5	My all time favorite spot.  Best sunset in the Valley.  Steller views and decor.  Amazing martinis.  Excellent food.  I don't usually order seafood in the desert but the scallops here were amazing.  When I ate here in May I saw Mario Batali leaving!  I call this place the vortex.  It is so serene you never want to leave.  The spa/resort (the Sanctuary on Camelback) also happens to be my all-time favorite resort.  I wish I could live here.  Too bad it is sooooo expensive.  Go during off season.  The Jade Bar is one of my favorite bars.  The killer martinis are served in bucket-sized glasses and strange things are always afoot...  very entertaining.
5	The decor and setting are excellent, as was the food.  The wine selection is incredible.  Memorable dining experience, but not for those who are watching their budget...  Have now been back several times, and never disappointed...
4	Did not eat at the restaurant but had drinks at Jade bar. Perfect location and great views of Paradise Valley. Very upscale and classy instiution. Prices are on the high side but its worth it.
5	Had a business lunch here and can highly recommend for this purpose.  The outdoor seating is perfect --- amazing PV views and resort scenery.  The food was outstanding and reasonably priced for the quality.
2	This restaurant is located in The Sanctuary, a posh mountainside spa and resort. Prices for midday lunch at the bar were reasonable, but our waiter was terribly slow and unattentive w/ no good excuse. Other patrons noticed and he started comping things, but unevenly. We ate at the bar - the caesar salad and sandwich (which they did graciously split for us) were both, fine, but nothing to write home about.  It had a cool little vibe I guess and in a really pretty hotel.
4	We ate here for our 1 year anniversary on a recommendation from my sister-in-law. All in all it was great, the view was by far the best part. But honestly, I felt it was a little overhyped. The food and service were good just not that exciting.A great place to take out of towners for a view of the valley or if you want a good meal, but if you are looking for something exquisite there are some better places to wing into.
4	The food is above average, but it is not especially innovative or creative.  They use quality ingredients in standard combinations for a tasty product.  The tuna tartare was a standout, I had a venison special that was merely good.The waiter couldn't answer a few questions about the food and went to check for me.  I generally expect a little more familiarity with the food at "upscale" places.  You are definitely being upcharged for the view and the setting - but for a special dinner, it is worth it, because the view and setting are pretty killer.Stop by the Jade bar before or after dinner - it is my fave place in AZ for drinks.
5	This place is slick. The expanse of windows provide the best views of Paradise Valley out into Scottsdale that I've seen without strapping on hiking boots. The food was very good, but the service was outstanding. This is the ultimate "impress someone from out of town" spot and doubles as a "I am very successful but private about it" location. For all the glitz and glam, it really isn't all that expensive. I had a sandwich that was nine or ten bucks and it was filling and came with a side. You just can't ask for much more than that.
5	I have to give props to Chef Beau McMillan for doing "fusion"  right. "Fusion" is a dime a dozen nowadays, and only a few can do it well. For dinner, I highly suggest the salmon with the udon noodles, if it is available (menu changes depending on what's in season). And for dessert, please try the banana concoction. It is just divine! So, yes, I'm a big fan of Chef Beau (he is not pretentious and seems fun). Afterall, he did beat Bobby Flay on Iron Chef.
5	This restaurant was absolutely amazing.  My husband and I came here for dinner while on a weekend trip.  The hostess who sat us was very professional and our server was great.  She knew just when to see if we needed anything or to leave us alone.  Our table overlooked the mountains and it was perfect for sunset.  We got the crab and lobster fondue for an appetizer and it melted in your mouth.  The crab was awesome!  My husband got pork tenderloin for dinner and he loved it!  He got it cooked medium and it was perfect, not dry at all.  I got the bacon wrapped filet and it was great!  The steak was cooked perfectly.  Even the drinks were good!  There only bad thing to say is we sat in the jade bar at a table for 10 minutes and the cocktail waitress kept walking by and never stopped to take our order.
4	Amazing aesthetics.  Sunset here makes everything all right in the world.  Lively bar scene.The food is pricey; I was not knocked out by the chef's creativity, the service, or food presentation.  All were good, but not enough to draw the extra star.  Go for drinks.
4	Everyone raves about the views at Elements on Yelp, so I had to check it out for myself.   We had dinner resos at 630 pm and as soon as I walked into the restaurant, I could see what everyone was talking about!  This is the perfect spot for dinner.  The tables all face the windows from every angle in the room.  The blinds were down until the last minute of the sunset and just like clockwork, as the sun was at the peak of the mountain...the blinds are raised across the restaurant and you start to notice, that the view has captured the entire restaurant.  Paradise Valley has never been more breathtaking and this was the perfect place to see it in all it's glory.After the view, we decided to start with dinner after a round of cocktails and then moved onto a delicious Flowers Pinot Noir.  I have this weak spot for braised short ribs, so that was definitely my choice for dinner, they were great!  My partner had the bacon wrapped filet, which I think was the clear winner of night.  The portions were large and neither of us were able to finish our meals.  They brought the dessert menu by and we both had to pass- there wasn't anything screaming at us, so we settled on trying to finish the bottle of wine.   The service and the meal were good, but the view steals the show!
5	NOTHING beats the view. Sit on the patio with your honey and sip a cantelope martini and watch the sun set over PV. Ah-mazing. Also, this is the only place where I have asked for extra blue cheese stuffed olives with my dirty martini and they gave me a bowl of them. A BOWL! I've come here for lunches too, but I prefer the adjoiing Jade Bar for a pre- or post-dinner drink.
5	My husband and I made brunch reservations for our anniversary and we were very pleased with our experience.  We requested seats by the window and our booth was small and intimate and provided us with a clear view of the beautiful August morning.  We started off with celebratory champagne which was from a fresh bottle opened specifically for us.  Wanting something to munch on before our entrees arrived we ordered the pastry basket, which was quite good (and sadly did not come in a basket), containing chocolate chip pumpkin muffins, blueberry muffins, and banana nut bread.  However, they also offer everyone a fresh cinnamon roll (which was outstanding) but had we known they were going to offer that we probably wouldn't have ordered the pastries.  Oh well.For an entree I had the breakfast chimi which was amazing.  It was bursting with flavor and was very filling.  My husband had the breakfast skillet which he enjoyed but he was dismayed at the small size of the skillet itself and thought the potatoes were a bit oily.  I had a separate side of potatoes which were perfectly cooked though.  After our champagne my husband ordered a Bloody Mary which he found to be very good.  Our server mentioned that normally for an anniversary they will usually give a complimentary dessert, but seeing as it was the early afternoon and we had just finished breakfast, we were instead presented with two delicious chocolate covered strawberries on a decorated plated at the end of our meal.  Our server also took the Bloody Mary off the bill, which was a very nice gesture.The service was great (though I would have preferred if they replaced our silverware after the cinnamon roll) and the meal was well paced.   Our server was so quiet and unassuming; she didn't have a single snooty bone in her body.   The entree prices were reasonable for a brunch of that quality (this isn't The Good Egg after all) and it is a restaurant we plan on returning to even if it is not a special occasion.
5	This is a great place to seal deals of all sorts. IE, if your lady isn't putting out, this is a great way to say "pretty pretty please" without actually having to grovel. I am a lady, so, you know, I know this ploy works.I was impressed by the whole package. There were minor setbacks that were resolved above my expectations; when we couldn't locate our waiter and asked a back server to assist, he was eager to do so. This is unusual, as any type of back service (bar back, back server, et cetera) is rarely empowered to give first-hand help and are typically instead instructed to alert the server. So this was a delightful touch.The food was wonderful and very multi-dimensional. The wine list was extensive and the drink selection was great, too. Great cigar selection, too!
5	I think it's been summed up pretty thoroughly by others, so I'll just list a few of my favorite things.Bare wood ceilingBeautiful views of the mountainsNo bad seat in the placeFire pit with little swirlies drawn in the dark sandSalt and fresh cracked black pepper in a cute yin-yang bowlGreat food and even better serviceFREE BIRF-DAY DESSERT in the form of molten chocolate...... (they even wrote 'happy birthday' in chocolate on the plate.  Sweet!)The only thing I could pick at is...for such a beautiful and chic place to go, did they really have to put fake horsetail in the vases at each table?  Come on now, couldn't you splurge on the real stuff?Best lunch item:  Orecchiette pasta with shrimp, chicken, and sausage in a morrocan spice cream sauce.
1	I am usually overly generous with my stars, so I'm even shocking myself.  The one star is rated purely on the food.  If the view, great cocktails and cute waiter were taken into account, I could go up one or two more.I ordered the bento box and my lunch partner ordered an Asian noodle salad.  Both were sadly bland and nondescript. In fact, it's odd that we don't lick our plates clean, so it's saying something when we leave food.  Perhaps we ordered the wrong items?  But in my opinion there should be no wrong items on a menu.I did like their unique cocktails-mine a spicy concoction of citrus and heat...
4	This place was amazing....food, decor, location and service were top notch.  I just wish we were there for the sunset.  There is a sexy outside seating area off the bar....looks like a great view.
4	I took my wife here for her 30th birthday.  The views as everyone else has stated are WELL worth the visit.  We arrived in mid January for a 6pm reservation and the sun had just set, leaving a breathtaking view of the surrounding mountains.  The colors in the sky were captured perfectly in the floor to ceiling glass that fronts the entire restaurant.  Service was great but the food was merely good...not great.  I had the lamb and my wife had the fillet.  I would say hers was better than mine but neither were out of this world.  Especially considering the price.That said, it is a must visit in the Valley for the views and ambiance alone.
5	Got a little lost finding this place up on the Paradise Valley Hills, but I love love love the food!Had a 9pm dinner reservation. The restaurant has a very nice view of the PV Hills. It's too bad we weren't at the restaurant when the sunset. It would have been an awesome sight. Service was attentive and not overly done. I wish our waiter was more charismatic with us in explaining the entrees. The order:+ Appetizer- Edamame dumpling with crab and shallots in a black truffle butter. Edamame was pureed and the crab was on top of each dumpling. Interesting texture and taste.+ Duck Breast with blueberry sauce and a mushroom risotto. Oh boy. This dish was sooo yummy!! The sauce was sweet, and the duck cooked perfectly at medium. The risotto was such an earthy flavor with the mushroom. I love this dish.+ Rack of lamb with crab and rice nori cake in an asian bbq sauce.The lamb had a good peppered outer coating. The meat was overdone when cooked at medium. The rice cake was crispy on the outside, and sweet and mushy on the inside. + Honey Walnut Cake dessert with a creme fraiche ice cream and blood oranges. YUMMMmmM!! The nutty and intense flavor exploded in my mouth. The ice cream was really light. I liked the extra touch with the dehydrated blood orange. It was a refreshing citrus flavor that was similar to a candy. Highly recommended!+ Pear Cake dessert with pears and mascapone mousse.The cake was a lot denser than the walnut cake, and the mousse balanced the flavor and density of the dessert. The sweet cranberry was a good touch. I liked how this dessert was not as sweet.The entire experience was wonderful!!! Awesome food, service, and view. Great place to spend with a significant other, family, and friends :)Other info:+ Parking: Valet- but it's free. Just pay for the services.+ Meal prices: Appetizers range from $10- $20. Salads range from $8-$12. Main entrees range from $25-$40. Desserts cost $10 each.
1	This place is ridiculous.  For the record, the view is really nice and worth seeing, but the food is atrocious.  It's not that the ideas for a particular dish aren't interesting, it's that the meats, cuts, and vegetables are flavorless and/or terrible.  For a $35 salmon dish, the salmon dish was farmed!  Farmed salmon at a restaurant like this!  What are they trying to pass off on us?!?  Moreover, the wine list was terrible.  So the view may be good but if I remember correctly, you go to restaurants for food.  But, apparently the restaurateurs who conceived the elements don't subscribe to this philosophy.
5	There are few places in Arizona where I will gladly hand over as much money as I possibly can for a consistently beautiful experience. Elements is one of those places. The menu that Chef Beau McMillan provides is seasonal, fresh and delicious. The wine list is approachable and the reserve list is all that a reserve list should be. The scenery is second to none. I strongly suggest that you call long before the night you want to dine and make a reservation for a "Lower Booth" - there is one in the lower left corner that has almost a 180 degree view of the Paradise Valley area and there's nothing quite like it.I frequent this establishment more than I care to admit and I am very comfortable enjoying a meal by myself at either the community table, at the lounge bar (when Justin is bartending), or, I've even been known to drop significant "coin" on myself, by myself for a birthday celebration. This place has it down! They understand service, hospitality, great food, Go with a date, and it will be the first of many memories, go by yourself and you'll be well taken care of...Salud!
4	Like everyone else, I have to give the view major props. If driving west towards the restaurant, you get an amazing view of Camelback Mountain. Once you get to the restaurant, the view overlooking the mountain is gorgeous. The cocktails are delicious and the food is quite tasty. Not the most amazing food I've had but it's good and the ambiance adds to the experience. The pork tempura appetizer was probably my favourite but we also had the tuna tartare and the goat cheese with spinach fondue. For my main course I had the cod which was cooked so perfectly. Overcooked fish is pretty gross and this was cooked till it was so tender. The service was good, again not the best I've had but was very high. If you're going to try to impress, this would be a good place for a special date. :)
4	So in addition to being addicted to browsing YELP during my planning period, I also enjoy a good shot of AZ central on the side.  I have to give AZ central the credit for my finding this beautiful mountain dining spot because it was on their list of restaurants with a view and boy what a view!!!We had a pretty good table but next time I will make sure we have a reservation in a booth table overlooking the mountain during sunset.  The food was delicious and I absolutely LOVED my Asian inspired basil cocktail.  One less star because unfortunately I ordered what I thought were the scallops and instead was A scallop...  I survived by nibbling on my boyfriends unbelievable Bacon wrapped fillet.  Decedent!I will for sure be returning, especially when I win the lotto.
4	Wow. From start to finish, our experience at Elements on Friday night was awesome. When I made our reservation, I mentioned that we would be there to celebrate our two year wedding anniversary and asked for a booth by the window.  When we were seated Friday night, we got a booth by the window as requested which made me happy.  Although we missed the sunset (we did see it at Jade Bar though), it was still a great seat as we could see the twinking lights of homes in the distance set against the dark mountain outline.  My one and only complaint about our seats was that there were several large groups behind us that were extremely loud. So loud in fact that it made it hard to hear my husband talk. Thankfully we only had to endure that for about 30 minutes.Service was prompt and attentive without being in your face.  Our waiter quietly checked on us, but also gave us our privacy which we appreciated. We each had a glass of wine with our meal...I had a delicious Albarino and my husband had a Riesling which was good. We started with the crab and shrimp stuffed peppers for an appetizer. While they were good, I wish it had been a hot dish instead of cold. Also, a tad more crabmeat would have made me happier as well.For entrees, I had the chicken which came with a potato cake. Wow, my dish was awesome. I only wish there had been more potato cake because I practically had to fight Chris for it. The chicken was cooked perfectly and had a nice sauce that came with it.  My husband had the pacific halibut which came with pasta in a basil sauce. The pasta was delicious and I kept sneaking bites of it.  Normally if we get an appetizer, we don't indulge in dessert, but as we were there for our anniversary, we thought we'd splurge and get two desserts.  The chocolate peanut decadence was...decadent! The peanut butter pie was a little too rich for my taste, but luckily the chocolate ice cream almost balanced it out.  The rum butter almond lemon cake was also really delicious...I loved how the whip cream was light and had a hint of an almond taste to it.  The best part was that both dessert plates came out with "Happy Anniversary" written on them in chocolate and they were free!Our bill came to $105 (before tip) which included two glasses of wine; one appetizer, and two entrees. If our desserts hadn't been comped, it would have been closer to $130 before tip.  Elements is really a 4.5 star restaurant; however, I am knocking a .5 star off because of the noise factor which takes away from the romantic atmosphere that my husband and I were looking for. Great for special occasions or just when you want a really good dining experience from start to finish.
5	The thing about reviews on a 1-to-5-star scale is that you can't be as precise as you want to be or call out specific aspects of the restaurant experience (service, food, ambience, clientele, etc.) that are truly deserving of a higher or lower rating. All you can really do is go on an overall impression that is made higher or lower depending on which of these factors matter more or less to you personally. Me - I'm all about the food and drink. Things like excellent service or a great setting can push me up that extra notch, but they won't be determinative unless they're truly specactular. Elements was a dining experience that had some of these truly spectacular qualities and therefore made my rating much higher than it would have been if I were just considering the food and drink. My husband and I went on Memorial Day for our two-year wedding anniversary; we had reserved in advance using OpenTable.com and I put that it was our anniversary and requested a "table with a view" in the special requests section. This worked out quite well, since we were immediately seated at a "lower booth" down by the huge picture windows even though we arrived 15 minutes early. The booth was super-private and had the most unobstructed view in the restaurant. Our server was very professional and attentive - he made sure to space our courses out, to not open our bottle of prosecco until we had finished our cocktails, and to refill water and check in often but not too often. The drinks were quite expensive - we both got a signature cocktail at $15 - but fairly unique. Mine featured a snap-pea vodka (interesting!), and my husband got something with some special gin. They were definitely enjoyable, although not blow-your-mind in a $15-a-pop kind of way. The prosecco was also decent and the only really reasonably-priced item we had at $28 for a bottle. We started the meal with the Tuna Tartare and the spanish-inspired quail with chorizo. The Tuna Tartare was good but nothing spectular - the fish was certainly fresh, but none of the flavors of the avocado or cucumber mound it topped stood out or really complemented the fish and at $20 for the plate, I could have gotten two plates of the same dish for the same price at a different restaurant. For my entree, I had the special, which was black cod on top of potato cake with a single clam on top. It was priced around $35. My husband had the niraigi (sp?), which is actually striped marlin, which came with a cucumber salad and jasmine rice. It was also around $35. Both fishes were fresh, and the sides were flavorful enough, but neither dish stood out or was particularly outstanding. That being said, however, being there in a private booth with the most beautiful desert view in the city, we truly felt that we would have been hard-pressed to celebrate our special occasion in a more special way - even if the food were better. The view and service were just that good. If you want romance and a great dining experience on a special occasion, go to Elements. If you want to simply check out the resort (Sanctuary) and see the view but not spend a ton of money, go to Jade Bar (attached to the restaurant but in a separate room).
5	A great fine dining place! 4.5/5J and I were there this Saturday with AJ and J. That was my first time to the Elements and I was totally in love with the restaurant's location and surrounding. What a view! We were seated on a cute bench overlooking at the mountain and sunset that evening. The service was excellent from the moment you stepped inside the restaurant. We started our meal with steam mussels in a delicious creamy sauce. The sauce was a little salty but it was perfect to dip your bread in! (bread was fresh, crusty and warm!). Among 4 of us, we had salmon with asian twist, pork chop, halibut and honey orange duck breast. I have to say among all of them (except pork chop, didn't try that one), the duck breast was my fav! Probabaly the best duck breast (in western style) I'd tried before! Will definitely get that one again next time. One thing to mention is they have very creative coctails list. J got a suger snap peas martini and it was amazing~ you can taste the subtle fresh sweetness of the snap peas. I had a rasberry martini and I enjoyed it as well. The experience was memorable and amazing. You can watch the sunset while having a superb dinner and great conversation.I would go back again for its brunch!
4	Fabulous views of Paradise Valley! Perfect for date or special occassion. Its a spa resort restaurant, so the menu is spa foo-foo, serving relatively small portions. Not good for the person who needs alot on their plate. Not a huge fan of their breakfast, but the morning atmosphere can't be beat.
5	This is my favorite place in the Scottsdale area hands down.  Amazing food, nice crowd and always consistant.  And it is never to loud - I recall going to Mastro's thinking it would be a "nice" place and felt like I surrounded by a bunch of over grown Frat Boys with too much money to blow - money doesn't mean class!Being from Los Angeles and being spoiled by some great spots - this place is so wonderful and always have such a nice vibe.  I do however wish they would make their portions larger!
1	The view is awesome; too bad the food and service are not at the same level to complete the total package.I do not mind paying $300 for a great dining experience and have traveled the world doing so.  Elements just doesn't match up.I made a reservation to celebrate my partner's 50th birthday based on reviews I had read on Yelp.  At the time of the reservation I mentioned the birthday event and partner's name to see what Elements would do. . . the answer was zero... no problem, but just one of the many places Elements misses the mark.We arrived early and enjoyed cocktails in the Jade bar (even OK that they delivered the wrong drink).  At our scheduled time we moved to the dining room to be told that they were running late and would get a table as soon as possible.  I know this happens occasionally.  When I made the reservation I realized that there were some Primo tables that everybody raves about and I am of the belief that it is either the luck of the draw or being pushy and assertive that determines seating (silly me I thought a 50th could influence).  While we would have been comfortable almost anywhere, we where shown to what has to be the worst table in the room.  The table is at the back of the dining room situated between the two doors that servers use for kitchen access.  In the 3 minutes we were at the table there was a constant parade of servers on both sides of our table.  The fact that this table exists speaks loudly about the priorities of this establishment.Our second table was Primo and we thought that we were on to a great dining experience.  The wait staff is cold and at times near rude.  There was nothing about any of the staff that was welcoming (including the bar, host, and servers).  After starters I went to use the toilet and when returned found my dinner on the table, not terrible but to me another faux pas that should not have happened.  We were each given 2 pieces of bread and when the plate was empty it was removed... it would have been nice to have been asked if we would have like more.The food itself ranged from very good to OK.  Lobster red pepper bisque was good, though lukewarm; pork appetizer was the best dish.  My duck breast main was tough and did not have any noticeable flavor added, just duck.We did enjoy the chocolate dessert.  When we requested the check it was dropped so quickly (no thank you for dining, I hope you enjoyed your evening!) and the waitress gone, that I did not get to hand her my in the ready credit card.I was all set to really enjoy Elements based on the reviews... but they seem to be quite busy, so I am sure that will not miss my lack of return visits.
5	I have to knock this up to 5 stars and give you all a recommendation for your visit...GET A SUNSET RESERVATION!!!The first time I went, we had a 9:00 reservation because we made it on the same day.  This time, I called about 2.5 months in advance in an attempt to make a sunset reservation (in a booth) as a surprise for my boyfriends birthday.  It was perfect!  I couldn't have orchestrated the evening any better.  We got there at 7:30 and as soon as our celebratory cocktail hit the table, the thin blinds rose and we had an unbelievable view-it was almost too perfect!  I also made a better choice for this order and went with roasted chicken served over truffle macaroni and cheese.  It was to die for!
4	This is more of a warning than a review.  The place is great, get a sunset reservation, enjoy the bar, food is good to excellent, and bring your wallet.  Others have said it all here.  My warning is DO NOT SPEED ON E. MCDONALD!!!  It is a complete Paradise Valley "speed trap" in the truest sense of the word!  I was tagged with a mobile photo ticket  van parked just down hill from the entrance to the restaurant.  They basically set it up to catch unsuspecting tourist going to the Sanctuary.  The valet guys were aware of it and said they do it all the time.  Despite the bummer of the start to my evening and the additional expense it added (Probably a $600 night with ticket) I still enjoyed dinner there and would recommend it.  I think my date wasn't too happy with me as I wasn't exactly in a great mood, this was my third AZ (read points on license) photo ticket in 6 months (all less than 15 over).... total money grab rip off!
2	Ok, let's start with the good stuff (which was not readily apparent when I arrived). Elements gets snaps for:Suggesting on the bottom of the menu that people turn off their cell phonesA decent wine selection, including good by the glass options (perfect for the lonely traveler)Having foie gras on the menu since it's all but disappeared most placesThe views do indeed seem to be goodYou can sit at a 'community table' to meet fellow lonely dinersBack to the story: the restaurant isn't so much off the lobby as it is *in* the lobby. This is bad because you don't feel isolated from the hotel at some tables in the restaurant, which hampers the ambiance. When I first arrived, the staff was mingling and chatting amongst themselves and took a moment to acknowledge me. This would be accepable at Mel's Place, but not at a supposedly high end restaurant. The decor was obviously trying hard to be asian inspired, but misses the mark of being really beautiful or even cohesive.The menu didn't inspire me. I'm not really a picky person, but the combinations just didn't sound good for the most part, or inlcuded something I don't like. I usually see 5 or 6 things at a restaurant that I want to try, but I had to look it over twice to find anything that sounded appealing. I finally settled on the swordfish with chorizo, shrimp, black beans and a morrocan cream sauce. I had ordered the foie gras as soon as the waitress came by and later found a Franciscan Merlot that turned out to be quite good.The foie gras came out and it was absolutely wonderful. I was a bit worried as I really like crisp toast and liver that's been prepared so that you can actually smear it across the toast. This came on a somewhat soggy something called French toast and had been pan seared so that only the inside was creamy. However, it was still a delight to eat and I would go back just to get this $23 appetizer. Based on the implausibly good experience here, I was now more excited about dinner.Then my entree arrived. I saw a piece of chorizo, which I love, so I speared it immediately. It was way over-cooked and not really spicy. In fear, I quickly tried the shrimp. It was also way over-cooked. The dish also came with tomatoes, which I hate and would swear weren't listed on the menu. The black beans were almost totally tasteless, which is near impossible, since the black beans I get in a can for like 50 cents taste better than this. The swordfish, oddly, was cooked perfectly and tasted buttery and delicious. However, as a complete dish it was an utter failure.Based on the lackluster service, imperfect ambiance and ok to mediocre food, this place gets 2 stars on the value for your money scale. I'll go out and spend $150 on dinner for myself. But I expect the whole experience to be over the top. Here I spent $90 including tip and have had better food and service at Red Robin. In fact, I consistently get better food and service at Red Robin.
5	Executive Chef, Beau MacMillan is a food rockstar! This talented chef has reigned supreme over Iron Chef America's, Bobby Flay in Battle American Kobe Beef. Simplicity, farm-to-table methods and a dizzying blend of Eastern flavors deliver a trance-like knockout punch. You've had spa treatments all day, you feel warm and fuzzy, then you take into your mouth a homemade edamame and roasted shallot stuffed ravioli with summer vegetable ragu & yuzu chive beurre blanc. Blow gently on me and watch me fall over with delight!Chef MacMillan combines elements to make masterpieces. Appetizers here can be stir-fried black mussels with sea beans, grilled scallion & garlic caramel, fiery calamari served with Chinese long beans & miso scallion vinaigrette, or creamy spinach and parmesan casserole with tomato jam & herb toast. No matter what you choose, savor the taste! The main course this restaurant is known for: everything! Bacon wrapped filet alongside freshly flown-in seafood morph the menu from day to day as only the freshest ingredients are selected! Special note: elements has an urban feel. Hard to describe, the big-ctiy techno-pulse is detectable within the framework of this spa retreat. Shiny mirrored art objects and cyber-green colors set up the feel of a trendy 30-something bar. It just so happens the restaurant's "jade bar" mixes fresh cocktails with nods to mixology's past: cantaloupe martinis, eastern raspberry sidecars, and their Hemingway special are oft requested as well as non-alcoholic specialties. If you are looking to make him or her say "YES" to ANYTHING try table 41. It's jaw dropping views of the mountain will make your objet d'amour willing.Dining here is a true experience. From the ambiance to the gastronomic tempting, to the Moulton Brown lotion in the ladies room, every detail is "elementally" perfect.
4	--Only vouching for the breakfast!--I like to take friends in town here for brunch because most of my friends visit from Chicago and its nice to take them to the mountain and sit and enjoy the view. Its a peaceful way to have breakfast and its not too bad of a price. Two of my favorite entrees are the bagel and lox and the oh so dreamy banana chocolate beglein waffles. My friend and I liked the waffles so much that we tried to recreate them the next day. It didn't work as well as we thought it would. If there are only two of you going, definately call ahead and see if you can get a booth facing the window. Its breathtaking!
4	I took my man here as a surprise for his 30th birthday. We got there pretty early and had a cocktail at the bar, and then another cocktail outside on their chick modern outdoor furniture. The bartender was one of the best we've had and recommended one of their speciality martinis. I tried a couple, and their citrus one was to die for. It was seriously the best drink I've had. I made a reservation for sunset and scored one of the best views in the restaurant. Do yourself a favor and ask for a table right along the window so you have a great unobstructed view of the sunset. The views were the the most beautiful I've seen in the Valley. It was 180+ degrees of pure beauty. I thought the dinner was fantastic, our service was good, and the ambiance made it worth the money. It's really pricey though, and while the food is great, it didn't blow me completely out of the water. It was by no means average, don't get me wrong, just not super-extremely-fantastic for how much it costs. I'd definitely go back for a special occasion!!
5	One of the best views in the valley.  Zen atmosphere and decor.  Uptempo lite techno background music.  The food was all perfectly cooked.  The tempura-battered fiery calamari was excellent.  The Halibut and Ahi was fantastic with very complementary sauces. Great dessert.  The staff was friendly and knowledgable...  ...always available without overly "hovering."  HIghly recommended for special occasions and a "splurge."
4	I just love elements.  I loved it when the Sanctuary opened up and even though I've moved away, I keep coming back for the views and the vibe.  Perhaps, it also holds a special place in my heart after my surprise 30th birthday party here.  We went for a birthday lunch on a quiet weekday and it was lovely.  Serene and relaxing.  The food was light and spa-like and perfectly tasty.  If food can taste like a place feels, that's what it's like here.I always leave elements feeling like a better person.
3	I want to love Elements so much. Because I do love it. Parts of it. Well, one part, to be exact. The scenic view. It really is only good at sunset in one of the booths around the edges with, yes, THE VIEW. It's pretty much the only reason to come to Elements.The interior has a very modern, contemporary feel (and decor and art to go along with it). We shared the filet mignon and a salmon dish (which was not even wild, a real turn-off for me for this caliber of restaurant), both of which were good, tasty, but, honestly, I wasn't that impressed with either dish. From the appetizer, salad, and dessert that we had, I kind of got this impression with every dish...you can't really go wrong, but don't expect to be totally blown away by the food itself either, considering how well-regarded on a whole it seems to be by the critics. I thought service was lacking, perhaps too busy and not enough/overworked staff. If you come here with good company and orchestrate the view, you're probably set with just that. Just don't focus on the food or your server, otherwise you'll lose the mirage.
5	Located at Sanctuary Camelback Mountain Resort & Spa, this is a beautiful place. There are some great views and a nice patio and large windows to enjoy them. I went here with my family for Thanksgiving, the meal was excellent. I had a Kobe beef carpaccio appetizer/salad with truffles, it was very good. The dinner I choose was the traditional Thanksgiving dinner, turkey, gravy, stuffing, mashed potatoes. And for dessert I choose the pumpkin cheesecake. Everything was very good. We had some cocktails at the bar before and after dinner, the bar was cool with a wide range of people of every age. Very cool.
3	I thought I would be blown away and I was with the amazing view and beautiful decor! however, the food was nothing spectacular and our waitress was clueless!  We all got the tuna tartar, beef carppacio, salmon and ribs. Would I come back? Yes but this time JUST for drinks on the patio. There are too many other yummy restaurants around here to just settle!
5	We had breakfast there recently.  I had the iron skillet and it was such a cool dish.  Such a creative presentation, if nothing else.  Two years ago we had dinner there and I remember it really knocked our socks off, though I don't remember enough of that meal to provide details.  The view at this place is second to none, to say the least, whether on a clear day, at sunset, or at night.  As someone else already said, it is a nice crowd there, and the decor is very tastefully done.
4	I was just here recently with friends - since it's winter, I didn't get to see the amazing view that i've heard about since it was pitch black by the time we ate.The decor was nice and simple, but contemporary.  Nice spacing of tables.  Overal, the food was good quality with nice flavors, but nothing overly memorable.  I had a bisque to start which was nicely done with good flavors, and it was poured right at the table so parts would remain crisp.  My entree was the feature of the day - I recall it was a fish, but cannot recall the specifics.For me, it wasn't a very memorable meal, but the food quality and service was reasonable for the price.
4	The 2nd time I went here to take out some out of town friends and they enjoyed it with a few minor mishaps.  Didn't see as much fusion on the menu as touted but it's probably a safer bet.  Some of the highlights were the roasted beet salad, the roasted chicken, and some sort of goat cheesecake.  A good place to go for a special occasion.
4	.... when visiting the valley of the sun I make it a treat to head over to elements for some delish dinner with friends.  aside from the yummie drinks, view and at one time... a Britney & K-Fed sighting... (hence one star less) I love this place.
2	My husband and I went to Elements two weeks ago for date night. It was our second time, our first visit being over 3 years ago. We couldn't get a table then and ate at the bar, food was pretty good.I made reservations, excited to have an adult night at such a beautiful setting. We got there and the restaurant was 1/3 full.The good- Like I said, beautiful setting, nice and romantic.I had two drinks (while ridiculously expensive) they were very good.We had a great time talking and enjoying each other company. Mind you, we moved here from NYC so I know expensive drinks but $15.00? And I'm no lush but I didn't found them to be bigger than drinks at other bars.The bad-Well, unfortunately everything else. Our waitress was nice but forgetful and absent minded. She offered to split our salad and didn't and forgot about our truffle mac & cheese order until we reminded her.The food- I was so heartbroken b/c we really enjoyed dining out and fine dining and it was such a let down. Our appetizers were average. My husband had the spinach casserole and I had the crab cake , which was the size of a half dollar. We then shared a salad which was OK but I think it's hard to mess up salad. And our entrees..... I had the monk fish wellington. The monk fish was luke warm and very bland and the vegetables too salty. My husband had the short ribs and again, bland.We both love mac & cheese so we decided to wait for it. Our waitress came twice to tell us they were making it. When it came it was super hot but....it was crunchy!!! Some of it was al dente but mostly it was uncooked. I was still waiting for something to be: wow, this is delicious so silly me ordered dessert, salt caramel panna cotta. Once again, disappointed. It was merely ok.At least they didn't charged us the mac & cheese. We decided not to complaint. My husband asked me if the food ruined my evening and thankfully it didn't, so we decided to just let it go. But let me tell you, that was one expensive "let it go".Maybe it was just a night off, which worries me a bit considering that the restaurant was practically empty.
4	We ended up at Elements Friday night with my in-laws on their last night in Phoenix, as we thought it would be a nice way to end their trip. Our server was absolutely fantastic - she did a good job of answering questions, helping with selections, and making sure we had everything we needed without being in our face. Since we had a later reservation (8:45 pm), the restaurant was pretty full when we arrived, but as the night progressed, it emptied out. This time, noise was not a factor which was a relief.My father-in-law ordered the special that evening which was similar to ahi tuna...he loved it. The rest of us ordered the scallop dish...it left us a bit underwhelmed. The scallops were on the bland side, although they were cooked pretty well. They could have used some seasoning to make them really good. Our desserts (chocolate torte and chocolate peanut butter decadence) were delicious and totally redeemed the meal in my mind. A bottle of wine, 4 entrees, and 2 desserts, set my in-laws back $230.I still think Elements is a great place, but my husband and I were a bit let down that it wasn't as phenomenal as last year when we went for dinner.
3	Love the location and view, especially if you time your reservation just right to watch the sun go down from your table. Hint, request for the Howard Stern booth when you make your reservation-best seating in the house. The Jade bar is a great place to mix and mingle before you get seated and it is called "Jade" so it definitely screams s-e-x-y. Heyyyyyyy. But...I'm not in love with this place nor their food. Something about modern furniture/outlay makes me feel cold. I know this place is suppose to feel zen like, but instead, it makes me feel like I'm in a small box within a large box. I like ambiance that has a little more romance and warmth to it...the cozy feeling that makes you feel all mushy inside and reminds you of your Grandmother. As for the food, nothing has been memorable to me except their desserts. I tried looking up their menu online to tell you exactly what I've ordered, but I couldn't find it on their website. I do remember trying a curry dish, which was pretty awful. I love curry whether it's Thai or Indian and this particular plate was just trying too hard to be everything, in return, being neither...not sure where they were going with it? The service is great, though and I've been here on Christmas day when it's super busy, yet never felt that way because the service was attentive.I, of course, would go to this place again, but if I had a choice, I would rather go somewhere else. Been there, done that.
4	The food has always been pretty good. Tuna was excellent.  Service was good but the guy never smiled-must have been having a bad day.  Always do dinner around 5-6:00.  It is a very beautiful and romantic setting.  Worth it for special occasions.
4	This review is not for the restaurant venue, but rather for the food, which was served on the terrace, at the bar and on the room. Overall, very good - but not super great. While the breakfast was outstanding, some of the other classic restaurant dishes seemed to be oddly assembled and some of the appetizers might have formerly been convenience food.The chefs attitude is great, especially compared to his famous colleagues as some of them are a......, esp the ones u see on TV (hey, B.... F...). Whoever is the pastry chef, deserves special recognition as of his/hers creations. At Elements I started my infamous pastry diet :-)Will we come back, hell yes, I am too lazy to leave the resort when I am in town.
2	So not good.  Most things were substandard.  My potato soup with chorizo was delicious.  But other than that, so off the mark.  For instance, my salad was swimming in vinaigrette.  So sour!  That's a Denny's mistake.  My crab fried rice had decent pieces of snow crab, but a strange, off-putting tang that lingered.  When I factor in prices, I start feeling anger and regret over my dinner choice.Service started off slow (on a slow night), and then ended up downright dismissive.Elements does have a beautiful view, and I would whole-heartedly recommend it for drinks with out-of-towners.  But if you care at all about food, keep going.
2	We went here for my brother's 40th birthday.  You know, when it comes to special occasions, places really let you down.  The food was ok, nothing special. And really pricey for what you got.  Server didn't know much about the food either.  Asked about a sauce being either smooth or chuncky, he said smooth.  Yeah, with chuncks in it!!!   Sat a long time between courses, also.  Like 45 minutes between entree and ONE dessert, for my brother for his birthday (that I had to pay for in advance, BTW).  Glasses and other dirty dishware sat on the table a REALLY long time as well.  All in all, we won't be going back there any time soon.  Too bad, too, it has a great view.
5	Great views. This place will be 5 stars as soon as the kitchen renovation is completed and the chef's table is up and running. Make reservations NOW. Beau MacMillan is a Iron chef champ, and he cooks American cusines with an Asian flaire. The wine list is possibly the best in town, with hard to find bottles and great wines by the glass.
5	Let me rave about my Kobe beef hotdog that I ate as an afternoon snack.If the rest of the food at this place is just as good, then this place must be awesome. The view is awesome! The food was great! The waiter even was nice to take pictures of us!
5	I had Happy Hour with friends here last night.  (My one disappointment is that Happy Hour ends at 6PM here; what's up with that!?)  OK, it could have been my company, but I was so impressed with everything here last night, this will quickly become one of my favorite lounges/restaurants.My Dirty Martini was perfect...perfect!  The waiter was so friendly and genuine that we decided to forgo the waitstaff service to return to the bar for additional drinks.The appetizers were good.But the lounge areas and the view were absolutely gorgeous!  This place has such a wonderful ambiance.  It is definitely a place to which I will return, and definitely a place I would like to share with visiting family and friends!
5	I took my husband here for his 40th birthday and we were both very impressed. The atmosphere was beautiful. We were fortunate enough to have a table near the window so we had a fantastic view of the valley at sunset. Our waiter was fantastic (not stuffy) and the food impeccable. Obviously on the pricey side, but that is to be expected for an establishment such as this. Might catch a star or two. We saw Steve Nash at the bar.
5	News of Elements "rebirth" has been blowing up my Inbox for the past several weeks. So, somewhere, there is a PR person doing a great job of getting the word out. The service was top notch, from start to finish. We checked in early and told the hostess we planned to meet friends in Jade Bar for drinks. About 30 minutes later (exactly at our reservation time), she found us there and let us know they were ready. She made it clear that we could take our time and that the table would be waiting for us.  Fantastic!Our server, Mark, made an equally good impression on us. As we were curious, he gave us a complete rundown on the multi-million dollar renovation to the kitchen and restaurant. He quickly delivered our requested glasses of wine and took our appetizer orders. When we told him that we wanted to take a quick tour of their deck, he offered to hold our appetizer orders until we got back. He further surprised us by finding us on the deck several minutes later to tell us the appetizers were nearly ready. As we made our way back to the table, our appetizers were being whisked in. Way to go above and beyond, Mark. Your commitment to our total experience was top notch! The appetizers were great. Escargot dumplings, a fois gras mouse and roasted peppers were all extremely tasty. My only disappointment was the fois gras mouse, in that it was a bit light for my taste. The fois gras flavor could have been a bit more present than it was. Dinner was fantastic. I had the short rib raviolis, which were wonderful and the samples I had from the other plates around the table were equally delicious. All in all, a wonderful meal, made even more special by our company and by the attentive service we received from ALL of the staff we interacted with. If this is the "rebirth" of Elements, I'm looking forward to a long & fruitful life for this Valley gem.
5	Oh man...A+...Boyfriend took me here for dinner to celebrate our anniversary and it couldn't have been more perfect. We are vegan, and they even had a wonderful tofu dish on the menu...Everything we ordered was amazing and delicious. Service was outstanding and I would highly recommend this place for a special occasion or weekend cocktails. :)
2	We were staying at the Sanctuary for our anniversary weekend. Elements came highly recommended, but we had a lot of restaurants that we wanted to try, so had to go to Elements for lunch. The restaurant is beautiful with a fabulous view of the Valley. We had a window seat to take advantage of the view. Our server was prompt, friendly and attentive. The food was unfortunately a huge disappointment. We started with the grilled pear and brie quesadilla. The pears were not grilled (were barely even cooked). The brie was good, but the overall combination lacked much flavor or pizazz. The honey and pine nut garnish were the only real source of flavor and made it tolerable. We shared the "specialty" Asian grilled chicken breast with grilled corn and cilantro slaw and the Angus burger with cheddar and balsamic roasted onions w/potato chips. The chicken specialty was an unseasoned cooked chicken breast with cold barbeque sauce poured on top and then cut into slices. I can't even remember having such a bland, uninspiring chicken dish. Trader Joe's frozen teriyaki chicken breasts are far superior. The grilled corn was actually grilled and was sweet and delicious. The cilantro slaw was some cabbage with shredded carrots and a few springs of cilantro, but no dressing or seasoning to bring it together. The Angus burger was a good burger. Balsamic roasted onions were delicious. Potato chips were not anything special. We also had breakfast from Elements via room service. Another disappointment. Average scrambled eggs. Fruit plate with limp, unripe cantaloupe and honeydew. Good latte. Overall, I am glad that we chose to go elsewhere for our anniversary dinner. We may go back to the Sanctuary, but not to Elements.
5	I love it. On our visit, the remodel wasn't quite done, but you couldn't see anything from inside the restaurant and thye had just rolled out a new menu that had a lot of really interesting looking options. We sat in one of the booths down by the window and had a great view of the valley and the mountains below us. Our server was freakin awesome and brought us these little bread things with some sort of hummus, it was great. I ordered the short rib ravioli and ended up practically licking my plate clean. There could have been a bigger portion, but if I had ordered an appetizer or salad like I should, it would have been a perfectly sized meal. When they get the patio opened up and the private dining room they have pictures of by the door, this will be a seriously legit contender in the valley dining scene. I'd say they are easily top 10 for overall experience right now anyway.
4	no wonder this place shows up in airline magazine ads and travel and leisure ads. it is beautiful! and for being "in the city", it is so serene and quite! the pool, the firepits, all the cool gardens...absolutely lovely! but i still don't understand paying so much money for a hotel room. anyway, of course we can't afford to eat here, are you kidding me? we had a foodie event that was way discounted so we were drinkin up the free mojitos and partaking in delicious appetizers. overlooking the neck and head of camelback mtn, we couldn't help but feel booojwaaa though!
1	The menu was enchanting. The setting, looking down over the Valley from Camelback Mountain, beautiful. The service was very good. The food was lousy. It may be because we ate late for Phoenix (arrived at 9:00). It may be because we ordered badly. It may be because they had an off night. Regardless, my sesame coated sweetbreads might as well have been tired hush puppies. Very heavily breaded, no taste of sweeetbreads, sauced in an overpoweringly sweet, red chili jelly, and served on top of a bed of wilted turnip greens, it was awful. But it was better than the "Eggplant spring roll" main course which was comprised of three rollatini of thinly sliced, grilled eggplant wrapped around couscous with a few pistachios (I think), swimming in a gelatinous, overly thickened, soy flavored, sweet sauce that easily rivaled the sweetbreads'  chili jelly in nastiness. My wife enjoyed her pear salad but thought the devil fried oysters were very poor. She didn't care for the side of roasted cauliflower; I thought it was the best thing I ate. The bottle of Sancere we ordered arrived at room temperature. Our host seemed to enjoy her squash soup though I think she was so-so on the chopped salad.We've eaten at Elements several times before and I'm sure we'll try it again because of all the great things that so many have written about it recently. When we do I'll post a new review.
3	Eh...for the price it wasnt great.  We just had cocktails.  Service was shotty at best, bartenders could have cared less, waitress seemed confused about which tables (if any) were hers, etc.  It wasnt too busy in the bar area.  We sat at a table, didnt get waited on so grabbed a drink at the bar.  No waitress ever came by so we moved to the patio.  Drinks are super expensive ($22-25 for a corona and grapefruit cosmo or some sh*t), but we know that and we were there for the view and the sunset.  Well, the bar patio kinda faces the wrong way for the sunset and the tables out there off the restaurant are reserved so we didnt get the sunset. No big deal.  We stayed for 2 drinks and the Bartender put it on my buddies card without asking us (score for me!)...We went for a special event and it wasnt very special.  I wouldnt go back unless trying to impress someone (not with the view or the service, just showing off that I like to waste money).  The chef is famous, the bartenders were lazy, the view was overrated.  They have potentially/arguably THE best spot in the valley but there are a million places in this town to go for a good experience so not sure I would risk it again...they almost seemed like they knew they would get busy later or that we were locals and they cater to guests only or something.  It seemed like they didnt need our tip $$.  We are all current or ex service industry so it was their loss.  Or maybe not, they still got their 20% on the expensive drinks so maybe thats their mindset?
5	Celebrated my birthday here with friends.  And what better place.  Never had a bad meal here.  One of my fav restaurants in town!Need I say more?
5	The first time we ate here, we went with a friend of executive chef Beau MacMillan and got special treatment.  We were served four different dishes of the most exquisitely prepared fish I'd ever eaten, followed by desserts that were to die for. The next time we ate at sunset, and the views of Paradise Valley as the sun is setting are stunning.  The prices are comparable to other high-end restaurants, but the view and atmosphere here can't be beat.  They can accommodate a gluten free diet, too.  Always a bonus when my family comes to town.The food is always fresh and flavorful and Beau Mac is an engaging and entertaining chef to talk with.  I always have fun at Elements, and look forward to going again for the next special occasion or family visit.
5	This review is for the dining experience not the resort which I would rate much lower. The food at Elements is exceptional but you will pay for it which is to be expected for such quality and atmosphere. The menu is changing always fresh and full of impressive flavors with a wine list to match. Views are among the best in the valley so make sure you request window seating when making reservations which is also a must. I would highly recommend this experience to impress that special someone in your life or close the big deal, however it is important to note that Elements will remain one of the better dining experiences in the valley as long as they continue to focus on the quality of the food and those in the kitchen who prepare the dishes. If either of these slip then this place could easily become as overrated as the Resort.
3	Here it goes, first review!   I took my lady to Elements on a Saturday night for dinner and wine.  The setting is ideal, very posh like a country club.  The view is spectacular.  The bread rolls were tasty, the accompanying hummus was really quite bland, however.  The "Chowdah" was fantastic, as was the nights special soup "Coconut Shrimp & Yellow Squash".  The "Sweet Breads" appetizer was good, if not a generic, Asian style flavor.  Hint: it's not bread.  The entrees, a filet and a pork chop were both large and well prepared.  All in all, the food was good, the soups were best, yet nothing jumped out at me and knocked me off my feet.  I wouldn't consider it worth the money, for it was an expensive meal.  However it was a great date night, and  I'll give it a go again sometime.  Three and three quarters stars.
4	We recently tried this place out for Mother's Day after having this on my "wish list" for sometime now and were thrilled by the breath taking views and the delicious food. However, we found the pricing high for the breakfast brunch ($60 per person) and felt that we've had better value at Camelback Inn's Sunday Brunch where the buffet choices were much more expansive. There was an open buffet for the appetizers and desserts, but only one choice entree for the main course. We did walk away very full though. I'd definitely like to return again to try a regular meal, but hopefully a bit smaller check.
2	Allow me to start out by saying I never thought I would be the type of person to write an email regarding a dining experience (good or bad).      Having said that, the only positive thing I can say about our evening at your restaurant was that the valet guy was very pleasant and friendly. It was a special evening for my girlfriends birthday (I called ahead and pre-ordered flowers for the table). Our drinks took way longer than they should have, the main courses and side dishes were average, the time between clearing our plates and dropping off dessert menu's was at least 15 minutes, and the birthday dessert was far from impressive. I would most certainly have informed a manager but didn't have the opportunity since there was no table check during our meal (isn't this standard at fine dining?). Not to mention I would love to inform you of our incredibly boring server's name but I have no idea what it was since he never introduced himself! I hate to sound so crude but with that beautiful location and relatively pricey per person check average, we expected a little more. Perhaps a little less time filming shows for the Food Network and a little more time focusing on the little things that create a memorable experience is in order? Just a thought.
4	I'd give this place 3.5 stars if I could, but I'll round up.The Boyfriend and I made reservations here this past Saturday night for our prom reenactment. We thought it'd be sweet to dress up in our prom gear and pretend that we were 18 again. We arrived in suit and floor length dress and were seated as soon as we got there. The servers and staff didn't so much as flinch when we arrived because it's a relatively fancy shmancy place so most people were dressed up.I ordered the eggplant dish and my prom date ordered the marlin fish dish. We also got the pepper side and he ordered an escargot and mushroom dumpling appetizer. The ambiance - great! Romantic, fancy, greeeeeeeeeeeat view! It was perfect for prom.The service - Decent. The server was helpful, but MIA most of the time. Took a few hand waves to get someone's attention.The food - A for effort and creativity, but the overall taste wasn't to die for. But where else can you get escargot and mushroom dumplings? And roasted peppers as a side dish?The price - This place is not cheap.Overall, nice experience, but it's probably a once in a lifetime kinda thing. Unless we decide to go to prom again in another 5 years.
4	This is a great date spot!  I would recommend having drinks on the outside patio at sunset then enjoy an excellent dinner at the restaurant.   It's definitely a place where you should probably dress up a little bit, but it's not extremely formal.  The decor was very modern, dark wood, chic, with a hint of color.  I ordered the Seared jumbo sea scallops with sweet pea lobster risotto, heirloom tomato vinaigrette.   It was slightly on the saltier side, but other than that I really enjoyed the flavor and presentation.  They also give you hot and fresh bread with hummus which i believe had a slight Asian feel to it because it had some sesame oil and a hint of ginger.  Very different and interesting!   Overall, I would recommend the place if not only for the amazing view and ambiance.
3	Work allows me to travel here and there which is nice.  I went to Phoenix last week for a client meeting and we took them to Elements at  the Sanctuary Resort & Spa.  Besides the fact that it was about 104 degrees at noon (I had like behind the knee sweat, gross!) this spot was so good.  Of course they win points for serving their delicious & refreshing moscow mules in copper cups - the way they should be!  We had a drink and the sesame hummus in the Jade bar while we waited for our table which was served w/ warm pita and crudite.  It was good, but nothing to write home about.We sat at a table in the middle of the restaurant, but we still had a great view of the desert mountains and a gorgeous sunset.  I had the roasted corn bisque (with black truffle & lobster fritter) which was one of the best bisques I've ever had.  I was  hesitant to get it since it's so hot there, but they know how to crank up the AC in Phoenix!  I got to try a taste of the truffled mac & cheese (with fresh umbria truffles) and if I was more of a mac & cheese person I would've eaten that up like it was my job.  Seriously, truffles just make everything better.  For dinner I had the Seared Jumbo Sea Scallops, but asked them to serve it with the roasted shiitake mushrooms, asparagus, artichokes, meyer lemon broth that is served w/ the roasted chicken.  The scallops were done very well, but the accompanying vegetables were overcooked and too salty for me.  For dessert the other 5 ladies and I decided to order their passion (goat cheese cheesecake with lemon zest drizzled with passionfruit, lychee compote & guava coulis) to share.  It was muy interesante.  Good, but not something that you'd want to eat the entire thing or fight other people's attacking spoons for a bigger share.  But it's not bad - it's just different.  One person compared it to those whipped yogurts in terms of consistency.  You first taste it and it tastes tart like normal cheesecake, but then you get an aftertaste of goat cheese.  It looked nice though!http://notomatoesplease.wordpress.com/2010/06/28/elements-phoenix-az/
5	Black Garlic Compound Butter....you had me at hello!  Learn at Lunch is an amazing opportunity to enjoy Beau MacMillian the person and the chef.  Today's topic Arizona's Iron Chefs plus a Senior VP of Programming for the Food Network.  Imagine three of the best restaurants and chefs creating their masterpieces in one meal then totally entertaining the audience.  All of this paired with excellent wines and Q&A from the audience for $65 including tax and tip.  Oh...they also had a DJ to play just the right music.  This is an amazing event to share with someone who loves food.  I would be a bit concerned taking a picky eater.  "A Taste of of the Cooking Channel" menu (new channel goes layers deeper than food network, must order from cable provider)Pasta Carbonara "Iron Chef Style" by Chef Lee Hillson T.Cooks / Mondavi Fume BlancOur table left nothing in their bowls from this course even the "steak-eater" dudes.Prime Dry Aged Rib Eye, Gratin Potatoes, Smoked Bacon and Mushroom Hash by Chefs Beau MacMillan and William Patterson/ Mondavi MerlotThis steak had a Black Garlic Compound Butter-  Black Garlic new to me and delish.  It is hard to make beef better but this was SOOOO much better.Grandma Polly's Tart Apple Pie by Chef Mark Tarbell/ Mondavi MuscatoI make a pretty good apple pie and only dream to reach this perfection.  If you haven't had even a smell of Tarbell's rosemary carmel...you are missing out!This experience was memorable.
5	Elements is truly one of the Valley's fine dining gems, thanks to the amazing food from Chef Beau MacMillan and the spectacular setting. They recently underwent a multi-million renovation - I never saw the dining room before, but now it's sleek and modern. It almost feels a bit Japanese minimalist, but this wisely puts the focus on the food and the gorgeous views. If you try Elements for dinner, make sure you get there before the sun goes down to take in the sunset and mountain views and then the lights of nighttime. Service is friendly and helpful, although not quite as refined and attentive as you might expect in a restaurant of this caliber.To start, they brought us rolls with hummus dip that were so good, I was afraid I'd fill up on that alone. For an appetizer, two of us shared the short rib ravioli, which was to die for! It's only one ravioli, but it's quite large. The combination of flavors is amazing, and the short rib inside is so tender. For entrees, we had the scallops and the flat iron steak - both dishes were exceptional! The three jumbo scallops were perfectly seared, tender and sweet, and came served over a lobster pea risotto and with a mustard sauce. The flat iron was also perfectly cooked, super tender for what can be a rougher cut of meat, and with a nice, mildly sweet hoisin sauce. We finished by sharing the pineapple upside down cake, with coconut gelato. The desserts are small portions, and we probably could have used a second, but then we might not have been able to enjoy the delectable chocolate chip cookies they brought out with the the bill. I always find that a nice touch and it's something that costs a restaurant very little but leaves a wonderful, lasting final impression.Elements may not be THE best restaurant in town, but as long as Chef MacMillan keeps devoting his time and energy here (with the help of his staff), in addition to his many "celebrity chef" duties, it will remain ONE OF the best. And those views don't hurt, either.
5	Spectacular!  You definitely get what you pay for at Elements.  The pork chop with cherry garlic glaze and the Foie Gras appetizer are superb.  Our waiter Jim was great!   It was an outstanding experience!
3	I think I set my expectations too high, plus it was my birthday dinner so had the restaurant choice resting on my shoulders...I'm giving it 3 stars for the shear reason that the macaroni and cheese was such a spectacular gem in the meal experience.The service was atrocious, they forgot that it was a birthday dinner and we sat next to loud family with 3-4 texting teens (oh yes, there ARE a few signs around that say no cell phone use but apparently they don't apply to this table).  The spicy calamari and tuna carpaccio on watermelon  were delish to start. Thank goodness as they seemed to be out of everything from the bar and never came back in time for me to order a glass of wine. Looking dapper in linen pants, my date had the filet which was amazing. My scallops and sweet pea risotto were ok...have had better scallops but it was a good dish. Desert was merely "eh" so don't save room - lick the mac-n-cheese bowl and don't expect a second cup of coffee unless you have a flare gun or send out an expedition party. Would try again just in the hopes of getting a better table not in the back and  experiencing better end to end meal.
5	This is the way to relax after a busy day of brain teasing. Their banana chocolate dessert overlooking the desert moon by the Infiniti pool is your eyes' ideal. The ambiance is just perfect.  The people is not rowdy. Great spot to just lounge and talk about everyday intellectual stuff.
5	Special visitor so I wanted to try the regular menu.  Mac and Cheese with truffles and three types of cheeses best I have ever had.... friends in my life I have had ALOT of the stuff.  Special was halbut with beet couscous... amazing.  They were also offering a three course pre-fix for $36.  There cocktails have as much flavor as the meal...a must try.
4	Driving all the way up to this restaurant I was afraid of letdown like some of my other experieces with hyped up restaurants. This wasn't the case whene I went five years ago. The interior was cool and modern. The view especially at sunset was breathtaking. The food was beautiful and delicious. I especially remember my foie with sweet berries which really did it for me. The sweet balancing out salty worked well. At that time all the other Az restaurants were doing foie without sweet flavors. This pushed Elements up to another level. I recommended this place to my brother. He took his girlfriend for brunch. They commented on how beautiful the view was during daytime. They both raved about their food saying it was the best brunch they've ever had. They've insisted I go with them the next time I visit.
4	We came here for the happy hour (because we couldn't afford the dinner menu) and it turned out to be a great experience. We originally came here because we saw it featured as one of the "best places for patio dining" and truly, the views were spectacular (although we couldn't sit outside since it was 110 degrees!). We ordered margaritas and for food the potato chips, quesadilla, and mini burgers. All were delicious and had generous portions. The staff was also very friendly and attentive.
5	I've been to Jade Bar a couple of times for drinks, and I've always been really impressed.  Friendly service, tasty beverages and a great atmosphere both indoors and outdoors.  Following trips to both Peru and Chile, I was on a pisco sour kick for awhile last year, and this bar has the best in the city (as chosen after a pisco sour bar crawl, where it beat out Culinary Dropout and Trader Vics).After eyeing Elements each time we came to drink, my boyfriend and I finally decided to give it a try for my birthday this past weekend.  The dining room was filled and energetic but still had a romantic feel sitting by the window overlooking the mountains.For appetizers, we went with the foie gras and the crab stuffed artichoke.  Both were ok, but the foie was a bit overpowered by the super rich and buttery blackberry-filled tart and on the pricey side ($21) for the size of the protein.  The entrees, on the other hand, were outstanding.  We ordered the diver scallops and the kurobuta pork chop and were extremely impressed with both the quality of the ingredients and the creativity of the dishes.  The pork chop was incredibly juicy and paired well with the (light) cherry glaze.  The diver scallops were cooked perfectly and went well with the sweet pea risotto.Finally, the service - great.  Our waiter took a little longer than he had intended to put in our main dishes and comped us a half bottle of wine for the "wait".  It was a really nice gesture, especially considering we wouldn't have even noticed!I was waffling between 4 and 5 stars, but the amazing location, great service and the pork chop put it over the top - we can always choose different appetizers next time!
4	I was introduced to this restaurant by my parents, as we found out later on this is one of their get away places... I love this restaurant the location is very nice for special occasions.... We have dined and lounged at their bar many many times.
4	Had an outstanding lunch here.  The view is amazing, their cheese fondue dip was delicious, and they serve up a tasty burger.I definitely recommend it and would come back in a heartbeat on my next visit to Phoenix.
5	MY 100TH REVIEW-WOOHOO! I was a lil excited there haha, but I saved this particular review for my 100th because my husband & I went here to celebrate our 1st wedding anniversary! So it's pretty special, to me. Any way... We arrived on Sunday, December 12th, at 8pm. We were seated in a booth overlooking Camelback mountain, it was gorgeous! I loved the whole look & feel of the restaurant, just an overall great ambiance & atmosphere. We started out with the braised mussels & chorizo in spiced moroccan lobster broth, an amazing app! We then decided to order a couple cocktails, hubs ordered the jaded pear & I ordered the strawberry lavender royale. Very pretty drinks but we didn't care for either. For our entrees; my husband ordered the slow braised beef short ribs that came with anson mills aged cheddar grits, asparagus & mushroom ragu & I ordered the pan roasted free range chicken that came with roasted garlic mash, creamed spinach & sweet onion pancetta jus. Both meals were absolutely phenomenal! We were much too full for dessert so we passed, but a few minutes later our sweet server brought us a yummy chocolate/peanut butter dessert & wished us a happy anniversary. I wish I knew the name of it, but I can assure you, it was decadent & divine. Total with tip was about $145. Pricey, but completely worth it in my opinion. I would love to return for our 2nd anniversary!
4	This was a very nice spot for a holiday dinner with my wife. Had a very nice view of paradise valley. You wont find a menu like this out there, with the different spices and flavors they use in their dishes. Its definately unique. Their signature drinks are hit and miss. Some were very good, and others were quite odd like the celery margahita. All of their dishes have an asian flare to it based on the spices/rubs they use on their food. The odd one out I would say was the chorizo and mussles. It was very good, but didnt seem to go along with the rest of the menu based on the falvors alone. I had the double pork chop which was phenominal. The glaze added that extra sweetness, and along with the slight char was awesome. The pork fried rice that went along with it was also very good, but would have been better if they could have mixed it up a bit. Not a lot of creativity with pork chop and pork fried rice in my opinion. It seems like allspice or chinese 5 spice seems to be a theme, and is in just about everything from drinks to the food.Service was very good. Jim took really good care of us, and didnt rush us at all. Allowed us to have a cocktail before we ordered an appetizer just to sit back and relax. He also made sure not to rush us and made it on our time instead of his which was very nice.overall: 4 starsfood: 3 starsservice: 4 starsambiance: 4 starsnoise: moderate
4	Nice atmosphere, good for romance or business. Food was good, would go back again.
5	Brunch on Sunday after New Years was perfection!  First, the setting is magnificent with splendid table settings, modern design and superb views.  We were warmly welcomed and given a view table.  Excellent Spanish sparkling wine promptly served while awaiting friends.  Fresh squeezed OJ brought in beaker to make our own mimosas.  Bloody Mary's can be ordered at a hefty charge, but not needed when bubbly is included.  Buffet is modest compared to some, but here quality wins out with nicely displayed salads, fruits, cheeses, cold meats, fantastic smoked salmon, cold shrimp, crab and bagels, breads, etc.  Huge omelets are included and made to order.  Do not miss the buffet of small desserts--all outstanding in appearance and taste.  The pecan pie miniature was my favorite.  Superb service with silver and plates changed as required without asking.  Will not wait for New Years to return.
3	Trendy place with a spectacular view and wonderful staff, but food was trying too hard to be overly complex. Food: 2.6, Atmosphere: 4.5, Service: 4.5Highlights:- Location: beautiful space overlooking the mountains with gorgeous sunsets. - Atmosphere: super trendified and modern with a fireplace towards the middle of the entry. Bar looked like a great party spot inside as well as the huge patio outside. Place settings featured a bit of east meets west with my favorite item on the table being what I called the ying and yang salt and pepper plate.- Staff: everyone from the valet to the bus boys were wonderful. Our waitress Hillary was nice and went out of her way to be accommodating to our requests. The water guy was totally on top if it too always refilling my glass which is no small feat since I drink a lot of water. The valet was cute when upon entry he told us what a wonderful night we were in store for and afterwards when discovered we were going back to watch the end of the NFL playoff game he rushed to get our car. - Bread and dip: enjoyed the eggplant hummus with ginger and sesame along with the soft rolls spiced a bit on top- Chocolate rolled cake: my other fave bite if the night. Dense yet soft chocolate cake with a bit of crunch and style with the little circular nubbins scattered on top. Paired with caramel gelato which was jammed packed with that caramel flavor. - Pork belly fried rice: nice touch in fat, texture, and added flavor to an already tasty rice- Check cookies: soft, chewy, and warm mini chocolate chip ones to close out the mealMidlights:- Lower booths: love the location right by the window overlooking the view, but they were uncomfortable. The material wasn't giving so it was too stiff and width-wise it was too slim for normal sized people so we were a but crushed together when trying to eat.Lowlights:- Seared foie: I almost never can resist ordering it when I see it on the menu, but this was not a very appetizing rendition. Biggest issue here was it way too slimy inside instead of a sear that maintained a structure throughout. The custardy mousse it was sitting on was way too huge--almost a bowl full. The addition I thought was cool individually but not sure fit in to the dish were the peppercorns and carmel rice. - Scallops: overcooked to just at the brink of being rubbery. There was too much going on on the plate. Although visually I was impressed by the snap peas being sliced open like birds of paradise flowers, the cheese crisp was overly oily and not crisp at all and seemed out of place in the Asian infused dish.Not sure if we just didn't order the best items and on food alone I wouldn't return, however the view and service were delightful so I might consider it...
5	I was there on Valentine's day so it was busy. Still our waiter was attentive and friendly. The food was great - I was expecting less because was a busy night. We have to order 4 courses and I must say that my duck confit risotto and braised short ribs were amazing. Tried my gf's lobster bisque (ok) and ribeyes (nicely prepared but not extraordinary). Overall we had a great time- will definitely go back again.
4	It is the ever changing menu that brings me in to Elements about once a month and my confidence in Chef Beau's creations. The ever changing menu generally changes about once a month. With every change I am there!!  Although the menu changes nearly every month they're a few items that to the core stay the same but has invited new guests to hang out for the "Mouth Party". Every menu change focuses on whats in season, what's fresh locally and I'm guessing Chef's mood. The core menu items that will usually make it to the dance are Foie Gras, Escargot, Elemental Soup, Duck Breast, Filet Mignon and Seafood. Sometimes he knocks these dishes out of the park while other times they FAIL. The most recent menu 3/2011 was not particularly my favorite. The Elemental soup was basically a water based Mushroom Boullion and it was weak. The Calamari was very, very, very amateure and the Duck failed to impress. Some highlights of Beau's recent menu were the Foie, and the 5 spice pork osso buco??? The pork with the Buddah buns really hit on all points.  The reason I give this place 4 stars is because it well deserves it. The reason in which I don't give 5 is because I order around 7-8 dishes and every time most impress but there is always one or two that are complete misses and I get pissed. Foie Gras pudding....nope, Dayboat Scallops were really missing there nutty, buttery sweetness and the sear on these gigantic suckers was not present. Others however like Escargot pot pie / Escargot Wontons and the most recent Escargot spring rolls wrapped in phyllo was killer. I trust Beau with every Foie dish and any Pork dish. The Kurabata Pork Belly Fried Rice is Killer.  Make your reservation for an outside table about 40 minutes prior to sunset for what I consider to be one of the best locations to enjoy an excellent dinner with a beautifull sunset. Enjoy!!
5	Made a last minute reservation here for 5 and was able to sit outside and enjoy the view and sunset.  I can't really add much except confirm that it really is amazing.  The food was good and the service was very nice and not aloof at all.  Make sure you request Jessica as she was very nice to my young son and helped us to feel comfortable and enjoy the experience.
5	I am still thinking about the miso-glazed salmon, and we dined there four days ago . . . I am the kind of person who bases my reviews of a restaurant not only on the food, but the ambiance, and pretty much weigh them equally when determining my rating. Elements satisfied both those categories and more. Just driving up to the Sanctuary where you are greeted by friendly valets makes you feel special. They ask if you have been there before and wish you a great time, telling you you'll have a special evening. Maybe that puts everyone in a positive frame of mind to begin with. The restaurant itself is striking. We arrived just as the sun was setting. We walked out on the deck/patio and watched for a few minutes. At the same time we were able to see the spectacular pool and grounds of the resort as well as the lively goings on on the deck. Everyone looked like they were having the best time! This is definitely the place to go for just drinks! We made our reservation with Open Table. When Elements called to confirm, I asked for a booth with a great view, and that is exactly what we received. Our waiter was enthusiastic, but not over the top. We asked a lot of questions about menu items and he offered his suggestions. He was patient with my needing more time to decide, and he was not confounded when I asked him which entree was a better choice, when clearly I asked him to compare apples and oranges. Usually, I get the answer, "which do you prefer, beef or fish?" I like a waiter who is confident in manner and trusts that in either instance I will have a great meal so he's not afraid to give a direct answer. On to the food . . . hubby had the Island Creek oysters and the elemental soup which was lobster bisque with corn. He thought the oysters were just perfect and the soup, which he didn't even offer me a spoonful, perfection. My cousin had the spinach and frisee salad, which she thought was so clean and fresh. I ordered the dungeness crab and spinach hot pie for the table to share. It came with perfectly seasoned taro chips. The "hot pie" was rich and creamy. One bite would cover Weight Watchers points for an entire day! Needless to say, we scooped up every bite with the taro chips and then used the spoon to polish off every last bit of it! Hubby had the bacon wrapped filet of beef with garlic mash, blue cheese, balsamic onions, merlot demi glace. I did get a bite of his filet, and it melted in my mouth. Hubby said the combined flavors of the beef with the garlic, blue cheese and balsamic onions were superb. My cousin had the duck. She had a hard time making up her mind, but said that she definitely made the right choice. She was so happy. I can't speak to the dish myself since I didn't have a taste. I ordered the miso glazed organic salmon with skillet roasted vegetables, somen noodles, toasted coriander. I generally do not order salmon in restaurants as my hubby makes the best salmon around, but since our waiter said that they were known for this dish, I went for it. Wow! Perfectly cooked (I think this might be a first for a restaurant in my experience)! It far surpassed hubby's version (sorry :( ) Everything about this dish was top notch. As I said above . . . I'm still savoring it in my mind. We opted to skip dessert, but they brought the check with three warm 5-spice chocolate chip cookies. Yum! Elements is now at the top of my list for special occasions, and maybe less than special occasions. Do I really have to wait for another special occasion to go back? Oh, my birthday is in three weeks!!! You'll see me there!
3	If my review were solely based on the food, I would have only given them 2 stars.  However, the maitre d' offered to makes amends by discounting our bill.  Everything we have was terribly salty and we mentioned this the waitress who in turn mentioned it to him.  It was my birthday and we had been looking forward to trying Elements for quite awhile.  We started with the crab and spinach hot pot.  It was good, but not great.  The dish had a soy sauce finish that lingered on our palates.  It wasn't bad, it just seemed rather unsophisticated.  I had the special .... a pan seared rib eye with lobster risotto and my husband had the duck.  The duck breast also was served with a leg portion that so dry , it was inedible.  Besides both dishes being way too salty, they were very uninspiring for a high end gourmet restaurant.   We expected to be "wowed" and the food did not aspire to anything close. The highlight of the meal was the complementary dessert .... a chocolate and peanut butter concoction that was very good.In addition to the food being a disappointment, the service was less than stellar.  It took an hour from the time we order until our entrees arrived.  We received our appetizers in a timely manner and then were served the sorbet.  After that, it was at least 20 mins. before the main courses arrived.  Our water glasses were never refilled (and we really needed them to be) and the entire service was rather aloof.  I think we saw our waitress a total of 4 times after we were seated .... when she brought us our drinks and take our order, to ask if we needed our drinks refilled, to serve the dessert and bring us the bill.  We will give Elements one more try, but there may be too many short comings for them to overcome.  If you read some of the other reviews here, they aren't getting 4-5 stars because of the food.  Most people are giving them extra stars because of the views and ambiance.
5	The Elements restaurant at Sanctuary is truly a sanctuary place to be in, tucked away in a quiet resort with a great view of Camelback mountain.  Classy, elegant, and modern, it's has a romantic atmosphere and great for a date.  They even had a live band  the night we were there creating a cozy atmosphere.    The appetizer course that we shared was a duck and foie gras shumai.  Talk about fusion food: Chinese and French blend.  An odd combination, but surprisingly palatable.   The grilled foie gras on top tasted like a moist steak.  The duck confetti filling paired well with the strong flavor of the foie gras.  The teriyaki sauce added another Asian touch.   On to the main course: plancha grilled halibut and a mustard crusted Colorado rack of lamb.   The halibut was simply just ok, nothing too special.  The skin was crispy, but the fish was a bit dry.  I was wanting a citric taste from the lemon shellfish broth, but it didn't add too much flavor to the dish.   The medium rare rack of lamb store the show that night.  Tender and juicy at the same time, I found my euphoria.  The taste was strong, but not overpowering that I can still taste the tender texture of the lamb.   Definitely order medium rare to achieve this masterpiece in your mouth.  You won't regret it!  As always, another chocolate dessert for this chocoholic.  The PB bomb: I just had to order because of the creative name.  Wonderfully present, this dessert was basically a very rich and fancy Reese's peanut butter cup.   Heaven in my mouth for sure.    Another thing to look for at Elements is the bar at happy hour.  It had a relaxing atmosphere, something you wouldn't see in the trendy Scottsdale location.  The food selection isn't that wide or even that great, however the alcohol is high quality at a low price.  They had fresh ingredients and high-end liquor.  It was also fun sitting at the bar watching the bartender make my drink.  I still gave it a 5 stars even with the so-so fish, but everything else that I experienced made it wonderful in my book.  But I gotta hand it to Elements for making the place so irresistible.  This is a place for foodies to come and retreat for a relaxing evening of good food and good music.
5	Was invited to have dinner with some friends.  Located at the Sanctuary Resort, this elegant restaurant provided an awesome dining experience!  The decor is very modern and the service was excellent!  Now, on to the food....I ordered:Local Organic Greens (Chinese Long Beans, Toasted Nori, Soy Sesame Vinaigrette, $10)Pan Roasted Free Range Chicken (Garlic Mashed Potatoes, Chinese Broccoli, Lemongrass Pan Jus, $28)Glass of Orin Swift "Prisoner" Red Blend Zinfandel (Napa, $17)The Organic Greens were very tasty.  The Soy Sesame Vinaigrette was tangy and went very well with the Greens.  The Chicken was amazing, so tasty and juicy!Overall, it was a great night.....good food and good times!Return Factor - 100%
5	Here is all I can say about this place:* Phenomenal ambiance * Top notch service* Delicious foodEverything I tried was excellent and there wasn't one thing I wouldn't order again.  I could eat a bucket of the mac n' cheese alone.Chef Beau Macmillian stopped by our table which was awesome.  He really is a great person and excellent chef.Also, the Edge Bar is one of my all time favorite bars and when the weather is nice I can sit out there all day and all night sipping drinks and enjoying the view.Can't say enough great things about this place.  I can't wait to return.
3	Enjoyed a sunset dinner overlooking the valley last Sunday evening.  The views and surroundings were spectacular.  Our server was charming and low key.  Unfortunately, the food did not impress.   We began the meal with cocktails; the bar was out of their delicious yuzu/beet juice libation.  We made due with watery martinis.-- We ordered the soft shell crab appetizer, also unavailable. --The oysters appetizer was heavily laden with a cream sauce, robbing the diner of any semblance of an oyster beneath.--The escargot and mushroom wonton (with basil oil) appetizer was a standout. Wonderful combination of flavors and silky textures.Main course:--Udon noodles with mussels/clams and bok choy.  This dish was OK. The briny flavor of the shellfish provides all the substance to the sauce. But where was the bok choy?--Lobster ravioli with rock shrimp, chorizo, tomato jam and english peas was excellent. The ravioli is stuffed with luscious chunks of tender lobster and the pasta shell was meltingly tender. The shrimp and peas were cooked to just past raw, offering a wonderful counterpoint in texture to the ravioli. The chorizo really made the dish by lending a smooth smokey punch and fragrance to the dish. This one is a winner.The final bill was huge.  Do try Elements for sunset cocktails and an appetizer and then, find your dinner elsewhere.
5	Unsurpassed !!!!Our Dinner in the new "Praying Monk" dining area of Elements was fantastic... the view... spectacular!! The new dining area is awesome... more intimate and less "active" then then the main dining room, with warm wood tones and floor to ceiling sliding glass doors that permit uninterrupted views of Paradise Valley!  We noticed 2 outdoor seating areas, which, in cooler weather...would be PRIME SEATING!!!We started  with *ahi tuna tartar and the elemental soup ... both were amazing...  the Tuna, perfectly balanced on a bed of seasoned cucumber "pasta" coupled with 3 sesame pancakes... the squash soup was velvety with a "tempura"  squash blossom floating as a center piece... a perfect beginning...Our salads were perfect; the Caesar was lightly dressed and far from the gloppy mess that many establishments offer... the  tomato & watermelon mosaic salad was AMAZING... perfectly ripened heirloom tomatoes, fresh "shaved" watermelon and a flavorful  charred pepper sorbet .. the light herbed dressing that was "whispered" on the plate enhanced the entire dish ... My guest enjoyed the nights special,  grilled Lamb... which, I didn't get a chance to review.  It apparently was so good... he didn't want to share.  I enjoyed a perfectly cooked pan roasted free range chicken "kung pao" style.  I was pleased that  the Kung Pao seasoning was engaged with the pearl pasta so I was able enjoy the chick two ways... natural & succulent...however I could also enlist the pasta to add the Kung Pao flavor.  The additional sides ordered were the  truffled mac n' cheese.. much lighter then expected, and the tender, tender, tender  grilled asparagus... YUM!!!Deserts enjoyed were the german chocolate cake & coconut gelato along with the strawberry rhubarb funnel cake & buttermilk ice cream.  Both were decedent... but the coconut gelato was soooooooo good, we had to order another scoop.I used to enjoy eating at the tables "nudged" up against the large windows facing the pool in the main dining room... but now that I've experienced the Praying Monk room... there will be no going back... the new dining area really is special!!!
5	Was recently in Scottsdale and went to Elements for a birthday celebration! All I can say is Elements has absolutely the best happy hour in all of Scottsdale, hands down! Drinks are $6.00 for designer cocktails (had the blueberry/taragon collins) and appetizers are $6.00 for generous portions that are delectable! Ordered the pork sliders, house made potato chips, and the hummus with vegetables. Waitstaff was attentive and efficient. Honestly, the appetizers and drinks would have been enough to feed my family of five. The cocktails offered on the happy hour menu are refreshingly creative (we all tasted each other's cocktails and couldn't decide who had the best). Everything was delicious and the view fantastic. What a wonderful place to get out of the desert sun and enjoy some libations! Will definitely make it a point to dine there every time I'm in Scottsdale!
4	Great view, really good food, nice Asian theme to the food. Good service. I would go back for sure.
3	Food = excellent.  Service = a whole lot to be desired.  My friends and I stayed at the Sanctuary and decided to try out elements.  The setting is gorgeous.  The views can't be beat.  The ambiance is divine.  And all this is lost when it takes 20 minutes for your server to come take your drink order.  I will say that if you are willing to deal with slow service, then this is the place for you.  The food was EXCELLENT.  But having to wait for service, it just lost its luster.All in all, please take a try.  But just be prepared to wait your turn.
5	This is a spot when you want to splurge on gourmet food, or you're celebrating. I've been here 3 or 4 times. I had my 30th bday on the Edge lounge with a group of about 20 friends, and just had drinks and appetizers. Another time on Valentines day with my husband, and then recently about 2 months ago for my friends engagement celebration. Absolutely the best spot with a great view in the Phoenix area! I bring visitors here in the daytime for coffee to enjoy the view. As far as the food, I had the grilled tofu special with a sauce that had wasabi, it was sooo good. A blend of soft, crunchy, sweet and spicy all blended to perfection. A side of truffle oil mac n cheese was a great pairing. All the desserts looked yummy, I think we tried the cheesecake. The only reason I gave it 5 stars was because of the ambiance the decor, and for the food with an amazing view! The only downer was the poor service we got the last time I was there, the server was slow and not that intuitive. You would expect over the top service for a pricey restaurant like this.
4	This is a combined review of Elements and Jade bar, because I spent 6 hours here recently on an indulgent day of eating and drinking.  Two of us met for lunch on a Thursday at 12:30, and were almost entirely alone in the restaurant for the duration. Thusly, our service was impeccable. We both started with an order of shishito peppers, the soup of the day which was a light creamy lobster and artichoke soup (!!!!!), and an order of edamame wontons. We split our entrees, the braised brisket sandwich and the turkey burger, both of which were tasty and filling.  During the course of the lunch we also enjoyed a glass of champagne each, a half bottle of Sancerre and a full bottle of Pinot Noir, which we ended up bringing over to Jade bar around 3:30pm. Bartender Steve graciously welcomed us to the sparsely populated bar and we chatted about drink trends and we ordered our first round: for me the uva bella and for Kat, the dragon's tonic. I thought both were delicious. As the afternoon turned into evening we started telling Steve what liquors and or what flavors we liked and he started created off-menu drinks for us to taste test. That was dangerously delicious. By 5:30 the bar was packed and we were well into our third round. I finished up with a moscow mule with extra ginger in it that did not disappoint and then abandoned ship in favor of going home to hold onto the floor for dear life. It was a spectacular day with great company and a great Sanctuary staff. I would be back at that bar in a minute for anything Steve wants to mix up, he is truly as talented as his predecessors.
5	If there ever were a restaurant in the valley that made me think that I had died and gone to foodie heaven, it's Elements. Not only is the food top notch, but the entire ambiance, inside and out, is fantastic. Who'd have thought being seated in the back corner would be the perfect spot? Not only did we have a nice view of the Sanctuary's pool and several parts of the resort, but we were also treated to a breathtaking angle of the sun setting over the mountain. It was the perfect romantic setting for an anniversary dinner. I had very high expectations and the food exceeded them. We started with the bbq duck confit. I cannot give a description of the chickpea pancake it's served in justice. I will only say that this was far and away the best duck I have ever had. For entrees we enjoyed the bbq short ribs "korean style" and char grilled flat iron. The short ribs were tender and fell apart with every scrape of the fork as they should. The sauce was incredible. I am convinced that it could have been poured on anything to make it good. The flat iron steak was wonderful. Perfectly cooked and well complimented by the corn spoonbread and mushrooms it was served with. My girlfriend rarely eats red meat, and she was not disappointed that we almost exclusive consumed beef products. We weren't even given the chance to look at the dessert menu. I had mentioned it was our one year anniversary when the waitress casually asked if we were celebrating anything. A few moments after our dinner plates were taken, the waitress returned with a beautifully presented plate filled with what I can only describe as a chocolate dome, with a scoop of chocolate ice cream, and little black balls around it. The plate had "happy Anniversary" piped on it. It turns out it was their pb bomb. Chocolate peanut butter decadence! The little black balls were pop rocks. I don't know who was brilliant enough to put a gimmicky snack into a classy dessert. But you, my friend, are indeed a culinary genius. I can now see why Chef Beau Macmillian is a regular on the Food Network. His menu is delicious. I cannot wait to return.
4	I've been to Elements twice now, and love, love, love the views at sunset and the revamped patio dining area! I have only dined here on special holidays with prix-fixe menus, so I can't comment on regular offerings, but my selections have been excellently prepared and presented, and the cocktails are fun and delicious! I find the service to be little hit-or-miss--the first time, it was 5-star superb, and the second, about 2.5 out of 5, but that could have been due to large holiday crowds. I will definitely return when my pocketbook allows! ;-)
5	Beau may have a great big personality with a big laugh and slightly rich view of himself, but so do lots of men.  There is one thing this man does that the others don't.  He creates and works tirelessly to produce amazingly unique food.  I attended only one of the Lunch and Learn events this summer, and that makes me a little sad.  This year we "experienced" the Friday night event in Room XII.  It was unforgettable. I love attending these things b/c you may never get  a chance for that meal again.  This meal included corn chowder with a scallop, bacon-egg salad which was so much more complex than that description,  the best sea bass I have ever tasted, short rib, and then an incredible pancotta carmel luxury take on cracker jacks. PLUS, wine pairings that were phenomenal. Wes, our server was fantastic and very patient as we were very "exuberant".  And, special guest Eddie thanks for being so fun!  If I were as talented as Beau and his staff I would be down right arrogant.
5	I've held off writing a review of Elements simply because I've never actually eaten off the house menu. This review is based on the sheer awesomeness of how Executive Chef Beau Macmillan runs the place and the amazing opportunities that he provides. During the summer Elements hosts a Lunch and Learn, where they bring in top notch chefs from around the valley, as well as celebrity chefs like Robert Irvine. I attended a Lunch and Learn event hosted by Geoffrey Zakarian, judge on Chopped and all around groovy guy. Over the course of several hours he whipped up three amazing courses (with wine pairings), demonstrating how to make each dish and answering questions. the atmosphere was relaxed and fun. Chef Macmillan was also there to answer questions and make jokes as well. What an amazing day! While at the lunch I made reservations for another event, the Table for 12 dinner. Essentially 12 people dine in a private room that is directly off the kitchen, with only a few glass doors separating you from the chaos. the chef of the evening was Petite Maisons' own James Porter. I'm not exaggerating when I say this was the most enjoyable dining experience of my life. The setting was intimate, Chefs Macmillan and Porter were on hand to discuss the courses, food in general and any other topic came up. The passion that they feel for food really came through. The food was amazing, the wine was perfect and the company could not be beat. Hanging out in The Jade bar afterwards with the staff was entertaining and educational (thanks David for the taco shop suggestions!). I'm completely blown away that Elements provides such amazing experiences. Based on this experience I will definitely return to Elements, and I'm headed for Petite Maison. Truly amazing
3	The food was great, but we had a bad service experience. After being seated it took at least 5 minutes for our waiter to acknowledge us. Then it was another 5 minutes before he came back to take our drink orders. No one had brought us a cocktail menu even though the place is known for great cocktails, so we asked for one. That took 5 more minutes. Then it was at least 10 minutes before he came back to take the orders, then another 10 for the drinks to arrive. When the waiter came with the drinks we had to ask him not to leave because we didn't know how long it would be before he came back to take dinner orders. Apparently you can't get bread until you've ordered, because even though we asked for it, it never arrived until after we had ordered. I was about 2 minutes away from finding a manager to complain to, something I had never done. Every table around us had drinks and dinner before we had even ordered dinner.I had met my friends in Phoenix, and they had just flown in from the east coast, so it was after midnight their time before we finally got food. Although the food was amazing they were practically falling into their plates from exhaustion.The drinks we finally got were amazing. I had a cosmo-type thing with jalapeno muddled in. Really different and delicious. My friend had the grapfruit-basil martini which was also delicious.I had the goat cheese/spinach salad appetizer and it was great, except a little too heavy on the dressing.For entrees, two friends had the salmon which they loved and raved about all week. Another friend had the chicken and she was pleasantly surprised by it. I had the shrimp and pasta carbonara. I don't usually order shrimp dishes, and I loved it. The shrimp were gigantic and so flavorful. It was rich, but worth it.We were too exhausted to consider dessert, because of the service issues.I'm not sure our service problem was a one-off. I went back for breakfast and lunch during our stay at the Sanctuary and wasn't impressed either time. For breakfast I ordered eggs benedict with the eggs "not too runny." They came literally hard boiled. I pointed this out to the waitress and she offered to take it back, but I had already waited awhile and didn't want to spend more of my vacation time waiting for food. At the end of the meal I again expressed my disappointment, but was offered no compensation, not even a comped iced tea. At lunch, the filet cobb salad was delcicious, but I had to flag down the staff for more iced tea, which was difficult since I was in a booth facing the window with no easy access to any of the staff or other diners.
5	Amazing dinner in the indoor/outdoor room overlooking the pool. Gorgeous magical setting. The food was fabulous. I dream about the truffle mac and cheese we had.  The service was outstanding as well. Katie went above and beyond for us!
2	This update is based on dining there last May.  It was a surprise birthday dinner for one of the guests.  Server didn't seem well groomed and needed to brush his teeth.  Drinks were empty for extended periods.  My fish was undercooked and the manager didn't seem that worried about it when I pointed it out to him.  Food quality declined for sure.  The tuna appetizer was good though and the view as always made for a nice atmosphere.  Most everyone was content with the food but no one raved about it.  The server dropped dessert menus when I had instructed a bday dessert tray w candle to come out.  Some one must've reminded him bc 5 min later he hastily picked up our dessert menus.  No coffee was offered and the bday guest wanted a cappaccino.  He didn't want to wait any longer so decided not to pursue it.  I was very annoyed with the server by now and thought that the bday guest should get a friggin cappaccino if he wanted one, so I went to some servers and asked them to bring one.  When the check came, the receipt with the added gratuity was behind another copy w out it and the credit card slips so the person paying nearly tipped again but caught it before he did.  Very very disappointing.  What happened to this place.
5	Dinner time at Iron Chef contestant Chef Beau Macmillian's restaurant.first off the ambiance was outstanding!  If you come here during fall as we did, try to get there before sunset.  the restaurant overlooks the rocks and they look amazing as the sky changes colors.for starters we had seared foie gras and the firey calamari.  Our 9 year old nephew LOVED the seared foie gras.  it was his first time ever having it and i have to agree with him, it was pretty tasty.  the calamari was excellent as well...  not too chewy, lightly crusted, and the arugula salad underneath soaked up the sauces very nicely.for my entree i ordered the smoked pork tenderloin.  i ordered it cooked to medium and it came out perfectly...  i mean PERFECTLY!  the pork itself was packed with so much wonderful flavor.  then the buttnut puree add this wonderfully silky element...  so delicious!  i would order this meal again.my fiance ordered the NY steak.  the butternut squash was sweet and balanced out the flavor of the beef well, but i've had better steak...his cousin ordered the bacon wrapped filet which was WAY better in my opinion.  the mushroom hash was made with wild mushrooms and was very tasty.  i'd get this meal for sure!the nephew's meal consisted of the kid's mac and cheese and fries.  i wish that he had ordered the truffled mac and cheese as their version seemed to taste like it was made out of a certain blue box, but the fries were wonderful.as we were leaving the vallets chatted us up and very very amusing.  great personalities!all in all we had a fantastic experience at Chef Beau's restaurant.!
4	There are a lot of great places to enjoy 'finer' dining in Scottsdale/Phoenix, but Elements has by far the best backdrop in the Valley.  Beautiful place to eat in a great setting.  The meal will be pricey, but I feel the food and ambiance are well worth it.  Great, but expensive, bar area with comfortable seating and again, great views of the Valley.
5	AwesomeThis restaurant is run by Beau McMillian.  It's a great place for an evening dinner.   I started with the Butternut soup which was by far the best I've ever had.  EVER.The waitress recommended the short ribs, which is cooked Korean style.  She was not wrong.  Some of the best I've ever had.The atmosphere is very intimate even though it's wide open.  The lighting was perfect and the open firepits added an ambiance.  I can highly recommend this place, but especially good if you want to impress a date, or may to propose.   Again just awesom
5	Gorgeous end to a trip in AZ. We started the evening out watching the sunset on the Edge with a great waitress, Amber. She also assisted us in getting a great seat in the restaurant where we proceeded just after sunset. Cameron greeted us with a friendly smile and lovely dinner suggestions. I got the Bacon Wrapped Filet... Amazing! The best meal of the bunch was Korean BBQ. It was out of this world!
5	Great view, great food, great service ...reservations needed.Top of the line with vallet service.You will score points here!
5	Chef Beau McMillian is one amazing chef! He left me with one of the most memorable dining experiences I have ever had. The lobster bisque was fantastic! The seafood platter had the biggest shrimp I have ever seen. and the peanut butter chocolate dessert was sooooo glorious! Not much more I can say but wow! fantastic food and and great service I can't wait to go back:-)
5	My husband and I were in Scottsdale for a business trip he was on.  The trip fell two days after his 40th birthday, and, as a treat, I wanted to take him to a nice restaurant to celebrate.  Elements did not disappoint us at all.  In fact, it far exceeded our expectations.  We arrived earlier than our reservation so we had a pre-dinner drink at Jade Bar, which overlooks the Camelback Mountains.  Though it was was chilly outside, we sat on a cozy couch next to a heat lamp.  The mood lighting was perfect, the noise level was perfect, the cocktails were divine.  It's a bit pricey, but well worth it.  For a starter, my husband had the Citrus Cured Pork Belly with a blackberry teriyaki sauce, which he said literally melted in his mouth.  I had the Butternut Squash and Marscapone soup.  If it wasn't inappropriate to lick the bowl, I would have done so.  I also had the Fiery Calamari, with banana peppers, and I was more than pleased with this dish.  The calamari was not rubbery and, instead, tasted like silk on my tongue.  For our main, my husband had the Bacon Wrapped Fillet of Beef and I had the Free Range Chicken Breast; we shared the Truffled Mac & Cheese.  I have nothing negative to say about any of these dishes, as they were some of the best I have ever had the pleasure to be served and pay for.  The service was outstanding, with our waiter (Ryan K.) being very attentive and making us feel like we were his most important guests.  We never felt rushed or that we were making him do something he'd rather not do.  Even when we were done with our meal and just wanted to rest for a while before trying to walk our full bellies out of the door, Ryan kept checking on us and told us to take our time.  We would have liked to meet Chef Beau Macmillan, but he was not working the night we went.  But that just means we'll have to go back to Scottsdale and eat at Elements again -- something I am not opposed to in the least.
5	Love the views and the best salmon dish in the city!!!!!!
5	Starting with the valet the service here is impeccable. Once in the restaurant it has nice decor with heat lamps using flames all around the restaurant. We were seated facing the city with a mountain view. The walls in front of us were slid open so we were essentially outside. Amazing and romantic setting. For appetizers, my wife had the fire roasted oysters.  Has to be some of the best oysters we've ever had!  Crusty on the top but juicy underneath.  I had the citrus cured pork belly with currants. Very nice and tasty although I would have preferred the outside of the pork be more crusty with the inside moist. It was still very good. For entrees we had the scallops with lobster dumplings and the Kubota pork chop with 5 spice and hoison sauce.  Both dishes were amazing although the pork chop was the best. We were a little disappointed that the scallop entree came with TWO scallops. For that price we'd expected more but they were tasty. We also had the glazed carrots which were spectacular.  A good selection of wine rounded out the dinner. For dessert we had the PB bomb. Incredible. And it was sized perfect to share after the meal. If you haven't been there it's worth the visit for a romantic dinner.
5	Picture this: a warm, intimate, 5-star dinner... watching the Arizona sun setting on the mountains. Elements MADE my cross-country trip to AZ worth wile.
2	I had expected a lot from this restaurant.  The resort is top notch and I had seen Beau MacMillian on the Food Network and was a fan.  I came with four friends and cowokers tonight to sample Elements.  The calimari was absolutely delicious.  The pork belly smaller dish was quite tasty as well.  I had asked the waiter for advice regarding the size of the smaller dishes and had been advised that were all of the size to share so I was disapointed when we had ordered the pork and shrimp dumplings and it turned out that only two potsticker shaped dumplings arrived for our group of five and they were quite chewy and no one cared for them.  The tuna tartare at $19 was okay but not very flavorful.I had ordered the scallops entree which at $38 was quite disappointing.  One of the scallops was not seared at all and the sauce was icky.    I ate less than half the entree but the servers did not seem to notice this.  The string beans had a delicious sauce but me and my tablemates agreed that the texture left a lot to be desired so most was left uneaten.  This is the first time that I have spent over $100 on a dinner for one and have left disappointed, Santuary at Camel Back is a beautiful resort but I feel like there is some fine tuning to be done to its restaurant to justify its hype and cost.
5	I was expecting greatness and was not disappointed.  My fiancee and I have been wanting to go here ever since we saw Chef Beau McMillian on The Next Iron Chef so I made reservations for her birthday.  We drove up and were greeted by the complimentary valet.  We sat at a great table that gave us an amazing view of Camelback Mountain during sunset.  The waiter was awesome and recommended the fiery calamari as an appetizer.  To my suprise, they even split the appetizer on two separate plates so we didn't have to awkwardly share one plate.  The appetizer so good that it is going to be difficult to order calamari in the future from other restaurants.  For dinner, I had the short ribs and my fiancee the pork chop.  Both dishes were great although I did prefer my short ribs.  The dish included a Korean inspired glaze, jasmine rice, and a fried egg which was a great compliment.   For dessert, they brought out a peanut butter and chocolate dish that was unbelievable.
3	Yeah, I know...only three stars.  Let me explain before you get all up in my grill about it.  Two years ago, this review would have been five stars, no problem.  But alas, it is not two years ago any more, and our last visit may have been our last visit.  Not that is was catastrophically horrible, but it just didn't pack the same punch it once did.  From the first greet by the valet dudes to last farewell, everyone is super nice.  But the problem for me was the waiting and the food...the server came by to say hello, and then we waited.  And then he came back and we got our drink orders in...and waited.  Then he finally came back and we got to order our food: don't remember what my woman ordered, but I decided on the filet (yeah, I know meat?! It was a while ago) and we both ordered salad to start.  The salad was good, had some tasty beets, nothing too cray cray.  It took a long time for the entrees to come out, all the while our server seemed to be too busy to check in much and stuff was taking forevs.  Look, I get it, I'm in the restaurant industry too...but I ordered my steak medium rare peeps.  When it finally did arrive I was pretty disappointed.  In the middle it was kind of medium and outside it was more like medium well to well done.  WHAT?! BLASPHEMER!!!! The bacon that was wrapped around it was pretty foul and the bleu cheese that sat atop was just meh.  We haven't been back since and I have to say, I thought about this place for Valentine's day and when I thought back to this lackluster experience, it helped me decide on another restaurant instead.
2	What a place!  What a view!  WHAT THE HECK?I came here with my wife the Sunday before Valentine's.  It was my first time there and boy is it beautiful.  We pulled up in awe and had the valet take the car.  Hostes was nice and said we could sit in the bar or patio (both have great views).  After walking around and weighing our options we chose the bar with a seat by the window.  It was very dead as they were transitioning from brunch to dinner (it was around 2 or 3).So, we sat down at the bar and waited...  and waited... and waiters and bartenders were walking by and cleaning...  and we kept waiting trying to get someones attention.We waited some more...  WE LEFT.Are you kidding me?!  My wife is georgous and we were both dressed to the 9's.  How does waiter after waiter ignor us?  There were only 2 other people in the bar/loung area.We tipped the valet (he didn't do anything wrong) and he asked us why were were leaving so quickly.  We told him and to his credit he wanted to go get a manager but the "romance" was gone so we headed down the road to Olive and Ivy to relax on their patio.Hope your experiance is better than ours.
5	WOW what a treat.  Elements is a spectacular restaurant.  you really get a hollywood vibe here.  And the accessional celebrity will be seen there.  Scarlet Johansson has been spotted there.  The menu is outstanding.  the drinks are also so good served from the Jade Bar.  the views are worth the price alone but do not overshadow the excellent food.  this is a hot trendy slick place to enjoy a delicious meal in the Scottsdale area.
5	The food and service was excellent, well deserved 5 star rating.  While it was a little out of the way, I'm so happy we were turned on to it!  Elements has one of the most romantic views at sunset!  And a stroll around the grounds is enchanting.  I highly recommend even a drink at the bar at sunset!   Amazing!!!
5	We began with a drink at the bar. What a great way to start off the evening, but the best was yet to come.  We were seated at a table for dinner with a spectacular view and were able to watch a beautiful sunset. The service was outstanding and the food was some of the best we have ever had anywhere.  It was a perfect dining experience from start to finish.
5	One of the best meals I have had in a long time, had the Butterfish (a great Japanese fish), the service was top notch and the ambiance is one of the best I have ever experienced. The view from our table was incredible, this place hits on all fronts. Too bad its so far from NYC :)
5	I have been wanting to visit Elements for a while now and I finally got my chance recently for my friends birthday brunch! She made a reservation  ahead of time for our group of 10 so they had no problem accommodating us. The resort is absolutely beautiful, we were seated near windows where we took in the beautiful views of the pool and the mountains. The service was great, our one server was very attentive and made sure that our champagne glasses were never empty! (huge points for that!!) The buffet had a great selection of salads, pastries and seafood, they also had a made to order omelet station as well. They also brought out plates of these yummy cinnamon rolls...OMG they were so decadent and I think they were sitting in a pool of maple syrup...I was in heaven!! After our group finished eating we went out to their lawn area where they had live music, we were prepared and brought our blankets and just hung out danced a bit, ordered  a couple of pictures of sangria and enjoyed a beautiful Sunday afternoon. I was caught a little off guard that we had to pay $10 to enter the music on the lawn area considering we had just finished eating brunch inside of the restaurant but other than that the day was very relaxing.I will definitely be back; I heard the drinks at the bar are amazing!
4	I went here for a birthday dinner for my boyfriend. It was great! I made my reservation at OpenTable and included in the notes it was for a birthday. We pulled up to the valet at the restaurant and at first went directly into the lobby, instead of the restaurant. Finding the hostess on the left, not right and further down, we were promptly seated with a great view next to the windows (which were sadly covered with a curtain for the first half of dinner but the side let us sneak a peak at a beautiful wedding). The service was great. The waiter immediately wished the boyfriend a happy birthday which was a nice touch. Things ordered:Moscow Mule: a was very refreshing and light ginger cocktailCitrus pork belly: very tender and cooked perfectly pairing wonderfully with the tart and sweet pomegranate and dried cranberries, but both of us found the mustard a little too harsh at times"Elements feature" Ribeye with succotash and crab: perfectly cooked but not really wowedMaple leaf farms duck: Cooked well, loved the leg and crispy skin, good forbidden black rice, neither of us cared for the bok choyThey then surprised us with the pb bomb complete with birthday candle! No complaints here. It was amazing! I loved the peanut butter mouse enveloped in chocolate with a side of ice cream (the boyfriend thought their should be more ice cream but it would have thrown off the plating). All in all, it was a wonderful experience for a special occasion complete with sunset views, great service, and good food.
5	Date night! We sat at a choice table to enjoy the sunset. Always great food and drinks.
5	Best fine dining in Scottsdale area. We were seated outside the last time we went and had a fabulous view. It couldn't have been better.The cocktail list is amazing - lots of unique drinks -- all great -- must try when you go. We've mostly ordered the specials and have loved everything we've eaten. The seafood is amazing. You will not be disappointed.
4	This lovely restaurant from executive chef Beau MacMillan is set inside the Sanctuary Resort between on the north side of Camelback Mountain. The resort looks gorgeous and might make a lovely overnight getaway or honemoon retreat. We live in the area, so we were here to celebrate a birthday dinner. The little bar (Jade) has friendly service and super-high top tables. I did have trouble climing up and down in a short dress. Our martinis were excellent - I had the 11th Generation Martini with gin, raspberry, peach tea, and honey; and hubby had the Blood Orange Basil with grey goose. They were both tasty, but his was better. We shared the spiced edamame and they came with quite a kick. Tasty, salty, and spicy. Our table was a lovely little booth for two and as the sun set, it made for quite a spectacular view overlooking the resort and valley towards the north. My dinner choice was the double cut pork chop with sweet potatoes. The maple glaze on the chop was quite good, but it was a bit tough through the interior. The sweet potatoes were way too salty. Soft, flavorful, but even my salt-lovin' hubby said it was too much. He had the chilean sea bass which was perfect. Flaky white fish in a great broth with bok choy. We shared the pork-belly fried rice which was a true hit. Birthday desert with a candle was their signature peanut butter chocolate bomb. The peanut butter creme was a luscious delight covered with a rich chocolate shell. Service was pretty good considering their was only one server in our entire area. There were two assistants helping her out, but we felt a bit neglected at times for water refills, etc. All around, a good meal. Pricy, spicy, but good. Oh, and make reservations!
4	Sorry for my lateness but I wanted to update everyone that after my review I was contacted by management, apologized to, and asked back for another chance. I WILL be back just as soon as it cools down and update my review then.Everyone deserves a second chance to make things right.I appreciate the professionalism and attention to customer service. I'm looking forward to it.
5	Had dinner there with family on Saturday. Celebrated an anniversary with my in-laws who love this restaurant.I had the biggest pork chop I have ever seen. It was delicious and really hit the spot.I tried the Carrot soup which had ginger and coconut in it. Outstanding. The wine selection was great and our table had a few bottles to compliment the dinner.The view there is terrific and the service was great as well.
4	This is a fantastic spot for views & a healthy lunch!  Love the Bento boxes...all under 400 calories & delicious!  Keep it up Sanctuary!
4	Good food, was here for a work lunch.I had the Miso Salmon Bento Box and it was delicious along with the Cucumber Salad. The prices aren't outrageous for lunches and they didn't appear to be busy so you can get in and get a table. Views are amazing.
5	First time seeing Chef MacMillan in person, combined with thunderstorms careening over rock formations in the backdrop made the this dining experience surreal. Even with the rain, Elements was alive and active. The dining area works like a well oiled machine with a casual but attentive service that makes one feel comfortable. For those dining there in the Summer, they do have a prix fix menu (though you'll have to request it, as its not overtly advertised). It is certainly worth a look as it includes a three course meal for $40/person. The size of the courses are the same as ordering off the regular menu, which really makes this a steal. My wife had ordered the lobster bisque and I had ordered the kale salad. They accidentally brought out two soups, but when noticing their mistake allowed us to keep it and brought out the salad. The food is high quality, as would be expected from a restaurant such as this. More importantly, we left full and completely satisfied. Chef MacMillan has lived up to his celebrity status and makes Elements a must-dine if visiting the Scottsdale area.
5	Attended the Table 12 Lunch & Learn event with guest Chef Mel Mecinas and was truly blown away.  I have previously eaten off of the house menu, so was expecting just as spectacular presentation as Chef Beau Macmillan presents - I was not disappointed.Our party started the night at Jade, which I have written a review for previously.  Great place, wont go into much detail there.The meal started with with an entree of a rare tuna, bacon, asparagus, and hollandaise sauce.  Second course was Korean short ribs, brussel spouts, and lotus root kimchi.  For dessert, twas a bourbon banana creme with carmel popcorn and candied walnuts.The meal could not have been more amazing, and the service was just as good.  Have already booked the event on Aug 18.
4	What a beautiful setting for luxury dining and sunset watching! Just as the sun is about to set, the electronic shades lift seamlessly and very Bond-like to reveal the sun kissed mountains and orange blush sky. People who often say that Arizona is dry and barren should come here and see just how different it can be!Memorable food items included:    Braised short ribs entree with sticky rice, brussel sprout and bacon kimichi with Korean BBQ sauce.  - This is a must order!     Duck confit mooshu chickpea crepe appetizer -unique in flavor and texture     Fiery calamari appetizer - just the right amount of spice     Lobster bisque (soup of the day) - Rich and delicious      Truffle whipped potatoes side dish - Addicting and irresistible Summer prix fixe: (this menu changes daily and must be requested)     Rock shrimp over pork belly and Basil fried rice - really good     Chicken breast dish over mashed potatoes, but not the truffle whipped potatoes - my friend enjoyed her dish, but also just described it as "good"     Lava cake with vanilla gelato - Perfectly done!Our group was celebrating a birthday, so the waitress brought out a special PB Bomb dessert on the house with the words, "Happy birthday" written in chocolate. They also brought out 4 yummy cookies along with our bill. We felt really spoiled by our wonderful, patient waitress (I say patient because it took us forever to decide what we wanted at first. She didn't rush us and thoroughly explained our dish choices to help us decide what to order). Thanks Elements and staff for making our friend's birthday so special and memorable!
4	The scene was absolutely lovely. Tall floor-to-ceiling windows, low lighting, a waiter willing to change up our shaky table, live jazz....I need not go on about the ambiance as it was wonderful. It was a little chilly in the restaurant, but a gentleman's jacket always does the trick.On to the edibles: the wine selection is terrific and we both ended up with extremely fragrant reds that fit the mood perfectly. We started with the firecracker calamari - I don't care if you don't like seafood, order it. The sauce was unlike any sauce I've had with calamari and I would have eaten it by the spoonful if my lady-like conscience hadn't kicked in. I was so torn with the meatless fare because the options were so nice, but finally decided on the eggplant rolls. They however were extremely disappointing. For a place this pricey and exquisite on all levels, I would have expected perfectly cooked eggplant. But the under cooked aubergine was way too chewy and the sweet and sour sauce underwhelming. I anticipated a sauce as delicious as the appetizer, but instead got something that looked like it could easily have come from a bottle. Not impressed, but my significant other loved the short ribs.Overall, the service, wine and setting were beautiful and I would return to try other vegetarian options, but that eggplant needs some work. Or it needs to come off the menu. Or I need to have a few more glasses of wine to care less.
4	Celebrity chef restaurant?  Sounds overrated, but it's not.  The view is amazing, the ambiance is relaxed.  Service is friendly but not as top notch as you would expect.  The food is great.  It's a high end gastro pub asian fusion mash.  My kind of stuff.  Even the sides were great.
2	I rarely write a review, but I feel in this case I must.  My wife and I decided on Elements (at The Sanctuary) for our anniversary after narrowing down our top 3 choices of highly-rated restaurants...anticipating it would be a special experience. I will write about the good and the bad. We had reservations for 7PM.  We were told it would be a few minutes and the hostess apologized.  No problem...we went to the bar, had a cocktail, some friendly conversation with a gentleman playing in the band at the resort.  Our female bartender was very nice and attentive.  However, the few minutes turned into 45 minutes.  This is unacceptable considering we did have a reservation!  10 - 15 minutes I can understand, 45 minutes, not really.We did have a great, romantic view at our table.  Our primary waiter was cordial, but appeared to be rushed and really did not take the time to review some dishes.  Not the way I would have liked to have been treated after waiting 45 minutes.My appetizer, lentil soup, was excellent, unique and flavorful.  My wife raved about her oysters Rockefeller.  Her main course, was the braised short ribs which she also said were A+ in taste, texture, and tenderness.  After tasting hers, I agreed.However, I had the "rack of lamb", the special of the day.  Extremely disappointing.  For a "rack", there were only 2 very tiny ribs, one of which was just about 50% fat.  For a $40 main course and a special of the day, I was embarrassed for the restaurant.  On a positive note, the vegetables were excellent and cooked perfectly.Because it was our anniversary, the restaurant delivered a complimentary, very rich, delicious chocolate peanut butter mousse with Nutella which we shared.  A very nice touch.  However, not until we had eaten most of the desert did a new female server come over and ask if we wanted coffee.  Within one minute, our primary waiter came over and asked the same.  So, I was really not impressed with the food service considering the restaurants' reputation. .The car attendants were very friendly and responsive.  Overall, my wife's experience was about a 4-star.  Mine, 1.5 - 2-star.  With so many highly-rated restaurants in the Scottsdale/Paradise Valley/Phoenix area, I was deeply disappointed in my dining experience here, especially for a highly anticipated, special occasion evening.  Not sure If I will be back here due to my disillusioned experience.Frank S.
2	Where did my review go? I wrote it there, saw it and then it suddenly disappeared today.  My wife says the same has happened to her in the past - does Yelp filter or can the owner just get rid of them?10/14/2012I rarely write a review, but I feel in this case I must.  My wife and I decided on Elements (at The Sanctuary) for our anniversary after narrowing down our top 3 choices of highly-rated restaurants...anticipating it would be a special experience. I will write about the good and the bad.We had reservations for 7PM.  We were told it would be a few minutes and the hostess apologized.  No problem...we went to the bar, had a cocktail, some friendly conversation with a gentleman playing in the band at the resort.  Our female bartender was very nice and attentive.  However, the few minutes turned into 45 minutes.  This is unacceptable considering we did have a reservation!  10 - 15 minutes I can understand, 45 minutes, not really.We did have a great, romantic view at our table.  Our primary waiter was cordial, but appeared to be rushed and really did not take the time to review some dishes.  Not the way I would have liked to have been treated after waiting 45 minutes.My appetizer, lentil soup, was excellent, unique and flavorful.  My wife raved about her oysters Rockefeller.  Her main course, was the braised short ribs which she also said were A+ in taste, texture, and tenderness.  After tasting hers, I agreed.However, I had the "rack of lamb", the special of the day.  Extremely disappointing.  For a "rack", there were only 2 very tiny ribs, one of which was just about 50% fat.  For a $40 main course and a special of the day, I was embarrassed for the restaurant.  On a positive note, the vegetables were excellent and cooked perfectly.Because it was our anniversary, the restaurant delivered a complimentary, very rich, delicious chocolate peanut butter mousse with Nutella which we shared.  A very nice touch.  However, not until we had eaten most of the desert did a new female server come over and ask if we wanted coffee.  Within one minute, our primary waiter came over and asked the same.  So, I was really not impressed with the food service considering the restaurants' reputation. .The car attendants were very friendly and responsive.  Overall, my wife's experience was about a 4-star.  Mine, 1.5 - 2-star.  With so many highly-rated restaurants in the Scottsdale/Paradise Valley/Phoenix area, I was deeply disappointed in my dining experience here, especially for a highly anticipated, special occasion evening.  Not sure If I will be back here due to my disillusioned experience.Frank S.
2	10/14/2012I rarely write a review, but I feel in this case I must.  My wife and I decided on Elements (at The Sanctuary) for our anniversary after narrowing down our top 3 choices of highly-rated restaurants...anticipating it would be a special experience. I will write about the good and the bad.We had reservations for 7PM.  We were told it would be a few minutes and the hostess apologized.  No problem...we went to the bar, had a cocktail, some friendly conversation with a gentleman playing in the band at the resort.  Our female bartender was very nice and attentive.  However, the few minutes turned into 45 minutes.  This is unacceptable considering we did have a reservation!  10 - 15 minutes I can understand, 45 minutes, not really.We did have a great, romantic view at our table.  Our primary waiter was cordial, but appeared to be rushed and really did not take the time to review some dishes.  Not the way I would have liked to have been treated after waiting 45 minutes.My appetizer, lentil soup, was excellent, unique and flavorful.  My wife raved about her oysters Rockefeller.  Her main course, was the braised short ribs which she also said were A+ in taste, texture, and tenderness.  After tasting hers, I agreed.However, I had the "rack of lamb", the special of the day.  Extremely disappointing.  For a "rack", there were only 2 very tiny ribs, one of which was just about 50% fat.  For a $40 main course and a special of the day, I was embarrassed for the restaurant.  On a positive note, the vegetables were excellent and cooked perfectly.Because it was our anniversary, the restaurant delivered a complimentary, very rich, delicious chocolate peanut butter mousse with Nutella which we shared.  A very nice touch.  However, not until we had eaten most of the desert did a new female server come over and ask if we wanted coffee.  Within one minute, our primary waiter came over and asked the same.  So, I was really not impressed with the food service considering the restaurants' reputation. .The car attendants were very friendly and responsive.  Overall, my wife's experience was about a 4-star.  Mine, 1.5 - 2-star.  With so many highly-rated restaurants in the Scottsdale/Paradise Valley/Phoenix area, I was deeply disappointed in my dining experience here, especially for a highly anticipated, special occasion evening.  Not sure If I will be back here due to my disillusioned experience.Frank S.
5	What a treat this restaurant is!The food was very unique, combinations of ingredients that most of us don't think of. And every last bite of it was amazing. Additionally, the staff is very genuine and friendly. We went in the evening and the view was breathtaking!
5	I took my girlfriend here for her birthday. The entire experience was incredible. A friend told me to make a reservation and ask for a table that faced the pool. The view was stunning. She had duck three ways, I had the most delicious chicken dish. The food was so flavorful and attractively prepared. We each had a couple glasses of wine as well. At the end of the meal they brought us a complementary "peanut butter cup" dessert that was Devinne! Apparently they felt that their service was a bit slow for us. I didn't notice, but I deffinitely was not about to turn down free desert! Ha ha. We will absolutely be back. Total bill tip included 165.00
5	This place exceeded my expectations. My husband and I wanted to go on a romantic dinner to celebrate our wedding anniversary. We heard about Elements that had incredible  views and amazing food with an top master chef. The services was impeccable, and the food is to die for. They even provided us a dessert on the house to celebrate our anniversary. This restaurant is good for first dates, to celebrate a special occasion or if your looking to have a good time. We look forward to coming back!
5	I am in Phoenix on business this week. I have been dying to try Elements, after meeting Chef Beau at a charity golf tournament. The view from the restaurant across the valley at night was spectacular. I love the lighting of the restaurant and the bar. They have the coolest patio heaters, and the bar was hopping.Angela and Ken (if I remember their names right) were fantastic. Angela was extremely creative, and their selection of great whiskey and bourbon was really surprising.I started with the Roasted Pork Belly. There were more fresh flavors to it than I can describe. I am a huge fan of hoisin, and this was perfect. I believe the adjective that was used was "Sic"!I ordered the duck to follow that up. There was both duck breast and a leg. Terrific textures. The forbidden rice was really interesting and the whole dish was amazing.Someone else at the bar ordered the warm butterscotch pudding torte, and passed it around. It was so creamy and decadent I could only have one bite. The coconut gelato on top was awesome!Considering the crazy cool environment, the valet parking, and the phenomenal food, this was an absolute bargain. I will absolutely be coming back to Elements. Next time, I'll have to bring a crowd . I did post photo's of the meal on Food Spotting. This was a truly memorable meal.
4	Bring an appetite.  I can't remember eating at any other high-end restaurant that aspired to greatness with portion sizes this large.  But it did all taste great (the sodium definitely played a part).  The service didn't match the level of food.  During the course of dinner my server both shook my hand and patted me on the back.  I just wanted a nice, romantic meal, not to make a new buddy.
4	The place is awesome. I should go during the day, I guess because it must have great views. Nice decor, comfortable, a great ambiance.The service was more in the not-so-great side, but no complaints. It's just that for an upscale restaurant I would expect a better service.The mai thai was pretty strong but good. Bone marrow was interesting but the species and sauces kill the marrow flavor completely. The short rib was pretty good but the serving is way too big. The mac and cheese was tasteful as well but I would prefer it on the side instead of under the short rib.I will definitely go back.
5	I was in Scottsdale on business last week. My fiance and I were excited to go to elements after learning it was Beau MacMillan's restaurant. We didn't go in with high expectations, just wanted to have a great meal and experience.Boy, did it not disappoint.Our servers were phenomenal. I had read some of the Yelp reviews prior to making our reservation and wanted to see if they were right. We didn't notice any lack of attentiveness on their end.As an aside - if you go for dinner, definitely get a reservation around sunset. It has absolutely stunning views that shouldn't be missed.We started off with the ahi tuna tartare. Simple and executed perfectly.My fiance got the braised short ribs which was amazing. The short ribs were incredibly tender and flavorful. About the only downside was the placement of the truffle mac and cheese (underneath the short ribs instead of off to the side). I had the duck with forbidden rice. As a duck hunter, I've had my fair share of ducks. This duck was cooked perfectly, and the cherry braised cabbage and forbidden rice completed the dish nicely.We picked the PB bomb for dessert. Don't bother looking at the menu, just get the PB bomb.Overall, there's not much more I would have improved. I'm looking forward to returning to Scottsdale and stopping by elements again.
5	Such a great experience   I had a moo shoo appetizer with leeks and trumpet mushrooms . I had the brisket and truffled macaroni and cheese .My companion had lobster soup which he loved .He also had an entree which he loved . The dessert was so yummy with whoppers ,chocolate. I forgot the name of the dessert .Thanks for the great service and wine.
5	I'll skip all the preambles and get right to it.  We ate here for lunch and dinner and enjoyed both tremendously.    Service was friendly and efficient (thanks Ingrid and Mark!) and the setting is lovely.Lunch -- turkey burger and hot dog.   Both were just the right size for lunch yet something different.    Dinner -- calamari appetizer, braised ribs, duck, and butterscotch pudding for dessert.   Good portions and so flavorful.   Everything written about these dishes is true.   Very impressive.BTW -- my wife LOVES the blackberry vodka drink.    If someone has the recipe.....
5	Many thanks to the staff and management for setting an amazing table in their private room.  We kept changing the numbers and they were great.  View into the kitchen is very nice or you can close the curtain and have complete privacy.  The food was excellent.  I would go back in a moments notice.  You also must meet Angela the bartender.  She is so nice, friendly, and a real pleasure.
5	I live in San Francisco which great food and fabulous ambiance is found in every corner of our great city .  ( very hard to please ) Me and my husband had our third anniversary dinner at elements .Truly amazing in every sense .. Five star and more amazing food , service was attentive, friendly, and knowledgable about menu and ingredients.  A true gastronomic and sensual joy.  Is there a six star rating?
1	In a word, pathetic. I can only comment on the brunch they presented on Sunday.  Took a relative visiting from New England that wanted to eat at a Beau MacMilan restaurant and boy was it disappointing. Here's the low lights:1. Menu. You can pay a lot of money for the brunch or a lot more money on top of brunch to have an entre. No option available just to order an entre. Already strange. 2. Selection. Seems like whatever was left in the kitchen over the weekend turns into brunch. Maybe Kitchen Confidential  was right. Rice and miso soup in the left corner with a small bowl of hummus (no pita) in the right corner. Omelettes on the west side, Greek orzo on the east side.  If you are suffering from an identity crisis, you may as well serve up some classics (roast beef or ham with eggs) and take the hit that you are boring. 3. Service. Abysmal. Our smarmy French server Daniel had an excuse for everything that he failed to deliver. After 10 minutes of waiting for soy sauce for the white rice I walked into the kitchen myself and within 20 seconds came back with soy sauce. Just a thought but when you take a plate with utensils it would be wise to replace them.  I can steal them from the next table over myself (which is what he did). Unlimited sparkling wine comes with the buffet, if you could get a refill. Eventually we tasked one of   the more helpful bussing staff to fill in where the server failed, which was at nearly every task and its a buffet ! 4. Management. At one time, the  manager made a stroll through the dining hall but never stopped at a single table to ask how things are going,  Probably because he already knew. His major accomplishment was getting more Coronas from downstairs. 5. Bill. Kids under 7 eat free until the bill shows up. Now I've got to go track down the non existent server to dispute the bill.In the end, someone spent millions of dollars to build a beautiful restaurant on the side of Camelback Mountain, only to fill it with unqualified staff to create sour memories for eager out of towers, but at least it's expensive. Highlights, the table bussing staff and valet. Both very nice and hard working.
2	We had friends visiting from CO, ID & CA, so 7 of us for dinner.  I had never been to Elements, so I was excited to take my friends.  3 out of 7 sevens dinners were wrong, very disappointing at these prices.  One of the steaks was grossly over cooked, we sent it back, didn't see that plate until everyone else was done.  They offered free desserts, not impressed at all, we won't be back.
5	My wife and I experienced a five-star performance on Valentine's Day. The food, service, ambiance and vistas were unbeatable.
5	Came here for breakfast around 10am. Could not have been more satisfied. The ambiance was delightful, the view was incredible and our meals were very much to our enjoyment.
5	. This place is simply fantastic. Its beautiful inside and out. The food is just as beautiful as the scenery. service was excellent from the start and they even had a car ready to take us home when we were done since we showed up in a cab. The menu changes which means i will be back to experience some more 5-star cuisine. Go here, you will love it. Very romantic
5	Just came back from a great evening at the Elements. Terrific ambience, service and food. Server Gary was excellent. It was my 75 birthday and my wife, sister and myself thoroughly enjoyed the evening. Will definitely be back.
5	Pricey, but lunch was absolutely fabulous.  Tempura shrimp, HUGE!View, breathtaking.Service, excellent.Super place for out of town guests.Only negative - needs a little freshening.  Carpeting, fabrics a bit worn looking.
5	Had dinner last night at Elements.  It was our first time there. We started out in the bar. I'm not a big drinker and I ordered a margarita. Jason, the awesome bartender, offered to make a special margarita for me. When he put this amazing creation in front of me, I thought he must have ESP or I had the words "love strawberries" written on my forehead cause this was a strawberry margarita.  Turns out he talked to my husband and found out about my strawberry obsession.  I asked him what he called it and he asked what my name was and the name of the drink was Leanne's Surprise.  Don't ask me what was in it cause I can't remember but it was wonderful.  Thanks again Jason. We then went to the dining room and our table was in the far corner with floor to ceiling windows on both sides. Best inside table in the whole place. The views are beautiful. Next time I go I will try for sunset.  I ordered their off menu special the NY Strip. I'm normally a filet kind of gal but I wanted the potatoes and shrimp as well. So our server did the bacon wrapped filet with the sides of the special. So happy he did that for me. It was amazing. I posted a picture of it.  The desserts our table shared was the Peanut Butter Bomb and the Pretzel Bar. Both were incredible. Elements is pricey so I'd say this is a special occasion type place, for me. Looking forward to coming back and having the Leanne's Surprise margarita!
5	Just dropped in for drinks and an appetizer of the mac and cheese which has disappeared for now.  The grapefruit drink with basil was completely amazing and refreshing.  Matched it with homemade chips and onion dip.  Not to mention there always seems to be a pretty crowd in the JADE bar.
5	We just returned from vacation in Scottsdale. This was one of our favorite restaurants  It had a pretty view and dining room. Service was attentive. The sommelier helped us to select a great Italian wine ($85). The calamari and dumpling appetizers were tasty and the portions were probably large enough to share. We both had he fillet wrapped in bacon for our entrees. They were delicious...buttery and tender. The mason jar dessert was yummy and different. We highly recommend it (the bill for two with tip was $300, but it was definitely worth it!).
4	Hostess service was very poor the night we went, waited over an hour past our reservation time to be seated. A mediocre dessert was complimentary for our wait. The bar had a decent selection of cocktails, but smelled of stale cleaning water. However, the entrees and appetizers were as good as it gets for this price range. The asian fusion of traditional calamari was excellent. But their special of Rib eye with hollandaise and shrimp was out of this world delicious. Very romantic setting with one of the best views in the valley. Will definitely go back again.
5	Dinner here was amazing!! Great food, nice wine. Was with a big group and they kept up with the service.  Try and come for sunsetThanks
5	Went to Elements for the first time yesterday for brunch with some friends. It was awesome! From the food, to the view, to our extremely friendly waiter, Daniel, it was an experience I won't soon forget. I opted for the brunch buffet, which comes with complimentary champagne, phenomenal food, and decadent desserts. Everything was so good, and just when we thought we couldn't eat anymore, Daniel brought out sticky buns (let's face it, no matter how full you are, there's ALWAYS room for sticky buns!) I'm surprised I was able to walk out of Elements on my own after all of the food I somehow managed to eat. I will definitely be back -- and not just for brunch, but for a wonderful "stay-cation" since the views are simply breath-taking!
5	My daughter took my wife and I to elements for Mothers day.  Its our 4th time there. To say it was a wonderful evening would be an understatement.We came before sunset and it was breathtaking.  I ordered a specific drink a certain way and it came out perfect.  The lobster bisque was in a work "fabulous".  The Korabuta pork was perfect, as was all the meals, they were done to perfection.  What impressed me was the they did not gouge you on the wine list.  They have a great list a very fair prices.  Of course the service was impeccable as was the ambiance.  Elements is one of the few 5 true star restaurants in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area. The prices reflect the entire experience but its worth it.   The Iron Chef did not disappoint. A side bar.  It is so nice to see women dressed up  in their  dresses and jewelry.  No men in shorts looking like slobs.  Its a joy to go there.  Getting dressed up enhances the experience.Oh,  Ill be back, again for sure.
4	Great service and a simple menu that ensures freshness. If the weather is nice, the scenic outdoor seating can be romantic and lovely.
4	On this trip, I wanted to experience a well known chef, and since we were not too far away, thought we try Chef Beau MacMillan's place.  I was a little taken back by the fact the only place to self park was on the other side of the resort.  The restaurant was very nice, great view of the mountains and sunset.  Wicker chairs?  The staff was pleasant, the menu simple, with an Asian infusion.  A bit pricey, but we were willing to indulge in the experience.  We had the lobster pot sticker, it was fresh and earthy with the right amount of ginger in the dipping sauce, love the pea shoots.  My wife had the short rib, it was a very adequate serving, great flavor.  I had the pork chop, best chop I've had in terms of flavor, and in the preparation.  Over experience was fine, but not refined.  Would go back to try other menu items.
2	This was a disappointment. The food was nothing special. It was salty and heavy. We were a party of four and we all felt Ill the next day. Great setting for drinks. I would not eat there again, I'm not that picky.  I actually makes me sad to leave this review. The state of restaurants in Phoenix is pathetic.
4	I went here for breakfast and ordered the eggs benedict and pancakes. The poached eggs were cooked to perfection and the pancakes were first rate. The view ain't bad either.
4	Nice place. Good food. Gorgeous view. Sunday thru Wednesday 1/2 price off all bottles of wine. Not a bad deal for a great wine list!!
5	Amazing setting, spectacular views, great atmosphere and suburb service. Ideal spot for romantic or intimate dining experiences, but great for a group outing as well. Highly recommend you gaze through the wine list of many great choices. Menu is fantastic. LOVE!
5	Wow! What a lovely location. Very impressed with service and excellent food. My guest and I had the grilled chicken and potatoe leek soup and it was delicious. The walk to the restaurant from the parking lot smelled amazing, flowers everwhere. I will definatly go back. Would be an amazing date dinner!
5	We recently visited Elements for dinner and some music. We've been to Elements many times over the years and the ambiance and environment have always been exceptional - one of the best spots in Scottsdale and Paradise Valley. The food has not always been on par with the ambiance, but the food on our recent visit was the best we've ever experienced. The other pleasant experience is that the Angela Ferrari band was playing in the Jade Bar, and they were so great. Cool songs, super-chill and energetic. Last, our server Ashley was very friendly and I highly recommend requesting her if you are in the Jade Bar.
2	Was actually somewhat disappointed with our experience here.  My daughter and I booked spa treatments to celebrate her recent college graduation and the imminent start of her first job, and showed up a bit  early so we could have lunch and enjoy the facilities.   The setting is absolutely beautiful - Camelback Mountain is RIGHT THERE - but I thought the resort itself was a bit underwhelming... particularly the pool and spa area.    We ended up having lunch at the restaurant Elements.  Great table with a wonderful view, attentive service, but the food was a complete disappointment.  We started with charred edamame - something we usually love, but it had the most unpleasant-tasting marinade/sauce over it.  Not sure if it was vinegar- or citrus-based, but it did not taste good.  I also ordered the lobster bisque and, although it had a seafood taste to it, I couldn't find a single piece of lobster in it.   They make a presentation of delivering the bowl with an assortment of minced items in it, to which they then ladle the cream over.   Perhaps it was just because it was minced so small, but I couldn't find a single piece that had the texture and taste of lobster.  Given we were there for a special occasion and wanted to keep the mood happy and upbeat, we didn't voice our complaints to the waitress, although I was somewhat surprised she didn't notice/ask why we only ate a few of the edamame.    For our main course we had the grilled cheese sandwich and the omelet - both were just okay, nothing I would go back for or order again.   Same could be said of our spa experience.... okay, but nothing special.  Given the number of top-notch resorts/spas in the area, there was nothing about our experience here that would inspire us to come back.    Disappointing, because although it was our first visit here, we had the impression the resort was one of the premier ones in the valley.    Our experience didn't bear that out.
5	Best meal of my life.
4	I have always wondered if food quality suffers due to show appearance of  celebrity chef, and restaurant over-expansion.  Mesa Grill at Las Vegas was quite good, but Morimoto at Napa Valley was disappointing.  Fortunately, Elements at Sanctuary has a strong team to carry out the vision of chef Beau Macmillan.  The overall dining experience was on par with some of the best Michelin one star restaurants.  The open view overlooking the Camelback Mountain was spectacular. The Kurobuta pork belly failed to impress.  It was presented in the form of upscale ramen.  The idea was good, but the execution fell short with flavor on the lighter side.  We ordered quite a few other dishes:Hudson Valley Foie GrasEver since California placed a foie gras ban, I made sure to order it whenever possible.  I thought it was a pate dish, but it turned up with a piece of nicely seared foie gras.  I have no complain on this one. Kurobuta Pork ChopThis is a must try if you a pork chop lover.  It was tender and full of flavor.  I had the opportunity to taste some amazing pork chops, and this easily made my list of top five.
4	Love the view and good food.  Had the lobster carbonara as my meal with the king pao green beans.  They are both listed as sides, but make a surprisingly great pairing.  Enjoy!
5	The free valet parking, the service, and view is just the beginning. The food is very creative, fresh, and prepared to perfection. The bread was not great and the butter was hard and cold. A great place for a special night out.
3	I probably would've given Elements 5 stars, especially based on the food (the filet was outstanding), the ambiance and our server (I think his name was Sean, he really listened and took care of us, even giving us a free desert for my wife's birthday), but I made a reservation and asked for a booth with a view online for my wife's birthday. Instead of reserving one for us, they just said we could wait 45 minutes if we wanted. No apology. No explanation. Just, you can wait if you want. So, while I pleased with the food & our server, the customer service of the hosts needs work.
1	The location, ambiance and setting are spectacular. One of the best in the valley. Over the years I have visited Elements perhaps 30 times or so, and the one thing that it has been lately is very inconsistent . The food is usually good and well presented. Where the place falls short is on the easiest part of the job SERVICE, SERVICE AND SERVICE. Visited there last night and the service was the worst we have had             ( horrible)the waitress looked like she should have been cleaning floors . Staff walked around not refilling water or wine glasses, the bread was awful , the butter a piece of ice and we had to ask for it. The waitress had an attitude, we ordered multiple appetizers and they all showed up at once. Not sure why I even left a tip, hopefully the 10% got someone's attention. They always seem to be in a rush to get people out of there , we were seated and done in 1.5 hours and $400. It's really too bad and it will be a long time before they see me again. I suggest management train their staff and get rid of ones with attitude. Clean up your act folks , appearances only go so far.
3	Besides the seared foie gras & breathtaking view, the food was mediocre the last few visit.
5	Top 5 restaurants I've ever been to.  Everything is outstanding.  Best mussels I've eaten in my life.
4	Amazing views and the service was excellent.  Drinks were not perfect for this type of restaurant and I had to return my flat iron steak special because it had a very odd flavor,  however the steak my wife had was prepared gluten free and the wine was great. We will be back and I will order off the menu.
5	It has been a while since we've dined at Elements, so we decided to drop in for dinner last week.  It was 6:30 pm on a Thursday and we were able to get seated immediately with no reservation.  After browsing the menu, we decided to order:Bottle of 2011 Edge Cabernet, $50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=H0EVCkIUGi99mUMFWJhn-g#H0EVCkIUGi99mUMFWJhn-gIced Shellfish Platter, $36http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=hNpp4h_HpdQQeEItypxVsw#hNpp4h_HpdQQeEItypxVswhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=7A1cAyB1n_CGFibC94nO5Q#7A1cAyB1n_CGFibC94nO5QWedge Salad, $14http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=ZLZ80iAimkaw6DvsKzP-3g#ZLZ80iAimkaw6DvsKzP-3gPepper Encrusted Filet, $44http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=gyhoMxTOhxyW0rpzv4tlAg#gyhoMxTOhxyW0rpzv4tlAgHudson Valley Foie Gras, $24http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=VBVpkMDbAofUXa9PBU5Cfw#VBVpkMDbAofUXa9PBU5CfwIrish car bomb, $11http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=BTMQF5GK_IDSaphESOST8Q#BTMQF5GK_IDSaphESOST8QS'mores $11http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=BIkjxuFzsIJUT4_TMQikkw#BIkjxuFzsIJUT4_TMQikkwLadgate 20 yr Tawny Port, $14For starters, the Better Half had the Shellfish Platter and was very pleased with it.  It's not as large of a portion as it sounds, but it can be shared between 2 or 3 people.  I had the Wedge Salad, which was too sweet and "soggy" for my tastes.  As you can see in my photo, the Salad had dressing on the bottom of the Salad and was also topped with Pickled Onion, Tomato, and Avocado....it was missing that "crisp crunch" that I love about Wedges.  I won't order it again.For the main course, TBH had the Foie Gras, which she devoured....she loved it.  I had the Pepper Encrusted Filet which was also awesome and cooked perfectly just a shade above Medium.  The Filet was full of flavor and the portion was just right.  To compliment our entree's we had a bottle of 2011 Edge Cabernet, which hit the spot.For dessert, we had the Irish Car Bomb and the S'mores....the Irish Car Bomb was awesome.  The S'mores was good too, but very rich and we couldn't finish it.  They have a nice selection of after dinner drinks, so I had a glass of Ladgate 20 yr Tawny Port to go with dessert.The wait staff is very attentive here and gave us impeccable service throughout dinner.  That's one of the reasons why we love this place.Return Factor - 100%
4	Amazing view, and excellent service.Was very happy with the Lobster Udon, and Carpaccio was to die for.For such a fancy place, the bathrooms were terrible.  Tiny, not designed well, and on the dirty side.
5	This place is simply amazing!! No kidding, I think I had the best meal of my life here. My boyfriend and I came here on our anniversary for drinks and dinner. We had a reservation, but got there a little early to enjoy drinks and live music in the Jade Bar (review coming soon). Promptly at 8:30, we were seated for dinner. Our waiter was super cool, forgot his name, but I do remember his warm personality.  We bonded because we all from the East Coast. Our food came out so fast! Although the food was pricey, it was worth every penny. I had Chilean Sea Bass over forbidden rice and the Farmers Market salad.  The salad had watermelon radishes, Japanese cucumber,  pickled carrots and a ginger vinaigrette.  So good. He had Filet mignon and according to him it was the best steak of ever. After dinner, our waiter graced us with complimentary homemade cookies.  They were a chocolate ginger combination. ...I wanted to die from the decadence. ...loved everything about it. The total bill was approx $120, but it was well worth it! Will Def be back, birthday is coming soon....mmmmm???
4	Bar gets 5 stars. Restaurant get 3...atmosphere is awesome. Great design, amazing view ! Love this place. Drinks at the bar are good and the bartenders are friendly.Our service at the restaurant wasn't good , our server couldn't describe the dishes or recommend them. He kept forgetting about us and we actually went to the hostess to pay because we couldn't find him...Food was good but nothing amazing (I'm sure a big part of that is the service) .Great place to take out-of-town friends or a first date ;-)
5	Amazing...Music, Drinks , Food ....quit Intoxicating .... :)) Beautiful start to a Wonderful New Year..!!!! Blessing 2 us all ..xxo
4	Excellent restaurant with an amazing view - 4-stars for the food, 5-stars for the view, especially at sunset to see the stunning colors against the rolling hills and then transitioning into night time with all the lights in the background - very beautiful.  I love the resort, The Sanctuary, even more!
1	Disappointing. We heard a few good things from friends in NYC and decided to give it a shot. The views were meh, the seating arrangements were atrocious, the drinks were ok at best. We thought about having dinner here but when we saw a free range chicken dish for 34 dollars, we just looked at each other and laughed. Who on god's green earth charges 34 for chicken. We've been to and frequent virtually every high end restaurant in Manhattan and no one charges this much for this sort of dish. It was laughable to see just how tacky and clueless these AZ people were. Their concept of luxury and fine dining appears to be just like a child who has only seen things on TV and has used his or her imagination to go crazy without any regard to reality. AZ in general was a major disappointment.
4	Nice romantic place. Good food and amazing view.
3	After hearing good things about this place, I made reservations here for the BF and I for our anniversary dinner.  I wanted Chinese food but he insisted on a nicer place for our day. So...I'm going to say that honestly, I was a bit disappointed.  The food was okay and the service wasn't that great.  But the ambiance/setting of this place is amazing.  We were seated in a private booth that looked out into the desert/mountains and it was quite romantic...................until I heard the banging of metal trays literally right next to my ear.  Our booth happened to be next to a kiosk/station where the servers stacked serving trays and water refills.  Like, seriously?  For a nice place like this, I don't think serving trays should even be kept near the dining area, let alone RIGHT NEXT to a dining booth. Although it was sort of off putting, it didn't bother me much until I realized we had been sitting there for 15 minutes and our server still didn't come by.  When he finally came, his tone was neither apologetic or welcoming, it was just a dull "Hi, how are you today?"  We ended up ordering the Fiery Calamari as an appetizer which was pretty good.  Definitely beats Mastro's City Hall calamari. The sauce drizzled on the calamari was like crack.  This was probably my favorite dish of the night.For the main course, I ordered the Filet Mignon "Peppersteak" - the texture of the meat itself was super tender and cooked perfectly.  I liked the potato fritter that came with it, as it provided a nice textural contrast to the softness of the steak.  I wish there was a bit more of it though.  The overall flavoring/sauce was just okay, nothing memorable.My boyfriend ordered the Wagyu Skirt Steak - again, the meat was cooked perfectly but the other components of the dish confused me.  The foie gras by itself was delicious, but very rich. With that being said, it was sitting right next to a heap of bone marrow.  I wish there was some kind of crunchy component to the dish to help offset all the mushiness and rich flavors.Our server didn't really check to see how we were doing or if we liked our food til we were pretty much almost done with everything.  At the end of the meal, he brought us a complimentary dessert for our anniversary but I'm pretty sure the restaurant does that for everyone dining on a special occasion.  I feel like if I'm eating at a place that is $60+ per person, then the service should be exceptional.  I've had better service at a Red Robin.  In fact, the valet guys up in front of the restaurant were more welcoming than our server.  Oh and then on top of that, there was a man in a suit walking around who I think was the manager and he walked by our table a few times and looked at us and didn't say anything, yet he chatted up a storm with the table next to us and BOWED to them and wished them a happy dinner .... on the last time that he walked by our table, I purposely made eye contact with him to see if he was going to say anything and he merely half-smiled at me and almost walked away because he walked past our  table already - then he decided to look back and say HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!  Gee, thanks.   Then, as we were walking out to leave, he said HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!  THANK YOU VERY MUCH! HAPPY ANNIVERSARY! all genial and loud.    I felt like I was in a bad relationship where I'm ignored by my boyfriend and then to make up for being a crappy boyfriend, he showers me with affection all of a sudden to make up for the crappyness.  ... if that makes sense..
4	I was told this was one of the nicest places to go because the view was phenomenal and it really was; especially at sunset. We got there early and they wouldn't seat us early even though they weren't exactly full. The service was great and the food was delicious. We got a lot of snooty looks from the surrounding older folks who looked kind of miffed that we were there but I've never been deterred by a stuck-up environment. Besides, we cheated and ordered the prix fixe.
5	Perfect for Valentine's Day! Valentine's Day SpecialCelebrate the love of your life at the Scottsdale mountainside resort in an exclusive, extraordinary setting like no other...with incredible views and award-winning cuisine by Food Network star Chef Beau MacMillanFriday, February 14, reservations from 5:30-10pm$105 per person for a sumptuous four-course dinner (excludes tax & gratuity)
4	4 stars is about right. Some dishes work, others not that exceptional. Wine list becomes more expensive each year....Advice: order 3 appetizers.  Have had much better luck with them.  Entrees are barely larger, get two apps for the price of one entree and maximize your palate. Space is beautiful, of course.
1	We had a party of 4 on Valentine's Day for Dinner. The hostess was nice and the view was very pretty, but other than that, our experience was not good at all. The menu was a set menu and so our table decided to order something a little different so we could try the selections. Unfortunately we were not happy. I have had better braised beef short ribs at chain restaurant's and the flavors did not go well together. Each person at our table expressed their disappointment in the service we received as well as the food we were served. The presentation was even a bit sloppy. One gentleman in my party was so disappointed with the Veal that he asked to return it to the kitchen because it was not good at all. We felt the service was poor. Our server lacked personality and was slow and didn't show much interest because the menu was set and he knew he was going to receive a gratuity based on $105 per person. The drinks we ordered would be finished and we would have to wait and flag someone down to ask him to order another drink. Finally it was dessert time, and we each ordered one of each. I ordered the Strawberry Shortcake which was awful. I couldn't even swallow it the flavor was so bad. My boyfriend ordered the Champagne Sabayon and the champagne flavor was so overwhelming it was like taking a shot of alcohol for dessert. Our other guest ordered the Chocolate Hazelnut Torte which I took one bite of and it was so rich. Nothing was easy to eat and good on the pallet. We felt this review was very important to write because the next day, my boyfriend and I went to Sedona for the rest of the weekend and had a wonderful dinner outside with amazing views of the mountains and stars with the moon rising. The food as excellent and service was great. The price was more than half less and our experience was so much better. We are all so disappointed and expected so much more from Elements.
1	I was so displeased on Valentine's Day with both my food and service. I have lived in the valley for years and always wanted to dine at Elements. Normally on special occasions or when we are in the mood to treat ourselves we have our usual spots; Mastros, Flemings, Donovans... If you couldn't tell we enjoy a nice steak, but this year we decided to mix it up and give Elements a shot and were very excited to finally check this place out. The view did not disappoint. Megan, one of the managers was very pleasant when accommodating our reservation. Another one of the managers was also very pleasant who sat us, but I do not recall his name... Unfortunately, that is where the pleasantries stopped.Our server came across rude and uninterested. This could have been because of the prix fixe menu or maybe he was just having an off night but our drinks were always left empty, we rarely saw him, he came across very snarky and even sarcastic at times. I was also unimpressed with the food/menu for the evening. Out of our table of 4 the only thing anyone enjoyed was the bacon wrapped shrimp. The majority of us ordered the short ribs and not one person was impressed. The salads were ok, the desserts lacked flavor, and the presentation could have been better.For a dinner totaling $600 for 4 people who barely drank ( I think 3  beers and 3 cocktails for the whole table) I left feeling like I had almost been taken advantage of. I feel like Elements rested on their reputation and truly did not make the extra effort in service or cuisine that has awarded them their stellar reputation. As a business owner I understand you can't be perfect 100% of the time but this was a definite disappointment and I felt my experience warranted the lowest possible rating. Hopefully, one day we can give them another shot on a non holiday, non prix fixe menu and I can change my opinion but as of now they or 0 for 1.
5	Some of the best food I've had in Arizona. Portions were not bad and prices were alright but definitely high. View more than made up for it.
2	Very disappointing food and service on a very special night.The place is beautiful. The Jade Bar is really pretty nice.But, Elements serves barely warm food and our server must have been on break the whole time. We rarely saw him. People came, ate and left while we sat there.Oh yeah, big ouch on the outlandish prices.
5	There isn't anything bad to say about this beautiful upscale restaurant. We got there  for happy hour and moved into the restaurant early enough to get a table with a view of Mummy Mountain and watch the sunset. Highly recommend you catch the sunset at this location!The Jade Bar has been remodeled and is significantly bigger and better.  Anywhere yousit has breathtaking views.For our meal we tried all 4 courses starting with an order of calamari that had an incredible sauce and sliced pepperocini peppers, which was a clever idea I'm going to steal. The calamari was clearly fresh and the best I've ever had.For the 2nd course a delicious beet salad served on top of a creamy goat cheese.  (If I could make beets like this my whole family would eat them like candy.)The entrees we shared to make our own surf and turf....Flat iron steak with broiled vegetables and the sea bass with forbidden rice.  The sea bass was melt in your mouth perfection and the flat iron steak held it's own.  Of course we had to get the brussels sprouts to share.  They had a spicy chili sauce and pork belly to add to their deliciousness. EVERYTHING was 5 stars!  The service was impeccable as well. Thank you Elements!
4	This was my second visit. They hit all the right notes. Sunset and view lived up to my expectations. Our server was spot on. Everyone thought the meal was great. I had fresh  cold oysters. We had Sea Bass, filet mignon, and salmon. All perfectly prepared and plated. Was an elegant evening.
5	I have to admit I'm a little biased when it comes to this location, as I got married at the Sanctuary two years ago. So far I've been to brunch twice and finally tried dinner for our two year anniversary. This restaurant has some of the best views in Phoenix and the decor is fabulous; modern but not too cold.Dinner last night did not disappoint. We started off with some inventive cocktails, I had the Pepper Smash which was very interesting with yellow bell pepper juice and my husband had the Celery Superstar which had a jalapeno slice in it and was very well crafted. We chose the following for our meal:- Ahi Tuna: This was fresh tuna over julienned cucumbers with fresh herbs and pine nuts. This dish was fantastic and a great starter.- Lobster Mac & Cheese: This was my least favorite dish. It had a very good rich flavor and the lobster was cooked perfectly. My only complaint was that the consistency was a little off, the sauce was a little too runny for my liking and the pasta in the dish was slightly overcooked.  - Alaskan Halibut Special: This was a perfectly cooked piece of fish, seasoned right and served over a flavorful mushroom risotto- Butternut Squash Dumplings: This dish was an amazing combo of sweet and savory. These were large raviolis filled with a sweet butternut squash, the sauce was rich with sweet tomatoes and was complimented by a savory goat cheese with roasted pumpkin seeds.- Turtle Cheesecake: We were given a complimentary dessert for our anniversary. This was a cheesecake with a salted caramel topping and roasted pecans. It was very decadent and was the perfect amount.Our server also made this a great experience (I forget his name but he said he was from DC). He was very passionate about the food and was able to help us with our choices, and everything was on point. My husband and I were very satisfied with our dinner, and will keep this on our list for special occasions, we will also continue to come for brunch. I highly recommend Elements!
3	I would love to give 5 stars, however the valet was atrocious. I've met strangers that were nicer. Our taxi was having issues processing the transaction, and the valet guys did everything they could to dramatize the situation (which was about five minutes long at eight o clock). There are two lanes so we were not blocking traffic, but one valet felt the need to yell "Jesus Christ Asshole" in front of a family of four children under the age of 10. I've never had worse or embarrassing service. Definitely was not a great way to start out an expensive meal. They must have known with a cab that they weren't receiving a tip, I guess. On the other hand the food and views are absolutely five stars. I would love to dine there again. I think these are some of the best views in Arizona!
5	Usually go 4 to 5 times a year and dinner never disappoints. Awesome view great staff and ambience.
5	We go to Chef Beau McMillan's Elements about three times annually as we did again March 29th.  Always amazing, service, food, setting.  The attention to detail from our call to make a reservation about our daughter's birthday was simply amazing too.  This is "the best" Scottsdale, greater Phoenix restaurants and one of the better ones in the country in our opinion.
5	From the view to the food to the service, everything was perfect. We did dinner and watched the sunset then met friends at Jade bar next door for a few drinks. We shared the edamame and ahi tartare for apps. I had the sea bass and my boyfriend had the steak, both were awesome. The band at Jade was amazing, we will definitely return!
1	Went to Elements for dinner with my husband and another couple who were visiting from out-of-town. When the reservation was made and again when it was confirmed, we told Donald that we needed to have a table with a peaceful almosphere and a nice view. We arrived early and were sent to the bar although the restaurant was mostly empty. "Great", I thought expecting that we were indeed getting a nice table. At the time of the appointment, we were sat right next to a large round table of about nine customers, all drinking, talking and laughing loud, while the rest of the restaurant was empty!!  We requested to be moved and the waittress  did. The dinner turned out to be HORRIBLE!! Three of us ordered sea bass (approx. $45) .  The sea bass was dry and felt and tasted like straw. I did not want to disrupt the dinner again so I ate a small portion and left the rest. The waiter was mostly AwOLThis was a serious disappointment. We entertain often but wet will never return to elements nor will we recommend it.  What is going on with this restaurant? It has gone DOWNHILL! Is there a new chef, an incompetent manager? Or are they going broke? I will not be surprised if Elements closes. It used to be a fairly good restaurant. Last night it failed on all counts.
4	I made reservations via opentable the morning before we dined. Easy and we were seated immediately upon arrival.Service was a bit slow. We didn't feel any connection from either the server or the server assistant. The bread service was below basic, especially for a fine dining restaurant. We asked the server for his favorite and most popular cocktails. We ordered both: sisos sexy and another that I do not know the name of. He wasn't present on the floor as much as I'd hoped. My friend ordered the bacon wrapped filet and thought it was delicious. It was one of her favorite filets in all time. I ordered the organic salmon which was delicious as well. The sauce on both the dishes really made up the entrees. The salmon came with noodles and vegetables that really complimented the salmon. Two entrees that you cannot go wrong with.Our reservation was at 6:15pm and we sat to see the sunset. It was gorgeous. Definitely come around this time to see the sun set. Lastly, compliments to the maitre d' or manager who made his table touches and really looked like he was enjoying each conversation with the guests. He complimented us on our smiles and we told him we came out to see one of the top 39 restaurants with a view in the world. He said they must be doing something right. I would say this wasn't my favorite fine dining restaurants but it definitely is something to cross off my bucket list. Good for special occasions.
5	Astounding view of the valley, amazing food, and excellent service. I went here with my BF for my birthday, and we got the bacon wrapped filet and kurobuta pork chop. Everything was cooked to perfection, beautifully plated, and tasted like a dream. Our waitress Denise was quite a character, we liked her service a lot.Parking is valet, so please come with cash for tip!
4	Had a wonderful lunch here with GREAT cocktails. The atmosphere is serene, service nice and my salad was fresh and light.Can't wait it try dinner!
5	Stop by at Elements for a romantic night with my boyfriend. From the start the service was amazing. We started with the Calamari and they were to die for. I had the short ribs and my boyfriend had the filet, both of which was delicious. Our waiters were great and attentive. Truly impressed by this restaurant. We'll be back for sure!Go for an unforgettable meal and incredible view!!
5	It was my first visit to Elements along with my girlfriend to celebrate her birthday. And I should say the visit was truly memorable.We were seated at the Jade bar till our tables were set and I really enjoyed the Lichee Margarita. Perfect mix and not sweet. 5/5 for the drinkMy experience at the restaurant was out of the world. Our host Mr. Greg was patient explaining well each item on the menu. For starters we had the ahi tuna tartare and I must say the tuna was very well marinated with hint of lemon and spices to the right levelMoving to the entrees, I took the beef filet wrapped in bacon medium made, red at the center and my girlfriend had the scallops. Both these dishes were right up to the mark and these are must try at Elements. Overall, I must say the visit to Elements has been truly mesmerizing for both of us. Wonderful host, mind blowing food and of course the amazing view of the mountains.So no reason why it shouldn't be 5/5. Thank you Elements. We will be back!
5	Went here for drinks and some apps with a girlfriend to catch up.  Everything was delicious, though pretty rich for my taste but that's just me and I have a sensitive palate..  We didn't have any of the main courses but I was full after a set of shared appetizers and a cocktail.  The service was great and the ambiance was relaxing for a friendly catch up but could be quite romantic with the right company.
5	Definitely a 5 star restaurant for fine dining. We had the calamari, ribs, and pork dish. They were all amazing. Service was great and the view was pleasant. It is a higher price joint but well worth it! Great alcoholic beverages as well!
5	Stayed at the resort for July 4th weekend, Ate at Elements for breakfast, lunch, and dinner! Service, food, and quality was top notch, couldn't ask for more! Chef Baeu and his team have done an amazing job and we can't wait to come back! Two Thumbs up!!
5	My husband and I are big fans of Chef Beau MacMillan and when we found out that he has a restaurant in Arizona, we bookmarked this place until we were in town again. The day we drove to Phoenix from Sedona, we felt it was time to stop in this place. We came here for lunch with our kids. The views in the restaurant was nice. The drinks you order from Elements comes from their bar, the Jade Bar. I got their drink that had a jalepeno in it, it was hot! But so good! To start, we got the shrimp and pork pot stickers, it was really good and even my daughter ate most of it, which usually she only has a few bites. For entrees, I got the smoked fried chicken with sticky rice, it had pickled vegetables and chopped up watermelon in it, it was so good. My husband got the thai chicken salad which was really good as well. My daughter had the grilled chicken with fruits, it was so pretty, I ended up having a few bites of her food too lol.For dessert, we got the raspberry sorbet with the lychee lemongrass semifreddo with pistachio dust, it was so good. Our waitress was very sweet and even offered to bring a second high chair over when she saw that my toddler wanted to sit in her sister's seat. I'm glad we got to experience Chef Beau's food. Another one of my favorite Food Network chefs' restaurant checked off the list.
5	What a welcome relief when a reataurant is as good as it's high reviews, but when it exceeds them, that is very special.  The element is a very special find and it will not disappoint.  It's breathtaking veiws coupled with one of their many signature cocktails is the perfect start to a guaranteed delectable evening.  Everythimg, from their fusion of flavors, exceptional presentations, and knowledgable wine pairings makes for a dining experience that will be hard to rival.  Request the private booths for special intimate dining with unmatched desert beauty views!
2	Went for fathers day and quite frankly I think Beau is starting to lose his touch.  Nothing ever changes, Its always the same over the past two years. If anything lesser selections  of  meat and miniscule desserts.  Our waiter didnt listen to us, this is the second time with this guy,  I will never use him again. They stuck us in the back room and place was half full, I hate a 5* place with no table cloths, of course the other side does. The wine list is only fair.   Pork chop was dry, margarita was not made properly. When I asked him for just a little more tequila in the next he brings a double with still just a little tequila in it.  The evening was basically a lost experience.At these prices looks like more Binks, Christophers, Mission, Vincents, Petite Maison
5	My husband and I got married at the Sanctuary resort, so maybe I am a little impartial, but the food and drinks here are amazing.  I would definitely recommend reservations before you come, and try to request an indoor table with a sunset view for dinner.  It is great watching the AZ sunset and then the city lights while you enjoy your meal.The service here is always excellent in my experience.  We come here several times a year for special event, and occasionally for lunch if we are in the area.  I definitely prefer the dinner menu over the lunch menu.The Elements menu tends to have a lot of seafood on it, be forewarned.   I am allergic to a lot of different seafood items, but I easily manage to find something else delicious to order.  If you love dessert, I recommend the peanut butter bomb which is my personal favorite, but you can't go wrong with any pick here in my opinion.The restaurant decor is beautiful and has one of the best views in the city.  This restaurant is of course expensive though, and our meals for 2 usually top $200 for dinner with only a couple of drinks on there total.
5	New to the area & had a birthday dinner to celebrate...we couldn't have chosen a better place! We started with drinks & the charred edamame in the bar area. The drinks were all delicious, but the edamame was other wordly! I don't know what they put on it, but it was addictively good!!  We move to the restaurant for dinner. We ordered the Crispy Kale salad (good), Hawaiian fish (can't remember the name), flat steak special & Brussels sprouts with pork belly. Everything was wonderful...the fish was really good, the steak flavorful & tender...but the Brussels sprouts were incredible & such a unique flavor! Ordered a bottle of wine & the night was perfect. Our waitress was great - relaxed yet friendly & professional.  Prices were high, but worth it for the food & service. For us, it will be a place for special occasions.
5	Superb service that flows with the typical services at the Sanctuary!  The recently renovated bar area is great for socializing. It's always crowded especially on the weekends! The staff is prompt and attentive. I didn't eat during this visit but past dishes were phenomenal! I did drink a glass of sweet reilsling as I listened to the tunes of the three-man band. Very relaxing ambience!
5	Wanna be treated like royalty?  This is the place. If your filthy rich this is just another place, but when you can scrape up $200 to take your wife out, you go here. You may think that's alot of money but for the atmosphere,  the staff, and OMG the food....I would pay more. Plus it Chef Beau, there is no way you are getting sup par food. If anything take your lady here at least once, you won't be disappointed.
1	This restaurant seemed okay. With a nice view. Went there for happy hour only and to listen to the band. Went with another couple who arrived after we did. Six dollar happy hour well drinks at the bar. Until the waitress talked my friends into another type of vodka. The price went from $6-$15 Per drink The bill came to $130. For four people that had a couple of drinks each. so please element staff, if people are there for happy hour please do not talk them into getting a more expensive vodka so you could pad your tips. Stay away from this place. Go to Frank and Lupe's or to the roaring fork instead
5	Had my boyfriend's birthday dinner here and they went above and beyond. The service and food was amazing. If that doesn't get you hooked the view is stunning. I would recommend this place to all my friends. It is expensive and romantic definitely  more of a special occasion spot.
5	My boyfriend and I celebrated our anniversary at Elements and couldn't have had a more wonderful time. A candlelit ambiance set against the twinkling lights of Paradise Valley set such a romantic mood.The food was great, right down to the appetizers - who knew edemame (of all things) could be so decadent?The servers were superbly professional and friendly, making the evening even that much more enjoyable. Our only regret is that we were too full to order dessert!Elements made us feel like a king and queen.
5	I had a wonderful sunset birthday dinner. They served only the best farm-fresh-to-table ingredients. Everything was very seasonal (heirloom tomatoes, melon, beets). I had sashimi grade nairagi with mango kimchi. It was excellent, all of my favorite flavors in one dish! The lemongrass lychee semifreddo was fantastic as well. Excellent atmosphere, service, and food. I will be back.
5	Beau knows the culinary arts...and service and scenery.  The Valley is littered with great resort based dining options but this is the pinnacle.  The special occasion place that is down the road but a world away.  I recommend going with several people so that you can share and more adequately explore the menu.  The foie gras benedict is decadent but in a good way, the salmon mild but filing, and the peanut butter dessert experience was akin to a kid discovering ice cream for the first time.
4	Pricey- but amazing view and great quality food. If you have a special occasion or want a romantic dinner, go here. All the food we got was superb. Waitress can recommend the best things to order. Got a few appetizers and share them.
1	My family has always enjoyed Elements restaurant and go there for special occasions. Had my wife's 70th birthday with all the kids and guests in town and went there.It had its usual GREAT environment, however I ordered  the double pork chops which sounded good. My daughter copied me and ordered the same.  When it came it was about 4" thick with two bones, and the meat was all dried out and had no taste. Mine was ordered medium rare and there was no pink and no juice whatsoever. Totally tasteless.I did not complain as didn't want to hold up the entire table, however when we asked for take home packages the waiter scooped them both up (one bite taken out of each.....and did not even bother to ask if everything was okay. He just scooped it up and put it in a sack. $40.00 each for those two pork chop meals, and they were not edible!!. If you go there AVOID the pork chops and I do not intend on returning again.  Two of the nine diners went hungry despite a $900.00 bill.   $100Waiter deserves no credit either.
5	Great breakfast spot! Stayed at the resort and rolled out of bed to a delicious high end breakfast. Dee lish us!
5	Fantastic 5 course dinner last week with the phenomenal @chefbeau. Food was off the charts - presentation, quality, taste and consistency. Katie delivered stellar service.  The rose petals on the table where a great touch.
3	My wife made reservations with great anticipation from news and reviews.  Unfortunately, the meal we had left a lot to be desired.  While I won't say the food was horrible, nor the service, it was not that "wow" experience we were hoping for.We ordered the kimchi bacon appetizer with Brussels sprouts and found too much fat and would have loved a few more brussels on the plate to enjoy the flavors.  The 45.00 filet had a fatty piece that seemed way too big for the cut meat.  I would assume the kitchen cuts from the loin and could've held this piece back.  The sticky rice I ordered to accompany dinner was very good, but came out late, well after I was thru half my meal.Perhaps they had an off night, we received some bad plates or it just isn't our type of food.  Average is what I would consider this place and will continue to frequent El Chorro instead when dining in PV.
3	We came here for a Birthday dinner, the view was perfect.  We had a great waiter and cocktails were delicious.  Unfortunately they had just changed the menu, (the old menu was up online) and we really didn't enjoy our appetizer or main course.   The bacon brussel sprout hash is actually a large cut (I believe he said stomach) which was not what we had anticipated.  The cut had very large fat deposits and the brussel sprouts were over sauced).  We also ordered 2 fish dishes. The sea bass texture was good but my husband didn't care for the sauce, the side of Chinese broccoli was pretty good as was the truffled Mac and cheese.  My fish was very tough (to be fair though that is just the type of fish and I truely wasn't very familiar.   They brought a complimentary dessert which was very good (butter pit accompanied with a lemon sorbet and mixed berries). And the most delicious chocolate chip cookies (I don't care for chocolate chip but I think these had ginger and some fall spices, extremely good)Overall it was a mixed bag and I probably would have gone somewhere else had I looked at the current menu (the previous menu had duck which I was really craving!)
5	We are from NY so we are used to great food and Elements didn't disappoint! Beautiful restaurant with great views, superb service and wonderful food. The octopus appetizer was delicious and the bacon wrapped filet was done just right. The brioche bread pudding is a must have for dessert. A shout out to our server Anthony who made the experience even better!
5	Actually, the wife and I celebrated our 15 year anniversary here October 1st.  Place is definitely swanky!  Suited up and classed out!Loved every bit of the ambiance, the plating, the flavor, and the scenery.  Perfect place for a special occasion.
4	Food was excellent....keep reading though. The view was also nice. The view at A Different Pointe of view is a little nicer though. The cocktails were out of this world. Hand crafted with unique ingredients. I had the cucumber honeydew cocktail and it was amazing. I thought the food was very good, but for the price point,  we have had better. We are from Miami, so definitely not strangers to pricey meals....but overall, I would recommend.
4	Let me start by saying that Elements pretty much set the bar for a special occasion destination. This place really bends over backwards for your special occasion, and that has not gone unnoticed. Elements is located on Camelback mountain, has a gorgeous view (especially at sunset), and is headed by chef Beau MacMillan (of food network fame). When we arrived, we decided to self park, which is actually quite a trek up to the restaurant in the maze that was the Sanctuary hotel, but it was pretty and we didn't mind the walk. We were greeted upon arrival and they promptly said 'happy anniversary!' (I had noted it in the res). We were shown to our table, which was facing a full wall window and was covered in rose petals... nice touch guys! Our waiter was attentive, but a little odd... I can't put my finger on it, but he seemed a little too 'put on,' this was not a big deal though.I decided to start with a cocktail and was swayed to try the honeydew/ cucumber/gin concoction by the waiter, describing it as a sweet drink. Well... this drink was basically gin over ice.... it wasn't fabulous, but it was decent, and had enough gin in it to warrant the 14$ price tag. We ordered the lobster bisque to share to start. They brought the soup in two bowls for us... very nice. The soup was good, but not great. The lobster was a bit cold and the bisque was made with coconut milk.... which was interesting, but didn't have the richness of a traditional bisque. The bread they serve, however, is delicious... crusty, flavorful, and warm, served with salted butter... yum. For entrees I had the bacon wrapped filet which came with some polenta, onion, and mushrooms (45$), the husband had the prime new york strip which came with a bunch of braised greens (and bacon) and was topped with a huge roasted parsnip (48$), and we split the truffle mac and cheese side (which was super expensive at 17$). My filet was tasty, but the bacon wrapping seemed unnecessary. The filet itself was delicious and the mushrooms were nice and tender. The husband's steak was decidedly better, very juicy and flavorful. The parsnip was very good, but the star was the sauce and greens.... they were perfectly savory, well seasoned, and complemented the meat. The mac and cheese was good... but maybe not as good as it was expensive (I will say though that I had most of it for lunch the next day as leftovers mixed with the greens from the husband's steak and the bacon... it was really good like this). The restaurant was nice enough to bring us dessert on the house and decorate the plate with chocolate saying ' happy anniversary' ... Like I said... they went all out. The dessert was a lemon tart with gelato and fried herbs... it was pretty delicious. Take home point: I would come back here, but only for very special occasions (this place is pretty crazy expensive). The food was very good, but maybe not as good as it was pricey.
4	08.31.14 | bookmarked 03.10.14Labor day weekend. Bachelorette party. Brunch AND dinner at Elements. We so wild.Elements is voted one of the best restaurants to watch a sunset. Floor to ceiling glass overlooking the Camelback Mountain, it did not disappoint.The food was also excellent (hence the double meals). They serve (au gratis) freshly baked cinnamon buns. A-MA-ZING. I was not super adventurous and stuck with an omelet. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-scottsdale?select=R6vOgslAxEOj3aN_J31gPA#7XBhTPInVYr6T-h6e7SemQFor dinner, we started foie gras (I miss you so much). And oyster rockefellers. SO good. I had the widely ordered hawaiian nairagi for dinner, AND had enough left over for breakfast the next morning. They don't skimp on the portion here. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-scottsdale?select=R6vOgslAxEOj3aN_J31gPA#R6vOgslAxEOj3aN_J31gPAThoroughly wonderful experience and a fantastic getaway.
5	Great food, great wine, great service, and the celebrity chef is entertaining as hell. If you have ever been to a restaurant where the food is made with care- and each dish balanced to the palate so that you can have the full experience of taste in your mouth -then you know what this restaurant will serve you. The food is thoughtful, modern, well balanced. We were at a wine dinner for Red Stitch - an exclusive winery that crafts wines for those who have great taste- and that Chef Beau was able to get them to Elements is a credit to his sway as a chef. Their wines- if you can get them (and they have them at Elements) are amazing.Scallops- perfectly seared and cooked, combined with a freisse salad with a bit of mustard provides a perfect balance of the richness. Dishes I would never eat other places, I would eat here - scallops, fillet - simply because those are foods many restaurants do ok, but here the bar is much higher. The view- my wife and I love it. If you want to impress a business associate, client, wife, girlfriend, boyfriend- if you want an amazing  meal - with a view, and a world-class chef -- this is the place.
4	Wow, what an amazing place to have some quiet time on Sunday.  truly relaxing. 2 quick tips though, just from being in the industry myself:  Make sure the person bringing the food knows what it is and if I'm wearing black, please bring me a black napkin; I don't want to have to ask for one by the time my food arrives.I also feel like their menu changes often?  I'm not 100% sure about that, but I had "favorite" there about a month ago and came back for it and my server had no idea what I was talking about.  I understand menu changes though, so no biggie, I guess.Other than that the food is fantastic & the service is great!  HALF OFF ALL BOTTLES ON SUNDAY!
5	As NYE approaches, the holidays are filled with addictions you have to get out of the way before we "change" our ways.  So, I had to revisit Elements once I heard mac and cheese was back on the menu.  While it was missing, I had come think Rusconi's American Grill had the better mac.  Well, truffle still wins in my book and keeps it number one by shavings.
