3	We stopped by Caminero Mexican Restaurant the other day for breakfast.  We wanted a change to the "norm" breakfast routine and we found it at Caminero.  They are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner and offer dine it and take out.  They are small and a "dive-ish" type of place but serve good food.  I had their huevos con chorizo plate served with re-fried beans, rice and a flour/corn tortilla.  It was a huge plate full of Mexican goodness all for $5.99.  We also had their Mexican omelet which is made using three eggs, green chili's and your choice of meat smothered in their green sauce and cheese.  It too was a lot of food and tasty.They are some what of a "fast food" place but with very good service and they use real plates for their customer's when dinning in, so don't let the "dive-ish" ambiance deter you from trying them.  You won't be disappointed. I'm looking forward to going back very soon for lunch/dinner.  Hope to see you there.
5	Best fast food Mexican near my home is all I have to say.  I was told about this place from a friend of mine that lives in the area and looks like Arlin B has checked it out as well.  I ordered 2 beef enchiladas plate and man was it fantastic.  The enchilada sauce was great, beans were awesome.  My wife had the floutas (rolled tacos to gringos) and they were awesome as well.  I have to go back and have a breakfast burrito which my friend swears is the best ever.  Also noticed the 2 beef tamale plate for $5.50 special that I want to give a shot as well.  This place is really clean and doesn't has a terrible odor like most Filberto locations.  The dining room is small with only about 10 tables, a TV, salsa bar, & soda fountain with no drive thru.  If you live in the area it is next to the Subway across from Top Shelf (which has terrible Mexican food).
4	3 words: Licked the Plate!I had all but given up on a good fast food Mexican restaurant in the Norhwest Valley. This place is it!
4	Go here.  Best Mexican for miles around.I'm a strange breed and, as a Native, love Mexican food of all shapes and sizes.  From greasy, gut rot Bertos, to central Mexico and New Mexican authentic, to high class more fancy Mex in Scottsdale. I love all types of regional Mexican fare.This place sits nicely in the middle of grease and Scottsdale.  No drive through but you do order from a counter.  The nice part is that if you eat in, your food comes on a actual plate and the guy behind the counter will actually bring it to you with real silverware.Been here a few time and each time was very good, and cheap to boot.  I recommend the Caminero burro.  Solid beans and salsa too.Just a nice little family owned spot with a menu similar to most Mexican places with the assortment of burros, enchiladas and tacos.  They just do it a little better here than most places and certainly WAY BETTER than the ripoff, joke of a Mexican restaurant across the street, Top Shelf.Laugh as you leave and look across the street at Top Shelf.  You'll $20 richer and a good bit happier than if you went there
5	Caminero replaced my favorite taco shop Bisteces a few years back, they changed the meat in the burrito and it wasn't quite as good, Bisteces probably had my favorite burrito and salsa ever.Food - 4/5Quality burrito, I get carne asada with avacado, cheese and sour cream and load up on the Tomatillo salsa which you can (and recommend you do) buy by the pint. You can tell when they get fresh made tortillas, the burritos are especially good on those days.Service - 4/5They get busy but the guys here are quick, helpful and polite.Atmosphere - 3/5If you eat at the restaurant it can get cramped I usually just grab a burrito and soda to go.Price - 5/5Cant beat a quality burrito for around $5.Overall - Quick and delicious I'd recommend it to anyone.
5	Thank you yelpers.  I was looking for great Mexican food and you guys and gals were great.  We came here Friday after a game and I was impressed.To begin it is not a sit down restaraunt.  You place your order at the counter then find a table.  I ordered the carne asada tacos and they were awesome.  They had onions and cilantro.  The slasa was great.  These little tacos were a great way to end the day.  Now if they sold tequila it would be perfect.  But I do recomend it for those who want delicious tacos.
5	Caminero is like my mistress. I wake up thinking about you. You make me happy and never judge me. You don't get mad when I cheat on you and when I come back into your arms feeling guilty you give me a big hug. I can even bring my wife around you, although I here she is now making solo visits and not letting me watch.My latest hug was the Chorizo Breakfast burrito. Its the best I've had. Perfect blend of cheese, chorizo and eggs. The hug before that was the chicken taquitos, which might I say are hand rolled and very meaty, not from a box like that ugly whore "Berto" down the street.See you soon my love.
4	Their tacos are the best!
5	Oh love... It's a good bond between a girl and a restaurant. I wish I could eat here all the time! The chips they give you are so yummy! They have an avocado creamy salsa makes me so happy. I love the chimichangas and there is a burrito similar to a chimichanga with chicken and a white cheesy sauce! During Christmas they make tamales... can you say heaven? :)
3	Pretty average mexican food.  The portion sizes are big for the price, but the taste is just okay.  I'll give them another shot because they are so close to where I live, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
1	Thought we would check it out since it had received a few good reviews. I won't be back.No bathrooms...Have to go over to Subway for that. Not a big deal to me that it is a dive in a nice area or no bathrooms. Food is what is important...right?  Found meat on our food to be tough and burnt. Not tasty. Dry too. Won't be back. I can get a better meal at Ramiros or Filibertos just a short distance. Found it pricey too compared to competition.
4	I love this place!  So much better than Top Shelf across the street and it's a good feeling to be able to support a local business!  My favorites are the chorizo breakfast and the chicken fundito.  The chips are great too.  The staff is friendly and always accomodating.  I will be a regular here as long as I live in the area.
5	This place is just amazing!!!! Their chorizo burrito is hands down the best in the Valley!!! The chicken flautas are hand rolled and awesome. The beans have the perfect amount of saltiness... And the rice is moist just like it should be. The tomatillo salsa is amazing with a great flavor...and the guacamole is sooooo good!!! You wi not be disappointed trying Camineros!!!!
5	The 3 mini tacos are Legen....dary!!!! If you like the little street tacos that you get all over the place in rocky point and really anywhere in mexico. You will love these tacos. Also the crunchy shredded beef tacos and nachos are unbelievable
4	Excellent food for the price. It had flavor with some spice and the food came out fast. Looks like a family Restaurant with friendly service.The reason for not giving 5 stars is the the decor needs some serious updating.
4	We have ate here a number of times. The food was always good however last night it was only far we got the #3 combo green or red chili burrito rice and beans we got the green it did not have a good flaver had much better before. The beans tasted burnt the rice was good.  This was the first time it was not good.  Will try again but not the green burrito.
4	Great cheap Mexican food in the area. Salsa bar, great pricing and they don't charge you for every little thing extra like annoying Mi Familia I refuse to take my money to Mi Familia. Caminero is definitely a Mom and Pop Mexican Restaurant which I appreciate, I'm so tired of restaurant chains!
5	We ate here this past Wednesday for the first time after driving by it for YEARS... WOW we should have stopped in a long time ago! Great family run place with great food! DO NOT KEEP DRIVING BY HERE!!! STOP!!! It's good!
2	While the chimichanga tasted great, i had diarrhea for atleast a week. Place did not look clean. I lived in guatemala for a while, and i like street food, but this just looked dirty.  Their sanitation standards looked sketchy
5	We order take out all the time from Caminero.  This is a small family run business and they truly appreciate you coming.  We love their food.  Prices are great.
5	My favorite place to order for Mexican takeout.
4	The crispy tacos were very tasty. The torta and enchilada were good but not great. Very friendly staff and very reasonably priced. I would recommend giving it a try if your in the mood for some family inspired Mexican cooking.
4	Honesty, I thought I was walking in to a full service restaurant, so I was a bit disappointed at first, that all went a way the moment I bit into my deluxe chimi. We, it was excellent. Their hit sales has a little kick and is very good. Next time I'm on this SSE of town I will definitely stop in.
5	The best salsa!!! For a casual lunch/dinner mexican joint- its the best
5	Simple on the outside and delicious on the inside...just like all the best hidden gems wherever you go.
4	I always order a chile relleno when trying a Mexican restaurant for the first time. Right or wrong, I use this one dish I like to decide if I'll return to try other items. It was one of the best I've had in some time. Served with rice (okay but not great) and spectacular beans, the relleno was simple and tasty.  I will return. Small but comfortable place.
3	Probably a little more traditional then what I was expecting, and more along the quick take-out side of Mexican food. The meat in the beef chimi was more the moist, it was watery. The mini platter was worth the $7 and that was probably the best thing we ordered.The carne asada taco was the exact opposite of the beef chimi and was dry.Over all the food was about average, the portions were above average, but so was the price. There are just better places to get Mexican food in the area for the same amount of money.
1	Say what this place is not good at all. Please pass unless you liked over cooked and over priced Mexican Food. Never again will we eat this nasty food.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place!!! By far the best Mexican food around. The avocado sauce is amazing. My favorite for breakfast,  lunch or dinner. We're definitely regulars and the food has been fantastic every single time...never had a bad meal.
5	i'll make this short and sweet. best chips and hot sauce. They make them fresh to order. steak fajita tacos!! The meat melts in your mouth.. soft corn tortillas and peppers and onions!!! Hell yes! great place for some legit Mexican food! staff is always friendly too... which who cares with food this good!! :)
5	This place has RUINED all other salsa, for me. In fact, it's ruined most Mexican food for me, since my husband and I compare everything to Caminero's food, now. The family that owns and runs this restaurant is so friendly, sweet and helpful. We tell everyone we know to visit this place and even had them cater our 10th wedding anniversary party (I didn't even get any food, because everyone else ate it ALL!).My husband is here every weekday morning for breakfast (I'm more jealous of that, than if he was meeting another woman) and we've been known to eat here multiple times a week! Fantastic food, fresh fruit drinks daily, decent prices and excellent service. Oh... and stop ordering Christmas tamales!!! They're all mine!!!!!!!
5	Just went here for the 1st time today! Best chimi I have ever had! Authentic Mexican food! Loved it!!! We will be regulars for sure!
5	Love it here. Everything is delicious. Authentic Mexican food!I work next door and eat there a couple times a week. My favorites are the chili rellenos and soft chicken tacos. But it's all really good. Especially the salsas.
5	I was in Glendale back in July for 2 weeks, had rented a house, and this place was a mile from where I was staying. I saw all the good reviews and had to try it. This will be now the metric I use to compare all Mexican food I get now. I ate here probably at least 6-7 times in a two week period, sampling several different dishes. I even had breakfast here a couple of times. Everything is homemade and fresh. It's like I just sat down and had a home cooked meal.
4	I had the caminero chicken burrito, my 3 year old had a bean and cheese and my husband and 16 year old step-son had the caminero shredded beef; ALL were amazing! Tasty beans, tender, flavorful meat and fresh ingredients. Even though we're in Arizona, these burritos took me right back home to California-style burritos. If you're in the mood for Mexican and need something delicious and fast, this is he place to go! Better than Filibertos and Federicos.
5	Mexican food doesn't get much better than this. The fish tacos and shrimp burrito are both amazing as is everything else my husband and I have tried.  Caminero's is delicious, affordable, and quick.
4	This place has really awesome, quick mexican food. They have a lot of options on their menu and have a big selection of sauces. They even have a really spicy salsa that my boyfriend is obsessed with because its the hottest he has been able to find. Highly recommend.
5	This place is no longer a secret...Right across the street from a large Mexican chain restaurant, they sit in a strip mall of Albertsons. The food is perfectly done true Mexican.
5	Best Carnitas, burritos or chimis. Fresh salsa, I always order a big cup to go!! Awesome, authentic mexican street food!!
5	We go here for their breakfast burritos. They are huge! Always fill you up and most the time i never finish the last of it. They have bomb salsa and chips also. Love this place! My hubby gets the watermelon drink and loves it i dont care for watermelon but it's actually good!
