3	A pretty much standard post office which is located in a store which has everything, from magazines, to canned drinks and bad taste souvenirs. If I am ever queueing here I get a kick out of the stock. It appeals to both tourists (tacky gifts and cards etc) and to locals (more practical stuff like .. sellotape?). Service is fast, not the friendliest, but get the job done, and it's not like you are going there to eat or anything.
3	Located on Forrest road, this post office is in the perfect place for students needing some postal needs! With no postal service located at the main University of Edinburgh campus of George Square, this has become a popular destination with students! Its, well, typical, there is a large selection of magazines (a great range of music magazines, I even picked up a copy of Rolling Stone in there once!), a muddled selection of stationary items. Even more so, if you need a lame, bog standard card for a birthday or anniversary you have just remembered then don't fret! This post office will provide in abundance. The service at the Post Office is nothing to really Yelp about, apart from saying that it was nothing out of the ordinary. Whenever I've been there, there hasn't been a great deal of chat between myself and the member of staff, you do what you need to do and then that's it...yeah, a pretty average post office but in a great location for surrounding students basically.
4	A friendly-ish local Post Office, with a surprisingly good range of stock that encompasses mags, snacks and a few household goods to piles of tourist tat, a surprising choice as it's not in a hugely touristy area.Queues are large as you'd expect, and if you're sending anything of value you need to accept it will almost certainly be lost, damaged, or most likely stolen by the morally empty, alcoholic postman, but that's life.
5	I love post offices. Is that weird? Seriously, they're so useful. This place is no exception, you can do anything you want in here (well, postal-related). The staff are absolutely lovely too, super friendly and wish me a nice day every time I leave. It's the small things.
3	I first visited Forrest Road Post Office when a parcel of mine seemed to go missing and I was looking for the local sorting office. It was a total hassle and after several phone number exchanges I eventually got what I was looking for. I don't blame this branch of the post office though as its obviously a organisational problem. The staff did try to assist me in any way they couldIt's a pretty large post office and serves as a semi touristy gift shop too, offering post cards and some cheap Scottish tat. This is all really part of the gift shop which makes up the second half of the store, the other part being the technical post office. Of course they offer the usual services involving delivery, stamps, ordering currency etc. Overall a predictable but reliable service.
3	It's a relatively a-ok post office. It's open early, although shuts early too (like most post offices) and isn't open at weekends that I can see. It has two serving areas but never gets too busy, and it sells snacks, magazines, packaging.It's not trying to be anything other than a standard post office, which is fine. I sometimes wish there was an amazing post office that stocked hunners of magazines, like Borders used to do, and had a Postman Pat with his cat and had great opening hours and was convenient, rather than perplexing. But that is a different reality / utopian dream, and for now as far as the Royal Mail and post offices go, this one is ok!
3	Very busy post office. Handily close to work & open a bit later than most.Has an eclectic selection of greetings cards, stationery & magazines & tourist fayre.
