3	This is one product I have paid retail for and regretted it once I found them in outlet stores and discount stores.  So, these days, I only buy Polo on a discount or eBay.  This is a huge store and probably the largest Ralph Lauren outlet I've been in. Besides men's and women's clothing, they have lots of towels, bed sheets, etc. I definitely would check this out the next time if someone on the Christmas list needs something from here.  I came in to browse for shorts and shirts and left empty handed.  They didn't have the style in the color I wanted.  I am still traumatized by all of the pastels and pinks in men's shirts and shorts. More than a few times I thought maybe they accidentally labeled men's when it should've been women's.  Then I picked up what could've been a floor rug...a XXL men's canary yellow button down with pockets sweater. Ugh. Did someone actually pick that thing up and try it on?I could just hear his grand kids pointing and giggling, "Grandpa, are you really going to wear that?" But it was still worth it to browse here if you're in the area.  Overall, I think their stuff is comfortable and lasts. But I'm getting more and more partial to synthetic fabrics instead of their totally cotton items.  I end up having to iron to have their all cotton stuff and all wool pants dry cleaned. How cool is it to pull a pair of synthetic pants out of the dryer with ho wrinkles, crease in place, and soft enough to wear all day.  Not too much of that stuff at Ralph Lauren.  But I still like their polo shirts and proud that I don't buy retail.
4	I preface this by noting that I am NOT a name brand whore. That being said, I was dragged here against my will by my fella who is a shopping fiend. He insisted that I find some tops for our trip to Europe that's coming up and I sulkily obliged. I was not in the mood to shop. Luckily, the staff here is friendly and helpful. They could tell I was not feeling this shopping excursion and did everything in their power to find the size and colors of particular tops I was interested in in order to save me time and effort. We happily left with quite a few purchases and a smile on both of our faces.I really appreciated the awesome customer service and will definitely be back.
1	No, it's not a mistake. Polo Ralph Lauren gets 1 star.Looking around for more work clothes, I dropped in and experienced "no" customer service. It's not like I'm biased and think that Polo is overpriced, I just find it irritating when associates don't know what they're doing or what they're selling. They may have been seasonal help but to "not" know what they have in their own store is ridiculous. Two different associates had no idea so I decided that I'd just have to give someone else my business. If they were at least trying to be helpful I'd feel differently however, I wasn't important to them and I was interfering with their "lives" with the questions I had for them.
3	This outlet location is okay. I liked that they had mens, womens, and kids clothes. I went during winter and they had a good amount of sweaters and jackets. The prices were reasonable but the store was pretty disorganized. Not a bad place to shop if you already know what you're looking for.
2	Even for an outlet location, this place was a disaster- tons of employees running around but store in disarray, they frequently bumped into us, squeezed past us, and generally made shoppers feel like they were in the way. Management did not appear to be present.Selection is decent, pricing was okay- most items 30 to 50% off "lowest ticketed price" which for most was the original price. Lots of outdated styles and clashing color combinations on the stocked merch, but if you need a sh-load of polo tees, this place has got you covered.
1	Employees here are so impolite to guests or even kind of racist. My friends were waiting for my at one of its exits. Also, many other guests exited at that exit. After I checked out, the manager demanded me exit at the nearest exit. Why? I said that my friends were waiting for me there. She kept pushing me out of the store just after I checked. Moreover, they required me to provide my email address. It should be my private.
