4	Love, Love, LOVED this new Italian spot right by Renegade Canteen. This is a new restaurant, but it already had plenty of people inside and I can see why. Even though it only opened 2 weeks ago, the service was excellent; very friendly and attentive. Whenever we had a question about the menu or what was good, our server always has an answer. I LOVED how this place was decorated. It showed great thought and was extremely modern, comfortable and stylish. I'm not usually one to really think about the overall look of the restaurant (unless it blows me away), and this place really had it all. Great lighting, interesting things to look at, TV's, flowers... EVERYTHING! Now for the most important part, the food. It was so good! My Husband and I shared the bruchetta, which was so good... we had 4 kinds. They were all good, but my favorite was the date and goat cheese. It was sweet and tangy. We also shared the rustic salad and brocolini pasta with sausage. The sausage tasted very fresh as did the salad. The best part was the cinnamon knots with carmel sauce, heavenly. This new restaurant is a breath of fresh air, The service and food were great. Next time I am in the mood for a place that service American Italian food I will for sure consider going to Stone and Vine, and so should you--- go support locally owned businesses!
2	New Jersey Italian.  Too much pasta, watery sauce and  only a few pieces of processed chicken; no flavor.  Great interior design and servers were friendly and attentive.  Hope with time and practice it improves.
3	Generally speaking, it's worth stopping in for drinks as the wine list is fairly decent and the appetizers and pizza are worthwhile, but I would skip this as an actual dinner place.  They do have a Pinot Bianco and a Nebbiolo by the glass that I rather enjoyed and the garlic knots and margherita pizza that we'd had were both flavorful.  The pizza had quite a bit of cheese, but the cheese was of good quality, not oily, and the pizza had good flavor as we'd also added onions and mushrooms to it.  It was generally fairly light and not one of the heavy, greasy creations that seem to be so common at many establishments.  Maybe I just had high expectations given the pizza and wine that we'd had previously, but on the occasion that we actually had dinner at Stone & Vine, it was quite disappointing.  I will provide full disclosure here and say that we did arrive approximately 15 minutes before the kitchen closed due to other engagements that evening, but I don't really believe that this was a factor given the fact that the place was still quite busy and there was still enough food coming out of the kitchen that it didn't appear that they'd been closing down and had just scraped together whatever was left to serve us. We started out with the bruschetta, I ordered the veggie panini which comes with the insalata mista, and my husband ordered a pasta dish that was supposed to have a spicy tomato sauce.  The bruschetta was just so-so and I probably wouldn't order it again as none of it was really memorable.  The tomato and basil variety was ho-hum, the eggplant option was flavorless and somewhat slimy, and the tapenade version didn't have much flavor other than salt.  I was pleased that my veggie panini didn't contain cheese and, rather, had a marinara sauce as the binding ingredient.  The bread, however, was tough enough that there was no other option than to bite into the sandwich, at which point the slimy, overcooked eggplant and zucchini slid out everywhere (I'm not a fork and knife person when eating a sandwich, but if the bread would have complied, I would have done so here as this was an absolute mess to eat).  The panini came, much to my surprise, with a full sized entree house salad, which was simply way too large a serving of rather mediocre salad ingredients.  It actually seemed a bit silly that they would bring out a gigantic plate of salad that dwarfed the sandwich with which it was served.  My husband's pasta entree was simply a huge plate of overcooked penne with a slightly spicy, but most unnoteworthy marinara sauce.  He was starving and still only managed to eat less than half of the entree due to its copious size.  Needless to say, we did not ask to box up the remainder.  This seems to be a typical example of a restaurant that aims to provide quantity over quality in their entrees.  The atmosphere is generally quite loud as there really isn't much in the way of decor to dampen the noise.  Another oddity that seems to occur is that when the staff finishes their shifts, they begin to fill the bar area.  I think a few times we've been the only people sitting at the bar who aren't employed here, which just creates a bit of a strange atmosphere.  I would venture to say that we'll be back for drinks and appetizers or pizza but not again for an actual dinner.
2	This is a mixed star review. I have averaged it out to a 2-star, but there is definitely a reason for a return visit which will hopefully garner a more positive updated review. One-Star: Two of our four entree orders were wrong. My friend ordered a salmon salad and specifically asked the waitress about the dressing. What she received was the salmon entree. I ordered the Pasta Primavera without peppers, substitute eggplant, and add shrimp. My pasta had NO shrimp and NO eggplant. At least they took the peppers out! Our server said she checked the order and that the kitchen made the mistake. Ten minutes later, the owner said the order was put in incorrectly. Go figure . . . he threw the server under the bus. (I hope she wasn't fired because she was otherwise really sweet.) Also one-star: Entrees were brought out at different times. Restaurants say they do this so that the patron will receive his or her meal fresh and hot without it withering under the heat lamps. I disagree . . . it is poor kitchen management and/or lack of skill in the kitchen end. Coordination is key. I don't want to be eating while my dining companions are still waiting for their meals . . . so by Emily Post standards, waiting under everyone is served, my food would be cold anyway. Three-Star: The food was okay, nothing spectacular. Maybe I too had high expectations based on other Yelpers reviews? Maybe we ordered the wrong items? I should also look more closely at who is reviewing the restaurant because people who tend to have only one review posted are not really reliable Yelpers. I digressed . . . The garlic knots where doughy and flavorless -- if you're going to call them garlic knots, you need to put more garlic in them! The calamari fritti was actually quite tasty. Both appetizers are good for sharing and each came with a salad accompaniment with a very delish dressing. My husband had the Veal Marsala which came with veggies and whipped potatoes. He polished it all off and thought it was a satisfying meal. One friend had the penne a la vodka and he too was satiated, but neither were bowled over. My friend's Salmon Salad (which they brought out long after the others had finished their meals) was good (I did taste it) and the lime dressing was heavenly. My pasta primavera was not only made incorrectly as stated above, but it was blah. Four-Star: The wine list has great options and my husband found a great Nebbiolo by the glass. Rarely does he order two glasses with a weekday meal, but this one was worth it. My girlfriend and I each had cantaloupe martinis. They were divine. Mine has a huge piece of cantaloupe which I saved until the very end as my "dessert". On the other hand, the bartender forgot to put a piece of melon in my friend's, so we had to ask for one. (More inconsistency.) The restaurant itself is aesthetically very nice with dark woods and stone. They have some very cool high top dining tables as a seating option. I can see how they would be really fun for sharing pizzas, bruschettas and having drinks. The restaurant is on the noisy side. Five-Star: How they handled our wrong orders and complaints. Let me start by saying we are not mean people and we are pretty easy to service. When the salmon salad came out as the salmon entree, we politely pointed it out to our server and she made good and apologized. Shortly after, when I discovered that my pasta was wrong, I laughed and said, "well you're going to be a little sorrier . . . " She again apologized and offered to have it redone. At that point, the guys had finished their meals and my friend was going to have her salad shortly, so I didn't want to linger and said I didn't really want it now. She took the item off our tab (packed it up to take with me), and also took the salmon salad off the tab as well. She offered to buy us another round of drinks or dessert, which we declined. She asked if we wanted to speak to the owner . . . we told her it wasn't necessary but then we thought better of it and asked to speak with him. I don't think our server was too happy about it . . . we didn't throw her under the bus . . . Joe, the owner, was very apologetic and sincere and asked if were would give Stone and Vine another chance. He asked us to wait one minute and came back with two gift certificates for $20 each. Big kudos to Joe for doing the right thing!
1	A group of us went last night, the lights were dimmed so low it was impossible to see the menu, we asked twice to turn the lights up and the waiter said the manager yelled at him when he tried to turn them up - so the waiter had to bring out several candles in order for us to read the menu.  The prices were reasonable, the noise was loud, the seating was nice but the main thing was they were out of certain items on the menu - they ran out of calamari and ricotta cheese.  I have never been to any Italian restaurant which ran out of ricotta cheese and since about 1/4 of the menu had items with ricotta they were not available to order.  Also the kitchen closes down even if their are people in the restaurant ordering food so that too limited the food we could order.  When ordering the Italian Sausage be advised the sausage is hot not mild so it is spicy which should be on the menu but was not, also when ordering hot tea be advised they do not have teapots nor do they bring a saucer for the tea cup so the waiter had to keep bringing cups of hot water out for us since there were no teapots.  Reasonable Prices, Some really good food while other food was just plain not good, The desserts - the cannolis which are real easy to make were very good and the tiramusi was good as well.  Their bread and rolls are home made but when they bring them out they are stone cold and taste awful so ask for hot bread and you will need to ask for it as the waiter will not casually bring it.  Also the wait staff does not bring out table spoons so we can roll our pasta and everything took so long the waiter just waited on us no personality, it took forever for he to come back and check on us and we were the only people in the restaurant so the service needs helpWe went back the following Thursday to see maybe they were having a bad night or something nope it was the same - they were out of two more ingredients this time - hot green tea and cavelli pasta plus we had to send out pizza which was awful back and the cannolis which were good the first visit were sent back this visit as they left out a key ingredient from the cream.  This place is hit and miss and the food is below average.  the appetizers are good esp the dates and the brie cheese otherwise not much else.
2	We went tonight as a group of 5 celebrating two birthdays.  My husband, myself, our daughter, Mother/Father-in-law.  We arrived at 5:30 on a Wednesday evening and were seated quickly.  Unfortunately, it was the only thing that was quick.  Everything else was slow, slow, slow.  It took a long time for the server to come to our table to acknowledge us and take a drink order.  My father-in-law gave her a dirty fork from his place setting when we sat down and she said she'd bring another one, which she never did.  He also asked her a question and she didn't know the answer and said she would find out which she never did.   We ordered two appetizers and everyone ordered an entree.  She said that she would wait to order the entrees so we would have time to finish the appetizers.  I had a feeling that wasn't a good idea and I was right because 5 people finished two small appetizers rather quickly and it was a long time before the food arrived. Long after we had ordered, she came back to ask my husband if he wanted chicken or veal...she couldn't remember.  Drinks sat empty on the table.  After we received our food, the server came once quickly to see how everything was.  I had a bit of food in my mouth and didn't have time to stop her to ask for another wine and more water....both glasses completely empty.  My daughter's glass was empty.  The server decided everything was fine and ran off.  I didn't have a chance to even ask for more water.  I think that she at least should have been able to see that glasses were empty.  We sat with empty plates for a long time after finishing dinner.  We waited a long time for the check.  When she brought the check I knew that if we didn't give her the credit card immediately we'd end up waiting a long time for her to return.  Unforunately she dropped the check and left before Father-in-law could get the credit card out so we waited a long time for her to come back.  The food was just okay.   The place was so loud that we felt like we had to shout to hear each other.  I had a headache by the time we were done.  :-(Honestly, we won't be back.  I can understand being busy, poor service/bad night/off night, so-so food, poor ambiance...but when it is all of those things combined into the first experience at a place it just makes me not want to come back.  There are too many other great places out there.
2	Okay - My brother and his wife visit this restaurant every Thursday evening after work.  And yes folks they are always out of something.  Ricotta, Calamari, Green Tea, Cavatelli pasta and this past Thursday they were out of Salmon.  The sous chef, Carlos came out to speak with us and agreed the Executive Chef is not ordering properly it seems they do not have much space for the food as the kitchen is small.  I recommended they delete some items from their menu esp the ones which are awful and there are many.  The Veggie Panini was really good and came with slightly under cooked roasted potatoes.  We chose not to order dessert esp since the had to send two desserts back previous times.  The appetizers Goat cheese stuffed dates with fried brie is really good along with the bruschetta.  We have a running bet, each week to see what they are going to be out of this time. When coming at night make sure you bring a flashlight as the manager will not turn the lights up and you can not read the menu.  Also plan for very loud noise and music you have to yell to hear and talk to anyone.  They do have  bar and comfy couches in the back plus most of the wait staff are awesome.
5	I'm ecstatic to have this delicious culinary spot off Shea (and right by my house)! The goat cheese and date bruschetta was amazing. We had the arugula and pear salad and their sausage, pepperoni, and proscuitto pizza... YUM! The service was great and the ambience was modern/rustic chic. I really enjoyed this new neighborhood hot spot and next time I want to try the prosciotto burger. Urban Italian never tasted so good.
5	I came here with some co-workers while in Arizona on business. We had a reservation for seven people at 6pm.We got there in a large group, and our table was ready to go. Our waters were given to us right away and our drink orders were quickly taken. I ordered the Riesling, which I have had before and it didn't disappoint.For starters, we ordered the fried zucchini and the calamari. Both were quite tasty. Extra points from me because the calamari was perfectly cooked, and not at all rubbery or chewy.I will admit, the server took a while to come take our orders, but with our large group, we were in no hurry. I ordered the turkey and brie pannini, and it did not disappoint. In fact, it was one of the best sandwiches I'd ever had. There was thinly sliced turkey, brie, grilled apples, and some sort of cranberry sauce that made it taste incredible. I traded half of my pannini for half a proscuitto pannini, and that sandwich was good too. In my opinion, not as good as the turkey one, but really close. There was real proscuitto di parma (not the cheap domestic stuff), fresh mozzarella, arugula, tomato, and some balsamic vinegar. We were too stuffed for dessert, so I can't comment there.Overall, I would recommend this place. It was always busy, but never too crowded and the staff were very nice.
3	My hubby and I went here for a friend's b-day (reserved back room for party of 16) on a Sat early evening.  The service was good and our server took care of us.  When bill-splitting time came, it was quite a mess.  We had already asked for separate bills but the server apparently never did it so it was a huge nightmare to split $500 tab amongst 6 CCs.  The 'manager' came out to take care of it since it seemed the server didn't know how to fix it and we waited an additional hour to get all the billing rectified (charge slips were all wrong).  The food was good, but I don't think the food was anything special, to be honest.  The place had a great atmosphere and all, just that nothing really stood out - no stellar meal, no stellar service, no stellar memory.  I had the vegetarian sandwich which was tasty and filling.  I also had the watermelon martini which was ok.  My husband had the veal marsala and said it was awesome.  This is why I'm giving it 3/5 since I can't do so-so of 2.5/5.  Like I said, nothing writing home about.
3	I think "A-OK" is an appropriate rating for Stone and Vine. Restaurant options in north Scottsdale can be a little limited, so it's nice to have another option. Their decor is stylish, you can tell they put a lot of thought into it. Our server was really nice, but I don't think they've gotten the flow from kitchen to table down quite yet. It wasn't anything bad, it just took a while between our appetizers and entrees. We started with the garlic knots which were tasty. They came with marinara and some greens. I had the vegetable panini which was good by veggie sandwich standards. It was a big portion and I enjoyed all the roasted vegetables. It came with house made chips on the side which the waitress said had really good seasoning. They were fresh and crispy, but they tasted like normal salted chips... maybe they forgot the seasoning? Stone and Vine is in my neighborhood, so I'm sure I'll be back. Overall, I think they have a good thing going, but just need to tweak and fine tune a little more to get everything running smoothly.
5	Great looking place. Tables at different heights and, believe it or not, space between tables! Please take note other places: room to get in and out of my chair w/o disturbing other diners GREATLY enhances the dining experience! The salmon fish special was imported directly from heaven. I'd expect a dish of this quality @ Spago or Noca. Kudos to the S & V chef for creating something so wonderful.
4	I went here a few weeks ago with a friend.  The staff were quite friendly and the food was very good.  As some of the reviews have already mentioned, they were out of a particular martini and also out of a type of pasta.   But their watermelon martini was the best I've ever tasted and I've lived in New York and am from Los Angeles!  All in all I will probably go back since it is close to where I live and still serve good food and great martini's.
3	Bruschetta and salads were ok. Service was friendly and attentive. Would like to explore more of the menu but worth a visit.
4	We thought we would try this place again, especially since they were sending out $20.00 coupons.  We arrive around 5pm which was during happy hour for dinner.  The appetizers for happy hour run between 5-9 dollars.  If you are with more than two people make sure you ask your wait staff how many appetizers are there on a particular item, as there was a few of us and we ordered the mozzarella cakes, but only 2 came with the plate for a whopping $7.00 - this app was way over priced.  The stuff dates with the goat cheese and brie is by far our favorite. Yes they were out of something as usual but lo and behold they sent someone next door to Sprouts to pick up the green tea and this made our day.  This is what I am talking about - good customer service.  They have made lots of changes since our last visit and the place is pretty packed now especially since Groupon has been selling $30 coupons  for $15.00...over 3500 have been purchased thus far.We are the eggplant parmgiana, which was perfect not to thick and no to thin..cooked perfectly.  We also ordered the new item Eggplant Rollitini which was huge so we had to split it and was very good - thinly sliced eggplant wrapped with ricotta cheese atop a bed of pasta which is cooked al dente.I was surprised how good the food was and think they have a new cook.  The one think I do not like is - this place is an Italian restaurant and you are going to need bread to wipe up all the sauce on your plate, but they no longer have free bread.  They only have bread baskets if you pay for it, I have never in my life been to a place where they charge for bread.  Yes it is $2.00 and the asst manager explained the reason why but the reasoning was about their staff not doing the job so it was easier to charge for the bread and keep it hot if they went by bread orders....Kind of cheesey.  It will be interesting to see if the people keep coming back after the coupons expire.  The wait staff has been updated and I think the asst mgr and cook are knew.  It is good to know they are now pleasing the customer and cooking some really good food.  I still don't like the pizzas, but the panini's are real good and of course the eggplant dishes.  The fact they went to Sprouts to get green tea for us which was awesome esp since our table drank like 20 cups of it, they are taking the time out to meet the needs of the customers is why I gave it 4 stars.
4	This place is really cool looking. And the happy hour is great! Love love love their calamari!
2	I had the eggplant parmagiana with pasta.  I liked the eggplant but didn't care for the penne with sauce.  The sauce has nothing going for it.  My companion ordered one of his favorites, chicken marsala.  It was accompanied by less than 1/4  cup of garlic mashed potatoes and veggies.  The chicken cutlets were small and thin.  Half way through his meal he asked me if we had anything in the fridge at home because he was definitely still hungry.  He said it was the first time he ate a meal at the restaurant but was still hungry.  Needless to say,  I had to go home and whip something up.No bread was served. At an italian restaurant?????  I think that they have to rethink the size of their portions if they want to start in business.  I would have difficulty going back because I would still have to come home and cook!  The server was excellent by the way.
2	In all fairness to my prior review, the chicken marsala was delicious despite the smallness of the portion.  I also forgot to add that they were out of meatballs and calamari at the time we arrived (6:30pm).  Italian restaurant out of meatballs????? And calamari was to be my appetizer!.  This place is so close to where I live. I wish they would get their act together!
5	Italian the way out should be. Enough said. Coming from Chicago, I know pizza, and they have it done right.
2	I had a bad experience at this restaurant. I was there with a group of friends. We got there at 1:50pm, and were seated at 2:00pm for lunch, which was fantastic-no wait. However, we didn't get our plates until almost 4:25pm. Our orders weren't taken promptly, and were mixed up. I have a food allergy, and I notified our server, but I received my order WITH the food that I am specifically allergic to, so I had to send it back for a redo, which took another 20 minutes, so by the time I got to eat, it was close to 4:45pm, and at that point, it was almost 3 hours I was at that restaurant. I will not return to this restaurant.
4	Solid performer in the neighborhood, had some good meals so far.  Surprised to read all the poor reviews; maybe the place has gotten into their rhythm finally!   Cheaper than Renegades next door, and a welcome bit of competition as Renegades has gone down in my opinion. The date and brie appetizer is awesome; the fig and proscuttio pizza also a delight (I think it was a special but I had it at least twice in a few weeks!).  I tend to prefer the bar area (full menu available, nice high-top tables and casual atmosphere). The service can be on the slow side, but there is one waitress there who kicks ass - definitely been around the restaurant business a while, knows her job and does it well (don't know her name but she has dark hair and a powerful personality!). They do have a few 'only in Scottsdale' blonds and a rather detached lady manning the 'front door' ... but all part of the experience!  Bartender is great. And you must try the Zeppole's ... I'm not a dessert person but even I can't resist these things!
2	I so wanted to give this a better review, and there are a lot of good things about this place, but they have made some controversial changes since last summer and, well, they are having a little trouble keeping up with the increased customer demand.First of all, they used to have one of the best happy hour menus around for food quality/variety and drinks for the prices. In the past few months, they have almost doubled the happy hour prices, and shaved some of the most simple amenities from the dishes - kind of like when cereal prices go way up and then you realize that the box sizes have shrunk too. Wow - that's not cool. So the zuppa di clams used to be excellent and priced well with Italian bread on the side to soak up all that clam/garlic/white wine broth. A short two months later. the happy hour menu posts this at almost twice the original happy hour pricing, the bread costs extra (seriously?) and my most recent order the clams were rubbery and too salty and also slightly smaller portion.There is very little ambiance to this restaurant - bunches of tables out in the open and close together so no quiet seating or elegance - but I assume that was by design. And that was perfect when it was great Italian food at a good price. Now that the prices are inflated and the food not so good - the "cafeteria style" seating becomes more of an issue. There's just not very much to like here.Hope they find their way back. It was great when it first opened. Hope they are listening to their customers and reading these reviews. There are an awful lot of dining options in Scottsdale and that place they occupy has seen it's share of former failures.
4	Excellent food and service.  Server was very friendly and attentive.  Okay wine selection but the food was very good.  There was no wait for a table - but it was pretty busy.  Server to table ratio seemed good and they all worked as a team to keep tables clean and cleared.  Would absolutely go back.
2	Visited this location for lunch with small group and was certainly a bit disappointed with the food. I had an Italian Panini sandwich and I guess I was expecting the domestic interpretation of a Panini - a warm, pressed sandwich. Instead I received a cold sandwich with lots of meat (mostly ham) that was far different from my expectations. If their intent is to use a non-American definition of Panini on the menu they should be more clear as to what they are actually serviing.The others in the group expressed similar sentiments - not hot pizza; not hot fries; too little dressing on the salad; a nominal amount of bacon in the salad.Service was fine and prices are reasonable but the execution of the food simply wasn't there.
3	2 of us for dinner on a recent Thursday night.  First time here.  Arrived around 6:30, the place was packed, we waited about 10 minutes for a table.  Would have waited at the bar but there was no space available there.  So we stood by the door....too cool to wait outdoors.Interesting environment, cool lighting.  This place is loud and tables are very close to each other.  It's cozy but if you want to have a quiet evening with intimate conversation, go somewhere else.  Good service overall.    Took a look at the HH menu that runs until 7pm.  No big savings from what I could see, a few bucks off here and there.  A very smooth Malbec for $6.  Skipped the appetizers and went right to the real food.  We ordered homemade ravioli off the evening specials menu and chicken saltimbocca off the regular menu.  The ravioli was surprisingly good, covered by a light cream sauce.  Saltimbooca didn't get it for me, it was more like SALTimbocca.  The sauce was way too salty and didn't have much flavor.  Came over sauted spinach which was very good, and a side of linguini covered with SALTimbocca sauce.  We ended the meal with a delightful slice of lemon cheesecake.  Nice way to counteract the SALT from dinner.Bill came to $45 - soda, 1 glass wine, 2 entrees & dessert.All told, I liked this place - think I just made a bad entree decision.  Will give it another try with another dish next time.
5	Saturday evening walked in around 7:00 and were immediately seated.  By 7:30 the restaurant was full.  Ordered the Eggplant Rollotini and every bite was delicious!  The eggplant was wrapped around a light, fluffy ricotta mixture and placed on top of spaghetti, smothered in marinara sauce.  There are 4 Rollotinis which was more than enough for one person to eat.  I believe this entree could also be ordered as an appetizer and shared between 2-4 people. Ciao!
3	First off, I feel like a social pariah for my indifference toward Stone and Vine; my entire family loves it, and yet I cannot seem to warm up to the place. Although the service is consistently adequate (especially when I go there with my dad - he likes to flirt with all the cute waitresses), the food is for the most part unremarkable.On a lighter note, Stone and Vine is a great addition to the neighborhood. Central Scottsdale is sorely lacking in the wine bar department, so it's nice to see such a place establish itself in the area. The happy hour is pretty great as well - I am a fan of the Margherita pizza (which I believe is $6 between 5 and 7) and the Zuppa de clams. Their wine selection is limited in comparison to other wine bars, but I still have no real complaints here.I also think it is a tad overpriced for what they serve, but they tend to appear on Groupon quite frequently ($20 for $30 worth of food - or possibly $15 for $30) which makes dining there worthwhile. It is also quite family-friendly, which is perfect for the typical clientele in the area. Overall, I would recommend giving Stone and Vine a try... the restaurant has great energy and the service is good - it also has a very local feel, which is somewhat uncommon in the central-north Scottsdale restaurant scene.Bon apetit!
5	Fantastic new restaurant. An amazing attentive staff, consistent food and great happy hour. Great new spots in the neighborhood.
2	Third time's the charm!  Yep, I have dined here for the last time. The food is plainer than a mud fence.  It's such simple fare, too.  Why isn't it better?  My repast of 2/20/12 began with iced tea that tasted like an old foot smells.  Next up was the fried calamari app with a sidecar of tomato pookie.  Tender, yes, but greasier'n a drippin' bicycle chain.  And the panko batter wasn't totally enrapturin' the parts.  Undaunted, The Beau and I then took  advantage of a coupon offer of twoferone woodfired oven pizzas.  The Beau had a veggie (sans da mozz!).  I designed my own sausage 'n' 'shroom (sans tomato pookie!).  Beau's veggie looked good and he said it was.  It was certainly colorful with all the fresh veggies.  My designer original was, though, a pure letdown.  My feathers fell when the waitron started the pie's angle for the table's landing strip:  all my baby browns could see was -- Christ, almighty God! Elizabeth, I'm comin' to get ya! -- sliced Italian sausage.  Lord knows I shy from practicing anthropomorphism, but I can't believe any Hephaestus-fearing, woodfired oven would allow sliced sausage to enter its pie hole.   Fergawdsakes, Italian sausage is easy to make.  It's ground pork with some spices.  Make it yourself, Stone & Vine!  And you don't slice it.  You grab bits of it and throw it on the pie -- just like Nello's does it.  Anywho, as soon as the pie's landing gear touched the woodmac I immediately started dreadin' that first bite.  And sure enough, my fears were realized:  bland didn't even begin to describe the sausage.  Shame, too, 'cause the pie's crust had a good tooth to it.  Upshot?  Uh, Mr. Clark, I'll give da joint two stars.  Bland food.  Nice, comfy decor.  Tables have lots of space so there's room to cuss a cat.  Friendly staff.  And a good burn on the pizza crust.  Call when you find work, Stone & Vine.
5	I really like Stone and Vine. I think it's a great local restaurant to satisfy a martini or panini craving. Austin is my favorite bartender - he makes a mean dirty martini and caters to my high maintenance need for bleu cheese stuffed olives. I recently had the turkey and brie panini, which was just incredible. I love anything with brie, and this sandwich may just be my favorite thing on their menu. The prosciutto panini is excellent as well. They do the bruschetta thing, similar to and just as yummy as Postino's and 5th & Wine. Entree-wise, I love that I can always count on some sort of scallop dish to be featured as a special for the week.
2	Spent more than $45.00 with an out-of-town guest, who was shocked that we were charged for "bread". She asked, "How can that be?"Disappointing... hope that changes...
4	Stone and Vine is tucked away in the center behind Sprouts, right next to  Renegade Canteen.  It's spacious and has a modern, eclectic feel.  We were a larger group, and they sat us at smaller tables of four. This wasn't a problem, but it was unexpected. The service was prompt and the staff were attentive, but it seemed to take a long time for our food to arrive; when it did I was very pleased. The vegetable flatbread had plenty of veggies and wasn't "over-cheesed".  The pear and arugula salad was tasty; I felt satisfied even with the small size. The prices were slightly higher ($2 for each additional topping on a pizza?), but I'm willing to pay more for quality ingredients. All in all a nice dining experience.
3	Good food.  Good wine list.  Good enviroment.
2	Food is going down the tubes fast.  What a way to kill a restaurant!!!  BREAD CHARGE!!!!  REALLY??????????????
4	I haven't enjoyed better lasagna anywhere, and I'm particular.    I can't speak for the rest of the menu, but if you like lasagna, you'll be a happy camper.   Tastes homemade, with an excellent red sauce and lots of ricotta.  Yum.
2	First visit by three of us last night.  Place was packed but service was friendly and cheerful.  Our advice:  don't order the veal or chicken marsala unless you like (1) your entree smothered and covered with thick, artery clogging, sweet sauce that is enough to even make you yearn for Olive Garden food and (2) the 'side" of pasta to be bigger than and covering the entree it comes with.  We'll try it again for the pizza sometime, but not too soon.
5	I've eaten here a few times and have had a great experience each time.  The wood fired pizzas are great for a main dish and they're also great as a shared appetizer.   The pasta I have ordered was cooked perfectly (al dente) and the main entrees all were fantastic.  I would also recommend trying a few of their dessert choices.  The zeppoles, while not the same that I used to get off the street in New York, were fantastic and the cannolis were great to share with the table.
4	I like this place...I have to say living within a 3 minute drive is prolly a key factor in us liking this place but it has good food, decent prices, and the environment is chill, modern and slightly upscale (but I still had on jean shorts and a tank top when eating dinner there with my baby and husband)We have had the pizzas, salads (chop was good!) and their desserts were also good.  Decent food and convenient for us as a family to dine at.  TIP to restaurant: get better high chairs please!!!
1	This place would get zero stars if it wasn't for the beautiful decor and nice wait staff.The food is my biggest complaint. We first ordered the antipasto which had a watery mozzarella that had no flavor And the texture of a dry cottage cheese cake floating in brine. And the meat tasted like it was out of a pack of Carl buddig corned beef.The chicken calabrese... Where to begin... If I closed my eyes I was back in an underfunded public elementary school cafeteria eating bland watery pasta off of an old plastic tray. Everything on the plate was watery as if it had been frozen and thawed many times.  The chicken was a pressed flat blob that was probably made from pressed meat and not a real chicken breast. The chicken Parmesan was equally as horrific, the red sauce tasted like spoiled hunts (the canned crap you buy at the store for .79$ a can)Frankly I'm dreading what this stuff will do in my stomach. I don't know if I should purge now or risk having my pants fill with brown foam later.3 dishes of sheer utter horror.... I'd pay 3$ for each and not be terribly shocked. But $18 a plate at $17 for the crappy lunch meat and sock cheese plate... Save yourself The pain. Go to oreganos farther down on Shea
5	This is a wonderful new restaurant in Scottsdale.  I've been there for lunch and dinner at least 12 or more  times now and everything I have tried has been great.  The salads are way above average.  The Mista and Chopped are very good, and the salmon salad is served with dark dark greens and a zesty lime vinaigrette dressing if you're looking for an extra healthy salad with a little zing. The pizzas are excellent, nice thin crust, and the scallops diavlo is amazing - huge scallops seared just right is a spicy marinara over pasta.  The only negative is the scallop entre is $23, which is fine for dinner, but a little steep for lunch.  They'll make this for you even if its not on the menu, which is cool.  And lastly, I have turned about 8 people on to their meatball appetizer and everyone raves.  The meatballs are nothing that unusual, they're just large and perfect Italian meatballs.  The servers have been great and the bartenders are a riot - good mixologists too.
3	Good neighborhood restaurant. Try the goat cheese & date brushetta -- truly fabulous. The meatball sliders are also quite tasty (update, these are no longer on the menu ) Be sure to checkout the chalkboard for specials on both cocktails & food. Definitely worth a try.
1	Average food, overpriced for mediocre qualty, and genius owner would not accept its own promotion card "Buy one Entree and get another Entree FREE" because Linguini with Clans and Spaghetti and Meatballs were not considered Entrees. Because its located close to home, we stop by often. Never again. If you want good Itailam, try Giavonnis, Tesuro, or several more places pretty close by. What a joke.
4	We have eaten here a few times now and every time we have enjoyed our meal.  We usually get a plate of bruschetta (sp?) and then our own meal.  Last time I had a panini and it was gigantic and tasty, two good things in my book.  The beer selection tends to be lackluster, and the happy hour doesn't give great deals, but for a one-in-a-while dinner, this is a place to think about.
4	Was on the way home and remembered if I'm going to write a review I need to pay more attention to menu and prices. For my family this is the perfect end of the week I don't want to cook place. Menus and drink order came quickly. Food delivered very fast for a busy Friday night. Pizza is thin crust and came in just 5 minutes....wow. I'd rate the food average, but must say all in our group of 6 said we need to come back.
5	MUST start with garlic knots! All the pastas are amazing! Penne al pollo is definitely a must try.
4	My First time there was for lunch.  The food was fantastic. The service was sub par. Waitress disappeared for a good while. I ordered my pizza without mushrooms and it came out covered in them. The waitress who took our order delivered us the food and was clueless.
5	We had a fabulous  lunch at Stone and Vine . The tomato sauces are excellent ! The gelato was yummy and service was very good.... will be going back soon !!
5	This place is really good italian food. I've only been here a couple times, but the service is always friendly and the food is always delicous and the portions are really good. Its a small restaurant but that makes it nice. There is a bar area where you can sit and eat or a dining area. I have absolutely nothing bad to say about this place. I would suggest the chicken parmigana panini with alfredo instead of marinara. Just saying...
4	Delicious. Wait staff was great. Nice atmosphere. Recommend!
4	Cute ambiance and beautiful, intimate decor, with interesting "share" tables available for larger parties.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by this place.My friend Michelle had a coupon for "Buy one Panino get one Free." The food was delicious and the service was superb. I ordered the prosciutto panini and and it was fantastic.  I can't say enough good things about the wonderful warm service of our waitress! Definitely will be back!The interior is cozy and definitely not at all pretentious.
3	OK, the good, it isn't overpriced and they do have good happy hour prices.  Now the bad, the food is simply mediocre.  The menu looks great but the food is all bland. The marinara sauce tastes more bland then Ragu. Salads were also nothing special.  I would advise going elsewhere in search of good Italian.  Service was good, otherwise it was 2 stars.
3	This place is deece--if you can get a table and deal with nightmarish Scottsdale crowds.We tried to check Stone and Vine on what we thought was early a few Fridays ago. At 6:00 there was a 45 minute wait and the area around the bar was PACKED. Like, can't move. It looked like a country club convention threw up all over it. WINE WINE WINE, and middle-agers chugging it! It was kind of comical, but we didn't really feel like waiting in standing-room only for that long.So I made a reservation last week and tried again. We were sat in the very back by the kitchen, but whatevs. Maybe they want women clad in rhinestone-adorned back jean pockets to walk in and see only familiar faces. Service took a while, but I think it's because our gal was overwhelmed. I saw her party of 7 beckon her over to take their orders once she came by for our drink orders. And it took a while to get from the bar for drinks back to our table, roughly half a mile away.The good though, was the food. The pizza was spectacular! I'm not sure how they made it so crispy/charred underneath and fluffy inside?! It boasted an garlicky olive oil base, covered in housemade fresh mozz, tomato, spinach and a sprinkling of ricotta, which I'll sub out for feta if I get it next time. Just needed a little flavor contrast.  Boyfran had the meatball panini, which he dubbed one of the best of all time. The salads we started with were amazeballs. Lots of veggies and fresh shaved parmesan on top.We'll be back, but only with a reso and only to laugh at the crowd. Food this close to home cannot be beat.
5	Reading the reviews I was a bit skeptical, but this place was a great Monday lunch date for two girlfriends. The service was exceedingly helpful and happy, and the food was truly delish. I had the turkey panini with lentil soup, and it was seriously divine -- the soup in particular. My friend went with the capresese panani and loved every bite.The decor is nice. The staff is nice. Parking is easy. Lunch specials are $8. Seriously, what more do you want?
4	Surprisingly grear!  Meatball and glass a wine.  BEST!!
4	I went here for my husband's birthday on a recommendation from a friend.  It was an excellent decision.We made a reservation, but we still had a bit of a wait.  It is a VERY popular place on a Friday night.  The place was packed, but the server took good care of us.  The only complaint with the meal was that our calimari was overdone and a bit greasy.  I just won't order it again.My hubby had a wonderful chicken salad that he raved about for 2 days.  And I had Linguini with white clam sauce and the roasted brussel sprouts.  I would get those brussel sprouts again just as a dinner, they were fantastic.  The clams were perfectly cooks and the sauce was devine.We even took home a Nutella Calzone.  Super yummy, but they included ice cream in the to go box and didn't tell us and it was melted by the time we got home.
4	I've been here twice and both times I left happy....and full. Last time I went I had the seafood risotto and thoroughly enjoyed it. Many times when I've ordered an entree that has an array of different types of seafood I usually get stuck with a huge plate of chewy calamari. The bruschettas are also tasty, I really think the quality of the bread helps out a lot. A HUGE plus to Stone & Vine is that the prices aren't high, I believe the most expensive thing on the menu is $19. It's not the best Italian food I've ever had, but it's a solid meal and reasonably priced.
3	I came here on a super awkward date and thankfully the service was swift enough that I didn't last too long. I had never been, nor even heard of this place, but he suggested both AZ88 and here and since sandwiches on a first date is totally awkward, I picked Stone and Vine. On a Tuesday night, it was pretty empty. The bar was full and there was a handful of groups scattered throughout the restaurant. Our server seemed to be handling all the tables and so wasn't entirely prompt, but we also weren't sitting there twiddling our thumbs. The wine offerings are pretty good, naturally they have more Italian selections than any other. I was able to find a red that I enjoyed and he seemed to like his glass of white. Although it wasn't finished. The menu is pretty standard "American style Italian", you've got your pizzas, sandwiches and pastas. The obligatory Chicken parm, Marsala, piccata, etc. You also have a fairly large risotto section that I didn't really look at. I was hoping to find a piece of fish, but there either wasn't anything listed or it didn't look good. I went with the Chicken Picatta and it was all right, but basically drowning in butter. Which is kind of what Picatta IS. Anyway, I ate half of it so as to not look like a pig. The music selection was strange for an Italian restaurant, they played mostly top 40. Why don't they play Italian music? Is that cheesy? I don't know, but I'd rather not listen to Maroon 5 and Lady Gaga while I'm supposed to be having a nice quiet dinner. Would I come back? No. Did I hate it? No. Would I recommend it? Nah, but I guess if you're in the area and are jonesing for some pasta, it isn't a bad option. So there you have it.
4	We really like Stone & Vine and look for opportunities to come here.The three of us were here for a birthday last Saturday and had a great time.  We made reservations for 6 pm and we were greeted and seated quickly.  Our server Marisa came by almost immediately with water glasses and to give us a brief description of the specials.We each started with a glass of wine which ranged from $8.00 to $11.00. Since it was still during Happy Hour we were also able to order off the HH menu. One of the nice things about Stone and Vine's appetizer menu is mixing and match four different Bruschettas for $11.00 (see photo).  The Garlic knots for $5.00 are delicious and a must!For dinner, I debated between the spicy Arrabbiata sauce and the Bolognese.  Marisa solved my dilemma by recommending the spicy Bolognese.  Wow, never thought of that!  It was $14.00, plus $6.00 for meatballs and sausages.  Our group also ordered the Eggplant Parmigiana with Ziti for $14.00 and a HH White Pizza for $5.00. Everything was yummy and very good.Our bill ran us around $29 each, including wine, appetizers and taxes, but not gratuities. Stone and Vine is a very nice, upscale Italian bistro.Enjoy!
5	A group of us visited Stone and Vine this past Friday for happy hour and we absolutely loved it. The service was stellar - friendly and instructive on the menu. Food was great, we had a couple of flatbreads, some meatballs, the clams and the mussels. All excellent. Very cool vibe inside as well. Highly recommend visiting this location.
4	We love the happy hour!  4 of us spent $100 on 3 bottles of wonderful wine and 3 dishes that we couldn't even finish!  Our server, a lovely young lady whose named starts with a "ch" (no one can remember.  did I mention 2 bottles of wine?)  The only down side is that it is very noisy.  Very.
5	Amazing food! Delicious everything every time! A must try if you like Italian food.
5	My wife and I have recently ate here twice in the same week. Love the atmosphere, Great food, prices are reasonable, happy hour is fun with great specials and decent discounts. Oh, the service was great as well!
5	Big fan of Stone & Vine!   I took my family there for the first time last week.   They had a nice atmosphere and big menu selection.  You must order the brussel sprouts off the appetizer menu, sauteed in Bacon and Onions.  YUM.The clientele seemed to be on the "mature side"  (lots of patrons in the 60+ age range)  -- nevertheless, they were rockin happy hour.   Going back again soon.
4	Came on Saturday night and had a wonderful meal. There was only one misstep, and unfortunately for our server, it was one that made for a difficult evening for him for the rest of the night.We were a party of 7, and it all started very well with seating us, and taking our drink orders immediately. The misstep? He came back to take our dinner orders before the drinks arrived. Sounds like a small thing, right? Normally it is - although I will say that, in my opinion, that should not happen. Because now you've created a feeling that either a) you're being rushed; or b) the drinks were taking a very long time to be delivered. Unfortunately, this did not sit well with dad. And from that point on he was obsessed by it. He really, really, really wanted his drink. (An aside: he was under an amazing amount of stress, the family had all flown in to be with him, and he really needed a drink....'nuf said). His release was to make a stinkin' big deal about this all night. I believe the server handled the situation as well as he could - but he really never tapped into making sure his drinks overlapped....and there was much conversation about it. The server did well with all the food orders, and checking in with us as often as possible. Okay - I'm done with that portion of the evening.The food was absolutely delicious - by ALL accounts. I would ask that they warn people about the appetizer portions....I'm from California, so when I order a spicy mussels starter, I expect maybe 6 mussels in a small bowl. No - this thing was HUGE. Fortunately I sat next to daughter who ate about 20 mussels, leaving me 6. I also had the mushroom risotto, and it was delicious. Even grumpy dad, who started with the caprese, had the veal picatta, and ended with the Tiramisu and a glass of port, readily agreed that the food was excellent.The atmosphere is just right - casual enough to not be stuffy, but modern enough to be kinda hip. It's a very good find and next time we're in town, we will be back.
4	Very good Happy Hour and casual dining. They have reasonably priced Happy Hour specials, drinks and food. The food is very good and they change up their specials daily. The one time we did have an issue with a meal the staff were very engaging, apologetic and wanted to make things right.The atmosphere is fun, it can get a little loud at the bar end of the building but that adds to the fun. They have multiple flatscreen TVs in the bar area.
1	Appetizers were yummy   calamari,  meat balls....  good        all great and first part of chop salad was delicious till I pulled 16" hair out of the salad and my mouth simultaneously.... ghastly and a little vomit ensued.....   they need to use hair nets in the kitchen for sure.... all other aspects good but cant go back!
5	Friendly atmosphere, wonderful waiter, delicious food!  We will return to this comfortable yet sophisticated restaurant.
5	The best restaurant in the neighborhood, both the food and service are great.  Also, wide variety of food and have yet to taste something I don't like!!
3	Sand in the Clams!  We were a large party who came to the restaurant early in the evening.  The appetizers we shared included Eggplant Rollatini, fried calamari, and the traditional caprese.  The eggplant appetizer was terrific with a red sauce that had a freshness/zing to it.  The calamari was cooked properly.  The tomato and mozzarella of the caprese were cut thick.  The veal marsala was very good.  I ordered the linguini with white clam sauce.  The taste was terrific (usually too bland at other restaurants) and the linguini was cooked properly.  The kitchen missed badly on the cleanliness of the clams, where I encountered an unwelcome, experience-ruining presence of sand.  I stopped eating after the third encounter.  Avoid this dish.  The wait staff offered a dessert to compensate for this issue, which was inadequate.  The ambiance is noisy and boisterous in a positive way, so kids are welcome.  The kids in our party enjoyed their angel hair pasta, but were a bit surprised at the light texture of the meatballs.  The restaurant offered $2 off appetizers during happy hour, even on a Saturday night.  Another yelper indicated that the appetizer portions were huge, but that did not align with our experience ... we placed multiple orders for the rollatini and calamari.  Stone IPA on tap was a pleasant surprise.  Those who drank wine expressed a high level of satisfaction with the wine choices/prices.  I saw another yelper comment about hair in their salad, and we did have a similar issue with a caesar salad (anchovies $1 extra).  Agree with a previous yelp review indicating that the prices are not high at this restaurant.  If the kitchen would get their act together and properly clean the shellfish, I would give 4 stars.
4	I frequent this location almost weekly for the mushroom or seafood risotto. The atmosphere and price is good while the service is great. I also really enjoy the eggplant parmesan. Its a regular italian restaurant and you get what you see in scottsdale. Never a disappointment.
1	Came here with a girlfriend for a quick lunch. We were quickly greeted and seated. We ordered the Mista salad to start with and monte bianco. When our salad arrived we were delivered the wrong salad - don't get me wrong the salad we received was good but it wasn't what we ordered, then our pizza came.... THE WRONG PIZZA CAME! Both times we told the food runner and he looked mortified, but told us it would take a bit for the new pizza to cook so we just ate the other pizza. I am still dumb founded that we ordered two things and both things were wrong - they weren't even busy. But what we did receive was really good - So i just don't know if we caught them on an off day or what, but I would be willing to try it again, I just better get the food I order next time ;)
4	We had patronized this restaurant shortly after it opened and regretted the experience. It seemed time to give it a try again since it has some good reviews. Things are much better.  We had a good lunch. We ordered the prosciutto and fig pizza and enjoyed it. Interesting flavors. The prosciutto was good. The crust just the right consistency. We started with two small salads. The chop salad was good. The ingredients were well mixed and good flavor. The only problem with the arugula and pear salad was the pear wasn't very ripe. We had the nutella dessert pizza. Everything tasted good though ice cream would have helped. Lots of good wine by the glass. I particularly liked the primativo which was a very good flavor and went well with the pizza and dessert. Obviously there is a following as there was a good crowd for lunch. Service was adequate. The only problem was after salad our cutlery was removed, we had no silverware when the pizza arrived and there was no sign of the waitress. She returned soon and saved me from swiping someone else's knife and fork. Good experience. I recommend it.
3	This is a typical Scottsdale feed stop. It has an upscale atmosphere with a good bar and a decent drink menu. Despite being in Scottsdale they have some decent lunch specials. Their Paninis are delicious and so are their salads which I believe have pine nuts in them. A good lunch option is the half panini and soup combo.
3	I came here with my family to try something new in Scottsdale since a few of us were visiting from out of town. DISCLAIMER: I typically won't go anywhere under 4 stars but my Mom had been here a few times and seemed to enjoy it and we had a large party and we were able to get in on a Friday night.  We were seated at a large round tableIn the center of the restaurant. It was very difficult to hear conversation across the table without yelling. Our waitress never formally introduced herself and was mediocre at best. Not to mention her uniform looked as if she was going to a Pilates class. I didn't expect my server at a nice dinner restaurant to be clad in black leggings and a spaghetti strap tank top. I wasn't starving so I ordered an appetizer of brussels sprouts with panchetta and the pasta fagioli soup. The food all came out in a timely manner and was presented very well. I didn't love my Brussels sprouts but then again I have had some pretty epic sprouts so they were a huge let down. My soup was the biggest let down. On the menu it clearly explains the contents of the soup: Tubetti pasta, white beans, diced prosciutto de Parma & mixed vegetables. In my whole bowl of soup I did not spot one tube of tubetti pasta or diced prosciutto. The whole soup was really just white beans and broth. It had a nice taste, but I would have loved a few of the other elements. I had a bite of my dads meatballs which were very good and the rest of the family seemed to like their meals ok.  Consensus: We talked it over as a family and decided we wouldn't go back as a group again. I think if I were to go again I would go with one or two people so I could hear everyone's conversation and would try the pizzas next time.
5	Really great little lunch spot. The BLT is wonderful. Nice atmosphere and good prices.
3	Not a bad place to grab a quick bite that's reasonably priced.I wish I could comment further but there is nothing about this place that really stands out.  Decent food, decent prices.
4	Great salmon picatta, sandwiches and spaghetti though a bit pricey for weekend lunch (dinner size servings and prices).Great service too.  Good kids menu if you have little ones along.The happy hour prices are barely reduced or I would stop by for happy hour too (only $1-$2 off many items)
4	Good Italian fare served in a lively Bistro setting.  Delicious pasta dishes were served well.It was a bit expensive and the background music was terrible.We'll come back.
5	Great atmosphere for this part of Scottsdale although the parking can be challenging. Highly recommend the lasagna and the garlic bread that comes with it. I'll be coming back!
5	Fabulous penne vodka, darling! Parking is challenging, but the food is wonderful! My husband had the lasagna and it was just fabulous, darling. Haha. Seriously though, the food was very very good!
4	Nicer ambience than a corner pizza place. Food is generally really good with nice size portions. Variety on menu is excellent. have been back will continue to go. I am very picky about the restaurants I frequent and this is one place I would recommend for casual dining.
5	Awesome place, great atmosphere and a wonderful staff! Joe and Gabi the owners are one of a kind. Consider us regulars!
5	This place has to be one of the best Italian restaurants in all of Scottsdale. The food is amazing and the service is quick.  I ordered the meatballs as an appetizer and was almost so full that I couldn't eat my salad that followed! We also had our office holiday luncheon here in the back family style rooms which are great to seat 7 or more people.  I have gone here over four times and have NEVER had a bad meal :)
4	Awesome place! I've been here a couple times but this time just made my weekend! A group of 8 of us went here after being told the wait at Ling and Lui's was about 2 hours. None of us were too hungry as we had just came from a loved ones funeral earlier that day that included a large lunch. We just wanted some drinks and maybe appetizers, however once we were seated (immediately, might I add) in the cozy back room that we had all to ourselves and viewed the menu our minds changed. Everything sounded good. Dave, our waiter, started us off by offering us drinks, peach bellini's, mai tai's, and beer mmmm.  An appetizer of garlic knots and rollitini got things going. Very tasty and not too garlicky. Next round of drinks same as before plus one white sangria. Then our entrees of meatball hamburger, mussels fra diavlo, spaghetti and meatballs, penne primavera, pizza, chicken parm panini, seafood pasta and scallop picatta. No complaints from the family! Dave made us feel welcome and even changed the tv channel for my uncle! One of the managers came over and checked on us as well.  Great service, atmosphere, food and company made a for a much needed break from the day.
4	I went there for  a lunch meeting. The food and service was great with large portions.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in scottsdale! Try the stuffed dates...soooo good. I don't know why it only got 3.5 stars. It's always busy and has a great atmosphere.
3	Kind of like Scottsdale meets Jersey shore.  Solid Italian American menu that is deserving of neighborhood patronage, assuming that you can deal with the added decibels created by the patrons and the layout.
4	I'm always looking for good Italian place, and Stone and Vine is definitely a GREAT Italian place! I'm excited to go back and try more, because my first time I ordered a salad. Pssh, what?!  Don't get me wrong, it was a VERY delicious salad, but I had my eye on a few other dishes I saw. Pizza, panini, and pasta? Oh my!I ordered the Harvest salad and loved it, great flavors. Everyone else I dined with enjoyed their meals as well, no complaints! The service was friendly, the food took a long time to arrive, but with a  large party I guess that's to be expected. I loved the ambiance and overall feel of the place. It was fun and had great energy.  Can't wait to return!
5	If you like a casual atmosphere with good food, this is the place. Arrived right before 6 PM on a Saturday night. Did not know until we arrived that they take reservations.  We sat in the bar area. I like the open concept of this restaurant. A huge room that houses the bar and watching area. There is also a separate room in the back which I think is for larger parties.  We ate I the bar area where they have high top tables with stools. I ordered the Chicken Panini sandwich and instead of fries I had a bowl of the cheddar broccoli soup. It was DELICIOUS. Excellent flavor ...oh so good. The panini was loaded with chicken, tomato, avocado and an aioli mayonnaise.  Loved it. My dining companion has the Salmon salad with a tasty vinegarette . For dessert, tiaramasu which was so good, creamy with lots of flavor but not too sweet. The people at the next table had the pizza which they said was so good. This menu also has may sandwiches, traditional Italian dishes like Chicken or Veal Parmesan , Chicken Marsala, spaghetti and meatballs. The clients in this restaurant are a nice mix of younger, older and very old people. I liked that.  I think I will put this on my list of new restaurants that I like with normal food and no KALE on the menu!
5	What a wonderful evening! My parents were in town and boyfriend (Chad) and I had the night off because it was my birthday. Being somewhat new to Arizona we were recommended to this place by a couple coworkers. We had a 730 reservation and when we got there at exactly 730, the place was packed and we were told that they were waiting for our table to leave. That's fine. We get it. We stood outside and waited. The table was finally ready at about 10 minutes to 8. But that was fine. We sat down at a table in the middle of the restaurant and our server, Sam , came over and greeted us. We ordered some wine to get things going as we looked over the menu. The person who brought the wine forgot one glass, but was so nice it didn't matter. A little while later Sam came back to see how we were doing. My parents don't go out much and were very overwhelmed. Between the 4 of us we had a zillion questions for the poor guy. And most of us took his recommendations. We started with bruschetta. Very tasty and actually good for sharing. You get to pick out 4 that you would like for $13. We got the smoked salmon with capers, the prosciutto with arugula, tomatoes and mascarpone, the fig and almond with ricotta and the date and goat cheese. So wonderful. Amazing. I could have eaten those all night long. But just as we finished those someone walked up with the meatballs and eggplant rollatini. Both items were awesome. The eggplant was filled with ricotta cheese and just delicious. And the meatballs were as tasty as a meatball could be. And decent portions too. I think we got 3 or 4 meatballs and they were huge! And the eggplant dish was also big enough where no one felt they were left out of it. On to the entrees. Mom had the Bria pizza. Although a she's not a vegetarian, she seems to pretend she is when she eats out. So that was perfect for her. Dad got the mushroom risotto which he loved and said was packed with mushrooms. Boyfriend got arrabiata with Italian sausage. He loved it but said it wasn't spicy like he thought it would be. Then again his spice tolerance is pretty high. I had one of the weekly specials. It was scallops estate (?). So good. Four jumbo scallops on a bed of linguine and julienned zucchini in a garlic, butter sauce. Couldn't go wrong. However we were stuffed. Sam took all of our plates and boxed them up. Chad had told Sam at some point that it was my birthday. I went to clean up after eating and when I came back chad said that they didn't do anything for birthdays there. That was fine by me as I was stuffed. So Sam came back with all our food boxed up and he was so nice and was chatting with us. When he walked away he said he would be right back with something sweet for me. You should have seen my face. Boyfriend got me good. What he brought out was amazing! Zeppole I think is what it was called. It was some combination of mini donuts, churros, croissants. I don't even know. And it had raspberry and chocolate dipping sauce. And it too was huge!!! So delicious. I was on cloud nine. Boyfriend and I will be back for date night. And thank you to Sam for making my birthday so memorable.
4	Great meatball appetizers, good prices, nice atmosphere.  Thin crust pizza is awesome as well, great staff and bartenders.
5	I tend to find most Italian themed restaurants boring and parodied.  What's really nice about stone and vine, is that the food is Italian in nature, but has a great twist with seafood mixed into many classic options. The mussels sauce is excellent. Many of the risotto dishes are great (especially the seafood version!). Penne vodka seems to be a favorite of my friends.Service is solid. A locally owned place that seems to hire people that understand the importance to that. Lastly, great beer and wine selection.
4	we came here for a farewell happy hour to a co-worker. it's in the shopping plaza behind Chompies, off 96th and Shea. there are a slew of eateries here, so competition must be fierce. their HH menu is pretty extensive....all the app's and a large selection of HH beverages. the decor is Italian, very warm but bright and it got really busy making for a lively feel. we ordered a bruschetta (came with 4 pieces, and you have your pick of several options), the brie with stuffed dates, and the eggplant rollatini. all were delicious. the brie came as a crusted, thick triangle off oozy goodness. the eggplant was soft and required hardly any chewing, and with a large heaping of garlicky marinara. the brusch was soft and moist on the inside, just a tad crispy on the outside....not so crunchy that you slice your gums, a huge plus!our server tried his best to handle a table of 20. added a star for making everyone's bill separate which must be a pain in the butt. but lost one star for basically forgetting about our order. we ordered our wine and waited....and waited...and noticed people that showed up after us getting their drinks while we still waited. we flagged him down and he apologized but still had to wait....and same with the food. we had long finished our glass of wine before the food came out. all in all, a good food experience with sub-par food arrival.
4	I really like this place. The atmosphere is really nice. I love the lit candles all around on the walls etc. The service is always good.I love the food. Pizzas are really good. The pastas are also especially the Penne Vodka. I like the salads and soup. Obviously, I have been here a few times! Casual atmosphere w good food and nice menu and prices. Specials every week. Great place!
4	This restaurant has become one of our faves, and I'm an Italian food junkie. First of all, I like that you can make a reservation for two people, something that's almost impossible at most places.Second, the food is really good. I'm particular about my sauce, being from NY, and theirs is delicious. I know it's boring, but my go to dish is chicken Parm...it's the way I know if I'm going to like a place or not. Theirs is just how I like it...thin and tasty. Of course, that's personal preference, but on my personal yum scale it scores pretty close to a ten. The pizzas are thin crust and remind me of the ones we get in Europe. Not traditional NY style, so not dripping with oil, but that's not a bad thing. My husband and I found them really tasty. The paninis also get a big thumbs up.The pear arugula salad is a winner, and their caesar is tasty, although could have a bit more anchovy flavor. Their house salad needs to lose the iceberg lettuce, but other than that it's not bad. When you get the urge to go to a restaurant because you crave a dish there, you know it's got you hooked. Stone and Vine has me hooked.
5	My friend took me here for happy hour last week. I wish I lived closer to go here more. The food was excellent and there was a nice selection of wine. I would recommend this place looking for a nice happy hour or an italian dinner.
5	Great service and amazing food. They have this brilliant bruschetta menu where u can pick 4 and it is only $13. Amazing options. Their salads are to die for. I had the pear salad and arugula, with this outstanding vinegarette. So good!! For my entree I had this amazing turkey and Brie panini with apples. Best thing I have eaten in a long time. Make sure to check this place out when you are I Scottsdale. Definently a must. And I just heard that the owners are opening a steak house. Will have to try it out when I am in Scottsdale again
4	Great portions, great taste. We went over lunch and was really happy with the service and food. Will be back!
4	I had SUCH a yummy salad there today. It was the Harvest - apples, dried cranberries, gorgonzola... Lots of yumminess. My first visit. Comfortable looking.  Clean. Nice atmosphere.  The menu looked wonderful but but I was in a salad mood. I loved that they came in 2 sizes, because restaurants have really gotten out of hand with their portions. Most serving sizes are more than what an average person needs in one day, let alone one meal!The rest of the menu looked fab, too. Unfortunately I waited too long to write my review and couldn't tell you a thing about it.I was surprised how empty it was at lunch time. Noticed that about one of their neighbor restaurants before, too.My only negative comment is the Hostess. I know they think they that they are being helpful saying "where do you want to sit" but really they're not. Shouldn't she have a list of wait staff and doesn't she know who should be sat next? I don't want to cheat some waiter out of the next table just because I choose unwisely. All in all. Yummy.  And I will return.
5	The penne ala vodka was to die for!!!! Our server Billy was on top of it and brought our drinks right away. I'm Italian and very stuck in my ways of believing grandma cooks it best but these guys gave me a run for my money. Our server even suggested this delicious dessert, I melted on the first bite. Great job boss.
1	bartender's are horrible!!!
3	This is another chain restaurant.  We had cold pizza.  Not ordered that way. We sent them back. They were brought back cold. Again. Too bad. It has a nice look and good service. It appears to be another low quality chain with microwaved food. I did complain to the manager at the hostess station on the way out...... No table had any food on it. She just turned away   I did not ask for a comp.
2	Mediocre pizza, decent service, and bad pasta. Disappointed because this was my cheat meal for the week and I was looking forward to eating carbs all week. Baked pasta was boring and the chicken on it was flavorless and dry.
5	This is the best Italian restaurant in Scottsdale. By far. Food was great. A lot of food to choose from. Price matched value. The Bruschetta was awesome.  The mussels were really fresh. Holy cow were the garlic knots awesome. The meatballs were fantastic. Cleat you can see I didn't even have to order an entree. But that just means we have to go back for more. If I had to pick a negative - the lighting was a bit dark. But no reason to take a star away for that.
4	This is a great place to meet up with friends and colleagues.  The staff are friendly and professional.  The food is great!
1	I have tried this place twice.  It is very popular, always crowded, and has a nice ambiance.  That being said, plain and simple- the food is bad.  The chicken marsala was the worst I have ever eaten and at $16, was not a good value.  I probably should have sent it back.  While their pizza is OK, at $12-15, I would rather go to a number of other places that are far superior such as Sauce, Fired Pizza, Pizza Me, Crust, or Grimaldi's.  It is always a puzzle to me why places that often have such mediocre food and prices can be so popular, but I would imagine it has to do mostly with the atmosphere.
2	Came in for lunch around 1 and the place was pretty dead. Very nice atmosphere and comfortable seating, open dining area but also private dinning areas for large groups. Our orders were taken quickly. We asked for garlic bread as an appetizer. After 15 minutes went by, we asked our server about the bread, she snapped back "it's cooking" and walked off. Two minutes later she brings us a basket of room temp bread slices slathered with cold garlic butter. Not very appealing. Service was very slow considering there was only one other group of people dining. The chicken caeser salad was decent. Dressing was a little mayonnaisey. Overall, it was a typical caeser salad, nothing special. Best part was their homemade croutons. The Milano pizza was incredibly dull. With as many toppings as it had, I was pretty surprised by the lack of flavor. For $14, there are WAY better pizza options out there. The "Panini" was disappointing. It was more like meatballs between dried out thin pita bread. Best part of our meal was their Kentucky Mule cocktail. $9. VERY DELICIOUS. Overall, there are a hundred better options for food in this price range and in this area.
2	I am going to have to agree with Jordi, this experience was very sub-par.  The place was dead and our service sucked.  My whiskey drink was the best part of the entire experience.  I ordered the Caesar Salad with chicken.  It was pretty bland for a Caesar but the croutons were good I guess.   I tried some of the pizza and while liking the Dough (I Love Bread) the pizza toppings and sauce were not that great.  I might come back and give this place a try again just because there are always those days.  But there are so many awesome places to eat in this area why bother.  I like trying new places better than places I did not like twice.
4	Been here 3 times already. Twice for lunch and once for dinner. All were great with a better note for the pizza one night. It was probably one of the very best I've ever had!
2	I really want to love this place because I like the food and the restaurant has a good atmosphere but the service is horrible. I've been a few times for lunch and the place is never busy mostly dead actually and its like pulling teeth to get a waiter. There has been multiple times that I have had to get up from our table and go searching for our waitress. I will not be back especially with Ling and Louie's right next store.
5	Ginger was our server and she was excellent.  The food was delicious and I enjoyed the atmosphere   I feel they should have had chocolate gelato.  They did save the day though.  Vanilla bean with Nutella.
4	The place is beautiful. We eat gluten free and felt the choices were limited. The bar is nice and I would guess the place is good for drinks. We were here too early to tell.
1	This used to be one of our go to places to eat. We ate there on Sunday and not one thing was right. The food was burned the appetizers were not cooked correctly it was bad. But, what would have been fine is if instead of taking the food and throwing it away if the bartender would have just got us food that was cooked correctly or at least taken it off our bill. We didn't eat the food we told him it wasn't good he said sorry and threw it away right in front of us. He did not take it off the bill and he did not get us food that we could eat. I don't get it.
