5	My favorite ice cream place in Pittsburgh... they have over a dozen varieties of soft serve... caramel, coconut, peach, pineapple, peanut butter... and I can never decide which to get. They're all yummy. I've never tried the food, but who cares, it's all about the soft serve!
5	The best place for an artic swirl. :)
5	i love this place more than any other place ever before in the history of places and me eating at them.not only is the ice cream made from local heroes,turner dairy, but the man who operates this fine establishment, chuck page, is one of the friendliest people in pittsburgh.there are so many options, i hate to say i've gotten the same thing more than twice, a couple of faves:thin mint artic swirlcoffee ice cream with chocolate sprinklessouthside shake!!!(sundae on top of a milkshake) best ever!
5	I grew up in Baldwin, so as a kid, the family and I would always frequent this place often. The Best ice cream around!!! I have to agree the arctic swirl is the best around!!! I suggest you try the chocolate covered pretzel!!! YUMM-O!!!! Good prices and fantastic people working there!!!
5	I love little soft serve places like this.  The ice cream here gets an A+.  I had my classic--small vanilla cone dipped in rainbow sprinkles.  People were talking about their family memories from when they'd eaten here in summers past in line--I'm not from the area, but it seems to be somewhat of an institution.  Just on our first stop we saw families of all ages, couples, bikers...everyone can enjoy this place.  Definitely stop by if you're headed to the south side!
5	I've been coming to Page's since I was a kid and at 25 I still get that "YAY ICE CREAM!" feeling when I go here.  Their soft serve ice cream is great and their Hawaiian Ice/Slushes come in several different flavors.  The dips on their ice cream cones are very good and very popular as well.  However, my favorite thing to get their is their Artic Swirls which also come in distinct and fun flavors (I really enjoy the Banana Cream Pie).  Did I mention the great prices and friendly staff?  This place has been a staple of the South Hills and it never fails to attract a large crowd of people.  You can't go wrong with Page's!
3	The place is fine and I can see it having a warm place in peoples' hearts if they went there as a young child.  I imagine I have a similar place for Dairy Queen dipped cones since there used to be a DQ within two blocks of my house when I grew up.  Regardless, at the end of the day, the ice cream itself is just good and is certainly nothing great or special.  When I visited I had some soft serve and they offer lots of flavor options, however, we're not talking Glen's Custard or anything of that level of taste or creaminess.  It's just some all-around standard or above average soft serve. Not much more.Atmosphere:  I can understand having a long attachment to the place based on the atmosphere.  Page Dairy Mart really attempts to show its history by seemingly keeping things "old-fashioned" and I imagine the exterior and many elements have stayed the same for generations.At the end of the day, this is a good place for some ice cream.  Nothing fantastic.  Nothing to travel across the city, state, or country to visit.  Certainly not something worthy of a perfect five stars.
4	This is a cool little ice cream stand that has apparently been in this location for quite some time.  Their advertising reach is not very far, but if you get close to them you will see and be inundated by the colorful myriad of amusing bandit signs that are posted.  What caught my eye?  The orange sign that looked like it belonged to a construction company that said, "Ice Cream in 500 ft."  Points for originality and tenacity.  For my first visit, I ordered the following:Apple Dumpling SundaeVanilla Ice Cream with chocolate sauceThe associates were nice and quick and I enjoyed my apply dumpling sundae.  It wasn't too sweet and had really good apple and cinnamon flavor.  I really liked the dichotomy and juxtaposition of the hot of the apples against the cold of the ice cream.  A true testament to their popularity is the fact that they still have patrons awaiting their fare when it is 50 degrees outside.  I want to try so much more of what they have to offer.
5	This is one of the places we miss the most since moving from Pittsburgh. We visit every time we are here during its open months though. A visit a few weeks ago was just as good as ever! I adore their Southside Shakes (half shake half sundae). Their homemade ice cream cookies rock as well! And I love that they put plastic covers with a lip on their ice cream cones. Helps keep little (and big) hands clean while enjoying a cone. Prices can't be beat, the line moves fast, and everyone is always friendly. Will be back the next time we visit for sure!
4	Best place close to the city for a Dippy cone! I grew up in small town that hosted a Whippy Dip! Every time I see this type of privately run ice cream shop it reminds me of home and lazy summer days with my girlfriends. Riding bikes to the local pool, playing at the beach on lakeside, or causing a ruckus at the Whippy Dip! Oh, sooo serious summer romances... flirting with boys while throwing ice from our slushies was a regular occurrence.Finally, a warm spring day on the books and the only place I want to go is The Page. The location is so weird! Under this huge bridge away from any greenery or picnic tables next to a low end used car dealer. I suggest grabbing your food and heading elsewhere. There is always some sort of line and it gets worse on the weekend. These guys and gals are pros when it comes to ice cream and will recite all the flavors with speed that you might miss them. It's kind of like the Cheese steak place in Philly. Know your order when you get to the counter, pay, and move OVER!They have so many flavors of ice cream! The menu is extensive, you can get anything here, brgrs, fries, hot fudge brownie sundae, or a banana split! I will be back all summer!
4	This is one of many hidden gems here in the Burgh. Check it out, freaky good ice cream, better blizzards than Dairy Queen, shakes that would have Ronald McDonald spinning in his grave if he were dead. I love Page's dairy mart, and look forward to opening day every spring, then go at least every week on those warm summer nights and have a cone or my favorite, peanut butter chocolate ice cream with butterfingers and reeses peanut butter cups running through it. Then I go run for two hours to burn it off, but it's worth it.Why four stars? Bad intersection (Carson and Beck's Run) and parking can be a motherbucket.You're still sitting there reading this? GO TO PAGE'S NOW!
2	I have lived in the area of Page's Dairy Mart for about 40 yrs. I have always enjoyed the ice cream until" this" day. I ordered an artic swirl (chocolate ice cream with chocolate chip cookie dough) I have ordered this same item over and over again. When I took first taste, no chocolate chip cookie dough pieces, second taste, same thing, third taste, same thing and so on for approximately 5 or 6 tastes. I took the cup with remaining up to counter and asked them to remake, I was denied told it would waste "their" money, nothing about mine, what I had ordered was more expensive than plain chocolate ice cream. They dumped what was in the medium cup into a small and handed back to me. Well it wasn't even a medium desert, since it fit into a small cup. I even tipped the girl $2 when I first received my desert. I will never return, to make any other purchases. I will however return to express my disdain to the owner when I can find him there. I hope he reads this.
5	Considering my absolute love for sweets - and more specifically, ice cream - it just doesn't make sense that it took me nearly 6 years of living in Pittsburgh to go to Page Dairy Mart. The only bad thing is that it's too close to where we live, so I can expect my sugar intake to go through the roof now.As you walk up, it's easy to be overwhelmed by the signage and menu, as they seem to have everything that you could ever imagine. In fact, you might just be better off walking up and ordering whatever you want without looking at the menu. Odds are, they'll just smile and run off to make it. I mean, if they have toasted coconut soft serve ice cream, what don't they have, right?The people that work there are all really pleasant and the ice cream is excellent! It is cash only, so that might be a downside if you're just randomly stopping by for the first time, but it's one place where the long lines are truly warranted in this town. Don't worry, though, usually the line isn't actually long at all. They take your order quickly at Page and your order will actually be up impressively fast for the amount of people ordering thanks to Page Dairy Mart's army of ice cream servers on staff. That "line" of people will disappear as quickly as a new one appears.A night hasn't gone by since our first visit that my wife and I haven't wanted to go back. Only our conscious willpower has kept us away, and there aren't a lot of places that have left me feeling that way, so kudos to Page Dairy Mart and their staff! Heck, it's snowing today, and I'm probably going to go!
5	Amazing. Historical. Unique. Affordable. Efficiently run. Pittsburgh gem!
5	Hubby and I have taken to driving up Carson street to get to the Southside in order to avoid that HORRENDOUS traffic in Squirrel Hill.  We drove by Page Dairy Mart a few times and each time he would casually mention that he would like to go there someday.Well, we did.I wish I could comment on one of the DELICIOUS looking Sundaes, but I'm watching what I eat soooo... frozen yogurt it was.What I can say is that the yogurt was smooth and creamy and I LOVE that they have a ton of flavors they can "mix into" the yogurt so you can get almost any flavor you want.  Hubby had a cone of regular soft serve ice cream and said it was really yummy.  He also had an order of cheese sticks and said they were just o.k., so we will probably stick to ice cream/frozen yogurt from this place.The kids working were fast and friendly so we left them a nice tip.  As someone who worked her way through college working at a frozen yogurt shop I can say -- TIP YOUR SERVERS, even if just your change -- they will greatly appreciate it.  :-)
5	Dear God, everything on the menu sounds like my personal heaven.  Shakes, sundea's, splits, soft server... Give. It. All. To. Me!My friend and I were driving through Homestead past Nancy B's Bakery when she said "You know Page Diary Mart makes an ice cream sundae with her homemade chocolate chip cookies?"  No more words needed to be said between us.  The decision was silently made that we'd head down Carson Street and there as no stopping us!The only child in me wanted to order the entire chocolate chip cookie sundae for myself.  The calorie counting adult in me knew the right decision would be to split it.  I mean, let's get real... this thing is monster size!  You can easily split it BUT... I could EASILY gobble that whole thing down in one sitting!  It was amazing!  We watched them heat up the cookies and toss them into the soft serve vanilla ice cream that melted it just enough that it mixed in perfectly with the warm chocolate chip cookie.  Add hot fudge and it was ice cream overload to the max.  But in the best way possible.  Me thinks I'll be stopping here a lot this summer... it cannot be avoided!
4	Can't go wrong with this place. We've been here a few times and I always get the same thing (small chocolate ice cream in a cone) but now that I'm reading other reviews, i NEED to switch it up and try something else. Plenty of parking for this sweet little place.
5	This place is a great Ice Cream Shop. My Favorite is the birch beer float. Delicious and under $2. A blueberry shake was made with real blueberries. Really, I haven't had a bad item here. Just make sure you bring cash, that's all they take.
5	Stopped in here after a bit of night time sightseeing of Pittsburgh. My sister and brother-in-law, who are the ones who live in Pitt, had never been here before, so we were all newbies! Huge plus that it's open until 11pm on weekdays. This little place is great. You walk up to the order window, pick from a handful of different soft serve favors and cone choices, and are given your fresh ice cream in no time! I ordered the strawberry soft serve in a waffle cone. HUGE portion, and less than $3! Obviously shocking to me as a native New Yorker, since nothing around here is ever that cheap. My sister had cheesecake soft serve, my other sister had blueberry soft serve, both also in waffle cones. My brother-in-law had key lime soft serve in a pretzel cone! So unique and actually really delicious, having that savory/sweet thing going on. 4 cones of ice cream for less than $12. Fresh, homemade ice cream, with really nice staff. I look forward to my next visit to pittsburgh, so I can enjoy this place again!
4	Damn good ice cream.  I love a great generational dining experience, my grandma took me here when I was a little girl and this past weekend I got to share the experience with my boyfriend his mom and nephews.I ordered a traditional banana split, but really I wanted to have one of everything on the menu. The strawberries are real strawberries!!! That alone sets Page Dairy Mart a part from the rest.
4	Have driven by this establishment many times when I lived in Pittsburgh and in my visits, but I never pulled over to sample the goods. That is until today and it was really good!Don't be swayed by the lines. The staff is really efficient and move quickly. Prices are reasonable and portions are huge. Although I was really impressed by the different flavors of soft serve and that they are all homemade, I saw the sign for the apple dumpling sundae so I opted for that instead. My aunt went with a classic chocolate shake. The sundae is massive and the ice cream was so good, some of the best vanilla that I've had. Only critique is that the core part of the dessert were canned and were too sweet and sugary(- a star)Even though I don't opt for anything vanilla in life, I think I might squeeze in one more scoop on this trip!
4	If you never drove down East Carson street, you are missing out on PageDM. Not far from the hopping SSide but in a strange looking spot next to a bridge and at a not so fun corner with a little parking lot.But the ice cream is to scream for!  Flavored soft serve ice cream, a Yinzburg Sundae,  a vanilla shake with some real vanilla flavoring.The Original Root Beer Barrel is still in the window!Delicious.Cash only.
4	In my opinion, soft serve is the best kind of ice cream. I love Dave and Andy's, but I have lost many scoops trying to lick my ice cream and it tumbling off the cone and right onto the hot cement of Forbes Ave. (The 5 second rule does NOT apply here!!). I adore Page's because it has EVERYTHING! It reminds me of home, where I can go to Pappy's in Uniontown or Bill's in Belle Vernon, places you can grab a burger, fries, nachos, a sundae, shake, or cone. Variety is the spice of life!!!While you're waiting in line, make sure to read the news paper clipping about the root beer barrel DJ J mentioned.The parking area is weird and difficult in my opinion.
5	Great ice-cream at a reasonable price. I love their chocolate banana milkshake.
5	Get a Southside Shake with hot fudge shake and peanut butter sundae on top - absolutely amazing!
5	Great ice cream. I used to come here all the time when I lived closer. The ice cream is great and the food is pretty good as well. Just your typical burgers, chicken fingers and other fast food but still decent tasting.
5	There is absolutely nothing wrong with Page Dairy Mart.  I just moved to Pittsburgh less than a year ago.  I work on the South Side and found myself making a number of drives to Homestead down Carson St.  The first time I passed this place, I was intrigued by its old-timey look.  I passed by a numebr of times before I stopped for a butterscotch sundae.  It was ridiculously good.  So, I did a little research.  Turns out Page Dairy Mart has been in the same location for about a hundred years. It was a gas station for a long time, it was a service station, they had a farm stand in there for a number of years and it was twice slammed by flood waters from the nearby Monongahela river.  But its still there, serving delicious ice cream treats, burgers and handmade lemonade.  I am tempted to go there every week in the summer.  I went today and I think I may go back next week too.  Yes, the parking is a little weird, but you won't be there for more than about 20 minutes.
5	Best Softserve in the burgh hands down the cookies are hot! You must try the chocolate chip cookie sundae.
4	The best soft serve I have ever had. Some flavors are better than others. Of the mint chocolate chip, toasted coconut, and pistachio that I tried last night (what can I say, I was hungry) the toasted coconut was the best. It has real pieces of toasted coconut.A very good value for your money.Don't expect to find any seating here.
5	I'd rate this joint 10 million stars if I could. Best ice cream in PGH!!! They serve sundaes, milkshakes, and the old school cherry dip cones. Cool historic photos adorn the building in the back, showing how the intersection/ area looked about 100 years ago. I love Page Dairy Mart so much I want to marry it.
5	Best ice cream place in the 412 without a doubt!! Being from Homestead I grew up on Nancy B chocolate chip cookies.And Paige's Nancy B cookie sundae is like heaven on earth It's worth the long line wait they usually have every night
5	Bring Cash! Extremely cheap ice cream but it's the very best in this region. We're not wasting our time at Dairy Queen any longer. They are open for most of the year but close  in the winter months. This is our new weekly tradition.
5	This place is a little gem! Hidden just down E Carson, past all the shops and busy streets there is a tiny little unassuming building on a large corner lot. I've never been a fan of soft serve or gone out of my way for it, but this place will make you do just that. Not to mention the fresh squeezed lemonade made to order (yes, they squeeze the lemons right into your cup.) Burgers and fries are also made to order, so be prepared for a short wait while you prepare mentally for the heaven you're about to consume. I'm not a fan of their fries (they tasted like they were made in old grease) but wow that cheeseburger. I have a small appetite and can't usually finish most things - so when I ordered my burger and fries I let the bf know he was expected to finish it for me. Little did we know he wouldn't get any of that delicious burger, because the second I took the first bite the rest magically disappeared. Oh! They also have old fashioned dip cones which are one of my favs. Definitely recommended.
5	I have had lots of items off of their large menu and everything has been good.
5	What can I say? This place is iconic here in the South Hills of Pittsburgh. Rich with history, you can't go wrong on a summer's eve with their treats. I've never tasted their actual food (they keep adding non-dessert items to their menu), but there is something about their plain old soft-serve that does the trick. I think it's just the fact that it's from Page's that makes it so good. They also have great milkshakes, dirt sundaes and countless varieties of snow cone flavors. There may be a line to the street, but it's worth it. Skip Diary Queen and make your way down the street.
5	Pina Colada soft serve.
5	I visited this place last night on a bike ride, which allowed me to feel less guilty about my small chocolate-dipped cone. I wouldn't call myself a huge fan of soft serve ice cream in general, but the stuff they serve here is so incredibly smooth and creamy! I've been here twice before, and one of these times, I ordered the chocolate chip cookie sundae, which was incredible! The warmth of the cookie and hot fudge, and the coolness of the ice cream was pure bliss. While there last night, I saw a sign in the window advertising a cinnamon roll sundae--guess I know what I'm getting next time!
5	If you ever ride down Carson  and pass this little place. Turn the car around and stop in!. The lines can be ridiculously long but it moves very fast and the ice cream is worth it! Blueberry soft serve alone is worth the trip. I love the pretzel cones. If you really want to indulge, have a Chocolate Chip sundae, you will thank me later! Great find!
5	Page's is the best. As a dairy lover, I also happen to be lactose intolerant, and so most of my dairy outings are spent wondering if it was worth it. Whenever I hit up Page's, the answer is always, without any hesitation, yes. It was very worth it.Get your soft serve dipped, get it with a freshly warm cookie or brownie, and if you can't decide, get a little bit of everything (really, it's an option). Don't want ice cream? Get a burger! But, actually, get ice cream. Why would you not want ice cream?The line moves fast, the people are awesome, and the ice cream makes it all worth it.
4	Page's has was a staple of my childhood and young adult life.  There ice cream is great and their prices are good--evident by the line that is always out to Carson St.   I wish they had a tent with seating.  It rains. . .ALOT in Pittsburgh.  Eating in your car is the signature of this place but I wish there was some covered seating.
5	I've been coming to page's since I was about 5, literally. I love it. It's a local favorite for sure and for many reasons. 1) the history behind page's... Literally if you walk behind page's there are old photos of what the building used to look like and some south side history :P. 2) their ice cream is incredibleeee. They have a ton of unique flavors and combinations. My favorite item on the menu is their strawberry sundae with twist ice cream, with an Esther's chocolate covered pretzel on the side. Pure heaven. 3) their food is amazing as well. I love their south side hot dog! It's unique and amazing.. Toast bun, grilled dog and chilli sauce.. So good. Their fries are awesome as well. I also adore their lemonade, both regular and freckled. Keep in mind they are cash only though!
4	Page's is a Pittsburgh icon. The ice cream is good, the selection is vast, and the price is right. They have so many different things to try, it's nearly impossible to choose. I'm a big fan of the cookie sundae, brownie sundae, and cinnamon roll sundae. The options at this place are pretty much endless. But sometimes a regular soft serve sugar cone is the way to go. It's better than Dairy Queen, AND you support a local business by going here. What more could you ask for. I don't know if I would say that Page's has particularly superior soft serve, but it's the experience and variety that makes this a four star place. I do think the ice cream is better than somewhere like Dairy Queen, but not by much. What makes Page's special is wide variety of options and soft serve flavors. It's also the nostalgia that goes along with it. It's a business that hasn't changed much in it's lifetime, and that's what most people like about it. You can count on Page's to be there every March-October. They're going to offer the same treats you loved as a kid for your whole lifetime.  It represents the change of the seasons and brings back memories for people. It means a lot more to people than just a summertime ice cream stop. For those who have never been there, there is no interior so you'll have to eat in your car or standing outside. I prefer to open the back of my SUV, sit there and enjoy the night while I eat my ice cream. The parking lot is hectic and downright scary sometimes. I typically avoid this place on busy nights just for that reason. Beware, they only accept cash. But there is an ATM on site!
5	The best ice cream in Pittsburgh! I've had so many different sundaes over the years. I recommend asking for vanilla with hot fudge and marshmallow sauce with graham crackers for a S'mores sundae. It is not posted in their window anymore but they will do it! With the traffic from Liberty Tunnel closures rerouting past here, you should TOTALLY make a stop. It'll be the best part of your commute.
4	Page's is one of my favorite places to go for ice cream in Pittsburgh. It is a pretty cheap place to go for the amount of ice cream that they give. I'm a big fan of soft serve ice cream so if you are too then definitely check this place out. Their cookie sundae and yinzer sundae are to die for and can easily be shared among 2 or 3 people. The only thing that I wish they would would do is give out samples of the ice cream flavors and take credit/debit cards. They are known for their ice cream but they also have food (burgers, hot dogs, nachos etc) I personally never tried it. But I'm sure it's good as well!
3	It's an average ice cream place.  No more, no less. You can have the same products that taste the same at any Dairy Queen or Tastee Freeze. People give this place 5 stars because they like to think they're special by knowing about some small ma and pop place.
5	They have a huge selection of yummy treats! I had the strawberry shortcake and added bananas on it. They were more than willing to customize my order and it was amazing! I would recommend it highly to anyone!!
4	If you're in pittsburgh, this is a must stop for ice cream. Personally, I get a Southside shake almost every time. It's a milkshake & a sundae. Pretty cool, right? I've had their version of a DQ Blizzard (what they call them, I can't remember right now, sorry) but it was delicious. I got it with chocolate ice cream and Reese's cups. The possibilities are endless, seriously. My bf has had their chocolate chip sundae & the brownie sundae. Their cookies and brownies are both amazing and soft and tasty. They have food also, which I haven't had the opportunity to try at this point but I have heard good things. The prices are more than reasonable. The parking is ample but it's sporadic, kinda just park where ya can, no designated spaces etc. the other down side is that there is ALWAYS a line. Unless it's raining etc. The line gets insanely long but it's almost always worth the wait !
5	Page's is the best ice cream place I have ever been to! Their ice cream is creamy and full of flavor and their artic swirls are filled with all the good stuff, no more digging at the bottom to find the goods! They use Nancy B's decadent cookies, which shows you they care about the quality of what goes in their ice cream! There is usually a line to wait in, no matter what the weather is, because everyone wants a piece of Page's! The only small, teeny tiny issue I have is the location, while there is much history behind it (Refer to windows for newspaper articles), it is dangerous to pull in and out of on the corner of Carson and Becks Run. I got in a horrible accident by someone who hit me coming out of Fagel Street, which is right behind the dairy mart, so just be careful pulling in and out of Page's. Other than that, this place is sure to melt your taste buds! And it is wallet friendly too! Just bring the cash, no cards accepted (atm on location) and make sure you get there before they close for winter!!
3	This place was just okay. I had the cookie sundae and my fiance had the brownie sundae. We both kind of watched, horrified, as the girl making our sundaes ran our cookies and brownies through a warmer in one of those cheap plastic containers. I mean I know I'm eating ice cream which is sooo healthy, but a little cancer from warming up plastic with the food you're gonna eat never hurt anyone either...The price for the sundaes seemed a little high to me at first but the more I ate the more I realized we really did get our money's worth. This is definitely better than dairy queen and it has a good ice cream shop atmosphere if you're looking for some good soft serve treats.
5	Whoever doesn't give Page a 5 has no soul. It's childhood everyday March-October. I love the pretzel cones, but everything is good.
