4	Customer service was great, wait was a little long but the haircut was worth it. I'll definitely be back for another cut
5	I moved to the Phoenix just over two years ago from Seattle. I tried literally 8 different barbershops before I finally found Brooklyn Barbershop, and I haven't been to another barbershop since. I have been coming to Brooklyn Barbershop for about two years straight now. Brooklyn Barbershop has an upbeat, urban vibe as soon as you walk into the shop; you instantly feel and can clearly see that it is the right place to get a great haircut. Brooklyn Barbershop, has plenty of seating available during the time you may have to wait behind the vast amount of people that come through the doors all wanting to get a haircut from a few of the very best in the entire state of Arizona.On a normal day, there is always a good selection of today's best local and underground music. From my personal experience, if you are looking to get one of the best possible haircuts around that will have an average Joe looking like they are ready for a photo shoot for a major magazine, I recommend either the shop owner and Master Barber Reny, or my main man Charlie. Both Reny and Charlie will have you leaving the place looking and feeling like a million bucks! If you are running short on time and couldn't swing past your bank or ATM to pull out some cash for your haircut, no worries, Brooklyn Barbershop conveniently has a state of the art ATM machine located on the inside of the shop. Lastly, Brooklyn Barbershop barbers all are proficiently trained and have natural born abilities to cut and sculpt any kind of hairstyle, or artistic lines of your liking. For guys like me who love that fresh razor edge up, this shop provides it all! Enjoy your visit!
5	This place is a lil bit of home away from home for anyone from NYC looking for a great atmosphere, good cuts, n chill barbers. The way it should be! Not that stuck up shit you find at all these other fake ass "Barber Shop's."
5	I moved here from Seattle 2 months ago and of course I needed a barber, well long story short I was referred to one by a friend one he goes too. It was mostly all black clientele which I assumed would be able to hook me up. Well the first cut went well. But the 2nd time I went back.....I'm jus gona be Frank wit ya...he fucked my haircut all the way up!!!!! So clearly that was the end of that. So I got on yelp did sum research and read a couple reviews and a Guy named Keith had great reviews about Brooklyn barbershop. And man the barber (Charlie) hooked my shit up!!!! If ur in Phoenix and need a tight fade, tapered, or jus an all around clean cut..check em out u wont be disappointed.
5	these guys are real and fun to just hang out with and talk. Charlie gave me a haircut and we were just talking and watching tv. The normal things you would expect to do at a barber shop. It's a little warm in there but bearable. Definitely will be back, had a great time there. Usually when i go into barber shops i just sit and get a haircut but these guys were engaging and funny.Good stuff
5	Great place! Great barbers! Fair price. Yeah, it gets a little warm (during the summer), but the conversation and atmosphere allow me to look by that. I'm from the east coast (Jersey) and extremely picky with who allow to cut my hair. I've gone to 4 different shops since living here (5 yrs), and these guys are the only ones who've  done things like "back home".
5	I was tired of always not getting the exact cut and shave I asked for.  I was constantly getting hacked up. Being from NY, I was finally happy to find a REAL NEW YORK barber in Central Phoenix. They know how to cut, fade and use a straight blade properly.  NO MORE HACK JOBS FOR ME. If you have the time, it's definitely worth it.  They just need to fix their AC
5	If you're not in to the whole salon feel and just want a good ol fashioned barber shop (like me) than this is a great place for a cut! I have never had such detail and attention paid to cutting my hair. Probably 20 minutes was spent shaping up my hairline to make sure I was "fresh 2 death".Plus its right next door to Mamma Mia so you can grab a slice if theres a wait. I will DEFINITELY be back to Brooklyn Barbershop!
5	So far I have been to Brooklyn Barbershop a number of times. It is the best barbershop I have found. I like how they take their time when cutting my hair and I never feel like they are rushing it even when there are other customers waiting. Every customer is afforded the same attention and I appreciate that. What keeps me coming back is the consistency, even across all barbers. I recommend George. He always cuts my hair perfect!
2	There is something to be said for having all the right tools and this place has some of them. Match that with an ok cut and you've got yourself a recipe for mediocrity. I was excited to try out Brooklyn after reading the eleven 5 star reviews. What finally got me in today was a Groupon now deal, get their normal $15 cut for just $10!The stylist was meticulous to a fault. He spent about 45 minutes on me; during which, he had the chair turned away from the mirror and the final reveal was pretty disappointing. They definitely didn't seem to live up to all the hype. I ended up with an uneven cut; the sides and top of my cut looking more like a box than shaped with my head. There was no air conditioning; however, a large fan was pointed towards the sitting area. The decor appears to be of Ikea origin, while not really impacting the ability to get a good cut, the place just seems a bit "thrown together". The chairs are kind of small and as such, not really that comfortable; it seemed like the foot rest was too short and did not adjust for length. That's saying something coming from a 5'5'' guy, i couldn't imagine how this would work for someone with longer legs than mine.All in all, you can get an ok cut, but for my $$ I'll end up at Camelback barber shop in the same shopping center as best buy on Camelback rd just up the street.
1	At first, I read all the reviews and I was like why not? I was looking for a good barber where I lived since I recently have moved. I had to wait an hour in order to get my haircut when I was the only person in line. The place did not have a barber shop feel and the guy was ridiculous. I took 45 min to cut my hair and I all I get is a fade. I am in the military so my haircut is really really easy. I took forever. I was like when is this going to end but if it looked good, Id accept it and find another place but it was not good at all. The guy was really bad. The place was hot too.
1	Went the first time and got an ok fade...due to the proximity I went a second time.  Big mistake.  Walked in, guy working had one person in the chair and obviously his friend sitting in the waiting area. I was told it was over an hour wait, I declined to wait and he proceeded to talk s#~t in Spanish. He might note we live in the southwest and there are more than a few people that understand Spanish. I would avoid. Try the shop next to fry's at 20th st and highland
5	Went here today because great clips blows. I've been to a good barber in Scottsdale but this place is on par as well Jorge cut my hair and did an exceptional job.  He thought my bf was Hispanic and I thought that was funny.  Anyways I recommend this place and plus it was at a good price for 15 bucks.
3	I've been going to a barber in Scottsdale but needed a haircut ASAP and since it was a Monday, I couldn't go to my usual spot.  Jorge cut my hair and did an exceptional job, he did leave the building a few times leaving me and my friend alone in the building wondering if he would return to finish the job..  Anyways I recommend this place when one must need a haircut. Beats Great Clips or other pricey establishments.
