5	I am pretty sure the reason I am the first person to review Bio Mechanics is because no one wants to let you all in on the secret. Dr Leech is amazing he work his magic on everyone from triathlon hard bodies to lowly grubs like me.  Last time I saw him because I hurt my back camping he saw me twice and I was better. This time I am seeing him for sciatica and he treats you until you are better not for life. He also encourages you to work on ways to prevent injury.    He is one of the few ART, which is like Chiropractor 2.0, in Las Vegas.
5	Dr. Leach is AMAZING. This is not the old fashioned chiropractic medicine, but an entire new way of treatment for getting your body stronger for life. After a year of pain, he was able to make me pain free with two visits; and  brings me back  when my  sciatica decides to flare up. If you don't experience his treatment, you may never experience a pain-free life again. I'm a runner....he keeps me running.
5	Dr. Satterlee has been invaluable helping me rehabilitate a neck and shoulder injury. The level of care that is provided is unparalleled within the ART and chiropractic community in Las Vegas. The range of issues that Biomechanics can treat goes far beyond a traditional chiropractor, with tendinitis, headaches, shoulder injuries and carpal tunnel being just the tip of the iceberg. Amazing!
5	Dr. Satterlee is a doctor who understands what the patient needs and how best to get them to their goals.  I am a physician and I know when someone knows what they are doing and when they do not.  His keen observation of the mechanics of the body allow him to put you on a program that will give you the best chance to do the things you want.  I have only just started with help for my back pain (which is not related directly to my back turns out) so stay tuned but I am confident in his skills and passion for his work and I WILL be referring him patients.  I also love his straightforward talk which most chiropractors fail to do.
5	I'm from out of town, but desperately needed an adjustment and some pain relief after a 4+ hour drive to Vegas.  I had been suffering from non-stop shoulder pain for about 6 weeks prior to a treatment at Biomechanics.  I was seen by Dr. Satterlee. I was really impressed with the amount of time and consideration he took in finding out the exact problems with my shoulder before treating me.  He also showed me some exercises that I could do at home to strengthen my shoulder. I am happy to say I have been virtually pain free now and am back to enjoying life. Great doctor, great facility, great results!
5	I first saw Dr. Leach at another chiropractor's recommendation a few weeks ago, when my sciatic nerve was acting up. He and his assistant assessed my mobility and stability through a simple 7-step test on which I mostly got the pity points for being present. Bruised ego aside, this proved to be a great diagnostic tool for the doctor and a fair snapshot of my physical condition. He then moved to a brief, but comprehensive lesson of anatomy, which helped me better understand how everything works and how a symptom does not necessarily indicate the cause. Dr. Leach has been doing some soft tissue work that helped relieve the various pains and aches that I had even forgotten about, however the greatest part is that he is (patiently) teaching me various exercises to increase my strength in my legs, glutes and my core, thus the overall stability. I have been doing them every morning for the past 2-3 weeks and I feel more flexible, more in tune with what my body is telling me, and consequently I started paying much more attention to posture and the quality of a workout, rather than the quantity.In my opinion, the whole practice is built on a very solid professional foundation. Dr. Leach is very knowledgeable and he teaches as he treats, which is a great approach for anyone whose ultimate goal is to live an healthy, injury-fee, active life.
