4	Great service and good choices!  The veggie omelet was yummy. Next time I'll be decadent and try the Cinnamon Bun French Toast.
4	Since we are always on the lookout of a GREAT breakfast place, we had to check out the new Another Broken Egg when they opened.   My husband travels quite a bit and had been to Another Broken Egg in Florida and he loved it. so we thought it would be worth the trip to Southpark to give it a try.  We actually live much closer to the Ballantyne location, but after reading the initial negative reviews we thought it might be best to skip that one for now and try this one instead.   We're glad we did!  We ventured in their first opening weekend.  We fully expected some hiccups along the way as they were still new and getting their rhythm down.  We anticipated correctly, but it was nothing major.  The waiter was such a sweet kid, but he was clearly a bit nervous and a little frazzled.  He did just fine though.  Several staff members stopped by to check on us and the Manager came over to chat with us for a few minutes, too.  He was about nice as one could be.  He was engaging, he clearly loves the company and his job, and he seems to have a great rapport with his staff.  First off...the restaurant decor is so adorable and very homey!  It's a great first impression!   The menu is quite unique and extensive without being overwhelming.  I love that their menu includes breakfast and lunch items and is available at all time.  (I'm not always a breakfast food person, so the lunch items are perfect for me!)   Some items have a Cajun/Creole influence, which some people seem to enjoy.  We opted for a couple of appetizers (I LOVE the idea of appetizers at breakfast!)...we ordered the Monster Cinnamon Roll  and the Biscuit Beignets (with Honey Marmalade dipping sauce).  I didn't try either of them (I'm trying to low carb...UGH!), but my husband and son enjoyed both of them very much.  My husband was especially fond of the Beignets and for someone who doesn't like Marmalade, he couldn't get enough of it!My son ordered Steak and eggs.  He ordered his steak medium, but it came out medium-rare.  He still ate it and still enjoyed it very much.  The steak came with eggs and potatoes.  He loved the potatoes!  My husband had the Southwest Scramble and he loved it.  I had the Cafe Burgers (sans bun).  I ordered it Medium, but it came out almost rare so I had to send it back.  Once it was cooked correctly and they remembered to put the bacon back on, it was delicious!  It was seasoned nicely and the toppings were delicious...Bacon, Blue Cheese, Sun Dried Tomatoes, Roasted Onions, and a Garlic Aioli.   YUM!!We liked it very much and will be sure to go back.
5	I really like this place a lot and am looking forward to going again.The service was spectacular.  I thought the hostess was really friendly and she was all smiles.  Friends and I walked into this spot after golf for some late breakfast.  She kindly showed us the menu and explained a few items.  I was sold.The food came out relatively quick, and tasted really good.  We came at the tail-end of the afternoon lunch rush.  I ordered the shrimp and grits, and my buddy had the rancheros huevos.  I've never had shrimp and grits before (really!) but if I did, this is the place to get it.  I've had grits before but this place does it right--not too watery and not too pasty.  For a bland-looking dish, it was packed with flavor.  I couldn't finish my plate because it was a tad bit oily from the yummy sausage pieces.  My friend devoured his dish though.  We both walked away full and pretty happy about the place.  Affordable too!I'll be coming back soon.  Keep it up everyone!dmo out.
3	We decided to try somewhere different in our brunch rotation. The place is very colorful, inviting and clean. Did not take long to be seated and the host was kind. Our server did not ask us if we had been before, but once known they recommended some dishes. We tried skillet,&cinnamon roll French Toast. Although the food was tasty, over $10 for French Toast is steep. To make any dish a combo ( egg?? - tasted& looked like Eggbeaters  +protein) is an additional $3.19. Regular coffee is over $2.50. Needless to say we are not in the business of spending over $35 ( before tip) for breakfast for two and no buffet like Heist Brewery. Service was decent, but at times we were forgotten. I would go back;however,prices will keep us from coming every week for regular breakfast/brunch.
3	Went on a Sunday and they were busy, ended up sitting at the bar because of the wait. The decor is super cute, the place is not very large... The menu is big, lots of tasty selections and different options. We settled on shrimp and grits, huevos rancheros and a side of biscuit and gravy. BF said the shrimp and grits were some of the best ever.. the huevos rancheros were decent, I should have added the chorizo on.. it came with two crispy fried tortillas which was too much on top of the fried potatos.. there was not enough black bean/peppers served with it, salsa was good. The biscuit was disappointing.. it was $4 (I think) for one biscuit and gravy.. both were COLD... cold biscuit I would have been ok with, but the cold gravy was bleh... I think hot it would have been pretty darn good. Prices could be considered high but look at the area it is in and it fits right in.
4	The wait for 2-3 people on Sunday afternoon was 20 minutes. There is a small area at the entrance where you can sit and wait for your table to be come available. To the left of the entrance is a small bar area. Parking was difficult due to condo parking that is shared with the retail location however, if are willing to walk there is a parking garage a few blocks away. Service was good for a busy Sunday afternoon. Food came out timely. Reasonably priced.
3	This is an adorable little breakfast cafe. The atmosphere is bright and cheery. The staff is very friendly and the food is good. The parking is limited considering the number of businesses in the area. I had to park near the Barnes N Noble and walk over, which made me a little late. When I arrived my friend already had a table. The waitress overheard me talking about the parking lot and said: "yeah, the parking here sucks, but I'm glad you're here, can I bring you a Bloody Mary to help start your brunch off right?" What a wonderful greeting! I love for someone to empathize with me and then immediately offer alcohol to console me!! I thought to myself, "man, this woman is good!" :-)I had the Popeye's Favorite scramble: three eggs scrambled with spinach, onions, baked bacon and Monterey Jack cheese served with potatoes and an English muffin. I added a side of bacon, which was served extra crispy (just how I like it :-) The meal was very good and very filling. I didn't eat anything else for the rest of the day. I also had a mimosa, which wasn't very good. It tasted like it was made with cheap OJ and cheap champagne. I wouldn't order it again. My friend had the shrimp and grits. She said it was one of the best she's had.  Overall, this place is solid. Give it a try. You may have to search for parking, but it's worth the effort.
4	My husband and I decided to eat here for our breakfast date. Excellent choice for our first date in almost 2 years. I had the Crabcakes Cavallo and my husband had a traditional breakfast of pancakes, eggs and turkey sausage.  I enjoyed my crabcakes benedict but I wish it was a little spicier.  You can tell my husband enjoyed it by the animalistic noises. What I really is the friendly staff. The chef introduced himself and we had a great convo with Aaron, the manager. So we will be back ;)
5	Loved this place!  I'm so excited to find a new favorite breakfast spot.  They had a huge menu - it was hard to decide on what to get!  I settled on the veggie omelet (which had goat cheese - yum) and was amazing.  I look forward to going back and trying some of their other dishes.
3	Been wanting to try this place for awhile. Although the place is pretty cute and the service awesome, the food was pretty unimpressive. I had the Beignets for appetizer and although they came out quickly they weren't warm at all, as they should be, And the marmalade it came with wasn't good at all. I had the pancakes with eggs and bacon. The pancakes tasted like the ones at Dennys (aka like frozen cheap pancakes). My friend tried the huevos rancheros which looked pretty good and I think she enjoyed. I would come back to try some of their other dishes but probably not anytime soon since there are a lot more breakfast places around me I still need to explore.
2	Let me start with a positive. The wait staff were attentive. Now let's go to the negative... the food. It was pedestrian. The pancakes were chewy, the oatmeal had a glob of berry compote rather than fresh berries, the potatoes and biscuits were cold. I was hoping this would be better than your average chain but I was wrong. I had been before during the week and it was much much better Perhaps Saturday is not a day to go.
4	We visited Another Broken Egg Cafe this past Sunday morning for the first time.  Being that it's tucked away among retail shops and condos, we were pleasantly surprised at how nice it was inside.  It was much bigger than expected, and the layout of the tables, half-walls, and three dining rooms allowed for privacy; it wasn't just one big open room with side-by-side tables.  Everything was clean and nicely decorated.  We got there around 8:45 and there was no wait.  By 9:30, though, the restaurant was really filling up.  The menu has a decidedly New Orleans/Cajun influence, which makes sense since this "chain" restaurant started in Louisiana.  There were a lot of breakfast options I wanted to try, so that means I'll be trying something different over our next several visits.  (p.s. I LOVE a restaurant menu with a lot of options!)   For this first visit, though, I went with ordered the Mardi Gras omelette.  It contained andouille sausage, crawfish, red peppers, tomatoes, and onions, covered in hollandaise sauce.  Unfortunately, it wasn't as good as I had hoped/expected.  The sausage was very gristly and the hollandaise didn't have a lot of flavor.  On the side were homefries, but they were pretty average, bland, and dry themselves.  I'm surprised they don't make them more flavorful (with peppers and onions and/or spices) to give them that NOLA flare.  I guess they do it so people who aren't into spicy or flavorful foods won't complain, but maybe they should offer two options?  My partner ordered the (much more healthy) Granola, Fruit, & Quinoa.  It was full of fiber, fruit, and flavor, but when I go out for breakfast, I like something I don't normally have during the week.  By the way, the coffee comes in their own cute unique mugs (and you have to wonder how many of those go missing...).  Anyway, despite not totally loving my first breakfast choice, it hasn't soured me on returning.  There are many different options I want to try, and the atmosphere was terrific, so I'll be back...soon!
5	My 2nd visit for brunch and once again . . . Y-U-M!!!  The first time I got the crabcake benedict and bloody mary.  Both were delicious!  I took half of my food home with me so I got 2 meals out of it!  This second time I got the black bean benedict and again, I was impressed!  the tomato hollandaise sauce was great!  I enjoyed the smoky flavor of the dish with the black bean cake, poached egg and sauce!  I can't wait to go back and try something else!  My husband and friend both got the Hey Lucy omelet and loved it!  They give you so much food so it's well worth the money!!
4	I'll keep this short. First, I'm glad to have another breakfast choice in the Southpark/Cotswold area! Second, the menu choices are different, bringing some cajun style flair to the area. Third, the food quality was above average and the service, maybe we were there on an off day, was kind of average. Overall I gave this place 4 stars...mainly for effort and appreciation!Some details: Beignets:  Like some other reviewers, they sounded better than they turned out to be. Too hard to be good.Eggs Benedict (traditional style): Very good, with a generous and tasty portion of ham.
5	Can tell it's my another favorite!!! I had the skinny omelette which was great :P randomly stop by here but will come back when I come to Charlotte!
3	Food was ok. I like cracker barrel much better. The service was slow. Took thirty minutes to get our food. Not worth a second visit.
3	This was our first time at Another Broken Egg Cafe and overall it was pretty good. We walked in about a half hour before close and from the waiters and waitresses flying around it seemed that they were fairly busy. We had a nice conversation with the hostess who sat us towards the back of the restaurant. The waitress was extremely friendly and was back to check on us every now and again always filling up empty glasses. It was odd because the people around us seemed to be complaining a lot about the time it took to get their for (45 minutes). When we go out to eat time is really not a huge deal, since we are enjoying the experience. With that said, it did take about a half hour to get our food, but it was DELICIOUS!We both ordered the scrambled eggs with English muffins, sausage/bacon, and breakfast potatoes. The portion size was perfect and I didn't feel sick afterwards.We would definitely stop back in here again for a small breakfast.
2	Crowded, not because of the rush of people but because the front foyer is extremely small!! There is no where to wait without being in the way of the numerous hostess running back and forth from the podium to the seating area. The food was alright, but nothing to rave over - typical greasy spoon. I had the veggie omelet - the big cloves of garlic & goat cheese was great, but the veggies were not cooked all the way through (red pepper and asparagus) which made it all a bit crunchy..Best Tip about this place: You can call ahead to put your name on the wait list... And they have booze! Godiva chocolate liqueur in coffee so good!
3	3 stars because the service was absolutely terrible.  The food was delicious.  If service was good then I would have given 5 stars.
3	We had breakfast this morning at Another Broken Egg and we were a little underwhelmed. First off, the service was lacking. Not a very enthusiastic server. The hostess was very unkempt (rough night-good night) and appeared to be a little flaky. The food was well prepared except the potatoes, which were way over cooked. The omelet and shrimp & grits were excellent. I would suggest to the management that they replace the front of house staff, keep the cooks and show them how to use a deep fryer when cooking potatoes.
3	I didn't realize until I popped in here that Another Broken Egg is a chain of restaurants. I'd been to the one in Birmingham AL a few weeks back.My veggie omelet was quite decent but the coffee refills were slow. Home fries were crazy hot but after the cooled enough to eat, they were tasty. The English Muffin was a little on the underdone side.No wifi service in the restaurant. And strangely, I got zero bars on T-Mobile. So if you're thinking of using your phone to read the news while you breakfast, think again.And yes, parking is a major pain!
5	This is my absolute favorite restaurant in Charlotte! Not only is the food delicious every time I go, but the owner and staff are wonderful. I go here at least once a month for breakfast and always bring my out of town friends. ABE never disappoints! I highly recommend the biscuit beignets. You must go here, do not pass this place up!
5	Tried it today for the first time. It was great, I don't know I f it was because I was so hungry or it really was delicious. I had the "hey Suzy" it was great.
3	Like some other reviewers, I didn't initially realize this was a chain until I scoped their website looking for a menu preview (what, like you don't do the same thing?). My mom was in town for a visit, and we decided to give it a whirl as a change of pace from our usual brekkie joint, Toast of Dilworth.The food was pretty decent. I had the veggie/goat cheese omelet, which was a little light on veg for my tastes, but overall well-balanced. Grits were good and thick, and my sub rye toast (instead of the ubiquitous english muffin), thickly sliced, was appropriately crisp and crunchy.Mom and Hubs both seemed to enjoy their breakfasts, and we all had a lot of leftovers by the time we were full.The only sticking point was the speed of service. Everything seemed slower than it should be (and it did not seem very busy), and it took forever to get the check. My mom, treating us, got tired of waiting for the server to come pick up her card, so she finally just threw down some cash and made to leave. *That's*when the server came hurrying over. Again, I will stress that the food was good and plentiful - just don't come here if you're on a limited time budget. 'Leisurely' is the name of the game, I guess.
4	I really, really like this place. The service is always spot on (ask for Beverly!) and the food is really good. I love the potatoes that come as a side. I am a sucker for some good potatoes and these are right up there, plenty of crisp and a little spice, but not too much. I am a plain Jane breakfast kind of girl so I typically stick to the traditional bacon and eggs and I am always satisfied. Hubs likes to try different menu items and the menu does not disappoint for that. It has quickly become our new regular breakfast spot.
4	A great place for sunday brunch. They have a great variety of options for breakfast and lunch. Veggie omelet - It was excellent and cooked perfectly. The goat cheese was evenly spread out. Hey Lucy - I got it without the meat and with egg whites instead and it was delicious. The avocados really added to the dish. I wish there was a little bit more salt and pepper in the omelet but that is a personal touch, nothing against the restaurant. Potatoes - The side of potatoes were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside and well seasoned. Exactly how I like them.  Mimosa- It came with a strawberry and that gave it nice touch. You could also taste the champagne so it was just all orange juice which was good. Overall, I would come back here. The food, drinks and service is great! :)
1	Had previously had poor service but tried again because the food is good. This time we ended up leaving as our kids were ready to go. We won't try again. Our drinks were wrong but the waitress was nice to fix, and she said "everyone orders waffles on the weekends" so that backs things up. After 50 minutes waiting - and they did realize we were waiting because they did give us beignets - we bailed. Hope they can learn from these reviews. We used to really like this place. Two times is a trend.
4	Tried the black bean burger.. it was yumm..dont let the whole garlic cloves throw you off track. It added great taste.. will also mention..the servers are great warm and very welcoming.. talk about breakfast like a king..
2	Very disappointed in this place.  Don't know why, but I had high expectations.To begin with, the person running front of house was overwhelmed.  It wasn't that busy, but she seemed very flustered.  Someone asked her if they could have a cup of coffee or a drink while they waited for the table and it looked like she was having hard time deciding if that could be pulled off.Our waiter was very nice and animated but seemed a little forgetful.  I had told him I didn't want any more Coke and about 5 minutes later he brought a fresh one anyway.  After taking our order, he came up to us asking where our menus where like he had forgotten that he took our order.  I also saw him drop a knife on the floor and he didn't pick it up.  It was just left there for a few minutes until someone else noticed it and picked it up.On to the food.  I had the crab cake benedict and while it didn't taste bad, it sure wasn't great either.  I'd call it more like deviled crab benedict, there wasn't a lot of crab flavor.  I even closed my eyes and ate it to see if I thought it was crab without looking at it.  I found that I couldn't tell if it was a crab cake.  The menu said the hollandaise sauce was "infused" with Andouille sausage but I found when it was served that it actually had chunks of sausage with it.  It didn't go together well.  Also, the green and red peppers served on the dish were too raw.  Finally, the egg was not poached well.  The yolk was way too runny for a poached egg.My wife's omelet was good, according to her.  It was on the smaller size for the price, IMO.  Also, she asked for grits instead of potatoes.  What she got was grits AND potatoes and we were charged for both.  That's fine if they don't sub, but the waiter didn't mention it.  Same deal with the biscuit instead of the English muffin.  No mention of the upcharge.
4	Gotta say I love this place!  Always provides quick service and the staff is very assertive!  I usually choose this place for weekend breakfast gatherings with family and friends!  Only reason it's missing a star is because of the hostess,  who always seems overwhelmingly anxious and somewhat panicked..
4	I've been to Broken Egg Cafe twice now, and I've got to say, I'm a fan.  First, I've never had bad or poor service.  Sometimes it can be a little slow depending on when you go, but otherwise, the service is above reproach.  Second, the food is pretty good, but not great just yet.  Perhaps I need to try a few more items on their menu...So far I've thoroughly enjoyed everything I've had to eat at BEC.  I've had the Stan's #1 omelet.  It comes with crawfish, shrimp, mushrooms, ham & Cheddar-Jack cheese.  Not bad right?  Though it tasted great, the shrimp were a bit soggy and tasted as it they were maybe frozen?  With that being said, everything else was great.  My English muffin was great.  The bacon, which I usually get a side of, has always been cooked perfectly - crispy but not burnt.  Its worth a visit if you have never been here for breakfast and definitely worth keeping in the Breakfast rotation if you have already been.
2	This was my first time here and sadly will be my last.  While the food was pretty good - it certainly doesn't make up for the service.  We arrived to a restaurant that wasn't fully seated but was on a wait.  Once we were seated at our table, it took 30 minutes to get the bloody mary's that were ordered.  The food took another 30 minutes - so we ended up being at the restaurant from 10:40am until 1:00pm.  Kind of ridiculous for a restaurant that wasn't super busy on a Monday morning.
2	I guess my expectations were just too high. First off, the first thing that popped out at us were the prices. Normally I don't squawk IF the quality and portions justify it. In this case, they did NOT. I'm keeping this review simple. The food came out COLD. Portions were VERY SMALL. I ordered their signature Lobster Omlette and the Lobster was NOT very fresh....a little "fishy." At most these were 2 medium egg omlettes. There was supposed to be a "Champagne Butter Sauce" on top. I didn't detect it. There was supposed to be Cream Cheese in the middle. Nada. The Cinnamon roll to start was just OK to me. My friends liked it more than I did. Quite frankly Cinnabon is MUCH better. Sorry it is!The Good : Coffee was excellent. Our server Iris was super friendly and attentive. Location is close to my house.The Bad: High prices, cold food, average quality and SMALL portions.I do not believe I will come back. There are way too many breakfast places that are much cheaper and far better. I've had much better breakfasts at IHOP and a few other places in town to justify coming back here.
5	Passing through Charlotte and happened to find this gem. Food was great atmosphere really nice and our waitress Iris was fantastic! Thank you
3	The food was good but the wait time is just too long. If you plan to have brunch on a Sunday, prepare to wait. That's disappointing! I had the crabstack and others had the pancakes and French toast and everything was 4/5 stars.
4	Delicious!  My favorite breakfast spot.  I had to make an agreement with myself to only go when I have friends or family visiting from out of town because the beignets at so delicious.  Actually everything I have tried is delicious!  All of the Benedicts are tasty, however if you are a Benedict snob you may not appreciate that the poached eggs are usually overdone, not sure if it's deliberate but I don't mind.  The shrimp and grits weren't my favorite and I was a bit disappointed considering how often I have heard people raving over them but perhaps as a newyorker in the south I have no idea what I'm talking about.  I love the mugs in which they serve the hot beverages.  They are super cute!  The restaurant looks like your average diner but the food is anything but.  I know for sure if for nothing else, I will be back for those beignets :-)
1	I give them two stars at most and will not be back. The first time I went was in September. I went to eat lunch by myself. I waited for my food for over 30 minutes. Once the food came I got up to use the restroom since I had already drank a gallon of water while waiting for my food. When I came back my table had been cleared. Understandable I guess! The waitress gave me a free entree coupon for next time. The food was ok that day, wish I got to eat the entire portion or was refunded, but whatever. Today I called in a pick up order. They told me it would be ready in 12 minutes. I get there in 15 minutes and she said the kitchen was backed up and it would be another 10 minutes. Aggravating. Someone else was waiting as well and having the same issue. I ended up waiting 20 MINUTES!!!!!! As I waited I saw several patrons getting up to find employees to ask for water refills and such. When my food finally came I asked if I could have someKetchup. She very sarcastically told me she personally already put it in the bag. Got back to work and Of course no ketchup in my bag. Food was very greasy. I am so done with this place! Never again!
3	A-Okay.Great offerings to use their space: private room, an intimate outdoor patio, plentiful tables and booths on the inside, and even a small bar. Tucked away and easy to miss in the Morrison Shopping Center. This location has had its share of various businesses over the past 4 years from entertainment center to Bank of Granite (I think), maybe something else, and now this restaurant. Friendly and attentive service. Food is average. Ordered the veggie burger made with black beans with a side of house fries (squared potatoes with seasoned salt). Fine, but not delicious. Friend ordered the BLT. Both of us enjoyed the quite diner-like experience, but noted that it isn't a place that we'd likely pick for a frequent lunch spot. Well decorated in perfect Southern flair, reminds me a bit like the Flying Biscuit. Needless to say, it made for a quiet lunch and service was great. Food, on the other hand, doesn't make my mouth water.
3	Adequate- clean, decent food, but somewhat overpriced. My pancake was a little undercooked but eggs were fine. The potato entree with small wedges of potatoes with cheese and three other items (eg bacon, mushrooms) was a small portion with very few bits of the "sides". Would have been acceptable as a $5-$6 item, but disappointing at $9.99.  So overall, nothing wrong with the place but just nothing special in my eyes.
