4	My hands are very important in my line of work.  You could say I'm like a hand model.  Many times, clients will see my hands before they see me.  So it's important that I have beautiful nails, not overly long or overly decorated, just cuticle-free, strong, well-shaped, nice nails.I'm an easy yet picky customer.  What does that mean?  I don't do gels or acrylics.  I only get mani-pedis.  But I'm Vietnamese, we're meant to take over the world, one nail at a time, in the famous Dat Phan's words.  Three of my family members own nail salons in different states, I've worked in a couple of them.  So I know my manicures and pedicures.  I know the work and shortcuts.  I know how to give a 30-min mani-pedi and a 75-min mani-pedi.  Like I said, I'm Vietnamese.Except, I don't look Vietnamese.  So it's been difficult for me to find nail salons I like, since they treat me like a non-Vietnamese, while I literally understand what they're saying and technically know what they're doing.  But I like Instyle Nails.It could be because the first time I came here, it was with my friend, a pretty famous singer, well-known in the Viet community, so immediately they knew I was Vietnamese and also wanted to impress me because of my friend.  It's nice to be acquainted with fame.  But I've been to the salon a few times now, and I still like it.  It's clean.  They're always friendly, and not just to me.  And most importantly, all the nail technicians I've had are detail-oriented.  They don't take shortcuts.  I recommend either Trina or Joe.  Trina will shower you with her 75-min mani-pedi.  She takes pride in her work.  Joe does a good job and will crack you up with his quirky irreverent sense of humor.  I like them.
1	No appointment required, but I recommend making one if you go here!! My friend and I wanted to pamper ourselves a little for our birthdays. I wanted a mani/pedi and my friend wanted a manicure. This place is right by my parents house and since we were going to their house afterwards, we decided on InStyle Nails. We walked in and signed the 'Welcome' book at 9:40AM. The salon opened at 9:30. The lady greeted us, asked us what we wanted to get done and said it would be 5 minutes. She asked us to pick our color of nail polish while we waited. I noticed there were already 3 ladies in the spa pedicure chairs and the lady was the only one there. She got on the phone and I assumed she was calling her other co-workers because within 15 minutes, 5 others had showed up.Our 5 minute wait turned into a 25 minute wait. There was a party of 6 who walked in about 9:50AM and they ALL had appointments. We almost left, but decided to stay since we weren't really on a time crunch and our greeter lady kept telling us, "you're next after them."Once in the pedicure chair, I was pleased to find that it was a message chair. However, the pedicure itself only lasted about 10 minutes.... I expected it to last a little longer. The guy who did my pedicure didn't really take his time and he missed some spots when he painted my toes. He did a poor job on my manicure as well. I still had hang nails and after 3 days, all the nail polish had chipped away. My friend's manicure lasted over mine, but her polish started to chip as well. I will not be going back to InStyle Nails on Silverado.
5	Went there twice while I was visiting Vegas. Very personable employees.
4	I really enjoyed my pedicure at Instyle Nails.  There was a little wait but I was a walk in so 15 minutes was not too bad. The staff was pleasant did a good job.  The salon was clean and equipment was sanitized and newly opened in front of me.  My favorite was the wax foot wrap, it was such a nice touch.
4	I've actually made Instyle Nails my regular nail salon for pedicures.  I figured since I've been here at least a dozen or so times I should write a review. . . The staff is pleasant and they remember you if you are a repeat client. I always get the Deluxe Pedicure and it's literally an hour of pure pampering.  They do a complete 60+ minutes every time with wax foot wraps (my favorite). Color selection is good and they also offer a great variety if you like the gels.  I had gels for the summer and they did a great job with those.  I would recommend the gels for anyone who doesn't like the thick acrylic nails and is looking for a natural yet elegant nail style. A+ for cleanliness.  This is one thing I always investigate before using a salon and they sterilize all the tools and open the sealed packaged in front of you.  If you are with a group or want to visit during a peak time then I suggest making an appointment since it does get busy.  +1 for Tina's waxing.  She is the only one who I will go to now.  Hands down the best for eyebrows.
2	Went to Instyle nails on Silverado for first time and will probably not go back. Girl who did my pedicure was really good however, the nail polish chipped off after first day. After a few days and most of the polish chipping off I went by told them what happened and had them reprint my nails to which they charged me 10.00.
5	Love this place!!!   Kevin always does my nails my favorite!!!!
5	I love this place! They are always super friendly and I have never been disappointed with my nails. They are very reasonably priced! This is my favorite nail spot.
5	Tina has been doing my gel manicures and pedicures for about 4 years. On my lazy days she will take her time and give me a nice massage. If I'm in a hurry she will get me in and out without compromising the quality. On rare occasions if I chip a nail she will take care of me the very next day without a charge. I really love this place.
5	Love this place!!!!! right by work and in and out
5	Tina is amazing.  From day one, she took excellent care of me.  I had a horrific experience elsewhere and she gave me advice on what to do.  Best person I've ever had do manicures and pedicures.  I love the gel and how long it holds up.  Very grateful for a friend referring me to Tina.  I've watched everyone there work and everyone is always very nice, helpful, and listens to your requests.  It's nice to have someone that actually listens :)  Plus they are very clean, which is a VERY big deal for me.  I've been going here for a couple years and won't go anywhere else :)
1	$44 and an hour of my time for a fill, color and small design on 2 nails.  What a waste! They don't talk to you just each other and when you try to start a conversation it's like pulling teeth to get them to continue it. later that night my gel clear coat started bubbling off on 2 nails,  used nail glue to fix.  Within the week every nail had lifting on the clear coat and even the acrylic fill started lifting. Not even 2 weeks later and I have to get them redone. Will definitely not be returning!
1	Not sure what a pedi includes? However, here it is a soak and trim and painting! I was asked by nail tech if I wanted my calluses removed? I said of course. He said that would be another $5 dollar charge. Lol. These places put $15-$20 pedicures on their sign and get you in, then start trying to nickel and dime you! Never go back! This is becoming pretty normal at all places I would ask what the pedi includes before sitting down! Smh a$$holes!
1	Worst nail salon ever. Tried this place for the first and last time today. First of all, my acrylic is so thick and gaudy, they just ignored me when I asked him to make it natural. The women that work here walk around barefoot the whole day eating. And eating loudly, smacking their food. The sink to wash your hands is covered in calcium buildup and is disgusting. Not to mention the bail brushes look like their 10 years old. Over priced and dirty!!!!
2	Holy moly! Can you say low budget?  This is one of the dirtiest shops I've ever been in. All of the tools are used and dirty. I'm not really sure how this place passes inspections. The girl that did my mani/pedi was really rough with me and when it came time to scrape my heels , she used a CHEESE GRATER!!!!! I'm not sure if this is standard practice in Nevada, but  there is no way that would fly in California. My advice is beware and make sure you are up to date on your tetanus shot.
5	I have been coming here for over a year and it is by far the best nail place in Vegas. My wife and I both love Tina. They are always very friendly and know us by our names.
5	Been coming here for years!!! They're so quick, but take time to check and make sure everything looks good and my nails (just acrylic) last for weeks!! Sometimes I can go a whole month with 1 fill! They always listen to me with what I want..thicker fill, thinner, short etc! Also they have 2 TVs that's good kause when I go it's after work and they play the news. Will always go here!! They got me hooked!!
1	Love love love this place!!! Everyone is amazing here.... Especially my doll TINA! Go get nailed by Tina!!! My new favorite place. I literally left my old nail salon (which I had gone to for over 4 year) bc of her. Beautiful environment and great people.SAD TO REPORT I WILL NO LONGER COME HERE. VERU DISAPPOINTED. STILL HAVING SKIN ISSUES. GROSS
5	I just left a hideous nail place and cancelled my pedicure, just to come here with a friend who referred me. They were amazing and Trish did my pedicure I absolutely love it. I'm going to come here for myself also. They spoke to me look me in the eye and treated me like I was actually here for an enjoyable experience. Come here if you want a good experience for inexpensive and have your nails and pedicure to be awesome!
1	One star only because I can't give zero.  WORST PEDICURE EVER!  Which saddens me because i used to come here frequently (over a year ago) and it was great.  Today there were new people, which is fine.  They seemed off put that I walked in without an appointment.  But said they had time to see me.  When I sat down and put my feet in the water I kindly informed the woman that it was cold, so she turned up the water, which was spouting ice cold water.  I again let her know, she sighed loudly and adjusted it.  She spoke in a different language and someone else came over and sat down to give me my pedicure.  She was extremely rough with the trimmers and file.  She didn't speak to me at all just pushed and pulled my feet when she wanted them to move, with such force that I left with a bruise on my heel.  The 'massage' was about 10 seconds on each leg and had no pressure, I use more pressure when applying lotion after the shower.  When she used the pumice stone there was no pressure either so there was no reason for using it in the first place.  I informed her a couple times that she was hurting me and she didn't even respond.  She had a different person come over to paint my toes, who did a great job though.... When I got up to pay she came over to ring me up.  I handed her my card and she asked what amount I wanted to pay above the cost.  I said nothing, she said I could not write the tip in on the receipt, to which I informed her that was fine.  She was very annoyed that I didn't tip her and asked what was wrong.  Shaking my head as I left, I can't imagine how she couldn't know.  Really people, a tip is when you do a good job, it's not something customers have to do.
1	Just left from getting a pedicure. Dirty salon, not one nail tech used cleaned tools, not a good massage; quick and rushed. The better the massage, the better the tip in my book. Tech was really rough with my nail beds. Not a good or relaxing pedicure, wont be returning.
1	I am so disappointed with the nail salons that i came across here in vegas and this one tested my ability to keep my emotions under control. To start I sit at a chair the lady sits down does not say hi just full set i say yes. Then she gets her phone out her station starts texting then makes a call all while i am waiting for her to start. Then she finally starts still no hi nothing she then asks if i want my nails cut down i say yes. She then starts speaking her language to the guy next to her they talk the whole time, she forgets to cut my nails down due to all the talking, then asks me 3 different time if i want my nails squared again because of her socializing with her coworkers she does not remember what i want done, oh and she takes a few more personal phone calls while doing my nails which causes her to stop and gets up a few times to do other things while all i want is my nails finished. This lady that was sitting next to me it was her first time as well she asked for gel over her nails the dude who was socializing as well gave her acrylic once she asked about the gel again he didn't say sorry or nothing just oh u can come in a get a fill when they grow out. She asks me is it my first time I said yes, then she said mine too i am having a hard time finding a good nail place i wanted to try this place out but wont be coming back i said me too. To sum this up my nails don't look good bunch of bubbles and they are not even the lady didn't try to have a conversation with me til time for me to pay because she wanted a tip which she did not get, then when i get up to dry my nails she didn't move my purse and no thank you for coming in. I will NEVER come back to this place ever again! If you can have a conversation with me when it's time to pay you know enough english to say hello how are you how can i help you when i first get there, it's so rude to me when i am at a nail place and they don't speak english you don't know if they are talking about you and it makes you feel as you don't belong in there.
4	I've been coming here for years.  Before the new owners came in i wouldn't come in because the old owners only spoke in Chinese.  I rarely spoke to them because i felt like they didn't try to talk to me or anything.  Now the new owners they still talk in Chinese but the man i get he prefers to learn english (he's from Vietnam) and that makes me very happy that while his english isn't the greatest he's trying.
