4	I ate there 2 times. I recommend sea food soup, spicy salty shrimp, Singapore rice noodle. The location is not that good. It's in Sun Prairie, a suburb area from Madison, WI. I believe if the location is in downtown Madison, it would be one of the top Chinese restaurant in Madison.
4	Panda Garden is the best place to get Chinese food in Sun Prairie. And they deliver which is a plus in my book! I've eaten in the restaurant a couple of times, but usually do take out. I've never had anything I didn't like there (and we've tried a very good array of items). Tonight we had the Garlic Shrimp and Chicken Lo Mein. Both were awesome! The Garlic Shrimp had a nice spicy kick to it, but still had a TON of flavor! The crab Rangoon and pot stickers are also tasty!  Pricing is very reasonable for what you get!
5	I love this place. The fried dumplings are to die for.
5	Easy on-line menu, great selection and fabulous food. I ordered hot/ sour soup, egg roll and chicken/ broccoli. All of it was great. I can't wait to go back.
5	Every time my boyfriend and I eat here, it has been great. We really enjoy the steamed dumplings and hot and sour soup. The staff is very friendly, too.
1	I was unhappy due to having to wait 55 minutes for my one meal (steamed veggies combo with chicken, shrimp and scallops!  Then I get two pieces of shrimp, three small slices of chicken a few tiny scallops!!  For $12.00 that is a rip off, a joke and unacceptable!  You going to charge for food with those items in you better put more than sliced veggies!!  I will never come back!
1	I was so excited to order from here, due to the (mostly) positive reviews. Boy, was I disappointed! First of all, we ordered for delivery tonight, on New Year's Eve. Hey, I get it; NYE is a busy holiday for restaurants, so it's not like I expect a 30 minute delivery time. But when an hour and a half passed without our food, we called to check in. They told us, "Sorry, we only have one delivery driver for more than 30 orders." Um... ok? Why, when you know it's a holiday, would you not staff more drivers? So that was ridiculous right off the bat. Then, our food arrived (about an hour and 45 minutes after we ordered), and I would have forgiven the long wait had the food been amazing (or even good!). Sadly, this was not the case. I ordered the children's chicken fried rice for my kids, and I was honestly scared to give it to them when I opened the container and saw the cold, gray, limp chicken lying within the rice. My kids tried it and promptly spit it out. My order (the cashew chicken) was limp and spongy; the only slightly passable thing we ordered was the General Tso's chicken. Although even that, while it had excellent flavor on the breading and sauce, provided way more gristle than I expect to ingest when eating from a restaurant. So we may (if all other options are exhausted) give it another try, because hey, maybe it was just a fluke bad experience because of New Year's Eve. But I highly doubt we'll make our way there any time soon. I'd rather just get Chinese takeout from Imperial Garden on the east side of Madison; it's about the same distance from us as Panda Garden, and it's ten times better.
