3	i like the rex. it used to be a movie theatre. i like how the floor is slanted. cause it helps a tiny bit being able to see over tall people in front of you.(they have since taken the seats out)they have awesome lighting usually too.but i haven't been there much recently. because most of the shows are 21+. although they let me in once with my mommy. haha.
5	I've never had a bad time at the rex.  The drinks at the bar are pretty pricey here.  It's non-smoking, now, which is actually good.  Whether there are chairs set up or it's SRO, the shows fill up and it's not TOO crowded to enjoy it.  They usually have an interesting array of bands that come through, a lot of good jazz.  Definately a place to check out if you're new or visiting pittsburgh.
4	I recently went to the Trombone shorty show at the rex and was pleasantly surprised with the changes that have been made.  The sounds and lighting systems have all been upgraded with care.  Mostly what I know about the place is that there are some really great acts going through that venue.  More and more I see myself looking into who is playing there because as a venue its pretty rockin!  Check it out.
5	August 28th Dubstep show with DATsiK better be there gonna be pure filth
5	The Rex Theater is one of the best venues in Pittsburgh for electronic artists. The floor is large enough to accommodate a decent crowd, but they never oversell the events so there is always room to breathe (even if the show sells out). The sound system and lighting are adequate, and the drinks are reasonably priced compared to other "club" venues. Recently, I've seen The Glitch Mob and Designer Drugs. Both shows were a blast. The biggest con is trying to find South Side parking on a Thurs-Sat night.
4	I went to see the glitch mob here, good venue, good drinks
4	Every time I have gone, I have had adequate space to move around and dance. The sound is good, lights are okay. My biggest problem is the bar area - it's all the way outside, next to the lobby in a small, cramped area with a net that separates the bar from the entrance of the dance hall. I don't like missing out on all the action every time I have to get a drink.
5	I came here not long ago with friends and my awesome man Darren W. (hi sweetie) and had a blast watching excellent Pretty Things Peepshow.  The place seems ancient, but that's what gives it a great vibe. I just wish they had more metal shows here. I'm tired of Diesel.
4	Recently caught a show at the (relatively) recently renovated Rex Theater, marking my first show there. I have to say, I'm a pretty big fan of the venue. As you enter, to the right there is a bar area and to the left a stage: A small, square room with a slightly slanted floor and a balcony behind it. Ideally the slanted floor should give shorter people in the back a better view, and I have to say that while I am a taller person, the view from the back was excellent, giving a full view of the stage.The house lighting is decent and the soundsystem is LOUD for the space with great bass, which makes it pretty good for dance music and such. Unfortunately, I spent most of my time too close to the stage to actually hear how it sounded, so I can't comment on it being any better than loud.Didn't really notice the staff, which is always a good thing. They get a fairly decent variety of shows here as well, working with Grey Box Productions. Apparently they do some non-music events.Definitely worth catching a show here, in a town with quite a few venues worth missing a show at.Oh and venue capacity is probably about 500-600
4	Always a good time. Bar area is small and crowded but worth it to see all the cool acts that come through this venue.
5	This is a great Pittsburgh venue that caters to all types of music lovers! the sound and lighting are really good and have made for some awesome and entertaining nights. the bar is nice and recently started adding a decent Microbrew selection. I had some good local ones there like East End Brewery and Full Pint. Would be nice if it was non-smoking, but that's the way bars seem to be going in Pittsburgh.Highly recommended! Check out their schedule and you'll find great bands and DJ's!
3	The Rex is basically a little old theater that's been completely deconstructed and remixed... not entirely successfully.Entering the venue I was very confused when my ticket was taken by the "box office" lady and then the big dude at the actual entrance point wanted nothing to do with my ID.  I later (like 2 seconds later) discovered that the alcohol section is cordoned off away from the stage by some sort of trampy sheer fabric membrane.  Big bummer.On the plus side -- the floor is slanted slightly which makes it easier for the shorter among us to see the action on the stage.  Also, street parking nearby was not terribly hard to come by which was a pleasant surprise.Overall the experience left me without a strong urge to come back, but if I happened to be in Pittsburgh and someone good was playing I wouldn't completely avoid it either.
4	i like this place as a music venue. it's small, so it is intimate, but it's big enough that everyone has room to dance and mill around.when you enter the venue, to your right is the 21+ section with a bar (although i hear talk that they are building another bar in the stage area as well) and to your left is the stage area. the two areas are sectioned off and there's no smoking, not even in the bar.the stage area is pretty cool, like i said, small but big enough. they get pretty cool bands here a lot as well, good mix of different kinds of music.
4	Just as DC has The Black Cat and Atlanta has Lenny's (RIP), Pittsburgh has the Rex. I came here for the first time to see Swans just the other day- good times, loud times! It's a little bit scuzzy but hey, sometimes it's better that way. The box office closes up after the show gets going so if you're a late-comer, better have your tickets on hand. The place wasn't air conditioned from what I could tell (or feel) and there was a giant industrial sized fan near the theater doors. I'd be up for checking out another show here when I'm in town. Bonus: they sell Rex koozies at the bar!
5	I went out to see a show last weekend (21+). I'm not 21, but I had called the theater earlier in the week to see if I could still attend the show and I was told to call back on the day of the show. the morning of the show I called the theater again and asked if I could go, and I was told that they would mark my hands and warn the staff that I was there so I couldn't drink. They said they're legally allowed to have up to 10 underage people at the venue by PA state law... I didn't care about that, just wanted to see the show. When I got to the door I was told I couldn't attend the show. I was disappointed for sure, but the generous staff at The Rex offered me a few free tickets to an upcoming show for compensation. After acknowledging my bad experience, they did everything they could to make it better, which makes a quality staff (and a quality venue) in my opinion. I look forward to seeing more shows at The Rex for sure!
4	I had a great time at the Rex.  I wasn't sure what to expect from the Rex Theater but I remember growing up on the Southside and my grandma taking me to see movies here when I was very young so I at least knew it would be very theater like.There was some awkward construction happening in the rare of the theater what looked to be a newly constructed bar that took away from the scenery a bit.
4	This was a really interesting space. We all agreed that this place was simply too cool for us.
4	Saw Andy McKee here the other day. The place is pretty divey, but exactly what I expected. The sound system was good, and the place was small enough to be intimate. They have drinks available too, which is always a plus.Definitely going back.
5	I go to the Rex on a frequent basis.  One of my favorite places to see a show!!   Awesome sound.  Awesome lights.  Not a bad view in the house.  Great friendly staff and a great selection of brews.  Great eclectic mix of artists that perform here.  Definitely check it out.
3	Some friends and I caught a show here over the weekend and we weren't disappointed. This was actually my first visit to the Rex, a decent smaller venue on the Sah Side.Getting in was fairly easy...short line, ID check, will-call ticket pick-up, hand stamp and we were good to go. My one friend bought the first round of drinks at the small bar behind the entrance and I took care of the second round (PBR tall boys to mix in with the hipster crowd) from the busier bar at the back of the open auditorium. Prices were about what you'd expect.Nothing fancy about the interior, but the sound was very good and the packed house, including us, had a great time. Too easy. 3.5 Stars.
5	CASH ONLY.  But it does include an ATM, with rather minimal ATM fees. Once of my favorite places in the city.  Very cool atmosphere.  My favorite event, the moth, is held here once a month.  There are also various performances - with a rather eclectic mix of groups at a very reasonable price.
4	This is a great small venue for local Pittsburgh bands, I've been there frequently because my son is in the band called" The Semi-Supervillains " if you haven't checked them out yet, you must there pretty good!  Its nice at the Rex, you can get up nice and close to the stage to enjoy the show!  They have some all age shows
4	I really love Rex Theater! I went to see Andy McKee and it was just a phenomenal show- the space, the artist, the venue- everything was on point! The venue is spacious and perfect to see a small band or performer! For Andy McKee, there were folding chairs lined in three sections with a capacity for about 80-100 people. Although this event had a large crowd, it was spacious enough that you didn't feel squished. I also saw the Jonas Brothers here before the hype surrounded them, so there were not many people, making it very roomy! You could stand in the front or stand back and would still see the performer perfectly. If there was a bigger band here, I think the space could get a bit crowded, but I think that's why the Rex doesn't cater to big performers. It is the perfect place to see an unknown band just to experience the theater and sample some new music!
4	Best place for some electronica beats.
