1	1: I'll start with Customer Service,  They have none!!2: Delivery of Goods: Is there a stepped on star I can check My Wife Bought a 3 oil change punch card from Living Social and gifted it to me January 19th 2014 and I have yet to receive it from Living Social today is Feb 7th 2014.What I have received is a bunch of unwanted emails from the Living Social Vendor "Planet Super Saver"Process: Wife buys Bday gift from Living Social and it is emailed to me... I click on the link it is a punch card for  3 oil changes. I click the link in the email sent to me by Living Social and it sends me to another coupon site "Planet Super" Saver AKA Planet Spam.  Planet Super Saver requires that you  fill out  name, address, email and phone number in order to receive your gift... I understand needing to verify the person, but phone should be optional and there should also be a box that reads " Would you like to receive notifications from us ( Pay Attention Marketing, this is ABC)One week after I fill out the spam form from Planer Super Saver I still have no punch card for my birthday gift, so I called Living Social...  Living Social pulls my info and tells me they see the purchase of the gift and they have my email, but I have to call their vendor "Planet Super Saver"... 30 minutes later I finally get someone on the phone...  The rep says she will priority mail the card and take me off any email list( I have unsubscribed 3 times and still get unwanted emails) Over a  week later still no card and I get an email from living social today asking if my problem was resolved.... I answer back no card and no my problem was not resolved,,, I am then informed they cannot help  me because I did not purchase gift.????? Seriously!!!!  So you emailed to see if I got my card and by the way we cannot help you?Dear Planet Super Saver Fire your Marketing Team, Fire your "Senior" customer service rep and start  over...Or I am happy to come in and teach them the ABC of Marketing and Customer Service.You guys are not only giving yourself a black eye, but also tarnishing the business owners placing ads on your site.
1	Terrible Service from this company. I purchased a deal online, well they got my money anyway. Product purchased on Jan 30. from Deal Chicken. Went to redeem deal and was directed to Planet Super Saver. FIlled out online requirements.February 20 call to office. No one picked up.  left voice message sent emailFebruary 21st no response sent 2nd emailFebruary 21st email from customer service promising voucher within 1 week.February 27th no voucher. Call to company office requesting refundCustomer service states they don't print or mail the vouchers so they can take one week to ten days. The site states 5 - 7 business days to receive the product..You would expect a company to expedite a product if they get a complaint from a customer stating that they have not received the product but not here.
1	I want to share my experience with this company. I think it's kind of scam.  I bought from Amazon local 3 change oil and 3 tire rotation for 30$. I fill out form, received portion of spam and wait when they mail me my punch card. After 2 weeks I mailed to customer Service and ask about my card. They replay very quickly and said that they send card for me week ago and really sorry that I not received card and they  void original card and send for me replacement card. I wait for another 2 weeks then call again. In this time guy said me that they will send me card registered mail and even give me taking number but after week USPS site said this same "Electronic Shipping Info Received" so I call to Amazon local and explain situation and hopefully will have my money back SO BE AWARE!!!!!
1	Scam. Like the other reviewers company did not ship product and I was forced to fill out a form with a significant amount if personal info including bday, phone, address, etc. I complained to amazon who claims they will be taking the vendor off their site but well see. Also check out bbb.org to see their 24 (at the time of writing this) complaints over the last several years. Amazon local, living social, groupon and the other places I've seen this company on are sites that sell coupons for company's, so what the hell does this company do? They sell coupons to the company's that sell coupons.
1	I purchased 3 oil changes through Planet Super Saver, but the vendor "All in 1 Automotive" went out of business. I have been trying to contact PSS, but these guys do not answer their phone, they have a recording requesting that you leave a message which I did,  three times and did not get a call back all day. The next day I contacted livingsocial, where I got their voucher and they got them to call me back, but I missed their call and they left no information I could use except for me to call them back, I did just to reach another recording. I went to their website and found live chat, but it is not alive chat at all, After I enter my message it said they would contact me later. This is way to frustrating and not worth my time.
