4	I like La Senza purely because at sale time you can get a decent bra for a fiver. Being on the small chested side, my size is usually readily available in the sale so I'm in bra shopping heaven. The bras are quite nice, they do a good mix of casual and sexy so depending on your mood you are sorted. There is also a good selection of matching pants, pyjamas, slippers and nightgowns. This shop is a little small so it can be hard to manoeuvre around and the staff are a little snippy, but at sale time it is worth it.
2	Hm... most items in La Senza just look naff and cheap and the whole place nearly went tits up (pardon the pun) a few years ago and I'm surprised it's still open for business. I found it hilarious as after visiting a few Euro shops in Berlin and Dresden most of their underwear was from La Senza. Are things that bad La Senza that you have to flog off your poorly made garments for one euro? Apparently so.I have to admit, they do offer some cosy jammies and I got a nice tartan teddy pair in the January sales but apart from the jammies the underwear is pretty rubbish. Most of the undies are in garish colours, like bright pink or luminous orange so if you want your knickers to glow in the dark then there's a good range here. In addition to bad pants, every bra I've ever bought from here is always too small even when I buy my usual size that does the job everywhere else.I dunno... La Senza used to be nice and I used to enjoy buying friends nice gifts wrapped in pretty boxes with scented beads inside. The La Senza fad is definitely done and dusted, or perhaps I've just grown out of it.
3	Very hit-and-miss.Sometimes, you go in here and find the most perfectly fitting bras that a) look good, and b) are well-priced. Sometimes though, you look on every single rack and still don't find anything that even your Vicky Pollard would wear. Last time I was in here, the 'in' coulours were the most ridiculous things I've ever seen in my life... who needs underwear in acid neon shades of yellow/green/pink/orange?! Not exactly attractive.Whinge over, they measuring service here is really good. And what's more, because their sizes are really small, in La Senza you'll always need a bra one size bigger than in most others places. Bonus!It's probably worth trying in here next time you're out shopping for underwear, especially if they have a sale on. Just don't hold your breath.
2	If I were 16 and discovering bras (other than sport bras and "practical bras") then I would this that this is the place for it. Add the occasional funky PJ's you can find here you've got yourself a winner.Now that I am a bit older, one comes to realise that a lot of the stuff is tacky, or just plain uncomfortable, either for the body or on the eyes. The pyjamas loose the appeal they might have once had. As Eleanor M. said it feels like La Senza has lost its touch-  I recall a lot more fun stock and gift ideas. Now if I ever do go in and find something I half-like it's a rare occasion.
2	Another big-brand review. Whilst I do like to shop as Scottish-local where possible sometimes you just have to accept that they don't fashion bras out of heather and honey and sheep's wool and have to concede to going into a sparkly, pink-and-black nationwide store.I used to actually not mind La Senza. The bras are cheap (used to be, still are). But I especially could rely on them for all the MAGIC things that girls sometimes need that make your chest, bra and general outfit do MAGIC things. Like double-sided sticky tape, strapless, backless bras, those long see-through extra bra straps that mean you can wrap the straps around your torso and hide it from a criss-crossed dress yet still giving ample bosom supporting / perking capabilities. If any man has made it this far into the review, please at once appreciate, admire and be in awe of just how much effort and complexities women sometimes go to just to make that one-shoulder, ruffled, backless Coast dress look RAVISHING. It's a mine-field under there.Anyway, La Senza used to be reliable for supplying all these sticky, long, extra things. Guaranteed. When I was in today enquiring after a few of these things, I was told they all sold out in January. Ehm, January? That was 6 months ago. Yes, but the company has now stopped doing them. Right.So throw that into a mix of a store that's already really quite chaotic (seems to constantly be in a sale), with hardly any sizes in stock (there's no 30 Backs now apparently, only 32 woop) (sarcasm), and a changing room where the carpet was literally filthy with dirt and dust. The staff were really nice, so it's not a reflection on thm per se, it just feels like everyone has given up in the store on looking after it and making it well presented, as well as ordering in things and keeping stock up today.So now I don't really see any reason to go to La Senza. The bras are cheap but they give me a rash they're so itchy, and they no longer have all their secret magic things in stock, or stockings themselves either.
