1	Terrible service & charged me for ceramic brakes, but only gave me lower-quality semi-metallic brakes. After I went to another mechanic to discover the problem, Fletchers still wouldn't fix the problem.
5	I had to run here on lunch to get my oil changed and 2 tires replaced before i left on a trip the next day to Flagstaff and i couldnt be happier.  The people i spoke with over the phone were very accomodating gave me a great price and most importantly got me in and out on time to work.  I really must say i will go back here again when i get my brakes done, as well any other routine maintence im too lazy to do myself, and back to the tires they beat the price on tires for the same tire everywhere else and had them in stock for me the same day!
5	A few weeks ago I came here to have an alignment, because someone hit a curb in my car and my tire was wobbling pretty bad.  they did the alignment but that didn't fix the problem.  Well as it turned out I needed a new wheel because the old one was bent.  I drive a mini cooper, and they didn't have the wheel for it so they told me to go ahead and buy it (I bought it online) and they would install it for me.  What I didn't realize until I took it there for the installation was that they were going to do it free of charge.  I think these guys are great.  I will continue to go to them in the future!
4	Don't fall for the old quarter super glued to the floor trick!  They got me and had a good laugh.  Good service though.  I'd recommend.
1	One of the worst experiences I've had in a long time with a business. I purchased tires from them with their warranty about 6 months ago. Three months ago one of the tires had a leak. They repaired the tire and sent me on my way after leaving the car there from 10am, they finish repairing the tire at 4 pm. A few weeks later the leak is back. They repair it again, this time I drop it off at 8am and they still finish at 3pm.. Another two weeks and the leak comes back again. Finally they are willing to order a new tire. It takes them two months to get the tire, with me calling them every week to check if it's in. It's funny how when I first wanted to buy the tires they were able to get it the next day, but when they need to stand by their replacement warranty, it takes 2 months. Finally they get it and I drop the car off at 11am on a Wednesday. They do not finish with my car until 3:30pm. I'm pretty sure it doesn't take four and a half hours to change a tire. Will never do business with them again and will warn everyone I know about them.
1	This is the worst experience I have ever had in the Auto service industry. I made an appointment for an oil change with a Groupon coupon I had purchased. My appointment was at 9am and I arrived on time. I asked how long it might be and was told an hour. I sat down in the waiting room with three other individuals who had arrived prior to me. The one gentleman was in for a tune up, one gal to have her breaks checked and another woman to get her brake pads replaced. Two hours and fifteen minutes later the four of us are still sitting there with no news or updates on our vehicles. The breaks checked gal decides she will need to come again another day and when she tells the clerk this he says, "Are you sure? We are about to pull your car in now." The break pads woman left after 3.5 hours. At 11:15 am the clerk comes to tell me that they did not have the correct oil filter for my car so they have ordered one but he doesn't feel comfortable letting me leave with the current one installed and asks if I can wait another 15 minutes. I reply by stating that I don't feel that I have a choice. At 12:54 he comes to tell me my car is ready. (What happened to 15 minutes?) He offers me six free oil change coupons for the inconvenience and states that "it doesn't normally take this long." Yet everyone else in the waiting room had been waiting nearly as long for their minor services as well. Four hours for an oil change? No offer to take me home, no communication as to what was taking so long, no honest apologies - just an offer to come back for free oil changes. Free or not, my time is worth more than that. I was not pleased when I left to get into my car to find my keys were dirty with a black residue and so was my steering wheel, emergency break and shifter. Yuck! I had to clean me and the inside of my car after my visit. I was sorely disappointed.
1	This place is ridiculous.  I went once for an oil change and they convinced me I needed some other fluids flushed.  I did that.  Thought the service was fine.Next time I went to get an oil change I was told to make an appointment.  So I called and was told call back another day because they didn't know when they could do it and they don't make appointments.  I asked for a manger, only to find out I was speaking to the manager.  I began to let him know my frustration and was told oh well, tough luck and hung up on.  NEVER will I use these people or ever recommend them to anyone.  Consumer beware!!!
2	Got here at 645 to be first for an oil change took 40 min to get car on rack. 15 minutes in the air to get the oil drained. Watched 3 employees talk about nothing before that even started. No one in lobby to great you and the customer waiting area has garbage in it from Thursday when I dropped in to try and get the oil changed then
1	COUPONS ARE BOGUS. First time I called to get in for a oil and filter and new wiper blades, with a coupon from FLETCHER'S for the oil change, they said call back after twelve for afternoon appointments. They did not have any.So a few days later I call again and Corey tells me I need to call at 8am for same day, not noon. I mentioned that last time he, Corey, told me to call at noon. "Well I'm sorry about that".  My opinion is when a place is incompetent on the phone, it ONLY GETS WORSE.
1	Fletcher's is a joke.... I went there for and oil change and they convinced me to buy 2 get one free. So my total out the door was $40. Well making this next appointment was the worst!!!!! I called everyday at 8am for there stupid same day app. crap and somehow they were already booked for the WHOLE day or didn't answer. I went in to get the refund for my other one I purchase and they would only give me 8$!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! When I should have gotten $20. The guy gave me so much attitude when I said fine I'll take the eight buck. But I have obviously can't get any help from them so it's 8$ or nothing! They also did nothing to try and accommodate the annoying situation they put me in .
4	Great service, good value.
1	If I could give them 0 stars I would. It's not just bad service (and read the reviews, the service is beyond bad, it's insulting) these people are CROOKS. I used to live near one of these places and took my car in for an oil change and to have a squeaky belt replaced. I was told my car needed over $600 of service (too long a list to type here) and that "All my belts" needed changing. I said, "Oh, really" All of them?" And the mechanic replied "Yes, you should do all of them at once, and it's $375." People, my car has ONE belt. I took it to my regular mechanic and he installed it for free (it took about 10 minutes, and he charged me $20 for the belt!) along with replacing the old oil filter Fletcher's left on the car. RIP OFF WITH A BAD ATTITUDE!
4	Unlike some of the other reviewers, I had a good experience at this Fletchers. We brought our SUV in for a full inspection since we had just purchased it and it was used. We knew it had some issues due to it's age and wanted to ensure it was fit for driving. The person we got it from said he did all the oil changes himself regularly and maintained it the best he could.After the Fletchers inspection they did find that most of the regular maintenance items were in great shape as the previous owner had told us... so points for Fletchers for not trying to sell us something we didn't need. We also noticed that the AC wasn't really as cold as we thought it should be... Fletchers suggested a minor repair and added dye to the AC for us to watch. He said if it starts to not blow cold again then bring it back and they would be able to find any leaks that appear. At the end of the day we did have a lengthly list of items that need to be repaired or that will need service soon... he suggested some items we could do ourselves over a weekend as well. So yes, we had to invest into our car for some repairs but overall I feel they were honest about what we really needed, what we could wait on and what we could do ourselves. They also completed all the work in 2 days. He also found some specials for us and saved us about $100.
1	Horrible and awful are not strong enough words. I have taken my work trucks here a few times due to some groupon coupons, but never again. I took my s-10 in a couple weeks ago. They fixed the seals and said that would fix it. 2 months later I'm still going through a quarter of oil per week. Took the day off work yesterday just to get my truck fixed. Dropped it off at 8:30am. Arrogant guy behind the counter asked "what if I can't get it back to you until Monday." I told him that I'd have to go somewhere else because work starts at 6:30am Monday. He said no problem, he'd give me a call shortly. I called at 3:45 and he said he was going to look at it in the morning. I reminded him of our conversation and he said oh yeah. I then asked if they could do it now and they said no, they close in 15mins, which means I wasn't even going to get a phone call before they closed. When I went in same arrogant guy behind the counter never apologized and said "when" I bring it back in he'll waive the $90 diagnostic fee. Give me a break, too arrogant to even apologize. DO NOT GO HERE!!!
1	Do not buy tires from Fletcher.  They do not warrant the tires they sell.  I bought a set of tires with a hazard warranty and the tires began to split.  The tires were manufactured by Firestone.  I researched Firestone tires and they have had major lawsuits and Ford actually dropped them as a supplier just last year.  Firestone had been with Ford for 94 years.  Fletcher would not cover my tires which I purchased less than 2 1/2 years ago because of the splitting of the tire.  I will NEVER buy another tire from Fletcher and neither should you.
1	We bought tires less than 2 1/2 years ago from this Fletcher.  They were Firestone tires which have splitting issues.    They are  now splitting and are not standing by their warranty.  Interesting that Fletcher no longer sells Firestone tires?  That's because they sold us a bad product.  DO NOT buy tires here.  They do not stand by their product.   Go to Big O or Discount Tire.  I know they warrant their tires.
1	If I could give ZERO stars I would. I just moved to this area from Ahwatukee and this is my second time coming to this location and THEY ARE THE WORSE. The last time I came for an oil change they told me it was a three hour wait. Today he told me I had 10 people in front of me. I spoke to this Derrick guy and he's rude and unprofessional and lazy. He gave me every reason in the world for why I should come back, why I should leave my car or why it's not good to come on Saturday. I kept saying to him "I need an oil change" like regardless of what ur saying I still need an oil change. When I was in Ahwatukee I purchased this "Family Plan" that gives you so many free oil changes and discounts etc.  That was great when I lived in Ahwatukee because the Fletcher's out there was AWESOME. However here. I hate it. If I it wasn't for the "Family Plan" I wouldn't ever come here for service. Ever. As soon as this runs out I will never return. Horrible horrible place and horrible staff.
1	I m so frustrated. Should've checked reviews. Been here since 10a (it's now 4) for a rear brake job- rotors and new brakes-- and an oil change. If this isn't 100% perfect when I leave here and everything doesn't feel right, I'm calling corporate. Horrible rude customer service- they take advantage of women. Never coming back.
4	I have only had positive experiences here. I'm grateful for the Groupons.. I could afford to get both front & rear brakes done and they'll always fit me in anytime to check my tire pressure, or fluid levels. And they've always been very nice. Just one thing- I think they need a really good, solid front desk coordinator who is at the front desk all of the time.
1	**Beware** RIP OFF!! do not attemp!!  I went here years back multiple times until they tried to completely rip me off and up charge me over $1100 for stuff that wasn't even wrong or broken on my truck.. I decided to go back because of this new Groupon.. BIG MISTAKE!... after the Groupon they quoted me over $150 bucks than the price that Brakes Plus quoted me, and that was without any kind of Groupon or discount!!
1	My boyfriend and I took in our 06' Dodge Durango to see if we could get the brakes fixed that day. They were grinding and were not feeling safe at all. When we walked in the guy at the front desk was very impatient with us and talked down to us as though we were children. That by it self was enough to make me want to bolt, I don't take well to being spoken to that way. But the worst part was, even after checking he had the parts in stock, he told us he couldn't do it because he was closing in half an hour. Now mind you the sign says they close at 530PM, and it was only 430PM. Doing the front brakes with all the parts available only takes about 45 min. He told me and my boyfriend it would take at least 3 hours and that we HAD to call a head and schedule but he didn't have anything up for about a week or two. So we said no thank you and went to leave. But the good news after calling around and some driving we were able to go to Brakes Plus on Tatum and Bell, they were amazing! I called to set up an appointment for the next day with them, but they told us to come on in anyway and they could do it right then and there, even though they closed in less than an hour. They stayed an extra 10 min in the end, just for us. It was a huge relief considering once the tires were removed the showed us just how bad it had been. We were driving with no brakes.  No one at Fletcher even looked at our truck. I can't imagine what would have happened if we had waited to schedule a week or two out like he wanted.Bad form Fletcher, bad form.
5	My dads mechanic normally works on my vehicle but since I have moved I have not found a decent shop to bring my vehicle until fletchers. I brought it in for a simple oil change and of course the 2 salesman showed me several other things that my car was having issues with. I didn't have a whole lot of money to thrown down so he broke down what could waited to be fixed and what needed to be fixed immediately for my safety. He also took the time to explain what synthetic oil was and how it would benefit me in the long run. The salesman Brent really took his time with me and even gave me a small discount on the more expensive oil!!!! I really appreciated the honesty with Fletchers and the ability to help me out so my car could get what it needed! The wait time was also not to bad, I walked to the bakery and had a snack and hung out for a bit and it was done in a decent time.
1	Can I give a 0 star? The customer service is horrible, slow and they were not being respectful at all, waste of time.  I'd rather pay more and go somewhere else.  Worst service ever.
