5	I've been going to this Jiffy Lube location since I moved here almost 6 years ago.  I drive from my current home in Downtown Phoenix to go there!I have a rare car.  Nobody ever has the right tool to take the oil filter out, except for this location.  I've tried other Jiffy Lubes and they've had to order the tool.Yesterday, I went for my quarterly oil change.  They didn't have the proper filter.  They gave me the choice of either going back in a few hours or staying put.  None of the auto parts stores had it.  Only the VW dealership in North Scottsdale.  I stayed put, and one of the service techs drove to the dealership, picked up the part AND called me when he was on his way back.  Hey, I was out of the office for this and another half hour from work on a Friday wasn't gonna kill me!They threw in free wiper blades to make up for my wait.  Changed all my filters - air, A/C AND, of course, the oil.ULTRA-friendly staff, service was excellent.  They normally vacuum my car, but I told them to skip it since I had to detail my car the next day anyway.  "Are you sure, Amy?"They knew my name, used it often during my visit, and didn't treat me like a bimbo for being a woman in an auto car place.
5	Was a little reluctant to try Jiffy Lube as opposed to my auto dealer for a basic oil change. I was afraid of the upselling etc. Since I was  overdue on this and hadn't made an appointment anywhere else I decided the (possible) expense of a burned out engine outweighed the annoyance of a "shark" telling me there were multiple things wrong with my car. It turns out they were straightforward, friendly, efficient and I just needed an oil change. I was in and out and on the road.
5	Great Lube! Awesome manager, he pointed out something that was wrong with my car!! Very thorough and considerate.
5	Always fast and professional at this location. A little pricey but you get what you pay for. They don't do anything that isn't necessary and I appreciate that. I have been going here for 2 yrs now and never disappointed.
5	Very quick and great service! They vacuumed my car, cleaned my windows and checked the fluids in my car which i greatly appreciate cause I don't know anything about cars! I'm definitely getting an oil change here from now on.
1	While conveniently a mile from my home and the guy handling the check in and out process is pleasant - my car has taken twice the time of a dealership as one of the mechanics has spent the majority of his time arguing and cussing at a woman on the phone (girlfriend or wife).  As a result, my car sits while his personal life is more important than the customer.
1	Had oil changed here yesterday. After trying to be up sold on everything I got my truck home and I have oil drips on my garage floor from leaks. Also have oil smudges all over my door and hood from the mechanics. I will not go here again!
5	We have been Jiffy Lube customers for 15 years.  They are quick, convenient and they do a great job.  Why mess with a good thing, right?  Recently, we had some difficulty with our Suburban.  We thought it was just electrical problems relating to our 4x4 switch.  When we took it to our mechanic they said there could be a possibility that our transfer casing was tampered with.  There are only two shops that touch our cars: Jiffy Lube and Gruelichs.  We called Jiffy Lube and spoke to the manager on duty, Gus.  He was very open to listen and actually came over to the mechanics to inspect the vehicle.  Gus notified his supervisor and sent us to the Jiffy Lube Customer Service representative, as per their policy.  We thought we were going to get the run around.  Mind you, it was during 4th of July holiday, so it did take some time.  We eventually were contacted by the rep who was going to send out the District Service Manager to OUR mechanic to inspect the problem with us!  They did not try to attempt to deny responsibility.  They, in our eyes, were taking as many steps as they could towards accountability.  Just to be sure that there was no bias, Gruelichs asked a third party to open the transfer casing and inspect it.  If it was tampered with we would know immediately.  This morning, we all stood around at State to State transmissions as they opened the casing.  What we found was that JIFFY LUBE WAS NOT RESPONSIBLE!  It showed normal wear and tear.  As hard as it was for us to swallow that we would have to pay for what is a common repair to older GM 4x4 vehicles, we were glad that the establishment that we had trusted for 15 years with our three vehicles was still reputable in our eyes.  They did everything right.  From the local manager, Gus, to Judy the Customer Service rep, to Darren the District Service Manager, they all listened to the customer.  They came to us, even with the possibility they may have to pay the bill.  They were kind and considerate.  I have to say thank you to Jiffy Lube for not dismissing us.  Thank you for years of good service to our vehicles and our family.  Thank you for putting the customer first.  Good job guys!
1	3 oil changes here, every time is constant upsales. worse, they over-tighten the oil cap every time, causing the cap to break on the next change so they can charge for a replacement.
