2	I just randomly found an optometrist when I moved here and this was the first place i found. I thought it looked really nice and had a great ambiance. The eye exam itself went fine.What I didnt like was that it seemed overpriced, over 130 dollars for the exam even with insurance. That part didnt bother me that much but they said for an extra 30 or so dollars they would take a special image of my eye and determine my eye health. I agreed and they took the image. When the Dr. came he basically just said, your eye is fine. He wouldn't have even mentioned it if I didn't ask about the image. It seemed like he didn't care at all and it just really turned me off
5	Optical Gallery of Arizona has an excellent staff and state-of-the-art equipment for eye exams.  If anything, they were overstaffed on a Saturday and they managed to book an appointment for me when every other optometrist was full.  The optometrist and staff were very professional and friendly and the interior is very nice.  Unlike the first review by Phillip L., my eye exam was only $10 with my insurance.  They did offer an additional piece of technology to examine my eyes, but you can just pass if your eyes are generally healthy.The selection of frames included high-quality frames that seemed to be carefully chosen for customers looking for a refined product.  All this said, I highly recommend this business!
5	I recently visited Optical Gallery for new contact lenses and glasses.  I have a tricky stigmatism that has always been difficult to work with for other optometrists, but the Dr. was able to get the right glasses and contact lenses that work for me. I purchased two new sets of frames after three years with my old glasses, but I had trouble adjusting to the new prescription, and I ended up needing an adjustment to my prescription and new lenses. They had both frames fixed quickly with no questions asked.  I always know when a company has great service when they are willing to help solve my problems without giving me grief.  Also, the sales rep that helped me picked out some great frames that I get compliments on all the time!
5	I brought a prescription in from another doctor. They have a wide selection of designer frames (and cheaper frames that would be mostly covered by my insurance). But I ended up with some Oliver Peoples frames. The entire staff was very friendly and patient. They took their time and went through all the different type of lens options that I could add on my glasses. I'm happy with my glasses and I recommend this place!
1	I was happy when I saw an eyeglass center close to home and happier when I saw the large selection they had, but that has been overshadowed by my experiences with this place.  I had an eye exam and purchased eyeglasses.  After wearing my new glasses for over a week and "trying to adjust" the bottom line was I couldn't see with my new glasses.  When I took them back and explained my issue (wearing my old glasses so I could see) I was scolded by one of their staff for wearing my old glasses. This was done loudly and in front of customers and staff alike. She then looked at my new glasses and the rx on the form and said they were right.  I had to repeatedly explain that how could they be right if I could not see with them!  After being kept waiting around for some resolution (and watching the doctor walking back and forth and totaling ignoring me or my situation) I asked for a refund.  I was told I couldn't get one because the glasses were custom made for me.  I pointed out that if that is the case why can't I see out of them.  Finally, I got another eye exam and new rx being put in the glasses.  I haven't picked them up yet, so wish me luck!  Bottom line, very poor customer service!  Don't go there!
5	I have been going to Optical gallery since I was a child. Doc has always taken the best of care of me! For awhile I had to switch eye doctors (due to insurance issues only ) to another one off Greenway and 59th ave or so and hated going there everytime. While I attended that location I had to deal with infections and a miserable front desk lady. Thankfully I was able to go back to Optical Gallery and go back to seeing Doc again. He always make sure my eyes are fully taken care of and the girls at the front are sweet and are fun outgoing ladies. I live in Litchfield Park Az and I still make the drive to 35th and Happy valley to attend this facility. I'm sad to see the bad reviews I recommend Optical Gallery to everyone.
5	Hands down the best optical shop I've ever been to.  They have an incredible selection of high-end boutique frames that are leading and ahead of the current fashion trends.  It is not your typical shop with the same old designer brands that are licensed and made in China that break in a week.  The Dr. Lampert is a veteran and great patient manner.  His optician (I think it's David) has been at it for decades as well.  I've always had problems getting my lenses made properly as I my eyes are a bit of a challenge.  I've been to Costco, Lenscrafters, and other shops that seem to take 2-3 tries to get my prescription and fitting properly.  Optical Gallery has this camera that takes a picture of your eye measurements while you are wearing the frames you pick out.  Then the Optician measures the old-school way just to be sure.  I started going to OGAZ when they opened at their old location and now that I live out of state, I still make it a point to have my eyes checked annually by Dr. Lampert and shop for new frames when I travel to the Phoenix area.  If you looking for great for the price of good, this is the place.  If you are looking for crappy for price of cheap cheap, then stick to Walmart or Costco Optical.  The reviews I read below that were poor were definitely from the Walmart/Lenscrafters customer.  And there's nothing wrong with that.  My eyes are important to me and as a professional male, glasses are one of the few ways to make an impression in the corporate world.  Like jewelry for your face!
3	My wife and I walked in to get new glasses for me.  We ended up spending almost $750 for two sets (me & her). We were ther for awhile but  I had a nice pair of glasses and I was happy. ok 8 mos. go by and one of the little rubber 'templets' breaks. I bring it in and they say' no problem we will replace it FREE you just need to cover shipping ($10). I thought that was excessive and it seemed nonsensical to say it's free. I pushed back and the mgr said; yes that's our policy. I said for 1 rubber templet ? they could drop it in an envelope and put a $0.50 stamp on it. She Said 'They charge us so we charge you'. I reluctantly paid it. They said it may take 2 weeks to get it. Long story short, I called the frames co. in NY. Told him my style of frames and explained the problem. He said  whats your address? I just received them in the mail. Four rubber templets and guess what?.....  wait for it .....  They came 5 days later in an envelope with a $0.50 stamp on it and the company didn't charge me a dime. PS-- we have three kids and the oldest (11) already has glasses and the other two are right behind her. and of course a friend in Stetson Hills asked me where I got my glasses. I love telling the story. Moral to the story;  the customer is NOT ALWAYS RIGHT. But, The life time value of a customer is worth more than $10. It's way cheaper to keep a customer for life, than it is to acquire a new customer.  When I called back and happened to get the owner on the phone -- I told him I wanted to cancel my order for the templets? he was nice and said - come on in and get your $10 credit.  I don't think he had any idea of what happened and I'm sure if he was there when I walked in -- it would've went differently.
