4	The Tourmalet is one of my favourite pubs in Edinburgh. With a quaint European atmosphere, this pub has a cycling theme.  There are two rooms: one larger room with a long bar, big orange curtains, a fish tank full of tropical fish, numerous coffee table style books with subjects from international city scapes, how to build your own bike and travel guides, a mini pool table and an interesting collection of corks lining the ledges along the walls; and a smaller room near the toilets featuring a ceiling plastered with maps.  It is one of the more visually interesting pubs and in my opinion a hidden gem just off Leith Walk. The owners/bartenders are friendly and I always feel like I'm in a laid-back atmosphere at a friend's rather than in a pub.  I also like that some patrons bring their dogs in for a visit as well.The bar itself serves a range of German beers that are imported, plus all the usual ciders (namely Bulmer's), liquor and draught beers. One of the many things I enjoy about this pub is that they have seasonal beers, i.e. they had German Oktoberfest beers in September-November and German Christmas beers over the festive period.  Prices are quite reasonable and definitely on par with anything trendy you'll find in the city.If you are looking to try a pub with a cozy atmosphere that is a little off the beaten path I highly recommend Tourmalet on the corner of Buchanan and Iona Streets!
4	This is a great little pub !!! Cosy and a little crazy : ) The Pub has a cycling theme & everytime i go into it i notice something different, fromthe  wine corks on the window ledges to a map of Paris on the ceiling in the little area at the back.Nothing pompous about this pub, but always friendly and inviting equipped with a little book shelf with some interesting reads. A little gem in Leith!
4	I have tried writing a review of this place several times each time I end up rewriting or deleting what I had written previously, but I think that kind of sums up this quirky little bar. Hard to define. I love its quirky charms, such as aquariums and slightly ramshakle decor.  It almost reminds me of someones home at times.... other than the great big bar in the middle of course. On to the other stuff.... The staff are really friendly and they had a good range of booze. I really rate this place for a night out or fixture on a pub crawl.
4	Love this quirky bicycle themed pub!  So much so, I've added to it to my personal list of fave locals!  I was always curious about this brightly painted pub which opened in back in 2009, I just don't know it took me so long to venture into it?!  It's a niche bar, specialising in German weissbier and boy, do they know their stuff!  The bar staff are always super friendly and happy to recommend their latest German beer to suit your taste.  The beers change often so you'll always find something new.As well as loving bikes and German beer... they love dogs too!  I've never been in here and not seen a furry four legged friend.  There's lots of unique memorabilia on the walls to keep you distracted and a fish tank too.  The pub has a friendly loyal but diverse group of followers and Tourmalet have made it a welcoming cosy space for everyone.  Thankfully you can leave the cycling shorts at home in order to be a part of it!
4	This was a fine bar for a small Birthday gathering! Not a large bar, but lively, with friendly staff, and a large selection of German beers by the bottle. Perhaps not the most thrilling of locations, but there was little to fault with what was on offer.Our party turned out to be much larger than planned; we initially had the cosy back room booked but were able to move to 1 large and 2 smaller tables in the bar when it got too crowded - in part thanks to the quieter Sunday night. They had a good choice of beers (provided you agree that the Germans make great beer) and enough whisky to make the Birthday drink that much harder to decide upon.My favourite thing about the place was spotting all the little details in the seemingly-random decor. In the back room there was an atlas pasted on the ceiling, with an upturned aeroplane flying "above" it - suspended from the roof. There were fake mushrooms growing out of light fixtures, model planes enacting a WW2 dogfight, and a model train above one of the entrances. Good fun!
4	What a great pub! Little, but full of selection. We were here for a birthday gathering and, at one point, we ended up filling about 80% of the place! The bartender was really friendly and the few regulars keeping their seats warm seemed welcoming. Definitely a place I'd visit again!
