4	Besides the fact that they gave me the wrong sandwich, I'm still a fan.  I ordered the parma cotta sandwich which is ham (sorta like prosciutto from what they told me) with chili relish, but what I got was a tomato, mozzarella, basil sandwich.  So I know I paid more for what I actually ordered than for the sandwich that I got, but let me tell you something - it was freakin tasty!I think it was the bread - it was AMAZING.  It was crispy and flaky on the outside and soft on the inside - it just made everything in the sandwich that much better.  I'm a huge fan of basil - heck you could put some basil on some dirty socks and I'd probably try to eat it!  All in all it just worked.I got a side of the chips - which I highly recommend b/c they looked freshly made.  They were crispy and salty - just the way I like them.  I wouldn't say they are overly salty - occasionally I got a salt covered chip, but I'd brush off the extra salt on to their less salted friends and let's just say we all got along fine.The place is to go and serves breakfast and lunch according to their sign.  It's small inside so I'm thinking you'll have a line out the door during the lunch rush.  Go at an "off" time and enjoy one of the better sandwiches in the area!
5	I never thought I'd give a 5 star review to a take out place, but boy is it worth it!First awesomeness = priceAt Starbucks, I'd probably drop $10 easy on a yogurt parfait and latte, but a parfait and cappuccino were about $6.Second awesomeness = real espressoNot only is the size perfect (6-8 oz cup is what a real Italian cappuccino is usually sized), but the espresso tasted wonderful and the milk so creamy. I rarely can find a good cappuccino that reminds me of the cafe next to the Colosseum in Rome. Third awesomeness = real fruitYou know how at Starbucks the yogurt parfait is like dessert and probably not super healthy due to all the syrup on the berries? Well not at Marriniero because the raspberries and blackberries are fresh as can be and taste oh-so-delightful with the yogurt and chopped up granola.Fourth awesomeness = ambienceAmbience? At a take out place? I know its hard to believe, but yes! For some reason, it just feels right. Mattiniero is clean with high ceilings, simple yet pleasing decor, and helpful staff. Walking in here started my day off perfectly.Fifth awesomeness = locationRight next to my bus stop and market square.God I love this place...
3	I went here for lunch this week an had a BLT, mushroom soup, and a fancy designer root beer. I went at 1:oo and I was the only one there. The BLT was good.  Tomatoes were ripe and yummy. The soup was also good with a strong earthy flavorService was fast and friendly and knowledgeable about the foodI thought it was over pricedWhile it was nothing to write home about, it was good enough to give it another try later
1	I've been wanting to try Mattiniero big time since it's opening a few months ago, and today I got my chance.... So Mattiniero looks very cool; it's sleek design is appealing,  plus lots of natural light makes you feel cozy. The sandwiches, wraps, and light fare on display look delicious- and I mean DELICIOUS. But oh, what an illusion.After partying whole hartily for the 4th of July yesterday, I needed some serious grub. The chicken Parmesan sandwich was the daily special and it looked perfect. It came with soup as an option, and the asparagus/ leek sounded perfec as well. I also ordered a side of the fresh potato chips,  seemingly fresh from the fryer.... and a bottle of pomegranate soda.Long story short, everything was incredibly disappointing. The sandwich was surprisingly small, cold, served on a tasteless doughy bun, and very much tasteless itself except for a strange, unpleasant, yet unidentifiable taste. All the way creepy. The soup was so salty that I coughed on the first spoonful I tried. It was foul. The potato chips were a little under cooked, and really just tasted like old cooking grease. I had such high hopes for Mattiniero too. The damage came to nearly $13.The bottle of pomegranate soda was excellent however.
3	Food was very good, don't get me wrong. Just felt that the selection was a little limited. Pretty much if you weren't getting soup or a salad, then there was somewhere else in market square you probably would prefer more. Not a bad place, just having trouble competing I guess. Although, can't say I blame them for just sticking to their strengths, rather than putting a bunch of stuff on the menu they can't do as well.
