5	I recently used Dan Beach to finance a new FHA purchase and during these tough times he was able to get me financed when many others could not. In fact, I am self employed and most could not even understand my tax returns and Dan was the only one that got back to me within 48 hours after he said he would. After using Dan I referred him to a close friend of mine that is a business owner as well and he was able to get him financed as well with the very best rates that were offered at the time. Thank you so much Dan for your great work.
1	Buyer beware.  My recent experience with VIP is one of poor customer service.  The SR Lender never bothered to call me back or follow up with an email.  I left a message with a supervisor.  She also never took the time to respond to my complaint.  There are many other mortgage companies to pick from so stay clear of VIP.
5	I've used a couple of the loan officers at VIP for a long time and they have always gone the distance for my clients. As a local real estate agent that is very important to me when I can put my trust into another person or company to take care of my clients. Not only does that make them look good but myself as well. I've had some pretty solid clients fortunately so thats a good thing, but in this day and age you do get a client that has some foreclosures or aren't very knowledgeable when it comes to buying a home and thats where it is important that not only am I educating them but the Lender educates them as well. I definitely would recommend this lender to anyone.
5	I know Kellie James here and she is a very good mortgage officer with great results. I've had nothing but good experiences with her. They are locally here to help and will hold your hand the whole way.
5	Do not use a big bank to finance your home, instead call Kellie James and she will show you what honesty and excellent customer service is. Going through the loan process is very scary. Kellie puts things in easy to understand terms and gives true answers not false hope. I highly recommend Kellie when you are ready to finance your dream home.
5	My husband and I used Kellie James to get the mortgage on our first house and she was wonderful! Being first time home owners she took the time to educate us and answer all of our questions thoroughly. She definitely knows her stuff. We would highly recommended Kellie and VIP Mortgage to anyone looking to purchase a house or refinance.
5	Frank Presciado at VIP Mortgage is great and I would highly recommend him to anyone interested in purchasing/refinancing a home!
4	Our broker Brett Pastrrick was always talking and would not allow us to get one word in. My husband was so frustrated with every phone call that he handed to me and I had to ask him to shut up so I could ask questions. After all that he forgot to end our call and over heard him mocking me and calling me a "Hot headed Italian!" WOW! Every time we called he was screening his calls and was out to lunch. We were told that we were going to close on a Friday. We came out of town and had to find another hotel to stay at because everything was booked. We ended up closing 6 days later. Yes 6 days. Never did he offer to compensate or help us out. My husband and I were so upset with Brett's lack of effort to do his job or keep his word. I was going to give him the benefit of the doubt if he was going to somehow make us feel very important but he did not! After a month we heard from the owner of VIP Mortgage Inc. and he apologize for the  behavior of this one employee.  Keith was reassuring me that this behavior will be corrected. I believe that one should have the opportunity to correct ones personality. We should not give up on another human. Keith is planning to come out personally to introduce himself the next time I am in town. How any business have owners do that?  In the end I am not upset with the company but disappointed in the employee. I am so happy that someone reached out to us and allowed us to explain. I want to thank Keith for taking time out of his busy day to contact me and make it better. GOD bless.
5	Bill Morin is one of the BEST mortgage professionals in the industry.  Bill has worked with many of my buyers and took amazing care of all their needs. Bill's due diligence is superb and I am still amazed at how quickly he can turn around a loan -- oftentimes early but always on time.  As a Realtor, having the right people support you is a huge key to being successful and earning those referrals!
