3	Friendly staff and easy to get in and out in a hurry.
5	Great place to pick up a big gulp.
4	I go there for their coffee once in a while.It's good and pretty cheap as well. The ladies working there are very nice and always smiling.It's a much better and cleaner 7 11 than any other one I've been around the country.They have a red box out front so it's easy to get a movie and be on the way too.
1	Well, I absolutely loved this 7 Eleven location until last night.Up until last night I had been coming to this store for the good, cheap food and drinks. Their hotdogs were delicious and I loved that you could add as much chili and cheese as you want for no extra charge. I also used to love the $1 iced coffee, though I was highly disappointed when they switched it to $1 iced coffee only on Wednesdays. Hind sight is 20/20 and now I see that it was a good thing they quit offering the cost-effective coffee because I do not want to visit this store EVER again now. I'll tell you why.You know how they have fresh donuts shipped in everyday? And all those sandwiches and yummy things they get in fresh, right? Well, my husband and I were in line last night around midnight and walked out because we saw the newest shipment of food stuffs. They stack the trays to about 4 feet tall, still wrapped in saran wrap, okay. I used to work for a company with similar pastry goodies, and that was how we received our goods, too. No problem. All wrapped up and sanitary is good as long as it stays that way.Well, last night apparently someone didn't want to wait for donuts to be unpacked, so someone (not sure if it was customer or manager, but regardless it was done wrong) took off one of the trays, set it ON THE FLOOR and unwrapped the saran. The donuts inside were jumbled around, too, like someone had rifled through them. Uhm, ew. So people were walking all around this tray, sitting on the floor, with no cover on. So unsanitary. If I had had a camera with me, I would have taken a picture and reported it to the health department, but unfortunately for me (and lucky for them!) I don't own a camera or a cell phone. The manager was there working, and did nothing about this violation. My husband even caught his eye and tried to get his attention to deal with the donuts, no such luck, completely ignored. It was then that we walked out.I cannot report them, so we will just stop shopping there. As my dear husband pointed out to me, if they are that careless with the donuts, imagine how they are with the chili, cheese, onions, etc. they offer to add to our hotdogs... And they were just robbed a week ago, so it's probably better I don't go there anyway! I will stick to the Rebel across the street. They don't have iced coffee, but I can figure out something else to drink every morning now...And just so I am giving a fair and well-rounded review, I'll touch on the other aspects of the store. Customer service is so-so. There is one really nice guy with a faux-hawk that works and will bother to actually look you in the eye.  All the rest of the employees don't bother to smile, look you in the eye, or care about anything you do, including the managers who are actually frequently on duty. I often find change in their parking lot, so I'm guessing they don't send someone out to sweep much. Never bought gas there, so not sure about that part of the business. And, of course, prices on their food is typically better than the surrounding competition, but now we can see why that is.7 Eleven on Las Vegas customers: beware the food! Cheaper is not always better.
1	Don't know what store the last review walked into. But sure wasn't this store. Very dirty and employees are rude. One of them I assume the manager (tall , older guy,dark hair) refused to let me get a fresh hot dog instead gave me a burnt one in front. Told me he has to sell the ones that have been here longer first. I walked out soon after. Will never be back.
3	It's a 7 Eleven a few miles south of the strip. Expect all the standard offerings, beer, soda, Slurpees, coffee, etc. This place is on my way into work and stop for coffee a few times a month. Find the staff friendly and the place clean.
