5	I went to Kristi over at Joseph Scott... her  new space is adorable and in a great location....I have always left her studio, and gotten compliments within days of my haircuts.  last time I got one a month after!  Shes the nicest person and also, amazing with color.  GO SEE KRISTI!
5	I met Kristi at  the Joseph Scott Salon. I went in for a cut and I loved it. I have med-long hair with layers and most hair dressers end up cutting off way more than I wanted but Kristi did not! I was so happy to have found her after she moved to this salon I followed her. I trusted her so much I even started getting highlights. If you are looking for a stylist who listens to what you want and is talented look no more!
5	Kristi is the most amazing hair stylist EVER! I mean it.  I come from Southern California, right in the heart of Hollywood where hair care is almost as important as your job! I was very sad to leave my stylist there since it took my 6 years to find that one girl who would do exactly what I WANTED! Not, "oh that wouldn't look good on you" or " I think you should do this" or "well...I can TRY to get close"!! NO NO NO! Im a perfectionist and moving to AZ I was terrified to enter another 6 year process of finding the right one again.Lucky for me I did my homework and found Kristi's previous location.  I remember speaking with someone and giving them my specific instructions and they directed me to Kristi. WOW! I was so impressed at her skills! She actually made my hair better and brighter then my pervious girl!  I am a lifer to Kristi!And her new shop...FABULOUS! So cozy and quaint!I refer her to everyone!!!!!!! People love my hair and I immediately give them her card!
5	Kristi does an extraordinary job with my hair. Its super fine and thin and very hard to work with. I go to her for a cut, color, and highlights and always come out looking and feeling fantastic. Not an easy task since I am very picky and slightly OCD. Love Kristi and highly recommend her to everyone or anyone looking for a great stylist.
5	I've been Kristi's client for more than two years and she consistently gives me incredible colors and styles. When I first started seeing her, my hair was fried and the color was lackluster. But I can absolutely count on beautiful color and shine, strength and smoothness. I love having confidence in my hair, no matter what. Love you Kristi.
5	Kristi is awesome!!My friend referred another one of my friends to her, that friend in turn referred me to her. She colored my har and styled it. I loved both and the bonus is that she is very affordable. She also took the time to teach me some cool ways to but my hair up with me new style.
5	I had a haircut a few weeks back, got another compliment on my hair today...  GREAT HAIRCUT!
5	I sought out a stylist who would be restrained and considerate to my requests. I read the online reviews about Kristi, and she seemed to be a good fit. I visited French Method Salon, and she impressed! She listened to my requests, and thoroughly walked me through her steps.  Kristi also gave me some great recommendations on how to treat my hair (shampoos, oils, etc) as well as styling tips. Most importantly, she fixed the mess that was my hair! My hair was a botched job, with inconsistent layers, split ends and even a mullet tail. She not only fixed the nightmare, but left me with a stylish cut without taking too much off the length (as requested). I am thoroughly pleased with the cut and will be returning regularly. Kristi is also very pleasant to chat with. The space is really beautiful too!
5	I found Kristi through Groupon and was motivated by all of the wonderful reviews she has! I called her with the attempt of getting in as soon as possible, she told me to head in within 15 minutes. This was during the weekend before Christmas people-- a very busy time for hair stylists! Every other place I called before her was booked for at least a week! I wanted a cut and full color treatment, Kristi sat with me and showed me many different color choices based on what I was asking for and what would look good with my skin tone and facial features. Kristi spent 2.5 hours on my hair, she was very diligent with her work and she is such a down to earth woman! I will definitely be returning to her with all of my hair needs in the future- I can't wait to go back in and get my color retouched. Her prices are extremely fair considering the treatment and attention she gives your hair!
5	Kristi has been doing my hair for years & does an amazing job. She always listens to what I want. I have very fine thin hair and I am very picky but Kristi always manages to make me happy! She is phenomenal with color and I highly recommend her.
5	Kristi did an amazing job with my color (highlights) and cut recently! It was easy to make an appointment via phone. When I arrived, she took the time to listen to what I was trying to achieve and explained everything she was doing throughout our appointment. I've had not very good results in the past at other salons with trying to highlight my dark hair (I've ended up with brassy tones or something the shade of chicken fat at other salons). Kristi made me feel like a valued new client (not always the case when using Groupons, as I was for this initial visit), and spent a lot of time with me (there's no feeling of being rushed), I'll definitely being seeing her for future hair care, as well as recommend her to others!
