4	Based solely on the Groupon deal, this is a great investment.  For $25 you get a professional session and one 8x10 and 8 wallet size pictures.  The studio is really nice and definitely you understand why the packages are so expensive.  We ended up upgrading a little bit, not to the extend they would have liked us to, but oh well.  I gave them a couple of suggestions based on my experience from previous sessions we have had that were much more successful.  Overall we were happy with what we got.
5	I was so impressed with Cilento Photography!  We also purchased a Groupon deal and ended up liking them so much we purchased a babies first year package.  Not only are they professional, courteous, and talented but the presentation when we picked up the photos was amazing.  We can't wait to go back for our 2nd session!
4	Kiddo came in for his Senior pictures session.  We made an appointment and he went into one of the studio rooms in the back and 15 min later came out.  A few minutes after that they reviewed the various pictures & poses, which came out awesome.  They did a great job!They had the classic gown photo for the yearbook, but they also took a few pics of poses in street clothes. I wasn't going to buy any extra pics, but ended up doing so because they were awesome.  I'd recommend this studio to friends and family.Return Factor - 85%
1	We had to take my daughter here for her senior portraits. We live on the west side and this studio is in south Scottsdale. We were told that we had to make our appointment for one particular day because they were booked. We all rearranged our schedules to get clear across town so my daughter could have her yearbook photo taken. The photographer took 3 photos of her that were just "alright", I wasn't jumping out of my seat over any of them. When I asked to take a few more retakes, they told me that we would either have to wait an hour or come back another day. Since this was difficult to coordinate, we opted to just settle on the one photo for her yearbook.At the end of the school year, we got a post card offering all of her images as an "end of the year" deal. The deal was for $500!!! I thought, this couldn't be right for 3 yearbook photos??  When I called to see if there was a deal for just the 3 photos, since she didn't take any other photos, they told me it was still $500!!!! FOR 3 DIGITAL PHOTOS!We wanted to use one of the photos for her graduation cake and so I asked if I could just purchase ONE of the digital copies to put on the cake...NOPE! I had to buy all 3 yearbook shots for FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS OR NOTHING.I can't imagine anyone would pay $500 for 3 yearbook photos.
2	I'll start with some positives:  The staff is friendly and the studio is well kept and very nice.  They were great with my baby and went out of their way to get us some great shots.  My issues weren't with the staff so much as the company.  I signed up for the "Milestone Membership" to capture my baby's milestone (3 mo, 6, mo, etc).  The package seemed like a good deal, for $90 you get a 30 min session for each milestone, a slideshow of the pics, and a free portrait from each session. While my 3 mo portrait experience was pleasant, I can't say the same for my next visit:1.) They no longer offer packages.  Prints are now "ala carte" which means you pay per print.  Before i had purchased  a package containing wallets, sharables, 8x10's etc (approx 15-20 prints) for $150.  With the current pricing system I was able to purchase 5 prints for $160.  Not a great value, and this was the cost WITH my Milestone Membership discount. You can get a package but only if you buy a product like a canvased print.  However, the cost of the products were high enough that it didn't create any kind of economical package like I had before, forcing me to purchase ala carte.  I doubt I would have purchased a milestone package if I had known the pricing was going to change.2.) You cant view your pics online.  You HAVE to come in and to view and order pics.  Not very convienient.  I also find it bizare that Im offered 30 min to take the pictures, but an hour or more to view and purchase pictures.  3.) They offer you "shareables" with your purchase. So you think "Oh well I can't order as many pics as I need to send to grandparents, etc, so digital copies would be great".  Sorry, but no.  These are low res images with the Cilento Photography banner in the most obnoxious place on the picture.  I'd gladly post to some social media site to share and provide some free advertising if the banner placement didn't completely ruin the image.  4.) Its currenlty taking over a month to get all 5 of my pictures taken from my latest photo session.  Ive called for status but they had none to give.  I was only told they haven't arrived yet.  This may be an issue with the vendor who prints the portraits, but either way it seems to be a considerable lag time.   The portraits from my initial session took 2 weeks to arrive which I thought was reasonable.
