5	This guys are the bomb dot com..... I took my car here to get inspected and i need somethings on my car to be fixed before it passed. They called the nears car part store and told them that i was on my way for small things. Once i returned from the parts place they quickly fixed my problems and i was done. I call these guys service with a smile and i will always return to them with no problems. The service was quick and the guys went the extra mile and they didn't have to . THANKS GUYS SO MUCH I REALLY APPRECIATE IT
4	I officially like this Jiffy Lube because when I went in, two of the three folks ACTUALLY WORKING ON THE CARS were chicks.  Tough mechanic chicks.  Sure, they aren't on the executive board but gender equality FTW!
4	I just recently got my oil changed here.  The mechanics were very social and friendly, as well as all of the other staff.The Oil Change was reasonably quick and my car seems to be doing well.  I would definitely bring my car back here.
5	Went here to get Radiator Flush & Oil Change.  Service was excellent.  Been going to other Jiffy Lube in the past, but now I'll come here.  Manager was very courteous to me and other customers, very friendly.Staff was knowledgeable and gave me a run-down of EVERYTHING my car needed (and didn't need).  Very trustworthy and I'll definately come back!Thanks!
5	From the moment you pull up someone is there to greet you. Very nice and professional, almost too nice ha. Explained the service very clearly and gave me an accurate wait time. Got an inspection and was in and out in about 15 minutes. Can't complain, there guys are good!
5	Wow.. Great service on a nice clean place.It took me no more than 15 min to get everything done, had some coffee and watched TV in the meantime. DO NOT confuse with another Jiffy a few blocks away on south blvd too.. That one is a completely different ball game.
5	This place gets five stars because I have never had a bad experience at any jiffy lube I have been to. This was the first time at this location and they were very pleasant. I was immediately greeted in my car and told how long the wait would be. They also asked if I was there for the veteran service (I have veteran and VFW stickers on my car). They were so nice and anticipated the extra business, even stayed open an extra hour for it. And all this to give away a free service. I can't tell you house bad I needed it to. I wasn't ever pressured to upgrade on anything. I was simply guided to the waiting area where more was created just for today. Even ran into a friend there. They also vacuumed my car! And they said "it is our pleasure to do this for our veterans and we hope we offer this next year as well" that was from one of the workers. I felt special today thanks to them. Not wanting anything I return? Nope just a thank you to veterans. Now jiffy lube has my business :)
