4	Wow, another new BUFFET!!     :-))Mandarin Super Buffet threw the doors open this morning for the first time, & I ran inside!  I was joined by Robyn N., & we were introduced to a big, beautiful place here, in the former home of Great China Super Buffet nee Hometown Buffet.  For this iteration it has been completely remodeled!  Let's call the food selection about 130 items, although I couldn't do an accurate count, because they start out with breakfast items out, & then gradually add & replace to bring in lunch food.First off, let's talk about the BREAKFAST BUFFET!  Weekday breakfast buffets are few & far between here in the Valley, & you get lots of choices here.  It compares with the weekend only breakfast buffets you see at Golden Corral or Old Country, & is much bigger than the one at JBs.  The food was good, & they will custom make you an omelet, waffle, pancakes, & probably eggs alone cooked any way you like, although I found more than enough treats already prepared out on the serving floor.  There were Eggs Benedict, for example, as well as French Toast, scrambled eggs, ham, sausage links, sausage patties, bacon, several different kinds of potatoes, biscuits & gravy, & so on.  Lots to choose from, & free coffee too!Between 11 & 12, they switch gradually over to lunch items.  I would say that if you want lunch only, it might be a good idea to wait until 12 to come here.  The price is the same, but the food choices change a lot.Once they're in lunch mode, there's Sushi, a Mongolian BBQ, & lots of what you expect at a Chinese Super Buffet, including REAL ice cream in various flavors.For me, it came in just a tic below my very favorite Chinese Buffets, so I'm going to start them with 4 Stars, but there's plenty to like about this new place!Breakfast & Lunch $6.99,  Dinner (3:30 on) $9.99.  Srs -10%
4	Mandarin Super Buffet gave up on serving the Breakfast Buffet on October 11, after trying it for just four days.  I think that's good, as it was taking them a long time to switch from breakfast food to what lunch customers expected, & do we really want to go to a Chinese restaurant for breakfast?10/27:  Went back today with Robyn N., Arlin B. & Mike C.  Everything is in order now that they've stopped trying to serve breakfast.  There were 134 food items out, plus sauces & dressings.  Everything was good, & I think they're a good solid 4 Stars.     :-)If Yelp hasn't posted the updates by the time you read this, Mandarin now opens at 10 AM & 11 AM on Sunday.  Also, they have a new phone number:  (602) 589-8888.
3	2.5 stars I upped to three stars only because this one is light years better than some other Chinese buffets that I think are two star.The stir fry part is actually is prepared with many sauces that a cook mixes for you instead of one bottled like sauce taste. Lots of variety with different proteins and many stir fried pans, most dishes had decent flavor but many had too much oil.Best dishes might be the Oyster Mushrooms.... or the pork dumplings?Quality varies depending on your visit and also part of pan you pick from.But BEWARE! of the Escolar and take only a bite or you will have problems in your pants. (see Escolar on Wikapedia it's banned in Italy for that reason) Escolar should never be on a buffet. (I already knew that)Donuts are cinnamon sugared.Pans were kept filled and the servers were very nice. Worth a try , better than some sit down Chinese Restaurants.2.5 stars
2	I miss the old chinese buffet. I was my families favorite buffet. the closed it and redid the whole inside. Does not even look like same place on the inside. But they changed the taste of some of my favorite dishes. They did add alot of food to the buffet and ice cream ( not soft serve)  But the few dished that I loved are changed forever. We're not going back. Not a horrible place- You may like it. But I miss my dishes:(
4	We had a very mixed group here with lots of tastes.  All the usual Chinese buffet items were in this vast palace, plus Mongolian BBQ and steak/chop grill, a sushi table, taco bar and lots of desserts.  I can't remeber if spagetti was on one table, but I'm thinking it was.  I didn't roam the steam tables much, loaded up a Mongolian BBQ plate, returning to dine, later than anyone, with our group.  People in general were happy, one or two got a more hot chiles than expected.  Some went back for thirds.   It was very good, and may be the only Chinese food place we could take my mother-in-law and she could find food she'd eat.
5	This place has been several  different buffets throughout the years. This is the best one it has ever been. It is very clean and they are always refilling the food and wiping every thing down and cleaning everything. They have a beautiful fish pond inside that is nice and clean with Koi fish and turtles inside as well as a  lovely mini waterfall.  The hot tea is included with your meal. Adult lunch is $6.99 and dinner is $9.99.Soft drinks are $1.49 ,such a deal!Every type of food is here you could imagine. Chinese ,seafood, fired food, tacos , Mongolian BBQ. Plus tons of desserts and even ice cream, plus the food is good. They are very friendly as well. This is a great place to come for lunch.
5	This is the first time i have ever been here. My girlfriend has been here several times and really liked it. Also, my Brother and his son really like it as well. So I thought i would give it a try. I was happy i did.The selection was amazing!   There was a lot of seafood and all really fresh and good. Ice tea and soda are addtional charge, but, hot tea is included with the meal.Prices are good. Lots of parking, friendly staff.
3	I was impressed how how nice the place look when I first walked in. Very clean with warm lighting and different seating section. There is also a fish pond at the entrance. Since it just barely open, everything look new and clean. I was looking forward to sushi but it was a disappointment. The rice was not soft and the sushi doesn't seem very fresh. There seafood is not much, just crawfishes and deep fried soft shelf crabs. Don't expect any big steam crab legs since the price is $9.99 dinner. They also having mongolian BBQ but I didn't try it. There wasn't really much other exciting selections that stand out. Overall the food was just okay if you want to fill your stomach
3	I have been in search of the perfect chinese buffet since I moved down to Phoenix from the midwest and had been pretty unsuccessful until the mandarin Super Buffet Opened.There is a huge selection of food with most of the things you would expect to find at a buffet. I think it just tastes so much better here! I don't know if it's brought out more regularly or just made with love but it's soooo good! Among my favorites are the dim sum, meatballs, honey chicken, spicy chicken, and pizza. Yes, I said pizza. I don't know why but I would almost go here just to eat the pizza! So good and cheesy with just a little sauce! Mmm Mmm Mmm!The reason I gave it 3 stars is because of the atmosphere. Now don't get me wrong, I know that a buffet isn't going to be the most classy environment. It's clean and well kept but it is really loud and every time I have been there, there are kids literally running around all over the place. I would give the food 4 stars and atmosphere 2 stars - hence the 3 star rating.
4	Today I got together with Scott W., Norm R., & Mike C. for lunch here & to give it an Update.There were 128 food items out, plus sauces & dressings.  Some thing that were especially good were the SIX different kinds of delicious soup, the fancy Sushi, the Mongolian BBQ featuring 4 meats plus plenty of veggies & fruit to add in, really good fried chicken, Egg Foo Young, & many other dishes.  A couple of other nice treats were the SIX kinds of REAL ice cream, & a can of REAL whipped cream available for dessert topping!There were a couple of minor misses holding Mandarin here down to 4 Stars for right now:*  The French Fries were ucky.*  There was bacon-wrapped zucchini, which is an interesting idea, but the bacon was way undercooked in my opinion.*  When it was time to pay, our Server was nowhere to be found.  Up at the cash register they were AWOL for quite a while, too.*  They say they give a 10% discount to Seniors, but they added tax to the regular price before taking off the 70 cents, so the discount was actually 64 cents.  Now it's up to a business to give a discount or not, but don't offer one & then cheat the customer on it!     :-OLunch Buffet:  $6.99/$6.35? Sr.PS:  Since I've been messaging the totally inept Yelp HQ since last October re the correct phone number for this place & they have yet to fix it...  It's (602) 589-8888!
4	good selection, i love the sushi, friendly staff
4	Rand H, Norm R, Mike C and I ended up here after trying to go to Fu-Fu and they chose not to open at 11.  The place was clean.  It was busy enough nothing that I tried seem to be getting stale in the tray.  The staff was busily cleaning the serving area and clearing plates in the dining room.  I liked having the food pretty much centrally located.  Norm even managed to find a set of chop sticks.
4	Ever since moving to the west valley, my fiance and I have been looking for a buffet place to replace our favorite, Crazy Buffet.  This one might just be a winner!  There is a large selection of food choices here as well as sushi.  For the dinner and weekend price of $9.99 per person, you just cannot beat it!  The food was very well prepared and very tasty.  The sushi was excellently prepared as well.  The service was good and the place was clean.  Also, if you like koi ponds, this buffet has one in the very front with large and small koi fish and a turtle!
2	Its your typical Chinese buffet, nothing to rave about.  Not a big fan, the food was ok.  But our table was sticky and dirty.  That would be one reason that I will not go back, the place is dirty not clean, floor is dirty.
2	The little lady and I were on a buffet kick for a hot second, and this was one of our stops.While they did have a large array of food to choose from, I did feel a little skeeved out.  For starters, almost every plate I grabbed was still dirty, with dried chunks of the previous diners selection still hanging on.  Second, a lot of the items looked as though they had been sitting for a good long while...and lastly, I was bummed that every time I went to get some soup the bowls were totally out. Some of the food had good flavor, and it wasn't all bad...but when I'm paying for food I want the good stuff.As for the service, the dude was prompt to clear our dirty plates and fill our drinks.Probably won't return.
3	So, on Christmas day I was doing the traditional fanfair of eating chinese and going to a movie.  I ended up skipping the movie, and came here for dinner instead. I've driven by this place plenty, since its a few miles south of where I live.  I've never eaten here before, but stopped in yesterday to grab some dinner.Upon entering, I found the prices to be fair.  $9.99 for an all you can eat chinese buffet with a decent variety of food.  I surveyed the buffet area and grabbed my share of food.  Here's some of what I found while dining here.They had a selection of some sushi, mexican food and tons of chinese food.  They had a decent selection of soups, and I went with the egg drop soup. Hot, tasty, and went down oh so good.  Had some sushi, and that was okay. Not the best, but seemed to get the job done.  Skipped the mexican and went right for the chinese food. I sampled a few dishes, and all were pretty tasty.  Orange chicken, sweet and sour chicken, Lo Mein noodles, all good.I think they even have alcoholic beverages for sale! I saw some booze on the back wall, but I didn't order any. Pretty neat that they sell booze!The downer? Desert section was aweful! Not only was there a crap selection, but it was hit beyond belief.  Most of the trays were all but gone and picked over when I was there.  Selection was seriously limited to putting, some very dry and bad tasting cake thingys, and some peaches in syrup. I went with the peaches because they had tons of ice cream, and with the weather being cold, I didn't want any ice cream. Desert area was just a fail over all.Not the best buffet, but not the worst. Food was okay, prices were fair, and there was a decent amount of seating.  I can't say I'll never be back, but considering it was open on christmas day, and some of the food was okay, I gave it 3 stars.  Just okay really.
4	Place is pretty good after new ownership took affect. Pretty clean and organized. I would give the food 4/5 stars. Better than most chinese buffet places. Looks like all employees are actually Chinese. Your drink is always filled since they check up on it regularly. I actually had more than I could drink they filled it so often. Prices are good at $6.99 per person during lunch. Dinner is $9.99 per person. Children 3-5 is $2.99 as the check said. Soda is $1.49. And guess what, REAL ICE CREAM. We were pretty happy about that. Worth it.
1	I found egg shell in my fried rice, need I say more?? To sum it up, I will not return. The food is very bland, and not well prepared. Don't waste your time or money
4	It's been ten months, so I whipped back into this big place today for lunch to see how they're doing, having presumably inherited the recently closed Super Moon's customers.  They were nice & busy by 11:45 AM, as I started selecting from the big array of 127 food items, not counting sauces and dressings.I enjoyed some good Hot & Sour Soup, then moved on to Caesar Salad, half an hard boiled egg, some tuna, Potato Salad, several Sushi treats and more.  Then it was over to the Mongolian style BBQ, featuring five meats and various fruits & vegetables.  I made my selections, including beef, pork, shrimp and chicken, and requested that the chef just prepare everything with the sauces HE likes, and it came out great!From over on the hot tables I enjoyed a variety of different beef and pork rib selections, some good fried chicken, shell-it-yourself crab pinchers, stuffed crab, flame broiled pork steak, good ham & more, ending up with desserts including one of the eight kinds of REAL ice cream.     :-))Was it perfect?  No.  The ice cream was chilled harder than it should have been, which I griped about, and the canned whipped topping was the cheap fake kind, not real whipped cream such as Reddi Wip.  Come on, Mandarin!So?  So as last time, it's a solid 4 Stars for Mandarin Supper Buffet where it's dinner price on weekends of $9.99/$8.99 Sr.     :-)
2	One 1/2 star for being near where I commute and therefore easy to get to.One 1/2 star for having a wide variety of items.One star for pricing, for all you can eat buffet, the pricing was good.Minus one star for food quality - the food is not WOW, got to have more.  It is more, OK I can survive on this.Minus one star for atmosphere.  This is a buffet factory.  Tons of people, loud noise, dirty floors some time (too much traffic).  Rush in, eat, rush out.  Minus one star - because "Meh, i've experienced better." This is next to a shopping mall and must get some good business from there.  It seems to always be busy.Will I go again, sure, when short of time, dying for asian and I am in the neighborhood.
4	You haven't lived until you have heard impromptu-Samoan-Christian-gangsing at a Chinese buffet. And I am glad I was there to witness it.It's reliable. Nothing bad or gross. They have the sushi (just ok) and reasonably-good Mongolian BBQ. The main dishes are consistently tasty and fresh. It's rather clean. If you have the Val-Pak app on your phone, you can get 15% off your total check. Check out the koi pond with the turtles.
3	Lots of variety here - nothing that stands out, but the old standbys of orange chicken, sweet and sour chicken, barbecue pork, etc. are all satisfactory. The only thing I didn't really care for was (and this is my own fault for getting it) was a tamale.I doubt I'd go back, but I suppose if I was in the area, I'd consider it.
3	It was ok for a buffet. We had to wait for a table in which we thought if we were waiting then it was going to be awesome. The food was mediocre & selection was alright.  Standard beef broccoli, sweet & sour chicken , & rangoon. But nothing out of the ordinary.
2	The stale fortune cookie was the final insult.Of course, since I came in alone with a book, I was seated in the darkest dining area next to a table with screaming children. This should have been my sign that the staff already knew I was not their target clientele and were determined to extract my $14 with the least effort to themselves. Standard Chinese buffet food must come in vast tubs from Sysco, as the Chinese dishes are absolutely identical to the Chinese dishes at every other mediocre buffet in Phoenix. This one appears to have a larger selection of non-Chinese food, including the mysterious pork tamale mentioned by others. It all tastes as if it was poured from its tub into a pan, heated through, and then trotted out to sit on its warming table. If you're determined to stuff mass quantities of food down your gullet, this will probably do the job. If you have the food sensitivity that gives stomach cramps in response to one or another cheap fat or filler, don't even walk in the door. There's fast food elsewhere in the parking lot that'll fill you up for half the price and a fraction of the misery.The iced tea has no flavor that would confirm it's anything other than maybe used dish water, so I suppose I shouldn't complain about lack of refills. Lack of knives is more of an issue if you're recklessly served yourself a slice of ham, but. . . don't. It should be impossible to eff up buffet ham, but the ham was tasteless, with a bizarre gummy texture. After that, I was not about to try the sushi.High points for food were the spicy squid whatevers, the breading-and-fish concoctions in assorted seashells (those have to be pretty awful before I don't think they're adorable), and the fake tiramisu squares (standard buffet fare but this was a fresh batch).
1	I was happy to see a Mongolian buffet after Hibachi closed.  Sorry to report, but this was a major disappointment.  Everything tasted stale.  Hope I don't get sick.
1	I ate here once before, wasn't terribly impressed but thought I would give them another chance.  Sadly, this buffet offered the same bizarre experience as my first visit, so I figured I would share.Basically, the food is all over the map - I don't generally go to a chinese buffet to eat old pasta in watered down ketchup, or visit the taco bar (really?) Of the chinese food, 3 of the dishes were variants of "meat with wilted broccoli" and 2 variants of "odd-tasting chicken in some kind of syrup".  Seriously, that was the full extent of the chinese-related entrees on the buffet.  Some other lowlights:a large pile of wrinkly old green beans that looked like they had been cooked in a deep fryer3 kinds of nasty-looking, picked-apart fish in puddles of greaseteriyaki chicken slices swimming in 5/8" of greasebreaded, deep-fried, syrup-drenched rotten (as in "not safe to eat") chicken"pork tamales" (seriously, wtf?)More importantly, as a former chef I'm surprised the health department hasn't swooped in - every single dish was served lukewarm at best, there was no steam rising from the steam tables, and the cold trays were also at room temperature.  The nastiest thing was the tray with a lukewarm pile of old, crusty tuna salad on it - all I can say is that it was foul and i hope nobody actually ate it or the oysters next to it...  After seeing all this, I definitely avoided the sushi bar and mongolian grill - no use in tempting fate.  Overall, I was so grossed out that I only ate one plate before leaving (for the record, I'm a biggish guy, usually I will chow down 3-4 plates at a good buffet).In short, I know that there really are no good chinese buffets in Phoenix any more, but this was absolutely the worst food I have ever experienced anywhere in the city.  Worse yet, their lack of sanitation and temperature control makes dining into a russian roulette game for your GI tract.  Hopefully they get shut down before they kill someone.
1	saturday at 2 : 30 pm - pre costco visitsurprisingly attractive inside - but food was bland and lukewarm at best - I kept flashing back to Restaurant Impossible rants about food temps. although plate removal and refills were prompt - was disapointed in everything else! I won't be back sorry. save your money and eat at home!
4	The place has gone through a complete renovation! And the best part is that the prices haven't gone up from when it used to be called ?Great Wall Super Buffet?, the quality of the food has improved as well, hopefully that won't change anytime soon. Will be going back soon! 'nuff said.
1	I have to say I did not expect much but from the time you enter the restaurant there was no enthusiasm from the hostess nor the wait staff. We were lead to our table and there was so much trash and napkins on the floor I had second thoughts. The food was not special and there were so many steam tables that were either empty or they looked like someone was digging through the food  in search of jewelry They had a lot of food to choose from but I had only found one or two things that I really liked. I love Chinese food but I think this cured my search for a good oriental buffet. I will not be back to this place again. I really wanted to like it but no thank you..
1	My boyfriend and I went here because my phone said that the Home Town Buffet was located at this address but found out it was taken over by the Maderine Buffet instead, we decided to try it anyway. For the price it was, it was not worth a dime. The food was ill prepared, the staff was pretty much non-existing and rude for example, when asking for a refill the server replied "don't you want to wait until you get home for a drink?" When it came to dessert that seemed to be the only thing that seemed edible besides the fact that the jell-o felt like it was made from rubber and we stayed away from the ice cream because for some reason they kept oysters next to it and there was an oyster shell in one of the buckets of ice cream. The atmosphere was just uncontrolled screaming children and when I got home I felt like I needed a bottle of petobismal. I would highly not recommend this place at all.
4	This is a very nice and affordable place to go for a quality meal. Everything they make (with a few exceptions) is done incredibly well! The food tastes fresh and not like it came out of a can or a freezer like most of the buffets I've been too. The inside is aesthetically appealing too. To all the naysayers commenting, this is a family-style Chinese buffet, not a five star restaurant. For the price you pay, it is quite adequate for a nice meal.Two reasons why I'm not giving this place five stars: 1. The dessert (much unlike the rest of the restaurant) is lacking quality and variety. 2. Plates stay on your table FOREVER, and waiters do not interact with customers.
4	I really love the selection of foods. The food has really  good flavor for the most part. They keep the place clean and the employee's are really nice. It is one of our favorite stops when we are in town.
2	I went here with my husband ,friend and granddaughter. My friend and I ordered just a water with our meal and they gave use tap water no ice . This have never ever happened to me before. No ice come on . We won't be back and I do love thier won tons
1	Has horrible food.  I love Chinese food and this place is pretty bad.  I went back three times hoping they have improved, but left disappointed every time. Not worth what I paid for.
1	Food is good for a Buffet, service was good. Great place to go if you want to get ripped off. Went for lunch (lunch until 3:30pm then diner rate which is $3.00 more) arrived at 3:05 pm left at 3:52pm was charged diner rate, most places you go if you arrived at lunch time that is what you are charged for. Used a 15% off coupon which they took but did not deduct . The most interesting thing is that the receipt was time printed 4:46pm almost an hour after I left. Needless to say I won't go Back there, and will not recommend this place to anyone, If this review help anyone to avoid this place good if it helps in putting this place out of business great!
2	Let's just say this is not the best buffet out there. I came here last week for my sisters birthday and as soon as we walked in we were just standing there waiting to be seated... They had us wait for about 20 minutes which I don't understand because it was during the week so the place wasn't even full. Anyways once we finally got seated I got my food which was mediocre the same basic food you find chow mein fried shrimp etc. nothing special the sushi was alright but what can you expect it's a buffet. The staff wasn't very friendly they lacked interaction with customers kind of cold in a way.
3	This is a better Chinese buffet than others we have tried in the area, but that's not saying much. The buffet is $12.59 for adults on Sundays. The buffet has most of the popular dishes-orange chicken, teriyaki chicken, sweet and sour pork, etc. There are some cold salads, fruit, desserts, and crab legs. There were also tacos and pizzas. There is a Mongolian BBQ and sushi.The food was fine for the most part. The sushi tasted bad. I wouldn't recommend going to the bathroom before you eat- the hallway, which runs alongside the kitchen, smells terrible. That's making me think about whether I'll ever eat here again. As per usual, the meal ended with a standard stale fortune cookie to send you on your way.
1	Absolutely one of the worst places I've eaten. The food was luke warm, most of the meat dishes were well over cooked or burnt. Every dish tried was so bland it didn't matter if you were eating chicken and broccoli or the house special which was a spicy chicken, they both tasted the same! The squid was so over cooked you couldn't even chew it, the mussels had a home made spicy sauce that was labeled spicy but was as sweet as the orange chicken. If I was rich and bored I'd pay people NOT to eat here, it is that bad. Below average, even for a buffett.... Please save yourself and do not eat here!
3	This place is not terrible; not great either. I really like the much-maligned tamales. If not burned, the wings and breaded chicken are good. Veggies and mushrooms generally tasty. I *almost* iike the garlic green beans, but they have this strange waxy aftertaste. Can't quite describe it. Crab puffs, reasonable for a buffet. Avoid varying-quality ribs and fatty house special chicken. Stuffed crab shells and egg patties yummy. Pot stickers and tacos not terrible. Avoid hot and sour soup unless you like hot and sour soup generally. Think that's most of what I tried.
1	This place was for me one of the worst buffets ever! I was really excited to go here after reading the review but was really disappointed with the food. The service and people were great but the food no where near that. I was looking forward to the sushi, which was really bad I may add, so I then went to the buffet. The typical dishes were horrible and left a weird after taste. Even the soda we got was flat and had a really bad after taste. The only thing I truest enjoyed was the Mongolian station.
1	Another one of those all-u-can-eat buffets.  This one has lots of choices...But not any really tasty ones.Like most of these places the secret is to find the items they do best and stick with those, however I failed at that, but it was not due to lack of trying. Although a lot of things looked good, they were either just bland, dry, or just not good.  The one exception I found were the Gyoza (potstickers, dumplings or what ever this place chose to call them).  Although they are the same as served at a lot of the others chinese buffets, this one actually did them right...Not dried-out or deep fried.There are plenty of more chinese buffets in the desert, keep looking!
1	Went a couple of days ago. It came out to 50 dollars for 4 people. The food was barely edible and not hot but just warm. Also saw a cockroach there and instantly lost my appetite. Probably will never come to this place again.
2	Parking lot is somewhat small and seems poorly laid out based on the way people had parked.  Just seemed like too many cars were incapable of maneuvering between the painted lines.  Restaurant looks fairly large and buffet tables are visible upon entering.There is a meeting room in the back which we used for a club meeting.Didn't seem as if they were even prepared for our group to be there.Rugs were in a pile in the corner of the room and the floor was stick gross.  My shoes were stuck and made noise each time I lifted a foot.  Annoyingly gross.Tables were basic conference type tables with napkin holder and soy sauce bottles strategically placed.I think they could do a little more to make this a very useful meeting area and potentially create a better draw.  Start by mopping the floors would be a good place to start.  I did not eat.  Food smelled alright but I'm not very fond of buffet Chinese and I just feel sushi doesn't belong on any buffet.
3	Mongolian grill is the best part of the meal. The desert cakes were good.  It's was 50 for 2 adults 2 kids.  We came kinda late after 8. Food was half edible. There is plenty of choices that's for sure. Some good some bad.
3	The reviews here seem to be either very low or very good, no middle ground. We've eaten here twice. The first time I was pleasantly surprised, the food was very good, not common for buffets in this city which have gotten worse over the years. The Squid, fried foods, noodles, rice and meat dishes were well prepared. The bathroom needs better cleaning as does the floor. I would have given this 4 stars but for the second visit. The chow mein noodles were done very differently than the time before, with a bad taste. The fried rice, completely different, was inedible. The other foods were as good as before, but to me, noodles and rice are the anchor for this type of buffet food and I was disappointed. I can't review the sushi, as I don't believe in eating raw meat and fish of any kind, just because it's trendy.
2	I posted a positive review of this restaurant a little while back, but the quality has really gone down. The interior of the restaurant is not that old, but it has been horribly maintained. Scratches and stains everywhere. You can smell the unsanitary bathrooms from a mile away. To top things off, the not-so-good service has gotten even worse. It can take the employees a whole fifteen minutes before getting you your beverages, and the plates stay on your table for just about the whole meal. Even the food is very often served cold now.Also, this place does not have very much going for it as far as deserts go. They serve cakes that were obviously pre-packaged or frozen. No soft-serve machine, just regular ice-cream (which I'm not a fan of). And the fruit they serve isn't the best quality.Chinese buffets are springing up all over Phoenix, and right now, this one doesn't have much to offer.
2	TWO STARS FOR THE FOOD. FOR THE SERVICE NO STARS.First time we were there, they were giving out the coupons and barely just opened. The service was fine, the food to me was good. Second time we were there, food was fine but they would seat us inside a room with windows on the side with the scenery of some trees and a brick wall. TURNS OUT the waitress who serves our drinks was sitting behind us staring at us eating the WHOLE ENTIRE TIME. As if she had nothing better to do. She was on her phone. Third and last time we decided to come there same seating same waitress. STARING AT US THE ENTIRE TIME as she eats again and i remember this distinctly because as i got up to go get another plate her eyes literally followed me into the buffet area. IT WAS SO UNCOMFORTABLE, I couldn't even enjoy myself. I don't know if it was our age group or something. My fiance was eating alone when he noticed a man with his arms crossed who worked there staring at him right outside the door. Like he wasn't even trying to hide it. My fiance notices and looks right at him and he just stares him down with his arms crossed until another man approached the worker. The waitress even gave us our checks early and my fiance and i were not even done eating and she would come by and peek at us, trying to force us out not in a forward way. As she came back with receipt for a signature she literally stood there the whole time waiting for me to sign the receipt and check for her tip. NO TIP LADY. I thought i'd keep giving this place a chance since I love Asian buffets but I WILL NOT BE GOING HERE NO MORE. Come here if you want to be stalked like a hawk as if you're in there to dine and dash!!!!
4	Actually good food for a decent price,  Mongolian grill was excellent,  only tried the chicken choices in the buffet,  fresh and cooked well. Service was ok,  entire restaurant was well maintained,  no funny odors just fresh food.  Nice selection of desserts also...  Definitely will visit in the future,  highly recommend
1	Crowded, Noisy, and the food really had no taste to it.. Don't recommend ..!!!  the look of the buffet is deceiving, it looks great but tastes awful... So this will be my first and last time eating here .. We only ate here to try something new.... Bad choice...
