1	If give them zero stars but it won't let me. They charge you a deduct able on all repairs and even though something is installed in your house before you ever looked at it they make you handle replacing the unit claiming non partisan on the major appliance. Don't advertise something and not support it. Double standard political garbage should be removed from Vegas.
1	They will rip you off forget about your depositThey claim phony repair and fabricateDamages reports.Steve is a professional con artist backedBy nancy Li .Save yourself aggravation run away from this office.
1	Rented a home in summerlin, they wont fix anything. The home was broken into several times they dont care. total con artist slum lords. RUN AWAY! Dont do it!! I held in there for two years, it was honestly the worst experience of my adult life.Total Las Vegas Con- There really are far better out there. I have found an amazing Property Management company. Dont do it, seriously.
1	I still live in their property. What a horrible company to hire to manage your house! They don't give a S...about your needs and will totally ignore all your requests. Stay away from them, if you want to rent or let them manage. Bad, bad, bad!!!!!!
1	Omg..so horrible.  I really wish I could give 0 stars cuz this place deserves it. I rented from them for 2 years and within those 2 years, they wanted to charge me for anything and everything.-Apparentlybefore I even signed a lease, the house was receiving hoa fines and letters.  Then all of sudden, when I moved into the house, I started receiving the letters and fines.  Not only was the hoa fining me, total real estate decided to fine me as well because I was being non compliant.  So when I finally knew what was happening, I had to take care of the situation.  I made all the phone calls to hoa company and explained things to them.  Only when the hoa decided not to fine me, total real estate took their fines off...But they were absolutely no help in resolving the issue.  They were just happy to fine me.-I felt like I signed my life away when I signed the lease.  They fix nothing...majority is left to the tenant.  When they do fix things, they charge you a maintenance fee, wtf.  So I had a problem with a garbage disposal and the guy had to come out numerous times...each time I'm getting charged for.  I don't understand why I have to get charged all the time when it wasn't get fixed correctly the first time around.-I just got my security deposit back from moving out.  I paid $1500 in security deposit and I only got back $800...Yeah right. I have pictures and my walk through evaluation that this were broken or missing and now they wanna charge me. I went in to talk to Steve and he was reasonable on giving some of my money back because I wrote everything down that was wrong with the house.  I got $65 more dollars.I suggest you take pics of everything and write everything down to missing door stoppers, in the oven, under the hood for the stove, yard work, closet doors not working, I mean everything!!!!!!  You gotta cover your butt.Overall, I would just stay away from this company.  I have had much better landlord companies that don't rip you up the butt hole.
