3	I don't get Toys R Us.  I really don't.  It's not that I don't like toys, because I do.  But this place is just a massive store, full of people at any time of year - and around the holidays, it's even worse.As if things weren't bad enough, the staff is completely useless.  Go ahead and ask them where (anything) is, and you'll be amazed that they can't help you find (anything).  It's just unbelievable.I get that they want to put (everything) out on the floor, so that if you want a DVD to go with the Lego set that you're buying, you'll be able to find it.  But then they decide that the DVD is too popular, so instead they lock it up in the restricted area with video games, so they don't actually have it in the area where the promo material is, and the people in the Lego area don't have a freaking clue.  It's just a mess.You're better off wandering around and looking for it on your own.  Or ordering online.  the prices are better anyway, you don't have to deal with the crowds and you can dress - or not - however you like.
2	Went here early for black Friday sales, but not the "crazy" 4am early, but just 8am... the store really wasn't that crowded and you could see the police caution tape they used to form the line from earlier that morning.  I did have a semi-panic attack when I couldn't get out of the store.  I wasn't really shopping - more like driving people around that wanted to shop, so I had looked around - the store smelled like a locker room (probably because of all the people in there) and I wanted some fresh air.  The problem was that they had barricaded the aisles with large boxes and tables to make the check out lines more orderly... good if you were waiting in line, bad if you wanted out of the store.  It was a little ridiculous.
1	Out of stock on most promotional items. Many items over priced. Lego set at Toys R Us was $70, on amazon its $50. Bike section had clutter all over the floor. Difficult to find a sales associate when needed. Cashier was confused and took 15-20 minutes to ring my items up. Overall, I won't waste time at this store, but stick to online shopping. When I arrived to pick up a layaway order, took 11/2 hours for my items to be located in the warehouse.
1	As usual for Toys R Us the store is always dirty and in total disarray. The employees just seem to be there to collect a check and  don't want to help anyone. Robots could care more. Lines are always slow and long. I now only use them to look for ideas or check quality and then order online if I can't find at a local store like "Toys & Co" or Learning Express.
5	I was in this store to buy my niece a birthday present. I had gotten a list of items that she wanted from my sister to get her. I don't buy toys that often so I didn't know where to begin. As soon as I walked in a older lady approached me and asked me if I needed some help. She was like my personal shopper. It was great. She helped me find everything I wanted to buy. I couldn't thank her enough. You don't see that kind of service these days in retail. I will definitely be back to shop in here again. Great job to the toys r us in concord for making my shopping experience go so well. I highly recommend this store. I will be back at Christmas to shop again.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. Consistently bad checkout experiences (long lines and lack of trained staff), often negative / rude attitudes for returns, and overall lack of managers or fully trained staff to deal with issues. Definitely the _worst_ toys-R-us I have ever stepped within. Avoid if possible.  Review is based upon multiple negative experiences.  Overall bad management. No wonder they keep losing business to Wal-Mart and Target.
3	Generally  pretty good but help is questionableGranted it's only Nov 1 but my wife is trying to wrap up Christmas Shopping.  What am I missing here?Not used to wrapping up Christmas in November ( she feels we are already late). The Christmas music on the PA is already a bit much.That said, went to pick up  a final present for my new Grandson in Ga. while my wife was looking for a specific Lego for her only Grandson.  In her case, they were already out of stock.  We did find the Tonka Truck we were lookin for so my Grandson should be happy although he just turned one and is not really sure what Christmas is really all about.Bottom line, store did not have an extensive stock and while they were very helpful in finding things, store staff were a limited resource and hard to find.Still 8 week to Christmas and if they were not prepared today, I hate to thing what the next couple of weeks bring.
