4	I would recommend Broadstone Scottsdale Horizon to anyone looking for a friendly community. The staff are very professional and are always building a sense of community for the residents.It's a great place to live!
1	This was the WORST place I ever lived  in Arizona. The Management are a bunch of morons that have no clue how to run a business let alone an apartment complex. When I lived there I had roaches, big and small, roaming my apartment like they were paying rent. The best part is that I am a clean person, I would even go as far as saying I am a clean freak. These apartments are infested with roaches and the management did nothing to solve my problem or any of my neighbors. Fuck Broadstone and Fuck Alliance, I hope you all rot in hell you blood sucking leeches!!! That is my honest review of Broadstone.
4	A very well-managed apartment complex. The apartments themselves are very nice (get a second story apartment with vaulted ceilings, if you can). The office staff are very courteous and professional. My only complaint is that parking is limited to one spot per unit (without the option to rent additional spaces), and there is very little conveniently located "open" parking, which can make things a little difficult when guests come over.On balance, it's a great place to live!
2	Review #1 - 5 months into lease...has been mostly good so far.  The apt is a good size, I like my neighbors, it is relatively nice looking - granite counter tops, new appliances, track lighting, etc.  Location rocks!  I love having everything nearby, especially the Temple Bar shuttle van that not only takes you home from the bar, but picks you up too -- free, just tip Dustin the driver!  However, last night I saw an over 2 inch long roach in my kitchen!!!  EEEEEKK!!!! YUCK!!!  It ran under my dishwasher, and I'm squeemish, so I did not try to find out more.  I called management today and they are having someone come to spray on Monday - at least most of my apt, finishing my bathroom the following Monday (since I have a cat and will have to keep it not in the spray area).  I was told it is not a cockroach, but a "sewer roach," and those are prevalent this time of the year in the AZ heat.  Apparently, the come up from the sewers via sinks, tubs, etc.  GROSS!  My other complaints -- I don't have a fan in my bathroom and pre-existing mold has grown...gross and unhealthy.  Also, the window in my kitchen barely opens, like it was put together on the cheap.  Landscaping is lackluster, as there are TONS of dead leaves around my apt and the parking lot.  There will be at least one further review to update on the bug situation.  It better work or I am not going to be happy.
1	I lived here for 15 months with my parents and it was the worst thing ever! For starters we specifically asked to NOT have a fireplace because we never use them, i went to pick up my keys and walked into my new apartment and there was a fireplace. I told the girls in the office they said that was what I asked for and argued with me i dropped it because thats not how i want to start my relationship at a new place. I signed the lease and it said that she gave me all 3 keys and she only gave me one saying they didnt have the other 2 they would make copies and give them to us. She never gave us the other 2 keys and at the end of the lease she made me pay $10 each for the 2 keys SHE NEVER GAVE ME! Alot of loud people and party people and drunken loud people at the pool all the time. Really crappy layout of the apartment so hard to figure out furniture and washer and dryer on the patio BAD IDEA. I can hear the guy upstairs slamming his patio door ALL NIGHT cause he was doing laundry. As we approached the end of our lease we wanted to get our carpet cleaned and used to company that broadstone recommended to us the company did a great job and inexpensive. At the end of my lease they charged me $300 for "cleaning services" and complained that whoever shampooed our carpet did an awful job...it was her own recommendation, the same company they would have used if we didnt clean the carpet...also saying that our apartment was left disgusting and she emailed me pictures of what she thought meant dirty. I laughed when I saw the pictures because you couldnt see anything, NOTHING WAS DIRTY. Its my parents and myself we are all adults that work 9 hours a day we arent even home enough to make a mess that big. She was also mad because my mom forgot a pickle jar in the fridge and she had to walk her lazy self to the dumpster to throw it away WOOPTY DOO! Bottom line is they suck the staff sucks the neighbors sucked the parking sucked the rent sucked the apartment sucked and in the end I had to pay the $300 for basically nothing because my brother co-signed on the lease and is in the process of buying a house and they sent it out to collections so on top of everything i took a hit on my credit score which hurt because im trying to buy a house so i can avoid these types of problems. They will scam you in the end and drain you for every extra little penny that they can get from you. THEY SUCKKKKK
1	Do not live here.  The apartment management is terrible.  Avoid at all costs.
1	Review #2 out of 2...Don't move here!  My cat is litter trained and NEVER would not use a litter box, but upon move out they said there were pet stains on the carpet and it smelled like cat urine...Danielle in the office said she had two different people go in and verify the smell.  It's not true, but it's my word against their's...UGH!  Also, I never EVER let my cat into my bedroom - due to dating a guy with allergies - but I will still have to pay for the ENTIRE apartment to be re-carpeted...TOTAL BS and a RIPOFF!!!  This place is definitely not worth the cost.  If you look at all of the standard construction, it was all done very cheaply...wood under counter in kitchen, under sinks, it isn't great.  Oh and the roach issue - if you look closely where the carpet meets the wall, you'll see gaps...allowing for bugs to easily get into your place.  The upgrades they have are distractions to make you think the place is a lot nicer than it really is.  Oh yeah - and parking totally sucks!
3	The apartments themselves are okay. Granite counter tops, decent looking cabinets and appliances. You're not going to find more square footage for your money in this area so that is a plus. The office staff is alright, too. There seems to be new people in there each time I visit which can be frustrating, but I've never had an issue. There is limited guest parking which gets irritating but also cuts down on parties and it is generally a very quiet complex. It would be nice to have the option to rent an additional covered space, however.Unfortunately this is the only apartment I have ever lived in that shuts the water off as often as they do here. In the year that I have been here we have been without water on at least 3 different occasions. Each time lasts from a few hours to a few days. It's rather difficult to get ready for work without even being able to brush your teeth or take a shower. This also doesn't include the time raw sewage was backing up the drain into the bathtub which took nearly 2 days to fix. At least they sent in a cleaning crew afterwards.Overall you get what you pay for. If you are willing to pay more, I suggest finding a nicer apartment off FLW.
4	Very friendly staff. Alexis and Sarah were great and helped me find a 1 bdrm unit I was looking for. Interior was really nice, very nice detailing and features like nice appliances, w/d in unit, and access to patio from both living room and bedroom. In general the grounds are very nice and kept up, I guess they have a night patrol too which I think is great. I wanted to be a bit closer to old town but the pluses here outweighed the few minutes farther north that it was than I wanted. I am very excited to move in here!
2	Upon moving in I observed that the kitchen never got completely cleaned. Gross but I'm not that lazy that I couldn't do it myself. I was worried about any bugs as this is a huge fear of mine and despite cleaning thoroughly and keeping all drains plugged as recommended I have still seen a few, even after getting the interior of my apt sprayed. I just don't get it, I lived literally around the corner in a complex for a yr and a half w a roommate w a dog so there was dog food laying around all the time and NEVER saw any roaches. I feel like this will always be an issue by the repeated response I have heard about "They can't guarantee no bugs." That I understand, but why isn't the issue being solved? What you are doing clearly isn't working.The units were not built very well in my opinion. The sound barrier is about 0. It literally sounds like I have a window open all the time. I wouldn't mind so much if people weren't noisily speeding over the speed bump nearby from 4-9am. Then there are the landscapers that use their blowers by my window for an hour at 8 am weekly. Seriously? There's like 2 bushes by my unit. I'll prune 'em myself if you give me some piece and quiet! That's just the stuff from outside. When I lie in bed or am getting ready in my bathroom, I can hear the guy above me every time he takes a leak. Idk how long I can go getting no sleep. Please, Broadstone, I am begging you, remove the speed bump or make it bigger bc it is not doing anything but creating noise.The maintenance guys are great-considerate, thorough, and nice. It is nice to get surveys also after every maintenance visit. The parking is very minimal for guests if you like to have a visitor ever. The outside lighting is poor at night around the complex and wish they would fix it already. Really unfortunately the bug and noise issues are the only things that make me reconsider staying here after my lease ends. Still a good location and nice looking detailing inside the units for the price. Sarah was replaced up front by another Sara who can be a bit unapproachable but Kim and Sunshine are always very nice and always seem willing to try to help when issues arise.
3	I just moved in on the 6/12/2014, Minuses: parking my unit is conveniently  located like 5 steps away from one parking lot. They have me inconveniently parking way on the other side with my wife is currently 6 1/2 months pregnant and the walking path to the parking spot is not very safe with dim lighting. I normally wouldn't say much about parking setup coming from other apartment but this is far the most ridiculous set up. I ask the office about making the change for the safety  of my wife and future child and they said they couldn't make any changes, that only shows me they are not concern for our safety. Also a suggestion is when there are children at the pools there should be a rule for smokers and that's they should have to go else where so everyone can enjoy the pool area amenities without the dangers of secondhand smoke. Pluses:the apartment setup is very nice high vaulted ceilings, the 2nd bedroom is almost the size of the master bedroom with a private balcony and with a spacious bathroom. The washer and dryer are conveniently in the storage room on the balcony so helps with keeping temperatures and noise levels in the unit down. The maintenance guys did an awesome job on request. Overall property and amenities are nice along with a good workout facility maintenance staff a plus and the staff are friendly but could do a better job in the safety interest of their residents such as secondhand smoke especially in the presents of children and a better parking set up for expecting mother and families.
4	About to move in here - it looks nice and clean. Staff are courteous and the prices is very reasonable. The kitches upgrades are awesome and I like the feel of this complex
2	Alright after living here for a month now, I had to remove a star for now. Before moving back to AZ from CA, I had forgotten all about the filter in the A/C vents from not having A/C for the last 4 years and you'd think as a new tenant you wouldnt have to request one and one would've be added already and for the longest time I couldn't figure out why my A/C wasn't get very cold. I put a maintenence request to have it looked at during the move in checklist they replaced the thermostat after the request. I pulled my filter out after the first month to find what had to be at least a years worth of crud on it... Seriously commonsense I'd think for an apartment property especially in AZ to have not have the had the air filters for replaced for a new tenant...
1	I've lived here for 2 years now and it was amazing when I moved in. I had no issues. This is the second summer that my a/c has leaked and caused water damage and stains on my carpet. I can't leave my apartment without forgetting to put a bucket under the a/c unit otherwise my carpet is soaking wet. I've put in work orders several times and they always say it's the condensation. However, there is so much water that I have to put my large kitchen garbage can under when I have gone out of town for the weekend and it has been almost completely full of water. If I didn't catch the water there would be extreme water damage and most likely leak to the apartment under me. They decided to remodel the pool near my unit this summer. Not only was it extremely loud but the workers started very early in the morning and would sit outside my unit talking and doing whatever and not respecting the residents. I would have no problem with this if it was at a normal hour in the day. Also, they left debris and rocks and blocks in the open parking spots therefore making parking near impossible during the remodel. Lastly and most importantly, the water gets shut off more than anywhere I have ever lived. It seems to become more frequent the longer I live here. It also seems to become longer as well. They will say they have to shut the water off for a break in the line or whatever and it will be back on early in the evening 5-6pm.  They are never correct with the time. It will come back on late into the evening causing a whole day of not being able to use/live in my apartment. On 8/4/14 an email was sent out saying they needed to shut the water off and they would keep us updated. It was turned off at 9am. I got an email later that day explaining the water would be back on between 8-9pm (which to me is way too long to have water off. You cannot live in extreme heat and not have water. Where do you go to the bathroom? How do you cook?). However, the water was still not turned on at 12:30am when I finally gave up and went to a friends house. Who knows what time is was turned back on. They have no sympathy and do nothing to prorate your rent. I would not recommend living here. I cannot wait until my lease is up.
4	I have lived here for almost a year and I am sad that ill have to leave come December. This has been such a fantastic apartment community and I love living here! when I was first moving into my 2br the office staff were extremely helpful, incredibly professional, and super kind. I did have a leak in my ceiling and a maintenance staff came, same day, to fix it.  It took a few days to dry out and get fully fixed and had an annoying fan blowing on it for 3 days, but im not complaining.  the reason why I rated 4 stars and not 5 is because of the water being shut off at least once a month.  It is a bit bothersome and a nuisance but its not the end of the world. So overall its a beautiful community to walk my dog around, friendly neighbors, and a great office/maintenance staff, and i have never had an issue with parking.
4	Had a couple mix ups when i moved in but sunshine was great and helped get it settled! Way better staff and much more professional than the last apt i stayed...(talus ranch north phnx)
1	I lived at Broadstone for the last 2 years and there has been nothing but problems since day one. Water lines will break in what seems on a regular basis, leaving you without water and unable to use the restroom. During the rainy season my roof started to leak all over my bed, and after telling them to get it fixed it took close to a week. A pipe broke in the bathroom sink, which isn't a big deal. Once I called and told them which sink in the apartment, I come home to find they had "fixed" my kitchen sink which was never broken to begin with. I'm happy to have moved out.
