5	This place is sooooooooooo freaking amazing I have never had a haircut where I could say damn this is the best one I've had, well now I can say it I will never stop coming here. The place is in a spot where everything is vintage and dope, the owner Jorge is Kool and down to earth never felt like I was a customer but a friend. He plays dope vintage music too for me this is a long drive but worth every minute and penny if u guys want an excellent haircut this is the spot.
5	A Real Guy Place!I know Sportclips, which I patronize also, touts itself as a guy's place, but I feel more like a man after leaving Downtown Vintage Barbershop. I've been here twice now and with each of the barbers. I can honestly say I feel confident no matter who I get. Good all-around solid haircut with attention to detail. You can tell the young owner really cares about the place and wants to bring quality service to its patrons and is in it for the long-haul. Every time I pass by it seems there is always someone in the chair. Before this ownership it wasn't always the case. The Downtown Vintage Barbershop is a full service shop. A straight razor is used during the final trim so a real clean finish is the result. A single TV and mags adorn the place and some old-school music is playing in the background. Don't forget cash, as this place takes cold hard American Dollars in the form of Greenbacks only.
5	I don't write reviews, but went in for the first time and got a very well done haircut! The owner have me a cut and it was perfect!!! No complaints!
5	This place is the real deal. Great atmosphere. Great vibe. It's the classic barbershop experience. Had my hair cut by Ray. There's a reason his business card says "Master Barber." He gave me the cleanest fade I've ever had.
5	Holy grail of mens barbershops.The place is located on water street, just look for a regular ole candy cane pole. There's no check in so no need to look for a paper. Just sit down and wait for them to call you. The decor of the place truly fits what its aura. Straight up decorations from the past along with old school barber chairs. The haircuts can take anywhere from 20+ minutes. Considering great clips cost $12 and this place is $15. It's definitely worth the extra $3. The workers are take so much pride in their work. They always take their time on haircuts even if there is a full house. An added bonus is they use a hot towel, shaving cream, and a barber knife to top off your hair.The only downside to this place is there are only four barbers working so wait times can go to above an hour or more. Be prepared to make time.
5	Great shop and cool atmosphere . First time there, sure to be back. Good place for a classic cut and feel!
4	Great cut. Always busy!
5	Men of Henderson - This is your shop.The moment I rolled by the shop in my car from Water Street, I knew I'd love it.  Right from the window you get almost everything you need - a classic feel, natural light given from its big window, and an authentic, honest, cool atmosphere.  And of course, you'll spot the vintage candy strip pole just about the shop sign.I walked in knowing nothing, but within minutes I felt at home in the shop. There's classic music coming through the speakers, from an era that was about as cool as we can ever hope to be.  Old records and photos were splayed about the shop.  And each chair is a thing of beauty - a real relic and something to be appreciated.  The barbers were all their own style, but each was friendly.  I sat down with 'Ray', a happy older barber that really gave off a positive vibe.  From what I could tell, their were no standard appoints.  There's no computer.  No one asking to write down your name.  But from what I picked up, once you find a barber you like, you can make individual appointments through them.  The shop has four chairs, so keep this in mind when going in for a cut or shave.  The cuts are done well, with care, so they take longer than your average quick generic haircut corporation.  But at $15 for an average cut, they're cheap considering the time spent.  For shaves and fades, they only use straight razors, giving you a close and comfortable shave you probably won't find at home.  And for those concerned with the cleanliness of the blade, each is disposable so you don't have to wonder their sanitary conditions.If you're looking for an upgrade from your normal cookie cutter hair cut place, step into this barbershop and enjoy every minute.  You might wait a little longer for the cut, but your hair and your ego will find it's worth the time.
5	Pulling up to the curb in front of Downtown Vintage Barbershop, one gets the sense of being teleported back to "the good ole days", when things were just done differently and with pride. Step inside! The vibe is reminiscent of  a golden era before our time, a place your good ole Grand Daddy would've had his Sunday shave and cut. Old records and sports posters adorn the walls, as old school tunes keep the mood nostalgic. It won't be long before you are called up to one of the four chairs by the real deal, a true barber. Today, Ray took care of my cut, and fade with expert precision. It is evident that he is a true artisan, who looks forward to keeping his traditional barbercraft alive, one snip and buzz at a time. Downtown Vintage Barbershop in Old Henderson truly hits the senses with a full dose of Old School Americana tradition, an experience that will make you feel like you exist in a time lost long ago...even if only for 20 minutes, and $15 bucks. My friends, it was worth every minute, and every dollar.
5	Awesome shop! George and his crew are excellent barbers! Great vibe inside the shop. Well worth every penny!
5	Great barber shop and everything I was looking for. Good to see a local business still succeeding. My dad will drop by today upon my referral and obvious good cut.
5	Somedays I wonder why I even stay on Yelp. I'm so burnt out on the whole community, and I don't particularly fit in here with the breakdancing asian guys, single moms with inferiority complexes, and gossiping housewives. But, then I come to a place like DOWNTOWN VINTAGE BARBERSHOP on Water Street, and I'm glad Yelp is around to give respect and credit to a barber whose been a master of his craft since the 1960s. Ray is the greatest old school barber I have ever met. He is a man in his 70s, but none of the young guys can compare to him in regards to his ability to hold the straight-razor. Usually when I walk into a barbershop, the barber expresses to me that he doesn't like to shave people because it "takes too long". When I asked Ray for a shave he was more than happy, and even told me that he misses the 1960s when everyone who walked into his shop used to ask for one. It was the good old days according to him. The most important part of the hot-towel shave experience is the pre-shave preparations. Most rockabilly barber shops rush this process and use a barely warm towel.  Ray spends over 15 minutes during the pre-shave process.  First, he spends a good 5 minutes massaging the hot lather into your beard(Oldschool barbers from the 50s and 60s would do this for up to 10 minutes in order to soften the beard to a point where the hair just literally melts off during the shave).  No other barber in Las Vegas goes this far to satisfy their clients! Ray then puts the hot towel over the lather, to open the pores and further soften the hair. This step is important because it brings the root of the hair to the surface, so that a shadow won't be visible after the shave.  Because this is a REAL pre 1960s-era barbershop, the 2nd shave is not done with lather instead it's done with some type of lotion(another lost art that modern barbers neglect).  The technique that Ray holds his blade is at the highest elite level.  Because of his pre shave preparations and the fact that his technique is so beautiful, he did not have to use pre-shave oils.   The younger barbers use pre-shave oils to compensate for their lack of technique. Like I mentioned earlier, Ray doesn't use oils because his technique is quite flawless.  I NEVER felt the blade against my skin, and if my eyes were closed I would have never known I was being shaved.Ray actually administers a real 1960s style shave. The rockabilly places don't do this, they actually administer a modern 14-step shave.  Some of the most notable vintage procedures is that the barber roll slaps the aftershave onto your face, and then they massage your neck. The neck massage is a pre 1970s method used by barbers to loosen up a client who had been laying down for over 30 minutes. The roll-slap was a technique used by WW2 era barbers in America to wake up the skin, it's a long lost art. I particularly enjoyed it though.After your shave he uses another hot towel to reopen your pores and that's when he applies the menthol rub. Due to your pores being wide open from the hot towel, the menthol gets deep into your skin, and even an hour later you will still be feeling that amazing cooling sensation. After all the hot lather, hot towels, aftershaves, and the razor gliding down your skin, at that moment your skin is going to feel very hot. It's then when he applies the final cold towel that extinguishes the hot sensation. For some reason, the way Ray did this felt amazing and was the perfect ending to an already perfect shave. They actually use running hot water to heat up their towels. Now that's REAL OLDSCHOOL! The newer places that claim to be "old school", use those generic hot towel warmers. The barbers here stick to 50s-60s protocol and they go way out of their way to do more than the minimum, they don't ever cut corners!! I would rather come here any day of the week over High Roller Barbershop for 3 reasons: no 2 hour wait, A real vintage barber on staff(not a hipster with an ironic mustache pretending to be rockabilly for the $$), and no meth addicts asking for money outside the door. Also, this place ain't just for men to get shaves...I've seen some of your profile pictures and a lot of you chicks have a lot of testosterone. You may also wanna get a shave here as well. Oh and I almost forgot to mention...Thank you Drew and Victoria for putting on this event.
1	First let me say that the quality of work was amazing here. The two barbers that cut my hair in the past both did top notch work. Unfortunately they do not run the shop. The reason I am giving this shop 1 star is because the owner closes the shop whenever he feels like it to get out before 5pm. Every time I have been here the owner has started turning people away as early as 3:30 pm (there were only 3 people waiting to get their hair cut and there was another barber working) i was excited to find this place but with my unpredictable schedule i do not have time to play the "guess when we close" game.
5	Bring cash. Arrive early. Bring a fully charged phone. Love the small town feel of downtown Henderson. Love the barbers here, if you have a favorite make sure you keep tabs of when they're working!!
2	Not great. I usually go to Hi Rollers on Charleston, but I live in Henderson so thought I would try out this shop based on the good reviews. The vibe is cool - very retro old school. I arrived when they opened and there were six guys waiting and one barber. One more person arrived at 9:30 and the other two strolled in at 10:00. I get that it is a barber shop and you're supposed to hang out but it was bad business. I told the barber exactly what I wanted and he replied "I'll just cut it medium" and did absolutely nothing I asked for. All I got was a two hour wait, a bad haircut, and a lighter wallet. Next time I'll make the trip to the professionals.
3	Got to the shop around 9:30, only 2 barbers were present (there's only 4 chairs) waited about 2 hours till I finally sat down for my cut then a 3rd barber walked in. The cut from Ray was decent and had a good convo  with him as well. I do not like that they accept walk ins ONLY.
5	This is an old school barber.  No computers, no appt's, just walk ins, cuts and shaves.  I've had cuts from Steph, my boy Danny, and ole school Ray.  Haven't got one from George though.  I don't think the dude has time for me.  I do notice they like to get out of there as early as possible (5PM on weekdays), but I guess who doesn't.  It's just tough to get in at times even when you walk in at 3PM.  I think the place is a work in progress.  For example, Steph cut my hair right when she started and it wasn't great.  However, I got it cut again from her two weeks ago, and it was damn near perfect!  Good job!  Ray is great and consistant.  Danny is awesome too.  The shop is looking better and better.  Just hope they extend their hours a bit (maybe stay open late one night a week).  I'll be going back every three weeks though.  Keep it up George.
5	A friend of mine from school recommended this place. Went and checked it out and I was not disappointed. Staff is awesome. Has a great vintage look. Very clean. First come first served. There is a liquor cabinet. I always feel very welcome when I come, and I always leave very happy with my cuts.  Danny is especially good with longer hair styles from what I'm told, so I go to him. I get a fade w/ taper, a hard part, and often get my beard and mustache trimmed.  No place in the valley beats the price, but be sure to bring cash.
5	I just left there about an hour ago! BEST haircut I've ever gotten. Jorge cut my hair and did a flawless job. Love the shop too, it has an old school feel to it. Danny and Jorge were the only guys cutting when i was there. Cool guys and way easy to talk to. It's refreshing to have a good barber shop close to home finally. If you want a great haircut with a friendly staff with a great price, this is the spot! (This is the second review I've written, these guys deserve recognition)
4	Somedays I wonder why I even stay on Yelp. I'm so burnt out on the whole community, and I don't particularly fit in here with the keyboard warriors self hating asian guys with their inferiority complexes, that just talk hot garbage but too scurred to put their ugly pug mugs on the internet. I think its hilarious how some reviewer below me talks shit about Hi Rollers Barbershop and alludes to it being some poser rockabilly spot.. I doubt he knows where Jorge has worked before and who he is homies with. Ah well you can't please all the internet thugs of Vegas.. save it for the birds.Corny azz Yelpers and jokes aside I've been to Downtown Vintage more than a handful of times within the past year or two already and they are definitely one of the better barbers on the South side of town. Even though service can be uneven at times amongst some of the other barbers, Jorge the owner has typically taken pretty good care of me. In addition to chopping it up they carry some fine pomades (Shiner Gold, Suavecito, Classic Heritage and Steadfast were the brands I can list off the top of my head.) and occasionally hold carshows/meets.If anyone else knows where you'll get all caught up with your ESPN scores while listening to Chi-Lites, Smokey Robinson and other throwback old school r&b please do let me know. Otherwise you'll know where I'll be when I need my fix!
5	If you want to step back, and step into old school service, friendly hospitality and quality. This is the place. Refreshing to see this place! If you not around old Henderson it's worth the drive. Cash only!
5	I just got home from there for my second cut with these guys. Again, they were amazing! The wait was a bit long but not unbearable. It was a fun wait because everyone was talking together and stuff. It reminded me a lot like a barber shop in a movie! Now for the cut! I got my hair cut by Stephanie! She took her time and did a great job! She definitely wanted me to leave there happy and i definitely did. She made sure that i was getting the best haircut possible. We had good conversation with Danny also. I read a review that said that they try to get out of there as fast as possible and that definitely is not the case. The shop closed at 5 today and i was in there till 7:30. They took every one of us and the best part was Stephanie and Danny didn't seem in a hurry. They were happy to do it!I again, recommend this place to everyone! Great haircuts, great conversation, and a great environment.
5	This is your Old School Barber Shop.  4 chair shop in the Old Down Town Henderson Water St. Across from  El Dorado Casino. If your in a hurry this is not the shop for you. These Barbers use Hot Towels ,straight Razor around the ears and Neck. If you need a shave?- Ray is your Man.  Danny cut my hair and "The Boy has Skills"!Like I said before. If your in a Hurry this is not Super Cutt's. If your kids don't behave, this is not the place for you. Wait time in chair is 25-35min. Shop is closed on Sundays for nowCash Only.
2	I came here to shave my beard for my 21st and the guy gave me pretty bad razor burn and a good sized nick on my neck.
4	Long wait, but worth the while. Went early Wednesday afternoon thinking it would be slow, but little did I know. They cut it high and tight. Bravo!!  Reminds me of going to the barber shop with my dad. There was a cool one on Rancho and Charleston. Wonder if it's still there?
4	Alright so my second time coming here was way better than my last visit, although I got there at 8:40 I thought I'd be early and beat the rush, nope I was wrong Ray was by himself and there was already three guys waiting wich I was kind of annoyed by because the shop opens at "9", so of course I waited about and hour then Danny showed up he was awesome really took his time loved the hot towel prep for the razor lineup it was the icing on the cake! It was worth the wait but I just really really wish I could make an appointment instead of waiting!!! Im sure most can agree time is precious!
5	Girlfriend/Mom/Bae/Boo/Wifey/Side chick/Baby mama (?!) tired of your 90's grunge, slovenly appearance? Well you've come to the right place! I wish they did appointments because like any decent barbershop you (still) gotta wait like 2-3 hours but hey where else are you gonna find a quality haircut and get your pomade on this side of town? All and all, they're a great group who remain active in the barber community with a regular presence at events and throwing carshows throughout the year. Keep doing what ya'll are doing guys (and gal)!
5	Great Place !!!!!!!!!
4	Discovered this shop while doing a search on Yelp, family and I were in town for the weekend.My Husband went in for his usual cut (see pic attached) and they did a great job, very professional and love the old feeling this saloon has! Wish they had a location in San Diego!
