4	Funky little modern furniture shop.  Don't know if it's really what I would qualify as design.  Or even if it's within reach!  But, if you are into that modern funk, "Whoomp, there it is," right on N. Scottsdale Road.  Great stuff if you are doing an office remodel.  I totally fell in love with the silver Aeron Herman Miller chair.  Yummy yum yum.
1	I really wanted to like this store. I checked out their website and knew exactly which sofa I wanted to buy. When I went in the store to ask questions, the salesperson was initially friendly and helpful. However, when the phone rang, she answered it and got into a long conversation with the person about shipping, travel, the weather, etc. I waited over 15 minutes and she didn't acknowledge the fact I was waiting for her. I finally left. I didn't get my sofa and she didn't make a sale. Perhaps they were short-staffed or it was just an off day, but I won't be going back there again.
5	Great customer service, we've bought a bunch of stuff with Summer. She's fantastic. Highly recommend her.
5	I'm not reviewing this store; I was connected with DWR customer service in/near Scottsdale while trying--and failing--to order a small Min table online. My review is of DWR's outstanding customer service rep, Ted Holbert. (It needs to be said that several other DWR reps did not follow through with any efforts to help me sort this out, so I was very happy to be connected with Ted.) The issue: the site was declining the order but DWR said it had many tables in stock. Anyway, Ted did the research, stayed in touch over multiple emails/phone calls, resolved the problem--it was an internal DWR problem--told me what to do on delivery in case things didn't pan out as anticipated, and in general did an amazing job. Since DWR seems somewhat disorganized as a company, and still has a pretty uneven web site, esp for a design company, I suspect they do not realize what a gem they have in Ted. Also, just to say--the table arrived and even though 2 of the holes to secure the top to the base are misaligned at least by an inch, the other 2 are in the right place, the top is secured adequately, and the table looks terrific. But this rating is about Ted, who gets five stars.
