3	This is a pretty standard food court Subway with supra-standard prices. I guess that's what one should expect here on the strip. Certainly one can get a footlong sub for 1/3-1/4 the price of a buffet - but do you really come all the way to Vegas just to end up eating at subway?!Well, if you're on a budget and looking for a healthier option than Sbarro, Panda Express, Johnny Rocket's, or if you're actually tired of gorging yourself at the Bellagio buffet - or if you're like me and all of the above apply, then yes. Subway it is.
1	At the Subway in Ballys I met an extremely rude food server. I asked to try the broccoli soup. The soup was all cream so I asked him why. He said we are out and I asked if he was getting more. He said well it will take a few minutes. I said ok I will wait. He rolled his eyes came back and said we don't have any need to thaw it out. I said ok how long. He again shrugged and said will be awhile. The female working said the soup is often watery just comes that way sometimes. I said to Saui if you don't care and don't want to sell me soup just say so but to date you are the rudest person I have met in Vegas. His response was there are other Subways in town go find one. I am shocked a brand such as Subway can employ 2 rude and non trained staff.
2	This was the worst subway experience. Amazingly skimpy with veggies.  They added 2 slices of each veggie for a foot long sandwich. Very sad
2	Ordered a 12" tuna sub.  The sandwich maker went out of her way to make sure that I didn't get any extra tuna, going so far as to scrape any tuna clinging on the outside of the scoop onto the storage bin side. 12" tuna sub with meal deal= $13.00.  Most expensive I have ever bought.  Never again at this location.
3	We wanted to get a quick bite as we didn't have much time to go to a restaurant before going to the airport so came to the food court in Bally's.  The food court has been renovated since I last came and the seating area is nicer.  The Subway wasn't busy and it's Subway, so I know what I would be getting.  The prices are higher than I have seen but cheaper than a restaurant.  I ordered the foot long sweet onion chicken teriyaki for $9.75.  Service was quick, and they gave me ample vegetables and sauce on my sub.  Quick service and Subway quality.  Come if you want a quick and fast meal.
