2	A friend suggested this place. I need to call him back and ask WHY!?! They actually patted my husband down! Now, admittedly, he is a little intimidating looking, but wth? The "sports bar: name is misleading, it was not really geared towards the sports fan. Anyway, it was definitely wasn't for me. I gave it the extra star because signs in the place said there was a hip hop DJ and dancing on weekend nights, so I suppose if that's what you were looking for it would be an OK place...
4	This place was the best dive to go to when I lived down the street.  The Draft House was never the place I wanted to frequent on the weekends.  Later at night and on the weekends is certainly when you'll be patted down.  That's the universal sign for u-turn and leave.  If you're looking for a place to hang out after work and during football, it fits the bill.  Try the wings.  They are excellent.  I haven't had better wings ANYWHERE.  They are meaty, not breaded with many flavors to choose from.  The Draft House makes a decent pizza also.  Do not go here for music/dancing (late night and weekends) unless you're into the cougars.  If you are into that, this is where you need to be.  After the pat-down from the bouncers, you'll get a different style of pat-down from the cougars.
3	On a whim, my buddy from work recommended lunch here awhile back. So I decided to give it a try. Typical bar food, but the special is one dozen wings for 4 bucks. Now let me tell you, I love wings. A lot. Hence the weight problem. Especially when they come Cajun style. So I can be honest and tell you, that the Cajun wings, after being thoroughly tested, are damn good. Haven't tried anything else here in 2 months, so I can't tell you about anything else, but it looks good when other people are eating it. So maybe this review has been zero help in choosing whether you visit here.  I'm sorry.  But if you like cajun wings, give this place a try.
2	A dive.Stopped in for a beer.  Its a dive.
4	This is an ok little spot on the weekends if u like hip hop. Reminds me of bars back in my hometown of Cleveland. Very laid back and casual. People from AZ might call it hood.... But I have no issues with it:)  I can have a good time anywhere I go. I will be going there again soon:)
5	cheap two for ones every Friday and Saturday.  The Wings are to die for and always playing some good music
5	New owners took over this place a little over a week ago and they know what customer service is all about..it's refreshing to stop in and find the owner mingling with their customers and making sure they are enjoying themselves and asking for suggestions on how to make the place a better experience.The food is amazing,especially the wings..If you haven't been there lately it deserves another look, with the new owners you will be pleasantly surprised!
4	I had been here last year during football and vowed not to return after seeing the state of the bathrooms. Heard there were new owners and the first thing they did was fix them. Saw the Yelp coupon and decided to give them another try. Met the new owner who was really nice. They are trying new things including a country night on Fridays which I will definitely check out. Service was great and plenty of wing flavors to choose from. Onion rings were awesome.
4	New owners are very nice cleaned up the place really well david d and gina are great bartenders
2	Maybe because it's a Sunday or a brand new menu but service was extremely slow!  Server was a nice lady. However there were literally 3 other customers in the bar.   Food is average. Your typical bar food.  Very selected ( burger, grilled ham and cheese) however beer is cheap and cold!!!! Just order 2 at time cause it may take a while to get that second drink!
4	I went to see my friend's band play - Bench Warrant.  I used to go to the draft house a lot after work, and always liked it.  I walked in, found a seat, and was promptly greeted and had a delicious beer in my hand within a few short minutes.  I decided to order a snack, and ordered the mix of onion rings, carrots, cheese sticks, etc.  It was delicious - especially the onion rings!  I do miss the beef tacos they used to have on the menu - with homemade salsa.  Maybe the new owners will bring those back.  This is still a great place to hear music and sit with friends.
4	Great environment for Sunday football. Wings are delicious. Avoid the garlic parmasean fries. They are hyped up but have no real flavor
4	Excellent big wings - good happy hour.
1	Been there friday and saturday nights and to sum it all up, never again.
5	I love dive bars, and when I walked into the Draft House, I knew I found my new spot! By far the best wings in the East Valley. I recommend the Lemon Pepper Medium. They have a massive amount of flavors, all of which can be mixed. The wings are nice and meaty, and always crisp to perfection. Great drink and beer selection. Always a nice PBR special! Ermahgerd!!!They have pub style poker there with a huge group of people that play. Lots of tvs, not all updated, but it is a dive bar as I mentioned, so they keep it classy and old school. One of the cooler features that is new is being able to control the jukebox from your smartphone, so you can discreetly throw on your favorite Justin Bieber hit from the comfort of your barstool. (I saw you singing though, I know who you are.)Make sure you check em out soon. Eat wings, drink PBR, and throw on some guilty pleasure music from your smartphone.
4	Great prices on food and drinks.  Great live music.  No Cab, only Merlot.
1	I wish they had a zero star option. I've been out to Arizona, from California, a few times now. Last month I went to Mill Ave and had an awesome time... but last night I went to this place and wow. Apparently looking Caucasian and classy gets you treated horribly by the other patrons. I can't even describe the amount of ghettoness that surrounded me. A girl tried to fight me over holding a seat while my friend stepped away for 3 minutes, people were openly smoking weed on the patio, and I saw 2 fights almost happen in the bathroom. On top of that, when you try to strike up casual conversation with men or women, you get either crazy looks or attitudes. I think the only reason people don't get stabbed or shot in here is because they use the metal detector wand at the door, and obviously for a reason considering their type of customers. Oh, and one of the bartenders was rude... an old white guy. Side note, I helped my boyfriend run a business for quite a few years and I'm pretty shocked that the yelp owner for this business left a sarcastic comment in response to someone's review here. First, I'm seriously confused that so many people give this place a good review, and second, as a business owner, you should never respond to customers like that. Very immature and definitely indicative of why your business is the second most ghetto place I've ever walked in to. Considering I spent quite a bit of time in South Central LA, that says something about your establishment and customers.
5	Best wings in the east valley.... hands down. Dingy sports bar and you won't be disappointed with the WINGSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!
4	I have been going to the Reef since 2008(The Drafthouse). Love the food and the drinks are bomb. I do not like partying in Scottsdale because of the fake, I am too stuck up to talk to you people. This is a down home place that you can chill, eat, watch a game, and even party if that is your thing.  My recommendation is the Spicy Ranch Wings..........followed by an amf (aLCOHOLIC BEVERAGE).
3	If you go friday pretty good happy hour and the WINGS are the best ever !!!! I used to be a faithful saturday night girl there, even met my husband there "crazy" ... but now I will never go there on a saturday again ... super ghetto and since new owner the drinks became horrible... and that was one thing i loved for 20 bucks a couple drinks and dancing was a great night. The waitress's all got super bad attitudes and over charge... so if you go on a saturday be prepared to see gang bangers.... hootchie regects from the could not make it at the strip club .... and do not order from the waitress... wait in the line for the bartender.. why pay even more for a crappy drink... and I don't think its the bartenders fault its the new owner!
2	My wife and I used to go there all the time in the early afternoon when it was the Draft House, always got great service.  Then it really went hip hop and ghetto.   Would never think of going at night.   Even in the day we had to sit and listen to the Juke box play itself every 5 minutes with hip hop trash.Got so we couldn't take it so we stopped going,  even though the bartender mgr  if she is still there is very special to us.  Have not been there in some time.    Hip hop ruined what was supposed to be a sports bar.The wings were great, and the fish tacos, thus the 2 stars.
4	This place is a dive, and it's dank, and it's dark, and I don't care.  It's called The Reef and I'm glad they changed the name because "Draft House" would imply that they had a great selection of draft beers (they don't).All of that, and still 4 stars?  Well you see, their wings are stellar.  This isn't a recommendation from some schlub who thinks all wings are just the best...you all know that guy....he eats a dozen wings that look cold and slimy and says "They're not bad!".  No, I'm a wing connoisseur, having traveled far and wide to find the best wings in the city, and I can safely say these are Top 3 Wings.Better than Native's mediocre dreck.  Better than Buffalo Wild Wing's garbage.  Better than most of your sports bars that have won awards (looking at you, Half Moon).  Better than ATL Wings across the street? ....ehhhh probably not.  But still, stellar, big, well-cooked wings with a GREAT hot sauce.  And try the Donkey Sauce, it'll kick the shit out of you.
1	I took my other half here for fathers day to try the wings, I ordered a grilled chicken salad. It was the worst salad EVER! I couldn't even eat the chicken on it. If thats what it was. It had grill marks on it but tasted boiled, microwaved, dry, and absolutely no taste for $8 bucks. I let the waitress know that the chicken needed improvement as she took my full un-eaten plate away. She laughed and said that's why she orders the breaded.  Really?  Won't go outta my way to eat there again.  BTW the wings were about a 7/10. Since we had other plans, I went hungry the rest of the afternoon.
3	**This review is for Saturday nights only. Any other day is like your typical dive bar**Haven't been here in 2 years. Nothing has really changed. Went last Saturday, the wings were decent not like they use to be though. Maybe because they were overly fried. Same Saturday crowd as I remember. If you're uncomfortable around a lot of "hood" people I use that term loosely on a Saturday night stay away. If you don't like1. Rap music being played loudly2. Being at a place with no dress code3. Around more urban people (being politically correct here) Stay away it's pointless for you to come just so you can complain. Drinks are cheap they have drink specials all night. Kitchen is open until 1am.They have a dance floor and people usually dance and have a good time. They don't start charging at the door until 9pm. So if you get there before 9pm no cover and they give you a band so you can leave and then come if you want. I don't know what the waitress name was but she's been there since I've first went there 3 years ago. (she's the thicker one w/ brown hair) if you get her please give her a nice tip she's the best one there. Otherwise I already know I'll be back no time soon though lol I might see how it is during football season on a Sunday they have plenty tv's there.
5	I go to The reef two times a month on Friday nights. The parmesan garlic wings are my favorite and the fish fry is a good choice as well. The staff is always friendly and on top of things. The live music on Friday nights is real good too. Not too loud and a fun mix of old & new rock blues & Motown.
1	Really simple order and they were way off simple fries w/ garlic Parmesan missed by a mile!!!
1	Really simple order and they were way off simple fries w/ garlic Parmesan missed by a mile!!! To little to say about a bad thing!!  Beer taste old!!!!!! Wow people rate this bar way to highLess really if you want to know overall my true experience you should call me! I've reviewed many restaurants and bars and my reviews always start with "I'm looking for success!" My experience doesn't bias me it actually the honest feed back that you get from me that the CUSTOMERS THAT WALK OUT TO NEVER COME BACK!!
4	I walked through the door at The Reef last night and felt it instantly. You know what I mean. That thing that a lot of bars don't have. And it's all quite simple, my friends. The staff at The Reef LIKE their customers. Hell, they might even LOVE their customers. L & I met L's cuz at The Reef for a little poker fun and loved how we were made to feel part of the family. Free Texas Hold 'Em tournaments were taking place at most of the tables and yes, I said free. No cover charge, no minimum required purchase, just lots of fun. L was quickly welcomed in to the game while I played spectator/fan/cheering squad/student.Shot specials abound and the wings are killer. We tried the Hot and I believe the Spicy Ranch (dry rub?). After finishing off a dozen of the Hot L and I said to each other, "Great but could be hotter. Let's try Donkey Hot." Stupider words were never spoken! Actually, the Donkey Hot is really tasty but really hot. L only managed to get one down before breaking out in a sweat. Cuz had to beat that and eat two. Guess who smoked them both? That's right...this girl!! I ate six before calling it quits but only because I was full. Seriously. For reals. Um, actually going back to the stupider words were never spoken comment....be careful the next day because that donkey will kick you in the ass!As for the staff at The Reef, those girls are amazing. They are on top of things, they run their butts off, they joke with customers, they keep orders straight and all while seemingly enjoying their job! Thanks for a fun night, guys!
5	Amazing wings and their Tuesday night wing specials are 50 cents a piece. Saturday's there is a DJ. This place overall comes off a bit shady to me... The customers... I don't let that stop me from enjoying good food!
5	The best wings in the Valley and a very friendly staff!  It's always very clean which is huge in my book.  My girlfriend and I go about every week to get our wing and beer fix.  Now that my football season is over we'll have to come up with another reason to ditch our men and I'm guessing that's watching the Thunder play.
