5	I like this place it is like McDonald's but better I have been to a couple different ones before and they are all good. When I lived out in Az we use to go here. The whataburgers are great try the bacon and cheese whataburger and so are the whatachick'n. I havnt tried the breakfast yet so next time I am out there i will try it.
1	Ok, let me assure you that you should stay far, far, FAR away from this location. Granted, I have been to no Whataburger! since this location (which I tried twice since it is right across the road from were I live), but both experiences were SO bad that I will probably never try again. Let me start off by saying that both visits were identical, in every way. And both visits were terrible, in every way. Why did I give it another shot? Everyone has bad days. Now, I'm not really a big fan of fast food, but as I said earlier, it's right across the road from where I live, and we're all creatures of convenience from time to time, so why not? I pulled into the drive-thru, up the screen and was friendly greeted. I assessed the menu, as I always do, for probably one second too long, before I decided on one of the meals, which was I believe a cheeseburger meal of some sort. There was a huge sign offering a new lemon pie. I wanted to try a lemon pie. It sounded good, I like lemon stuff, why not? "Sorry, we're out of lemon pies." Not quickly forgetting the large sign advertising the lemon pies, I reluctantly parted ways with the pipe dream that was: lemon pie. I drove directly up to the window with no wait (curiously uncommon in retrospect) and my money was taken quickly, change returned quickly. So far so good (aside from the bitter conclusion of the great lemon pie saga). But wait my friends, this is where the fun begins. As I part with my money, the window begins to close. Soon to be the barrier between myself and my impending dinner for an excess of 10 minutes. I wait, and I wait, and I wait some more. I see the woman who took my money pass by several times, no eye contact. And even though it cannot be expressed in writing how long it actually felt like waiting for this meal, it was a really long time. Think about the longest time you've ever waited at a fast food window for your food. Multiply that by at least 2, but most likely 3 or 4. That's how long I waited. Maybe one more second for extra emphasis. Finally, I was handed my meal, and I peeled off, extremely frustrated over this scenario. Oh, and of course the meal was absolutely terrible. And I do mean terrible. Old, cold and full of mold. Well probably, I mean it might as well have been.Anyway, a month or so later, I was hungry, nothing sounded good or convenient, when in the distance, loomed the W I had begrudgingly renamed WheresMyBurger? Ok, Ok I thought to myself. I'll give them one more chance. Pulled up to the window, picked out another meal, a chicken sandwich this time, I think, and yes you guessed it, a lemon pie. Guess what? They were fully stocked with lemon pies. Just kidding, out again. I wanted to drive away right there, but was hungry and decided to wait. Maybe it'll be quicker. Nope, as long as last time. And the food was even worse.So in conclusion, and proceeding most likely the longest fast food review you have ever read, I urge you, fellow food eaters, to stay far, far away.
5	I love their Green Chile Double & the fact that I can get it in Jr. size!! Excellent, fast location.
5	I never thought I'd review a fast food joint, but this place deserves it because of the SERVICE!For a fast food joint, they have workers always checking on you for drinks, sauces etc. And the burgers here are much better than any fast food spot. And this being a sit down spot that's 24/7, can't go wrong.The second time we came here we went through the drive through. Person was very polite. We let them know how impressed we were with there service there, especially it being a "fast food" Spot. Badda BOOM! Free meal coupons to come back. If you just partied in Tempe/Mesa, skip Fillibees for once and peep this spot out. Cant go wrong with a Jalapeno burger lol.
5	I am very impressed how the manager took care of us after there was an issue. That show great  customer service skills. I wish there was a whataburger in California and I would want him as the manager. Thanks for a great burger as always.
3	While the burger I had (Whataburger Jr.) was just OK, I enjoyed the onion rings and malt here. The onion rings were made with whole slices of onion, rather than that nasty onion paste that other fast food places like Burger King use now. I had a chocolate malt, which tasted a bit like a Whopper candy. The burger was a little smashed when it came to me, and was lukewarm. The meat tasted meh, and the bun was a little soggy on the bottom. There was a thin, wilted piece of lettuce in it. But hey, it's fast food, and I only paid $3 for it, what do I expect?Service was fast and friendly. Our food and drinks were served in no time. I'll give Whataburger another shot, but for now, their burgers play second fiddle to their sides and drinks.
3	The food is really good there but the drive thru takes FOREVER. Wow! Not good if you have a short lunch break.I would recommend getting the bacon avocado burger but it may be faster to just go in, order and leave instead of going through the drive thru.
5	Open 24/7, firendly staff and the burguers there rock!!!
5	Hamburguers here are really good, nothing compared to McDonald's...
5	Ate here for the fist time a month ago and loved it been there around 4 others times and still not a complaint , reasonable priced convenient location just a good place to take the fam or to swing in for a quick lunch
1	terrible less than mediocre burgers, after waiting nearly 30 minutes through drive thru, which wasn't the issue,  i just can't grasp how you can get my order wrong after having 30 minutes to prepare it. I ordered 2 simple bacon cheeseburgers medium combos, the result; tasteless and dry, not worth my patience,  fries were fine.
4	It's fast food but their price on the small malt makes me come back.  When you don't want or need something huge and too calorie laden, the small malt fills the bill at $2.39. The employees are always very nice, too.  I've had the Chicken tenders and the burger, both were okay but not wonderful, to-die-for, can't-wait to-come-back good.  Just okay.  But they weren't bad either.  But their malts are delicious without breaking the bank.  Now excuse me while I go deal with my brain freeze.
4	Staff here seem to be well managed. Recently had a mistake with my order and the manager took care of it right away. No hesitation and did it all with a great attitude. Some of my worst experiences have been with fast food places so it's refreshing and reassuring when I find a place that I enjoy going to. Good food AND good service is a great thing no matter where is comes from.
5	Just got the first food I've had today due to a long work day and the gal.at the drive thru was so nice and cheerful it made my day. Best way to end the night with a good burger and a pleasant and quick experience.
1	I love Whataburger! But this location, which I visit at least once if not twice a day, has become the very slowest ever possible Whataburger in town! It is been that way for several months. And they don't seem to have a clue that they need to fix it.
5	Food is amazing as always. Love the prices. All employees have great customer service!
1	...continues to be the slowest drive through in Maricopa County. If it wasn't the closest one to me, I wouldn't come here at all.  Is there anyone in Whataburger management that can get this restaurant back to speed?
