4	A goddamn castle of booze.Annoying staff though.  Picked up $50 worth of beer and wine for a party  and they gave me hassle about ice.
4	This place is a mecca for college students.  Definitely a little bit more expensive than places that aren't so close to campus, just because they know a lot of Madison students don't have access to transportation.  I've never come out of here empty handed.
5	Riley's is a large liquor store with a good selection. They have a very helpful "mix-and-match" 6 bottles of beer sale, and since there's a large amount of Belgian beer, that's a good thing!  Wine is of a wide variety and includes Wisconsin wines as well. While I never purchased any sake, there was a good selection of that. Basically, for those living in downtown Madison, this is the first liquor store to seek out.
4	If you haven't been to Riley's, you haven't been to Madison. Or is it the university or the capitol? Anyway, my two cents:Great beer selection, and I kid you not when I say that. They've beers from all over the place and they even carry one of my favorite Paulaner beers that usually aren't carried in other stores. Their wine selection is also vast and so's all the other liquor varieties. Prices aren't necessarily the cheapest, but they're not overpriced either.The only place where I find the variety to be any better would be Woodman's, but that's not so easy to access in the downtown area.
5	Four and a half coolers from which to create your own six pack. Beer heaven! We thought we were going to have to decide on a few varieties to take home, but instead we're going to play tastemaster all week! (note to self -  buy onion rings and cheese dip)
4	Hello, alcohol empire!Riley's has an amazing selection and a lot of great quality booze. My significant other really prefers this place to the other available places near the campus and I like coming here as well.This place is the best for variety, but service here is mediocre at best. However, there's only things you can find here compared to Miller's or the OP, and they know it, so it's a little pricier.
4	Beer - very good variety, fair prices. Best place to get a keg in Madison. Check for the sale kegs - they are in the $50 range.Liquor - Arguably the best liquor selection in Madison. Prices are a bit high, so go to Woodman's if you want to buy in bulk. The upstairs has an amazing portfolio of niche liquors - so make sure to visit. The employees are generally friendly; some of them are extremely knowledgeable so don't be afraid to ask for suggestions.Otherwise, they always have random beer, wine, and discontinued liquor on sale - love it. Some of the beer is skunky, but I just got a case of Sparks for $8.99 today. Win (I hope).
5	If you are in Madison this is the place to go. Some of these brews I'd never heard of, and one of the beer reps was a big help, and put me on to some Double Crooked Tree, and Scottie Karate. Excellent selection
4	Really good wine selection and by far the best place in Madison to go for that rare, extra special bottle.  I always enjoy browsing upstairs
5	In terms of purchasing retail booze, Riley's is likely the best you'll find in Madison. Important points:-It's conveniently located right off of State Street with a small parking lot.-A true mecca of beer, wine and liquor - in all price points and sizes. -I am always extra impressed by their wine selection and it's all separated by either location or type (i.e. Spanish wine and/or pinot noir). -Prices are pretty much right on the money with a very small mark up for convenience. -Employees are friendly for the most part...frankly, I haven't needed much help or service when I've run in for a bottle or two. -If you're looking for a random type of wine or beer, it's a good chance they'll have it. Just ask!Yay for Riley's...you got me through a good portion of business stats when I was in college. I'm happy to patron this place every time I return to Madison.
4	Great selection of both MicroBrews and wines.
4	Riley's has a great beer selection and a fantastic location. I am a big fan of the make your own six pack, and the discount that comes with it!  There is a very wide variety of singles to choose from.Every time I venture in, there's something new to try.   I haven't ventured into the upstairs-- my time in Madison has been mostly a beer exclusive drinking affair, and that's contained on the first floor as far as I know -- but I've heard the selection of rarer wines and spirits is excellent.There is a down side to this wonderland of booze.  Every time I try to engage the employees (for a recommendation, to see if something specific is in stock, or just idle chitchat as I'm being checked out) I feel like I'm inconveniencing them.  I don't want to be your best friend, guy, I just want some idle banter about this beer I'm consistently dropping money on! Still, for convenience and selection, I'll deal with silent visits, although I won't stop trying to engage!
3	This place is crazy.  It has always been busy when I've stopped in, and it's clear why.  They have a helpful staff, huge selection, and reasonable prices.  The one thing that could make it better would be a larger parking lot.  If you're coming to pick something up on any weekend evening, I recommend coming by foot or bike because parking gets limited.  In the past I have had to wait 5-10 minutes in my idling car before a spot became available.
5	Outstanding selection of beer, which is great for me. All the crafts you could want. Coming from Chicago, I was pumped to see so many great Wisconsin-only beers that I can't get in Illinois. I also appreciate the make-your-own-six-pack deal and that you can buy single 12-ounce bottles. Not a lot of stores allow this.Would go here all the time for my beer needs if I lived in Madison. Will go back when I'm visiting again.
4	Best selection around, by far. Whenever I am looking for a new seasonal or limited release beer, I come here. If you can't find something, ask the staff. They will either be glad to help, or kind of blow you off it really depends on the day.Prices are pretty high, considering UAL down the street has a lot of the stuff for a couple bucks cheaper, but I guess you're paying for having the selection. 3 coolers of singles priced $1.49-$2.49 and you get a 10% discount for buying 6 or more. Also the only liquor store near campus that (sometimes) has 40's.I was originally going to give this place 3 stars, but then remembered they have a twitter feed that is constantly updated with new beer arrivals and recommendations; some businesses don't know how much of an advantage they get just by using social media. Good job on that, guys!
5	This is the best place to come for wine and beer! They have an amazing wine selection, based on type, country, and different price points. I always spend a bunch of time wandering around, as once I'm in here I change my mind thirty times as to what wine I want to buy. It's an issue, so I always budget at least 20-30 minutes spent here (seriously). Additionally, their beer selection is (IMO) the best one on campus. Tons of great brands as well as lesser known craft brews, and lots of single bottles to make your own 6 pack. Lastly, prices are very reasonable. Cheaper than Fresh, Cap Centre, and Sadhana. It's much easier to stop here on the way home than having to drive out to Copp's. Riley's is one of my favorites!
5	LOVE this place!  The selection is incredible, very well organized AND if you need a recommendation or help finding something, just ask one of the guys there. Everyone there is terrific.  My favorite guys are Genin, Matt and Ryan. They'll take good care of you. Also, if there is a wine, for ex, that you are looking for, if they don't have it in stock, they will order it for you.  Even though the parking area is very small, it is still my favorite "go to" place.
3	They have a large ray of liquor but every time I'm in there they never ask if I need help. I have to go over to the group of employees just talking to each other and ask. Yes Im well educated in my liquors but still sometimes it hard to find products cause It could be upstairs or on floor level.
5	My absolute go-to place for quality, high-end booze. Their selection cannot be beat. Prices are fair and on par with what you'll pay at 99% of the places around here. Parking is a pain, but the place is otherwise as solid as can be. A++++
