4	You know how some people go to Vegas because they don't have the time/money to go to Europe to see the real thing? Well, for those who can't make it to the Vatican, you can experience St. Peter's Basilica in this cathedral. I know it's not the same thing but it's a pretty darn good replica at just 1/4 the size.
4	Built as a vanity project of a Roman Catholic Monseigneur in the late 1890s, it is a replica of St. Peter's Basilica in Rome (both inside and out).  If you've never seen St. Peter's, then it's really impressive to see, but you won't be awed if you've seen the real thing in Rome.  This cathedral has been restored in the past and has ongoing restorations, so some of it  may be off limits when you go. It's got some grade A religious art and sculpture, so if you are an art lover, this is great place to see some up close. Be sure to pick up a guide/brochure detailing the history, art and architecture on the columns near the back of the nave.  (You might have to look for it.)  The tour of the church is better with it.It's located in downtown Montreal and is within walking distance of the Bonaventure Metro stop. You can access the metro through the basement of the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth next door. Like all churches, it's wheelchair accessible.  The cathedral is open throughout the day and there is no admission fee, but it's recommended that you give a donation for the general upkeep. It's worth a visit if you are an art or architecture fan, but you aren't going to regret missing it if you have limited time in Montreal or have already seen St. Peter's in Rome.
2	I would rather go to Rome and see the real thing, just a copy of Saint Peters Basilica...
4	Cha Cha's got it right.  Why go all the way to Vatican City to see St Peter's when there's a replica right here?  I've been to St Peter's and let me tell you - if you squint your eyes and lean your head to the left a bit, you'll swear you're right there...or not. But still, its a pretty darn good try at making St Peter's in a smaller form and is a lovely addition to Montreal.  Love the green roof and the nice little square it sits in which is lovely for sitting, sipping a coffee, and taking in the surroundings!
5	This is, hands down, one of the most amazing churches that I've ever been to in my life.  It's just so impressive in every way!  Seriously, just take five minutes to go walk inside and look around... it won't cost you a dime!  What's there to lose?  You can't help but be amazed by the architecture, the attention to detail, the grandeur of it all!  My poor journalistic skills cannot put into words how amazing this church is... so that's why I took some photos!   ^__^;;On the more logistical side of things, there's metered street parking nearby, a gift shop off to the side of the foyer, and homeless people will hold the door open for you, hoping for some spare change.  It's supposedly a 1/3 scale of St. Peter's Basilica in Rome.
5	Yes, this is a replica of St Peter's but it is beautiful and fascinating in it's own right.When we entered we were offered a free guided tour by Michael, a local college student studying history. I am thrilled that we took him up on his offer! He had keys to several of the chapels and areas of the church that visitors can not access on their own and he was a wealth of knowledge!!! He was able to provide us with lots of information about the church as well as Montreal's rich religious history. This really enhanced our visit!!
5	A very nice Cathedral that has a very similar feel to St Peter's in Vatican City. Quiet and elegant, this church is very well built and friendly but still remains humbling.
5	All I can really say is that this historical building is gorgeous. Enjoy the architectural beauty in silence and embrace it!
4	I walked around from old town to downtown and I was hoping to find this place. It's beautiful. There was mass going on and I did not go all the way in the front but was a great experience and nice to visit.
5	As stated by others, it's a replica of St. Peter's Basilica in Rome. It's right downtown and very convenient to the Metro. Lovely both inside and out.
