4	Downstairs!  The entrance is on the right side of the chicken joint above it.  What a wacky little bar!  And they have friendly people that are just as weird as you are.  Great place for conversing with patrons, the bartender or just hanging out.  Dare I say this is the first true dive bar I've discovered in Charlotte.  You "could" dance in here if it wasn't so tiny.  It gets packed quick and then nobody can move.I've noticed locals confusing dive bars with biker bars.  Both have their merits but  they are not the same!  Dive bars are cheap, have their own regulars and have been around forever.  Many are former speakeasies.  In the surliest of places, the bartenders drink as much as the patrons.  That's not the case at Jeff's because they run a respectable establishment. Oh right, and biker bars have a bunch of hogs parked outside and bikers drinking inside.  Get it?!  It's pretty simple. Where the two lifestyles sometimes intersect is at joints that refer to themselves as punk rock or heavy metal bars.  And I haven't found one of those in Charlotte just yet, but I'm still looking...
4	You walk into this little bar and feel its age. For some places, that's a negative... not here. Well-worn wood, small stage, blood red walls, its an old, classic aesthetic that immediately puts me at ease. The lingering smell of cigarettes (that will eventually air itself out after the first of the year) is no deterrent to ambling up to the bar and ordering one of the 4 tap beers they keep (guiness and harp, of course, along with blue moon and a bitey IPA) or a bottle of something else (domestics are cheap here, and they carry a SC brew I hadn't seen before). 3 TVs to watch if you want to catch a game here, but they're placed in a way that you can keep out of line of sight of 'em, if you'd like. Naked photo hunt et all at the end of the bar, if that's your thing as well (yay). Not a boutique bar, not an art bar, not a bar with any pretensions at all. Just a bar. Lovely.
3	Jeff's is an interesting little spot.  When I say little I am not speaking metaphorically - it is pretty tiny.  It is in a strip mall down some stairs behind a non-descript door.  There is a stage for some karaoke or other similar activity.  It is a good hang out spot, not at all pretentious.  They have a smattering of beers on tap.  When I was there they had 3 offerings from SweetWater, an Atlanta brewer.  Definitely a comfortable dive.
5	Not so sober review #339Dear Diary,I started drinking today in the most civilized way, bubbly with a girlfriend out of fancy, thrift store, vintage, bird bath champange glasses, oh la la la. Then went to a holiday bubbly tasting, snacks at Good Food on Montford, then all hell breaks loose.We are walking by Jeff's Bucket Shop, my friend says, "what's Jeff's Bucket Shop?" Well. I don't know, I could tell you exactly where it is, but have I been there? No. So, I was like, let's go find out.You walk down a narrow hallway with a HUGE neon lit arrow pointing to the door, OMG, you had me at HELLO!  We walk into a teeny tiny bar, with the bartender and a few patrons. Everyone is low key, but friendly. The bartender is super, super nice.  Oh Jeez, it's loaded with boys and there are some cute ones. Oh my. Yummy, little Debbie snack cakes and drink specials, nice barkeep and kaorake at 10p.  Sweet Jesus, give me the mike. but no, not even loaded with alcohol, I'm still too shy.I might say, now don't quote me tomorrow, but right now, I love you Jeff.
4	This is a hole in the ground kinda place... you heard me, I said ground not wall, considering you literally walk down a narrow stairwell to get to the little door in order to discover this little establishment.  By the way, I do mean LITTLE, I've seen someone's bathroom bigger than this joint.Let's be real peeps... this place is put in the "Dive Bar" category for a reason.  Besides, the place is called "Jeff's Bucket Shop,"  I seriously for the longest time don't even know of its existance... or what the heck Jeff is selling by the bucket, or if Jeff is trying to sell buckets, or who the heck is Jeff?!  So yes, there maybe a little weird smell (frankly I don't even pay attention to it, and I have a super good nose, but I do have high tolerance for "weird smell" courtesy of my heritage lol).  My personal suggestion is stop asking what the heck that smell is (because you probably don't want to know) and just keep drinking.I have been here mostly on Fridays and they have karaoke.  I think they have karaoke on other nights too.  Not sure if they always have the same host, and if he is the regular, let me warn you, he doesn't play... he will gong you off that stage like you're on Apollo if you are seriously tone-deaf.  This place gets packed.  So if you have issues with being too crowded, well... not sure if you want to sardine your way into here on a weekend night.  And again, if you are the high-er maintanence type, you may want to stick with your "safer" choices and go next door or across the street or uptown.  But honestly, it's always a good crowd, nice people having fun together, beer isn't too expensive, and I always have a blast here.
3	A small bar in a basement that smells like old beer and has really bad karaoke - surprisingly fun!  I am going to need to go back for a better review, but hey, I am not scared to go back.....
2	Went here a few weeks ago cause I've heard some funny stories about this place.  It was a Wed and pretty early so there was only about 12 customers there at the time.  YES this place definately has its own unique odor but be a good sport and just laugh it off as you chug that adult beverage.  There was karoke and the two I heard where quite unique themselves.   Since going I have heard recently they lost their liquour license but working to get it back.  I'd definately give it another try cause I'm sure there are some good times to be had there.
2	I hadn't been into Jeff's bucket shop in awhile. That place was probably 3-4 stars and a real unique experience. For those of you who haven't checked it out JBS has karaoke at least on Fridays if not other nights of the week and it's off of Montford near Park Road and Woodlawn. The Dj is entertaining and and the place is a total dive which I usually like. Recently it's lost it's liquor license so it's BYOB with cooling and corking fees. No problem with that but the place reeked last weekend. Hopefully they just overlooked it that one night. Please guys keep the place smelling clean and I'll give you some more stars next time.
3	Like several other reviewers have mentioned, I happened upon this place after grabbing a bite to eat at the Roasting Co.  I was with a girlfriend and we were curious as to what JBS was - so we tentatively crept down the stairs to check it out.   I like little dives that have character but on the night we were there, there were just a few regulars and we clearly didn't fit in so we didn't stick around long.However, I think this place would be a fun stop if you are bar-hopping with your friends Montford.
4	Holy shit I love this place.  Please keep in mind that I have only ever been here after several adult beverages.  This place smells like urine, the karaoke is outdated, and its FREAKING awesome.    It's definitely a nice change to the other frat-tastic bars on Monford.  I only suggest going here if you have no expectations, plan on drinking quite a bit, and want to have a good time.Cheers to the bucket shop!   The only basement in NC.
5	Excellent Karaoke bar... best I've ever been to.So, let's get this straight, this place is a dive bar, there are no ifs, ands, or buts about  it. The owners (who are great btw) have made some upgrades to it, and it's a little less dingy than it was before, but it definitely hasn't moved it into the upscale category, nor however has it really killed any of the charm.Small stage, great karaoke, the bar really gets into it. Good drink specials, PBRs are $1.50 every day (even though it isn't ever on the board) and the food is actually surprisingly good for bar food.Only two single stall bathrooms in the joint - one for guys and one for the ladies, but its small enough that the wait is never awful. The place gets packed, but the crowd is always pretty good. Everyone seems to be there to have a good time. Punks, thugs, preps, regulars, they all come - and truth be told, amazingly, there are rarely any problems with fights or anything.... everyone is just there to get drunk and have a good time.I can't say enough good about the place. If you want to go out for a nice dinner and have a couple cocktails - avoid Jeffs'. If you have had dinner and those couple cocktails and are feeling brave enough for karaoke, or just want to get sloshed - head on down the concrete steps, under the sign with the finger, and give Jeffs' a try. If you regret it, you did something wrong.See you out there!
4	Despite the urine-smelled walk downstairs, as the stars state, I'm a fan.  Wednesday night and I sang "As Long As You Love Me" with birthday girl's sister.The beers were cheap and not people singing much bc only a few regulars on that night.  I'll definitely come back when I need to belt a few Backstreet Boys songs. Heh. Only bummer is they didn't have the song from Aladdin, "I Can Show You The World". Yeah, I have off-kilter music taste, oh well.dmo out
5	I love this place. The owner is nice and friendly, the atmosphere is fun and accepting with lots of characters. Perfect little dive bar :)
3	This is literally a whole in the wall of a bar. Small and usually packed after midnight. It's the place were the drunks stumble to from all the other bars on Montford in order to sing Karaoke.  They have gotten their liquor license back but the smell of stagnant water & beer is still there.   they even serve food though I have never been bold enough to try it. If you have never been, it is definitely an experience you must try, at least once. If you are young and out to party, this should be a stop on the Montford crawl.
1	*WARNING*  Only come here after 5-7 adult drinks... entering this establishment sober is not advised!  What a weird place! After walking down a flight of stairs to some shady looking hallway where i had to sign my name, I was already READY TO GO!  However, my friends wanted to stay because of the Karaoke.  This place had a weird smell with equally weird patrons as well.  Perhaps if I was drunk this place would have been awesome since the DJ was letting any and everyone on the mic but alas... I was not.  I will never go to this place again! Jeff's Bucket Shop is appropriately named as everyone that was there when i went was just about to "kick the bucket"If I had 5 hands, I'd give this place 5 thumbs down!!!
3	This place was awesome back in the day.  One of the best small music venues in town.  Its still cool, but it smells like poo.I've only been here once in about 5 years and I had a great time.  Local rockstars that were known as The Ideal Way did a reunion show that was great.  There really weren't any great beer specials for a place that seems to be going for the dive bar theme and the stench of sewage is awful.  Ironically, they have a popcorn machine in there that does a pretty good job of covering up the smell, they just don't use it that often.I really don't know what else to say, if there is good music I'll go back, but never am I going to say lets go grab a beer in the basement spot that smells like poo when Duckworth's is a block away.
3	This may be my favorite bar on Montford. The absolute epitome of a dive.Yes, it has an odd smell. Yes, it's not fancy at all. Yes, you should probably have a few (and by a few I mean a lot of) drinks in you before you head down the stairs here. Yes, you will have a damn good time.I've been here with several different crews of friends. From the "we all want to sing karaoke peeps" to the "we just want to people watch" variety. No complaints... always a lot of fun. The weekends are packed. Wait time to get on stage and pretend you're on Star Search can be up to an hour. You must either be a member or know a member to get in... not sure what the membership process is. I have a friend who is a member.If I'm out boozing in Montford, Jeff's is a definite stop. Don't ever change JBS. You're a breath of fresh air in the land of frat-tastic-ness.
2	This place is almost awesome, but the biggest reason I come is for the karaoke and that is a huge letdown. I can't believe nobody else has said this because my friends and I have collectively been there over 10 times and over that time we have figured out that the male DJ there (assuming there isn't more than one) does not let you perform if you don't tip him. I have never tipped him, and hence, have never been able to do karaoke while he's there. If I knew it would let me up I'd maybe give him a couple of bucks, but I've seen my friend multiple times give him $5 and wait for 90 minutes to do karaoke, and even then it's only after he's gone up and asked the guy when he was coming up (he always says "in 3 songs") that he's been allowed on stage. Meanwhile I've watched people who didn't even come into the bar until after we'd signed up for songs go up before us. He's a jerk too. My girlfriend once went to the bartenders for change to tip the DJ and the bartender told her he didn't need a tip because he'd made over $100 in tips that night, then she went to him to sign up for a song and commented how he must be having a good night and he told her he hates his job and all of the people who come in, and said he was glad it was his last night. If only it had actually been his last night. He also glares at you every time you look over at him. I thought it was just me but I asked other people and they said the same thing, that every time they looked over at him he stared right at them. I'm probably reading too much into that, but it sure seemed like he was acknowledging that he knew we had signed up for a song and hadn't tipped him and he is daring us to say something about it.I've been there one time when he wasn't DJing. It was some woman and she was fantastic! She was funny and complimented people on their song choices and performances, and didn't play favorites. She just played songs in the order they were signed up for. I tipped her for doing a good job.Other than this, the place is a dive bar. It has great drink prices and it is kind of a hole in the wall. The first few times I was there is smelled kind of like pee, but either I've gotten used to the smell or the smell has gone away because I don't really notice it anymore. If the woman was always the DJ I would give it 5 stars, but the jerk who is always DJing there brings the score way down. I'm not sure I'll ever stay for more than one drink again while he's working.
4	I really like Karaoke, and there is just something about this dive bar that I like.Sure you're crammed in there like a sardine, and drunk and sober people may brush past and touch you a little, so if you don't want anyone in your bubble, don't go.But if you want to belt "My Heart Will Go On" or "I will Survive" until "Closing Time" well then this is your place!Hopefully you end up singing because we all know you "Can't fight this feeling any longer," so don't be afraid to let it show. Most times everyone else is singing with you and can't hear you anyway in their drunken bliss.So grab some adventurous friends, and get ready to "rock and roll all night!"
2	The List at karaoke is a lie Neo. You either pay to sing or wait for "the 3 people ahead of you". The good news is they have a liquor license and no detectable smell last night. To become a member is easy, fill out a form & pay a $1. As you wind down the corridor to the main room note the free popcorn machine. Yes, the place is tiny. Shockingly so.The front man at the door and bartending staff are polite and perfunctory so don't expect a lot of chit chat. They'll get your mixed drink or beer (choices are $4 drafts or bottles ) just fine and move on to the next thirsty patron.So the bar is really, really small. You'll easily be able to see & hear who's singing or judge the line at the bar.  If you want to sign up to sing, you need only shuffle, squish and slip through the crowd to get to the books to pick your song. If you only want to be entertained by the likes of a death metal interpretation of Miley Cyrus's "Wrecking Ball" you'll be all set.The bad news is if you want to sing. I get it the karaoke hostess works for tips. But 4 different individuals up on stage 4 times each, and seeing the same off key dude 6 times in 2 hours? Total bullshit. Tip for service after you sing, not tip just to even get service. When the rest of the audience groans with the lack of participant rotation I'm not out of place to knock off stars. Don't bother looking at the list on the hostess desk, because she's going in no discernible  order, neither in the order signed up or juggling people by what they want to sing to keep the mood right. Nor in 45 minutes should one be told "there's 3 people ahead of you" multiple times.Fine place to drink or watch, terrible place to sing.
4	You usually can't go wrong with a place that has Birdsong on draft. This is definitely your stereotypical hole-in-the-wall dive bar but that is absolutely what makes it awesome. I visited this place for a fund raising karaoke event and had a blast. The drinks are a good price and there was a good group of 21 - 35 year olds belting out their favorite 80s tunes with a beer in the other hand. The staff there is super friendly and the entire atmosphere makes you feel like your in your best friend's basement for a house party.
