5	I really enjoyed this "Birthplace of Montreal" museum.It's built on the area where Montreal started as a trading post.  The museum gives you a cheesy movie of Montreal's history, ok movie just cheesy.  You then get to walk through the archaeological site underneath the museum.  It's very interesting looking at the artifacts of First Nation tribes, Montreal settlers and traders.  Walking in a real site is also an experience.  Seeing the walls, floors, plumbing, everything is just intense.There is also an exhibit on Rue St. Catherine.  It shows how Montreal became a capital of culture.
3	Absolutely LOVE the Tea Roads exhibition. but thats about it. i've been hitting up a museum each day ive been in montreal. somehow this museum just didn't hit the spot like the others (or maybe im just tired out from the 4+ museums ive been to?!?!). still, its a great museum, particularly if youre really into the history of montreal. plus, the tour guides are wonderful. enthusiastic, knowledgable, engaging, funny, and they encourage you to ask questions.!!+ Multimedia show on the history of montreal is okay. headphones are provided so its easy to watch/understand regardless of the language you speak.+ Where Montreal was born was pretty interesting. hour long tour/presentation. twas the guide that made it wonderful. + like i said above, Tea Roads exhibition & tour is great (disclaimer: i cannot do without tea in my life and im a slight history nerd so for all others, it may not be as intriguing). tour/presentation is 20 minsthey actually plan the tours/presentations quite well. 1pm for Tea roads. then 2pm for the multimedia (history) presentation. which is a good intro to the 2.30pm where montreal was born tour. i'd suggest hitting up the fine arts museum and notre dame basilica first. then if you have extra time do this museum.$12 for college students with ID$20 for adult.
4	The movie is a hilariously cursory and jingoistic history of Montreal. And you can get lost in the lower level at this place! (In a good way.) The temporary Marco Polo exhibit wasn't particularly exciting and seemed to have zero connection to Montreal, but the Plateau exhibit was fascinating and extremely well executed.
3	A nice museum conveying the story of Montreal's history. The view from the top floor of the city is spectacular.
