5	I found this place looking for a Roberto's Taco Shop. Apparently some of them have changed to Don Tortaco's.This place is open 24hrs, 365 days a year! I went on Christmas morning around 4am after a visit to the strip and found they were the only place open for miles!The food was phenomenal, cheap and big servings! I had a lengua burrito that was fairly big and my wife had a chicken enchilada plate with beans and rice. All of their food is fresh, and super tasty.I highly recommend them even if it's in the middle of the night on a holiday, chances are they will be open.
2	i did not like this place. the only thing i think it had going for it was the red salsa at the salsa bar. i ordered a plate of adobada and that shit was BURNT. i'm not saying it was well done, that would have been fine. what i'm saying is, i didn't have one bite that didn't taste like charred bullshit. i had to drown my shit in salsa. they did give me tons of onions and cilantro as if to say "here, we know we messed up. put this all over your food to make it better". the rice was flavorless and mushy. the beans tasted old and had hard spots in them. bummed out. i've never trashed a place in a review before, it doesn't feel good.
3	Not sure If the Mexican food chain Robertos Taco Shop Changed its name or this is a new chain. But regardless there used to be a Robertos Taco shop here. I came here during my lunch for some Mexican food thinking I was going to a Robertos to find its now Don Tortaco. Well I didn't care It looks like its a newly renovated Robertos. Food: 3/5 The food was delicious, a lot of meats, a huge glop of guacamole and ton's of onions, tomato's, cilantro, and lime on top. I noticed that the flour taco was very flimsy. Maybe it was over loaded or something but it ripped easy. Which is a big no no.. made my meal pretty messy. Price: 5/5 The price was very chip it was Al la carte per taco $2.35 for Carne Asada. My meal came to $5 and some change for 2 fully loaded Carne Asada Tacos. Service: 3/5 It's a very fast food type like Mexican restaurant. Other than ordering its pretty much self service after that.
5	This was formerly known as Roberto's.  This is my favorite taco spot!  This specific location only!  I always get the same thing here and that is the Carne Asada Fries with everything but beans.  They usually make the fries crunchy but not burnt, but today some of them were soggy.  I am a big fan of their food here.
3	good breakfast burrito
3	Your standard Mexican fast food restaurant, but classier and attached to a video bar.Who I'd take here: Friends. Not a date.Comparable to: Any -erto's taco shop. Food Quality: 3This restaurant has your standard fare for fast-food Mexican. They also offer lengua and sopes. The quality is pretty on par with what you would expect for a fast-food Mexican restaurant. Service Quality: 3Again, on par with fast-food Mexican. The workers here are not overly friendly, though they have never gotten my order wrong. They are OK.Location, Cleanliness and Ambiance: 4This place sets itself apart by being attached to a video bar. Since its open late you can do some heavy drinking with friends then get your fill with Mexican fast-food. It's also in the same parking lot as a Wal-Mart, and immediately off the Cheyenne exit on 95. An excellent location. This place is also much cleaner than comparable fast-food Mexican joints. The two times I've been here this place has been nearly empty.+1 easy, convenient location.How I rate: I have 3 categories, and each category starts at 3 points. For each item where I am impressed, they get 1 point; disappointed, lose one point.Overall rating: round(average(ratings)) = round(3.3) =  3
4	Tasty and delic
4	Pretty chill.  Dudes actually cooking my Carne asada fries right in front of me.  Nice... SALSA IS A Bit MESSY.  But for the price all is well.  Good shit don  tor.
5	Best Carne Asada  nachos I've ever had! (And I've had a lot) 4 stars for the food, 5th star. Because it's connected to a PT's Pub where you can bring your food into the bar and eat it. They'll even deliver it to you while you wait and sip in a cold one
3	Not sure if it was because we were all super extremely drunk but the shrimp burritos were bomb.com
3	The portions are big I had the chicken chimichanga combo with rice, beans, guacamole and sour cream. It was good but a little bit to heavy for my liking. If I'm starving and in the mood for mexican food I would come back. This place reminds me of Roberto's. They also are next door to a PT's so that's a plus =)
1	I came to Don Tortaco expecting it to be a slightly better version of Robertos. I was wrong. The decor might be better, but the food is a notch below. The carne asada fries lacked flavor and had chunks of fat in it. I've never seen such large chunks of fat in any Robertos I've ever had.  The meat seemed to lack flavor, didn't remind me of the carne asada fries that I love.The staff is a whole other story. Hard to find anyone to order from. Lady at the front desk is extremely inattentive and will literally run away from you to the back so she can play on her phone and play music. My girlfriend walked up to ask for a cup of water, after the cook sees her, he runs off to the side and starts chatting with the cashier. Most unacceptable behavior I've seen anywhere in a long time.There are too many Robertos nearby that are much better for the same price. No reason to ever come to this place and their insultingly rude staff.
3	Decent local Mexican food chain: menu has plates, tacos, burritos, and chimichangas. Menu isn't much different from Roberto's but this location is a little less casual- shares space with a PT's next door.Fish tacos are tasty, though the chunk of fish is a little smaller than other comparably-priced tacos in town. California Burrito is just about $6, which is decent pricing for a massive portion. Three-piece rolled tacos are extra crispy- a bit too fried, actually. The upcharge for adding guac gets you a ton, though. Too bad it isn't fresh, seemed to be a premade mix which is tragic for a Mexican restaurant.Service was friendly. Outdated tube TV in the dining room. Lots of seating, including on the porch. Entrance is weirdly placed, go all around the patio by the Marie Callendar's entrance.
