5	Rebecca is an AWESOME photographer--she has done family photos and new baby photos and they were FABULOUS.  Extremely creative and has a good sense for maximizing photographic interest in her pictures.  I highly recommend her for anyone seeking fantastic photography at a very reasonable rate, and she is a delight to work with.
5	What a wonderful experience it is to work with Rebecca!  She came to our home to take pictures of our family with our newborn.  She seemed comfortable and she was so patient with us and our babe that it truly made our photo shoot enjoyable.  It was as if she was celebrating our daughter's birth with us.  Rebecca's turn around time after the photo shoot was timely.  She captured so many of the expressions that we have grown to know and love in our child.  These pictures will be cherished for years to come!  As an extra perk, we got her recent Living Social deal which made the pictures quite affordable for us.
5	I use Rebecca every time I need a photo that truly captures my spirit, and I have a lot of that... no one else even comes close. Between her spirituality, artistic talent, and the way she just knows people instinctively, you won't find anyone better. Hire this talented lady!!!!!
2	I was eager to book with Rebecca, based on her website and the Yelp reviews.  I live two hours away and realized there would be a factor in me coming to her for a headshot, but her background still seemed to make it worth while.  When my daughter came down with mono, she was great with the cancellation. HOWEVER, here are the drawbacks: 1) The Living Social offer states she is willing to travel 20 miles.  She would not come 20 miles closer to me, which would have reduced my commute time. 2) She would only do headshots between 9 -10 in the morning and 5-6 in the evening, due to lighting.  She uses outdoors, not studio, so this, again, put me with an issue to get my make-up and hair done in the early morning so I could hit the road by 6:30 a.m.(not possible) or face afternoon commute.  Because I'm older, I look tired by 5 at night with a 2+ hour commute.  My problem? YES. But a 1 O'clock shoot time in a studio with soft focus works great.  To mitigate the problem, I asked if she had a hair and make up person in the area she works with. She said to come "natural".  I'm old...natural doesn't work with "old" and a head shot. :)  3)  The Living Social offer gives 2 prints.  After buying it, I found out that you cannot reproduce or use the prints in any digital format.  What good are headshots if you cannot reproduce them for distribution or use them in your social media?  This is obviously a come on to get you to "buy up".  4) Another issue of going through Living Social, you do not get the true value posted.  Rebecca's website says she meets with you to discuss the shoot and clothing options.  She flat out told me that she doesn't make enough from the vouchers to do anything other than take the pictures and print them.  No consultation.  This was a big reason why I bought her package, because I wanted expert advice.  5) Good luck finding a date and time that works.  She is slow to respond to emails and when I had dates available, she didn't. (My schedule is pretty wide open.) I finally had to get a refund.  The reason for 2 stars versus 1 is because she was good on the time I had to cancel for my daughter's illness.  I have worked in the L.A. area and have experienced much better professionalism and more honesty in what the end result would be with people who have studios to control the lighting.  Outdoor shooting is unpredictable.  So is Rebecca Vinacour Photography.
5	Rebecca shot our wedding at the Royal Palms and we found her photography to be amazing. Rebecca used the gardens as perfect backdrops for lovely settings and used the natural lighting of the evening sun excellently.  She captured photos of the two of us in candid shots as well as a good variety of posed shots.  We also received great photos of family and friends creating such great memories. I highly recommend Rebecca Vinacour Photography!
5	I had the pleasure of working with Rebecca for professional pictures. She was focused and knew exactly what I needed. Her creativity and suggestions opened new gateways of awareness for my brand. It was an unexpected benefit that helped me expand my own inner work. Her spontaneity and original ideas make it a joy to work with her. I highly recommend Rebecca because she has a way to make you look at perspectives you did not know existed.
5	My daughter recently had her Senior pictures taken by Rebecca. We were extremely pleased with the end result. She was fun and gave great suggestions. She also didn't do the "normal" (boring) Senior poses. She was very creative. She captured my daughter's personality to a T! I will definitely use Rebecca again!
5	It was such a pleasure to work with Rebecca. She was very aware of what I needed to accomplish and made sure every single detail was addressed. I was extremely pleased by the photography she delivered to me. It helped me realize that I could also look at my own business from different angles that I was not aware of. Rebecca is very professional and focused. I recommend her very highly and will continue to work with her for my next photography needs.
