2	I had some clothes dry cleaned here a few days ago.  The turn around was a day, which was awesome, but my favorite sweater feels hard and scratchy now and looks a little pilled.  I think they messed it up - can't be sure since it was the first time I took it to the cleaners but I'm not going back.  The cost for pants was about $6 and about $3 for sweaters...
5	Love 2001 Cleaners. I only have a few items that need to be dry cleaned, but these guys always do the job. Pretty standard, really. Come in, drop off your stuff and come back next day to pick it up. Always done with a smile and you can't really go wrong. Here's a tip: Drop off your stuff on Wednesdays. 25% off and you can drop off anytime during the day. Pretty darn good deal.These guys and gals are always friendly and helpful. Also, their seamstress is very nice. She fixed a pair of linen slacks that I have (Who says "linen slacks in a Yelp review anyways?) and did a great job. Great job, 2001. Keep truckin'.
5	My dry cleaner of choice in Charlotte. Other than closing a bit early for my taste- they do open bright and early. Sign up for their mailing list. They send out one really sweet coupon a month- BOGO, percentage off, all comforters for $20 etc. You can also get items tailored there- I have gotten a few work items done. Make sure you drop off on Wed. for 25% off every week- you can't combine that deal with the sweet coupons but hey there is a lot to love.
5	Wow... Talk about a great service and quality of work. I use these guys for all my dry cleaning and alteration services.  I would strongly recommend trying theses guys for your dry-cleaning needs. Guarantee you won't be dissatisfied......2001 team, keep up the great work!!!
5	This place is GREAT!  I had a suit and a dress that I needed dry cleaned, as well as fixing the buttons.  I was in the market for a place to dry clean, as I had not yet used this service in Charlotte.  This place is close to home and had good reviews, so I decided to try them.I spoke for quite a while to the gentleman working.  He told me that they do all their cleaning in-house (with the exception of some extraordinary stains), let me know when I could pick them up, and gave me approximate prices.  They have a bar code system in place to keep track of all the items you bring in.  If you drop your clothes off on a Wednesday, you get 25% off.  I thought their prices were reasonable; I had a three piece suit, dress, and the repairs for around $29.  They also have a lady in on Tuesdays and Thursdays who does alterations, and those prices seemed quite reasonable as well.Yes, I may have been able to find somewhere a little cheaper to get my clothes dry cleaned.  Still, I greatly appreciated the service and explanations that I got from the employees working there.  When I drop my clothes off, I want to know that the people I leave them with are going to take care of what I brought.  I will be bringing my stuff here from now on.
1	The woman at the counter gave my daughter the stink face when we tried to drop off several items for cleaning. She was rude the entire time, huffing when I asked how long the service would take. We took the clothes back and left, will find somewhere that appreciates the customers a little more.
