5	I got an ad under my hotel room door for this pizza delivery place.  What caught my eye was the Chicago Deep Dish pizza.  Now, I don't visit Chicago, so I have only seen mouth-watering pictures of the real thing.  I have tried numerous places that have advertised deep dish pizza, but I've always been disappointed, so I can't believe they represented the real thing (Pizza Hut, anyone?).  But this ad included a pretty impressive picture, so I decided to give it a try.  Well, I am extremely happy!  This is the best pizza I've had in years!  Lots of cheese, sauce, and toppings, and a crust that wasn't super-thick and bready, or fried.  My friend and I could not finish the 12-inch pie we ordered.    If you like your pizza piled high with toppings and a good flavorful sauce, give this place a try!  5 stars for the superb pizza!
5	i never been to the south chicago but after eating from south chicago deli i know i dont have too when i ate there cheesesteaks there had loads of meat enough for 2 sandwichs and cheese yes and mushrooms and pepers all fresh ingredients seasonings too boot and the pizza was perfect crust light with the sauce only your mom would make in her kitchen and it tasted like it took hours to make seasoning to perfection  no need to go anywhere else!!      your treating like family not just a customer.thanks south chicago deli for being unlike any other you go the extra mile ..... and that what makes you stand out from the rest!1
1	Basic deli fare...nothing to get excited about...you want authentic..go elsewhere...not bad, but.nothing at all to get excited about.  Find your Chi-Town fix.elsewhere...
1	Definitely one of the worst restaurants i have been to. I thought it was going to a fast food type place like Nathan's but it was located in a bar. My wife and I ordered their chicago style hot dogs, That was a big disappointment. I think that Costco has a better hot dog then this place. we also ordered another sandwich and that was soaked with whatever meat juices it came out with.  The bed was soggy and falling apart. They also didnt bring out our fries. They need to stick with bar food. I dont think this place is going to last as a restaurant.
4	Pizza only review: I'm a chicago pizza snob and really dislike most the pizza places in vegas.  I'm giving them a 5 star on their thin crust and a 3.5 star on the stuffed.  They have a well textured flavorful crust that was cooked perfectly on both.  The sauce is a sweeter and a darker color than new york style as a chicago pizza should.They used a lot of cheese on the thin crust, but the stuffed could have used more.  Stuffed should be crust, chesse, crust, cheese, sauce.  I think this was only 1 layer of cheese. Plenty of pepperoni on both.The extra .5 stars on the stuffed for having cheese going right to the edge of the curst.Important: This place is inside a bar.  If you are driving there it can be hard to find.Mike T.:  The soggy sandwich you had was probably an Italian beef.  I'm guessing when you ordered it they asked; 'Dipped?'.  If you  say yes, they drench the bread in au jus.  That is how it supposed to be.
1	Got into town late Sunday night and needed a place to eat. The guy at the hotel mentioned this place was nearby. Ordered a pizza and a salad. Both were terrible and lacked ingredients shown on the menu. Avoid.
