4	If you can navigate your way through the thirty page menu, you'll find that they actually have some great offerings at the Cheesecake Factory. Portions are huge, usually amounting to atleast two or three meals for yours truly, so taking that into consideration the prices aren't bad. Appetizers are all tasty, and their versatility on the rest of menu is really quite impressive. My favorite two things on the menu are the fish tacos and the orange chicken. They have completely different flavors and creative takes on traditional dishes. It's very corporate, and the rumor on the grapevine is that although it's pretty good money, working there is no fun.
4	OK, I'm gonna take one for the team and admit it.  Is it bad that I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place?  No judging now.  I mean, I usually reject any restaurant remotely chain-like, but Cheesecake Factory, you are one of a handful of respectable chains that I like and frequent.   An easy solution when you don't know what you want to eat (you're sure to find something in the menu, yeah, it may take 40 minutes to decide, but whatever), or want to take Aunt Dorothy and Uncle Charlie from the Midwest somewhere fun, but not too edgy or Scottsdale-like.Funny thing is I've had their cheesecake maybe about two times, because with the ridiculously large portions would I really have any room?  And if you're looking to totally WRECK your diet, this is your place - there's hardly anything healthy on the menu (but they did just start a lite salad menu).  My favorite appetizers are the avocado egg rolls and the sliders.  Grilled shrimp club, BBQ chicken pizza, blackened chicken sandwich,  chicken chipotle pasta, chicken romano, and chicken madeira are all REALLY good.  I guess I like chicken, huh?FYI, they don't have a kids menu, which is really DUMB, because this place is such a family restaurant.For those who care, they have Valet.  I mean, come on, really?  There is a parking structure on the other side of Macy's.  Valet in Phoenix with easy parking situation = lame.
3	Loved it years ago in LA....feel as though with any enormous chain restaurant, quality is suffering. Do I love that the menu is longer than the Bible? Or does it actually just drive me mad causing me to drive my salad fork into my forehead while perusing the ad-riddled pages? I'm always here for the comfort food. And I don't order those ridiculous salads, large enough to fill the salad bar at Soup Or Salad! Frankly I simply cannot digest all the raw roughage in one sitting. Cauliflower is no longer my friend. Yesterday I ordered the Hungarian Beef Ghoulash. Meet was very tender, gravy was too salty and the egg noodles that came with were a bit bland. I guess you need to ask for a gravy or sauce for them, cuz they was jest naked. Rickie's meatloaf, tasted just like my entree...I swear...I tasted no difference in the sauce. The Buffalo Chicken triangle thingy appetizer was different and tasty. Crispy, spicy triangles of lightly battered something or other filled with chicken. With so many newer places opening up all over town done in minimal/urban decor, The Cheesecake Factory really sticks out like a loud relative at a dinner party. Hmmm...will I go back? Probably...too convienent after movies at the Esplanade. And if I try everything on the menu eventually, I know I'll be navigating my walker with the yellow tennis balls attached, but I'm bound to find the fresh, consistent and comforting dish I so want.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with the Cheesecake Factory and I have been to a few, Palo Alto and SJ, CA, Seattle, WA and now Phoenix, AZ.  Love the food, the portions, vast selections of appys', entrees and desserts.Hate the wait and lack of reservations.  The Biltmore Hotel called in a reservation for us for a table of 8 for 6:30pm on Sunday.  It wasn't a reservation, nor a pseudo reservation, we ended up being seated at 6:50 pm.  If you don't get there (any of the restaurants early, before 5pm, expect a wait.)I ordered the Thai lettuce wraps, $15, extremely yummy and enough to share with 5 others and chicken and biscuits, $21, enough for 3 meals.  The biscuits are airy like Marie Callenders corn bread, I got 3 chicken breasts and plenty of gravy.  Friends ordered the Steak Diane, excellent mushrooms, miso salmon, shepards pie, just to name a few.  Everything was so good.The downside of our experience at this restaurant was the ordeal of no reservation and our waiter was inattentive, we had to ask for our drinks and appy's.  Had to ask the manager to find out what was going on with our waitstaff and order.  Hopefully, this was not the norm at this location.
5	Just about the biggest menu with the most variety of anyplace I've gone. Nice ambiance, very consistent dishes, generally friendly waitstaff. Amazing deserts. I really wish that they'd take reservations though, they're always busy. Still bitter that they did away with the Shrimp Poor Boy sandwich, that was my regular dish, and they ditched it. It was cheap and delicious and huge.
4	Good service. We ordered a chopped salad, pizza and jambalaya. Everything was great!
3	I wish I could say this place is a secret guilty pleasure. I don't know what it is that keeps bringing me back, perhaps it's the never-ending menu and the hope that maybe someday I will order something I like. However, that has yet to happen and more often than not I find myself disappointed. Or maybe I am just not ordering the right dishes? I've tried the grilled cheese, Pasta Da Vinci, chicken Madeira, Caesar Salad, Cheese pizza, Roasted chicken.....all being mediocre. Sure, they load your plate with enough food to last you an extra three meals, but they're an extra three meals I'm just not really interested in. The service is always great, though. Maybe they feel the need to make up for the ridiculously long waits this location often suffers....I think I am done experimenting.
5	Cheesecake Factory I love you. I love you. I love you.I have tried every single thing on the menu. You heard me. EVERY. SINGLE. THING. (Okay, not including the new hibachi menu. That is a brand new page added recently)It was all good. Mostly great. But if about 90% of your 1,000,000,000 menu items are awesome - you deserve 5 stars from me.PS - Please clean your bathroom more frequently. This might knoock you down a star.
5	I have not had every single thing on the menu, but I have had plenty of exposure to their 'Modus Operendi' ....and let me tell you, it is a FULL FIVE STARS for service, quality of food fare, location, environment (inside and out!), atmosphere (design), and the attention to detail with regards to our needs as customers.  The later being the most noticeable and appreciated.The waiter's timing and concern for our needs was uncanny, from the moment my friend and me sat down to the moment we were ready to lean foreword and depart to other realms!The decor is well balanced and not suffocating.  I felt a sense of privacy, yet not forgotten in the crowd...I would Highly recommend this location for any form of date or professional get-together.  rest assured that you will not have to think about arrangements for you and say up to four people...More than that, and you might want to call ahead and see that they can accommodate to your liking.Otherwise---"Bone-That's-Petite!"
4	When Cheesecake introduced their monstrosity to the Biltmore years ago, I was turned off by breathless staff pushing drinks and skimpy desserts, and by longer waits than a GP's office in flu season. But I have to say that, over time, I've warmed to this conglomerate - even as I subsequentyly learned that eating here regularly might kill me.    The staff has settled in and mostly toned it down, and now our entire family revolves through CF's front door with confidence, and suspiciously early for dinner, to avoid waiting room rigor mortis.  Overall food preparation is at least one notch below Houston's across the street and one notch above adjacent CPK, which is more impressive than it sounds considering the legendary breadth of Cheesecake's menu.   It's all respectably prepared, if fattening, and often quite good.  I like the fish tacos (standard fish but massive fixins) and the portabella and asparagus omelette. Mom gravitates towards sublime corn tamale cakes, and Chris is seduced by a salad presented in two huge conical mounds he likes to call "Dolly Parton".  There's an item or two on this menu to pique anyone's interest, and while the Factory probably wont serve up your best meal ever (unless you dont get out much), a truly disappointing meal here is rarer than Steak tartare. Portions are large and we almost always pass on dessert. Not the kind of restaurant to whip out an engagement ring in (this is a Factory, after all), but a safe choice for the family, stargazing (Suns opponents staying at the Ritz eat here all the time), or a pre-movie dinner date. Well, safe until you die.
5	I've had one of my best dining experiences here!! I went with some friends one night and we had a grand old time! We laughed and had the cutest waiter EVER! The food was awesome! but the skinny minies I had with me couldn't finish their food! Ugh, nothing is more of a turn off than to see a girl who weighs 80 pounds soaking wet swearing she can't have another bite! Anyway I digress!I went another night another friend of mine. Him and I had an awesome time! We arrived and a table opened up quickly. We sat and were served well. Our waiter was very attentative, my friend thinks he hit on him though... but we always fight about which server is hitting on who! lol! I ordered a SMALL cesar salad because my friend ordered a small soup. And they brought out this HUGE platter of salad! and the cesar dressing was so strong I couldn't eat it! I tried!! Really I did! it was like... stinging me! ouch! :'( But I did order the chinese beef dish and that was INCREDIBLE! He ordered... hmmmm... I don't rememeber... but it must have been good he didn't complain. lol. We laughed and joked and talked and ate. We had too much fun. By the end of our meal he orded an pineapple upside down cheesecake! oh it was DEVINE!!!! I have never, EVER had a more better cheesecake ever! I will absolutely come back! Our experience was amazing. simply amazing.
5	Why does everyone hate chains? They are chains because their food is tasty and their menu works. I'm sorry if it's not owned by vagrant bohemians. I'm one of the masses!My friend, who shall remain nameless for obvious reasons, works here and she makes fun of me for wanting to eat there. She makes fun of me for thinking it tastes good. Everything I've ever had there is very good. Avacodo eggrolls make me smile. Hepatitis schmepitiis...
4	I respect any waiter at the Cheesecake Factory for learning the menu.  if you visit their website you have to download a pdf. to see the enormous menu.  Service is normally on point and the menu items seem to be very satisfying.  The location is great for a good size group and ladies always seem to enjoy themselves in the relaxing atmosphere.  I can't give 5 stars to a location that outsources its cheesecake, its defiantly not produced in house.
4	I dig Cheesecake Factory. I've been here a bunch of times and never had a bad meal there. My last visit was for lunch with my friend and her 3 year old daughter. As soon as we were seated our server brought us bread and fruit for the kiddo. Portions are ginormous -- we had the Asian Chicken Salad and the fish tacos and went home with a full bellies and doggie bags.  The cheesecake rocks - I recommend the chocolate chip cookie dough. Yum!
2	ehhhhh, that sums up this place. I felt like I was paying way too much for the quality of food I was getting. But wait I know people are going to talk about the "huge selection" they have, who cares! So, because a place offers a huge selection of crap its somehow good? Wrong! If you are looking for a huge selection and large portions check out Claim Jumper which is much better.
4	I have been living in phoenix for the past 11 yrs now and have never been here before. i know, its pathetic.I went on wednesday with two business associates for a light and loose business meeting.we had a late lunch, about 1:30, so we were seated immediatelly.Our server (whom I forgot his name) was a nice honest guy that joined us on a few laughs during the meal.One person ordered the salmon over mash potatoes, and enjoyed it very much, the other guest and my self had the spicy cashew and chicken. Ive had this meal in Chinese restaurants before, and can say this place beat them all hands down. just enough spice, great flavor! we had a couple (ok a few)  margaritas, and mojitos, as well. the drinks were large and very tasty. i had the pineapple. im not a fan of drinks that arrive at the table with umbrellas and all that, so I didnt need the giant pineapple chunk stuck to the side of the glass.The price was fair, 3 people 3 large drinks each, 3 lunchescame to about $125.we had a great experience, would recomend anyone to go.
3	I had a lunch meeting today and my lunch companions suggested "the Cheese".So, off I went.I've been to this location and to the Cheesecake Factory in NoSco a number of times over the years, but a fresh visit at lunch today gives me a reason to review Cheesecake Factory.We've all been there, right? The food is pretty good, they have a big, giant, varied and eclectic menu (thank you messieurs Roget). You get a metric ton of food for the price (I brought approx. 2/3 of my club sandwich home with me and my puppy couldn't be happier, plus, I couldn't begin to eat all the fries).No room for cheesecake on this visit or I would tossing and turning at my desk all afternoon.I don't think the food is really the point with Cheesecake Factory. The lunch was nice, the food tasted good, and the atmosphere was really very pleasant.The service was good, prompt, attentive and friendly. There just isn't anything that stands out about Cheesecake factory to make me want to give them more than an average rating. They do lots of things pretty well, but if I wanted great fried chicken, I'd go to Lolo's...if I wanted a great steak, I'd run up to the Fairmont...you get the idea.So, pretty good, esp. for a chain, with good service and good price points and more food than you haul in wheelbarrow!
2	I don't care for this place all that much. But my friends do, and I can see how uneducated normal folk get sucked into the "Cheesecake Factory Vortex of Doom".i came here for a get together with friends the other night. The menus are a bit much with all that advertisements in them. The menu is eclectic, but I definitely think the prices are borderline gouging. The portions are big, that is correct. But, chicken is cheap, and a plate of it with mash and gravy for $16 is a bit much. The cheesecakes are delicious, all though we were a bit bummed to find out that the cheesecake is not made in house. My friends first choice was said to be unavailable because it was frozen. That means the place is not a Cheesecake Factory, but merely a Cheesecake Depot, where the real factory trucks in the baked goodies. I strongly feel this place is WAY overpriced for what it offered. It is a casual, family restaurant with upscale dining prices. If they had a better product, I could stand spending $60 for 2, but not when it's a sandwich and Chicken and Biscuits.
3	Went for my sister's birthday dinner last night. I like the atmosphere there and the service was pretty good. But I always think to myself that they are just a bit overpriced and the food just misses the mark of being great (I got the Navajo sandwhich, it just kind of fell apart and was stuffed with really thick slices of underipe tomato that was white in the middle. Fries were cold). We ordered the kids' pasta for my son and it was just that- a bowl of WAY too hot pasta (I just don't know why restaurants serve kids' meals at 1000 degrees). But that was it, just pasta, no veggies or sides. It is a family place no matter what they try to be, it is a big loud place that people bring their kids to, is it too much to ask for a nice, healthy meal for my kid? But I digress. Again, loved the service but the food was underwhelming. Luckily I really enjoyed spending time with my family and that made it fun :)
5	Top Notch. I went here with a friend, after a nice early evening of window shopping around the biltmore, looking at things that I would either never buy because they are hideous or just way over priced, but I must say the biltmore is so choice because it brings out the finest people... and oh how I love to people watch. So after a rough day of browsing. Enter stage right the Cheesecake factory.  I don't exactly remember what I got, but I do remember sitting at the bar. The beer was really really cold which is a huge plus for me, the food, whatever it was was delicious, and the service was excellent. I will say I had a great time, because some how the next day I ended up with a cheesecake factory pint glass in my freezer...and I know I didn't get this at the novelty station. :) In any event I am giving this place 5 stars! I would suggest going there if you can for good spirits good times and good food.
4	Of course once I began to read the novel the call the menu I found myself in that glutonous disposition where I wanted one thing from each page. I actually skipped on the appetizer (a first) in hopes of forking some food off of everyone elses plate, after I was done with my Bang Bang Chicken. YUM. Seriously chicken curry at the cheesecake factory? Yup. you name it and they've probably got it. Just avoid the Chicken Curry Cheesecake (kidding). Bring your reading glasses and decide the base food you want: steak, chicken, pasta. Trust me it will save you an hour.
3	I went to Phoenix to spend time with my Grandmother. She is going to be 86 this year and has been having a bunch of health problems so when I told her I would be coming to town, she asked if I would take her to see her financial planner who works in this area. He is great and often drives all the way to Sun City West to see her or they conduct business over the phone and email. Since it is schlep for my mom to do this, I was happy to take her. We had an appointment around 1:15 and since Gram moves a bit slower than either of us expected, our plan to have lunch before the appointment didn't work out so we had lunch afterward. This is how we ended up at CF. She was starving and knew they had a lot of options and she didn't feel like Miracle Mile (and I knew I could eat at the one in Arrowhead)Cheesecake Factory is CF. I know now that I like their burgers and I love their garden salad. It is full of great veggies like shredded zuchini and beets. Gram had the meatloaf and ate about 3/4 and then decided it wasn't as good as it used to be. I refused to let her send it back (one of her favorite things to do-eat more than half and then complain so she gets either a comped meal or another meal that she takes home for another time)-yes,I am outing her trick and she knows I am on to her....She let me pay because I didn't let her send her food back. Luckily and our waitress was a doll who totally got it. She was from San Jose so we had a good time chatting about the Bay Area and the differences between here and there. The reason why I am not giving this location 4 stars is because the slice of cheesecake we ordered had some nasty strawberries on it. I have a good taster and when I bit into one it was like biting into an overly acidic chemical taste. I told the waitress and she brought us a plain slice. The waitress told the manager who came over to tell me that NO ONE had ever complained about the strawberries before. I told him to taste one and he looked at me like I was crazy. A few minutes later, our waitress came to me to tell me that the manager did taste the strawberries and that I was right -DUH. Had he come back to tell me this himself, he would have bumped up the star rating in service...Gram said she likes the location in the Arrowhead area better, though we did have a good time talking about all the changes in Phoenix and the Biltmore area.
2	The real cheesecake factory is in my kitchen, just so you know. We had to stifle a sneer when the waiter tried to push dessert on us. I have had their cheesecake before this, and it just isn't very good.We are also huge fans of The Big Bang Theory, and since Penny works there, and Sheldon will actually eat there, how bad could it be? Analysis: not *bad*, just decidedly mediocre.I had the fish and chips. The fish was bland and overcooked, and the fries were pretty terrible. The zucchini small plate/app we had was flavorful and the zucchini was not fried to mush. The ranch it came with had a nice garlic zing to it. Hubby had the veggie quesadilla (a breakfast item, technically) and described it as "fine" but otherwise unremarkable.Sorry, Penny. I hope your salary on the show increases due to the heavy product placement fees that CF must be paying, but we won't be back.
4	Their CHICKEN PICCATA ("Sauteed Chicken Breast with Lemon Sauce, Mushrooms and Capers, served with Angel Hair Pasta.") is the best I've had.  It's a very simple dish and doesn't look like much, but packs a ton of great flavor!
3	Minus the 20 page menu and bad reputation for being overpriced and not that good, I kinda like this place. So shoot me. I came to this location for a drink, so I can't say anything about their food, but Doug, the bartender, is awesome. I immediately asked him what the weirdest thing that has ever happened to him was, and he was more than willing to share his stories.. something about eggs, I don't really remember (blame it on his shot count, which was well over 5 seconds) from there he was chatty Cathy till the tab was dropped. If and when I come back here, I will get my usual - Tex Mex eggrolls to start, followed by the Chicken Madeira, and the Godiva Chocolate Cheesecake to complete a totally unhealthy ungodly amount of above average food.Cheers Doug!
4	Feeling kind of ill, one of my Scottsdale besties swings over to get me out of my funk for a what...a piece of sweet??? UMMM ... I dont do sweets...and I usually do no chains... but.. because my uppity bestie was in the ying for a slice of cheesecake in my neck of the woods.. we went for the factory of all things...cheesecake. Seriously, Ive been to a Cheesecake Factory for birthday parties... or in malls. But I had to rate this place, bc the waiter was off the charts one of the best I have ever, yep! ever had... I told him I didnt have much of an appetite, as I mulled the book of a menu over and over and kept sending him away and my 'wanting only dessert friend' now wanted some orange chicken too... and bread...and a side salad.. geesh.. how can a 90lb girl want so much food? ... I ended up with a chicken sandwiche and soup... none of which was earth shattering... but I loved the waiter... we had fun with the fact that the seemingly 'we never get out much' peeps next to us didnt know how to act in a restaurant...and he brought us a piece of decadent red velvet cheese cake and even wrote in cursive a cute little note for me and my friend.. and I will leave it at that:-) Score for the factory.. compliments of the waiter... Now if they can find a way to control the other diners and the out of control kids.. they may be on to something.
3	I've been here so many times. The menu is long, and has numerous options - yay!Cheesecake is their specialty obviously, so take advantage of that. I liked the location and the valet parking was excellent. However, the location is so popular that you oftentimes find yourself waiting for up to 40 minutes for a seat, so I go to the Border's next door and buy something to occupy myself with. Service here is great, but the deal breaker for me is that the most recent time I've visited this restaurant the meat I ordered was drastically undercooked. I asked them to recook it or remake it, and they did...what seemed like hours later, and it was overdone. I was basically fed up with them, so after my family finished, we just left. I dared not touch the overcooked meat on my plate.
3	We were there for D&D (desserts and drinks).  The cheesecakes are always great.  The hot chocolates were super HOT and too sweet.  The regular coffee seems good, my friend poured down 4 cups during the visit.  The brownie sundae was very very good and very very sweet.  Too sweet that forced me to order the Tex Mex egg rolls to get the sweetness out of my mouth.  Loved the Tex Mex egg rolls!
3	i had the herb crusted salmon. it was really, really good. they served it on broccoli instead of mashed potatoes because i asked. the group ordered the h u g e sampler platter, which gave 7 people each an adequate serving - it would provide more than enough for a party of 4. the food was good and i liked the variety. i am, of course, annoyed by the excessively long menu, complete with advertisements, but whatever, the salmon was surprisingly good. and yeah, they do make awesome cheesecake, including the low carb one. for me, the cheesecake factory is is a-ok.
3	You really can't ever go wrong with Cheesecake Factory  no matter what city you're in.  (Though I've found the one in Northern NJ and in Phoenix is better than Baltimore) Big menu, decent eats, and affordable.
3	The service was great but the cheesecake was par.
1	Before I jump into this review, let me just preface it by saying that I'm really not a fan of chain restaurants (Chipotle, Jersey Mike's and Yogurtland excluded). And in my opinion, the Cheesecake Factory embodies everything I hate about chain restaurants. Right off the bat, our server was rude and disinterested. And every time he visited the table next to us, he stood between their table and ours, with his behind right in our faces. He was incredibly slow in delivering drinks (we only ordered iced tea) and only came by to refill once. I ordered the Evelyn's Favorite pasta which was surprisingly one of the few vegetarian items on the menu (aside from salads). My only request was to take off the Kalamata olives. Of course, when the food was delivered, it was chock-full of olives. So not only did the pasta lack flavor to start with, but the small amount of flavor that I was able to detect was ruined by the olives. I'm not a complainer, and I hate sending food back, so I picked as many out as I could, but it wasn't really worth salvaging. I mostly just pushed the pasta around my plate, took a few bites, and pushed it aside, which is disappointing since it's a $13 bowl of pasta. When the bill finally arrived, it added up to just under $50 for two iced teas, one bowl of pasta and one cobb salad. I'm sorry, but that price is just absolutely exorbitant for the poor service and lack luster food. This visit was most definitely my last visit to the Cheesecake Factory. And if you happen to be looking for dinner at the Biltmore, I would suggest you stop ANYWHERE else.
4	We're not big fans of chain restaurants, but the Cheesecake Factory is an exception.  You always know you're going to get tasty food, and a large serving (usually enough to share or take home half).  Plus, they've got a huge menu with a good number of veggie options (veggie burger, salads, pastas, sandwiches, etc).I love love love their avocado eggrolls.  So much deliciousness wrapped in wonton skins and then fried, with a yummy cilantro sauce. MMMM.  Their corn cakes are also good, but the sauces on them aren't veggie; just ask for salsa instead.I also love the brown bread they serve with all meals, even if you're just getting starters or cheesecake.  Speaking of which, they're actually pretty good, says my cheesecake snob partner (who is from NY), and big enough to share easily.I've actually been over-serviced at multiple cheesecake locations, which I guess is better than not getting enough.  On NYE, we went here for Cheesecake, drinks and the free champagne toast; we had two almost identical servers who clearly didn't communicate, and the two of us wound up with four classes of bubbly instead of two. I'm not gonna argue.They may have their off days for service, but their food is good, their menu long, and their servings big. It's hard to argue with that.
5	Big fancy chain restaurant? Big insane menu? Big servings? Small prices? Dear Cheesecake Factory, Say hello to your newest fan! I always imagined The Cheesecake Factory to be one of those places you go to for a boring corporate meeting or on a date with one of those cheesy guys who believes that this fancy Biltmore location will woo you off your feet (replacement for charm). After trying this place out, I have completely changed my mind! The menu was extensive with an impressive variety of plates! I ordered these Vietnamese rice paper rolls that were just as delicious as the ones from the Vietnamese deli down the street. My friends ordered plates that were huge and mouth watering! To top it all off, the prices were extremely low and an exceptional value! I'll be stopping by whenever I'm in a mood to eat beyond my means :) The staff was nice, nothing over the top, but with great locations and great values, the service is over shadowed by the food!
1	I know alot of people seem to like this place,but you wont see me going there again.We had some friends in from Boston,and they wanted to eat somewhere that wasnt very fancy,so we picked Cheesecake factory.You should know that our groupd consisted of our 2 friends,my husband,my 4 yr old son and my 2 yr old son,and myslef who was 9 months preggers at the time.               When we got there,it was extremely crowded,we gave them our name and they said 10 minutes tops.Well 40 minutes later we were finally seated.The waitress was nice but stuffed us in to a very small booth.She was slow bringing our drinks and our apps,and only refilled our drinks once.           All of this could have been forgiven if the food was good.My husband and friend Tim ordered the steak both medium rare,what they got was a piece of meat smaller than the palm of my hand fully cooked.I ordered the Philly Cheese sandwhich,it had no flavor and tasted like it just came out of the microwave.Ive bought better at Wal-Mart.I ordered two kids chicken finger dinners for my boys but they only brought out 1 and when I told the waitress,she insisted that I only said one and that maybe the boys should share because the kitchen was really busy.                    I will never go to this restaurant again,bad service,horrible food,and not a good value at all.
1	The last time will be the last time. Yesterday at CF, waiter was passable. He did not offer to bring a glass with the beer, and did not do so until asked. Food and drinks were good. However, at end of meal a waitress from another table dropped/spilled a tray of drinks on the left side of my husband who is in a wheelchair with electric wheels. Husband's left side including wheels and batteries were drenched. Waitress did not initially apologize but stated, "It's just a spill." We asked several times for a wet cloth to wipe off sticky soda from husband, shirt, wheelchair and wheels. We moved to the next table to finish meal and to get out of the large puddle. The manager came over after several minutes and offered to pay for dry cleaning; then the waitress said she was sorry. No comp, no apology until we cleaned up ourselves. Even worse; two years ago a waiter dropped a tray of drinks on my son at the same place,and another customer who was sitting at a table next to us was also drenched. This was weird deja vu.  Maybe CF has a policy that waitstaff have to carry as many drinks as possible, and they don't know their limit until they exceed it. Ha. Overall, food was good and service was sub par. Attitude was LOUSY! The customer who is paying about $25.00 per person ought to be treated as a guest and with courtesy. Better luck when seated at the bar, on past visits. No spillage.
4	Great food and an AWESOME Happy Hour!  While other restaurants have been cutting quality and quantity, this place isn't.  The food is delicious, and I'm amazed at how they do Mexican food dishes even better than a lot of the Mexican food restaurants around town.  The Happy Hour is soo good!  $5 giant sized appetizers are big enough for a meal and so delicious - especially the calamari, taquitos, and avocado rolls.  The drink specials are pretty great too - wine, beer, mojitos... you gotta love it!  The service has been good every time I've been there.  The wait staff are friendly, helpful and efficient.Cheesecake Factory is on the top of my list for places to go and my favorite Happy Hour haunt.
3	The food here is just ok. The menu is huge so it takes a while to choose what you want to eat. My mom wanted to go here for her birthday dinner and when we told them it was her birthday they offered her a free ice cream sundae. Umm...isn't this place called the CHEESECAKE Factory? I thought it was lame that they didn't offer her a free piece of cheesecake.
2	It was great the last few times... till I found a dried piece of spinach stuck on my fork when I unwrapped the silverware, and dishes had crumbs encrusted on them.
3	This review is going to sound a bit harsh.... but I'm sorry, for the prices they are charging, I expect a little more class. Yes, the food was good, the waitress was nice and funny, but they both needed a bit of refining. To start off with the first thing out of the waitress' mouth was "I love your hair!" Then continued on about hair for anorther minute and a half, ending with when hers is wet it's "like almost touching my butt." OKay! Over-share honey! I'm supposed to order food and a drink now that we have discussed your butt? Anyway, finally moving on I ordered a tea and my friend got a water. Her timing for check backs were great, but refilled my tea waaaaaay too much, I would take two sips and then there she was again refilling my glass (and filling the air with unnecessary commentary), not to mention when she refilled my glass she had to pick it up every time and twice she touched the times on my forks. I know it sounds weird, but really bothered me. Another one of my big pet peeves, if you are wanting to remove a plate from the table and I have a utensil still on it, ask me to grab it off or just bring me a new one. DO NOT remove it yourself and place on the table, ick! She also grabbed my butter wrapper off my plate touching my bread. Just leave me a lone lady, stop touching all my s***! I felt like she wanted to pop a squat with us and have girl talk. Back off. The food came, it was alright. I started with a side salad and friend for fried artichoke hearts. My salad clearly had been pre made and sitting in a cooler for hours, as the lettuce was brown and over dressed. The artichokes were good and the dipping sauce it came with was yummy. Everything else that hit the table was great. PS: Vanilla bean cheese cake is awesome! Over all we had a good time. But for my meal costing me $30 and I didn't even have a cocktail, home girl needs to learn some cooth and manners serving a table.
4	Really can't go wrong at just about any Cheesecake Factory but this one is exceptionally reliable. We frequent this location once or twice a month and almost always have perfect service and great food.
1	Normally I would never pick to eat at the Cheesecake Factory, ever, but a co-worker picked it for a work function, so off we went. There were about 10 of us in our group, and before we ordered we apologized to our waitress for needing separate checks. I think 7 checks in all. They seemed cool with it...at first. I have to preface by saying, the worst service I've ever received has been at the Cheesecake Factory. Out of the four times I've been, every single time has been horrendous. The very first time I went (this was a different location)  one of my dining partners didn't get their meal for 20 minutes after ours. We were completely through with our meals but the server never offered to comp her meal. In fact, he was never seen after taking our order. We had to flag down a manager to take care of the issue. The other few times I've had the slowest, rudest service of my life. This time was no different. The server acted thoroughly annoyed by our group, was short with us, refused to smile AT ALL, and generally was a complete wench. Splitting the tab was clearly WAY too much work for her, as it took 20 minutes for her to figure out who ordered what (even though we asked if it was ok to split tabs long before we ordered) but actually running the tabs? Wow, add on another 10 minutes! We apologized again for having to split tabs, hoping maybe that would make her less huffy, but she never acknowledged that we were trying to be nice, and instead just went around acting huffy and like we were thorns in her side. Well, obviously she could be a total b*tch because gratuity was already included. 18% on the tab, which I understand with large groups. However, I felt she was acting as bitchy as she wanted to because in the end, she'd be getting a good tip regardless. As for the food, it's a big whatever. Anything other than lunch is overpriced. In the end it's just overpriced ridiculously sized chain food . I don't understand why people love it so much. I hope for the rest of my life I never step foot in one again. I know I won't be missing much.
4	I think cheesecake should be at the top of the pyramid but only if the food pyramid was flipped over!!!! Went here for lunch with my Candy friend, yes that is her name and no she doesn't take her ropa off for a living. :) Anyways, I had the Thai Chicken Pasta, which I loved. She had the Pasta Da Vinci. We both enjoyed our pastas, but the main event of the lunch was our "Dulce de Leche" cheesecake. Ahhh....did I mention cheesecake should be at the top of the food pyramid, but only if the wide side is at the top? On a side note, I really like this place because I can connect with their history. Small beginnings and look where the business is when you have vision. Gotta love the Overtons for that!
5	My best choice restaurant for dessert. I tried the famous Chris Outrageous Chocolate Cake and found my new favorite dessert! It's so delicate and at the same time the chocolate is not too overpowering the flavor of coconut mousse. The calamari is great, they cooked it just right. I'm highly satisfied with choosing this restaurant for dessert!
3	Chapter 1 - Appetizers, point is; I don't need an encyclopedia of the world's cuisine on one menu.  I'm hungry and tell me what you serve and are your signature dish - that's all I want.  As you can see I'm not a big fan of restaurants with more on their menu than the number of mistresses of Tiger Woods (Ouch! Sorry Tiger you left yourself open for that one!).  Regardless, I always appreciate the service at the Factory.  Food-wise, I'm generally lost after chapter 2 - Side Salad or Soup?  I just close my eyes and choose and sometimes I win and sometimes, well better luck!  The ambience of the Factory is always pleasing - loud and dark almost like a rollercoaster in Space Mountain except I'm not screaming my head off - Enjoy!
4	This place never fails my taste buds. There are so many delicious things to order off the pages and pages of menu. We started with the artichoke and it was scrumptious. Both of the dipping sauces were yummy and the artichoke was cooked perfectly. After we shared Evelyn's favorite pasta- it came with lots of veggies and good tasting sauce. We chose not to eat the cheesecake (this time), but it has always been amazing in the past. Our waiter was nice, but definitely a cheeseball. But hey, it provided a good laugh for us throughout dinner.
3	So the first time I was considering going to this location, I was warned from my friends who work in the area that the last time they were there that they had to give some sort of warning due to a hepatitis a issue they were having...Anyhow, onto the actual review... the food overall has been mediocre at best.  Usually something's overcooked or bland.  The service each time has been relatively good.... and the personalities tend to surface.  The second to last time I went with a friend and we had dessert.  Ordered coffee with a shot of Baileys and had a slice of cheesecake each.  Our waitress was VERY enthusiastic about the cheesecake.  To the point of us being ever so slightly uncomfortable, but she did claim to have gained tons of weight at the start of her job due to having a slice every time she worked.  I suppose if you're surrounded by it, it could happen.Dinner wise, however, the portions are difficult to finish for the average appetite, but I tend to gravitate toward their small plates menu and order a couple of things off of that.  I also enjoy their Thai Chicken lettuce wraps.  It's a good place to go if you have a bunch of people who like a variety of things or just can't decide.This definitely is not my choice of places to go, but usually more like a... oh, we know it's open, it's not that far, and no one is in the mood for anything specific sort of place.
5	I'll admit, it has been many years since I have had an actual meal here. The only reason I come is for the to die for cheesecake. It used to be that I would typically get the Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cheesecake, which by the way, is sinful. Well, I guess they all are. It has an Oreo crust, chocolate chips throughout and on the top, and a generous dollop of whipped cream on the side. Then they introduced the Red Velvet Cake Cheesecake and I'm like, seriously, Cheesecake Factory? It has a moist, red velvet cake surrounded by layers of cheesecake. It also has a cream cheese frosting with what tastes like white chocolate shavings in the frosting. I came here yesterday with the excuse of validating my parking token (as my husband puts it, yeah right!). I got the Cookie Dough slice and then I noticed the Red Velvet which I thought was just a limited time. So what was an indecisive girl to do but get both slices. $16 later (yikes!) but I am the happiest girl in the world.
3	In general I stay away from chains. But a few days ago i had a good meal at cheesecake. It was no French Laundry but that is not what you expect going in.  All our food was correct (the table had many modifications) and everyone enjoyed the food.Everyone knows the menu can be very overwhelming.  I have read books small then it.  But was a group is gives variety .     The following was ordered:Beets with Goat Cheese (Small Plates and Snacks) = the greens where bright and fresh.Grilled Chicken Tostada Salad (Salads) = over-sized, a good mix of chicken, greens, and crunch.  Carne Asada Skirt Steak (Steaks & Chops) = build your own tacos anyone? that is what you get here.   The service on a busy weeknight was very good also.
1	I can't review the food here because we never got seated! Knowing that Cheesecake Factory doesn't take reservations, my sister called Saturday afternoon to find out how long it would take a party of 14 to be seated that night. The hostess told her she'd take the name, asked my sister to call 20 minutes ahead to let her know we were on our way and our table would be ready shortly after we arrived, if not when we got there. Sounds perfect right? Not so much. We called them as requested and were told our table would be ready when we arrived. When we arrived about 15 minutes later, we were told they were running approximately 20 minutes behind. Not a huge deal, being Cheesecake Factory on a Saturday night. After 30 minutes, we asked again about being seated and were told that they were waiting for their large table to be vacated by a party who'd been there for 2 hours. Of course... who doesn't go to Cheesecake Factory for dinner at 4:00? Another twenty minutes goes by and again, we speak to the hostess station, who tells us the table just ordered dessert. At this point, it becomes pretty apparent we've been lied to. Finally after waiting for more than an hour and 15 minutes for a supposed reservation with two pregnant women, a diabetic and two antsy toddlers, we decided to leave. I have no problem with Cheesecake Factory not taking reservations. I think it's ridiculous, but it's publicized, so we dealt with it the best way we could. Had the hostess we'd spoken to earlier in the day not said it wouldn't be a problem, we would have made other arrangements for dinner that night.
4	I have not been to this location since the last review in 2009!  Well M has been having a horrible 2 weeks.  She picked Cheesecake for lunch, I never say no to Cheesecake!!  We were quickly sitted.  Our server came over quickly to take drink orders...  I had to order the TexMex eggrolls too!  I got the Chicken Alfredo lunch.  It was very good, creamy and the noodles were done perfectly.  Only 1 minor complain, 5 chunks of chicken, REALLY?  Got my usual Vanilla Bean Cheesecake to top off the visit!!!
5	Happy hour at Cheesecake is the best!  (So that is purely what my review is based on!)  Super friendly servers, great drinks and excellent food!  Compared to the normal prices (which are pricey) happy hour is a great time to come in and get all the best appetizers for excellent deals!  Go and enjoy!
4	I have to admit, I have been one of those people who has had nothing positive to say about Cheesecake Factory in the past (other than, they had awesome cheesecakes)...however, last night, after traipsing my in-laws all through the town, upstairs and downstairs in their nightgowns, trying to look for some dinner, we finally ended up here.And it was AWESOME! Great service, delicious food, yummy drinks...they were 100% on point.I wonder if perhaps I have just been choosing the wrong entrees all along, or if something has changed with them, but whatever the case, last night was awesome. At our table, we had two stand-out dishes, the chicken madeira with steak diane, and the caramel chicken something or other. The other two dishes were good, but nothing spectacular, and this is a review about what made me happy, so pbbbbbbbbbt!So much so, that we ordered a couple of cheesecakes to go. The lemon raspberry cheesecake, by the way, is phenomenal...raspberry lady fingers, lemon cheesecake, fresh-ish whipped cream...yum yum! I'll have to wait to get feedback regarding the white chocolate macadamia nut caramel cheesecake though.So, that being said, I will no longer sully your name with negative comments or nay-saying...and I will be back. Thank you for a great evening.
3	went for drinks and dessert with my best-friend, tangie, during my recent stint to the metropolitan area.  dropping in at the biltmore location, we both found parking right out front.undecided on my beverage, i decided to try something that caught my eye...a blueberry mojito.if I can say this without sounding girly - simply fabulous.  i can't find any other way of describing this drink.  yes, it is made for the guy that simply cannot handle a man's drink. unlike tangie's "on the rocks".  she had something that would grow hair on my smooth chest.... for dessert we entertained ourselves with a delicious strawberry shortcake. even though we shared, we were unable to finish this delight.first time i have been to a cheesecake factory and found immediate seating... granted, it was after 10pm.never had a bad meal or time at this chain.thanks, tangie - you made my night.
2	I will say this may not be a fair review as a drink was spilled on me in the first 5 minutes of me arriving and it may have been 50% my kids fault. The other drink spilled on me from my other kid was 100% her fault so I may be jaded, but the waiter didn't seem kid savvy and placed the wrong order for my wife. The manager said we'd get a credit for that one so we'll see. I'd suggest not bringing kids unless they're restaurant trained.
4	It's a chain restaurant but EVERY ONE of these places has good food, great service and an extensive menu (good for big parties/bad for indecisive people). Their desserts are AMAZING and IF you can finish your meal, then go for their signature cakes. Simply amazing is the best way to describe their cheesecakes and other savory cakes. If I did have a complaint (besides the extensive menu which can be daunting to some) it would be that this place is usually a bit noisy, but it's also huge and often full of customers, both good signs. Try it for yourself, and then make your own decision. I've tried everything from (chicken) sliders, burgers, pasta, steak, grilled chicken and seafood.
4	I have been eating at the Cheesecake Factory for years and no matter what city or state I'm in I can always count on them for consistently good food! I decided to try this location out for my birthday meal since I was craving their chicken chipotle pasta. We started out with the standard bread basket and I had a strawberry lemonade. Our server was crazy busy but he still took care of us for the most part. My chicken chipotle pasta that I also add shrimp too was so delish the sauce is a little creamy but has a kick to it from the chipotle flavoring. The asparagus, tortilla chips, chicken and shrimp  just work perfectly with the sauce and the penne pasta! This is def. my go to entree at the Cheesecake Factory. For dessert since I'm not a fan of cheesecake I went for the carrot cake and it was everything I wanted and more! Moist delicious cake with nuts, raisins and carrots and just enough frosting. I have also met my girls at this location several times for happy hour and they have an awesome menu menu with $5 appetizers and drink specials! And the portions are huge 1 appetizer can serve as a meal or can be shared easily. Cheesecake Factory never disappoints, I will always be a fan :-)
4	My wife, son and I always enjoy this location.
4	When I am in the area, I like to frequent this Cheesecake Factory for lunch. I always try to go early or late, but never right at noon. This location is nestled between plenty of office buildings and if you go right at noon, there will surely be a wait. Today I got the same great food and service! After glancing at the novel-sized menu and wrestling in my mind what to have... I had my usual: the shrimp and bacon club sandwich. I always order mine without the middle slice of bread. There are few reasons why I do this: 1. I can't fit the double decker sandwich in my mouth 2. it makes the sandwich more packed full of shrimp and bacon! 3. Less calories - which I guess makes up for the bacon and fries I had! All in all the sandwich was delish! They have a new nifty metal fry holder that kept my fries hot, too!
1	The dish I had, the wasabi crusted ahi tuna was awful and it was served twice, both times unacceptably.  The "crust" is really bread stuffing on the outside and the miso glaze was a miso cream sauce, huh?  How can you call a rich, greasy sauce served on the plate a glaze.  Very confusing, unappetizing and this dish should be chopped.  Not a good experience.
4	This is the first time that I have gone to the Cheesecake Factory and I am a fan! We started with the spinach and artichoke dip and it was pretty good. The bread that they brought out was I think dipped in a whole vat of butter, the complementary bread they brought out was actually better with the dip. For the main dish i got the Spicy Chicken Chipotle Pasta and it was awesome. The flavor and the crispy topping brought everything together. The veggies and the chicken were plentiful and covered in the sauce. I brought it home because i couldn't finish it all and it was just as good reheated. The wait staff was very polite and knowledgeable.
4	This is an awesome restaurant for family get togethers and is a favorite of my Dad's side. Their portions are meant more for two or three people than just one, so if you're open to splitting, this is the place to go. Their salads are always fresh and tasty and their pasta dishes are amazing. Pretty much anything that you order here is great. My husband and I always leave with that warm, satisfied glow and feeling comfortably full. There's no greasy, yucky aftertaste like a lot of places.Our favorites include the crab puffs, the asian chicken salad, their burgers and their penne spaghetti. They have a meal for just about any taste or craving and have the most enticing deserts! We had a raspberry-white chocolate cheesecake that was absolutely to die for! They have awesome rye bread, which you get for free before your meal to nibble on.The service is usually pretty good and we never really have any complaints. The staff are always friendly and helpful and always have positive things to say about the food we're ordering. They'll even go so far as to inform us of tasty new menu choices. Trust me...eat a meal here and you won't regret it.
5	Just some preface, I gave this location a 5 star mainly based on comparison with it's counterparts in California.I love Cheesecake factory. I like their appetizers, their pastas, their entre's. In California, I've been to the one in San Jose, Irvine, and San Diego. The food is always about the same (good), the line always long (hour), and the service is always mediocre ( too busy to be attentive, professional enough not to make it an issue).This location was nothing like this in a good way ( maybe cuz it's not CA?)1. The food was excellent. My party had: - Pasta Da Vinci - Great - Wings - Good - Tuna Tartar Appetizer small plate - good2. Service was amazing. My drink never even got halfway down, every few minutes someone checked up on us, wow....3. No wait. None. Walked right in... I don't think I've ever seen that happen...Amazing. I know how I say I hate reviewing franchises, but wow, good food, no wait, great service....
3	This is pretty much like all the other locations.  The service was fine.  I didn't care for the snarky comments from the waiter about the amount of water I drink.
3	Great food, but this location is always busy so it's not a good place to go if you don't have a couple hours to eat your meal. If they are busy, it could be difficult if you need extra accomodations. Not that they aren't willing to help, just a lack of space.
4	One word, YUMMY!No matter who you go with or what you are in the mood for- everyone, including your picky friend, will be pleased! They have food for everyone!Come hungry- larger than life portions! Currently picturing the meatloaf- wish I had more room in my belly!The mushroom burger is a life changing experience! Came highly recommended by the server- award winning apparently. After experiencing it, I'm a believer!Happy Hour lasts for about a milisecond- but if you find yourself here at the right time- go for it! Bar only- but it's worth the taste and the price.Cheesecake is of course awesome- but I can count the number of times I've actually had room left in my stomach to order the cheesecake on one hand. Dulce De Leche has been my "go to" for years!
5	I love the Cheesecake Factory, and cannot say enough good things about them!  I've never been to this specific location before, but have been to a few others in the valley, and I love it every single time I go.  Weather its for lunch or dinner, with family, friends or coworkers, this place hits the spot every single time.Their menu is huge, and awesome!  TONS of great food to choose from. Dinners, lunches, and it all tastes so good!  MMM.  Lunch specials, dinners, deserts you can find everything on their huge menu.  The restaurant is quite large as well so seating is plentiful.  Today I went with my coworker during lunch, and we both walked out so full!  We got pasta lunch specials, and it was Delicious.  We were seated within a few minutes of entering, and our waitress greeted us and took our order.  She brought out bread which was hot and tasty, which we devoured.  Drinks were always filled, and we were in and out in a little more then an hour.  I got the spagetti with meat sauce, and the lunch sized one was HUGE.  I will be having leftovers for dinner, trust me!I will be returning here in the future, trust me.  Menu and food is amazing, love the atmosphere, etc.  I will say, on a side note the parking here has gotten WORSE over past few years.  I will not blame Cheesecake factory because its not their private lot, but its bad.  When I first started coming to this district, parking was open and free, with some valet service.  Then, one day, I came here last year to eat, and it was all chopped up into different pay lots.  the first lots a valet, the next lot is all token pay parking, theirs a pay parking structure in the back, and tons of "15 minute to go" parking around the perimeter of the center.  UM, this is a nightmare to navigate!  There's "free" parking but they shove you way in the back on the "north" side of the lot and you would spend at least 15 minutes walking to cheesecake factory if you were to have parked on that side of the mall.My advice?  Either circle 3 million times, or just drop your car off in the token paying lot down the way.  I think Cheesecake factory may even validate, but that's my thoughts...Anyways, I love you cheesecake factory and you have never failed me! MUAH!
5	took my wife there for a date night. it was great. great food, great service, prices a little high but it is completely worth it, plus we got to go downtown. food was amazing and the desert was the best i have ever had.
2	My experience tonight fell very short from my normal experiences at Cheesecake Factory. This was my first time coming to this particular location to celebrate Valentine's Day with my boyfriend.  It was a very busy night which was expected and the staff handled the wait time exceptionally. Our waiter was very prompt and extremely tentative. My issue with the restaurant is with the way they handled a food health issue. We ordered the flat bread pizza as an appetizer but as we began to eat it we found plastic melted underneath the cheese. When we brought up the issue we were apologized to and explained that the flat bread comes wrapped in plastic. We still paid for this item on our ticket even though it was clearly a mistake the kitchen made.
2	Food is average at best.  But last two times the service was terrible.  They need to retrain their servers in customer service.  The only reason for the 2 stars is that there is no denying that their cheesecake is excellent.
2	Normally I never visit chains as I detest them, but on a Sunday night Mother's Day, there really was nowhere else to go. It was either between this place and Red Devil and I wish we just would have went to Red Devil instead. They do not take reservations but we were pleasantly surprised to find that the wait was non-existent on this night and we were seated right away.The waiter took our drink orders and my sister was the only one that didn't want lemon in her drink and he was kinda rude about that, something about making his job more difficult or something but whatever. The menu is huge and they have a Skinnylicious menu that features light menu items if you are watching your weight. Pretty much anything that you could want is on the menu; italian, asian, american, etc. and let's not forget that cheesecake! The cheesecake is the one item where you cannot go wrong. OMG Red Velvet layer cheesecake is 7.95 a slice as they are all aptly priced but it is a huge slice enough for two people.  The mango passion tea is great as were their mixed drinks which are $9.25++I got the veggie burger which was okay, nothing groundbreaking in flavor or toppings, sauces etc. The fries were a bit disappointing and the food presentation was pretty disappointing and lackluster. My mom got a turkey burger that was incredibly greasy and she was not happy with it. She asked the waiter if he was sure if it was a turkey burger and he assured her it was but again, did not get her something else or offer to take it off of the bill. So somewhat disappointing considering this is Mother's Day and I wanted my mom to at least enjoy her meal.Summary: Food so-so-may change on a variable basis, Service-abyssmal, we never even got our water glasses refilled, another waitress stepped on my sister's foot but refused to move in a timely manner. I'm going to have to pass on this one unless I need cheesecake in the near future. The validated parking is free with a two hour limit.
3	There's a enormous selection of food to choose from- so not only cheescakes here.  I had dinner here, had the chipotle pasta, etc... There was a long wait for our food after we ordered- about 30 minutes... The food was good, everything was cooked okay, but was not a fan of the bread in the basket- the taste was bit off.  Our service was okay and the waiter checked on us throughout our meal.  I did try their cheesecake- nothing too different from any other one.  The only thing I could suggest to the restaurant is maybe increase the lighting just a bit more.
3	It's ok. Desert is great. Italian pasta suck. Bread is good.
4	Food is good, drinks are better and the cheese to die for!
4	I guess The Cheesecake Factory doesn't really require a review but here's my two cents. I was a bit irate when they axed my favorite dish, the crispy spicy beef. Fortunately it was quickly replaced by my new favorite, the gumbo. I'm not really sure how a kitchen can specialize in every cuisine known to man but they manage to pull it off somehow. If i have one complaint, it's the excessive use of butter, which I can taste on my lips after every bite of almost every item on the menu. Then again, butter makes it better right?
2	Why do people eat here?  It was packed on a Thursday night.  We had to eat in the bar to avoid a 20 minute wait to be seated.  Everything on the menu is SOOO Expensive.  The only reason we stayed and ate is we had a $50 gift card.Wanted to order something eat that we could share while having our cocktails.  The waitress could not recommend or guarantee anything that was gluten free.  So I just ate all the free bread and butter they brought and then we ordered dessert.  He got the ice cream sundae and I had a lemoncello raspberry cheesecake or something like that.  The waitress recommended it.  It wasn't very good at all.  I only ate a few bites because I didn't want to waste eating that many calories on something not so tasty.With three cocktails (A mojito for me and 2 gin and tonics for him), the sundae and slice of cheesecake, with tip was $45).  I think that is quite a bit.The best part was the free bread, no joke.  Service was pretty horrid as well.
1	This location is a hot mess.  I love the Cheese Cake Factory but this locaton is not up to the standards that I accustomed to from this company.  Choose another location The waitress smelled like a pack of cigarettes.  So standing over me taking my order made my stomach turn.  Then my rice was undercooked.  When I told them it was undercooked they wanted to question me and say are you sure.  Im Asian I eat rice almost everyday.  There were Nat's flying around the food.  I won't be back to this location.
4	It is located in a very fancy mall which is quite nice to visit.You have valley parking which impressed me, as the restaurant by itself isn't expensive.The food was good, I got a burger wrapped in lettuce leaves, it was tasty and the pattie was cooked as I asked.My BF got a beautiful and tasty dish of salmon and prawns with a tasty mashed potato. Simple dish but was executed nicely.The price was good and as I am gluten intolerant I couldn't taste their cheesecake (I was sad, cos they look amazing).Je veux manger mon cheesecake !!
3	Food was good, but expensive. Atmosphere is a little too casual to pay $70 including tip for 2 people. Felt like a Mimi's Cafe plunked down on Camelback. Also we look for a place where the bar isn't so much the focal point.
4	The cheesecake guys are the best. The cheesecakes are so great. foods and drinks are even better. the big problem is that you have to always wait and I hate that. even during weekdays that are not over crowded they keep you waiting for at least 10 minutes unless you only come here for lunch.
4	Food is always great.  I love the meatloaf sandwich.  The service is really hit or miss.  Sometimes I have great servers who are passionate about their work.  Other times service is just ok.  The ground is always super slick and sticky and it really takes away from the nice decor.
4	My partner and I have gone to this location several times.  It's understood that the food at The Cheesecake Factory nationwide is delicious, but this location also combines delicious food with employees who are focused on providing targeted, high-quality customer service.We originally went to this location, since it was a mere two miles from our condo in the Biltmore; however, we have since bought a house in Laveen, which is nearly 14 miles away, and we still make it a point to go.Our last outing there was Saturday, December 15, 2012.  It wasn't terribly busy there, but the wait staff were still moving quickly to provide timely service to all patrons.  Our server was particularly happy with her job, because she joked with us over our indecision when ordering.  Beyond the obligatory soup suggestion that you have to hear each time you go, she went above and beyond by suggesting various items that she's enjoyed.  She even gave me some great suggestions for my vegetarian diet.Overall, the ambiance is welcoming; the employees are certainly friendly; and the price is just right.
4	Ordered burgers from there tonight just to get something different for a change, amazing meat cooked as per ordered,great service, I have to say they di burgers as good as anyone else if not better! Kobe and chop house!!
4	good late night place to eat
3	I haven't been to a CF in several years and never in AZ. Last night, my BF and I went to the one in the Camelback Corridor and we were both pleasantly surprised. My memories of CFs from back East were tons of mediocre food and great desserts. This time, however, we had very nice appetizers--avocado eggroll, samosas, and beet and goat cheese salad. My main course, the spicy chicken salad, was tasty. The appetizer portions are generous, the main course not so overwhelming and the dessert? Too stuffed to eat it so we took it home to  have tonight! But how can it go wrong for dulce de leche cheesecake? I would go back except that I know I will be tempted to try other restaurants in the area particularly the ones that aren't corporate-owned and have more interesting menus. That said, the few items we tried from CF's menu were A-OK. I'll probably take my son there for brunch sometime.
3	I always have a pleasant experience when I go to Cheesecake Factory. The service is superb. Huge servings but the food is ridiculously overpriced. You're just paying for the ambiance. you can get better food elsewhere.
1	We came out on a Saturday night. We understand it is busy and there is going to be a wait. We checked in with our name, party of two, was told it was going to be about a 30 min wait, got our pager, and waited outside since the lobby/foyer was crowded. There were a few parties waiting outside too. 40 minutes have passed, we came inside and checked to see the status of where our name was. Apparently our pager was dead, they called our name 10-15 minutes ago. We were put off by the manager/supervisor's attitude, he was really rude.  He made it seem like it was our fault we didn't hear our names called because we were standing right outside and that our pager was dead. I saw that they were calling names inside and outside, but the only called outside every other time. This kind customer service at the beginning set the mood for the evening...not fun. We always try to have a positive attitude, but it was kind of sad when someone that is representing the restaurant is not welcoming, we didn't really want to be there anymore. We stayed though because we are not rude. They did seat us about a minute after.Our waiter was awkward too, but he tried. We always like to come out here to have our favorite appetizer and dessert. We live 30 min away, so we like to make night of it when we decide to come out.
5	Nice waiters, yummy food. Sooo many choices for food.
4	I KNOW I wrote a long, detailed review after my last birthday experience here in December of 2012. So where is it? Who deleted it???My friend took me here for my birthday at my request. I was craving avocado poppers so I ordered that and ...hmmm now I can't remember what I ordered, but it was probably steak.My initial review was much more detailed, including a review of our waiter, but I have forgotten the details.
4	I had not been to a Cheesecake Factory in several years.  I went today for my birthday and had a great time and very kind and excellent service.  Great iced tea too.
3	I'm writing this review because I try their Cajun Jambalaya Pasta and it was delicious, but that's pretty much it. I order cold apple cider and it was not cider, it was more like apple juice and not cold at all. Their price for their 'small plates' is pricey for the portion that you get, very small.
5	Just came into town, and had wonderful service by Vince.  The smaller portion menu is great as well.  It is nice to get great customer service it is a real treat when so many companies could care less about it.  Vince does and it showed.
4	I love CF, such a charming place to eat with TONS of options.  This lunch visit was no exception, met a friend and ate with our two young ones in tow (7&8).We ordered the lunch Renee's special - 1/2 sandwich, side salad AND a cup of soup.  I loved this option and it's rare, you usually pick 2.  The cup was more like a bowl, the 1/2 sandwich was still a good size (LOVED the chicken salad with almonds) and the side salad was also pretty big.  I love their bread basket, especially the wheat oat - yum!The kids got nice sized portions of their meal - great options for the young ones, too.  LOVE the $1 ice cream scoop.I love coming here and always want to come right back to try something else on their huge menu.
4	Their Chinese Chicken Salad and Oreo Cheesecake are to die for!! I always get sat immediately and get really fast service at this location.
3	This is a nice location. We were seated quickly and our food was quick to come out. We sat in a booth that was like sitting on a bench. We noticed the other booths were well padded. I don't know if this was intentional but it was uncomfortable after about 30 minutes and we ended up getting our meals to go. That was a definite draw back.
4	CF is one of these places that I have to make a pilgrimage to at least once a year.  I love my Boston CF better for some reason, maybe cause it's home.  Anyway, this past weekend, I took my hubby there to celebrate his bday and come to find out he has NEVER eaten at a CF anywhere.  I almost fell when he spat out those words.  "It's a rite of passage," I find myself squealing out.  Well, he loved it even though he couldn't get over at how small the filet mignon looked on the plate.  However, it was my friend who ordered the Jamaican dish with shrimp that had the best meal at the table.  I had a bite from her plate and my taste buds went into a convulsion, it was stupendous.  I had the salmon special.  It was good but nondescript.  The Kentucky tea and the cherry cheesecake were real smooth and good for my taste palette.  You can't go wrong when you choose CF.  I'm so glad that hubby's eyes and taste buds have opened up to the CF way of eating.
1	$7 per slice for a Cheesecake? Okay that's understandable for being at the most expensive commercial real estate on 24st & Camelback in Phoenix. What is not excusable is the Moroccan Chicken. The only reason I got in my car a blew $30 on a meal on take out, is because of a video showing how delicious it was. What I got from this location was nothing short of horrible. It looked nothing like what I saw in the video, and on top of that the chicken was so dry I had to chase it down with water just to swallow it. It did not matter that they were generous, giving 3 breasts with the meal, because I could not finish even one. Since I hate wasting food I gave it to my 3 cats, but they would not even eat it, and they love chicken!I would not have even written this review because I hate bashing businesses, but this place refused to answer my email complaint about the bad meal. At least answer and acknowledge you read it. Next time I'll just go down the road to Chili's. At least they try..
3	not impressed. My salad was $17 for lunch!! and also NOT WORTH IT. Very pricey for what you get.
2	I ordered a simple cheeseburger with bacon, tomato, lettuce, ketchup and mustard (sans the bun). I was brought a plate with a burger patty on it. Nothing else. I realize they have a menu larger than god's ego but if you can't do a simple burger right maybe you need to take out about 10 pages from your bulging at the seams menu and concentrate on a few specialties. They can't even get a burger right. Won't be going back. They should just stick to cheesecake, period.
3	Food AService CSlow service and table next to us stayed dirty the entire hour + we were there.
4	When I die, I hope it's because I was buried in a pile of the fried mac & cheese balls and I ate myself to death. No better way to go, imo. Also a fan of the Linda's Fudge Cake (I think that's what it's called?). Anyway, I don't know who Linda is but I hope she's living a great life.
5	Wow what a great restaurant.The gucamole here is absolubly crazy!!! If you love avocado, plates that have it are a must try.................................................................................................
3	Huge menu leaves something for everyone.  Prices can get up there, even for seemingly simple dishes. The good thing is that most items (even salads and sandwiches) will get you multiple servings unless you're super hungry. I'm a fan of their rye bread. People think I'm weird when I compare other calamari to the one that's served here.  That said, I wonder how much of the food is actually prepared fresh from scratch. A lot of the dishes are drenched in salt. My friend couldn't eat his pasta because it was so salty.  Service was slow and "meh" at best. Cheesecake is good for its convenience and familiarity. In the future, I'd rather spend the same money or less at a local restaurant.
4	This was my first time at a Cheesecake Factory and I was pleasantly surprised. I had this idea that I it was a burger joint, but I was wrong.  I had creamy chicken pasta with sun dried  tomatoes. It was good, but too heavy of a meal for me.   The Oreo cheesecake was wonderful! I don't typically get near cheesecake, but it was fantastic!
4	Great location and if you go for lunch on the weekends the parking is super easy, despite the weird token system they have at the Biltmore.The waitstaff is always friendly, glasses are never empty, and they are willing to explain any item on the menu.
4	Love the Cheesecake Factory, always have...every time I have dined there both the service and food were outstanding, and I can't remember ever ordering a dish that I ended up disliking.  I wish the cheesecake was just a little bit more reasonably priced, but that's about my only criticism.
3	As always, you can expect the huge menu at the Cheesecake Factory.And, as always, the food is consistently good. Not great, but good.
4	I do love the Cheesecake Factory. You can't really go wrong here, Pretty much every dish is gonna be good. I had the Mac & Cheese Burger. FANTASTIC! Just picture a juicy savory burger topped with a patty made of Mac & Cheese. I loved it.My only complaint is the menu is too big! Takes me forever to pick something, Everything sounds soo good. Not a bad problem to have.
1	I recently moved to Phoenix from Las Vegas. I live across from Cheesecake Factory on Camelback Rd. I was hungry one night and stopped in for a quick bite on December 4th. I've always enjoyed their pineapple Mojitos  and the menu variety . I sat at a small table in the bar area. It was literally 5 mins before I was even acknowledged (I timed it)! Then menus were haphazardly dropped on the table. I wasn't offered water and warm bread came out 5 mins later. Meanwhile, the servers were congregating, laughing and joking in the back station, which was clearly visible from my table. I finally ordered a chicken Marsala and that took another 20 mins (I also timed that), to which I jokingly replied to my server (a young, bald AfricanAmerican server with large diamond earrings) "I thought that you forgot about me?" His curt reply was "It's gotta cook!"....I probably won't go back to Cheesecake Factory based on this last visit, even though it is across from where I live, even if I am craving a pineapple Mojito. I am discovering that there are many other options in close proximity to me.....You NEVER know who your customers are! I've been in the restaurant business for over 30 years in New York, Paris and Las Vegas and have moved to PHX, to live and open a restaurant here....Oh, yeah, and I happen to be one of the Top Chefs in America:-)Herb
4	I heard about Cheesecake Factory from "The Big Bang" TV Show, so when I went there my first time, I was expecting something different, but since my arrival everything was amazing, I loved the place, the service n the food...since then I keep coming back to try n enjoy new dishes :)
3	The Cheesecake Factory is such a mixed bag of good and bad. There's almost always a wait if you have a party larger than 2, even if the restaurant is empty. I don't know if they are understaffed or if there are tons many people visiting on a daily basis. Either way, call ahead if possible.This particular location has a valet, but you can easily park around the mall and walk a couple minutes if you want to save a few bucks. Servers are friendly and attentive. Restaurant is nice, big, clean - kind of reminds me of a Vegas casino.I really like the rye bread - it's soft and sweet. White bean hummus is a nice twist on classic hummus, although I think the accompanying bread was a bit stale. No biggie. I just wish I had ordered a different entree. I got the Chinese chicken salad, which is a stupid choice given their huge menu of American and European dishes. The salad tasted like the Asian chicken salad from Wendy's, but with a bunch of rice noodles on top. Sure, it's a big salad, but not worth the $14.50 I paid for it. Like I said, my own fault - order at your own risk!The crispy chicken costoletta was actually good. Once again, big portion, and the chicken was really nice. Mashed potatoes seemed a bit tired, and the asparagus was nothing fancy. Still, it was good, and I wouldn't mind ordering it in the future.I think the food here is good, not outstanding, and I do think it's overpriced. I wouldn't mind eating here again but it'll be awhile before I do.
1	This is the story me and my family where sited  outside we have waited 22 minutes to be exact and we did not get serves the beast part is that after 16 minutes I talked to the hostess and still no one showed up
3	While on a business trip, we decided to order from here.  We ordered through the facility we were at and they handled calling in and getting our orders.I got the Chicken Madeira.  This dish consists of pounded chicken breast with some light breading and cheese melted on top with a few stick of asparagus.  The side is a chunky mashed potato dish.Since we didn't eat there, the food got to us a bit cold.  The dish was good though.  The portion was huge.  There were two chicken breasts and I only managed to eat one and half of the mashed potatoes.  Could get a bit overwhelming with all the oil from the cheese.It's Cheesecake Factory.  It's a chain.  Can't expect some fine dining.
3	The Cheesecake Factory is located in a shopping center.  It opens at 11.  My girl and I had the herb crusted salmon, steak quesadilla and cookies & cream cheesecake.  The service was flawlessly executed.  The food was ok-nothing noteworthy.  Typical fat laden, oversized portions restaurant.
5	Loveeeee loveeeee.. you can't go wrong here, everything on the menu is awesomee!!!!The Louisiana chicken pasta is a must, but minus the chicken cause I'm a vegetarian, hehe. The skinnylious   veggie burger was phonomal, with their house salad on the side. Great vinegar sauce, ugh I can write a whole list here. Haha.There mai tais, yummy.  Sex on the beach. ;)RED VELVET CAKE IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!
3	Food greatCrazy at 7.00 pm lights automatically dimmed in entire restaurant and guests were eating by cell phone light
5	I do love cheesecake!  Those two words should not be combined to create a word to describe such deliciousness...but I will not allow such transgressions to distract from my indulgences!  The CF does such an excellent job...I should have ordered two to go.  The red velvet is superb...I'm now wearing it permanently on bum.  Yes...once on my lips and bam...there it is!!
5	The Cheesecake Factory is a treat, since my hometown doesn't have one.  Everything ordered was cooked perfectly, and the best part was the service.  I wish we had one in Albuquerque!!
4	I love cheesecake factory! The food is great and I love the servers, they take care of people well. Every item on the menu is great and the portions are good. I love the Pinacolada here which is not more not less sweet and chicken lettuce wraps are my favourite as well as the summer rolls with shrimp!
4	Always the best options!!!!! I get the louisiana chicken pasta every time!!!! I've only tried a couple other plates but this one is always my number one choose! I recommend it to any pasta lover!  Yuummmmmmm!!!!!
4	Came here for dinner with friends, had the shrimp scampi and steak Diane, firecracker salmon for appetizer. Very good steak, medium rare like I ordered. Firecracker salmon was nothing special, good to try but I don't think I'll order it again.The shrimp scampi was good.All in all would I come here for dinner again, maybe, but I'll definitely come here for the ambiance and oh let's not forget the cheesecake. The best ever!!
5	The SkinnyLicious Menu was outstanding this evening and the service wasabove and over the top !
3	FOOD WAS pretty GOOD and kind of had Italian modern inside decour. Menu is huge with something for everyone to prob like, including a recent light fare menu. nice mood lighting and service was ok. MY COMPLAINT WAS WITH THE CHEESECAKE. not the best cheesecake, yes there's variety but not noteworthy. It has nothing on NY cheesecake or homemade. If you're called the cheesecake factory you better have damn good cheesecake.
5	Never, ever disappointed!  Great selection across the board! If you can't find something you like on this vast menu, I feel sorry for you. Love the skinny menu, cocktail choices,  and of course. ...desserts!!! Favorite pineapple upside down cheesecake, phenomenal!  Love the decor, lighting, knowledgeable staff, and accomodating management.
4	I went here on a Monday evening. I always opt for the chopped salad. It always come to me the same way...delicious! I had a glass of Reisling and end the evening with the Oreo Dream Extreme cheesecake. You are doing your body an injustice if you have not had this cheesecake. OMG! One slice is too big, but you better believe I will finish it on day two! I sit at the bar and the staff is always talkative and friendly; offering area tips and must-sees.
4	I celebrated my 21st birthday with a group of my friends and boyfriend! Service was great, definitely try the club sandwich!! I have extras and they taste better a second time! In honor of my birthday, I ordered the strawberry daiquiri and it was just...strong but so good! Rule of thumb for the drink: take some of the strawberry as you drink it! I made the mistake of dropping it in and smudging it to get more strawberry out of it, but after eating the big chunks I realized it should have been nibbled while drinking! Awesome time!
4	Took the family here tonight and had a very good dinner. Hibachi steak was cooked to a perfect medium and wife's salad was good quality with fresh greens.  Nothing over the top but always a good, consistent experience at ckf.
5	It is a corporate chain. The food is consistent across all the restaurants and it is good to excellent depending on what you order from the enormous menu. The skinnylicious offerings are quite good too - sometimes I wonder how they actually lower the calories in these meals (smaller portions and probably higher salt content).We have gone to this location at least a dozen times over the past year. In almost all cases, the service has been excellent. Friendly and attentive. All you would expect.In terms of parking, it's generally easy in the "token" lot right in front of the restaurant (2 hours free). If you are going at a busy time, there is additional free parking at the back of the shopping center only a few minutes walk away. There is also valet parking.In terms of the wait, you might experience one depending on when you go. It's a popular place. We try to go just before the busy hours (e.g. 11:45 on a weekend) so we haven't waited more than ten minutes. However, when we leave around 1pm, I can see that there is probably a 15-20 minute wait.Good place for lunch or dinner. We'll keep going back.
4	Went here the day before my birthday with my boyfriend, everything was delicious as usual. Probably the first time I didnt have a vey nice server, he was kind of distant, but he was on top of things for the most part, normally the servers ask if we re celebrating something but he didnt, not did he ask if we wanted an appetizer. We sat for a long time, being a server I can see how that can be a little annoying but we did leave him a 35% tip.
5	In my experience, usually chain restaurants with huge menus sometimes let the quality of the food slip. But I just had the best meal of my LIFE here tonight. Everyone in the world needs to drive to this location and order the Crispy Chicken Costoletta. It's lightly breaded chicken in this amazing lemon sauce and it comes with mashed potatoes and asparagus. I seriously can't even wait until I can finish it for breakfast tomorrow. Plus I've always loved the atmosphere here.
2	I've been going to the Cheesecake Factory for years now and it's become my favorite restaurant. This location, however, is my least favorite. I went in for dinner one night and had Michelle C as a server and it just seemed like she was in a bad mood and didn't want to be there that night. I'll take my business elsewhere thank you.
4	Today was a group lunch for a friend who is leaving. The service was fantastic - our server's name was Jolynn. The food orders were executed flawlessly and we all had a great time.
4	Had the herb crusted salmon / steak dianne combination. They burnt the little medallion steak pieces that were under 1 cm thick. How do you burn tiny pieces of steak like that that only need to be cooked a small amount???  The burnt taste ruined the steak medallions. The salmon was perfect.  Also had Ahi Capaccio and that was delicious, but a bit overpriced for the amount.The strawberry shortcake was not to my liking. The replacement for the soft, moist shortcake cake was this hard crusty, and ultimately soggy crust like pieces. I did not like it one bit.  The server was very good and did a good job, but he was somewhat awkward socially.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE the Cheesecake Factory. It was love at first bite for my partner and I, and we have made it a must in every trip we have made to Phoenix.- The ambiance is very nice with subdued lighting and nice background music. Staff was always been very attentive and corteous.- Portions are generous and packed with flavor (so far I have only ordered something I didn't fully like). This last time I got the Chicken Bellagio and my partner got the Pasta Carbonara, which were LIFE giving. We had plenty of left overs to prolong our Cheesecake Factory reverie the next day.- the cheesecakes are always fantastic. I got the 30th anniversary chocolate cheesecake and my partner got the Adam's Peanut Butter cup cheesecake. Very decadent and rich in consistency.The prices are a bit high, but it's the CF. You don't go to be all dietetic and stingy. All in all it has become one of the best chain restaurants I have ever visited.
3	Great food and dessert obviously, but our waitress was horrible! Way too chatty, leaned over my food and beverage to deliver our check to the table before dessert even arrived!!
3	National Cheesecake day.  What a concept!  So finally I got to try cheesecake from the factory - at one half of the listed price.  I went by myself and ate my treats in private because I didn't want anyone to see what a junkie I could be over cheesecake. Cheesecake!  Instead of 8 bucks, I paid 4 for a slice and decided to get two.  Yes, two slices for the price of one.  Ordered the plain slice because I wanted to taste it naked and also the Dutch Apple Caramel Streusel.  And you know what, I even asked for a slice of their carrot cake which was $8 (full price because it wasn't national carrot cake day).  It was national cheesecake day - did I mention that already? - and I couldn't wait to taste what I thought would be the best damn cakes in the cosmos. Not!  Not!  Not!  So ssaaad.I must have set expectations too high, because I was not impressed.  My naked cheesecake tasted like it was thinned out.  The dutch apple tasted better with better crust too, but not enough for me to give accolades.  And the carrot cake tasted like it didn't have regular flour in the mixing.  I can't really describe it, but  you know how there are sharp notes and flat notes in music?  Well maybe there are sharp flours and flat flours in baking, and this was made with a flat flour.I dunno.  Didn't finish either of the 3 treats.  Needless to say, I won't be considering any of the other flavours.  Not even on next national cheesecake day.  However, I may be back for a salad or salmon rolls.
2	The front desk girl a few different times wasn't friendly at all.  The food is good but portions are small.  If it weren't for the hostess that never smiles I would rate more stars.  Hostess should be welcoming , accommodating and friendly.  For they are the first person you see when you enter.    Great fried zucchini though !!
4	I was just hungry. I ordered the Cajun chicken lil bits. They were not little and the portion size was unbelievable. I can put away some good and there was plenty left for a good lunch. Gotta love the portion sizes! Bartender was cool as well
5	Went for lunch with a medium size group. 6 people. Service was great. Waitress was very attentive and smiled. Food was really good. 3 of the group had never been before to Cheesecake Factory .We wil be back! Great stuff !
3	It's like any other Cheesecake Factory out there, though with all the common problems I have with TCF this one stood out because of our great server, Brittaney.The bread served was good, I'm always a fan of sourdough but they were hardly warm.For apps, I had the Tuna Tartare which was good, strong in flavor but the portion was way too small for something to cost $7. It came with barely enough fried off wontons to eat with the tartare.I split the Louisiana Chicken pasta and even so the portion was filling. Good pasta with a kick to eat, creamy sauce and perfectly fried chicken. For dessert I went with something light, so I decided on the Fresh Banana Cream Cheesecake. It was a bit too warm for my liking as I like my cheesecakes cold. The flavor was light and not too sweet though.Our server Brittaney was so nice and gave great suggestions! A great waitstaff here overall. I suppose it's just the food here that can be a hit or miss and the price point is way more than what it should be.
5	I always enjoy going to the The Cheesecake Factory . I've been to their Times Square, Las Vegas, Phoenix, Orlando, Yankee Stadium and Chicago sites and they are all very consistent. I really love seeing all the rock memorabilia. The food is always good too.
5	My favorite restaurant. Upset they got rid of the eggplant sandwhich but it's not a big deal they still have plenty of other stuff for me to eat. The waiting time to sit isnt long and worth the wait! Great food with tons of choices and amazing service! I have never been to a cheesecake factory that i didnt like. Oh yeah they have a nice bar for those who drink.
5	I met friends at CF for dinner last night. Our table had the mini hot dogs, the sliders (mini burgers), meatloaf, chicken buffalo sandwich, chicken littles, Ahi tartar and the dumplings . Aria was our server and took care of us (even though we can tell she wasn't feeling well). She maintained the table's needs (refills, etc) with very little interruption. For dessert we had the Lemon Meringue which has become my favorite cheesecake. Good experience, food and its price and of course the cheesecake!
4	Cheesecake factory has a lot of things going for it.  Great food, outstanding selection of dishes and appetizers, comfortable ambience, and pretty good service.  I am a fan for sure.  One thing I don't like is whenever they bring you something with a dipping sauce of any kind, they bring it in a tiny dish and you always have to ask for extra.  Okay, maybe I am just a pig and eating too much sauce.....but seriously, would be nice to at least ask "is that going to be enough sauce or would you like an extra one."  Anyway, I am nit picking (otherwise I wouldn't be much of a critic), but the place is great on all other fronts!  Well done gang.Steve
3	This review is just for the take out counter. Went in to get cheesecake that would not have nuts in it. Lovely staff were kind enough to walk me through the options. Ended up with a white chocolate blueberry cheesecake. Hit the spot.
3	Ate here last night with couple friends food was o k....forgot to order my salad...so dark couldn't even see the menu! Of course the cheese cake was delicious!
5	The other day, i took my holiday guests to share dinner at yourBiltmore location. My friends had arrived from Paris and were famished. I chose your establishment because of the extensive selection of menu items and the quality of food. It was approximately 5pm and we decided to enjoy our meal on the patio where it was relatively quiet. Upon entering the restaurant, we were greeted promptly and seated immediately. I was concerned because I didn't see anyone else eating on the patio which typically means the server sometimes can forget they have people outside. Our table was clean, music was at an acceptable level, the sunscreens were pulled down and everything seemed perfect, then...our waitress arrived and introduced herself as Nikea. At that precise moment, our experience began to change. Granted, had been shopping all day. My guests were experiencing jet lag from their travels. Their English is not that great which required translation and patience just to get through the menu. The four of us were hungry, but we just couldn't believe nor did we ever expect what happened next. Nikea created an environment which made us feel as though we were being welcomed in her own home. Not once did we ever feel rushed nor did we feel like red headed step children for sitting on the patio. She had other tables on the inside  but somehow knew when we needed drinks or her assistance. She made reasonable suggestions and was present for our entire meal.  Although we had just met, she created an atmosphere in which I felt as though I had known her for quite some time. One might ask what exactly did she do?  Everything. Absolutely everything was perfect and exceeded my own expectations this making taking our dining experience from perfect to a remarkably extraordinary epic experience! If she isn't part of your training crew, I would highly recommend you consider making her one. Her mannerisms, attentiveness and overall professionalism was superb, but it was her personality which boosted her A game and placed a personal touch on our experience.I truly hope you take the time to share this with her. Thank you Nikea for a remarkably relaxing and memorable dining experience. Entertains guests from foreign countries who have limited knowledge of the English language is very exhausting and sometimes stressful. Thank you for making this an amazing dinner for me and my guests. And if you are reading this to her, I hope you give her a great big hug for me right now. You absolutely put the "awe" in Awesome!
3	It has been two years since we have been to the restaurant.  Normally  the lines are too long . We got there and the front area was packed but the lines moved quickly. I was pleasantly surprised . It appears that several parties may have left or went shopping.  The bread was good and  scarfed it down quickly.  The portions are huge , enough for two . Our server brought us plates for the bread that were dirty except for the top plate. We ordered the spicy cashew chicken,  this tasked like a cheap version of orange chicken . It was extremely salty and deep fried. . I don't recall getting any cashews. We also ordered Asian salad. It was drenched with salad dressing which was too salty we had the jambalaya chicken and shrimp which we liked but they must have forgotten the sauce. I wanted to order cheese cake but was stuffed
