5	Yum! (And good for you too!)  Golden Spoon offers numerous types of fat-free frozen yogurt.  We are talking smooth, creamy, full flavor frozen yogurt here!  If you are a WW point counter know that you can have a not-so-small or regular for only 3 points!  The cake batter and chocolate peanut buttercup flavors are sinful.  The Chocolate malt is tasty but not so sweet.  Whatever you do avoid the simply tart like the plague. (Unless you like the taste of sour cream cheese or find your self so old that you delight in eating salted grapefruit for breakfast.)
3	What can I say about the Golden Spoon?  Could I say that they sell Frozen Yogurt? Could I say that their spoons aren't REALLY golden? Yes, and Yes.I could also tell you that the selection of yogurts is decent.  If I had to guess, I would say there are about 15-20 different flavors.  When you add the 20-30 different toppings into the mix, there is potential for some creative and tasty surprises!My favorite flavors (though I have probably tried them all) are Strawberry Cheesecake and Cake batter.  I always get the same toppings, Graham Cracker crumbles and strawberry topping.  Why am I such a close-minded topping orderer, you asK? Frankly, Mr. Shankly, because I ordered the crushed after-dinner mints once and it ruined my entire experience!  It was like chewing grated wax candles. Seriously! Don't Laugh!My advice is to stick with the norm and stay away from the after-dinner mints.
5	I'm here once a week and I love it. Great food at great prices. Sign up to receive emails and they send coupons on a regular basis. The spoons aren't golden though, but the yogurt is great!
5	I'm not a fan of ice cream, I just don't find it appealing and it's too high in calories/saturated fat. However I do love frozen yogurt, and ironically it's much less fattening, yet more satisfying. At 25 calories an ounce, Golden Spoon's is the best around. There have a large array of flavors to choose from and they rotate flavors each month, they also have seasonal flavors such as pumpkin pie and egg nog. You also can get more than one flavor combined. They also have a wide variety of toppings to choose from, from gummy bears to low-fat brownies.Even though their yogurt is non-fat and low calorie, adding toppings can quickly add a lot more calories, I suggest going with chocolate or rainbow sprinkles (adds less than 50 calories), or if you like fruit, go with that.
