5	Whenever I'm in Montreal I get here as often as I can. The place is like a zen sanctuary but with workout equipment and a yoga studio that will kick your butt. They have a really warm, helpful staff, not snotty at all!If I have time after my workout I treat myself to a spa treatment or a mani/pedi and it's always amazing. Also, you can eat at Park which has sushi to die for.Truly a gem!!!
4	I found this place right here on Yelp and decided to give it a try as I'm on vacation and needed to be pampered. I was not disappointed. I had a 60-min massage with Tia and it was perfect. Calming and healing. Tia clearly knew what she was doing and she listened to me which was fantastic. The sauna was lovely and my pedicure by Marlene was well done. Both Tia and Marlene were very professional and pleasant.It is pricy but well worth the cost for the treatment. The water, tea and fruit at almost every station was a very nice touch.Everything was excellent right up until the end when it was time to pay. The system was down/slow and was a bit chaotic with me being moved from computer to computer to sort it out. The communication kind of fell off at this point but it lasted only a few minutes and I was out of there.Overall excellent experience. I would return.
5	Great massotherapists, one of the few places that offer a sauna and steam room...and indoor parking.
5	Top-notch equipment and fitness staff. Beautiful view of the city. Thermal circuit/spa is an excellent cap to workouts. A gem in Montreal.
5	I am happy now - i found absolutely fantastic massage place next to my place. i have to say i haven't tried everything spa has to offer but i can vouch for two things - you'll have a great reception staff when booking your appointment and you'll get great massage therapists! I've been here several times, stumbled upon the place by chance - i was looking for something safe to treat my pregnant friend to. They have special treatments for those expecting and that won me over - i was very nervous to make it safe for her. :)I emailed the request with my preferred arrangements (i do that to check how they react with the website ;) ) and was more than pleased - i got prompt callback, receptionist was exceptionally helpful with my arrangements. I got massage with Luna - she is very nice and delicate person, yet with a proper firm touch when it comes to massage! I wasn't all impressed with their nail salon though. The staff is friendly but amenities and choices of nail polishes didn't impress me at all.  So i came back for what i really liked - couple deep tissue massages. This time it was with Tia and it was awesome!To the point that i am torn apart here ;) on one hand i want people to know about how great massages are, on the other - it will all end up overbooked in future if you, people, take my word for it :) Prices wise i guess it is more or less same for similar level establishments around the city. Prices are listed on their website.   I am definitely coming back for more massage goodness from Tia!
5	I've been here for laser hair removal and massages. I highly recommend both!Laser Hair Removal:Sacha is an absolute expert. I had gone somewhere in Vancouver a few times that was painful, dirty, and didn't get rid of the hair. Sacha knows everything about skin, hair, and hair removal. There wasn't much pain, she does it quickly and accurately. She's also such a sweet, cheerful, and intelligent woman to chat with. Laser hair removal is one of the best choices I ever made. I get ingrown hairs and have sensitive skin, so I just can't shave, and don't care for the look of hair. It may be a pricey procedure, but it's worth every penny. Even if Victoria Park is a bit more expensive, it's SO worth it. Don't trust your skin to fools.Massages:I've had a few different massage therapists there, so I can't refer anyone specific, but they were all amazing. They ask you how you like things, if you want something different they're super accommodating, they're very nice and make you feel extremely comfortable and relaxed. The atmosphere is also very quiet and tranquil.
