4	I really like the place! I have been there on a regular basis since they opened up in summer 2012. The owner told me back then that their concept was to be a pretty basic coffee shop where everything is cheaper than at the big chains all around in downtown. I was wondering if they would make the prices go up when they would start having more customers... but fortunately it did not happen :)  I usually get a latte (sometimes decaf), or a chai latte (made from real chai tea with a bit of honey on top--NOT from a sweet syrup like you would get in many other coffee shops). I'm also happy with what I get. They now have some lunch food (sandwiches, yogurts), which I have not tried, but their muffins and viennoiseries are always delicious, for a good price. The service is not rushed, but not too slow either. The one reason why I don't give 5 stars is because the neighborhood is not an exciting place. It's not a place that could have a nice little patio in the foreseeable future. If you're OK with sitting inside or taking your beverage to go, then yes, go there!
3	I stopped in just to find a place to get a coffee and check my email, though I was pleased to find they had good and cheap doughnuts! I thought the doughnuts were homemade - and at $1.25 for apricot doughnuts, that would be a deal. The second time I stopped in, I was disappointed that the doughnuts are just made by Premiere Moisson - a quebecois chain :/ It's still nice to grab a good doughnut that's cheap in the area, but the coffee isn't great (like many places in Montreal) - otherwise this place would not earn 3 stars.
4	Mmmm....decaf latte. That's honestly all I ever had at this cafe, but man it's good. It comes with a pretty leaf design too! They offer Felix and Norton tiny cookies and also pastries. My friend had a muffin and a cappucino, both which were good according to her. It was actually very quiet when I went which is a plus. Nothing I hate more than overcrowded coffee shops. Service is friendly. Oh! And they offer some salads and sandwiches/wraps as well. Located near UQAM, perfect for university students. I really recommend this place, it's a cute and quaint place.
5	Delicious cappuccinos (try the mocha, yum) in a nice little quiet atmospheric shop and wonderful friendly service. Definitely a nice place to sit and sip and read the paper or people watch out the window. Just a bit hidden but definitely worth finding. Had a tasty fresh chocolate croissant as well, be sure to check out the array of muffins!
