4	Amazing cheap polish place. The perogies are to die for!Also, this place has polish desserts, groceries, movies and magazines...Basically if you're at all interested in Polish culture, check this little gem out!
5	If I'm totally honest, and calculate this according to the following formula NUMBER OF VISITS x AMOUNT OF PLEASURE PER VISIT, Euro-Deli Batory is my favorite restaurant in the entire city. No other restaurant even comes close. I told someone behind the counter this one time and he blushed and ran back into the kitchen. Recommended: potato-cheese perogies, kielbasa, bigos, Ukrainian borscht, spring borscht (in the spring and summer).
5	This lil' deli is housed in a mini Polish emporium that sells groceries, movies, and magazines from the Motherland. The cornerstore vibe offers up quick and friendly service, and delicious, quality, authentic Polish food. Go for the potato-cheese perogies, Ukranian borscht, and side of sauerkraut and sausage. Nothing fancy here: just simple, classic Polish fare.  Once you've discovered this place, I guarantee you'll be planning your next lunch there! Did I mention that it's cheap too?!  Easily my favorite diner in Mile End.
5	Amazing heaping plates of crazy delicious perogies are to be had here, along with some of the best borscht (hot or cold) I've tasted. The spot is tiny, part specialty Polish grocer part restaurant (maybe 4 small tables total) all hot Polish lovin. The windows steam up in the winter and you can sit in companionable coziness eating your mounds of winterizing goodness, watching the cute families and couples mozey along St Viateur. Batory is located right next to the gorgeous church on St Viateur that hosts great craft fairs in the basement, making for an excellent one two punch of yum and yay.
5	My boyfriend was first introduced to Euro-Deli Batory by his good friend, who incidentally had lived in Poland for many years. We've since moved just down the street from this little secret of a place (not necessarily a factor in our decision), unassumingly nestled between the wood-smoke bagel shops of central Mile-End. The menu is pretty straightforward, tacked up on a long strip above the deli counters of fresh meats and cheeses. They serve classic Polish homestyle fare, including pierogies, stuffed cabbage rolls, Polish sausage, hunter's stew, borscht, and potato pancakes. They even serve fresh (and bottled to take home, if you want) tripe soup, as well as what I term "the man plate" - the "Polski Talarz", which is made up of a huge medley of everything. Inside, wooden walls give the impression of a small, warm cabin in the winter, ideal for the lengthy Montreal winters. A few tables are tucked to one side, and sitting beside them, a tiny grocery section filled with sweet treats. Service is friendly and quick. Prices are very reasonable and the food is always cooked hot and fresh. Really, what more can you ask for?
