2	3 floors of Urban sounds like a dream rite? yea no not so much, my lazy ass didn't like the stairs i had to climb up just to get to the F*ing shoes.Minus me being lazy this place was ok. But hopefully you don't need help cuz the customer service succckss!  At the NYC UO's the people who work there are hot and well put 2gether, and if their messy, they meant to be. Also they are happy to help.This place was filled with shabby slow people, who were to busy chatting it up with each other to ring up my order.I heart urban, but not this one.
4	After visiting this 3 level Urban, I was a little disappointed in MY Urban in Boston, because this location had MUCH cooler clothing. I liked that is was 3 stories but there is not actually that much on the first two. Although it was perfect for shopping on the strip without spending too much money or buying tourist crap!I forgot my sunglasses and clearly you can't do Vegas without sunglasses! After trying on several cool pairs, I found FANTASTIC bright blue aviators!
1	super small selection.  really.  go to Mandalay Bay instead.
4	This location was very cool...  I loved the feel of the 5 levels with wide open staircases.  It was fun to browse but difficult to shop.  I did see many more colorways of styles we have back home in Milwaukee.
4	Urban is one of my favorite stores so it couldn't get any better when they opened not one, but two locations in Las Vegas.  Not to mention, they're located within a one mile radius.  This location (Miracle Mile) has a bigger selection but lots of the time it's unorganized.  Go figure, it's in the middle of the strip.  On the other hand, the Mandalay Bay location doesn't have as big of a collection but it's very organized.  The employees are friendlier, too.  If there's a sale going on, be sure to check out both locations because I've noticed they seem to carry slightly different sale items.
4	I didn't even realize there were two Urban locations in Vegas! Apparently there is one in Mandalay Bay but this review is for the one in the middle of the strip.This Urban has 3 floors stocked with an awesome selection, it was actually kind of overwhelming! Decent sales, awesome staff, huge fitting room area, and very organized/clean store which is impressive because it's so huge. Definitely on par with my favorite three Urban locations in Boston.
3	The worst one I've been to so far.  Sure it's a huge space, but it feels like they don't have much of anything.  I will admit though, this one has the best clearance section.Very disorganized.  I wanted these blue and yellow fingerless gloves.  But they didn't have a price tag.  So they spent four and a half minutes making up a price ($28 btw).  I was like hell no.  But I found a tiny hole on the thumb side and they offered 20% off.  Still...hell no.But I bought a Manhattan Portage messenger bag for $20.  So it sorta cancels out.  Only sorta.
4	i love you urban outfitters:)even though you're a bit far from my house.you attract me with your crazy sales.i mean jeans for $5 when they were originally $68!good deals, big variety.but i give you a four because youre too far away and are constantly filled with tourists.come meet me in henderson and ill love you even more.:)
4	I can't seem to run away from this store no matter how much the sometimes outrageous prices try and deter me. Went in on a Sunday at around 8 PM just perusing for some clothes with a girlfriend. I absolutely love how this particular store is laid out. Cute knick-knacks and kitschy books downstairs, then hop a couple flights of stairs (with massive windows overlooking the Strip, no less) with various clothes and accessories to tempt you on the way, then BAM!: gigantic floor full of clothes for both genders, a generous clearance section, fitting rooms, and even more books for the hipster in all of us. My friend and I found a couple things to try on with no avail, but the fitting room attendant did not seem to mind the extra work we were piling up on her just a couple hours before closing. I ended up just getting one cookbook from the clearance section ($15 off, a total score!) and the checkout was decent as I was the only person in line. I'm pretty sure I cockblocked the guy who was flirting with the girl at the cash register, but this book needed to be bought so my friend and I could make it to Firefly before we passed out from lack of lentils. Overall I love the layout of the store, the book section definitely gives me good fodder for my Amazon wishlist, and the clearance section does yield some good finds. The view on your walk up is also spectacular and would be great for people-watching. This is a wonderful store to lose track of time in and come out with something you will love, even if your wallet cringes.
2	Dude... it's Vegas. How can this store not have air conditioning? I made it to the first floor, walked in for approximately 25 seconds and walked out as soon as I realized that it was hotter in the store than it was outside. Bummer that I missed the third floor, but I was not about to spend any more time in that sauna of a store.
3	As far as location, this place has got to be placed in one of the busier parts of the strip. The PH is my favorite strip mall to shop, because it can actually BE SHOPPED by the average college student/traveler. But besides that, this UO, I could imagine, gets hit pretty hard due to its visibility from the strip side.The selection is a bit strewn about, and because there are 2.5 floors (i don't count that middle area aka 2nd floor an actual floor)  it may be a little inconvenient to go from floor to floor when you're looking for something, but that's okay if you've got time on your hands (and your legs aren't yet tired from walking the strip). As far as the sales, this place has got the same sized sale section as the Mandalay Bay's, but I simply hate that they put clothes so high up that you can't reach, and have to HUNT for a sales associate to help you get something down that you may OR MAY NOT like once you see it full-front. Still, I love UO and its unique concept & design. Even if I don't end up buying anything when I go, it's always fun to see what else has popped up on the shelves and racks!
4	Coolest UO I've ever seen, they got a lot more stuff that the regular stores don't have.  I was able to pick up a couple pairs of shoes while being there.
5	This is such a cool store. I like this one the most, in comparison to the other one on the Strip in the so-sad Mandalay Place shopping center. Since we go to this one more (it's more accessible- we go to the Miracle Mile shops more frequently- if you're coming from outside on the Strip, this is the 1st store you will see), it's safe to say that we shop here the most, out of the two stores- duh. I didn't realize until a few minutes ago, that I didn't do a review on this store yet. It's different levels of shopping (yup, merchandise- mostly women's clothing- is on the stairs and such) but most of the novelties (including gadgets) and books are located on the ground floor along with seasonal items (ornaments, gifts, etc.). The clothing (women's and men's) is mainly located on the upper level, along with shoes, bags, jewelry & accessories like hats and belts, more books, more novelties, dressing rooms, and sales racks in the far back right- sometimes this area is pretty messy to say the least (womens/books/novelties). Sometimes I find clothing, but please note, that the clothing sizes are smaller here (like junior size fitting)- like if you wear a medium normally, your size here would be a large. Cash registers are located on both levels for your convenience. We were here last night and holiday items were already marked 75% off! The regular prices are a bit high, so I always check out the markdowns. Like I said, check out the back far right for sales. Hipsters, Alternative types, and Asians are the majority customer base here. It is fun shopping here. Lots of unique gifts for people on your list. I might not buy something every time, but I love browsing here (inventory changes pretty frequently).
2	If this Urban Outfitters was a hotel room, it'd be a trashed-hungover place, because first of all, the clothes in the cheap sale section are mostly ripped, spread throughout the floor and piled on top of hung clothes. It really is an after-party mess. Could you people possibly wait until New Year's? It's really not that far ahead.And I thought NYC had it bad.
4	Ahh...clearance racks. This UO location had a pleasantly vast selection of clearance items that weren't limited to tiny or enormous when it came to sizes. Hell, I even found a cute black skirt that wasn't on clearance, but it made my rear look lovely. The location is great and the hours are wonderful. The staff was pretty tired 'cause we walked in fifteen minutes before closing time, but the guy at the register was chatty and fun. Check it out if you're in need of emergency gifts or just need some hipster gear.
4	Man when the tables suck I come here to try my luck on some Kid Robot blind boxes...talk about gambling problem haha.
4	Really cool store, i always love going into an Urban O. This one has like 4 levels and has all the hipster shiz you would desire. I grabbed a pair of non prescription hipster glasses so i could fit in haha. Cool shirts, great jeans now that they carry Levi's their jeans are actually affordable. The ambiance is always very cool too in UO.
4	Urban Outfitters is definitely different from your average clothing shops.  They have a variety of things there. From books to gadgets, toys and retro gifts, headphones and cameras, and of course clothing.  It's unique in it's own way but majority of the things there are expensive.  However, lucky me I was able to find a flannel here for yelp goes retro event and it only cost me $15 dollars.  What a steal, so glad I came to this store.
4	I love you Urban Outfitters at the Miracle Miles Shop. You give me a reason to brave all the mad tourists at the strip and shop here. I love how you have a wide selection of retro and non-retro clothing. I love the silly gadgets you sell, the bold Kama sutra books you display, and the awesome but expensive wedges you carry. The clothes can be a wee expensive but seeing a huge variety of clothes and shoes you have on your sales rack reminds me that not all is pricey. But why, why must you have the new arrivals by the stairs? Sadly, the excitement I got when I saw the beautiful arrivals made me trip and almost caused me to fall down these stairs. At first I thought I was clumsy, but then I saw it happen to another chick, hence why the star reduction. But no worries, I will still continue to shop here for I am in love with this store!
5	I love this location because of how massive it is, and because they have way more items than most the other locations. The employees are always friendly and really helpful too.
4	Score! When I went over Christmas they were having a huge sale. I ended up getting a flannel shirt and two t-shirts for under $100. The prices are high but no more than at any other UO. For some reason I really suck at packing outfits when I go on vacation. I always forget something or end up packing 15 shirt and 2 pair of pants. All of which don't match! I can always find something here for any occasion whether it's something comfortable for a day hiking trip or something a bit more trendy for going out at night.
3	There is a certain level of novelty about Urban Outfitter that makes it stand out against other clothing stores. But once you get past that, the clothes are nothing special. I have had luck with finding a deal or two, yet nothing mind blowing.There are better stores out there that carry a wider selection of men's clothes. The shirts are more casual, which makes me question why they carry such a high price tag. The jeans tend to have an odd fit to them. I have tried some and they are loose around the waist while being tight around my calves. I would like to think that I am proportionate. It is not as if I run into this issue elsewhere. More often than not, I tend to walk in peruse and walk out empty handed unless I am picking up a goofy gift for someone.
5	Fun store with lots of great trendy clothes and fun little knick nacks and accessories.  They have a good selection of fun books and lots of holga camera kits.  Cool shirts for guys and lots of great clothes for girls.  Prices are mid to high range.
2	Apparently this Urban Outfitters is doing so well, they don't need my business. At least that is the vibe I got when I was last in the store. I saw at least a half dozen employees as I walked around the entire store...  I don't think they saw me, because I was not greated nor asked if I needed assistance. And I did!I ended up finding the item I wanted from Urban Outfitters at another shop in the MIracle Mile Shops... for $20 less then what UO wanted. High prices and non-existant customer service. PASS.
2	This UO is located right at the entrance of the mall, so if you're just looking to hit this store and leave, you're in luck! First floor's music, earphones, books, stickers, etc. Second floor's mainly filled with clothes. There's a women's shoe section, which I really love, because no many UO have a big separate area for their shoes. Everything is nicely spaced out, and always clean. Employees are of the norm for an urban outffiters - don't expect great help unless you seek them out and ask. They do have a huge area for clearance items, which is great. However, for some reason, I can't ever find anything I like from this location.
4	Visited this store while shopping around in Vegas! I love it!I am a big Urban fan, but I do have favorites. I'm from New York, and not all Urban Outfitters around me are the best. This one was great though!1) The store is big. I personally thought there was more items on stock, and also more on the sale rack!2) Lots of great deals3) Employees were very friendly and helpful
2	Would rather drive all the way to Burbank, California for better service.  The people that work at this location are pretty rude.  I only come here to buy vinyl frames to hang my records.  I refuse to pay $90 for jeans, that's just me.  This review is more for the lack of customer service this store has.  They need to seriously clean house and hire people who actually treat you right.
4	This chain is geared toward the 20 somethings/college crowd. They do have a lot of gift/novelty items that can be given to "older" folks. I always check the sale section first, and have found some good gift items there. This 2 story location has a lof of clothing/accessories as well, and is a nice break from the craziness outside of Planet Hollywood!
4	A decent store with a unique floor plan. On the tail end of the Miracle Mile next to Cabo Wabo, you can grab a shot of tequila and sloppily crawl the steps to see a great view of the strip. There's an elevator if you're too tipsy to climb the stairs, just don't throw up on their merchandise. As for the the staff, they can be personable or cold, depends who you talk to.  They have everything for your spoiled tween or wannabe grungy daughter to Instagram or post on their fashion blog. Nothing in Urban is worth full price so I end up looking at their tiny sale section, which is inconspicuous if you're not careful. I came before Thanksgiving and found the store dead and the sale section abundant with merch and ready to go for Black Friday. Cute inexpensive tees, New Balances & Vans in every size, and accessories. I ended up just buying a cute sweater with additional 20% off because they had a college student ID discount promo just for that day  (I still keep mine in case). Sweet.
4	I'm at the edge of the cliff when it comes to this location. I could almost confidently claim this to be my favorite location of all time, but I feel like there might be something missing that I can't point out. Anyhow, this UO has a really cool 3 story layout with huge floor to ceiling windows that follow the stairwell. You can see everyone outside on the strip. I normally purchase UO things online because they have some exclusive online pieces, but every now and again I like to visit just to see their displays. When I'm in Vegas I tend to shop in between gambling, eating and drinking ;)What startled me was the sales associate on the main level. The clerk cheerfully said hello as I walked upstairs. Wow! This was maybe the second time I've ever experience this at this location. Things I appreciate the most? Clean fitting rooms. Relatively clean sales section. Helpful staff. Clothing in my size- YES! For the most part.If you're bored and want to check out a store that carries more than clothes and accessories, you'll enjoy your visit at Urban.
4	This store is a girls dream!  I fantasized about coming here for years!  There is no urban outfitters in Hawaii, so it was amazing when I finally got to come to the store in Las Vegas.  I absolutely loved this store.  There were so many cute clothes and jewelry!  I loved the little trinkets they sold like books, jars, and bags.  I also loved the guys section of this store.  Urban outfitters had a variety of clothes, which I loved.  The staff was very friendly.  They were so helpful when I was looking for sizes.I would have given this store 5 stars if it wasn't for the prices!  My wallet was empty after coming here.
5	I love this urban outfitters store. Out of all the ones I've been to in California this one in vegas tops all of them. I always find good stuff everytime I come to visit! Even when they have Black Friday and after Christmas sale! I always find cute stuff! They even carry some Jeffrey Campbell stuff here
