5	No complaints.  Staff is helpful.
5	Ah, yes, Home Depot, my friend. I actually don't like them as a competitor to my husband's business, but for every day items, plants, paint samples, screws and nuts and bolts, and all that other fun stuff, they are a necessary evil. The staff are super friendly & the store is organized. What else can a girl ask for? Except maybe a $5000 gift card to buy all my crafty stuff with?
4	Found what I was looking for. Good store & with all their locations it makes life convenient
5	My experience at Home Depot today was exceptional.  I ordered a security door  from Keith Mathes in Millwork.  Keith not only helped me right away but answered others questions along the way.  He knows how to multitask and take care of customers.  He was very nice and talked to me about HGTV.  Keith is the primary reason why I choose Home Depot over Lowes.  When I walk into this Home Depot I feel like I am back in a small town being taken care of by friendly neighbors.  I also stopped to have a key made by a 20 something gentleman.  He was also very friendly and helpful.  Thanks for making this beautiful day even better Home Depot!
1	Well I was just given a good reminder of why I NEVER shop at Home Depot. Holy cow...stood looking at fans for a good 10-15 minutes before I had to ask for assistance though about 8 employees walked right by during that time. Once I did ask for help, the employee said, "I would but I have to track down another customer." Rather than, "I'm busy, but let me get somebody to help you."  Another 4 employees walked by when I grabbed one and asked for help. Not sure if it was his first day or what, but I swear he knew NOTHING! He was trying to look things up online and I was having to do it for him. Besides, if I wanted info online I could have done that from home. I wanted a knowledgable sales person....guess I went to the wrong place. STICK TO LOWES! (Not to mention LOWES SUPPORTS VETERANS AND GIVES MILITARY DISCOUNTS).
1	Worse Home Depot lazy waited 30 minutes to get help in electrical department. The CUSTOMER SERVICE person told me" I paged the person what else can he do! "Go to Val Vista store
4	The service is very friendly at this location. It took a couple of employees to find what I needed but they found it, and he took several minutes to make sure we had what we needed. I noticed they don't seem to have very many employees working here, which is why most of the time I prefer to go to Lowe's. They usually have people falling all over you to help you. The Christmas tree selection is nothing to sneeze at, I prefer to buy from a farm and support a local small business. However, we bought several Rosemary trees in the shape of a Christmas tree for $20 each. They smell amazing! As a bonus, you can snip off a twig and use it in your cooking.
