5	About time I find a good "soul food" restaurant without going all the way UPTOWN to Merts. To be honest this place actually give Merts a run for their money. The open early and close very late. I've only tried their fried chicken which is yummy and their mac n cheese is just how I like it!I'm going to try their Chicken N Dumplings tonight, which I havent had since I left home (Louisiana) in '07. Lets see if its just as good or better as my grandmas! :)
5	*Runs to stage. Grabs Mic. Clears throat for first review*McBonie's has the best & most consistent offering of home cooking or "soul food" in the city. I heard the radio spots promoting the bar and "club" atmosphere on the weekends. It wasn't until I received the restaurants.com two for one coupon that I decided to give the food a try.On my "cheat" days I go in & have myself some fried pickles, the chopped steak, mac & cheese, collard greens and I wash it down with a "diet" coke.If you happen to get stuck in between dinner and the party ... there is a sense of domestic tranquility, everyone is represented from the Bougie Prince & Princess, to the young & old professionals, to your average around the way homeboy & homegirl. Next time I'll stay for the party. *Drops Mic. Walks off stage wiping my mouth & unfastening my pants*
3	I rated this place a 3 this time. I went and got the chicken dumpling the hours later I became very sick. I had food poising :(  It was good but I got sick. I hadn't been back since.
3	Good food, plenty of atmosphere, especially if you like a place with large airbrushed beer bottles, and martini glasses on the walls.
4	I finally decided to try this place out, despite the mix reviews I keep hearing about them.  I figured if WFNZ is promoting them, it can't be all that bad.  Now, besides all that, I had a $10 off coupon, and had just got back in town from the beach and was thinking this place had better be good because there will be no cooking in my household today.  I think this place is more of a bar than a restaurant since it's Sunday and the only 2 people here were not eating but watching football.....not a good sign but I stayed and ordered the pork chops, and hamburger steak, both came with 2 sides and a roll.  I must admit that everything was really good:Pork chops-3.5 stars(a bit too much salt)Hamburger steak-4 starsMac n cheese-4 starsGreen beans-3.5 cannedGreens-3.5 canned(very sweet)Rice-4 starsI did hear the server say that the cook that was there today was the best cook on staff.   I would probably frequent this place if I lived closer, but I would return.
4	Great food especially the meatloaf and greens.   Wings are great too!   Friendly people but bare bones atmosphere.   Go for down home cooking not the surroundings .I like the food it is truly soul/southern food.  The actually place is nothing to look at but the service has always been very good.  Very nice people good food don't be scared to go in.
2	At the door I was greeted by signs telling me what I couldn't do relative to coupons and credit cards. It wasn't clear whether I should wait to be seated or seat myself. That was a turn off. The service left much to be desired. The atmosphere was equally disappointing. Out dated, uncomfortable seating and tables. There was a pervasive odor that I couldn't identify, but it took me back to the mid 1970s.  Despite what appeared to be ample staff and only 3 tables being occupied they were slow in taking my order. I didn't have but 45 mins to eat so I ordered dishes that should have been prepared hours before.  Still, I waited too long for my food.  The meatloaf tasted processed, the greens were too sweet, and the mac and cheese  needed salt. I got the impression that to enjoy this place you must be used to settling for less. Low rent seems to describe this place. The meal was inexpensive. That is a plus.
5	I can only review McBonie's based on takeout because that is all we have gotten so far! I can only comment on atmosphere by saying that the bar tenders and security guard were very nice.The food is TASTY! Their fried chicken is yum. And we also really like their hotdogs! They have great prices and we are about to order some for dinner :D.
1	I came with my family on Sunday afternoon and it was one if the worst experiences. It was dark and silent inside, she sat us in an area with no lights on. No music or anything. She took about ten minutes to get our drinks which tasted like toilet water. And then when we ordered they had no wings or white meat, which basically took away everything we could eat. We left without drinking any of the drinks except for a sip that tasted awful. She made us pay for the drinks and we left. I heard it was really good so I was looking forward to it. But it was awful.
2	I'm not originally from the Charlotte area so I've been looking for a nice, laid back reggae spot. This place here is as ratchet as all get up. I mean it was okay, but not what I was looking for. They played some reggae, but definitely not my kind of crowd.
