3	Good room size, clean rooms the tv sucks tho, and why don't they give you newer wash clothes every day.
3	They lost a star from me due to my last stay here the whole hotel got sick due to something in the vent system. And when we get down stairs they had out emergency vitamin c packets. Hotel chain this size could of done better for a full hotel of sick guest.
3	Seven stories, interior entrances.If you read the in room info, they boast that they have received the Choice Hotels 5 star rating five times.  I'm guessing this must have happened several years ago,In a nutshell, this place is in need of a renovation.  My room furniture was all dinged up.  Old style tv gave an ok picture if the cable was in the right position.  Wifi was only working in the first floor lobby and to my knowledge not in any of the rooms.Other than that, the bed was comfortable, a/c worked well, good water pressure in the shower, quiet surroundings.
3	In my review from 6/30/12 I commented that "  this place is in need of a renovation."  Guess what's happening?  Yes, the property is currently being renovated!During my stay the lobby area was being worked on.  My room had not yet undergone renovation, but was clean, quiet, and the bed was comfortable.  In my stay last year I mentioned that the wifi only worked in the lobby; this time the wifi signal was strong in the room.Looking forward to seeing this place once renovations are complete.
3	The hotel was perfect for what we needed. Great location close to campus and not far from NODA. Great price.  Outdated rooms but can't complain for price. Foyer seemed updated. Only 2 complaints are that the hotel is difficult to get too. They could use more signage and the elevators (2 of them) are extremely slow.
2	Nice room, but this place needs to step up their breakfast. I feel that when I book a 3 star hotel I'm paying for a decent quality breakfast. That is not the case here; they had eggs, sausage, gravy, biscuits, waffles - really a good selection, but the quality was a step down from anything you would want to put in your body.
3	Extremely rude staff! Pool very disappointing. Woman at front desk very demeaning and appeared actually annoyed that we were staying there. Strongly suggest looking elsewhere !
1	Over the last few years my wife and I have been to many cheap hotels as we are currently dealing with her medical issues, and honestly we realize you get what you pay for, however I have never been treated more rudely and disrespectful in my life. General Manager DJ  and front desk clerk Bina treated my wife like a criminal. ( Backstory, my wife has a lot of medical issues due to a surgery gone wrong and is under the influence of a lot of pain meds and anxiety meds, she is very sick and in pain)We went through Priceline, which is an amazingly helpful and at no fault here, and used my mothers card to hold the room, and planned on paying cash once we arrived. There was no rules posted regarding this would be an issue. She was quoted a reasonable rate, and we left DC to come to Charlotte to see our daughter for Family weekend at college. We arrived, and went in to be greeted by Bina. We also had a coupon we found at local rest stop magazine. She first explained coupon would not be honored as we went through Priceline, so we asked if we could just cancel reservation and start over. She explained that was not a part of THEIR policy, and would still be charged full rate, so we said screw it, gave coupon to another nice couple and went forward with transaction explaining we were just paying cash. We were then given a much larger rate, and when they learned that it was my mothers card they demanded she be there or she would still be charged as well.(This is what appears on their website: You must show a valid photo ID and credit card upon check-in. Please note that all special requests cannot be guaranteed and are subject to availability upon check-in. Additional charges may apply.Guests are required to show a photo ID and credit card upon check-in. Please note that all Special Requests are subject to availability and additional charges may apply.) We had both, and although we did not have the card we reserved room with, we had our own, which would have been fine to use however we were budgeting ourselves to a cash trip and wanted to pay cash. No where does it state anything about it being the same card used to book site, simply a valid card. Simply stated, they saw an opportunity to rip somone off and attempted to take it.My wife got upset, she asked what the F&^% was the difference, in which they became very upset over her language asked us to leave and would still be charging my mothers card. I pleaded with Bina and the manager to simply honor the rate and they proceeded to call the cops on us. There were no threats made, they just got called out on their own bulls*&^% and were pissed we gave coupon to another couple. (It was a good coupon, 50% off rate basically. My wife explained she was extremely upset and she has a feeding tube and pain pump installed and when agitated she quite often needs emergency help, in which they would not provide us the decency to call an ambulance, They called the cops instead. We left, I had my kids in the car and really didn't want them to go through that. I strongly warn anyone that before they go here, they make sure the price WILL be honored, and that Mr. Jinwala makes up his own rules based on what he thinks of you. We are a white family and he treated the other families of his race with the utmost respect, but when we showed the coupon, he completely changed his attitude with us.I would go as far as saying we felt discriminated against based on color of our skin and opur economical status. These are not good people and I HIGHLY recomend not going there. Microtel, is where we ended up and they are an amazing group of people, honored another coupon and were very willing to help us with our bags, and my wifes medical equipment.
