5	Want to feel like you're in a small town?  Come here.  Why?  Because there is such an amazing sence of community here.  Sit up at the counter, try a slice of one of Peggy's famous homade pies and chat with the waitress.  She's better than any bartender.  Or better yet, bring some family or friends and sit down at one of the tables and order some real food.  Real food because it's all homemade.  From the biscuits to the chicken fried steak to the smothered chicken to the meatloaf or some real get you going breakfast food.  From scratch food at practically fast food prices.  It's insane. The waitresses are amazing.  Our 3rd time there we had the same waitress we had the 1st time.  She remembered our order - including a special request for gravy on the side.  Before we said it.  And it had been weeks since she saw us.  We decided it was kinda freaky - but amazingly cool at the same time. They are all amazingly nice in a down home kind of way.  Ya might get called hun.  Or sweetie.  I've seen regulars get their hair scruffled.  One time we were there I saw the wait staff pull out the white pages to try to find the phone number for one of their regulars.  They were concerned that they hadn't seen him yet that week.  They found out he was sick, and one of the women said she'd bring him some food on her way home.  Right there and then - they had my business.  I may not live in the area anymore, but we try to make it over there at least a few times a year.  Who wouldn't want to support service like that?When you go - be aware of their hours.  These are small town too.  M-F 5am-9pmSaturday - 5am-3pmSunday 6am-3pm
3	I totally expect to see Mel Sharpel's slinging hash in the kitchen with Alice, Flo and Vera, in those cute waitress outfits, tending to the eclectic brood of diners. And while the fictional characters from my past aren't here, you will find some REAL characters. My favorite is the older couples who don't speak to each other but instead read the newspaper. And the trucker guy who says things like "Thanks little lady". Not to be rude, I just batted my eyelashes and said, "Why you're welcome trucker man."  All the servers are women who know their regulars names and what they want. Without fail. Though I"m not much of a pie guy (insert homo joke here), people line up for Peggy's Pies. Me? I'm all about breakfast on the weekends and anything with gravy. Come for the meatloaf, chicken fried chicken or the biscuits but stay for the pie. It's like taking a trip to the midwest without the cavity search at Sky Harbor.
5	This year marks the 15th Year 40th St has been open. This year marks the 1st time I have been there......That is a sad thing. This place is exactly what I want. 1. Homemade food. I am not talking about just the soup either. 2. Small and friendly 3. Good prices and portions to match I had the meatloaf open faced sandwich served with mashed potato's and corn. It was the best I have had in years. Maybe the best ever. They wrap the ML in bacon while cooking it. It gives a good flavor to the meat and they even slice some of the bacon in with the meal. PS the biscuits look amazing.
5	Why, why, WHY has no one told me about this place! This place is EXACTLY what I want when I go out to breakfast!The location:Totally tucked into that strip mall at 4oth & Greenway where most people (including me) never get past Starbucks and The Gelato Spot. Small inside, but feels cozy. The service:Awesome- nice ladies who fill up your coffee, are sweet to your kid and know that what they do is based on immediately making you feel comfortable. On a related note for those of you with kids- There is NOTHING I appreciate more at a restaurant than a server who 1) gets your kids food out as soon as possible. Eating kid = happy kid and 2) hands YOU the hot plate so you can take care of it, rather than dropping the plate in front of your 2 year old, announcing it's hot and leaving. DUH!The food:Fantastic- I had the chicken and veggie skillet. I never order skillets because they are always greasy and loaded with cheese. I took a risk and it paid off! Perfect combo of yummy but  not, I need to purge after this!The price:Just right, a LOT of food for not  a lot of money. Me, the wife, and our full size 2 year old ate for under $25. And let's just say I took food home- NEVER happens :)The customers:Totally cool- the place is full of regulars who were all nice to our little one. It didn't hurt that he went table to table saying goodbye on our way out, but nothing makes me want to smash a face as much as a person who is rude to my kid so mad props to the regs!All in all, this place  is just my speed and we will be back... A LOT!
5	This place is totally awesome. Hubby found it on Yelp this morning and so glad we gave it a try! It is located in a sleepy stripmall behind a Starbucks and Gelado Spot, so I am guessing a lot of people don't know its there.It is small but they are big on friendliness. The waitresses are the fun no-nonsense type with great senses of humor and are very attentive. We were poured cup after cup of hot fresh coffee and they were very sweet to our little boy. Even the other patrons were sweet, saying hello to him and giving him a smile.The food was out of this world- we got a nice big pancake, scrambled egg and sausage patty for our son who ate the WHOLE thing! I got the machaca and eggs and it was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. The machaca was seasoned perfectly and had nice big pieces of bell pepper and onions, and was covered with eggs and chunky salsa. It also came with nice big chunks of chargrilled new potato homefries! So good!It was so much food, I had to take half of it home, but it wound up being my lunch. Most of the dishes range from $6-$9 and they offer lunch and dinner all day long. This is a great place to bring your family, they are great with kids and we were in and out of there in under an hour. Highly recommended!
5	Went here for breakfast with Hubby and Little Man today. I can't say enough how much we love this place! Even when there's a wait, you don't have to wait too long and the service is very good. The regulars are friendly with our son and the food is awesome! I usually get the machaca and eggs, or a tuna melt on a bagel. They have the best fries ever! The kids' meals are inexpensive, they bring crayons and paper, and give them cookies at the end of the meal. Couldn't ask for more!
4	This place is great.  I have only had breakfast but the food is sooo good. It's a really small place so there us usually a wait but it'sworth it. Enjoy. : )
4	As has been said before, this is a tiny place full of regular customers.  The portions are generous and the price certainly is right.  The waitress wouldn't stop asking my 2 year old what the "Easter Bunny" was bringing her.  It got kind of old especially since we don't worship Bunnies at our house.  Seating was tight and we got to sit next to a guy having breakfast with his girlfriend and happy to say that his wife was home sleeping.  I wouldn't say that that the clientele all lived in the trailer park but some do.  If we go again we'll try and get there early before the crowds.  The bacon was especially tasty.
4	Great breakfast food for way cheap! WARNING: Only odd thing is that when you order an omelet with cheese, they put the cheese on the top, outside. So you have to ask for the sheese inside when you order.  Other than that, I'm becoming a regular. My husband and one of the servers always joke about the Cardinals (she's a huge fan) and when he went with my sister once without me, he said he got a few funny looks. THis is a great place for basic breakfast faves. Nothing fancy (you're all sort of crammed in there)  but really comfortable and good food.
5	I have probably been here 100 times in the last 10 years!!! This is THE breakfast spot to go in Phoenix. Location is great, price is even greater.If you go on the weekends be prepared to stand outside an wait because there WILL be a wait everybody who is anybody knows about Peggy's aka 40th street cafe. Breakfast - The best ever!!! Biscuits and gravy are rediculously good, and the waffles are amazing. They only have 1 waffle maker so if one table orders two waffles they will serve you a half at a time which is cool i think.Dinner - FISH FRY and chicken fried steak!!!!!! Thats all i am at liberty to speak of since those are the best two diner items ive had. Wear Cardinals gear during football season and you get free coffee!!!!!
2	This is definitely not my favorite place for breakfast.  I hated the wicked crammed layout of this place and the decor is just confusing.  I don't get the diamond-plate on the walls and I definitely don't understand the down home country kitschy decorations up on shelves.  Whatever, it's about the food right?I ordered a bacon and cheese omelet with hashbrowns and I was a little less than impressed.  The omelet was pretty crispy on the edges, and that is only appropriate when I order fried eggs.  The bacon was okay, but too overdone.  There wasn't enough cheese and the cheese that was there was just blah.  The hashbrowns just tasted like potatoes.  They needed a ton of salt for me to eat them.  I thought the portions, while enough for me, were a bit small for the price.  Pretty much everywhere else I can get a heaping plate of breakfast food for under 7 bucks.  I've had better.  That's really all there is.  The service was nice enough but I just don't really care for this place.  I really felt like I was eating in some po-dunk town with all the strange "characters" dining here.  At least it didn't make me sick.
5	It's not often I feel the need to rush home to post a review for a place I have just eaten.  But I am in a breakfast bliss thanks to this place.  Moving to a different part of town is difficult, especially when it comes to things like finding all new places to eat a inexpensive yet great breakfast on the weekends. Alas, the Peoria Cafe is too far away for a Saturday morning breakfast run, so a new "hole in the wall" was needed. I refuse the "popular" standards such as IHOP and Denny's, and I was worried that there might not be a suitable spot nearby.Thank God for Yelp! The reviews were mostly good for this place, which was only a few miles away, so thought I would try it.  Everyone said to expect a line, but I got lucky and grabbed a spot at the counter right away. Ordered something simple; eggs and bacon with hash browns and toast. OMG, the bacon, the bacon.  It was incredible, the thickest, most wonderful bacon I have eaten in a while.  Hash browns were crispy (not greasy) and eggs, well are eggs.  I can't wait to bring all my family here when they visit! ONe thing though, when people say it is small, they are not kidding.  Even after reading that, I was surprised how small it was.  There are about 15 tables packed in there, and that's it. One of the waitresses was talking about 2 guys sitting at a table talking for over 3 hours - don't be rude, go somewhere else and catch up.  Make room for someone else to sit down and let your waitress earn a living.
5	Ya'll come! Friendly down to earth good fixin's and hot coffee! 2 tv's in case you dine alone, but come back a 2nd time and the staff will become like family. :)
4	I think Daren C. and I have the same taste buds! Now that I have mine back that is.... long story. I went to have my dogs groomed in the area and the owner of the kennel said this joint has a great breakfast. So I love to eat and I had an hour to kill so 40th street here I come. He was right this joint has a pretty tasty Bfast. I had this skillet with Eggs, Chorizo, onions, peppers and potatoes. It was huge! It was nummy nu mmy in my tummy. The best part is.......wait for it.........they had my favorite coffee ever! Farmer Brothers! I am not a coffee drinker and don't claim to be but I will drink a pot of that Farmer Brothers it is so good! Warning do not order the sausage gravy, it is not real gravy and they just toss sausage in it YUCK! Besides the gravy and one annoying waitress. This joint is cool with me. I took one star away because they need to clean a little better. All and all good food, good price, good portions and a good start to my day! Thanks
3	This is a decent little neighborhood restaurant. I've eaten breakfast and lunch there. But were good, what I would expect. I had a veggie sandwich with turkey added. It was one of the only healthy options on the meal. But it was very good with all fresh ingredients. The guacamole was probably premade, but had a good flavor. The menu is diner-like. I could tell they have a lot of "regulars". The staff are very friendly, like a family. I look forward to eating there every once in awhile. I love to support privately-owned neighborhood restaurants.
2	I just never understand how people can think this cafe is so great.  My folks regularly eat here, but every single time I have gone, I have been very disappointed with the quality of their food.  I was there yesterday (with my folks) and ordered 1/2 grilled cheese and a bowl of French Onion soup.  My sandwich was cold, cheese not melted, and my soup had unmelted square cheese sticking out the bottom.  It was barely hot.  My Mom had the fish and chips and she said it was the worst fish ever.  When we left the place, it was packed.  I guess I simply look for good food, prepared to order, and served hot.  Not my favorite place, and I think it was my last visit.
5	I was pissed off to be full... That's how good this place was.
2	there are great reviews for this place, but for me, the experience was only so-so. the food really wasn't anything impressive. the eggs themselves were fine, but salsa was too watery and made them runny. the toast tasted like white bread but they said it was sourdough. the hash browns were the best part of the meal. it was very cramped and there was no clear path to the door. you sit basically on top of other guests - no real space between tables, which is awkward unless you're the type of person that  wants to get to know the strangers seated 2 feet from your table. our server wasn't so friendly either. i don't think i'll be back.
2	Don't get me wrong - I enjoy a hole-in-the-wall sorta place. But I also expect the food to outshine the location, ya know?First, let me say there was nothing -wrong- with the food.  The omelet was not under or overcooked - but it was just bland.  Personally, I like my omelets to have a little browning and caramelization and these were just typical and plain.  The coffee wasn't very good - it tasted a little burnt, in fact, and I left not very culinarily satisfied.I can appreciate the unique look and feel (cramped as it is), and can tell there are a bunch of regulars whom the staff know by name, and there is a good "vibe" to the place.  But without the food to back it up, I doubt I'll be coming back.
5	Nothing says family like 40th St. Cafe. My family and I have been going to 40th St Cafe since I was a kid and it has a special place in my heart.  My mom was at 40th St Cafe every day for coffee, many days for lunch, and we often went for dinner. Being a single mom, raising two boys, she also was allowed to pick up shifts to earn extra money. When she was hospitalized for pneumonia, the cafe fed my brother and I. One of her dreams was to take us back to New York and show us where she grew up, but we could never afford it. . After she was diagnosed with cancer, the cafe staff, and some of the regulars raised enough money to send my mom, brother, and I to New York for a week with spending money. Our whole family was also there for a big reunion. It is a trip we will never forget. 5 years ago, we lost my mom to breast cancer. Every year, the cafe participates in the Walk for the Cure in honor of my mom and others that have passed.   I live in Gilbert now, so I do not go as often as I would like, but any opportunity to get to that side of town, 40th St Cafe is where I will go. Peggy's Pies are incredible! Best in the valley. If you like good home cooked meals, this is the place to go. I usually end up ordering the Cobb Salad with Blue Cheese dressing. They make their own Blue Cheese, and it is amazing, different than what you are used to. I also love their Guacamole Burger. For breakfast, you cannot go wrong with the Ultimate Skillet.   So if you are anything like me and like to bring business to people who really go the extra mile to make a difference in people's lives, then go check it out. You won't be sorry you did. :)
4	This place is like a step back in time. When food served in a restaurant tasted like mom would make. I eat here mainly for breakfast and iv'e never had a bad meal. The portions are plentiful and the food is good. I'm not talking fancy just good food for the money. They also have awesome meal deals.
4	I have only had breakfast here a few times, but thought it was great. They have large portioned, country style breakfasts. Very good value since some of the other nearby breakfast places charge much more for smaller portions. Everything tastes fresh (no frozen potatoes!) and the service is friendly. I just wish it was a little bigger inside the restaurant, since its a bit cramped.
4	I really enjoy this place. It is always busy and the food and service are great. It's the small town resturant in the big city.
5	I Love this little Cafe. I have been going to 40th Street since they opened. I'm pretty sure my Dad's a regular. Everything I get is just how I expect it. My usual is ham and eggs which is a pretty good size breakfast to include hashbrowns and a bread. Coffee is wonderful!!I have even tried their lunches. They made a pretty good burger and buffalo chicken sandwich is great. They have great daily specials as well. Friendly ladies too. Thanks Ladies =)
4	REALLY small. Not that there is anything wrong with that.Very friendly staff and a really good chicken fried steak and eggs. Your coffee cup will never be empty.
1	Wow this was place is so creepy and the customers are just as creepy,A friend of mine hade mentioned that this place had good breakfast,so I thought I would give it a try.I walked in the joint to give it a try and the looks i got when i walked in where enough to make me want to run out I have never seen more racist freaks crammed into a small place in my life,The Career sever was just as racist as all of the freaks in the joint, just rude as hell,Bottom line if you you want to experience phoenix racism at it's best go to 40th st Cafe,food cold service terrible and rude career waitress from hell, i would warn anyone who is not white and ignorant to not set foot in this place,more freakks and employees crammed into this place than i have ever seen!Stay clear unless your writeing a book on racism in phoenix at its best.
4	What a great find and thanks to Yelp! its small, but food was good and just the right amount and at a great price. Will definitely be heading here again even if its out of my way for breakfast. They have lunch and dinner too, menu looks good, so I'll have to try them for lunch and dinner too.
2	My family and I have been faithful, frequent patrons of this place for 6 1/2 years.  We appreciated the service, food, and prices.  However, things have changed for the worse!  On our last few visits, the portion sizes have been consistently shrinking.  I suspect sub-standard ingredients in use, as well.  Such a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT!!!  After all this time, I can no longer count on my expectations being fulfilled.  I feel so CHEATED!  I would much rather see a fair price increase than have to search for a new favorite spot.
4	40th St Cafe is a little neighborhood breakfast/lunch cafe with about 5 stools at the counter, 20 tables inside and three or four outside.  The staff is upbeat and friendly toward everyone.  If you've been there a few  times, they remember your beverages. You never have to wait long for your food which is basic and consistent.  There is always a breakfast special and a lunch special with a couple of soups they make.  When we enter, we always check to see the message on the blocks and the special(s) listed on the chalkboard. I love when they have a special with chips, because they make their own.  For a bottomless cup of coffee and Coke, a breakfast, and a lunch, our bill has never been over $20.  These days, that's a bargain!  Relax and enjoy!
4	Eggs Benedict were good not great. But the staff was very friendly and attentive. Good american breakfast place. Close quarters for seating, reminds me of being on a ship. That's a good thing, because the quality of service also is cruise like. I will be back.
4	Just got back from breakfast at the 40th Street Cafe.  For a Tuesday morning, it was BUSY.  Only a couple tables open.  My waitress Sherrie was a total delight; I never saw a smile leave her face.I ordered a breakfast sandwich on a croissant (75 cents extra, totally worth it), sub bacon instead of ham, and sub scrambled eggs instead of the over hard egg just like I saw in a picture here on yelp.  It was great!  Loads of bacon, the eggs were great (not dry like other breakfast places like to serve you).  The hashbrowns were good - although not seasoned at all, like another reviewer noted, so I had to salt them myself... but that seems to be a norm for breakfast places like these, since a lot of their clientele is of the older generation who can't handle salt.Lots of regulars here, lots of people just sitting drinking coffee and reading the paper.  Although one woman was totally rude and annoying - my waitress was taking the order of a woman sitting at the table next to me, and a woman at the table across the aisle threw her wadded-up straw wrapper at the waitress while she was taking the order - it almost landed in the full pot of coffee on the table - then apologized to the customer getting her order taken, saying she was trying to hit the waitress, and let out the most ungodly hyena-like guffaw I've ever heard.  I get that you know the waitress and you're trying to be funny, but jesus christ.  Have some respect and try to contain yourself.  She was at least 60 years old btw.ANYWAY, overall it was a great experience and I had a good time just sitting there eating watching the price is right on their 20-year-old television.  I'll be heading back there for sure.
3	So this cafe, is pretty standard. I mean they have the food you'd expect for breakfast.I really am surprised by how high the ratings are. I was not impressed at all by the food they served. I love going into diners/cafes and this just didn't meet my expectations.Their omelettes were whack. Tasted rubbery and eggs were way over cooked. The cheese they used was not right at all either. I hope all their high ratings were from the lunch menu, because breakfast is not worth it in my opinion..Staff was nice and that is what prevents them from going under the 3 star mark.
4	40th Street Cafe is a delightful place for home cooking.I was looking for good meatloaf and I found it! I will return for another dinner.Tina was a delightful server. She took my dietary restriction into consideration and suggested I have the hash browns with my meatloaf. A good suggestion.
4	Great little hidden local spot.  I arrived before my breakfast date and the server got my ready with coffee and the menu.  My coffee cup was never empty.  This is a huge plus in my breakfast world.  I ordered with breakfast sandwich with bacon substituted for the ham and hash browns extra crispy.  This was such a simple comfort food breakfast that I could have easily cooked for myself at home, but instead the staff here made it for me and it was even better.This is truly a tiny little place with as many tables as possible pushed in there.  So if you don't like seeing what your neighbor is eating, you might try someplace else.  I personally loved making conversation about what they ordered for breakfast.Love 40th Street Cafe and can't wait to try it for lunch.
2	Blueberry pancakes were very bland.  No flavor at all.  Excellent service however.
5	Love the staff the eggs and bacon were perfect. This is the type of place I'd recommend to bring a family to eat at. I am giving it a 5 great experience.
5	Great place. The food was good. The prices were reasonable, and the service was great. It's a great neighborhood joint.
4	Came in on a Wednesday just after 11am so we just missed their breakfast specials. Our meals were very large and priced well. I had a combo plate with pancakes, eggs and sausage. I ordered a bagel with cream cheese on the side as well.  The pancakes were very large and fluffy and my eggs were poached PERFECTLY!  The bagel was very fresh tasting... not sure if they make them there but I would be surprised if they didn't!  Did have to take one star away because my husband did not enjoy his Eggs Benedict.  The hollandaise sauce was quite bland and not a true hollandaise sauce at all.Other than that we really enjoyed our server, she was very friendly and never let our coffee cups go empty.  We will be back!
5	First time here and I would definitely go back. Great friendly service with a real local feel like everybody already knows you. I felt like I was walking into Cheers where everybody knows your name. The staff was just super friendly, in a good mood, and talking to everybody. My order was pretty difficult because I'm always customizing things, so it's usually a crap shoot if it comes out right. Everything was perfect, hot, and tasted really good.Great little small local cafe spot for breakfast!
5	Breakfast sandwich. Taylor ham. Sourdough, home fries.  That's what you need to get!! Great service!  Awesome menu!
3	This place had impressed us in 2007. So, while vacationing in Phoenix yet one more time, we were trying to re-live good old times, we returned.  Sadly, this time it was not meant to be a happy experience for all.Seeing meatloaf on the menu is Mr. B's signal to stop looking. But, too bad. This meatloaf sandwich was beyond salty. I think if the chef had practiced some restraint on the salt, the meatloaf might have been wonderful.  It had a unique sweetness (perhaps the bell pepper?) that I thought was good. But then there were also the powdered mashed potatoes covered with a salty brown gravy and the overcooked green beans. Frankly, it did not cut it. I knew I would hear about it later.My breakfast was supposed to be a home baked biscuit topped with ham and egg and gravy.  I requested my biscuit be served separately and they kindly provided it on a separate plate with some butter.  Huge and thick it was, but you and I know being big does not necessarily make it better.  This biscuit was dense and doughy. I was going to give it the benefit of the doubt and picked out one blackberry jam packet from a carrier set on the table.  And lucky I did.  The waitress came by and smilingly asked me if I had enough jam.  Not getting her drift, I said yes.  Then she, without further ado, commandeered that little jam organizer and presented it to another table.  Whut? Is this yet another recessionary tactic?My eggs were scrambled nicely. And the smokey ham was thinly sliced and tasty. The sausage gravy was delicious.  But I was still reeling from the jam thievery. As it turned out, I was not that impressed with the biscuit and ended up leaving the outsides on the plate and eating the buttered innards with my teaspoon of jam. So I guess she did me a favor so I wouldn't eat so many carbs without thinking.BTW - The hashbrowns were perfect. Soft inside and crispy outside. Ate em all.Coffee is by Farmer Brothers. A brew that is too light for my liking. I passed.So, while my breakfast was OK, the meatloaf was a complete let down.I doubt I will be able to get Mr. B back.  Once bit, twice shy.
4	This a a great local place where you can get diner food and be treated like they are happy to have you drop by for a meal. The first time I went, I felt like an outsider because everyone seemed to know each other and the servers. The second time I went-the servers remembered me and welcomed me back. They even remembered what I drank. Needless to say-this a a friendly local place with simple good food at an affordable price. They must be doing something right because there is always a nice crowd of people but you can still get a table. They top off your drinks the entire meal!!  I enjoy this cafe and frequent it often.
2	Meh, disappointing. The food and service were nothing to write home about. I got the Eggs Benedict. The hollandaise was tasteless and coffee tasted like dirt.  My plate was taken away by Tina without being asked if I was done.  The same server didn't even thank me when she gave me my bill.  I would have had better food and service at Denny's.
4	Great selection of food and good prices. Had never noticed it tucked away in the plaza till a friend of mine mentioned it to me. I was not expecting much from the outside but I am glad I went in.
3	I'm pretty sure all the amazing reviews of this establishment are thanks in large part to the friendly staff.  It was so cool to watch them in action, like an old movie set at a diner.  Their interaction with the customers, particularly the regulars, was so nice and welcoming I could barely stand it.  For that reason, I can see this place being rated highly.As for the food, I found it to be pretty standard breakfast fair.  I had corned beef hash with eggs.  I asked for my eggs medium, but they came out a bit under for me with the whites a little runny, so I barely touched them.  The hash browns and corned beef were pretty good with a nice crispiness.  I asked for a biscuit on the side, which was a nice treat.  Could have been cooked a tad longer, but all in all it was tasty.I would surly come back to 40th Street Cafe.  The quaint diner feel was so unique and nice... that would bring me back for sure.
1	I had been to 40th St. Cafe a few times previous to my last visit and thought quite highly of the place, however, my last (and final) visit was a total nightmare...I got food poisoning for the first time of my life and have finally been able to keep solids/liquids down.  I would not wish food poisoning on my worst enemy. FWIW, I had the ultimate skillet for breakfast (I know - it sounds gross just saying it), so I'd surely recommend to tready lightly with the meat if you visit this spot.  Additionally, the service was lousy and there were a lot of weird vibes/negative energy around the place.I opted not to report this to the health department and decided to post to Yelp instead.
5	Always a great place to have breakfast! Definitely our favorite!! You'll feel like family as soon as you walk into the cafe! Staff is wonderful and the food is delicious. French toast griddle, scrambled eggs with cheese, all bacon. PERFECT mix of salty and sweet!
5	Great service & great food! Brought a group of 13, 5 being small children. Everyone was so kind!!!
3	My bf and I weren't a fan of this place. It's very loud and small inside. I ordered a mushroom and cheese omelette, bacon and a biscuit. Bf ordered a spanish omelet with salsa and home fries.My omelette wasn't seasoned at all and lacked flavor. The bacon and biscuit were great tho. The bf liked his meal. The one thing we both agreed on was that the coffee was awful!!
4	Good food at reasonable prices. This place is the neighborhood restaurant you may remember from your childhood; a great place to feel at home, to have a great breakfast, to enjoy a good sandwich. The staff are as user friendly as the food. The ambiance is simple, American, and kept clean.
4	This place needs to be called the Cheers of Phoenix. Everybody knew everybody's name as they came in and left. The food was good but the friendliness of the staff and the fact that so many people were regulars made me think this is a place I need to go back to over and over as well. I had my usual, an omelet and fries for brunch on Sunday, which was exactly how I ordered it and tasted awesome. Pam, my server recommended chicken strips which are hand made from fresh chicken and did look delicious on another customers plate. Decor needs a little tidying up. I love the fact that they're honoring our service men and women but it is a little hodgepodge. Worth a visit if you like good food and places that like their regulars enough to know their names!
5	Service 5/5Staff was awesome...Friendly, quick, & attentive! They doted over our baby too so that helped!Food 4/5Food was honestly pretty darn good! I had the Eggs Benedict w/ hashbrowns. The baby had Scrambled Eggs & the French Toast. 4/5 because the french toast was dry & maybe a smidge over cooked. Ambiance 4/5Really small & tight squeeze! But everyone (including the patrons) were super kind & friendly...like a family!Overall Experience 5/5It was an awesome experience!Total 4.5/5 (I'm gonna truncate (round up) to 5 Stars because Yelp doesn't do half points.)Bottom Line... I'd definitely go back & I'd definitely recommend to a friend!
5	Great staff, great prices, great food. Can't say enough good things!
5	I have been eating breakfast here for the last 25 years. My dad and I would go every Sunday together. BEST HOME TOWN, ORIGINAL, FEEL GOOD DINER LEFT IN PHOENIX! Peggy is the owner as always has been. Her staff never changes and you always have pleasant people to visit with. I just took my own children in for breakfast just the other day even though we live 25 miles away! The food is great and VERY inexpensive....Kids meals are $1.50-$2.00....WOW!Sherrie and Tina are the best!!!!Thanks!Richard (Blake)
4	4 out of 5 stars only because the cafe is small and the floors were dirty. Other than that, the service and food was great. I had the Eggs Benedict and my husband had the corned beef hash. (Seems to be a breakfast trend of ours as of late). The Benedict sauce was delicious, I was even dipping the potatoes in it. Plenty of food at a good price. I look forward to coming back and trying a different item on the menu.
5	Breakfast special:2 egg omelet, home fries, and English muffin was excellent! Service is great, and pecan pie slice purchased to go didn't make it out the door! :)
