5	After living in Chicago for 6 months I got a major addiction to Chicago-style "stuffed" pizza. I was never able to find anything that came close to living up to Chicago standards anywhere else in the country until I tried Roasti's here in Vegas. To be 100% honest, I would NEVER order Rosati's in Chicago. It doesn't live up to Giordanno's or Art of Pizza or Lou Malnati's. BUT for Vegas I think this pizza is awesome and definitely stays true to the "art form" that is Chicago pizza. I hate when places call their pizza Chicago style and just serve you pan-pizza. Chicago pizza is NOT pan pizza. The bottom of the crust shouldn't be too thick.. the cheese has to be stringy and gooey and the tomato sauces goes on TOP. That is Chicago style! The cheese.. the crust.. the sauce.. this place has it going on! While it certainly couldn't hold it's own in the city of Chicago (in my opinion), it's the best I've found in Vegas by FAR. Pie town doesn't even come close to living up.
5	My husband is from Illinois.  We have been married 23 years and for all of these years I have had to listen to him pine for "Chicago-style pizza".  I was never very sympathetic until I finally went to Chicago and had Giordanno's.  Wow.  As soon as I returned to Henderson, I started looking for my hubby's holy grail.  What a surprise to find this place - and so close to home!  AND they deliver!The Monster is our favorite- sausage, pepperoni, bacon, ground beef, mushroom, onion, green pepper, tomatoes, green and black olives.  We add anchovies so there's enough of a salt flavor - LOL!  The teens love the pepperoni.  They offer several kinds of crusts - thin, double dough, chicago style, super stuffed and pan - BUT the Chicago style is our choice.This is no Little Caesar's - the tab can get up there - but the pies are huge as well as deep.  A small can satisfy my husband and myself whereas a large from somewhere else usually is required.The place itself is a mere hole-in-the-wall in a strip mall.  I think most people order takeout or delivery.  But there are a few small tables and a t.v. which is usually tuned to a game.  Not much ambiance, at all.  But, oh, the Chicago style pizza!  Heaven.  Their menu includes other choices like pasta and Italian dinners, wings, burgers, etc.  I haven't tried anything other than their pizza.A note regarding ordering other styles of crust besides Chicago - unless you specify, they will cut the pie into tiny squares.  For us, that is not a very satisfying piece of pizza.  I am not sure why they do that, but that is my only complaint about this place.
5	I love this pizza,,,makes me feel like i'm back in chicago...hot damn it's delicious.the sauce,the cheese and everything...better than some of these so called chicago authentic places out here now that claim to be from chicago.If you love rosatis in chicago you'll definitely love it out here.
4	While most pizzerias in Vegas are obsessed with pretending they're from New York, the best pizza is from Chicago--thick crust, fresh ingredients and tasty sauce.  So delicious and substantial that one slice makes a full meal.  Rosati's has brought the genius of the Windy City pizza pie to Vegas and they've done a brilliant job.  Most delivery places in Vegas will bring you a pizza 1/2 a step above the frozen cardboard you find in the grocery aisle.  Don't wallow in pizza mediocrity.  Order a pie from Rosati's and learn what you've been missing.
5	In my opinion this is the best pizza in the city.  Originally being from the midwest I never could get used to the greasy New York style pizza that seems to be so popular here.  I haven't tried the deep dish but I will tell you that the thin crust is pretty much just like I used to get back home.  Cracker thin with a crunch, fresh tomato sauce, and toppings that go under the cheese... this is as good as it gets.
5	I have been coming here since the place opened in 1994  and it is ALWAYS consistent. The deep dish pizza is authentic as you can get  here in the Las Vegas valley. The Cheef and Italian beef sandwiches are very good as well. This place has been here 17 years which is a eternity for this town!!
4	I want to give this place a good rating, but a few things are bothering me.First off, this place is only a storefront.  Meaning, you can't dine in here.  It's like one of those Pizza Hut delivery only locations, except there aren't even any tables.  So you either have to carry out or get it delivered.  Meh.The first time, I tried the "Rosati's Famous Ribs."  They were decent, but far from the best I've tasted.  They're of the St. Louis variety; thick and meaty, but soft and easy to consume.  The sauce was very strong and overpowering.  A much better alternative is Ellis Island BBQ, if you're just going for the ribs, otherwise I'd just settle for half a rack and something else.Next, I tried the pizza.  The lady I ordered from was very unclear over the phone.  I wanted to try the Rosati's Pan Pizza (the thick crust; like the Chicago style, but without all those extra gross tomatoes on top).  There was a miscommunication and I ended up with the double dough crust (which is the thin crust, doubled up with more crust).  I was disappointed by the mistake, but the pizza was still good (the crust was merely okay).  I also had the BBQ wings, which were very good.All in all, it's a 4 star rating for the food, but a mediocre 3 for the presentation and customer service.
4	I came here for the Italian Beef Sandwich. The Flavor and Taste was excellent. If this is something you crave from Chi Town, you wont go wrong. I have not tried the Pizza yet.
5	I wanted to try a new pizza place, and this hit the spot! Initially, I was surprised by how expensive a pizza was, but once I got this 10 lb. behemoth, I began to understand. I wasn't getting your every day corporate chain pizza, I was getting something of true pizza craftsmanship. This was everything I have been wanting in a pizza for over 15 years.
5	Being a Chicago native I've searched all of Las Vegas to find some Chicago style foods ... I found Hot Dog Heaven ...which was good because i just began my search ... then I found Chicago Dogs and I was hooked on them for a long time but it was way out of my way but worth the ride ... and then I moved ... and found Rosati's it was perfect deep dish pizza but then they CLOSED ... no notice at all ... I had pizza hut that night ... I found my next Rosati's on Silverado Ranch ... and they were consistent as the wigwam location the pizza was great ... I will request my pizza cut in squares next time ... but i gotta try the Italian Beef next ... I recommend Rosati's for deep dish Chicago style pizza ... you won't be disappointed and you wont have to eat pizza hut
5	We ordered every Saturday from here and its so sad that they closed. We've been worried about you guys. A little heads up would have been nice.We all wish you the best in your future endeavors and our search for a perfect pie will continue....so hard in this town and you were ooh so close.
4	I grew up in Chicago and enjoyed many a Pizza in my days there. Since I left it was a struggle finding something as good. Well this chain is a truly great Pizza. And I would give them a try
5	The pizza is a slice of heaven! There was a new driver who couldnt follow directions but otherwise a perfect pizza pie experience. SO GLAD YOU ARE BACK!!!!!!! Tried the wings for the first time and even I was impressed with them. Im a wing snob so good job!
4	This was our first visit to Rosati's. We were greeted by Courtney who was amazing, friendly and helpful with our order. Deep dish pizza's duration was about 45mins so order first before coming to the store. Pizza was delicious. We think it should be cooked a lil more. Next time, we'll have to get the smaller ones.
2	Embarassed to say that we ate at this Rosati's every week the first year we were here until they closed a short time ago.  I even wrote corporate to see if they would reopen. Just imagine my glee when I found out they would be reopening!   That's where my joy ends.  We ordered the exact same thing we've been ordering and were very saddened with what we got.  If you know Rosati's italian beef (from Illinois or from when this loc was previously open) then you know what I was expecting....  an overstuffed sandwhich with lots of peppers and a big ol' pile of melted cheese...that is sooooo far from what I got.  Barely 6 pieces of meat, you could see at least 2 - 21/2 inches of the bread inside the sandwhich there was so little filling. Disappointing to say the least.  The pizza sauce tasted like tomato soup (???) and was close, but not as good as the old ones.  I'm hoping there is a learning curve with the new management, but not going to hold my breath as I have ordered 3 since they reopened and sadly, they were all the same.   Our search continues for good pizza and beef.... sigh.
1	BEWARE this Rosati's has changed ownership and you should avoid it.We placed a phone order for delivery at 6:50 and were told it would be 45 minutes. One hour and 15 minutes later we called back and they had lost the address. It wasn't clear if they had made the pizzas and they were sitting around or if they just lost the whole order. In any case, they said they'd send them right out.We live 7 minutes away. 35 minutes later we called again and got more confusing answers about who was the manager and where our order was. We asked for a refund and told them we still wanted our pizza. Their response was that we would have to pay if we wanted the pizza, so we told them to just issue a refund and keep the pizzas. They said OK.We then called and placed an order with another nearby pizza place. During the call, the doorbell rang with Rosati's delivery person. Based on what we were told on the phone, we turned him away. He explained that they were under new management and had been messing things up all over the place. He left with the pizzas.What a fiasco. Maybe if they stay in business long enough to figure out how to handle a simple pizza order it will be good again. We'll never know, as we're never going to be their customers again.
4	We recently placed a delivery order for some pizza, our friend told us they had Chicago style pizza so we ran with it.  It has been awhile since I have had Chicago style pizza I had forgotten how utterly over whelming it can be.  The pizza must have weighed 15 pounds and was over an inch thick with crust and toppings.  One piece and I was stuffed so three pieces in for the three of use and we are only slightly over 1/4 done!  Guess I'm having cold pizza for breakfast!  It was spendy but the toppings were generous and tasty, the delivery time reasonable.
1	This used to be our go-to place for Chicago style pizza.It has went downhill to the point we will never go back. I had a bad experience back in July but thought everyone has  a bad day. Today cemented it.1) order screwed up again...2)long wait and they weren't even busy (we went to pick-up)3)Deep dish pizza was doughy, onions weren't cooked, ingredients not spread out evenly - just a bad, expensive pizzaSave your yourself a lot of grief and go anywhere else!
4	I have been coming here since 1995 , when I first moved to Las Vegas. I love the deep dish Chicago pizza . Good stuff !!
4	HUGE HUGE Pizza.  My wife and I got a Chicago-Style Pie for the two of us and we definitely over ordered.  Unless you plan on eating pizza for 3 days, I would get a small for just 2 people.  It felt like the box literally weighed 10 lbs...which I suppose isn't a bad thing because it meant they certainly didn't skimp on the toppings.  If you like Chicago-Style pizza you know how important the sauce on top of the pie is.  My wife who is Italian and who can be a picky eater really liked the sauce, and I couldn't disagree.We ordered out so I can't comment on the actual location and service, but based on the quality of the food we got I would totally go back with a few friends to split some pizza and some other favorites on the menu.
2	Walked into the store and ordered 14" Deep Dish, Meatballs, two Cannoli and a can of Dr. Pepper. No other customers were there and the phone wasn't ringing off the hook from what I could tell. As I waited, I heard the register girl laughing in the back, "They said they wanted to speak to the manager. I told them I WAS the manager. Ha ha ha." That should have been a red flag. The order was ready in a half hour and I took it to my car. I asked my wife to check for the Dr. Pepper. It was missing. SO I went in and got it. When we got home, we ate the pizza and meatballs. Both were good. But when we reached for dessert, we found out that they gave us cheese cake instead of cannoli. We were really looking forward to the cannolli. How hard is it to get an order right when nobody else is in the store? I may order pizza from them again but I'll make sure to check EVERYTHING. Can't stand incompetence or indifference.
4	Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmyyyyyy!Ordered delivery - 12" classic combo (hubby's favorite pizza toppings) on pan crust with alfredo sauce instead of tomato. Was offered a free one-topping 12" just for signing up with my email address! score...I got myself a 12" pepperoni and made it a deep dish for just a few bucks extra. Was quoted an hour delivery time - pizzas arrived in 45-50 min.Pizzas were hot and super heavy and once in our mouths - super yummy! We finally found a pizza spot that we LOVE!  Their alfredo sauce was nicely balanced and the ingredients are of high quality. Hopefully they could keep up this rep with us for future orders.Yes - we are fans!
1	Ordered from here tonight. I was so excited to have deep dish! I lived in Chicago for 37 years and terribly miss deep dish. So glad Rosati's is out here in Las Vegas. Until tonight. My pizza I had delivered was raw. The supervisor Alison was very rude. Kept saying they're all timed so it can't be raw. She wouldn't let me get a word in. Amateur supervisor no doubt. Her manager wouldn't let her refund it without the pizza. Are you kidding me?! What are they going to do with it? After I paid for delivery, they wanted me to drive it back. Sorry, have your driver come get it. After too much discussion they finally did. I showed the driver and she said "that's what it's supposed to look like". Sorry, I have had many deep dish and none were raw. This is clearly NOT what it's supposed to look like. They wouldn't refund delivery either. Terrible pizza and even worse customer service! I had to give one star or this wouldn't post, but I'd really give them no stars.
5	Will be back here every two weeks. Great pizza. Great options. Couldn't ask for better!
5	There are few places I would refer in Vegas, and this is one of them. Their pizza is addictive and scrumptious!  Always order one size bigger than you think because you'll want more. Ask for special deals to soften the expense here but everyone knows: when it comes to pizza you get what you pay for!
4	Ordered a bbq chicken deep dish and thin crust pizza for an office event. Both pies met the mark. The bbq pizza was a bit twangy and not as good as the last time I had tried it. Needless to say I hadn't paid for it the last time,  food tends to taste better that way.Overall if you are looking for solid pizza and come have east coast roots like me this may be your best shot at acquiring some sort of Deja Vu.
4	I always have the tough choice of Buon Gusto, Windy City and Rosati's. They're all about 2 miles apart.  But I wouldn't throw out 4 stars to mediocre pizza. This is great pizza. I am spoiled having such great pizza so close to home.
5	I have been coming here since 1995 , when I first moved to Las Vegas. I love the deep dish Chicago pizza . Just picked up a deep dish Chicago pizza and it was delicious !  Tim the new Kitchen manager  has  maintained the famous Rosati's sauce and crust  and  after  coming here for now unbelievable 19 years it's comfort food at its best .
1	I was in the area and was craving Chicago style pizza. Did a quick search and found this place. Ordered the Chicago style meat mania. The dough didn't taste fresh because the crust was hard, there was too much ground beef on it and the sauce tasted like it was out of a jar. Also got the double dough Monster and the cheese was rubbery and the green olives were unpleasant. Also got wings and they tasted like frozen out of the bag wings which also turned rubbery after a while. Overall this place is overpriced and overhyped. Those two pizzas and 12 wings was 60 bucks. Definitely won't be wasting my money here again.
1	Horrific. Ordered a cheef.... bread was stale and chewy, the meat was crispy and tasted like dog food....horrific, the cheese was rubbery... And though I ordered extra giardinara... hardly any came. The breaded mushrooms were soggy and tasted like they were sitting under a heat lamp for hours, the garlic knots were chewy and there was nothing garlic about the chewy bread I received. Not to mention it took an hour and a half when the girl on the phone said 45 minutes to an hour. This place used to be good... I will NEVER order from here again
2	Only reason that I'm giving a "bad" review is that according to this site AND the Rosati's website, they are open until 10PM on Sundays.  I called last night, which happened to be Sunday, at 9:20PM.  I was told that they are closing in 10 minutes and the ovens were off.  I mentioned that on both Yelp and their own website, that it states that they are open until 10PM.  The girl apologized.Really no sweat off my back.  I just called Round Table.  They were more than willing to take my business, and it was a great pie.
1	. .  We're visiting from Cali... We weren't too impressed.  We ordered at 5:59pm..3 pizzas total of $90 for delivery..mind you. . There's a delivery charge. .We were told our pizzas will be delivered in an hour.  After snacking on popcorn and cheese balls for 1.5 hrs... we realized our pizzas hadn't been delivered yet. I called at 7:30pm.. I was put on hold, then was told our pizzas are in their way.  . .7:45.. they finally arrived!  We tell the senior citizen delivery man this isn't right we waited so long! ! He puts the pizza back in the bag then tells me to call the mngr! My husband then tells HIM to call the mngr!! Ehhhh... I called!  Mngr tells me she's sorry. . She will talk to her people who took the order. . She goes on to say the pizzas we ordered takes 40 mins to make. . Had I known. ..I wouldn't have ordered!! Either take $20 off or take your pizzas back!! ... The Hubby was NOT happy. .. but Thank you mngr Jessica for recognizing your staffs error of misinformation and taking $20 off.. but next visit to Vegas. .our business will go elsewhere. . Especially because our crust was burnt!
1	This place is horrible! We ordered an order of fingers and the size was small they looked like they took frozen fingers and then deep fry them.  We also order fries it had no flavor and a calzone. 3 items totaled $27 with a 10 percent coupon what a rip off!!!
2	why does the pizza have taco spice flavor to it? this is driving me and my other family members nuts.. we have not yet complained about it but we are going to start.. this is the second pizza that has a spice to it.. not a normal pizza spice taste.. I feel like Im eating pizza taco...
5	Their pizza is always good! Love the deep dish! So when I ordered delivery and the wrong one was delivered I was a little disappointed... But when I called back they resolved it quickly and sent out another pie, and made it the next size up! Even though most people would be upset I know we all make a mistake.. It's how they took care of it that is gonna make me order delivery time and time again...
5	After reading some of the reviews on yelp my gf and I were a bit skeptical but decided to order the CHicago style pizza and some breadsticks. The pizza was incredible. The breadsticks were nothing to rave about but the pizza was great. We picked up and I have to say that I will order there again. Great pizza.
3	Pizza is good. But its over priced. We go here when our regular pizza place is closed.
5	Easily one of the top pizza places in town.  Thin crust is the way to go but you can't go wrong with deep dish either.  The only downside is the price.  It is pretty expensive but I will usually pay for the best.
1	this was my first time coming here and it will be my last! my chicago deep dish pizza was not cooked thoroughly! The pizza was uncooked in the middle. I could literally make dough balls out of the uncooked dough. It was disgusting and the worst experience of deep dish pizza ever. A waste of $35. What a donation -__-
1	We love Chicago style pizza. This place is practically across the street from our house. This should be a match made in heaven. Sadly, no. The cost is way more than it should be. The staff are not happy. The order will be wrong more often than right. And to top it off, the taste isn't that great. I can't recommend it.
1	Food is good.. but SOME of staff is very very rude. When I ordered from this location the girl on the phone very rudely stated "You know there's a location closer to your address." not kindly very rudely. Yea I do but the menus at each location are different. She basically said I don't want your money. Then the pizza got delivered to my OLD address she didn't even ask what address was correct just quickly hung up the phone. When I called to tell the girl its been a while since the food was ordered I figured out it was the old address and of course she was ticked off and even more rude. Thanks but no thanks wont be ordering here again. MAMA DE PALMAS is the place to go food  is better and staff cared about my business.
