5	Ultra Roofing & Exteriors were great to work with and made the entire process easy, from estimate to job completion. The owner, Joe Ward, was so nice and the price was great compared to all of the other estimates we received. He and his crew went above and beyond to ensure our new roof was perfect. He even replaced rotted boards and didn't charge us extra. I would recommend this company to everyone.
5	A contractor you can trust? It must be a lie! Well it isn't.  The owner of Ultra Roof and Exteriors is a sweetheart. Joe and his staff goes above and beyond to get the job done in a timely and professional manner. Never one to jerk you around and spring up "surprise service" charges,  he's a man that's good on his word. Plus he's hilariously amusing and wears too much orange.Ultra Roof and Exteriors is licensed to do both residential and commercial roofing and they do both well. Joe is knowledgeable, patient, and knows his trade inside and out.  So if your roof is fixing for, well, a fixing, call Joe!
1	I was recommended to Joe Ward through my handyman who has worked with him on projects in Scottsdale. He was highly recommended and he was kind enough to visit my home in Wickenburg to give me an estimate to redo my roof. I was so highly impressed by Joe that I immediately signed a contract for him to come, while I was on vacation, and re-roof my home. I came back from my vacation 3 weeks later to find that no work had been performed and was told by my handyman that he had left a number of voice mails with Joe and had not heard from him. I called the 3 to 4 numbers I had for him and never heard back from him as well. I am perplexed that a man, seemingly as nice as Joe, would never get in contact or at the very least, leave some form of message to tell me there was a problem. I would forewarn anyone who deals with this contractor to make sure and verify that the work will be done. A written contract apparently means nothing to this gentleman. I was and still am very disappointed that a contractor, who has been in business as long as Joe said he had, would not be professional enough to respond to inquiries as to what was happening.
