3	This is your standard coin op self serve car wash. Connected to the Great American Storage office, the facility itself is fine. I've never had any problems with the equipment, so that's a plus. There are five self serve bays to wash your car, which is more than enough since I've never had to wait for a stall. It is a bit more expensive than Oasis Auto Spa in Henderson. This place only gives five minutes for $3, where Oasis you get 6-7 minutes for the same price.The thing I dislike most about this place is that it only takes tokens. Furthermore, the token machine doesn't accept coins. When I do go here, it's always after work in the evening. Thus, the storage office is closed and there's nobody to break my larger bills. My wallet never has singles for the token machine (I'm not a stripper), and I really don't want to buy $10-20 worth of tokens. Sure I could save the tokens for future use, but it's inconvenient. In this day and age where there's so much competition, little things like an inconvenient token machine may lead to customers using your facility less.
3	I can't believe this is the only coin wash on south west side of town. I was shocked when I put 10$ in and got 10 coins. It's a "token" car wash, meaning 1$ = 1 token, 5$ = 5 tokens, 10$ = 10 tokens. It takes 3 tokens to start for 5 min. I suggest spending the three tokens filling up a bucket of water with soap, spray off your vehicle, wash by hand, and spend 3 more tokens to rinse off.
2	I like the experience of washing my own car, especially on a sunny day. The feeling of accomplishment is always nice and it gets me a little bit of exercise. I try to go during daylight hours during the week; it's not crowded and rarely are there skeevy folks hanging about. I frequent this car wash about once a month but I really don't know why I continue to go here because I always end up leaving pissed off and frustrated. Why? Their STUPID token system! First off, the bill acceptor never works right so it takes forever to finally get the machine to accept a dollar bill. They keep upgrading their system because of theft but it's getting to the point where it's almost unusable! Second, there's no change machine so if you don't have new, crisp dollar bills, you are going to get stuck with a ton of car wash tokens that you'll no doubt lose. The token machine only accepts bills.The wash bays are nice and large but they are often super muddy and dirty because people in giant pickup trucks like to frequent the place and spray off their ATVs. Fine, but I really hate stepping out of my car and into a mud hole. The equipment usually works fine (sometimes the tire cleaner or wax is out) and it's pretty expensive for what you get. They have 2 vacuums out front that also accept tokens if you want to clean the interior.
1	I have visited this place a few times but sadly today will be my last. The last time I was there the bay I used the RINSE didn't work at all. When selected the water was all soapy and didn't work at all. I took pictures and showed the boss and he gave me a refund of tokens which was fine because I would come back. However today was a different story. The bay I used this time the BRUSH didn't work so I couldn't even put soap on my car so I rinsed it off and then went to the office where I was greeted by this blond guy who proceeded to go with me to my stall. I explained the issue and he puts 3 tokens in the machine and let's the brush run. I said see it doesn't work correctly. He said I think it needs to be adjusted but suggest that you use a different stall next time. I said what about a refund BC I put 6 tokens in there. He says, well u can use the rest of what I put in there but that's all you get. I'm like why would you put tokens in a broken machine? How is putting tokens in a broken stall a solution to my problem. He said well you can go talk to the boss. I went in and told him that he was rude to me and that's not how you treat your customers. I gave him the remainder of my tokens and said I will not be back. Please spend your money else where because they do not care to keep up the equipment or care about their customers.
