4	If you are in the mood for a good Thai meal, Thai Basil is the place to go. Situated in the centre of the busy and bustling Nicolson Street, Thai Basil is just around the corner from the main University campus, George Square and it is a short walk from the city centre and so it is a convenient place to reach. The decor inside the restaurant and the soft music playing in the background gives the place a very authentic oriental atmosphere. It is pretty small inside, but inside of feeling cramped and crowded, it feels lovely and cosy instead. Thai Basil's menu offers an expansive selection of authentic Thai dishes, including Thai curry's, soups and salads. I came here for lunch one day with a friend and had the most amazing Tom Kha soup. It was chicken soups with coconut milk, lemongrass, ginger and a whole range of Thai herbs and spices and it was absolutely delicious. The soup was made with the freshest ingredients and was full of flavour, without being too spicy - yummy! My friend had the Thai red curry with chicken which smelled amazing and my friend loved it. I tried some and it was super, but pretty spicy so I didn't really get a case of food envy here! The staff at the Thai Basil are highly friendly and welcoming and the prices are very reasonable here, with most main courses costing about six pounds. A really great restaurant with beautiful tasting food, definitely worth a visit.
2	When I ate here last night I realised that the initial 4 stars I gave this place might have been a bit generous. I even toyed with the idea of only giving it 2.Mainly, the atmosphere was awful. There was only one other table occupied when we went in at around 7pm, and it the whole place was so deathly quiet it gave it a really awkward feel to it. We were practically whispering at our table because talking in normal voices felt like we were standing on the table and shouting.The food wasn't as great as it had been last time, either. I got the chicken, chilli and coconut milk soup to start, abut it didn't really taste of anything and the chicken was quite rubbery. And it's not like the kitchen staff were exactly rushed off their feet either. My main wasn't much better; the noodles in my Pad Thai were really over-cooked which meant they were all slimey and soggy. But the thing that annoyed me the most was that the food came so quickly that I find it hard to believe that it was freshly prepared.In fact, I am going to change it to 2 stars.
2	Pleasant staff, good atmosphere.  But the pad Thai was the blandest and most mediocre instance of its kind I've tasted.  At least the prawns in the pad Thai weren't too bad.
2	The food was bland and portion small and cost high.
3	The staff here deserve 5 stars! They were so friendly, polite and efficient! My starter of fish cakes with chilli dip was gorgeous! I had the thai red curry with beef, The beef and veg were good and it was a big portion but it had quite a strange taste! not bad...just strange...but I reckon it would be worth a few more shots to see what the other dishes are like!
4	I love their pad ThaiGreat for a quick pop-in lunch...Have student discount...
