5	Wash-dry-fold. Pick-up and delivery. Dress shirts. Dry cleaning. These people do so much, and charge such a reasonable amount. They take credit cards, too, and they are easy to communicate with, if you have a change of plans or whatever.Can't say enough good things. I've been in the laundromat, too, though I haven't used it. It's nice and clean and pleasant, in that Pittsburgh's-take-on-hip kind of way.
5	I don't normally come to this laundromat, but the machines in my apartment had been broken for a week and I was getting desparate.  Although parking can be a bit of a pain, I was pleasantly surprised with this place.  There are plenty of washers and dryers to choose from (from regular sized to freakin' 50 pound capacity) and they all seemed to be working great.  It's air-conditioned and clean with vending machines and some old arcade games to spend some more of your quarters on.  My sister and I did four loads of laundry and it cost us about 2.75 per load.  Oh yeah, and they have a change machine that apparently takes 20, 10, 5 and 1 dollar bills.  If I am ever in a pinch again, I will be coming here.
5	I've taken my laundry to the Laundry Factory a couple of times now.  They are always prompt and do a good job at taking care with your clothes.  The place is surprisingly clean and bright for a laundromat.As Zoe mentioned the prices are very reasonable and you won't find a cleaner place anywhere near Shadyside.  Another plus, when I needed somethings turned around quickly they were more than willing to accommodate me, for no extra charge.
2	i must be missing something because this place seemed expensive for dry cleaning.  they outsource the dry cleaning and didn't really make recommendations on any of my garmets.  i've gone to cleaners before that will tell me to wash over dry clean or startch, ect.  to top it all off the place didn't have my garmets back the day they said they would.  so, i had to make another trip across town to pick them up.  where are the $1.95 per garmet dry cleaning shops in pittsburgh?  this place is out of my dry cleaning budget!
1	They lost 2 of my shirts and a pair of my jeans - they were also EXTREMELY rude when I tried to find my stuff and did not offer any help.They are unreasonably expensive as wellDO NOT GO HERE - THE HIGH RANKINGS ARE FROM THEIR EMPLOYEES!
4	Very nice inside with a great atmosphere.   Turn around was quick and staff was friendly.  I got a white comforter dry cleaned and while it didn't as clean as I had hoped, it was cleaner, smelled great, and was wrapped up neatly.
5	Best laundry mat I have ever used.Machines are fast. You will be done washing and drying any number of loads in an hour or less. They all work great the place is constantly being cleaned.
5	This laundromat absolutely blew my mind the first time I stepped into it. Yeah, I'm kind of lame but still!They keep the laundromat incredibly clean, notably their front loading washers. Front loaders tend to adopt a mildewy, moldy odor if the gasket is not cleaned properly. This isn't a huge problem at home but in a public laundromat it can really be a disaster. I can name a few places that have had this disgusting odor and did not appear to care. The Laundry Factory does not have this.They also have two mini lounges with full cable TV. It's a nice reprieve to be able to sit down in a comfy chair and watch some TV while your clothes are washing or drying. They don't just stop at cable, however. They also offer free wifi.They have HUGE front loader washers which is what I use. When our big bedspreads and blankets need a good washing, I take it to the Laundry Factory. Their big washers can even handle TWO queen bed spreads at a time and it still has enough elbow room to agitate the clothes to get them nice and clean. Their dryers also come in different sizes, their largest can handle about four loads of laundry and dry them fast.Honestly, I don't go to the laundromat often, but I'm glad this place exists for when I do. Not only are their facilities in awesome condition, but the amenities they offer while cleaning your clothes give them a huge edge over any other laundromat in Pittsburgh.
5	What can I say about a laundromat? It's clean and well staffed, no creepy dark corners, the machines are maintained and cleaned, and there's free parking with a little japanese grocer next door.  It's a little more expensive than a regular laundromat, but worth it.
4	Love love love this place, so much I will drive the ten miles from Forest Hills to do my laundry here. Free Wifi, and televisions plus vending machines. It is busy so if you're looking for the vacant laundrymat with no service people and buzzing broken flourescent overhead lamps, this is not it. But the workers are upbeat and friendly and always willing to assist with any questions. Watch timing though since the workers are using the machiens as well less dryers may be available. It gets four stars for space it is a little tight for folding space and you have to be handy with your laundry cart to get around. But we are in pittsburgh what space isn't tight? As far as pricing I have not used any of their other services but I know I can do around 4 regular size loads for about 12-14 dollars. This seems about average for nonapartment laundry mats that I have been to in pittsburgh. I do put the dryers on high heat though and simply remove any items I do not want to damage/ or shrink. It saves change on drying time because the dryers are $2 for thirty minutes. I also love that I can my loads done in less than an hour and be in and out quicker.
5	as much as i would rather have a washer/dryer in my apartment, this place makes it bearable to go to a laundromat! excellent reasons to do your wash here: - the air conditioning is pumping! it's well over 90 degrees today, and frankly i wish i had more laundry so i could stay- free WiFi (which i'm using right now!)- kitschy decor (yes, it has decor!)- clean, working, updated machines- two fully loaded change machines!- friendly staff!i'm hooked and definitely coming back here.
5	I started coming to the Laundry Factory over a year ago.  This place is wonderful. It's so nice to come to clean and comfortable place.  I've done mine laundry there, and I've used their wash 'n fold service. Both are great!  Employees are helpful and friendly. One of them saved me from spending a lot on dry cleaning when my comforter could safely be washed in  a regular machine. Their dry cleaning service is also reasonably priced, and I've had no complaints.As long as I live in the east side of the city I will keep coming here!
5	I just moved to Pittsburgh and have a couple of weeks before I can move into my apartment. After a 37 hour drive across the country my clothes, frankly, smelled. The Laundry Factory was clean, the staff made me feel comfortable, and the free wifi helped to pass the time.They also have a massage chair, which is better than any massage chair I've ever sat in. Well worth the $1 for 3 minutes to make laundry a little less of a chore. My new place has a washer and dryer, but I'll definitely recommend the Laundry Factory to my friends who don't.
4	So I had to come here, after my horrible experienceS at my local laundromat.  So this to me was a god sent.  Clean, Clean, and Clean!  This is very important when you're going to a public place to wash your clothes.  They had employees there onsite, who were very helpful.  My only gripes is that it's a bit cramped; it's hard to maneuver your laundry basket with 20 people around.  Needless to say that fact that I can smell clean laundry means I'll be back!Oh yes they have free Wi-Fi, meaning 2 hours of laundry time goes by in a flash!
5	the staff is super friendly. I drop off laundry for my business and they do a great job. And yes, they are so much cleaner than any of the other places in Pittsburgh that I have used.
4	I LOVE this place! It's a little pricey.. $6 for a large load.. $0.25 per 6 minutes of drying time (only paid $1 though, super efficient driers).. BUT, the fact that it is super clean and I was in and out in about an hour.. COMPLETELY worth every penny! They even have some school chairs so I was able to get some writing done :)
1	The Laundry Factory is no longer the clean, friendly laundry facility in Shadyside that it used to be. Its spotless, new interior with its kind employees have been replaced by crass thugs and general filth. Its owner, Gary, enjoys parking in handicapped parking spaces. ((I will attach a picture of him in his car in the handicapped spot later.))I was a longtime customer of the Laundry Factory until I bought a home 7 months ago. My dryer (Whirlpool Duet, the #1 rated on Consumer Reports!) went on the fritz this week and it's a full week till its repair date. So I went back to my old haunt, the Laundry Factory. My, how things've changed.In the past, I would update the firmware of the wireless router because the internet was constantly going out. The staff were friendly and always grateful and the place was kept super clean.This time, the staff were new, loud and mean. The floors were not swept and the clientele were themselves obnoxious.I made a simple request - fulfilled dozens of times in the past - for a simple plastic bag (like a grocery bag, for my delicate on the ride home) . So they (wet) wouldn't get the (dry) laundry wet again. As chance would have it, the owner Gary was around. He was mocking customers as I approached the desk, calling them stupid little rich kids who don't know which end is up. I asked him for a bag; he condescendingly mocked me, telling me they sold bags for 75 cents. I patiently explained that the money wasn't an issue; it's the fact those particular bags are porous and polyester. Plastic was what I needed. He wanted 75 cents for a throwaway grocery bag as well. I gently told him how often I'd fixed his router. He sneered, saying plugging and unplugging it was no big deal. I explained that I'd updated the firmware and saved him many Comcast visits. He was shocked into momentary silence. I asked if I should have billed him for the repairs. A typical neanderthal business owner, he didn't realize that his clients were kind, or even human. The damage was done. As icing on the cake, on my way out, I noticed Gary climb into his van. He'd been there for over an hour. In a handicapped parking space.
3	They only get 3 stars bc honestly--how excited can you really get over a laundromat?I *hate* doing laundry, but this is my favorite place to hate doing laundry.  Why?#1  They are located right next to Doggin' It, so you can toss your laundry in the wash, go next door, drink a 40oz (bc that's how classy I am!), when you're done with the wash, pop your laundry in the dryer and drink another 40oz (bc I hate doing laundry so much, I need 80 ounces of beer to get through it!)#2 Free wifi.  Bring your laptop, so while you're hating doing laundry, you can take your lap top next door to Doggin' It, drink beer, and update facebook letting everyone know that you are doing laundry and that you hate doing laundry#3  There's a massage chair.  As a general rule I dont get in massage chairs that are avail to the general public, but after 80 ozs of beer anything is possible and I like having that option available to me.#4  The place is clean, and all the patrons seem nice.  I am in no way disgusted by sharing a washer or dryer w these folks#5  Many folding tables are available.  This is important.  If you fold laundry.  I hate doing laundry so I don't fold it, when I'm finally done, I toss my shiz in the basket and BOLT#6 Friendly staff.  They are like, really nice.#7 Cable tv.  No one complained when I put the Real Housewives on New Jersey on.If you have to be at a laundromat, this is hands down the best one to be at.
5	Came to this location based on other popular Yelp reviews and was very satisfied. The location is very clean and reasonably priced. The staff seemed very friendly although I did not have to personally interact with them. One issue might be availability of machines during peak times. My visit was around 3:00pm on a Saturday and I had no issues. There is free WIFI too! Overall, very pleased and I will definitely visit again.
5	ok, so no one likes to do laundry and no one wants to pay for it. but i really have no complaints about this place specifically. it's big, with several different sizes of washers/driers, 2 change machines, seating, wifi, and friendly staff. the place is usually pretty busy and i see why. they also have great hours, always open when i need to wash my clothes. they also have a dry cleaner in the back which is convenient. finally, it's located right next to the tokyo food store, doggin it, and brasserie 33 in case you need asian groceries, beer, or a nice meal while your clothes are getting cleaned.
4	By far the cleanest and most well-maintained laundromat in the city. The people working there were constantly cleaning, readily available for assistance, and generally maintaing the superior quality of the location. It even has several television to watch while you wait. It might be a bit pricey but I'll pay it to ensure my laundry is done in quality machines without the fear of other nastiness that usually accompanies laundromats.
5	Clean very clean present people $2.10 for shirts and I hate doing launder at a mat but if I have to then I will do it hear.  It's worth the extra buck to do it some where thats clean has WiFi a tv for the game and is right next to a bottle shop and a bar. Ok everything is stainless.
3	I do wash and fold. I've never used a wash a fold service before in my life, so as far as I can tell nothing has ever been lost or damaged, things are clean, done quickly-- so for that I'd say 4 starsBUT I would not recommend their dry cleaning. Things I've had dry cleaned there have been mis-colored, or stains remain.
5	My first laundry experience in Pittsburgh. I was suprise when I saw this. This laundry is really clean and well managed. They have free wi fi, TV , massage chair and friendly staff. You must try. Nothing to complain about.
4	I have limited laundromat experience. I just moved to Pittsburgh and have not had the time or cash to buy a washer and dryer yet. I checked out Yelp and figured this was my best bet... Yelp came through once again. I got up early so that I could beat the crowd. At 9AM on a Saturday the place was pretty empty, by 10:30 it was filling up but by no means crowded - still plenty of machines left. It's clean, has free wifi, the employees seem nice enough, Crazy Mocha is a 2 minute walk down the street, prices seem reasonable considering the facilities, and clientele is not at all sketchy.
5	Nicest laundromat I've ever seen!!!! Next time my basement floods, I will do my laundry here again.
5	Its time to show LA la laundry factory a little love with an update because they have recently expanded. Into the rest of the building where Brasserie 23? Or was it 22 used to be. Now they have expanded spaces larger machines freedom! To do your own dance routine while your stinky socks swish to the beat in a sea of suds. Ok ok I know I am getting excited over something everyone hates doing, but laundry factory makes it more enjoyable. Great diversity of people watching opportunities here. There is still no bathroom but one of the laundry mistresses told me they would be getting one soon. They have drinks up front tons of change machines and some sort of card that two of the larger machines and driers take. I am not sure if you need to purchase the card to use it but seems like a laundry card you put money on. If dirty quarters drive you nuts. Great idea. The price is still cheaper for me than anyone else if I use large capacity washers. The beer shop.... its still awesome and its still next door. Still have free wifi and tv. I have never tried their drop off or dry cleaning service so I cannot review that. Just the kickass atmosphere and that I've met some pretty cool people here customers and workers alike.
1	If i could give this place less than one star I would.  First, the place is a mess.  Second, the washers are some of the most expensive I've found in the city.  But most important - they have NO RESTROOMS!  What kind of place sends their customers a block down the street to a coffee shop to use the restroom?  This was my first AND LAST time at this joint.
4	Wow, what a great place. Being use to the laundromat on S. Highland and on Liberty Ave. in Bloomfield, this place is a large step up from those. I needed to wash my comforter and decided to stop in here, and I'm glad that I did. The staff were very assertive and nice, and were willing to help in any way. The facility is really nice, with a colorful industrial feel to it. Further, there are two flat screen TVs, a station for computers (with free Wifi), and even a massage chair for waiting patrons! Though I hate paying so much for doing laundry (though it's probably not significantly more expensive than places down the road), I had a very good experience here.
5	Oh, laundromats. How you take me back to my days in college and grad school. Though I've been fortunate to have in-home laundry capabilities everywhere I've lived over the last several years, recently I found myself in need of professional (laundry) help when my dog puked all over our comforter and mattress pad (thanks again for that, little buddy). Our washer was too small to do the job, so off I went to the Laundry Factory.Like I said, it's been awhile since I've been to a laundromat, so I don't know what other laundromats are like these days, but wow, this one was wayyyy nicer than the ones I used to go to back in the day! It was modern, clean, bright, and had tons of well-kept machines. No dank corners where sketchy people loitered, no broken machines, no weird funky old sneaker smells. They had several sizes of machines to choose from, ranging from average (a regular household laundry machine) to mega-capacity. I chose the "large load" machine, which fit our comforter and mattress pad just fine. A load in the large capacity machine cost $6.00, which seemed a little steep, but not too bad. Other machines ranged in price from $2.75 to $10.00 (super mega capacity machine). They also have super capacity (50 lb.) dryers, which was very handy. It was $.50 for the first 5 minutes of drying time, and then $.25 for every 4 minutes after that. Again, seemed a little steep, but the dryers were very efficient -- I think it took only about 15 minutes (on low heat, no less) to dry my bulky items.They had well-stocked change machines and a nice little lounge to wait in. I didn't see any bathrooms, so good thing I refrained from going to the beer store next door to have a cold one while I waited.They do have a parking lot, but it's really small and packed, so you'll probably only get a spot if you're lucky. So plan to either park on the street or behind the building (I found plenty of space behind the building and wasn't ticketed or towed).Anyhow, next time I need to use a large capacity washing machine (which I hope is NEVER -- hint hint, my little doggie friend), I will not hesitate to come back here.
5	This is the closest experience to doing laundry at home as I can get. There are a ton of washers and dryers of all sizes, (coin op so bring cash or use the ATM on location) AND a parking lot! Between 7am and 3pm the staff will give you a dollar in quarters for drying for free! You have to ask for it though. I say this is the closest thing to doing laundry at home for two reasons: free cable and byob! There are two flat screen televisions with remotes for customers to use. Free wifi and plenty of outlets for internet surfers. A bonus is the bottle shop right next door that sells snacks, drinks, and six-packs. You can even drink the beer in the laundry factory! There are two laundromats in my neighborhood but I drive 15 mins for this one because of the "perks".
5	This place is hands down the nicest laundromat I have ever been to. They have tons of huge washers and everything is immaculate. I will be using this laundromat exclusively.
4	I've put off reviewing this place for months now, which is unacceptable because I come here every weekend against my will (dirty clothing is a great motivator). Laundry Factory is located along Ellsworth Avenue next to Pitt's Dogg'n It and Tokyo Japanese Food Store. Your first impression of this place might range from "This place is clean" to "There are a lot of machines here" to "I can use my credit card to start the washer/dryer?" to "TVs?! Yes, please." Your impressions are all on point. Indeed, this laundromat is one of the cleanest I've been to. Yes, there are many machines here! Even during the busiest laundry times (the weekends), you should be able to find a machine or two that are free. Some of the larger machines accept debit/credit cards. A word of caution: for the dryers, each time you add quarters or swipe to add extra time, you will need to press "Start" or else you will lose your money. The laundromat recently attached warning labels to each applicable machine. There are two television sets, so don't worry about missing that Penguins/Steelers/Pirates game, because there is a good chance those televisions are tuned in to those games.There is an ATM machine next to the front desk in case you are short on quarters, and the employees will gladly break your $20 bills into smaller ones. There are change machines next to the ATM machine and along the window facing Ellsworth Avenue. I counted 5-6 folding stations, which means you might have to wait or share them during the busiest laundry times.Oh, and feel free to bring your tablet or laptop because the facility has free WiFi, which is password-protected, but you can ask any employee for it.I didn't give the facility 5 stars because: 1, the place can get a little chaotic and very hard to navigate during its busy times, and 2, the overall cost can really add up, especially if you have lots of clothes (I don't know about what others think...perhaps I'm used to the super-cheap-economy pricing? Haha...).
