4	Had dinner at Taco Migo tonight.  Just down the street from my home.  They have a drive thru, but we wanted the full experience, and are glad we did.  Service - super friendly staff, food came out quickly and order was accurate.Ambience - very clean, well decorated, and really big inside with plenty of room for a crowd.Food - I ordered the Migo Tacos and my husband ordered the Migo Burrito on recommendation from the cashier.  The ingredients are good quality and the beef in my tacos was tender and flavorful.  The pico de gallo at the salsa bar made the tacos even better.  Really liked the tortillas.Other things I liked were that not only did they have the typical coke products at the fountain, but they also had self serve Aguas Frescas.  I had the Pina Colada, which was very tasty and not too heavy.  My husband got the Tamarindo which he said was too sweet for his taste.  I also liked the free chip bar and the salsa bar.  The guacamole salsa was awesome.Overall, great place I'd go back to again for a cheap, quick, clean, tasty dinner.  This place is open 24 hours, though, so if you need to cure a late night craving, they've got help for that.I hope this new place does well.  I think it's a family owned place.
1	This place is awful. Go to Poliberto's down the street and get the carne asada burrito, which is about 3x better.My Migo Burrito reportedly had 8 ingredients. I remember a soggy tortilla (1), french fries (2), meat (3), tiny avacado chuncks (4), runny re-fried beans (5)...and that's it. Oh, and indigestion (6)...a big portion of that.The only thing that might maybe possibly somehow get me back through those doors was the salsa verde. The guys eating tacos looked pretty happy, so there is a slight chance they may get one more shot. Save yourself the trouble and the money, pass on grass...
2	I drove by this spot and had to stop for lunch... I am always on the quest for great street tacos so I entered the restaurant and was greeted by a really helpful friendly staff... So it's hard for me to give this review I looked over the menu and saw they had a Sonoran Hot Dog so I had to get it... Along with a Steak Taco and a Pork carnitas taco... I rate the food as followed.Sonoran Hot Dog -DSteak Taco - DPork Carnitas - DChips And Salsa - AThe Sonoran Hot Dogs bun was really soggy it made it fall apart and not enjoyable to eat... The Steak Taco tortilla was really doughy the meat was kind of dry the salsa made it better... The Pork carnitas taco tortilla was doughy as well the meat was pretty good the salsa made it better as well... They have a orange drink there that was really good plus the salsa was really good... I will go back again just to get the orange drink.
3	Been waiting for them to open, finally got to go last night.  They have lots of tacos to choose from and the food is tastey but, I HATE when taco shops use french fries for potatoes!  And the size compared to most other taco shops isn't very big at all.  It is like they use the small size tortillas for everything, even though the prices are still on average with the other places.  will still go back to try other things on the menu.AND lastly, they don't have jalapenos with carrots
2	I really wanted to like Taco Migo, it's walking distance from my job and it would've been a nice addition to my lunch rotation. However, the food was disappointing. In an area that is already saturated with Mexican food options I was expecting this place to be phenomenal in order to compete. I won't lie this place does have some really strong points like a decent salsa bar and unlimited soda and Agua Frescas. Plus they sell beer (I don't drink alcohol but I know that any place with a liquor license usually has a leg up on other establishments). I ordered what I thought would've have been the simplest thing on the menu the "Migo Taco Combo".  Considering this taco is the restaurant's name sake I was appalled by how they treated the iconic taco. It was smeared with some weird messy bean sauce and very little beef throughout it. No discernment of cheese or lettuce. I don't expect for Tacos to be neat and dainty but I also don't expect them to be so messy that thy require a fork to eat. I like that the combos came with fries but I would rather have my combo with traditional rice and beans which is an upcharge here.  Just like the other reviewers mentioned the employees do go out of their way to ensure good customer service but it gets a little annoying when someone ask you "how are doing" every 2 minutes, for petes sakes I'm only eating a taco! The atmosphere is better than most Mexican food dives. Maybe I'll give them another try in the distant future but for now I'll stick to Salazar Bros or Vaqueros for my lunch time Mexican food fix.
5	Food is amazing! Friendliest staff I have ever seen in my life! So clean you could lick the bathroom floor and not get sick! This is my new "go to" place! Tasty!
2	Yeah... Taco Migo is no friend of mine. I've tried this place and WAS NOT impressed to say the least. In a town full of taco shops you need to step outside the box. The food was not greatest, the burritos were small with soggy tortillas. For the same price I could've got a couple of burritos at Filibertos. The inside of the building, on the other hand, is very nice. The order takers were not very friendly and borderline condescending, like Im suppose to know whats in the burritos already. I definitely did NOT expect fries.  Yeah, dont waste your time or money.
2	This place will probably not make it for another year.tortillas and meats are of low-quality. we do not need another mediocore taco joint in this town. we've got filiberto's for thattwo words: overpriced meh...
4	Really enjoyed this 24/7 taco spot. Great to have it in the neighborhood. Clean, bright, tasty and serves alcohol. What's not to love?PS --- To the Yelpers who say "meh" in any of their reviews online, time to find a new word.
5	The food is very good. Try the Migo Burrito. Very good. The fish tacos were great. Price is competitive. Friendly staff and nice and cool AC. I will be back soon.
5	AweMazing!!! Great service, great food, and great salsa!!!
4	Seriously Wish Yelp had 1/2 markings because I give this place a 4.5 only reason is the price.The food is amazing there. The Migo burrito is probably the best thing on the menu. Lots of great stuff in there. The Migo Taco is awesome to very tasty. The dessert they have are great for a fast food place. They have fried ice cream! The shakes they make are made FROM the fried ice cream which gives it an amazing taste not like a normal shake. The salsa choices are great the avacado and roasted salsa are the best.I have been here a few times now and the staff are SUPER helpful and so very polite and friendly. The place is always clean and very inviting. My only bad critic is the prices. The food tastes great but the portions are a bit on the small side. I'm not talking really small but when I am low on cash I would rather buy a 5.00 burrrito from one of the fili, poli, or whatever berto's 24/7 taco places. I guess it goes to show that you get what you pay for. Though it is a bit pricey for the food you get, the taste and overall expeirence in the resturant you get keep me coming back.
2	I am what you would consider a mexican food snob. Small, hole in the wall type places are what i live for. I had the mini chimis (5) with beans and rice... Cost me $10 which is a little steep for me especially given the quality of food. The chimis had cream cheese and beef in them. More cream cheese than beef. They were sweet. Almost tasted like they were made with a flaky pastry dough or something. The rice was nothing special but their refried beans were delicious. I wish i would have had the option to get chicken ones. Their salsa bar salsas were nothing special to me, flavorless.  Their avocado + salsa verde one was pretty unique and delicious though. The restraunt was super clean and a little over the top friendly. Im from the south and enjoy being greeted with a smile, but 4 different times while i am trying to eat? Overkill. They have a fried ice cream milkshake that i would love to try! I might go back to try that, but that's about it. This place definitely isn't Carolina's/los dos melinos status.
2	"Meh"+1
2	It's a neat place but the food isn't that great. Had rolled tacos and beef tacos. Maybe something else is the specialty lol
4	I've been about a half dozen times now. I thought the carne asada was meh, but the carnitas taco and ALL of the breakfast tacos are awesome. Nacho fires are tasty, too (definitely a 'fork' appetizer). Love the salsa bar, I usually go back twice. Tons of soda choices, too. Clean, super friendly, good place.
4	Great food & beautiful remodel of this now Migo'sI enjoyed the 3 chicken taco platter that had a generous portion of moist chicken & a delicious cabbage salad on top. Very nice staff & was checked in on by manager twice! The only issue is getting into the parking lot....if you come from the west it's easy, if your coming from the east plan on making some u-turns.We noticed that they have a live band performing on the weekends and margarita specials......sounds like I need to come back for dinner!Hope everyone will check them out.
