3	Wraps seem to be the new sandwich amongst the many deli's scattered around Edinburgh, and in this respect, Salt 'n' Pepper successfully propagate this new trend.They do a subtly spicy chicken tikka wrap that left me tempted to order an other, alongside a number of other tasty fillings.Prices are average and service was rapid, a fair choice if your milling around George IV bridge.
5	Along with the surge of satisfaction that comes with a solid, healthy bowel movement, the feeling of being pleasantly surprised has to be one of life's greatest joys. Salt 'n' Pepper is a sandwich bar that provides such an experience.It looks bog standard from the outside, but the wraps here are far removed from the tasteless pre-packed chicken ceasar dullness you'll find in the big chains. Huge, loaded with filling and given a couple of minutes on the grill, they are from the very top drawer.I went for a chicken tikka option with a bit of chilli sauce. I quite literally could not believe how bloody good it tasted. It was almost too good, and I actually felt quite a pang of sadness when it was finished. It really was utterly tremendous, and I'll be back next week.
4	If you're familiar with my reviews, you'll know I like a goo sandiwich. And I like Salt n Pepper.As has been outlined before me, it doesn't look like much from the outside. As my mum used to tell me, never judge a book by its over - never has a truer word been spoken!The staff are lovely here, really nice and happy. It makes a difference when they're happy, doesn't it?! As for the food - yum. Ok, it's not the most amazing food I've ever eaten, but it's certainly up there. It's a lot  better than your bog-standard sandwich place, it must be said.
5	Lunch places, and the places you jump in for a sandwhich to eat on the train, can be incredibly hit or miss. Well, this place couldn't be more centre in the bulleye.I popped in today for something to fill that hole between lunch and dinner (it is usually quite a big hole) and I was not disapointed. Decided to choose the falafel wrap - something my carnizerous side gave into last summer - and boy did it satisfy. The falafel was delishious and the cucumber and chili sauce was the perfect addition. The woman that works there and I imagine owns the place too was very nice and attentive. Thumbs up all round and the price added to that! 3.25 for a crackin lunch!
