5	New small locally owned full service car wash. You can get your car washed for as cheap as 7.99! You can give them your keys and let them run it through or do it the old fashioned way and drive it through yourself with the kids in the back. Kid's love that!! Their regular hand wash is just 11.99 you really cant beat that. There's not 40 dude's bum rushing your for 10 different things when you pull in. A giant plus when you just want a frign car wash if you ask me!! There is a bigger one just down the street they are opening soon I plan on returning.
4	Eddie (manager?) was very nice, waived the suv fee and gave me a VIP card for future visits, on the back of the card are discounts.  The wash was done well & quickly.  Will definately be back!
3	Not the worst far from the best .... I might be too  particular but I had a lot of water run for my car after pulling out which lead to lots of spotting. My dashboard was still dusty my wheels were still full of brake dust. They were backed up so maybe they rushed not sure if I'd try them again.
4	I went here around 10:30 on a Tuesday. There were no other customers, and they cleaned and vacuumed my car in about 15 minutes. I asked for the basic, full-service wash for $11.99, and they didn't try to sell me up to something more expensive which I appreciate. The waiting area was clean and roomy, and there was a movie playing on the flat-screen TV. The volume was up pretty loud. They did a great job cleaning the outside of the car and a decent job on the inside. They wiped it down, cleaned the windows and vacuumed the floors and seats. My only complaint was that there was still dog hair on the backs of the backseat - otherwise I would have given them 5 stars. I'll definitely be back though, and next time I'll point it out beforehand.
5	These guys were really nice. They have a special 200$ for all you want car washes. Amazing deal. Overall good service and a clean place. I'll go back for sure.
5	They do such a great job and the waiting area is clean and comfortable. TV with satellite and you get to pick your channel
