4	I've eaten here many  times since March 2012.  It is now March 2013 and I eat here about once a week, for good food, at a reasonable price.  I would recommend this place for a inexpensive and tasty lunch or dinner.   They have a lunch specials for $5.65 that are large and flavorfull.  There are many options to choose from and the meals comes with free refillable drink and a choice of two soups.  I like the Hot Sour soup and it has been fresh and delicious every time I've eaten it.  I also enjoyed the Hot Garlic Chicken and the Mongolian Beef.  If you order more than $10.00 worth of food, they throw in 2 Egg Rolls.   They serve the lunch specials until 4pm and also serve Thai food as well as Chinese.The Service is good and friendly (Jackie was my server and was very accomadating).  This is a good place for quick lunch or dinner.  They deliver within a 3 mile radius for $2.  There are about 8 booths and 6 tables.  It is not as fancy as some places, but it's clean, freshly painted,  and they are very accomadating.  The portions are large and fresh, you should have no complaints in price or flavor.  Parking is busy some times and not so at other times, but it's a large lot and you should be able to find parkiing.  It's located on the North end of the shopping center where Smith's Grocery is located at Nellis and Stewart.  If this place is frequented enough, it should  stay in business,  and it should do well.  I'd  If you want quick food at a more than reasonable price, give this place a try, I'm sure they will appreciate your business.
4	I was surfing online a few weeks back looking for a place that delivered to my area and found this place. I had decided to give them a try based on the menu having thai food as well as the standard other choices. I was thoroughly impressed with the food. I ordered on (http://eat24hours.com) and they have coupons on there as well as no minimum amount spent for delivery. The prices are fair and the food is really good. I've had the eggrolls, the crab rangoons, and the Shrimp Pad Thai. Also, it normally says 45 minutes for delivery, but they show up within a half hour. The delivery driver is also very friendly. Try this place.
4	A small restaurant near our house and one afternoon after running my errand at chase bank we decided to pop in and see the quality of this to go restaurant. When I walk in the door I found out that all the staff are chinese so they better know what they are cooking right? Well they do.We have since tried this place twice and I can honestly says to you that they have one of the best chow mein in the eastern area. The shrimp dishes however left a lot to be desire. First of all their honey walnut shrimp are not the real authentic honey walnut shrimp and on other occasion we found that the shrimp are smelly which means not fresh.Other than that, they have great orange chicken and general tsos chicken. We love their kungpao dishes as well. Nice and friendly service, great deals and absolutely worth a try if you are happen to be in the area.
4	4/5 stars only because of the location. It was tucked away, and difficult to spot from the main roads. Otherwise, this is my new go to resturant for chinese food!
3	March 5, 2013  ordered for a second time from this restaurant because the food is very good. Took quite a long time for delivery. Once again requested no plastic ware be sent and once again this request was ignored. Placed my order at around 6pm and received my order around 7:30pm. order was missing the sprite that was to come with the meal and once again no soy sauce with the order. I love the food but am really thinking twice about ordering from the again.  DDC
3	I got 2 boba drinks. Coconut milk tea and a honeydew melon smoothie. The smoothie tasted like blended ice with a hint of melon flavor. The coconut milk tea was good and I can't complain about it. But this place can not prepare boba for shit. The boba was so hard in the middle and they sweetened them as well. You are adding them to a sweet drink, more sugar on the boba is the last thing you need. The boba was actually sweeter than the watered down smoothie actually. I am willing to still try their food one day but if you are looking for good boba on the east side, don't stop here.
4	Tasty food and reasonable! Their Thai iced tea was delish too! I ordered the Orange Chicken and the meal came with egg soup, fried rice, noodles, and a soft drink. All this for $5.55 plus tax! It was totally worth it and we'll be back again soon!
4	Tasty food and reasonable! My lunch came with a soft drink.
4	Really good food in a scetchy part of town... But I'll go almost anywhere for good food. This place not only is it good, but it's a good value. My family of three can eat for less than $20 and still have leftovers for the next day. I've been here at least ten times and haven't had a bad meal.
1	This is some of the WORST chinese food I have ever consumed.  I don't say that lightly.  The service was good, and the place was clean.  The food was simply terrible.  Orange chicken was essentially chicken nuggets in a syrupy, Tang colored, gelatinous substance.  The fried rice was not fresh.  The egg rolls reminded me of the ones you can get a Sam's club, not good.  If you need cheap crappy food, this would be the place to visit.
4	We order from here frequently and the food is pretty consistently good. Lately, the food has been piping hot and fresh. It doesn't taste like someone's incorrect order was reheated and stuffed in a to-go box. Sometimes you order fried rice from a restaurant and it tastes old, dry, and looks way too dark. I'v e never had that problem here. The combination fried rice is a staple in my household.I love the green tea smoothie and original milk tea. The boba pearls are hit and miss. Sometime they are smooth and chewy perfection, sometime they are hard and gritty on the inside... Try your luck if you enjoy boba, when it's good, it's good!I tried the curry chicken, but it was mostly quarters of green bell pepper and and white onion floating in a very thin, almost watery curry sauce. There were literally two nickel sized pieces of chicken in it... It was so ridiculous that I'm sure someone didn't stir the batch well or something, because I wouldn't have expected that type of entree to be passed off on me here.Try the mongolian beef, hot garlic chicken or shrimp, green bean chicken, kung pao chicken or shrimp, combination fried rice, Taiwanese mei fun, or bbq pork.
5	Ordered chicken and beef teriyaki plates and not only were they cheap, but very good! The boba milk teas were very delicious and our waitress served us egg rolls on the house!
5	Wife and I had chicken and beef teriyaki that was delicious! boba milk tea was good too. Clean restaurant and friendly staff that gave us two egg rolls on the house! Definitely worth a visit!
4	Friendly staff and great specials for lunch and group orders. I've come here a few times with my co workers and the food is very good. I love the eggplant tofu, crab cheese rangoons and boba drinks.
5	The employees here are amazing people and just wonderful to deal with. Their food is delicious and worth every penny. I love the deals they have
5	Very nice restaurant. Friendly staff and the food is delicious. I love the chicken wing, it taste so specials, YUMMY! I think I will try their food next time
5	I'm First time ordering from them and not only was the food I ordered fresh being that it was Fried wontons, Crab ragoons, and Pot Stickers with a drink Passion fruit slush with extra boba. It was without being over fried so it was crispy where it needed to be and soft where it needed to be and not chewy. It was not saturated with oil and was hot when it arrived. The drink was really good and was not charged extra for the extra boba I requested.The delivery time was great as the estimated time was between 6:55pm to 7:05pm and they arrived at 6:42pm which was 13 minutes earlier than the estimated time of earliest arrival. The delivery person was also nice and friendly, since I did the ordering thru Grub Hub I didn't talk to the staff at the restaurant. They also have coupons for the amount of ordering you do so I got free Egg rolls for ordering $10. I am looking forward to ordering again from them and try other things on their menu.
