5	Biaggi's is a great Italian restaurant on U of I's campus! I have always been a huge fan of this place. I love their chopp salad and the different pasta dishes they have. The bread they bring out before the meal is great and it always has at least three different types to try. The place is huge but if it's a busy weekend-like Mom's weekend you will need a reservation or you will never get in!
3	It's delicious, sure.  And, whoa, are those cloth napkins?Just because every student, sick of dorm food, brings the parents here for "something special" doesn't make it exceptional. It lacks character, as most chain's do. What's so great about the place?Try some real local flavor - go to downtown Champaign or Urbana and support your local businesses.
4	this has become a traditional place for my friends and i to celebrate birthdays.  it's on the way to the Savoy 16 theatre which is usually playing some chick flick we decide to see after dinner.  anyway, just went on Sunday evening for just such a celebration we saw the holiday with jude law, kate winslet, jack black, and cameraon diaz and all loved it. anyway, i had the mesina salad which is basically spinach, feta, red onion, tomatoes, cucumbers, kalamata olives, and a delicious dressing.  It's a perfect meal to save room for buttery, salty, popcorn for dessert.  other dishes of note here: tomato sherry bisque, chilean sea bass (although husband tells me it's totally uncool to still have such a thing on the menu considering their population is at risk), creme brule.  in the summer ask to sit outside on the patio, it's lovely.
5	Outstanding food, service, portions, ambiance, prices/quality ratio... all-around tough to beat!
5	there aren't a lot of nice restaurants in champaign, but i think this place does the trick. if you are like chicken, then the chicken marsala is a must! it was the best marsala that i've had...anywhere. their prices are reasonable and the staff are friendly. check it out~
3	Bruschetta = deliciousservice = excellentThe rest was nothing to write home about. Tasty, but average as Italian goes. Why aren't there any pasta dishes with vegetables? Most dishes use cream sauce. You can get better quality at Buca di Beppo where you get more for your money.Then again, it was this or Apple Bee's, and I'd make the same choice again.
4	I really like biaggi's; the atmosphere in there is kind of a salving balm to the grody campus or slut-tacular downtown vibe.  It's clean and more refined than most other places you'll find in champaign, with good service and a lot of edible dishes.It's true what everyone else is saying; there's nothing impressive about the food.  I've never had anything bad though, and I actually think the prices are highly reasonable given the amount and quality of food and the atmosphere in which it is presented.You NEED a reservation for dinner if you are going to wait for less than an hour on the weekend.
4	I'm actually not a fan of Biaggi's. I think it's a great place to feel like you're better than you really are, or just different from any other family restaurant, but that's only because of the dress code and presentation. The food is fine. Their steaks are high-grade, but usually tough unless they are smothered in some strange sauce that smells, looks, and tastes funky. So you're stuck if you go with or without the sauce. I did enjoy their pork chops, though. Garlic mashed potatoes are tasty, too. Appreciate the bread baskets, but whether or not the bread actually tastes fresh is a touch-and-go issue. I dig the Champaign bartenders, though. Props to those charming folks. Strawberry daquiris are magnificent... They know how to get the tips flowing. Best way to go with Biaggi's is only use it for gift certificates or spoiling someone else on a birthday. I would never go with a group of friends "just for fun," but I regularly give out their gift cards as thank you gifts.
4	Looks like this place has mixed reviews, but I love it!  I always get the shrimp diavolo, it comes with a lighter tomato sauce with veggies in it - yum!  The salads are huge but great.  You must have a reservation for the weekends, and I'd even suggest it during the week because you never know when the U of I has some crazy event going on!  I always dress up to go there but I've seen people in jeans.
3	This is not a bad place.  Big menu tries to be all things to all people.  Servings are large, some compensation for the fact that the food is good, but not great.  Additionally, the place can get very crowded and noisy.  It's a nice space, but I wish they would invest in some acoustical treatment - basically it's wood all around, and that gets loud!  I do think the prices are fair, and generally the service is pretty good.  This is a decent choice for people not looking to spend a fortune, with people who like a wide variety of items.
4	This is not a bad place to have dinner. The atmosphere is casual and the service is just wonderful. I had the carpaccio and squash ravioli and they were amazing. Price is a little higher than Friday's but trust me, you would want to come here instead.
3	While it is a chain, they do a fairly good job of hiding it.  Having heard a lot about this place from friends, I finally decided to give it a try.  My friend and I made a reservation for 5 in accordance to the warnings from friends that this place can get really busy.When we arrived though, there were only a handful of businessmen at the bar, and the dining area was completely vacant.  By the time we left though, barely an hour later, this place was completely packed so I would definitely recommend a reservation unless you plan on eating an early dinner.They have a nice selection of breads for you to munch on while waiting for your entree, but despite the fact there were only a few other diners, the food came out rather slowly and my dish was lukewarm (I had the Chicken Cannelloni).  It was pretty good, but would've been better if I had gotten it hot.The ambiance could be romantic I suppose, if that's what you're looking for, but if you really want to impress your date, I suggest going somewhere downtown Champaign/Urbana.  There's a mixture of people who go there, from casual college students out for a nicer meal with their parents to businessmen and women grabbing a drink after work.Overall, not a bad place to have dinner.  The service was very good (nice, attentive waiters), the food's pretty good, and it still allows for easy conversation despite the fact that it gets very busy.  3-1/2 stars.
4	I had an ex-girlfriend going to school at U of I who used to always talk about this place, but I never got a chance to go. But I went there with my girlfriend (now wife) around October/November of 2007. First, the wait staff: These people are always great to deal with. They're nice and friendly and always seem so upbeat. Makes the whole dining experience that much better. The drinks: I'm a Jameson fan, so there's really not much you can mess up on there, but my wife seems to love the wine so I'll take her word for it. Haven't tried anytihng else though.The food: One word, GREAT. Obviously, being an italian restaurant, I expected the food to be bland, but oh my god, was it good! Its got flavor and they'll go out of their way to change the dishes to your tastes (in my case, SPICY). Great place overall, but what makes it so good is the wait staff. I can't tell you how important this small thing is for me because it can seriously make or break a lot of restaurants. I believe there is a Biaggi's in Naperville also, although I haven't tried them out yet so I really can't say much, but one day (I mean hell, it is a lot closer than Champaign!).
5	Biaggi's was the place to go if you were a U of I student and wanted to take your family members to a 'nice' restaurant in the area; it was also perfect for dates and was always packed on Valentine's Day.  This place is a cut above Olive Garden...the food never disappoints and the service is fantastic!  Prices are reasonable and I always left feeling full and happy (and my wallet didn't suffer either).
5	I love biaggi's.  I'd say for fine italian dining, they are very cheap.  Their pastas are very fairly priced with very appropriate portions.  I especially love their lobster linguine or fettuccine.. SO good.  I'm also a big fan of their carpaccio which is large enough to be a meal in itself.  They have good fried calamari and salad, too.  They have very good service, very friendly.  I've been back multiple times.
4	We went here for a graduation dinner. The wait staff here is great, everyone is so friendly and accommodating. One thing I love at any restaurant is when the server brings over a drink refill before you even ask for one. I know it's a small thing, but it's that kind of attention that makes all the difference. The food was amazing! I had the black fettuccine with lobster and a bit of a chicken salad dish as well. Everything was yummy and came out fast even with a full house on what I assume is a very busy business day. I definitely recommend it here for a nice dinner whenever you're in Champaign!
4	I like the ambience here and the service is wonderful. A perfect place to 'wine and dine'. The bar menu provides a large variety of drink options to start with before we get to dinner, and an exceptional dessert menu to follow up after dinner. Tiramisu is fantastic here. However, the dinner menu lacks much variety (very few options for appetizers), and most of the entrees are pasta/noodle oriented, which i dont enjoy very much. I wouldnt recommend this place, if you dont like pasta/noodles all that much. I stereotypically end up having the Bruchetta Classico (my favorite item in the menu) for an appetizer and the Chelean Sea Bass for an entree whenever i visit this place. It gets one extra star for its bar menu/desserts and excellent service.
4	Biaggis never disappoints. The food is always right on point, as is the service, and lots of yummy wines/martinis. The only issue is that Biaggis tends to be a smaller place with a huge following. On game nights, proms, graduations, and moms/dads weekends the restaurant becomes horribly packed and loud. The servers all do a great job to accommodate everyone. I'd recommend for the weekends such as graduation to make reservations months in advance. A nice perk is that Biaggis does rent out rooms. I love the outdoor seating in the summer too. I'm sad I only have 1 year left at U of I. Definitely will have to get my fill of Biaggis!
3	typical chain italian restaurant.  not bad, not great.  the food was decent and the wait staff was timely.
4	I love this place. Being from California, i found this place very reasonable and upscalethe server definitely deserves 5 stars for outstanding services. he was attentive, got our drink and bread refills right away, kept us abreast of our order status, shared tons of friendly conversations and made  recommendation from the menu. I hope they open a restaurant in California as i can't wait to try out there Chilean Sea bass again. Other people on my table ordered Shrimp Milanese and Fettuccine with Lobster. Everyone left with happy tummies and big smiles which is expected out of any excellent dining experience
5	The food was good. The wait staff are friendly and attentive. When we were there this time, there was a very large and loud group. They were open to us moving to a quieter corner of the large restaurant. I would come again.
4	I don't care that this place is a "chain".  This is the second location in Biaggi's success story and there is a reason for the success. This place exceeds most downstate restaurants in having well-trained and ample waitstaff. The decor is warm, the food is good, the acoustics are quiet and pleasant and the prices are right.
3	I went here yesterday for lunch with friends. The food was pretty good, as usual (I had chicken parmesan and my fiance had an alfredo dish, which he said wasn't that good) but this time the service wasn't as superb. My fiance's silverware was dirty, and my Pepsi tasted flat. I ended up just drinking water. Our initial waitress mysteriously disappeared after getting our drinks... another waiter took over and said that the other waitress had to "take off." This was kind of confusing, because we saw her waitressing other tables right by us. Plus, I never like it when there are about 5 different people stopping by your table. One guy asked if we wanted more bread, and we said yes, and then he never brought the bread basket back. Different people brought out our dishes... and, nearing the end our waiter kept asking us if we needed anything (we were just sitting there talking), which made us feel like he wanted us to leave. I think we would have understood this had it been extremely busy and a long wait, but there was hardly anyone there!
3	This restaurant is OK, not great.  Pretty much what you'd expect of an Italian restaurant chain.  The menu had the normal selection of pastas, chicken, and antipasti.  They also had a few off the menu specials.  I wasn't too blown away by anything.  I ordered the chicken parmesan and it was a good size (too big really) that came with two chicken breasts and a side of pasta.I can't really speak too much of the interior because for some reason we got seated in a semi-private room away from the main dining room.  There was one other large party in our room and they were quite noisy so I sort of felt like we were crashing in on their private area.  It was weird and I'm not sure why we were seated in there.  Our waiter was very friendly and the prices were moderate - around $15 for a pasta entree.
5	Excellent restaurant, period. My ex-girlfriend and I used to go there on special occasions and they never disappoint.I have had several dishes there, seafood, chicken, as well as their appetizers and they were all incredible.I will continue to go there, no doubt about it.
4	I always seem to want to go back to a restaurant when the service is exceptional. Every visit at Biaggi's I always find the staff very friendly from the first minute you step into the restaurant to the last minute you step out. Biaggi has an extensive wine menu to compliment your entree. Some of the entrees are a hit or a miss however, the desserts are delicious. My friend ordered a scallion special off the menu which was came in a delicious sauce and I had the penne sardi which was alright (there was too much going on with the bread crumbs and the caramelized onions). I would recommend getting the white chocolate banana pudding for the dessert. Overall, I would recommend going to place again for their great staff even though the food is a little pricey.
5	This is my favorite full service restaurant in C-U. Incredible waitstaff, nice decor, and a wonderful variety of food (at reasonable prices) that's a step above most chain restaurants. I've never had a negative experience after eating here dozens upon dozens of times over the years with family, friends, family friends, and even once with my entire high school class. (Small school, of course---60 kids per grade---but the restaurant nonetheless did a tremendous job accommodating all of us, and our graduation dinner was flawless from start to finish.)Somehow I've yet to dine outdoors here, but the people who do always appear to have be having a great time.
4	I know, I know, this is 4 stars for a chain Italian restaurant in Champaign, Illinois?  Well, when you go with little expectation and those expectations are exceeded on nearly every point, it's worth an extra star or two!I won't belabor all the details, but the place was bustling and our server was conscientious and helpful.  The wine list was surprisingly extensive and we enjoyed a little-known (to me) "Lemberger" red wine from Austria.  Light, almost pinot noir-like.  Very nice.  The appetizers were pretty good - fried calamari was crisp and tender but a very small portion.  The seafood arancini were not very good.  I had the spinach salad which was a bit oily but delicious.  For my main course, I had the special Tuscan cassoulet which was a hearty and savory braise of beans, rabbit sausage, chicken and duck confit.  It was simply delicious, not something I would expect at a chain Italian restaurant.  Such an unexpected treat - I think I can still taste it!My dinner companions generally enjoyed their food as well.  Our desserts were competently executed including tiramisu, chocolate cake, and bananas foster (no flambe though).
5	Great food. We went there on one of our first dates. Didn't know it was Prom night. Had to wait about 20-30 minutes for a table. The food was wonderful. The appetizers were great.
5	Resistance is futile.  You will eat and love everything on the menu.  I started with the 1lb of muscles and was blown out of my clam shell.  Oh yea the house Kiona cab is excellent, one mire please.  Then it was on to the crispy fresh lettuce wedge, another home run!  Er ah more wine please of the same 2003 Washington state vintage,  main dish was simplicity, spaghetti and meatballs, but the sauce was perfect.  Can't wait for the next dad daughter vist, as this will be at the top of grazing list!
3	I genuinely like Biaggi's.  It is, by far, one of the better restaurants in the Champaign/Urbana area.   It has a dark and romantic atmosphere that is nice for date night, but casual enough to bring your family after that U of I special occasion.  The food and prices are where it loses some stars for me.  The entrees are a little pricey and on top of that, all the sides are a la carte. Even though the food is good, I do not think it is good enough to justify the prices.  I think this restaurant gets away with charging so much because it is located in a college town that does not have many high quality restaurants.  The entrees I would recommend and that are worth the money are: the ravioli quattro formaggi, the lamb chops, and (I believe this is only on special) the quarter duck.
5	Great food with reasonable prices for the quality. Very friendly and accommodating waitstaff! No less than three people thanked us as we left.
3	Usually a great place for a delicious meal. We had a horrible dinner experience yesterday. Waiter took our group of 6 for granted.  He Did not attend to any details of the meal an he did not follow up with how was the meal were there any problems. He sent a manager over after the last entree arrived 10 minutes after the rest of the table was done eating to try and clear things up. We were offered free desserts- but by then we were ready to leave. Besides removing the late entre from the bill there was no acceptable recourse except to leave a very small tip. Very disappointing service frpm what is usually an excellent restaurant.
5	I realize this place is a chain, but still, I love it. I just went back here last weekend and had to update my review and give it a fifth star.Their bread is just so yummy and I could honestly make a meal out of it. I also found that their lasagna (all 8 layers of it) is reallllly good. I usually try to order something new every time I go to a restaurant, but this lasagna has me hooked. But, if I can tear myself away from the lasagna, or rather, any of the pasta dishes, I've found the salads are pretty great and they're HUGE. The wedge is one of my favorites, but any of them are really good, actually.The iced tea is also suuuper good, and so is the strawberry lemonade. There are mashed strawberries in it and it's perfectly sweet and tart. I love it.Also, the nuttela skillet cookie with ice cream, holy cow. Make sure you order it, but do it early because it takes about 10 minutes to make. It's worth the wait though. It's phenomenal!I also can't review this place without saying how nice the staff has always been here. Everyone is very polite, very proper, and you feel comfortable here wether you're in jeans and a shirt for a lunchbreak or here for a fancy dinner. It's just good for any occasion.Basically yeah, I feel kind of stupid ranting and raving about a chain restaurant, but it really is one of my favorite places in Champaign and I'm reminded of that every time I go here.
2	The wait staff were curteous and attentive. I guess I had high hopes coming in, given that my newly graduated grad had made a reseration 3 months earlier. The food was mostly underwhelming: the Pesce in orange oil was overcooked, the string beans undercooked, and the dish just undersalted in general. It was cold coming out too. The wine list, mediocre. Other that, it's a good place to hang out with family and friends, and the wait staff were all awesome.
4	Long wait for bill, and with my 4 year old appraching meltdown status, I caught the eye of the manager, who swooped in and saved the day.  We love to eat here because my son loves the mac and cheese with a scoop of ice cream, and I get to eat some real food- so it's a good compromise. But, when a large party was being seated in our section as our server was just delivering drinks to the table nearby, my son started wondering loudly if he would ever get the promised ice cream.  The manager was wonderful- He jumped in and within a minute we had the ice cream, take out box, and bill.  We come here a couple of times of month. The strawberry lemonade is delicious, and there are lots of healthy options on the menu- Great salads and they willingly substitute marinara sauce for the fettuccini alfredo that accompanies many dishes.  I am a fan of a louder, busy atmosphere, which this restaurant has- It's always busy. It is a great way for families to get out to a nice dinner where the white tablecloths are covered with paper for coloring on.The service on this visit was not as good as usual, but it was just a timinig issue and not at all the server's fault. The manager saved the experience by jumping in and getting us taken care of like he did.The curbside take out is fast and easy too. Much appreciated!
3	I used to go to this restaurant all the time and I thought it was wonderful.  As time has gone on it has lost its luster...kind of like a penny.  At first I was please with all the dishes I ordered and this was our go to place for dinner.  We took a break for a while and when we came back things seemed different.  I started getting dishes that were kind of boring which is not how I remembered it.  My husband will never get over the fact that they no longer serve ossobuco.Here's my one question:What is up with the thermostat???!The last three times I have been to the restaurant it has been almost unbearably hot in the dining room.  So much so that when I left I felt sick.I will probably return because many of my friends still love this place.  However, if I get to choose the location for dinner I will probably chose something else.
5	The food was surprisingly good.   In fact, the grilled salmon salad was so good that I didn't even need to use any of the salad dressing.  Check the bottom of the menu.  You can get 1/2 orders of the pasta.  My wife had the chicken cannolini and she really enjoyed it.
4	Excellent Italian restaurant.  much better than olive garden as its main competition.  I love the pork chops as my main dinner, but their chicken parm is outstanding as well.  The bread served ahead of the meal is always a treat as well.
2	So I went back for lunch yesterday.  Again, I was not impressed.  The food was ok.  I can't point out anything that was wrong with it.  The olive oil they use for bread dipping has changed.  It has an orange tinge to it and a little spice (but I liked it).  I got half a sandwich and soup.  I could probably find the same deal elswhere for cheaper.My husband and I got there well after the lunch crowd, but the service was a little lacking.  We sat in front of our empty plates for about five minutes before our server removed them.  There were other employees that were sweeping or cleaning near our table, and none of them offered to remove our plates.The employees were all friendly, and the restaurant was clean.If their goal is mediocrity, then they are well on their way.
4	I was in town from the West Coast visiting family and friends and delighted to see a menu where the food wasn't fried and the food portions weren't the size of a platter.  The menu was varied and I loved the food and was pleased to be able to have a half order of any pasta of my choosing.We went with a large group and were seated in the back dining room.  It was rather loud, because they put all the big groups together and we were sandwiched between a wedding party and a group of students celebrating their return to campus.Still, I have to say that I really liked the food at Biaggi's on this Saturday evening.  The wine list for Pinot Noir was great and my wine selection was very nice.  I had a wonderful half order of butternut squash ravioli and their amazing beet, goat cheese and arugula salad, which comes on a long platter.  However, this is the kind of food I can enjoy in large quantities and I did manage to share it at the table, although some didn't quite seem to know what to do with the arugula.  That was fine, as there were a few of us who were happy to finish it.  Wish I could have some of that salad right now.  I would definitely eat at Biaggi's again and perhaps ask for the first dining room as it may be a bit less noisy, although I can't say this for sure since I didn't eat in main dining room.The wait staff was very helpful, friendly and managed our large group exceptionally well.
4	I've been here a handful of times but each time has been a great experience. The customer service here is outstanding. The staff really seem to want to make you happy. This place can get really busy though so I'm sure they can't all be perfect all the time. I prefer going for lunch versus dinner time anyways. The food is pretty good and definitely better tasting than a certain other Italian chain in town. The pasta is always cooked perfectly and if I get fish it's always moist and tender and tastes pretty fresh. Prices are reasonable (but that doesn't mean cheap). The restaurant itself looks really nice. My favorite part is that the tables are covered in paper and they give my kids crayons to keep them busy long enough for my hubby and I to enjoy our meal relatively peacefully. Also, the kids' menu looks pretty good even though we only get the mac n' cheese for the little ones. Note:  the kids' mac n' cheese is NOT from a box (I think). It has swirly pasta and a homemade-tasting cheese sauce that my kids love, and we like it too!
4	For a chain, this place is not bad at all. Dont get me wrong, I have nothing against restaurant chains. In fact, they are pretty good sometimes because you know there is going to be consistent ambiance and you will not be in for a surprise, there is bound to be a regular dish off the menu that you like and always order and so on. We went to Biaggi's for dinner. After we were seated, a friendly waiter came up to us and while he was greeting us, explaining what the menu of the day was, he was preparing a dressing of olive oil with cheese and pepper on a small plate simultaneously (talk about multitasking..). After taking our orders for appetizers, warm bread was served. There were two types of bread- one was a regular bread, the other one was.. i dont remember actually. My husband got a soup - vegetable soup and it was extremely tasty! For main course, I got the penne sardi without the chicken and my husband got the eggplant parmiagana. The penne sardi turned out be the best penne I have ever had so far. With the flavor of breadcrumbs and garlic with a hint of tomato creamy sauce, this was absolutely great! And, after getting to know the fact that they were a chain, i was pleasantly surprised, since the overall experience of service, food was way beyond expectation compared to any other chain. They have a good selection of deserts. But their main course is so filling that you end up taking the food home and leave without tasting the deserts.They have a good selection of wine too and usually, there are suggestions available for pairing with your food as well. When you enter the restaurant, you will find a lot of business cards on a table. These happen to be the business cards of the different chefs working in the kitchen. I found this pretty neat :)The downside of this place is the food is a little over priced. But I would highly recommend this place for italian food.
1	I'd give them a zero if I could.Is the food good?  Yes.  So why the low rating?  Dishonesty and abysmal customer service.My wife and I hosted a party for 40 of our closest friends and family.  We pre-arranged for each guest to be able to order whatever they wanted off the menu.  This included appetizers, entrees and desserts.  Dinner went off well up until the dessert part.The guests were all given dessert menus and as they began to order desserts, I was pulled aside and told that they ran out of most of the desserts.  Strange, I thought.  How they heck do you run out of creme brulee?! The manager explained that they had been very busy the night before and simply ran out of most everything.  However, they still had cheesecake, chocolate cake, and lemon tower cake.Again, strange.  So they ran out of everything OTHER than the stuff that could be easily sliced and flopped on a plate for the least amount of effort.Bullshit.Indeed, we were informed by one of the kinder and more empathetic waitresses that this was a complete and utter lie.  Not only did they not run out of desserts, but they were serving them to other patrons at the restaurant.  Heck, one of our guests was even able to score the bread pudding before we were unceremoniously cut off like a drunk at closing time.I would love for somebody to explain to me why the $1,200 I spent was not good enough to: A) get what I specifically arranged for IN ADVANCE; and B) at least get the common courtesy of an honest explanation.Would I have been upset if they had told me they simply could not do the volume of desserts we were asking for?  Of course, but I would have understood, and they would not have lost me as a customer.The real problem is that this could have been dealt with when we arranged the party.  We were promised one thing, and they refused to deliver on that promise.  As it stood, we told our guests to make sure they saved room SPECIFICALLY FOR the wonderful array of desserts that would be available.  I cannot explain the disappointment on the guests faces who were given dessert menus and had wanted to order tiramisu or bread pudding, but were then told that they could not have it.  Of course, we look like the cheapskates who wouldn't spring for the good stuff.  It wrecked what should have been a special occasion.  My wife and I spent more time farting around with the dishonest manager and chef than we did with our guests.  Pathetic.I have had two parties there and countless dinners and lunches.  I will never go back.
4	I wasn't aware this was a chain until I saw Ramya K's review.  Biaggi's quality and look is a step above Olive Garden.  Ambience is similar to Macaroni Grill (open space, higher ceilings).Nice warm bread served right away, to be dipped in olive oil.  My fellow diners loaded up their olive oil with grated parm, also on the table, before dipping.I went with the Lobster Corn Chowder to start - large bowl of sweet, creamy soup with chunks of lobster and vegetables.  My main was the Roasted Beet and Arugula Salad.  Beautiful presentation and a decent size for an entree if you aren't starving (or you've already eaten a big bowl of soup and two pieces of bread).  In addition to the beets and arugula, this salad also had avocado chunks and dried cherries plus three rounds of Montchevre goat cheese coated with spicy ground walnuts.  I went with our waitress's recommendation and subbed the Honey Balsamic dressing that was supposed to accompany my salad with a creamy Italian-type.  Very nice all around.My fellow diners chose the Chicken Piemontese (her favorite - chicken breast stuffed with ham and cheese in a lemon butter sauce, with potatoes and veg), the Filet Mignon (which was a decent 8oz size and looked well prepared, served with potatoes and veg), and the Rigatoni alla Toscana (pasta in red sauce with sausage, onions and peppers).  I wish I could have tempted them to try an appetizer or two because this part of the menu looked very nice.  I may have to go back alone and try one - Bacon Wrapped Dates or Tomato Mozzarella Caprese - with a glass of wine, at the bar.
3	Biaggi's is good. The service is fine. The decor is nice. But... I'm just not enthralled. Given a choice, I'd pick a different restaurant. I'm not really even sure why, other than the overall experience feels a little pretentious and I think the price/value relationship is a bit off.Maybe it's the lighting?
5	The hype is real. Best sit down place for Italian ive found in champaign. I got taken here for a pre interview dinner. We we were served family style and I polished off almost all the dishes since no one wanted to be that guy that ate everything. I really didn't want the job so I just came to eat all the food. Needless to say I didn't get the job but I found a great restaurant. Its reasonably priced for italian food but I couldn't eat there very much cause I was a poor college student. I wished I could have ate there more though. Honestly its actually pretty cheap for the quality but my student loans barred me from eating there too much. Don't be like me and regret eating at this fine restaurant people
4	Hmmm where do I start.  I guess I could give them FIVE stars alone just for taking on the daunting task of feeding 35 young, LOUD track stars and their parents. You see, we were in Bloomington for the Track Tournament at Wesleyan University.  We were tired, the kids were sweaty (I'm being nice) and HUNGRY and did I mention we were loud?  Well, we were given a private room, I presume in hopes of keeping the noise level down for the other patrons. Hahahaha well, it was worth the try.  Anyway, I digress, on to the service. We were assigned 5 waiters/waitresses.  They moved seamlessly throughout the private dining area, taking orders, filling and refilling beverage requests, bringing bread and conversing with us. HOW they managed to do all that AND get us in and out of there in under two hours is beyond me!The FOOD. The food was DELICIOUS!  Maybe it had something to do with the fact that we were on day two of eating food out of a cooler, but I sincerely doubt that. My husband ordered the Chicken Pimietro (I know I spelled that wrong). It was melt in your mouth good. Yes, I stole some off his plate (don't judge me). Hmmm, I hope he never reads my yelps and discovers my dirty little secret.  I, on the other hand, opted for the Chicken Pietra (succulent chicken breast stuffed with Smoked Gouda and Ham). This was served with asparagus and I asked for Herb Roasted Potatoes instead of the garlic mashed listed on the menu. Don't worry, I didn't actually eat them, I traded my potatoes for my hubby's zucchini and squash. All I can say is.....Why isn't there one of these in MD? Oh wait, I think another yelper said it was along the lines of Maggianos, but I can't say I agree. The atmosphere was different (better), the menu was less overwhelming in regards to choices and the customer service was spectacular. If I ever find myself back in Bloomington (read that as see you next year), I will definitely be stopping by WITHOUT the track entourage!
5	Best in town.
3	Being Italian-American and cooking my own Italian food, I don't often dine in Italian restaurants.  This occasion was a luncheon to honor my staff for their continued efforts and they wanted Biaggi's.  We were a party of ten and the service was prompt and courteous and friendly.  The bread placed on the table was okay and the olive oil and cheese was of modest quality.  I started with the Bacon Wrapped Dates (who can resist bacon) and they were quite good.  Nice blend of salty and sweet and the bacon perfectly done.  Followed that with the Stuffed Pork Loin that was served with asparagus spears and garlic mashed potatoes.  All were nicely done.  Everyone at the table had something different and all enjoyed their meals.  One person ordered a half size order of Spaghetti Marinara which was ample.  Can't imagine a full sized one.  All the portions were of good size.  I opted for Bananas Foster for dessert and it was just okay, nothing remarkable.  Prices were reasonable, the ambiance comfortable and inviting, noise level was moderate.Second Visit:Went to dinner here tonight and it didn't start off well. I was seated and then ignored.  I finally asked the hostess if they intended to provide me with a server.  One was provided, a very capable and sweet young woman named Cara who took good care of me the rest of the evening. I started with the Bacon Wrapped Dates that made such an impression on me during my first visit.  The bacon was a bit underdone this time but still tasty.  I ordered the Chicken Piemontese and it was okay, lacking seasoning.  The asparagus again nicely done and the roasted potatoes done well.  Treated myself to dessert tonight.  Ordered some espresso and a glass of Sambuca, which surprisingly came in the traditional Italian way with three coffee beans (Sambuca con la mosca = Sambuca with the flies).  It is said that the beans represent health, happiness, and prosperity. Nice touch.  Had planned to have the Lemon Tower Cake but had a mental lapse and instead ordered the cannoli, which had a nice, crisp shell and nice garnish, but the filling was now what I am accustomed to.  As I finished, Jamie, a managing partner, came over and engaged me in conversation about the food, etc.  He was very pleasant and courteous, gave me his card, and told me to let him know of my next visit and we'd talk food and wine.  I don't think he knew of my "connections" so I assume the gesture was genuine.  I will take him up on the offer.  He showed rispetto.
3	Definitely a chain Italian place.  I've asked people who have tried Olive Garden, Macaroni Grill and Carraba's and they put Biaggi's up there near the top.My party of 9 dined there on a Saturday afternoon and due to the large size of our party we had to dine fairly early.  We were seated in a large private room where more of the bigger parties were situated.Service was fast and accurate.I ordered the Messina salad which was basically a "Greek" with olives, feta, onion and olive oil.  Very nice and very ample.  My entree was a stromboli which was just okay.  Everyone else had a pasta dish and everybody was very pleased.  Most had "half-orders" which I definitely recommend for females but if you're a man with an appetite you can definitely handle the "whole."My only real complaint is that the temperature in our area was set to "freeze" which was fine during the salad phase but the entrees didn't stay warm for long once they arrived.  At some point in the meal one of the other tables must have commented because the A/C went idle for a few minutes and it made an immediate difference.Prices were very fair and they gladly packaged leftovers.We dined at 4 p.m. and there was staff galore to handle about 50% capacity.  I would expect they could easily handle an evening setting.
1	I try to enjoy this place, but every time I think about giving them another chance...*sigh* major disappointment.  But what do you expect, it's definitely NOT homemade Italian food, which I guess no chain can compare to.  And if that is what you're expecting, this is not the place to go.  I guess I can start with things that I have found enjoyable in the past when not given the choice of places to go with a big group.  I had on occasion gotten the capellini di mare and found it acceptable for what it is.  A spicy seadfoodie tomatoey veggie sauce with a few scallops and shrimp and some squid. And a mound of pasta... mostly pasta very little seafood and for I think it was $17... yikes. (Not that you would expect fresh seafood but the shrimp were salty as if they had been but in a brine to take away their old seafood taste)  I also have gotten the wedge salad which tasted fine but was nothing special.  The lobster squid ink pasta is something I regularly got as well.  The kids menu was $7 for a bland "pizza".Honestly, I would just recommend to avoid the place completely.I would say the last 5 times (4 too many) throughout the past 2 years the service has been AWFUL.  I've encountered a very rude waitress who insulted the person paying for the meal as she was handing him the check.  Another time, when they were dead and we had been waiting a very long time for our food, I ran to the bathroom with my 3 year old and found her sitting in the back party room with her phone out texting/something who knows!  When I got back to the table our food still hadn't arrived.  Which this doesn't make sense to me because usually there are runners, but maybe not during the day when they are slow?  Anyway.. she finally came out with our food which had clearly been sitting under a heat lamp for a VERY long time.  I had gotten a half and half pasta/salad.  My pasta had a film over the sauce from sitting and the salad was hot and wilted from sitting on the same plate under the lamp.  Again recently I ended up here when someone else was taking us out.  Two servers came up to us and claimed the other was being trained so they would both be helping us.  I thought great!.. with two we may get semi decent service.  We ordered our food, and when it came out, the pasta the person to my side had ordered came out not as it is supposed to be.  She had ordered the black pasta, which I must say has a texture to it and appeal that a normal boxed linguine does not.  The runner said "oh.. your server didn't tell you" and we said no and that the pasta was one of the main components of the dish.  She said nothing more, didn't offer to change it or see if she wanted something else and just kind of wandered away.  Maybe she should have been more up front about how disappointed she was when the server came back to ask how everything was, but oh well, just another nail in the coffin.Bread and pasta are cheap!  I could make any of the dishes they serve, in my own home, for a few dollars and with a lot more taste! I am done with you Biaggis.
5	My family and I have gotten hooked on Biaggi's great half and half special for $8.99...you get a half portion of any pasta entree plus unlimited salad. Pair that with the wonderful bread dipped in olive oil and pepper and you have a gorgeous lunch almost at fast-food prices. Sometimes I splurge and go for one of the larger entrees. Last time I was there I got the salmon on a bed of saffron cream risotto that was unbelievably good! Biaggi's doesn't feel like a chain restaurant at all  The atmosphere is elegant but casual and family-friendly. Servers are very nice and attentive. One of the best restaurants in Champaign!
4	Note: this is a delayed review. The last time I was here was in 2010.Delicious appetizer bread sticks. I have tried various fish, lobster, and veal dishes, all of which were very well-sized and appropriately flavorful. Prices are very reasonable for this kind of food.
5	We've been regulars since Biaggi's opened their Champaign location. Always enjoyed the food and received outstanding service. Nice wine list and the bartenders are terrific. Great for date night as well as family time. On a winter night, you can't beat the tall bar tables and cozy atmosphere. One aspect of Biaggi's that I don't think other reviewers covered is their attentiveness to food allergies. My daughter has an anyaphylactic food allergy and Biaggis' is one her favorite restaurants because she knows they will take good care of her.
5	I am in town on business and I have eaten here twice in the last two weeks. The food is really good and the staff is very attentive. I like the atmosphere. The food isn't just the normal "Italian" food offerings. They have a few unusual things which make this place better in my book.The bread they serve is great because they serve both a normal Italian bread and a focaccia. The first night I ordered the Chicken Pietro which was amazing. It was really one of the better chicken dishes I have ever ordered. I didn't want the vegetables that came with the dish and they had no problems substituting then for a different vegetable medley.  The second night I ordered the Salmon and Shrimp Milanese. Again, it was very tasty, and the risotto it came with was truly delicious.I was very pleased with both of my meals and if I am every around a Biaggi's again, I will try to eat dinner there.
2	I guess this is the fancy Italian chain restaurant.  While it is better than say Olive Garden or Carrabbas, that is not saying much.  On top of that it is just to expensive for what you get.  That fake, country rustic vibe is prevalent throughout.  Service is cheerful and peppy.  For a large group they did fine.  Everything from the kitchen came out at the same time.  Which is professional, though some things were cold.  Understandable, but I wish places like this would just bring the food out when it is hot.  Maybe I am alone in that regard, because most places will do this.  Anyway, that really is not a big deal.They shout from the highest high top table that everything is freshly made or sourced here.  If that is true, they need better sources or they need to make better pasta.  Just the typical over stuffed pasta dishes that are found in most Italian places.  The scallops are bad.  Rubbery, chewy, and flavorless.  The salads are not that good...the dreaded and bland Caesar, house, and wedge.  Calamari is dry, rubbery, and flavorless.  Average wine list, and a crappy beer list.  Both pretty typical for such a place.  There are not a lot of great options for Italian in Champaign/Urbana/Savoy.  This place certainly has that faux chain look that draws people in by the masses.  Which is probably why they have been open for so many years.  Though just an upscale Olive Garden.  Manzella's is about the same, with a much friendlier, welcoming vibe (if a bit dated), and better bang for your buck IMO.
5	Always great!  Whether we stop in for a light lunch or supper the service and food are always great!  Calamari and Wedge salad are great.  If you ask they will make a special donut for dessert, the sorbets are also excellent.  Nice place to take a date or celebrate just the two of you or a whole family.  Always a few beers on tap and a good selection of wine.  Bread and oil on the table, lots of friendly wait staff.  I really enjoy the Ziti.
3	Beautiful restaurant, awesome service, delicious bread & oil/parmesan. Very mediocre food. However, if you like donuts... I highly recommend Bomboloni.. one of the best deserts I've EVER had. (+1 star)
1	Traveling through Champaign-Urbana and decided to have dinner at Biaggi's as we were familiar with the menu.  We had been to Biaggi's  in other cities and had always had pleasant experiences...until this one. We had a 7:45 reservation and got there a bit before that.  We were seated within a few minutes.  We sat at our table for over 10 minutes and no service. Not even an acknowledgment. Finally flagged someone down and they said our server would be with us shortly.  FINALLY, our server came by.  We ordered our drinks...nothing fancy just 1 beer, a soda' and an Arnold Palmer.  We also placed our order.  2 salads and a soup then our entrees. Drinks came and we drank them and we waited...waitress nowhere in site. Not sure how long it took her to come back, but it was long enough that we were all irritated.  We asked about our salads, and soup.  She said it would be out shortly.  It wasn't!  By now it's like 9:15.  We were not happy.  Finally about 10 min later our salads, etc came out.  Still no entrees.  We asked to speak with a manager.  He came by, we explained the situation.  Thank god, my husband did the talking cuz he's much more dignified than I am. LOLManager apologized and said he had a BRAND new kitchen staff and they were still adapting, etc.  WTF...really dude!!!  Oh by the way, did I mention this was a Friday night!  The manager also said he felt really bad and dinner was on him.  Very nice gesture, but that didn't make up for the fact that we spent our entire evening sitting at Biaggi's.  Our dinner finally came out at 9:45.  By the time we left it was 10:15.  The whole evening was a disaster.  Bottom line...horrible experience and we will probably not go to Biaggi's again.
3	Good food for a chain.  Fairly pricey.I had the crab cake app, and the chicken Alfredo dinner.  You can tell that most, if not all of the ingredients arrive frozen.  That is how chains work, and this one is no different.  Our server was excellent!!
3	Great staff but food unfortunately was lacking. Perhaps it just so happened that I ordered the "wrong" dish (a rather mediocre Farfalle Alfredo) but I never enjoyed their butternut squash ravioli in the past either so...I will give them props for dessert though. The lemon tower cake was luscious and served with the freshest strawberries.
4	Great Italian restaurant.  Their pasta is always good, and our waitress was awesome.  There is small outside patio. I always enjoy eating here.
4	Great service, great food! I love the capellini di mare and the desserts are awesome as well!
4	Upper echelon Italian at least for C-U. Never had a bad meal here, maybe a bit overpriced.
4	The atmosphere was pleasant and comfortable.The service from our waiter, Mark, was friendly and attentive.I ordered the pork chop, which was well prepared.  My wife ordered the lasagna which was somewhat bland.For dessert we ordered the cheesecake and tiramisu.  The cheesecake was good, but the tiramisu was a bit over-soggy though still enjoyable.Overall it was a good experience, and all of the dishes had a lovely presentation.  Just a matter of finding the ones that they do well.
1	I just left this place attending our annual office holiday luncheon.  I WILL NEVER EVER EEEEVER EAT OR REFER ANYONE to eat at this place EVER.  The service was bad. They had us crammed into a table with 10 people right by the server station. Took FOREVER bringing our food.  The waitresses attitude STUNK and my food was uncooked.  I sent it back and by the time it did come everyone was done eating and I just had them put it in a box for me.  NEVER AGAIN!! NO!
5	Great,  slightly more authentic that Olive Garden, Italian.  Great selection of dishes, all tasty, wonderful bread and olive oil. A good solid standard.
4	One of my favorites and probably the best Italian in C-U. They can do dinner for 2, big groups or anything in between. Had the family-style feast with a group of 25 and everybody was pleased. House salad, Farfalle Alfredo, spaghetti and meatballs all around!
4	I went here at 8pm on a Monday night and the place was dead but I can't understand why.  The service was great.  Bread was brought right away and it was very good.  The chicken parmesan wasn't amazing, but it was pretty good.  Dessert was divine -- I had the white chocolate bread pudding and fell in love.  They also had a nutella skillet cookie that was calling my name but I could only pick one.  I'll definitely be trying this place again.
5	Always enjoyed this place for a relaxing lunch. Good food, good service, and a warm relaxing atmosphere, especially good in winter when it is dreary outside.
4	GREAT Italian restaurant. Started in bloomington IL and has now spread throughout the midwest. I am yet to have a pasta dish that I didn't love. Their delicious homemade bread and oil/pepper/parmesan they put out on the tables before your entrees is reason enough to come. I would say its closest competitor/comparison would be Olive Garden, but you get a higher quality meal at a slightly lower price here.One great option is getting a half-portion (my dates here have always loved this) where you can get a half-portion of your favorite pasta for 8.99. And it is more than enough to fill up most ladies! I highly recommend Biaggi's for a date night or nice family dinner.The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the noise. They have never done a great job of sound-proofing their restaurants and during peak hours it can get quite noisy.
5	Biaggi's is my favorite go-to place for a nice sit down meal in Champaign. I have been there countless times and I have never had a bad experience. I have also tried my fair share of different dishes on their menu and have never been disappointed. I had the chicken parmesan the last time I went in February, but just about anything you order will be delicious. I would recommend making a reservation ahead of time because it can get very crowded especially on the weekends, or even during the weekdays. Sometimes there are different kinds of events and people may go to Biaggi's in a big group afterwards so it doesn't hurt to be on the safe side and make a reservation.
4	Good enough in Champaign-Urbana.A lot of people are fans of their lobster fettucini although I generally don't trust seafood in the midwest (the only time i got this dish the lobster did not taste fresh...) but they do have other great dishes too!
2	Not a fan. The service when we went was passable, but only from the waitress. The kitchen delayed all our food because they messed up a steak (seriously, how do you mess up a steak?) which meant that everything we ate was cold. From what I can tell it wouldn't be bad warm- I had the stromboli, which was passable as is- but when you mess up that badly, it's hard to make fans.Also, unrelated, the wine seemed rather expensive. Maybe that's just me, though.
5	Favorite.  Delicious.  Love the scallops over risotto.  My husband and I usually split a house salad.  Always excellent service.
5	Aaammmazinggggg! We got there late night on a Saturday and they were very very kind and packed our food up for us, which was delicious! The baked ziti is to die for as is their special pasta. We also had the calamari. Our waiter was a very helping hand and they gave us a lot of delicious bread to take home. Definitely a winner!
4	This was our FAVORITE place to go when visiting my sister at U of I. Relatively reasonably priced but delicious Italian food (Olive Garden who??). I loved the pasta/sausage/goat cheese dinner (sorry, blanking on name), and bread with olive oil, pepper and parmesan cheese has never tasted as good as it did when I first learned about it here. I know there are other sites near me, and I need to think of an excuse to go!
5	Great service and great food for a first time customer. Would definitely recommend for a date night.
5	Biaggi's is fantastic. They've recently remodeled and it looks great in there. I feel comfortable and relaxed. The servers are knowledgeable on the food and the vast wine selection. Be sure to ask for Kyle's section of he is there. He won't let you down in pairing the perfect wine with anything you want to eat. I make sure to try their specials every time I'm in there. The risotto is almost always on point. It can be pricey if you aren't paying attention, but the food is well worth it. With the remodel, I was hoping they'd update the bathrooms but they still seem tacky to me. But if that's my only complaint, you know I believe in this restaurant. Five stars (4.5 if I could - due to the bathrooms and the priciness, but it's way better than Olive Garden.)
4	Very very good Italian food. However, the good food comes with a very steep price. If your looking for a good date night restaurant this is the place to go.
4	Excellent service from our waiter...forgot his name..Grant? He was extremely polite and kept telling my group we had good questions which was pretty funny. He was also on top of bringing our bread and refilling our water. Food was delicious. I did not expect my seafood to be so big too. The amount and quality is worth the price, at least for the seafood pasta I got. The olive oil/pepper/cheese mix for our bread was very good! The only thing I wish for is the bread to be warmer when it is served to it. It was a little cold, if not plain temp. I will come again!
2	I again tried the CU location and the service is HORRIBLE!!!!  It had been 2 years so I thought I would give it another try. They got 1 speed...SLOW!  The last trip I called the manager.  Today I talked to the manager.  He could care less:(. Never going again which is too bad because the food is fine once you get to order and it eventually comes:(
5	I might be Biaggi's biggest fan!  Whenever family comes to visit U of I, I always suggest going to Biaggi's.  I would definitely recommend the Fettuccine with Lobster, it has a hint of spiciness and the seafood is always on par-not to mention the huge food portions you get.  I have been here in both small and large groups and been happy with my meal and the service every time. Biaggi's lives up to the Italian "family style" restaurant, but with a finer dining service.  I can't wait to be back for great wine, pasta and bread!
5	Nice Italian restaurant. Never have had any issues with service. Wait isn't usually long. Food is pretty good.
2	I have to downgrade my review after having two disappointing experiences at Biaggi's. We have been there on two occasions when the restaurant was extremely busy and crowded. I don't totally blame the server because it is very hard to keep up with that kind of pressure, but the service was terrible. Our orders got all screwed up-all of them-and we never got refills on our drinks. Food was just OK although a step up from Olive Garden (which isn't saying much.) I won't be back.
3	Date night on a Friday for a small dinner.The restaurant itself is really nice inside, not something I expected to find in Champaign!Our server was nice but wasn't great, maybe it's because we had such a simple dinner!The bread and oil was pretty good.I had the Chicken Marsala which I thought was just OK, it was lacking something that I just couldn't put my finger on. She had the fettuccini alfredo which was reportedly good. Huge portions on both, and I would have needed a doggy bag if I ordered anything else.I did not order any alcohol, appetizers or deserts like I usually do, as we were not that hungry to begin with.I was so preoccupied with my date that I didn't mentally jot down too much about the experience like I usually do for my reviews, oh well!For now, I'll say a 3/5. However, I definitely do recommend Biaggi's as the food is of a higher quality than most C-U restaurants and it reminded me of some of my favorite Italian dishes back home.I will go back and get something else hopefully soon.
1	We hadn't been to Biaggis for a while but it had been one of our favorite places.I loved the filet and thought it was the best in town. This wasn't the case tonight. We arrived at 5pm and were promptly seated. We then waited for what seemed like forever. I ordered the filet as usual even though I noticed the price had increased by about 30%!!I could live with that but it turns out that even though the price had increased substantially, the quality had decreased substantially. The plating did not look as I remember it looking. There was hardly any sauce. The sun dried tomatoes were decimated. There was hardly any asparagus and very few potatoes. With the substantial price increase I would think they could have maintained or increased the quality. Biaggis is no longer a preferred destination for us.
