4	Relatively new nail salon in Villeray. Big location, very clean and comfortable. Nice collection of colors to choose from (OPI, Essie, Shellac). They offer 15%  student and elder discount on Mondays and Tuesday. Prices are very competive even without the discount.
4	Great nail salon with a spa look and feel. Spacious, great choice of polish for gel and regular polish, and friendly staff. Had a pedicure and was very satisfied by the attention to detail and end result. Competitive prices and very clean environment. Will recommend and come back for sure.
5	I went here for the first time today based on other people's reviews. It was a very nice, clean and well-lit place. The people were so friendly and nice! I had so much fun talking to them all afternoon. They made me feel super comfortable and welcome. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone! Prices are very good. And while I admit, I'm not a nail expert in any way, I must say that my nails very, very lovely! They really took the time to take care of my nails and to take care of me personally, and to get to know me. It was wonderful place. I can't wait to go back :)
5	Love this place!  Very clean environment, and great service, great attention to detail, and good selection.  Very competitive prices ($35.00 manicure, pedicure), will for sure go back and would highly recommend to anyone, a great addition to Villeray!
1	Terrible! I recently got a gel nail fill and hated it.They can't do any designs, even the simplest ones.  I asked for colour tips with a small heart on my accent nail.  She said she didn't know how to do that after telling me she had been doing nails for 16 years. I ended up getting white tips with a full colour accent nail.  they use airbrush paint for white tips and got paint ALL OVER MY HANDS!They didn't shape my nails properly, it was messy and when she actually used the gel colour for my accent nail, she got it all over my skin.I jumped from chair to chair and had to keep moving my stuff (i.e purse and shopping bags)My nails also hurt for an entire day after I got them done.  It was very cheap but that was the only positive thing i have to say about this place
