5	I attended this as part of a Yelp event on opening night, and I expected this to be a decent show but this went above and beyond my expectations.  The set and costumes were beautiful and all of the actors fantastic.  They added some additional bits of humor to it with the interactions of the characters that made it even more entertaining than the original.  Everyone was cracking up laughing during portion of the show and the kids sitting behind me were clearly highly entertained (as well as the adults!).  All of the characters seemed to really get into it and love what they were doing and scrooge was fantastic.  I was impressed with the characters' ability to go from a stern or curmudgeonly attitude, to being fun and giddy and humorous depending on the context.  The special effects with the ghosts were also very well done, and felt quite spooky and creepy at times.
4	This was a good rendition of the classic "A Christmas Carol" in a wonderful venue.We won tickets as part of a Yelp give-away and our seats were wonderful on the orchestra floor.  It appeared that there would have been no bad seats in the theatre.The props were stellar with ghosts coming up from the floor, even.  The performance was good with some actors performing better than others.  I especially liked the performances of Terry Wickline as both Mrs. Dilber and Mrs. Fezziwig, as well as Tim Hartman as Mr. Fezziwig and Ghost of Christmas Present.  They did their jobs especially well.  I have to say I was somewhat disappointed in the performance of the main character, Scrooge himself, as played by Tom Atkins.  I realize it was the first performance on opening night but his performance seemed a bit off, with it seeming as if he was just shouting lines at times without quite the appropriate emotion to go along with the lines.  Nonetheless, it was a nice Christmas event and glad we went.
4	I have to agree with Brenda in that I don't think the Scrooge character was 'hitting on all cylinders'.  He did seem to be just delivering lines where the rest of the cast was fully engulfed in their performance.  Our seats- orchestra floor- were awesome and with it being our first trip ever to the Byham- we were SO happy to have gone.  I don't typically pay upwards of $60 per for a performance but this one, and getting to see the inside of the Byham, might help to convince me to do it more often.Thanks again to Yelp and Rachel C. for the comps...!
4	The overall musical was excellent. I actually came expecting to hear a banal story with a little music. I was pleasantly surprised to watch all the characters come to life and tell the story with a refreshing and entertaining performance. From the miserly turned joyful Ebenezer Scrooge to the youthful and friendly Jacob Marley the ebullient and entertaining Mr. and Mrs. Fezziwig, the entire cast did a great job portraying Dickens's "A Christmas Carol." I felt a warm and fuzzy feeling inside me towards the end of the musical.The venue itself is a decent size. A large orchestra section and balcony section. My friend and I sat towards the back right orchestra. Despite our distance from the stage, we could hear all that was being said (granted, most of the cast had microphones). I'm not sure how the acoustics would have been like without the microphones. Anyway, we had a great first experience at Byham Theater. I look forward to watching other performances here.
4	How festive!   I checked out the show on opening night.  I've seen better renditions of the Scrooge character, but the show overall was really good.  Definitely what I needed to get me into the Christmas spirit.   The music was well done and the fog machine (something I typically think is over the top) really added to the overall effect.  Orchestra Row N was a great place to watch from, but really there isn't a bad seat in the house.  A must see if you are looking to get into the holiday mood.
4	I'm a huge fan of musicals, but I have to admit - A Musical Christmas Carol was never on my radar. Not that I didn't want to see it; there are just many other musicals I have on my bucket list to see. After seeing this production (thanks to Yelp!), I am now a fan! I thought the set was awesome. The Byham has a noticeably smaller stage than other theaters in the city, but they made the most of the area. I thought it was beautifully decorated and made be feel like I was truly in the scene with them. Costumes were great as well!The show itself was great. It definitely exceeded my expectations. I was afraid it was going to go slow and I was going to lose interest, but they did a good job keeping things moving at a steady pace. I was particularly fond of the woman who played the maid and wife. Her performance was hilarious. She's a true comedy act! I also loved the man who played her husband (he also played a ghost I believe). Once again, so funny! I loved seeing him come out because I knew we were going to laugh. People are criticizing Scrooge's performance, but I thought he did good. There may have been times he could have added more to his character, but he's Scrooge. He's supposed to be bland. My only criticism (maybe because I wasn't too familiar with the story) was that I expected there to be more music and singing. There were only a handful of times music was involved and each time it wasn't a full song. It seemed like it was more or less used to help transition scenes. I loooove Christmas music so I would have liked to hear some carols. Thanks again Yelp for giving me some Christmas spirit!
4	I was lucky enough to get tickets to the show through a Yelp giveaway.  Our seats were AMAZING!  Orchestra center, about 12 rows back, you can't get much better than that!  The scenery was gorgeous I thought, and really set the mood for Victorian London.  They used the stage and scenery well and were all over stage right, left, and everywhere in between.  The costumes were well done and I loved seeing the carolers in all of the Victorian glory.  The acting was actually pretty darn good, though I will say that some of the so called English accents were a little weak at times.  I'm pretty sure Scrooge went from English to Scottish to Australian accents many time throughout the performance.  He pretty much finished the show in a Scottish accent.  The singing was really excellent and I loved all of the traditional carols throughout the show.  I do agree that I'm not quite sure this was considered a "musical" because the only singing was during transitions in the story.  The songs had nothing to do with the storyline or plot like in your traditional musical.  Still singing was excellent, just wish I had heard more of it.  Scrooge's sister had a really beautiful voice especially.My one word of caution is that if you're bringing children, make sure they aren't especially skittish.  I'm pretty sure the 4 or 5 year old boy in front of me was scared to bejeezus when some of the ghosts came out. Overall a great Pittsburgh production and a great tradition for your family!
4	The hubby and I enjoyed our evening out seeing The Musical Christmas Carol. Our free seats were excellent - in the orchestra section and right on the aisle. I was most impressed by the stunning set and by Tim Hartman's performance. The set was absolutely incredible, and while we sat waiting for the musical to begin, I couldn't stop gazing at it, looking at the little details and imagining the amount of time and effort that was put into curating it. Tim Hartman's performance definitely stole the show with his booming voice, larger-than-life presence, and ability to play four different characters flawlessly in the show. This was my first time at the Byham Theater, and I look forward to returning in the future.
