4	Ever since Kukuruza Popcorn in AZ Mills shut down I've gone to hell and back to try and find a cheddar popcorn that could stack up to theirs. I used to brave that hell hole of a mall just to fill up on those little kernels of cheesy salty goodness. Well, when AZ Mills started its painfully obvious downward slide towards ghetto-ness, Kukuruza lost it's market and was one of the casualties. For a couple years now I've yearned for some cheddar popcorn that could compare to Kukuruza's. I had no luck until I found Popcornopolis. It's a new little popcorn shop in Chandler Fashion Square. I heard about it through one of my brothers rants...he was ranting about how people spend way too much money on stuff that should be cheap...his first example was this popcorn place he had seen in the mall (this place) which charges five or six bucks for a tiny bag of popcorn...his rant should have turned me off like it was indented to...but it did the opposite, it put Popcornopolis on my radar. I decided to go pick some up before seeing a movie this last weekend. I figure I'd go spend about five bucks on some 'expensive' popcorn, yet still save money from what I would pay for underwhelming theater popcorn, go figure. Upon entering, its clear this place has a really artisan appearance...it looked like the type of place you could get some mighty tasty snacks in, just based on looks alone...even if you are paying a little more than usual. We were greeted by one of the workers who asked us if she could 'give us the tour'. Of course we said yes to that! What followed was a unholy barrage of samples of just about every type of popcorn I could imagine. We were given samples of probably 15 or so different flavors of popcorn...we were given so much free samples in fact, that I was almost too stuffed to actually buy some. Just to name a few...here are some we tried:Cinnamon Toast - Tasted remarkably just like real Cinnamon Toast.Sour Cream and Onion - Tasted like a potato chip...very strong onion flavor.Almond - Fresh and crunchy with little pieces of almonds...quite good.Zebra - Way too rich...too much going on with this one.Kettle - Perfect mix of salty and sweet...some of the better kettle corn I've tried.Nacho - If you like spicy, you'll love this...my mouth was on fire after just a couple pops.Cheddar - And now for the big daddy of them all...the whole reason I tried this place. I'm proud to say that Popcornopolis knows how to brew up a tasty batch of cheddar popcorn. Strong cheesy and buttery flavor...crunchy on the outside yet soft and chewy on the inside...with a healthy coating of flaky cheddar cheese powder...I finally found a cheddar popcorn to replace my old flame. If you're in the Chandler Mall area...I say give this place a try. It is a tad on the pricier side...but at the very least go in and get some free samples. Popcorn if done right can be such a gourmet treat, and Popcornopolis is one of the few places that nails the concept of 'gourmet popcorn'. They also sell some pretty good lucking caramel apples and chocolates, but I didn't leave enough room to try any of those. I hope this place succeeds, so that I'm not stuck with a cheddar popcorn void in my life...every few months I NEED cheddar popcorn, is that so wrong?! In the meantime I better go wipe this yellow cheddar powder off of my upper lip. 4/5.
5	I love kettle popcorn! Of coursed it's at it best on a fair freshly popped, salty and sweet and crunchy. Microwave corn is an in case of emergency and bag one, meh.Kettle corn at Popcornopolis is delicious! It would be perfect if it was hot, but that would be asking too much:)I also really like the nacho cheese which is pretty spicy and the sour cream and onion. It's great that you can mix different types of popcorn in the cone if you want to!Oh! And you can have samples of any and all popcorn flavors!Besides popcorn they had other treats like caramel/chocolate apples and dipped bananas.The people working there are very nice and helpful. They even got my 2 y/o extra popcorn on a little plate:) It's a bit pricey but worth it.
4	I went with a mix via the counter girl's suggestion:CaramelSour cream and onionNacho cheese (jalepeno is in it!)Sweet, spicy and savory.  Highly, highly highly addictive.
5	Went into this place yesterday for a snack tried the cinnamon toast holy crap is it good wanted to just try it but ended up buying a bag. This stuff is good and addicting try it you won't be disappointed.
5	This popcorn is really delicious.Ingredients are rich. It's a good choice to spend time with it.
5	Popcornopolis came out to sell popcorn at our Fall Festival all the way out here in Surprise and it was a HUGE hit! They have been doing fundraisers for us for a while now and Maria is wonderful! I've had the cheddar, nearly naked, kettlecorn, cinnamon toast and ZEBRA CORN. I put the ZEBRA CORN in all caps because Dah-am is it ever amazing. We sell it by the cone for fundraisers and it is BY FAR the best selling of all the flavors. Chocolately goodness over salty popcorn is heavenly. As fundraisers go, I can't recommend Popcornopolis enough. Maria is helpful, knowledgeable, and easy to work with. The popcorn is so fresh you'd think they popped it at that very moment. It's a long drive to their shop for me, but I will be making the trek out there soon because I really want to stock up for the holidays!
5	Best. Popcorn. Ever.Their kettlecorn & cheddar flavors are great... a little pricey but I think it's worth it.  They pretty much have a flavor for everyone... sweet, savory... they get richer with the premium flavors like cupcake & caramel chocolate.Ask for a free sample if in doubt.
