4	Let me just say I hate having car problems and being a girl!!! I woke up this morning and hopped in my car ready to start my day. I got the click click click click when I turned the key and just froze. Yikes really? I saw a roofer guy working across the street and wish I knew who he worked for so I could give him a huge kudos. Anyway, he jumped my car and off I went. Now, what about that receipt for the battery, where did I put it? Yeah, I found it in my car file, amazing I actually did it right this time, LOL!. I headed to autozone and the guy came right out and tested my battery, I gave him my receipt because it was a 7yr battery and it has only been 25 months since I purchased it. So they prorated it and gave me credit towards my new battery and installed it in less than 5 minutes. What a great relief and no hassles and the guy even said that I didn't need the receipt that they go by your phone number, so just in case next time... Good to remember. So no idle chit chat, just fix and go. Thanks autozone!
5	This is my top choice for replacing my car battery.I bought a battery from an Autozone in Chandler a couple years ago. I visited here in Gilbert when I began to have battery problems. I was a little perplexed because it didn't seem that my battery should be dying so soon. And I didn't have a receipt or anything to prove it.Good news!  Autozone had my account in their system and a record of when I bought the battery. Yay! (Doing the happy dance.) The records said the battery had a few months before it was set to expire.Since it was still under warranty, I got a new 2-year battery for free! They installed it for me and everything. PLUS, they will discount my next battery purchase because the previous one was defective. Yelp, you heard it right!So Cool. So Awesome. What was especially sweet is that I didn't have to ask for all this. I didn't have to whine or throw a tantrum or demand to see a manager (All actions I wouldn't have taken anyway, but you know what I'm sayin...).I have to say, I think I trust Autozone. I am hesitant to say this because I was taught NOT to trust mechanics. So we'll see. But as far as batteries go, they seem to be the real deal. Like I said, this is my top choice for replacing my car battery.
5	I am extremely happy with the service of AutoZone professionals at (1375 E WARNER RD, GILBERT, AZ 85296).I had a particularly unique experience there, when I called up the store and checked if they could help me replace my motorcycle battery - and one of the guys on the phone said - yes. When I reached the store though, they were not sure that they could indeed do it since my motorcycle required removing the tank and re-fitting the battery. And this is something that they do not offer as one of their services.However, one gentleman at the store (who previously owned a motorcycle, I think the name was Carlos) volunteered to help me out just because I had been promised something, and they wanted to deliver it. This, to me, is an example of utmost professionalism and goes to show the dedicated culture within AutoZone. The individual from AutoZone helped me out for a good 30 min+, and did not charge me for his service - I was so surprised and could not thank him enough. I will definitely return to the store for any help that I need with my car. Thank you again for your kindness & help.
5	Had an amazing experience this evening.  My battery was dead when I woke up - finally got it jumped and drove it over. They tested the charge level of the battery and let me know I could leave and maybe be OK, but not guaranteed. Went ahead and got the new battery. He installed it super quick and all was right in the world again.  I'd definitely go here again. these guys really care about their customers.
5	What an amazing experience! I went there to have them test and print up why my check engine light was on. While I was there I thought might as well check my battery. Damian went above and beyond by not only checking my battery once but a couple times to make sure it was holding a charge, turns out it wasn't. He replaced it and printed out what was wrong with my car (it needed coolant). Thanks Damian! I will always go back here!!
