4	I really liked books-a-million. Although it is a chain, it doesn't feel like one. But at the same time, it's got a huge selection of books and a decent selection of gifty items up front by the register. They even have a cafe for you to relax with a cup of coffee. It may feel a bit like Borders or Barnes, but one of the employees explained to me that they are very dedicated to keeping the books as the main pull here, instead of CD and DVD's, like Borders and Barnes tend to do. Very clean store and great service.
4	This is the biggest bookstore I've been to in a long time.  Even the magazine selection is enormous.  The shopping complex this is in is huge too, I've never seen a Starbucks next to an ABC before.  I'm putting this at the top of my list of awesome bookstores in Charlotte.  The sheer volume is amazing.My only complaint is it's always warm.  I'm usually only in the store ten or fifteen minutes before I notice it's uncomfortable.  I couldn't imagine getting a coffee and sitting in one of their plush chairs.  It would be like sitting in a sauna, but that's probably just me.
3	Good selection of books here. The shelves are pretty organized. I was kind of surprised they didn't carry Wired magazine. They seemed to have every other magazine known to man though! The staff seem fairly knowledgeable and they offer coupons and discounts like most big chains. It reminds me a lot of Borders without the music section. They even sell old library books here for $3. It's your typical book store.
4	Books a Million is a bookstore for actual bibliophiles.  Unlike other book chains that sell more Twilight merchandise (it's here as well unfortunately), Books a Million has a great selection of, well, books.  Unlike other chains that are swarming with bored teens on the weekends, this BAM store is pleasantly quiet at most all times.They have an awesome clearance section....overstocks for $4-6.  Plus, BAM has a program where they get former library book lease program books.  Its kinda like buying a "program" car from CarMax.  These are popular titles for only $3 and they're in good shape!  The place is organized well and never cluttered like other bookstores. BAM staff are helpful, smiling, and cheery.  They will try to sell you a $20 discount card, so think carefully before buying it.  It entitles you to a 10% storewide discount and an extra 20% off sale items.  I can't justify it (though I was suckered into buying one) since I don't buy many books.  This place makes me wish I lived in Cotswold.
4	Books-a-Million didn't get their name for having a a few books here and there. It's an overwhelming store with aisles and aisles of books, gifts, and practically millions of magazines lining the back wall. The staff seem friendly, they have a coffee bar, comfy seating on the inside, and a nice-sized patio. It seems like they have it all to make for a great bookstore! If offers convenient parking in a good neighborhood.With two other major bookstores in the area closing due to the digital book age becoming more popular, it will be interesting to see if this store will be greatly affected too.
4	Great place to kill time!  I can definitely get lost in book stores for hours.  Books-A-Million is no exception, except they do have more than just books to offer inside as well.There is a well stocked board game area, some movies, and other gift ideas from journals to reading lights.  I think my favorite thing I saw during my last visit was that the comic section had more comics as well as action figures and toys to go along with a healthy selection.There's a coffee place inside the store of course, but I did not partake.I'm still an Amazon guy myself, but something about picking up a book, the weight, the smell of the paper, and the excitement of finding a good read in a book store still has be coming back.The other strange thing about this location is the availability of the Nook... which is Barnes and Noble's e-reader.  I would think you wouldn't want to carry the competitor's e-reader, but oh well.
3	I am a major fan of bookstores and enjoy browsing for hours.  However, this store is probably my least-favorite of the "big box" bookstores.  My initial impression when I walked in the door the first time, was wow, this place is sort of disorganized and not as "user friendly" as some of the others.  I get a little overwelmed and don't easily find what I am looking for.  I also felt that the store gives off sort of a "cheap" vibe... now don't get me wrong, I love to bargin shop, but I don't like a "Walmart" experience. This store feels sort of "walmart-ish" to me.
1	While I know this applies to all stores and not just this one it's worth pointing out that the prices listed on Books-A-Million's own website are NOT the same as the prices in store and they will NOT price match their own website or other websites either. A book I recently went in to purchase was a whopping $25 more in store ($59 instead of $39). One of the empolyees bluntly informed me this was to help fund her paycheck. Sorry, I'll be helping someone at Amazon out with their paycheck instead.
3	I am a book store psychopath. I would spend every moment of my free time basking through the titles in a book store if I didn't need a job to pay my bills, and money for food. Despite the thought of ending up homeless or starving to death it's very tempting to chuck it all and live in the confines of a bookstore grid. I do like this location. It's fun to walk around and check out the selection, but I do have some complaints. I'm looking for specific types of books, and I have yet to find them. I've not asked anyone though either, so it's probably my fault about that... But I just feel like the selection is very limited. They have alot of subjects offered, but for pertenant info for a given subject there just doesn't seem to be much to choose from. Also, the prices are pretty steep if ya ask me. I'd much rather go to a used bookstore and spend half the price they are asking for some of these books. I don't mind a bent corner in a good read. I just prefer smaller places with a bigger selection. Also their discount program... $20 a year for a 10% discount off your purchases? That's next to nothing! I mean a dollar saved is great and all, but I don't see my purchases here adding up to anything significant enough to pay them that $20. I'll go here for some excercise and to browse, but I don't think I'll be spending many of my hard earned bucks here.
