3	Megabus is a service that is constantly improving. Better busses, better staff, better punctuality, more locations. It isn't glamorous, and it isn't necessarily comfortable or exciting, but it'll get you there.My usual trip on the megabus is along the Pittsburgh-State College-New York line. The trip goes as follows: Board the megabus in Pittsburgh, get to State College 3 hours later, stop for 10 minutes while people get off and others board, stop at a Pilot/Subway for 25 minutes about 2 hours later(If you're reading this from the bus and wondering how long until you can get a bottle of water, it's exit 256 on rt-80), get to NYC about 3 hours later. There are some potential congestion points: The Squirrel Hill tunnels if you're leaving at rush hour(4:40p bus), and the Lincoln tunnels entering NYC(I've been caught up here for about 40 minutes once).Lateness used to be a very common thing with the Megabus. When my girlfriend would grab a bus home from State College, we'd usually wait about 30 minutes for it to come, once it took at least 2 hours to come(Maybe longer, we left since she couldn't get a bus in Pittsburgh when she got back). Once it came and left 20 minutes early without waiting for her. Don't try calling customer service about it(This may have changed), they don't care - the phone number they give is to a call center, and you have to convince them to give you the real customer service number. I called asking for a refund for the bus that was 2 hours late and I was given the run-around. "I'll leave a note for my manager, she'll call you back", no call - Called the manager "I didn't see anything about this, let me check for your reservation number, hold on", silent hang-up. After that for some reason I could never get through to a customer service rep again, hm.Lately it hasn't been late, though, and the busses have been upgraded. They used to have 1 socket per seat and sketchy wifi. The wifi is now more stable and there are 2 sockets per seat. If you have to sit next to someone, it's a lot less comfortable, but if you get the room of two seats it isn't that bad. If you sit up front on the top level you get a little extra legroom, too. However, the maximum prices have also gone up. It used to only cost $30 to go to NY, now it's $45 if you're late to the party. You can still get tickets for $1.50, and they release them a few months at a time, so I personally just spend about $10-20 on tickets if I catch them when they're just released to have the option of going.Also the last time I went the staff in Pittsburgh was really friendly. These guys get a lot of stupid questions and complaints(On my bus home, a lady who spoke little English argued for 15 minutes that there were zero seats on the bus for the rest of her family. Sure enough, there were actually six seats and only 4 of them. Still, she argued there were zero and that they could not go home), so they really have to have a lot of patience to be in that position. Also, the one bus driver whose name is Frank, I think(He is kind of a bigger dude, wears a Steelers cap), is really funny so if you get him that's a bonus.All-in-all it's a cheap trip from point A to point B. In Pittsburgh you board under the convention center, so you don't have to wait in the rain or anything. In New York, no such luck.
4	This review is for the Pittsburgh/Columbus/Cincy route.Big fan of Megabus. I'm from Cincy, and took the bus home from Pittsburgh. I had helped a family member with a logistically challenging move, hence the one-way Megabus trip. Ticket was $32 for the Monday 6:30am bus booked about a week in advance. The bus loads under the convention center, which is nice and shaded.I arrived at 6am (be aware that parking is insane around the convention center, ie $100/day. The bus driver suggested some lots nearby to other people who had to park cars) and there were two guys in light blue MegaBus shirts sorting passengers into different lines. I was 6th in line arriving 30min early. There were apparently 4 buses to varying cities coming in the next 30min, and man they load fast. Our bus started loading at 6:23am, and the engine roared to life at exactly 6:30am, so don't be late....MegaBus doesn't wait!Seats are pretty much like economy airline seats (like the kind on a smaller jet), rather firm, and they do recline and have a regular car shoulder/lap belt. There is a two plug outlet at each pair of seats. My bus had about 12/50 seats filled, so everybody got a double seat to themselves. The armrest between seats goes up (like at fancy movie theaters).WiFi was spotty between the major cities...only worked well within about 30min of the cities. Also annoying is that you have to re-login each time it disconnects.We took a 20min stop in Zanesville, OH at a truck stop that also had an Arby's. The gal at Arby's said they get both the AM/PM Megabus on this route there every day. Columbus has two stops: Ohio State University  (we arrived at 10:10am) and Nationwide Arena District (we arrived at 10:16am) Cincinnati ends this line, and we arrived at Race/4th Street downtown at noon, so way early! I'll take that!(scheduled time was 12:45pm)My brother took the afternoon bus Pitt to Cincy the preceding Friday and pretty much had the same experience...plenty of empty seats, spotty WiFi. They were scheduled to get in at 9:45pm and got in at 9:30pm!The clientele was pretty much 20's/30's YP's/college students except one middle aged guy and one mom with kids. Of note, the mother with three small children was able to have a non-riding friend board the bus to help her get the carseats settled and then they got right off, no fuss. She had one two highbacked carseats and a low-profile booster that all fit in the seat with no problem.Also of note, you do need a reservation (and your confirmation number in hand, either on a smart phone or printout) to ride the megabus. There was a Tibetan monk (no lie) who tried to board the bus without a pre-reserved pass-denied. Another guy wanted to change his reservation at the bus stop-denied.As the five year old sitting behind me chanted as we debarked from the bus, "I chose Megabus! I chose Megabus!" And I'd definitely, definitely, choose it again.
4	Megabus: The classier GreyhoundThis is an actual convo between me and my mom whilst riding the bus:Me: I'm on the Megabus to Philly.Mom: You're on a shuttle to the airport?Me: No, I'm riding the Megabus to Philly.Mom: Who are you flying with?Me: No, I'm on a bus traveling to Philly that's like a higher class Greyhound!She finally got it.   Flights to Philly were over $200 dollars.  Plus about 2 hours to wait for the plane, about 20 min in the air and fearing I'm going to die.  Megabus was $60 round trip, about 6 hours and I could get some work done in between.  Oh, plus I'm on the ground and not dying.  So no crazy airport drama.  You just wait on on the corner (yes, kinda like a hooker) by the Convention Center and they pick you up and you leave right at your designated time.  NO DELAYS!  If you're late....too bad...you miss the bus, literally!The buses are nice enough, the seats recline, there's enough room to spread out (especially if no one is sitting by you) and there's plugs for you to charge your computer, phone, etc.  That's obviously a definite plus.  The only stops are one to a rest area for 30 minutes.  Which is nice because there's a Starbucks.  I may have also had BK on the way back, but don't tell anyone...I really wanted a whopper.  The other stop was in Harrisburg for a hot second.  The couple of drawbacks.  There's no tray to put your laptop on.  So it sat on my lap and I crouched over it in a pretty uncomfortable position for most of the trip.  Also, if there's traffic in whatever city you're traveling through, you're pretty much screwed.  The ride out arrived right on time.  The ride back was an hour and half late.  But again, the same could happen if you're flying and your plane is delayed.  I had a really funny driver on our way back to the Burgh.  He basically gave us a lecture.  No drinking, smoking or talking loudly on your cell phones or you're getting kicked off the bus.  And don't you dare take longer than 30 min at the rest stop or he's leaving your butt behind!Megabus, you are a steal and I'm totally into you!
4	This is a much better opportunity than flying or taking the Greyhound. Tickets can be snagged for $1 each trip if you plan early. So far I have been on a Megabus five times and spent a total of $23. My brother lives in Pittsburgh so I visit whenever I get the opportunity. The stop is in a pretty central location and under cover in case it is raining. This stop is better than the ones in Columbus or CIncinnati because of the covered stop. The only issue I have had, is that I have never been on a bus that actually had Wifi... They advertise the heck out of it and I have never been able to experience it. I tweeted at Megabus and they apologized (not that I was looking for a refund or anything) and I was pleased with their response. Hopefully future trips (like the one I have planned in December) will actually have wifi. Whether or not it has wifi I can't really complain. The money I save taking the Megabus is incredible and I would ride it even if I never get wifi.
3	I decided to take the Megabus to New York City b/c flights were ridiculously expensive.  I paid a total of $90 round-trip or maybe it was $91.00 with the booking fee.  You catch the bus under the bridge thing where the convention center is located.  You can't miss it b/c you'll see the crowd of people and the huge double decker Megabuses.    I was ok with the price b/c relative to airfare this was a deal.  The Pittsburgh to New York City trip goes to Penn State and then to a rest stop with a Subway in it  then goes to NYC.  The bus was packed when we left Pittsburgh, but emptied out when we got to Penn State so I had an empty seat next to me where I could stretch out and sleep till we reached NYC.  My experience was in line with my expectations.  It's not super comfortable to be on a bus for 8 hours, but it's not terrible...but what would be super comfortable for 8 hours, besides your own bed!!!  We left later than expected from Pittsburgh and there were alot more people than I expected.  It might have been b/c this was the last home football game in Penn State this past weekend.  The riders are primarily young folks (college, young professionals) but I did see an occasional family here and there.  I think this is a great alternative to flying if you want to go somewhere last minute but don't want to pay high prices to fly.  I'd consider taking the Megabus again, but it wouldn't be my first choice.  I'm impatient and I like to get where I'm going asap so I can enjoy my time there rather than traveling.
4	So, picture if you will the terrifying scene. I'm mostly drunk in bed sewing and talking with one of my best friends via twitter. She's been asking me to come to Buffalo to visit, but being one of "those people" who haven't owned a car in 6 years I always had the excuse that "Welp how the heck would I get there?" The answer dear sober and non sober readers alike is MEGABUS. The bus is actually pretty big. Nice cushy seats, outlets for my phone charger, and wifi to connect to. I have to say though the power source made my phone act a little weird as they sometimes can. I got a roundtrip ticket for... wait for it... $9.00 No joke. That was how much it cost this little carless wonder to get to and from Buffalo on a whim to visit her bff. I'm a nervous wreck about any traveling so I'm always pretty outrageously early. The showed up early as well, but luckily they're really good about waiting until it's time to leave. Check in was quick and painless. There weren't very many people on the bus at all. I fell asleep almost immediately. Which was awesome but also bad. There is one stop between Pittsburgh and Buffalo and thats Erie. The bus driver made no acknowledgement whatsoever that we were anywhere. Luckily it doesn't take a lot to wake me up and it wasn't my stop. It would have been easy to sleep through it.I got to Buffalo EXACTLY on time too. In all I'd most definitely take the Megabus again. Cheap, quick, and friendly drivers.
5	I pretty much adore the megabus as I don't mind long bus rides as much as most people.  It's the cheapest way to travel if you book early enough and most recently I got a bunch of tickets for free during their "gofree" promo where they gave away thousands of free tickets. I'm from new york and its the easiest way to get home for me from Pittsburgh, even though the bus ride is 8 hours long from Pittsburgh to New York.  I usually sleep through the ride.  It can be pretty uncomfortable and boring if you can't sleep during the ride however.  I've never had a problem with the megabus other than that the wireless does not work when the bus is moving, which is pretty much all the time.  I'm not a fan of airports and getting to and from the megabus is much easier for me.  The key is to really just book tickets as soon as they are released, as the more tickets are sold for each trip on a route, the higher the price gets.  Pittsburgh to NYC peaks at $45, but I've gotten tickets for much much less and even free.  A downfall is that they only release tickets only three months ahead, so you can't plan a trip four months away usually.  My friends who usually take the megabus for DC routes say it sucks for them, I'm guessing the Pittsburgh routes are easier to maintain on schedule and such.  I'm hoping to go to toronto on the  megabus sometime soon and have taken the bus from Pittsburgh to DC as well without any problems.
4	So far so good. The busses are always on time.  This is something that should automatically gain any trans portion place a good rating.  They also offer more direct routes to places like Toronto,  I have only taken the Mega bus to and from Toronto but I have no complaints.  When I return home from Toronto to Pittsburgh I am usually early.  I did have a conversation with one of the drivers though who stated that Megabus requires their drivers to drive 5 hours straight with no break and that they don't get paid overtime." I wish I had had some words of comfort for her.  For a passenger riding megabus is a picnic, but for a driver it may be a nightmare.
1	Zero stars--probably the worst company all around that I have ever dealt with. One bus I rode on had exposed wires hanging out of a broken panel in the ceiling.  My wife and I drove an hour to make a 6:50 AM bus, and when it pulled out five minutes early as we chased it down the street the platform attendant, instead of having sympathy for his customers, took a smart-a** attitude and laughed at us. Their website always seems to work to take your money, but then if you need to change a reservation it is mysteriously "undergoing maintenance." When you call customer service, they try to charge you extra for calling, even though it is their fault you had to call because the site doesn't work. The buses aren't properly marked, so you can't find which one you are supposed to get on, and have to ask the rude platform people. The "free WiFi" never seems to work for anyone on the bus, no matter what kind of computer or device they have. Basically they take your money, and then do everything they can to avoid actually getting you to your destination. Maybe the tickets are cheap, but when you count all the hassle and their seeming obsession with ripping customers off, it really isn't worth it at all. Hopefully a decent company will run them out of business soon!
3	The bus service is great.  Customer service, not so much.I had taken the Megabus to Toronto and Montreal in the past and had great experiences.  Roomier seats than expected and the outlets and wifi are a nice touch.  I loved that I could get to Pittsburgh in about 4 hours and 20 minutes with a brief stop in Erie.  There were a variety of times offered and many times I was able to have the seat next to me to myself.  One of the problems is that the bus was coming from Toronto.  If there were any border delays, the bus could be up to an hour late.  One trip it was almost two hours!And you would get NO information from customer service.  In fact, they were often rude and disrespectful towards you.  In today's connected world there should be no reason that customer service can't be kept up to date about the status of a bus.  The Toronto-Buffalo-Erie-Pittsburgh route no longer exists which I don't quite understand because every time I took it, it was at least 3/4 full.  The worst experience I had was when I received notificaiton my trip leaving Pittsburgh at 11:15 p.m. on a Sunday night was cancelled.  I tried calling to get additional information and was told "it must be weather related"  Except the trip was still two weeks away!  It turned out they had cancelled some of the trips between Buffalo and Pittsburgh (and eventually eliminated the route) but again, that is something that customer service should have been aware of.  Long story short, the bus trip itself is enjoyable and worth the price (especially since the cost of a round trip ticket is generally less than  it would cost to fill up your gas tank) but lots of luck if you actually have to deal with customer service.
1	I am updating this review to one star because megabus took away the Pittsburgh to Toronto trip. Grrrrrrrr
3	Total bargain!  Will take Megabus again in the future.  The drivers are very strict and will yell at you if you're talking too loudly but I guess I appreciated that.  The electricity outlets and Wifi didn't work on the trip to NYC but did on the way back.
4	I travel constantly on Megabus.  I think I'm about to break my 20th trip this year using Megabus.  Essentially, it's a love hate relationship.  People in Pittsburgh are either afraid to ride the bus, or they are to snobby to ride the bus.  I'm here to help those who are afraid because there is no reason to be.  Here is the breakdown:The Good:Megabus is the quickest bus service there is in and out of Pittsburgh because the Ghettohound busses take forever and suck.  It's also typically priced so cheaply that I cannot pass it up.  I've paid anywhere from $5- $45 for legs between Pittsburgh and New York, which is a steal.  The Toronto route was amazing, and it was $1 consistently for that route.Also, unlike the Greyhound, Megabus gives the bus driver a GPS so that they don't get lost.  The drivers are typically pretty cool, and usually you can get a double seat to yourself for at least part of the trip.Megabus makes rest stops so you will be able to use a real bathroom.  If you pace yourself, you can usually grab something to eat as well.  The key to this is MOVING.  Lots of people mosey around- don't fall into the trap.The seats are way nicer than any other bus.  There are arms rests so that you can guarantee your personal space.  There is more leg room than other bus companies as well.Megabus is mostly college students and young adults.  They don't just let the homeless people ride the bus around, and the cliental isn't as creepy as Greyhound.The Bad:I want to strangle every ad I see for the free wifi.  IT'S A LIE.  I have NEVER had wifi for more than five or so minutes on the bus.  However, if you are reading this, the number to complain about the wifi, per the Megabus welcome video, is 201-225-7565.Megabus needs to get a frequent busser program.  I want priority boarding and the ability to accumulate free trips.  I'm tired of cray cray middle aged women with fake nails and loud and obnoxious phone conversations sitting behind me.  Get on it Megabus.The quality of the busses varies.  Some only have single outlet by the window seat, and others have two centrally located outlets.  Some have a window roof, and some do not.  Some have tvs as well, but they only use them for the obnoxious videos at the beginning.You are limited to one tiny carry on and one checked bag.  When I say carry on, think airport personal item.  When I took the bus years ago, I offered to buy a second ticket to bring an extra bag, and they said no.  They JUST updated the luggage policy.  You can now check an extra bag if you pay for the most expensive seat on the bus- usually upwards of $60, and some drivers don't honor that.  However, I have a friend who tells the driver she has no cash (since it's a cash only transaction....SKETCH), and she'll pay when she gets to the destination.  She grabs her bags and says she'll be back with the money when the person that is picking her up arrives.  Then, she bolts.  Not that I'm recommending this, but it works like a charm for her.The Ugly:Some of the workers are just rude.  The customer service is atrocious, and if you have a problem no one will help you.Megabus has a bad bad habit of scheduling departures and arrivals during rush hour.  Just don't take those times.  I have sat for HOURS waiting for late busses, and the company just doesn't care.  These busses run straight through the entire day.  If the driver is late for the 6 AM route, then they will be late the rest of the day.  Shoot for an early bus.Stops in the middle of routes have no organization.  I've watched the people getting on at State College when a bus is 4 hours late.  Most of them were figuring they would just sit and wait for the next bus.  And even if you are at an official stop, the workers will sit and lie to you.  I've waited up to six hours for a bus to just show up.Since Megabus doesn't use terminals, pray for good weather.  The convention center protects you from precipitation, but this is NOT the case at all stops.  And in the winter when it's freezing out, you will be miserable.Drivers drive back to back routes frequently with no real breaks.There you have it.  Give Megabus a try.  I have had plenty of great trips and a few truly terrible ones.  If your trip sucks, just lead the entire bus into a riot screaming, "Megabus mega SUCKS*."*Drivers will threaten to call the state police if you do this.
3	I finally booked a trip on Megabus although it was a shorter one (Pittsburgh to DC), I was still able to get my round trip ticket for under 50$. Two months prior or less to my departure date, in the peak travel season. You can get the 1$ deals but you have to be really hardcore and watch the website daily, you also have to book pretty far in advance so I've heard. The bus was clean non-smelly offers free WIFI but it rarely works while the bus is moving, for that matter neither did my cell phone in parts of MD. To be expected I suppose. No complaints about my fellow passengers. The bus leaves on time be around 30-45 min early if possible. This will ensure you a spot near the front of the line and then you can get a more comfortable seat. Front seats up top, table seats on bottom or window seats offer a tad more head resting / stretching room. Seats are not reserved and are first come first serve. Soooo if anyone attempts to swipe your seat at the rest stop immediately run up the bus aisle and scream FIREEEEEEE!!!Ok maybe not that approach but a "hi I'd like to keep my seat back, I prefer not to play musical bus chairs for the rest of ride." Should suffice. I would not tolerate such juvenile behavior from adults, I mean what would happen if someone did that to you at one of your favorite sports games? You paid for your seat here too just think of it that way. Our bus was on time functional newer, with power outlets, fairly comfortable and for me it was cheaper than putting gas in my car or a flight. My friend also rode in the same day same route but later. Her bus broke down (this could happen with any mode of transportation). They were two hours delayed getting into DC. They were promised a refund, but not really given clear instructions on how to get one. So far according to her and her bank account balance the refund has not manifested, I think Megabus could fix up their website to be a little more user friend. Also refund better if they are promising that. Fix those two things and you've got yourself 4 stars Megabus.... I will ride again regardless.
2	Watch out.  The driver did not allow me to carry a small bag in the bus because it had rollers.  The bag was really small (like a kid's school bag) but had telescoping handle with rollers.  He cited some federal regulation (I tried searching for the regulation online without any success).He wanted me to buy a passenger  ticket for that  ($54 dollar was the last-minute price for Pittsburgh to DC).  Anyway, I emptied out the content into a large Macy's shopping bag and off I went.Believe me, I have taken larger (airplane cabin type) luggage with rollers /handle on Greyhound bus several times in the past and it was never an issue.
1	The most horrible bus company in the worldThe bus driver keep yelling and screaming on us to go against the wall like we are criminals and I'm talking on all the passenger I couldn't handle it so I just leftI Called  five h after to the customer service.A guy named David answer the phone told me there is no refound  he cannot do nothing when I asked to speak with a manager he just denied and hang up!!!Don't use them I know there is no other untalented but don't use them!!!!!The bus driver from Pitt  to New York is a horrible person!
3	If you're looking for inexpensive, efficient transportation from PGH to Philly, DC, or NYC, look no further--you're not going to find fares any cheaper.  The clientele, at least at the times I've traveled, has mostly been college students, with a smattering of a few families and others.  In terms of the service itself, I've ridden Megabus quite a few times, and my experience has generally been okay, and it generally gets me to Philly on time.  However, I have some caveats to offer:1.) Luggage size enforcement can be inconsistent.  Both of my bags are under their regulations, as stated on the website.  However, a couple of times around Christmas/New Year's, drivers have claimed that one of my bags is too large, but have grudgingly allowed me to take it.2.) Drivers can be majorly anal about stupid things, including--but not limited to--scented lotion (claimed allergies, even though pax was halfway back) and use of devices with illuminated screens at night (claimed reflected off of windshield--huh?). I've also experienced at least one driver threaten to throw a passenger off for no good reason (giggling during the opening spiel).3.) Wifi is extremely spotty.  About a third to half of the buses I've ridden haven't had any functional wifi at all, and on the others, it's been very slow and often fades in and out during the course of the trip.  So, be wary of the advertising about the free wifi.4.) Very little room between seats.  Since there's no overhead storage, I suggest bringing a personal item that you know will fit under the seat in front of you.  Otherwise, you'll be in for an even more cramped and uncomfortable ride. The backwards facing seats on the lower level particularly suck. I got stuck in one of these last time I rode, since I was one of the last people to board, and this is all that was left. Thankfully, I was able to switch seats when some people disembarked in Harrisburg.5.) While I can't speak for the other routes, the route to Philly isn't particularly scenic.  You're on the PA turnpike the entire time, and about the most exciting things you'll see are some wind turbines, a few cows, and the Susquehanna around Harrisburg.  Also, food options are limited, since the only stop is at the rest station in Sideling Hill (which contains a Burger King, La Famiglia Pizza, Popeye's, Auntie Anne's/Hershey's Ice Cream, Starbucks, and a convenience store), so plan accordingly.6.) Megabus has cancelled on me on short notice due to inclement weather. I booked a trip a month in advance that happened to fall during the polar vortex this past winter, and they cancelled. I then rescheduled for the next day, and they cancelled that trip, along with all trips for the next 3-4 days.  I ended up taking the train, which was a couple hours late but was the only mode of transportation running, since all flights out of PHL had been cancelled, as well. They did refund my ticket, however.If you take Megabus, I recommend arriving at the convention center at least 15 min. in advance in order to have some choice re: seats.  Also, I recommend sitting on the top deck in order to minimize driver drama (be aware that you have to use the back staircase to get to the on-board bathroom on the lower level when the bus is moving, however).  In order to obtain cheaper fares, consider traveling at off-peak times (e.g., the Mon. after New Year's) if your schedule permits, and be sure to buy your tickets for major holidays (e.g., Thanksgiving) at least a month in advance.Personally, I prefer taking Amtrak to Philly, though it has its own pitfalls (see my review for them).  If money is your biggest concern, however, Megabus is the way to go.
1	If airlines have delay, it's usually due to bad weather conditions and restriction FAA imposes on them to make the accidents to a mere zero rate in US. I have received not only refund, but a big voucher from airlines when their airplane has technical failure. On the opposite side, Megabus can (and is often) late, both loading the passengers and getting them to the destination and does not think the same way! Interestingly, Megabus  who has regular everyday service (several a day in fact), sends its bus late because of "bad traffic". I have been on late Friday bus from NYC many times and EVERY single time, bus arrives late and blames it on traffic!!!! How is it that you can't compensate for traffic while knowing it's gonna happen!And the last time, again blaming traffic bus arrived 1 hour 10 min late and the careless driver drove the bus very slow. So at the end I arrived at the destination more than two hours late (this time, being mid day and middle of the week) there was absolutely no traffic!!) I then wasted few hours of my time during 3 months trying to contact customer service and supervisor, writing multiple letters, to finally receiving a short letter saying: we investigated this matter and the bus left less than an hour later. Therefore, you are not eligible for a refund!!!Just to let you know, there is no way  you can reach anybody with information in this company.
1	Can't believe yelp doesn't have zero star. I m taking the Megabus from Pittsburgh by state college to New York today (schedule arrival 7:05pm) The driver on this bus has the worst attitude I have ever seen. I would never ever ride with this company again.
4	I have had no poor experiences while riding Megabus and have nothing but positive things to say about the company. The bus stop is located at the Convention Center and has covering in case the weather is bad, which is nice when you are waiting for your bus. When I was late for my bus, my friends and I were able to catch the next one no problem, which shows the great customer service this company has. The buses are clean, roomy and you are able to sit wherever you want! It is so fun to sit on the double decker bus on the second floor! No only do you have a clear view of the road, but there is nothing in front of you, so it is like having your own, personal bus! The stops are at random locations, one of which was my stop near Harrisburg in a mall parking lot. All of the pick up/drop off locations have felt safe and the drivers were always nice and professional. The prices are inexpensive and are worth every penny!
1	I have just had my first and LAST experience with Megabus I wish that I had checked the Facebook page first, to understand that Megabus really has nothing in the way of customer service. I made a mistake on the date for a reservation (by a day) and when I went to click and change, it was within the 24 hour window and no kind of credit whatsoever was allowed (for a future trip, not a refund). I spoke to a phone representative who was very apologetic, and very nicely told me that I was out of luck. I have heard a few of my acquaintances speak well of Megabus, but I will certainly spread the word that their business model is one that metes out the lowest level of customer service and satisfaction possible. The key to growing business is getting that first time customer to come back the SECOND time. They have lost that chance with me and the others that I know.
2	I'm sorry, but I feel I have to update my review--and not for the better.  Megabus just doesn't cut it for me anymore.  Here are the reasons why:1.) Major, unnecessary attitude from drivers, esp. during busy times (around Thanksgiving and Christmas/New Year's).  This includes reading passengers the riot act as soon as the bus gets moving with no particular reason, which includes threatening to leave passengers stranded, as well as unreasonable requests (that passengers refrain from using scented lotion, etc.)  I've never gotten such attitude from drivers on either Greyhound or Amtrak, and I'm wondering if it has to do with poor pay and working conditions (Amtrak conductors are unionized and paid better--not sure about Greyhound). 2.) Inconsistent and overly strict baggage enforcement.  My bags are under their specifications, and I've caught flak from drivers about it before.  (See other reviews for even worse complaints).  In contrast, my bags are slightly *over* Amtrak's specs, and none of the conductors have ever said anything to me about it before.3.) Cramped and uncomfortable seating, with little opportunity to get up and move around.  I almost always felt cramped when I got off the bus.  This became particularly apparent to me after I started riding Amtrak, which provides *much* more legroom.  Seat pitch is about the same as Greyhound, so if you don't mind that, then you'll be okay, I guess.4.) Poorly functioning amenities--the wifi rarely works, and when it does, it's extremely spotty.  I've also encountered power outlets that didn't work on occasion.  Don't believe their advertising campaigns about either the wifi or power outlets!  Neither Greyhound nor Amtrak make such claims, and although wifi isn't available on the whole train, if you sit in the cafe car, you can get it and it's pretty reliable, in my experience.5.) Poor customer service--this is the real dealbreaker for me with any business.  As others have mentioned, if you accidentally book the wrong date or need to change your travel plans, you're SOL with Megabus.  Even Greyhound allows passengers to change itineraries--even though you have to show up in person and there's a $20 change fee!  On Amtrak, you can change your itinerary without *any* change fee--the only time you'll encounter an upcharge is if the fares are higher on the day that you want to change to.  (Not sure about refunds/credits if the fares are lower...)About the only factor Megabus has going for it are the inexpensiveness of the fares.  Between all of the other factors listed above, I've decided that it's worth it to me to pay an extra $30 or so to ride Amtrak hassle-free to Philly.  As such, Megabus won't be seeing any more of my money again anytime soon!
