3	Time to stock up on some birthday party supplies, so I headed over to Party City.  Planning a Mickey Mouse themed party is easy as it's generic enough to get the stock supplies, and there are a fair amount of Mickey items from invites, thank yous, plates, cups, napkins and favors.  I did have to visit 2 different locations to get everything as both locations were a little low on stock.  This location has a huge open stock candy section that I either missed at other locations, or just don't exist at other locations, so that's something to keep in mind if you're looking to put candy in goody bags and want a huge selection.
4	I've been to this location twice. Once to get a Halloween costume for my oldest, two days before Halloween, and one today to pick up some party favors.The Halloween trip was....fun? It was crowded and annoying, but given the timeframe I didn't expect anything less. We looked at all the pictures on the wall just like everyone else and I've my daughter decided on a costume we asked one of the associates working the floor. They got it from the back quickly and we were able to try it on. The experience was relatively pain free and quick. They have a large selection and although sizes were limited, they had more than expected.Today I went to get some favors for my daughter birthday party. She wanted a Monster High theme, and after searching Pinterest I found that Party City had a lot to choose from. I went to the website first and sure enough, it looked like I would find a large selection. I was able to get some fun favors and party hats for just over $40. They also had some "value packs" that would have been less.The store is a little dirty, but it's very well organized and they have a lot of themes and characters to choose from. Had I not checked Pinterest, chances are I wouldn't have thought of going here...silly, I know. I have another party to plan for next month and I will be back here for sure.
3	When a fella has to head to a ragin' '80s party, there's one stop he needs to make along the way. That's right, kids, time to load up on fishnet fingerless gloves, neon sunglasses, and bright pink scrunchies. I feel so-so about their selection of stuff for grownups--if you're really going to throw a great party you might as well search the interwebs first. But when it's time for the kids to have a little party, this is your headquarters. Age-specific, licenses themes, generic themes, you name it. And lots of balloons.Also, they've got a big focus on Halloween. Costumes, decor, wigs, props--from the sleezy to the macabre, you got a good shot and finding the cheap imported version here.
