4	I get my messages here every week and I always find this the cheapest place to shop. The non food section seems to get bigger each week and so does the drink section. As soon as they cleared away Halloween, its Christmas at ASDA.
2	I came here as my sister had introduced me to some delicious Asda-own rice crackers. As she introduced me, I had to replace them as I had consumed the lot. This store also had an (equally) limited beer collection that included Innis & Gunn, one of my favourites and also not available in the supermarket closest to me. However, this Asda is a megastore which is alarmingly big. It does stock items that other stores don't have as it has the luxury of space to do so, but it also is overcrowded and hellish to move around. Note to consumers - if you want to shove your way down an aisle, logic should surely be jumping up and down in the quiet annals of your mind suggesting that if you let the folk leave the aisle first, that gives you more space to force your trolley through, without endangering fingers. No? Perhaps it is just me. I totally understand that you are much more busy than me and can't wait for my elderly parents to shuffle through, and you feel the need to push and shove instead. It also seems that the staff feel the same way, too. So perhaps going to a hypermarket on a Saturday at lunchtime wasn't my best moment. In addition, I have to say, that I have missed bread since living in the states, but when I look around the bakery section, I wonder why. Did I imagine the delicious baguettes and crusty bread? The onion bloomer I picked up was almost sticky on the surface and anemic to say the least. The freshly made cookies may have been freshly made, but they barely touched the inside of an oven, collapsing and pale, soggy to the taste. Highly disappointing, when in my mind I had believed even supermarket bakeries were a cut above the processed breads that were the majority in the US. Shame on my rose tinted mind. Not to mention the section where I used to find rye bread seems to have vanished. So yeah, it will be good when I run out of items that I can't pick up elsewhere, like own-brand rice crackers, but lets face it, I'm pretty sure I will seal the deal with another supermarket in the area for my shopping of choice.
1	Bagels stale less than 24hrs from purchase. Lovely. At least the birds appreciated them, me, not so much.
2	Not quite as pure evil as its parent company Walmart, Asda has still never been a favourite with me. I found this branch to not be much better.There's nothing terrible about this Asda, but it has enough faults to make you want to shop elsewhere. Why Asda and not elsewhere? Like its other chains, Asda is a bit more expensive, and the quality isn't as good for most of its fresh produce. If I really must shop at a supermarket, I might as well justify it by its super cheapness or utter convenience. The better part of my soul might  resent my local Tesco, but at least I have a good economic reason for going there.They might not oppose unions like Walmart, but I would still rather shop elsewhere.
4	Always clean, staff friendly and helpful if you can't find what you are looking for, and usually very easy to find someone to approach to ask! One of the largest supermarkets in the wider area, so a good place to go for a big shop, or if you can't find something elsewhere.
