1	The girl did a completely horrible job on my eyebrows!She made them extremely thin, which is the exact opposite of what I asked her to do. I look like a walking fool now with the terrible job that she did.When I noticed that she made a mistake and didn't make my eyebrow the equal size and shape, she profusely denied it and tried to fill in the eyebrow with an eyebrow pencil on the one she made a mistake on. I consulted my friend who had come with me, and from far my friend could tell that there was a clear difference between my two  eyebrows. When I insisted on the girl's fixing this mistake, she insisted that the job was done perfectly and that she never makes mistakes. I pushed her to fix my eyebrows, and she reluctantly obliged.When she "fixed" my eyebrows, it was still the same thing. One eyebrow was still larger than the other and they were still both differently shaped. Honestly I just paid and left. I might as well fill in my eyebrow at home, I didn't want to listen to her babble on about how there was absolutely no mistake when there clearly was.Honestly, all they care about is finishing one person's eyebrows within the 5 minute period that has also been advertised than actually just doing a good job.I DO NOT recommend this place to anyone! The employee was extremely unprofessional and was unwilling to better her skills and take any criticism. I was very polite with her but her rudeness just did not appeal to me at all. I wonder if any of them (the employees) are still students and still learning how to do eyebrows, instead of actual "professionals" like they advertise.I would not be surprised if this place closed down. In fact, I would rejoice when that day comes.
1	RUDE. The girl who did my eyebrows (big curly hair) gave me a LOT of attitude when I explained her how I wanted them. "okay, OKAY! Natural! Okay!" She stormed in upset from her break and  Clearly took her frustrations from her lunch break out on my eyebrows because I have deep cuts and they are much shorter. Unprofessional, rude, and bad work.I hope she reads this review- there is a reason why I did not tip you.
1	The woman who threaded my brows was very rude. I told her I just wanted them shaped, and to keep the natural thickness. She didn't say "ok" or anything, she just kind of nodded her head and grunted. She made them much thinner than I like. She also made my brows to entirely different shapes! She chopped off half my brow on the left side, and gave me a very dramatic arch on the right side. It also hurt a lot more than threading normally does. I was a lot redder than usual, and even bleeding a tiny bit. I can't believe I actually paid for it, I should have refused. On the bright side, it was only 10 dollars.
1	Oh my I wish I read the reviews before going.  Majority of them are spot on.  I specifically told her I wanted natural thick eyebrows and not to make them shorter.  She made them too thin and did not understand a word of English.  Each eyebrow looked totally different,  I literally started crying after I left. They need to hire a new person,  because the curly haired lady has no idea what she is doing.  Never again!
1	DO NOT GO!!! The only reason I ever went there was because the location is so convenient but now even if it was for free I would NEVER go back.I clearly explained to that curly hair lady TWICE that I want to keep them THICK as it is. This lady is freaking deaf she made them THIN!! Plus as I was sitting waiting for my turn she used the tweezer on the other lady and does not even disinfect it with the bottle of antibacterial they have sitting on the table!!! Is it for decor??? And now I am so frustrated, I got two small pimples on my lower eye brow!! Thats how dirty this place is!! NEVER AGAIN
