5	I love Claim Jumper's restaurants and this location is no exception.  Frankly it is the best location I have ever been to and this one recently opened inside the Golden Nugget.  They have all the usual fair including the full racks of baby back ribs which are my favorite.  John S was my server the day I came in.  I placed my food order as soon as I walked in and spent some time browsing the drink menu which is probably the opposite of what the staff is used to.  However, I was starving and saw no point in drinking on an empty stomach.  John was more than happy to comply.  I ended up ordering the full rack of baby back ribs with mashed potatoes and roasted vegetables.  I also ordered a small caesar salad and a belini which tasted quite good.Their service is awesome.  I walked in at dinner time and was seated right away.  A food runner brought out my caesar salad within 5 minutes of ordering.  Another food server also brought some bread but I asked them to give it away because I wanted to lay off the carbs.  The drink came 5 minutes after that.  And then after probably another 5 minutes, the ribs came.  These guys really brought their A Game because I am used to waiting almost an hour for my food at the locations in California.  As soon as I finished up a plate, someone walking by would offer to clear it for me.The food is of course tasty and filling.  The drink was scrumptious.  John rang up my order in no time at all.  Honestly, I was probably in and out in 30 minutes - which was totally fine by me because I had 10 hours of Electric Daisy Carnival to head to.Did I mention that they are in the Golden Nugget?  Of course I did!  But you know what is really awesome?  You can get anything on their menu sent to your room for room service for like $5 more!  I know, crazy right?  Why settle for boring hotel fare when you can eat Mongolian beef and brocoli!  Needless to say, I highly recommend this location!  :-)
5	This location is exceptional, great service right when you walk in. Everyone was consistent. Food came fast, taste was great.. There is a kids menu.. Only thing is that the spaghetti lacked sauce so they gave us an extra small bowl to fill it up. Nice place, clean & most of all- great service!
4	There food is delish!!! We got the Blackend Chickwn pasta with Alfredo Sauce, Tri Tip Combo, Ceasar Salad & Calamari. It was soo good. Calamari came with a salad. That salad was off the hook. The pasta was amazing. Tri tip was perfectly cooked Medium well. Definetly will come back here when in Vegas. There staff was so super nice. The girl waitress that helped was so amazingly super nice. Would give them 5 but then lost that 1star because there tables was so small. But still would go back here just because there food is good and the staff was awsome!!!!
5	We stopped in here after looking around old Las Vegas. The place was clean and it had the atmosphere of a pricey restaurant. After we sat down to order we noticed that the prices were about average. WE ordered a club sandwich and a cheese burger. The club sandwich was very big and came with a side, the cheeseburger was very large also with a side of fries. both meals were well worth the cost. The place was quite and the staff was very attendtive.
4	So I decided on claim jumper for thanksgiving dinner. I had no idea the golden nugget had a claim jumper in it, and it's 24 hrs!!!Same claim jumper menu that I've seen in california. I had the turkey dinner special and as anticipated, it was delicious.Tender, sliced, juicy turkey breast on top of flavorful stuffing and creamy, buttery mashed potatoes topped with pan gravy. The dish was served with roasted vegetables. Service was on point. Staff was helpful and in good spirits. I left with a piece of lemon cake to go. Excited to try it. :-) The only thing I want a fan of was the decor. It wasn't like you're typical claim jumper log cabin theme. I feel as if i pay for atmosphere when I am going to spend around $40'on myself to have food and a drink. Atmosphere was dark, keno everywhere, felt like it should be the hotels cafe.Everything else A+ I will be back.
5	Well, my faith in Claim Jumpers has restored! We had a group function today, serving our local support team. Our appetizers came out before our meal and we were given adequate time to eat then before the arrival of our entrees. We were served fresh baked bread along with our entrees, which as a very pleasant surprise!We pretty all ordered the chicken pot pie which came very recommended by colleagues...and it was well deserved. It was very large and extremely delicious!
