4	I recently moved here. SO I'm going to write a tentative "first impressions" review, and update it as time goes on.The good:-It has really nice amenities... an awesome pool/hot tub/fire pit/outdoor lounge area, 'greatroom' that's open until 11pm where you can play Wii, make espresso or play pool, a movie theater, a gym, and an on-call esthetician. A staff member is always at the greatroom.-They organize a lot of community events (some free, some for a fee) and will shuttle you to any that are off the apartment grounds. Every so often they make breakfast for everyone in the greatroom and there's a weekly movie showing.-The apartments are expensive, but nice with high ceilings, dual-pane windows, in-unit washer & dryer, nice appliances (not tooooo nice...) and little patios/balconies. Construction seems good. The bad:-Like other luxury apartments, they charge a "prime view fee." If you're psychotic enough to want (or unlucky enough to be stuck with) an apartment that faces the pool or the volleyball courts, you get to pay more. Because... you should pay to listen to other people make noise?  I don't get it, but I guess that appeals to some people.-They play music at the greatroom/pool all day long. It's loud enough to hear from your apartment if you are facing into the cluster of buildings where it's located. That's kind of annoying if you like to leave your windows open.-It's located right across from a huge post office, so if your apartment faces Van Buren expect a lot of traffic noise. Our front door opens to that direction, and we get some traffic noise, but the door is heavy enough to block out an impressive amount.-It has a pretty serious 'Bro' infestation, which is understandable, as it is a luxury apartment complex. The Bros like to have loud volleyball parties where they will wrestle drunkenly without their shirts on, and they also apparently like to stand around and watch eachother work out in the gym. It's all very subtly homoerotic and annoying.Generally I've found all the employees here to be helpful and friendly. We don't have any really noisy neighbors, but we live on the third floor, so I'm sure that helps. There are some obnoxious people here that let their parties spill outside, or let their dogs run around and bark incessantly, but it's an apartment complex so you have to expect that kind of stuff.
3	Been living here for almost a year now, the apartments are great, the office manager and the rest of the staff are wonderful. Yes the rent is on the higher side, but with all the amenities the apartment offers, it's def. worth it. The only bad side is, if you need to break your lease for whatever reason, you have to pay a lot of $$. Another thing is those ppl that have dogs don't clean up after them, making the grounds keepers having to do extra work. Mind you, the apt has doggie poop bags and trash cans specifically for that. Other than that, can't complain, I've loved every minute living here. Close to Tempe, Scottsdale, Phx, basically it's in a great location. my actual rating is 3.5 stars
2	I have an update, because as my lease is ending, I really need to say some things about this place.I've officially been living her for a year. The grounds keepers/maintenance crew are the best, most humble people you will ever know. Regarding the office staff, seems like they want to turn a blind eye towards all the problems the good residents are complaining about, in order to keep the rioting college kids, who bring their friends every weekend. Besides the fact that there is construction going on in a warehouse behind the apt., they work 24/7, noises all the time...I'll list the problems, that not only I've had, but that others have too.1- We're trying to buy a house, instead of just letting us know that 'hey, your lease is almost up, you haven't been a problem resident, you don't have to pay extra to break your lease'; We were told that if we break our lease, we have to pay the months rent that we are living here, $1660.00 to break the lease, PLUS pay back the incentive we received when we moved here. What kind of B.S is that!? Needless to say, we're buying, moving and still paying rent here...and I will CONTINUE to use all their amenities (pool, movie theater, etc until my lease is up).2- My hubby and I rent a garage, monthly, because there aren't enough parking spots for all the residents, because there are so many freakin' college kids/friends over, that residents have to look/scrounge for spots. Anyway, we rent a garage, expensive I might add, my husband likes working on cars, is knowledgeable, blah, blah.  I had the courtesy to ask the office, if he could work on my car, as it needed a new clutch, among other things. We were told NO. Ok, so I went ahead and paid almost $3000 to get my car worked on. Lately I've been seen residents change their oil, work on their cars and motorcycles (both in the garages AND in carports). So again I complained and I wrote the manager a LONG email about why its unfair, that they ignore these residents, but yet don't take into consideration that I asked, etc. They response was that they haven't seen anyone, so they cant say anything. B.S! I've even given them the license plates of the people working on their cars, no EXCUSES! Grrrrr!3- Dog poop: this has been on going and on going. People here pay extra to have their dogs. Fine, I'm a dog person, love dogs, cant wait to get one. But if I did have one here, whenever my dog went out for a poop, I'd clean it up (the apt even provides the baggies). No, there's dog poop EVERYWHERE! Be careful if you are drunk, cant see well at night, etc because you will step on dog poop. You know who cleans it up, maintenance/grounds keepers, they aren't even the owners of the dogs!!! They keep a tally on who the owners are, the office has pics of the dogs that live in the complex, etc. and NOTHING is being done. These sick a$$ owners want a dog, but don't clean up after them... I can only imagine how disgusting their apts must be!4- (And I swear this will be my last rant)- Drunken people: If you're going to live here, please be aware that you will feel like you're living in a dorm. I'm no longer at the point of my life where I want to be woken up by some drunk girl, crying because her boyfriend looked at another girl at the club, SHUT UP! The pool has hours from 7a-12a, people bring their friends over, drunk off their a$$es and those that live around the pool area, have to listen to all this, they complain to management and NOTHING is done about it. We even have a security guard, where is he? Sleeping in the office or his car? Management knows EXACTLY who these people are, because its always the SAME people!!!!!!! and do nothing about it. Ok, like I said last rant, I'm so over this place, too expensive, there are no more community events, as the budget was cut, now they want residents to pay for some guy to come and cook, it's like living in a dorm, and for every ignorant resident they have, they'll be loosing 3. Can't wait to leave!(Sorry it was so long and the actual rating I want to give is 2.5 stars)
3	The people that work here (well, most of them) are still awesome. Unfortunately, they don't have as many cool events anymore because the budget is gone. The biggest problem here are the college students (I hope they're college students, otherwise they're pretty miserable excuses for adults) that blast their music, scream constantly on the volleyball court, let their dogs bark for hours on end or have loud, drunken conversations in the swimming pool in the middle of the weeknight. Complaints to the office are generally taken seriously, but there's not really any improvement in the problematic tenants' behavior. I understand being hesitant to kick people out if they're having trouble filling apartments, but that just means the quiet people will move out and the place will be overrun by douchebags.
2	All I can say is, thank goodness we are moving out when our lease is up.I give 4 stars to the management/staff. The maintenance people are amazing..so so nice! The managers dealt with our complaints and problems efficiently and promptly.The 2 stars are for the people who live there. They are the main source of most of the problem.Do you like to get drunk and obnoxious, and walk around in the wee hours of the night letting everyone know what a party animal you are?  -- This place is for you.Do you like to play your music from your apartment loud enough that you can hear it from the pool or while you play volleyball? -- Then sign that lease!Do you like seeing your neighbors fight like they're on Jerry Springer? With the cops there too? -- Then come on over and make Trillium your home!! You don't mind having upstairs neighbors that play catch with their dogs inside? -- You'll fit right it here!Seriously, though, I've lived at Trillium since it opened! I was the first tenant in my apartment and I love love loved it. Then it went downhill from there. But I guess I have Trillium to thank because they made us HATE apartment living and prompted us to BUY A HOUSE...and we are now proud homeowners!!!  Thanks Triliium!
4	I lived here for a year when i first moved to Phoenix... Most of what you read in these reviews is pretty accurate... I moved here as a single, young professional, knowing no one. But being an extremely social person, I would head down to the pool by myself on Sundays and I quickly made friends with alot of my neighbors!Yes this community is full of young people that love to party... however it's mostly just friday night through sunday afternoon... not 24/7 like some people claim. If you're trying to avoid these people, don't move into a badass apartment complex thats 2 miles from ASU!! This place has it all! Awesome pool, multiple grilling areas, VERY impressive gym, movie theater complete with traditional popcorn machine, and a great room boasting several flat screens, a pool table, and an espresso bar!All of the employees that worked there when I lived there were a lot of fun, and very accomodating (and very patient). However it has kinda gone downhill lately. The leasing agents used to hang out in the great room, now they are confined to the leasing office. The great room hours have been shortened so it's not so much of an evening hangout like it was back in the day when we would all gather to watch a tv show or sports there. The movie theater is always locked now and has to be rented out, which can only mean that some residents abused the privelege.All in all a cool place to live! Basically similar to living in a resort, I'd say!
1	By far the worst place to live in all of Phoenix/Arizona. I would NEVER recommend anyone to live at this apartment complex. The parking is ATROCIOUS as they NEVER have parking spots available past 8pm. There is no street parking, so if you cannot find a spot you are SOL. The managament is the WORST that I have ever dealt with, as they take FOREVER in assessing any fees or fines. I moved out in 2010 and received a fee in 2012 for a "cleaning" that they needed to do, even though they signed us out of the apartment and have other tennets living in the apartment that I occupied. The management, especially Lisa Nolle, are EXTREMELY unprofessional and are as rude as can be. They are never clear on what they are charging you for and they could care less about any problem that you are having. All they are interested in is your money, not your well being. If they cared about me half as much as they care about my money, I'd never move out. Let me just say, not living at this apartment anymore is the BEST thing that's ever happened to me.I would not recommend anyone to live here. It's a waste of money and is a terrible apartment complex. There are 50 other places that I would recommend to live. There is NOTHING around this apartment complex (food, entertainment, etc.), so living here is like living in an annex. Do yourself a favor and DO NOT live here.
1	We lived here for a year and couldn't wait for our lease to be up. At first it was ok....The actual apartment is nice & the interior is great. But we failed to do our research and soon realized the crime rate was ridiculous.  We luckily lived on the top floor but our two neighbors below us got broken in to within the same month.....the complex behind Trillium is government housing I believe? And it was always worrisome out walking at night (even with a dog)....sketchy looking people would always walking around and it just didn't feel safe at all. On numerous occasions we could see people scoping out cars to break in to....and as soon as they'd see you they would run. Not cool. Also, not sure what happened but when we first moved in the pool scene was great; young professionals and families....Towards the end it felt like little Mexico with people throwing beer cans in the pool and throwing obnoxious parties. Just not very nice. As well as drunks walking around all hours of the night screaming at each other. (even on weekdays)And...the back gate was ALWAYS open. Doesn't seem to hard for it to be fixed...it was literally broken for weeks. Not so great. The plus side is.... they offer an airport shuttle which is nice and convenient.
1	STAY AWAY. Stay far away! Unless you want to overpay, have your things stolen, deal with an inept staff and be constantly uncomfortable of the area/neighbors, do not think about renting here!We wanted to make this 3 bedroom apt our home. No, really. We went in with extremely hopeful ideas about what this place would offer us. We even thought the leasing people were cool. Boy, were we wrong. The property management was completely inconsiderate of ALL residents. Who sends the maintenance crew to blow leaves DIRECTLY under bedroom windows at 7am the day after a holiday?? And the maintenance crew? None of them spoke proper English so it was extremely difficult trying to communicate if you had an issue. With us, every single time we had a maintenance issue, they did not fix it properly. It got to the point where we just stopped bothering to call because we knew they wouldn't fix it and what a waste of time that would be. Big mistake on our part, because once we moved out, their final inspection hit us for over $500! It included outrageous extra fees and of course, the few maintenance issues we didn't bother calling them for. To make matters worse, when I attempted to set up a payment plan for the balance, they first lost my credit card information and then "forgot" to take payments out for almost 3 months! The whole time I thought I was paying, the money was not being taken out and I only realized it when I got a notice from Trillium that they would report my credit if I didn't begin paying! You told me I was! How incapable can one company and it's employees be?!?On top of that, I had a package delivered to the office of a single product worth $200....They didn't hold it. Or one of the leasing agents TOOK IT. When I went to retrieve it, they had nothing for me and "couldn't" give me any information after that. Really? Nobody saw it? You can't even ask someone that had been working if they knew anything? Nope. I was basically told I was out of luck.Also, I was NOT given proper notification to renew or cancel my lease. So I was forced to pay a prorated rate to stay longer than my lease. SEVERE disorganization and ineptitude from this company. Do not rent with ANY Trillium property. I regret the whole experience. I would give them 0 stars if I could!
1	DO NOT LIVE HERE!!  My daughter has been continually harassed by a neighbor.  She does not feel safe in her own apartment.  When management was notified, they basically called my daughter a liar.  We are now involving the police.Side note:  Said neighbor was arrested for ASSULT in 2012.  NOT A SAFE PLACE TO LIVE.
1	Worst place ever. Homeless live behind the dumpsters. I had an ant problem and several leaks; one case my whole apartment flooded when I was washing my clothes and I woke up to the washer overflowing. I was kicked out of my apartment for 4 days, it was that bad.  Cheap inside and out. Look elsewhere. Only good thing about this place is they give away free rattler tickets. I feel sorry for the next person who moves Into my old apartment, nothing but trouble. KEEP LOOKING.
1	If you're looking for an apartment complex where you can feel safe, are treated fairly, and get your money's worth, don't live here. The actual apartment wasn't that bad. My boyfriend, roommate, and I started a year lease in August. I later found out that my rent was about 200 dollars higher then a friend of mine who moved in in September. I get that it's right before school starts, but they are not close enough to ASU to be making price changes like that. The price in general was insane. We were told 999$ a month. I asked ahead of time what fees were going to be applied and we were assured it would just be the cost of our water and sewage added on. After our water, sewage, and about 150 dollars worth of other fees our bill came out to around 1250$ a month. I once brought a paper copy to the leasing office and asked them to explain all the fees. No one in the office could. A few months into our lease we had a disagreement with our roommate. She decided to move out leaving us to split a 1250$ rent between the two of us. We explained the situation to the office people, and asked if we could possibly move to a one bedroom. They told us we had to wait until we were there for six months and then pay another security deposit. So we asked was it would cost to break our lease. 1400$ dollars to break a lease. I've lived in a few apartments and none of the fees were that outrageous. So we decided to tough it out. If I was paying over 500 dollars to live here I was going to take full advantage of the amenities. The pool isn't huge, but it is well maintained. The hot tub was only out of order once, but was fixed in a timely manner. However, if you tried to use either of these things on a Friday, Saturday, or even Sunday you were out of luck. The whole Arizona Rattlers team and their groupies fill the pool area. They use both of the huge grills, and bring an extra one of their own. If you complain about their excessive amount of people to the office they will wave you away not even pretending to care about you. As long as they have their precious football team they're happy.The gym is small and on the second story of the common area. It's always full of Rattlers. They blast their music so loud that you can't hear your own even with headphones. I started going late at night so that I could avoid them. The theatre is cool, but the quality of the projector makes it not worth going through the effort to reserve it. If you're in to stale coffee they always have some ready. The actual apartment was not that bad. It was all a neutral beige color, wood cabinets, and tile in the bathrooms and kitchens. Our carpet started fraying on the part where the tile and carpet met, which we were charged for upon moving out. Even though we brought the fraying to their attention when it started. The rooms aren't very big, not even the master.  Not worth what they were charging.The office staff was not friendly or welcoming. I always felt like I was being scolded when I was there. Even when it was something  they did wrong. Their pet policy is ridiculous. I understand that they have breed restrictions, a lot of apartments do, but they wouldn't let us have our 40 pound husky mix because he was part husky. The only thing that makes him a husky was his coloring. He has an obvious mask, but that's about it. He even has his AKC canine good citizen certificate. They didn't care, we weren't allowed to have him. Which turned out to be a good thing sense they don't actually have a fenced in pet area. They call the grass patch on the perimeter of the volleyball court a pet area. With a few scattered trash cans for the poop. I wouldn't want my dog having to call that playtime anyways. He had a much better time living with grandma. Parking. Oh. My. God. If you get home after 6 PM good luck. Literally zero spots to park in. Everyone is assigned one spot, even if you have a two or three bedroom apartment. "Guest" parking is any uncovered spot. However guests can never park there because all the residents have to. Unless its a weekend. Then the spots are full of guests. So full that the residents have no place to park. I once drove around for 20 minutes waiting for a spot to open up. They added 19 new spots, but 19 spots isn't enough. Don't feel safe just because it's "gated". I saw homeless people walking through the parking lot all the time. I even saw a guy scoping out cars from my balcony once. This place isn't worth what they charge. You don't get what you pay for, and they don't seem to care.
1	Don't even know where to start with this place. The interiors are cheap, the blinds, fixtures, carpet and cabinets are garbage for the price you pay. The walls are extremely thin and the zombies that roam the parking lot are frightening to say the least. I don't know if it's because of the bar next door or the projects behind the complex. Nonetheless, they will nickel and dime you upon moving out, they charge exorbitant and outrageous fees. Just an overall god-damned rip-off!
