5	I love Kelly Chiropractic. Not only do you feel very comfortable as soon as you walk in the door, I have never been to a chiropractor who is more thorough then him. He is an amazing Dr. An I recommend him to everyone. He has helped me tremendously with so many issues. I will never trust anyone else to work on me but him. Dr. Kelly an his wife Jane are amazing people. I know I am in good hands. So if you want the best chiropractor I suggest you see him...
5	Let me start by saying I have a HUGE fear of Chiropractors, and think they're going to break my neck. When I got in a car accident last year, I realized I had to somehow get over my fear and see someone. So a friend recommended Dr. Kelly and I went in to just talk to him, see if it was something I could move forward with and do. When I went in, Dr. Kelly did a wonderful job walking me through the process and first taking X-rays to make sure he could see the actual problem. Even though I was still scared to death, I was comfortable enough to take a baby step on my next visit with him using a clicky pen (like a pen) on my neck since I was not ok with being actually cracked. Slowly visit by visit, with Dr Kelly always explaining everything he was doing and asking me if I was ok with it, worked into little cracks and moved away from the clicky pen and actually being cracked. I can't say enough about Dr Kelly and him being respectful of my fear, making sure I was always comfortable with what he was doing. Have questions? He'll answer them all day, staying patient and understanding. Accepts Cigna and other insurances.
5	Great doctor with TONS of experience. Was able to diagnose the ligament issues with my shoulder in about 5 minutes after the Navy docs sent me to physical therapy and told me I was just "getting old". (I was 24 at the time. That's an unacceptable answer.)Dr. Kelly is absolutely worth a visit.Just as an FYI, this doctor doesn't accept Tricare insurance. Not because they haven't tried to get on it, but because Tricare are jerks about chiropractors.
5	I have been going to Dr. Kelly for about 13 years. He and his wife Jane feel like family to me. I can't imagine going to anyone else for chiropractic. I have scoliosis, so before finding Dr. Kelly, I had been to many other chiropractors since I was in my 20's, so roughly 30 years....(cough, sigh). They are not just an office, they truly care about the well being of their patients and they are a family business. I Highly recommend them and would give them 10 stars if I could.
