4	feeling the need to eat really poorly, I opted for a gyros sandwich instead of a crap Wendy's or Burger King - I wasn't disappointed.$ 6.95 for gyros and choice of french fries or greek salad. Naturally, I was going disgusting.Gyros was bulging huge, tummy very, very full, life is very good.by the way, I think the owner is from Iraq, not that it matters. Also they just moved next door into the corner slot which gives them a lot more seating space (I hope that this matters) and it also gives them much better visibility (probably does matter).oh - just realized that no Greek high caloric pig out would be complete without baklava...I would bet this baklava would have been great 2 days ago.
3	As you may have noticed if you have read my reviews, I love me some gyro. The meat, sauce, and bread are just usually a great combo, and it's even better with some feta on top (I was going to go with a "betta with feta" joke there, but it felt too forced). I think about half of my reviews are based on Greek restaurants, so I certainly had to check out this joint that was within a few miles of my place. I picked a good time to show up; walking in at 3pm, it was completely empty. That's usually not a great sign, but it made it easy for me to order the gyro special (gryo, fries, soda for $7.30). The wait was short, so I was out the doorI have to say the food itself was just ok. Unrolling the gyro, it really is huge. The bread seems pretty big, but the gryo meat still was overflowing. I don't know how they add onions and tomatoes to this, but good for those people who like them. I dug in, and it was pretty solid. The meat was cooked a little more than I usually like (I'm a "run it through a warm room" guy for most meats), but the flavor was still good. The sauce was a little light, and probably could have used another scoop to add to the sandwich. The fries were good; I am not sure what they were cooked in, but they seemed to have a thicker skin, which was good.Overall, it was a solid meal. I wouldn't say it was my favorite gyro, but for the price, it is worth what you get. If you are around Gyro's House and don't feel like driving north to Chicago Gyro's on Union Hills (definitely a better gyro), I would suggest checking it out.
4	Stopped by for a late lunch and had just the gyro sandwich.  Really good...the pita was stuffed with flavorful meat, nice and moist.I'll be by again, have to try some other items on the menu.
3	Mobile Yelp app, how I love thee.On a super busy Wednesday I had about 20 minutes to scarf something down before a meeting.  Using Mobile Yelp I perused the local flavor.  Thinking Greek I chose Gyro's.Chicken gyro and a large drink:  $7.50.  Not a bad price.The sandwich was well made and tasty.  The pita was perfectly toasty and light and there was just enough tzatziki sauce.  The chicken was well seasoned and cooked well.I  will definitely return to Gyro's when I need a quick lunch.
5	I love this place!  I have worked in the area for 5 years,and these folks are probably the best quality lunch you can find around here.  Fresh ingredients, friendly staff, rather quick service.  The Greek salad with gyro meat (#41) is so delicious, I haven't swayed from it in three years.  The dining room is always clean.  I highly suggest lunch here!
4	It used to be my favorite teenie, tiny little falafel place... now they've moved down a couple of doors and turned themselves into the substantially larger, but still really good falafel place.  The veggies are always crisp and the onions are sharp. Wrapped in a soft pita and smothered in sauce you can't go wrong with lunch at this (not so little) place.
3	Cool spot.They tell me the following is vegan:Rice (it's made with oil, not butter nor chicken stock like many other places)HummusPitasFattoush saladFalafelDolmasTheir spaghetti noodlesWe'll be visiting periodically when we're looking for a Mediterranean/Arabic food kick.
1	My suggestion: spend 3 or 4 quiet minutes looking around before you order. You can stand in one place. Notice the floor, the decorations, the fake plants, the ceiling. Take it all in. THEN decide if this is a place you want to eat food from. I should have taken the hint when I walked in and there were no other customers there on a Saturday during the noon hour. Unfortunately I was dead set on supporting a local rather than chain establishment that day. And with no one to slow me down, I ordered right away. Only after ordering did I take in the grimy scene. The place is disturbingly unclean looking.The gyro was large but plain and average in flavor - a bit too greasy. Fries were overcooked, hardly any salt, and old tasting. The service was uninspired and actually slow despite no other customers being there. It seemed like we were a bother.My two boys were okay later, but I had some intestinal distress during the window of time that would point to this meal.I won't be back.
1	My suggestion: spend 3 or 4 quiet minutes looking around before you order. You can stand in one place. Notice the floor, the decorations, the fake plants, the ceiling. Take it all in. THEN decide if this is a place you want to eat food from. I should have taken the hint when I walked in and there were no other customers there on a Saturday during the noon hour. Unfortunately I was dead set on supporting a local rather than chain establishment that day. And with no one to slow me down, I ordered right away. Only after ordering did I take in the grimy scene. The place is disturbingly unclean looking.The gyro was large but plain and average in flavor - a bit too greasy. Fries were overcooked, hardly any salt, and old tasting. The service was uninspired and actually slow despite no other customers being there. It seemed like we were a bother.My two boys were okay later, but I had some intestinal distress during the window of time that would point to this meal.I won't be back.
2	Went in here yesterday to check it out because of the "People Love Us On Yelp" sticker in the window. That sticker has never led me astray before this experience! Yes, the menu was extensive, the staff was friendly, and the place was clean, but I was completely underwhelmed. I had a gyro and it was decent, but could have used more veggies on it! Although the restaurant was clean, it was not very inviting, maybe it was the lighting or 90s decor? Not sure, but it was odd to be eating in a place that was completely empty. Overall it just could have been a better experience.Also- humorous sighting of the day- "fish and chips" is listed under the vegetarian part of the menu :)
3	Solid gyro for the money. Haven't had anything else on the menu. Place is always empty so I'd expect things to move a little quicker and the fries to be not over done. This is the best gyro place in the area however so I'll keep coming back
1	To be fair, we didn't eat there. We went in and the place reeked of that orange spray. We still tried to man through it and preceded through the cracked walls, dirty floor, and blinding flourescent lights. When we got up to the counter, the worker said, "Everything is to go." it was 30 minutes til close. More concerning... the counter smelled like sewage. so we turned around and got out of there.
5	This is my favorite gyro place of all time!  I've been going here for about 4 years now whenever I need my gyro fix.  I usually get the #12 - gyro dinner.  It comes with a small greek salad (with bell pepper, red onion, greek olives, cucumber, and feta cheese with lettuce), strips of gyro meat (and plenty of it), and rice (plenty of that too).  Seriously two people could probably eat this meal together if you purchased an appetizer as well.
5	Not much to look at, poorly decorated and the place is usually empty. However, if you are looking for a fantastic gyro, this is the place -  my favorite gyro place.(five star is for gyro only, nothing else)
5	Delicious and great value! I get the gyro combo with the salad every time and you should too!
1	All of the food seemed out of a bag from the grocery store. The fries were unseasoned and crinkle-cut, the meat was very dry, and the pita bread seemed very generic and also a bit stale. The customer service was pretty bad - she had her kid playing on the counter and then started talking on the phone when she handed me her food so it was rude of ME to ask for extra tzatziki sauce for my fries (which was chunky and odd anyway). Not sure how they're staying in business though there was one other customer in there - it seems they might have wifi for paying customers or he was just killing time on his laptop. Overall, would not recommend - there are better places just down northern if you're craving Greek.
3	First thing is the actual name is "GYROS HOUSE" (no apostrophe). It does not belong to some guy named "Gyro".   Gyro stuffed to overflowing and happy to not be overwhelmed with an overabundance of onions.  Generous portion of salad too: $6.99 with soft drink.  Decent, filling; Won't leave here hungry or broke. Clean, if rather dated, bland interior, probably left over from multiple prior food establishments at that location.   Decent first experience, a filling meal at bargain price.  Extensive Greek-Med menu, low prices will bring me back to try more, but not feeling the fanboy/missionary zeal I'd like to for this family-run establishment located   in the shopping center at NE corner of 19th Ave & Northern, which along with other shops, is suffering greatly already at the onset of a predicted THREE YEARS of light rail construction.  So go support your locally owned, family run restaurant. You may not be overwhelmed with its greatness but you'll get good, filling meal at great price - if you can just get in there.   Probably easiest to enter from west-bound Northern Ave or north-bound 19th Ave.
5	came out from San Diego and looking for a real good medetranian place out here to start going to. When we drove by Gyro's House, we wanted to try it out. The food was AMAZING and the service was soo good, that it reminded me of a place back in california. I really like this spot and am going to keep coming back here very often. The people working here were so nice and funny. You can tell its a family business and not just another chain. The portions were really good and fulling. Great place!
5	4.99 Gyro deal with fries and drink. Yum!I am all over this place like nobody's business.I love me a great gyro.  But to get it at a great price with a clean restaurant and REALLY nice people behind the counter.  I'm all for it. : )Great job Gyro's House!
5	I love this place! Tucked back away for the street in the Albertsons shopping center, you'll find one of the fattest Gyro sandwiches you've ever had! And the customer service is superior! Last time is was in, my side of tzatziki sauce was left out! Bummer! I called and they said that I can come back or next time they would make sure it was replaced at no charge! Sweet! I went in today, two weeks or more later and my tzatziki was there AND a piece of yummy baklava on the house for my trouble! So unexpected but will ensure that I keep on going back for the great food and the great service! So next time you ha e a taste for a gyro or any other Mediterranean food, and quick, try this place!!
2	Good portion of food for the price.  However, their salad lacks substance and dressing blend.  Their meat is cooked well (a bit dry) but lack any kind of flavor.  It doesn't seem like they marinate their meat.  Even rice lack flavor.  I have had better...much better Greek food for that price.  Not going back.
5	The service and food here is amazing!!!! Falafel is on point!!!!!! I think I found my new lunch spot
5	Best Gyro's in town! Awesome customer service! The Gyros are huge and so filling. We'll be back!
4	Place is delicious. Meat is flavorful and moist. Sauce is very fresh and tasty. Had the lunch special offers great deal, gyro fries and a drink for 5.99! Great place! The hot guys in the back can definitely cook! Lol good job. Very friendly service!
3	I'm a sucker of a good lunch deal.  They have signs all around the plaza for $5.99 gyro combo (gyro+drink+fries or Greek Salad). The gyro was decent but nothing special.  I actually enjoyed the Greek salad more.  It was fresh with the basic cucumbers, tomatoes, olives, and feta cheese.  The dressing was drench yummy goodness. They have TV's mounted on a few walls. There are plenty of tables for large groups.  Just a note, at times the service can be slow since they have one person entering the order, cashier, and serving.  The light rail project on 19th Ave is really hurting many small businesses.  I like to support neighborhood business. I will definitely return to try the other menu items.
5	Everything about this place is pretty dam good. I haven't one thing that didn't impress me. Also you can't beat $5.99 for a Gyros, frys, and a drink. Also had their hummus is really really good, Highly recommend this place.
5	I'm from San Diego, and it's so hard to find a great middle eastern restaurant around here! I was driving around and found this place, and man finalllly something that taste like my moms cooking! Everyone that has had middle eastern food need to check this place out! Great staff, clean, and service was pretty quick! Prices are amazing by the way!
5	Ordered the 5.99 gyros plate with feta cheese fries. Yummy & inexpensive. I will absolutely go again.
5	Delicious & inexpensive. Gyro meal 5.99 right now. I've never had to wait long for my food. Seems to be very clean. The dessert they had on the counter...I forget the name, however very good & sweet. I've been there 3 times in the past 2 weeks They are open till 8.
5	As a first timer looking for a local "something different" the meat wast very tasty, no problem from the staff getting it as a special order, I ordered a traditional gyro plate, it came with a simple, fresh, awesome simple Greek salad, just greens, olives and feta with the cucumbers for this guy. Fresh pita, and great texture to the rice! New favorite spot, close to home and cost effective! I recommend giving it a try. I don't post often, but when I do, it's with enthusiasm and well worth it!
5	I was on my way to a different joint but I've been curios about this place for a while.I won't lie, what made me walk in was the beautiful girl who was behind the counter who is super nice and efficient (the phone was ringing constantly and she was taking orders on site and over the phone).That being said, I wasn't sure what to order but the guy in front of me ordered the gyro salad and since that sounded kind of healthy I ordered the same.I was really pleased with the flavor, the presentation, the quality and the price.I'll go back for sure!Cheers
4	I keep trying this restaurant hoping they will get it right soon...I always go at lunch time, they have a great $5 gyro lunch special....gyros are yummy...I keep attempting to get pita and hummus and a Greek salad for the side...but everytime I get the salad they make it different...one point they stopped putting feta on it, then no red onions, now it's white onions, feta, big half cuts of red tomato, a couple olives and lettuce....for a small salad it's pretty pricey considering its not the traditional Greek salad...just an American version...hummus only comes with one pita as well....great atmosphere, friendly Greek staff....just fix the Greek salad!
5	I work close by and decided I give this place a try, I was very happy with my decision. It's clean it's friendly and the food is phenomenal. You get what you pay for here and it's well worth it. Affordable and such a friendly staff.
5	Absolutely love this place. Service is amazing, food is fantastic! Pita bread is so soft and tasty! Well worth the traffic hassle to get some yummy food!
5	$5.99 gyro meal is amazing. The gyros are stuffed with delicious meat. I would prefer a little more tzatziki sauce, but thats just personal preference.
3	I'm a sucker for a good Gyro so I decided to stop in and give this place a try. I skipped the lunch special and went right for the #1 with salad. The pita bread was light and fluffy with a bit of a toasted snap to it, the gyro meat was tender and cut into good sized chunks.Service was fast and staff was friendly, all-in-all a good experience.
5	Fast service, great food for reasonable price. I visit this place often. I definitely recommend this place.
1	Ok.... I'm always looking for great Greek food, I was in the area thought I'd give this place a try. Figured a simple gyro was like trying the chips & salsa at a Mexican restaurant. The meat was flavorless and really dry, the sauce just ok.  Since that is the majority of a gyro it was really disappointing. The price is not worth me trying this place again. :(
3	The Gyro house was a back-up plan after Wahsun Chinese was closed AGAIN on a random night.  The place is tiny but the prices and quality of food made up for the sub-par interior. I got the Gyro plate and my man went with the Souvlaki, both came with rice, a pita and a small salad for under $10 bucks. The tzatziki sauce was delicious. I don't think I would ever dine in, but this is a great spot to pick up Greek when you are too lazy to cook.
1	Tried the plate. The rice is bland and oily, the Greek salad was ok, gyro meet was dry and beef meat was chewy, and calamari comes from a frozen package and was chewy and awful. Much better Greek places out there.
4	I recently started at this place. Regularly pick chicken shawrma wraps. Its just jucy n delicious. Regret having not checked out this place earlier being so close to my place :)
