1	This is a cattle call. This is a surgery center for several eye docs in the west valley. There are 3 OR's. My father in law was told to arrive at 1 PM, and his procedure would be at 2:30. We arrive slightly early, and sign in. We wait. and continue to wait. Finally, at 3:30 they begin his paperwork- and then he waits some more. Finally, they take him back... and we wait. At 4:45 the tech comes out to tell us (we assume he is finally done) that he is NEXT. She states the doc is finishing up the procedure and he would be in next. FInally at 5:00 PM another tech comes and tells us that he just went in.  We have been there for 4 hrs and this is the only updates that we have received from them. And when we dare to ask why, the attitude starts as if we should just sit and be quiet.  Now... there are others in the waiting room, and they are waiting for a patient by a different doc, but we ask, how long have you been here? Same story.  Another man, also waiting, same story.  This place heards the patients in, and just let them wait. They are preying on the elderly, knowing that they will just sit and wait. Simply outragous and if I am ever asked to refer anyone to this facility, I certainly would not.   As a side note, the reason I am so upset is that I have worked in opthalmolgy before, and know that this IS standard practice to run late because of overbooking, HOWEVER, we also called patients and told them to come in later rather than having them sit in the lobby for hours. Let the patient make an informed decision. Not to mention the family members that take time off of work,to take them, and they too are left waiting for hours on end.
5	Excellent service at Spectra Eye Institute! Hubby was there for cataract surgery  by his opthamologist. And I was there as his driver... He was asked to be there one hour ahead of the appointment.. Not long after arriving he was called to the desk to begin the process. In all, we were there only two hours.Every person we had contact with at Spectra was efficient, courteous and caring. This included all the nurses and clerical personnel. Nurses spent time explaining the surgery and the aftercare.  The waiting area was spacious.A good experience - Hubby was very pleased!
1	Wife has been waiting 2 months for this appt. and now the laser is broken.  She has been fasting for 24 hours!  They are now saying they aren't sure when the machine will be fix or if it will be fixed today.  Lots of pissed of people in the waiting room.  The snippy little receptionist is telling people to continue to not eat any food.  Wife is feed up with this place - cancelled her appointment and is demanding her $3000 up front money back!
2	This is my husband's second trip in for cataract surgery. Both eyes are now done. The scheduling here is a nightmare. First time, we were rescheduled because the laser needed cleaning. The procedure involved 4 hours waiting in the reception area and finally surgery. Second trip in, 4 hours waiting again! It's difficult to wait in a reception area with a roomful of angry people. All I can say is that I am glad he only has 2 eyes. There has to be a more civilized way to do business.
