5	Chikis is just THE BEST no one else touch my hair. A ti quien te peina?
5	Great gals who not only help you getting ready for a special occasion, but give you helpful tips of how to look your best!
4	Esther was amazing. She was caring and really made sure I loved my hair for my sister's wedding.
5	What an amazing experience. It was a wedding party event. The ladies we're just amazing.  we all look so beautiful. They honestly made me look 10 years younger.
4	We found this awesome crew through The Knot. They came to our hotel and helped all of us ladies look wonderful for my best friend's wedding. The bride looks stunning with the most gorgeous makeup and hair. The stylists are professional and very skilled. The prices are great too! I definitely recommend. Love it!
5	I couldn't be happier with my sister's choice in two amazing artists! Being from out of town it's so difficult to find people you can trust with your appearance - I now have been transformed into a 20s starlet! Thank you ladies for taking so much time, for being so engaging and for all the suggestions that we never would have thought of!!!
5	Let me just start by saying Esther and Celeste are amazing! I got married just this last weekend in Vegas and still wanted to keep things traditional and had a full wedding party. I found pink hare through their great reviews ok the knot and boy did they exceed my expectations! Esther and Celeste showed up on time never rushed and pumped out 6 women in just under 6 hours with enough time to put the finishing touches on! They were amazing, like girlfriends. Come on ladies this is your big day, the last things you need to awkwardness in your room! At the end you almost want to ask them to be on of your bridesmaids!!! I felt like the most beautiful bride that night. My hair and makeup looking amazing and came out awesome in pictures! Exactly what I dreamed! Oh and it stayed! Never smudged or melted! They have many incentives and felt it was extremely reasonable for the services included! A serious recommend to all your beauty needs in Vegas! Thanks again Esther and Celeste! I felt like a million bucks!
5	My Pink Hare did a fantastic job for my friend's destination wedding in Vegas!  All of us girls were so pleased with the results.  The hair and makeup was perfect for all of us, service was excellent, and the prices were very reasonable.  I would recommend to anyone needing hair/makeup for any special occasion.
4	Esther, Celeste and Eva you girls transformed us all. We all looked amazing. Make up and hair was exactly what I wanted. The bride wow, she looked radiant! Thanks ladies.
5	These fantastic girls came to do my best friends wedding and did an amazing job! They are very talented and a great group to have with us on this special day! I definitely recommend them for any services!
5	5 stars!!!! I am so amazed at Esther's talent. I made the best decision in having her do my A-line hair cut. She's so knowledgeable, passionate and sweet! Awesome customer service & out of this world skills!!!!I then made the crazy choice to get 20" extensions! I still can't believe the amazing job Esther did in blending my super short "Bob" cut into these long luscious extensions! It was unbelievable! Best quality hair EVER!!!I had my extensions  in for 12 months! That's right- 1 YEAR and that hair was natural, silky  and healthy looking every day. Esther is the best!!!!!!
