4	This is the 2nd year that my daughters are enrolled at Bunker Dance Center. Last year I had one in Ballet and one in a ballet/tap combo class. The teachers are all very approachable and friendly to the kids. Some of the teachers were students at the school when they were younger. What I love about Bunker is that every June they have an amazing totally professional dance concert featuring the school's dancers. It is also a family ran business. What I don't particularly care for is that fact that they accept new students up until March of the same year that the concerts are held. My youngest was in a class last year that started out with 9 kids. They each practiced very hard each week to master the routines they were being taught. Then comes March and 10 more kids joined the class. Most of the 10 kids that joined late could have really used extra practice because they weren't familiar with the routines at all. It was annoying to see the teachers have to spend extra time with the new kids struggling to figure out the movements. One of the parents told me she joins late every year to save money from having to pay when the classes start in August. :( Overall I think the class prices ($45 a month for a weekly class) are very reasonable and my kids have fun here while getting a great workout.
2	Canceled my daughter's class and rescheduled twice, then, giving me less than 24 hr notice, tried to reschedule me again but it wasn't enough notice.  Now, I have to try and get my registration money back from the class since it's not refundable yet had I known that they were going to keep moving classes around (which I know sometimes happens) I wouldn't have signed up with them.  I just hate being called at 4 pm and asked if I can start class for my daughter at 9:30 the next day.  Definately will not be going back.
5	What a great Dance Studio!  My children started to dance with Bunker Dance Studio in 1996 when Bunker was a tiny studio on Jones St.  I have watched my son grow into an amazing dancer and a charming and personable young man.  He started dance at 8 years of age and at 24 he was one of the top 30 dancers on So You Think You Can Dance.  He is now a teacher at Bunker and his love of dance is a testimony to the work and drive of Kathy Bunker and the professional staff.I highly recommend Bunker Dance Studio for your daughter OR son.  If they just want to have fun or they truly have a passion for dance...Bunker is the place for them!
