4	I am always on the look out for reasonable $$ spa pedicures that still keep the quality fairly high. I found Rose Nails when I had to mail something at the Post Office next store and I was happy that I did. I was running late to my go-to place and therefore got bumped. My fault, not theirs:) I didn't leave work on time. :( I remembered that I saw Rose Nails on Dobson and Guadalupe and decided to give it a try. It was much bigger on the inside than it looks on the outside. They had an opening so I quickly grab a polish (didn't like the color once it was on.... but oh well) and sat my booty into the spa chair. They have a range of pedicures on the "menu" from basic ($18) to deluxe ($60). The basic is what I usually get since I go about once a week. I am very hard on the "peds". The technician was one of the owners and he was pleasant and just let me read my gossip magazine without needless chit-chat. The "basic" includes a foot soak, polish removal, file, cuticle work, light callous work, foot and lower leg massage and application of polish. The pedicure is supposed to last about a half an hour, but he really took his time and my pedicure was about 45 min. Nice! Thanks!!! I think he gave me a little extra in the massage department. It was much needed. Over all it was a great experience. The reasons I didn't give it 5 stars were as follows: 1-the place could have been a bit cleaner (the shop seemed cluttered and unorganized), 2-a basketball game was playing on both TV's and didn't really give the "spa" atmosphere, and 3-my callouses are still pretty rough. I still really like my go-to place but this one comes in at a close second.
1	I'd have to say that I'm pretty disappointed in this one. After reading the great reviews I thought this would be a great place to drop by this afternoon after school. I called and found that the price for a gel manicure was very cheap and with that and the great reviews, I was in! The technician was very nice, but that's probably the only other good thing that I will say about this place. First off it was dirty, not the station where my nails were done but around it. The molding on the walls and dry wall had holes in it. It looked very run down. Also, the selection of gel polish colors was dismal. Very dismal. They did not have the color that I was looking for (which, I understand is a standard OPI color carried everywhere) so I opted for clear. She cleaned up my cuticles alright, but left quite a little bit to be clipped off. But here comes my REAL issue. Filing. The filing job on my nails was so incredibly sloppy. It left them jagged, uneven, rough, and dirty. I did not notice this at first because I was just relaxing and the place itself was very dark. She applied the polish and I left. Looking at my nails after, the polish was also uneven and painted off of my nail and onto my finger. I actually had to stop by Walgreens and get a nail file and FIX my freshly done nails. I guess you really get what you pay for, which is a real shame. Next time I will stick with my usual place and pay a little more so that I know it will be done right the first time!
2	Before I comment on why I'm only giving two stars, I'd like to say that pedicures here are more like 3.5 stars. They can make some fun and crazy designs!However, I got a set of gel nails here and I will likely never make that mistake again.They left fuzzies from the cotton balls on my nails and just painted over it, leaving the nails lumpy. They didn't really smooth anything out, so there were little bubbles and bumps in almost every nail. (This completely irritated me the entire time I had the nails on!) One nail came completely off in less than a week!Needless to say, I would have given them one star for the nails alone, but they did do a pretty good job on my pedicure. Time to find a new nail place for me!
5	I've gone here quite a bit and they are always awesome. They do some crazy designs and it always looks great. Mimi is so cute  Will be back soon!
4	First time here, they did exactly what I asked for... which has NEVER happened before and I have asked several salons over the years with no one understanding so I gave up.  I had a job interview scheduled and needed to fix my peeling cracked nails but have them look professional and not noticeable.  I asked for clear tips with all pink product and short squared off nails.  They came out PERFECT and were a complimentary tone to my skin.  Needless to say, I was able to be expressive in my job interview without worrying that my nails would be the center of attention...HOWEVER, a woman who left the salon was just getting her 4th of July holiday nails done and they looked KILLER; little flags on each finger and for the thumbs and big stones, flags with rhinestones.  So cute!  I can't wait to go back when I can get something fancy!I later painted an OPI holo top coat over this pink and it's so subdued and pretty.  I will  definitely go back and they gave me a rate so reasonable I'm ecstatic!PS: The photo included is the old photo, the salon has been redone and looks fine.
4	They do a wonderful job and once you get past the language barrier, mine, not theirs, I get exactly what I want.  We always use cash so never have had a problem with the service charge added onto the credit card.  It is clearly noted on the cashier's stand, but I am sure some people miss it.  Just got my latest pedi, Rose has retired, now this is owned by Kevin, No more language barrier.  He changed the name to 4 Seasons Nails & Spa.
1	So I heard from women at work, that live close to this place, how awesome it was. They said the name changed but the service was still excellent. They told me you can get there at 630pm and they would still take you.  So I really needed a fill and color today.  I got there around 620pm and walk in the door. The lady says all cheery " Hi welcome to the salon, what can we do for you?" So I tell her I'd like a fill and color she looks at me and says "no time no time".......Really, why are you going to ask what you can do for me if you arent going to do anything.......I will never go back here and I am telling the women at work how wrong they were about this place. Funny thing is when I got there there was hardly anyone there. So my bf and I went to eat dinner at the pizza place next door and we walked by the salon, still open and there were other women in there that were not there when I came in.  Needless to say......awesome--NO.....excellent service--NO. Chances of me going back--NONE....chances of me referring anyone there--HELL NO!  If I could give NO STAR I would, but this will not let me.
