5	I purchased a vacuum from this store and I am soooo happy with my purchase.  I got a great price and excellent service!  These guys are very knowledgable and when I called with a question, they were very helpful and courteous........... unlike some establishments, that forget about you after you "pay the money"!  Thank you Paul and Garren...........I probably won't need to see you for a while but you will get my business, when the need arises!
5	I can't say enough nice things about the professionals at AZ Vacuums.  I took my Riccar vacuum in for servicing because it was making a high-pitched squealing sound.  I've had it repaired in the past at a different Riccar dealer, but AZ Vacuums is closer to my home, so I thought I'd give them a try.  I left my machine for the gentleman to diagnose the problem and I had a phone call telling me what the issue was before I'd even made it home. It turned out that a part that enables to brushes to turn had broken, causing the whir. Naturally, the didn't have the part, but assured me they could find it.  After waiting only 30 minutes, I received another phone call and they had the part in hand.  I was told they'd purchased the part from one of their competitors for $39.95 and that would be the sum of my bill; no pick-up charge, no labor, etc.  My vacuum was rebuilt with the fresh part and running like new the very same day and I couldn't be happier with the service I received from AZ Vacuums.  I highly recommend them for any vacuum repairs or new vacuum sales.
5	I have done business with this store over the years after they were recommended to me by a friend and they have always been extremely helpful! They have repaired my previous vacuums at a reasonable price and timely manner. Also, when I was in the market to purchase a new vacuum, they were very thorough in helping me find a vacuum that fit my use best. They had me test out a few vacuums in their showroom and I ended up choosing a Miele. It is by far the BEST vacuum I have ever owned! I would highly recommend their services to anyone! Very knowledgeable and affordable!
5	Very helpful and patient. Nothing like taking a hose into the shop when you sucked up your underwear. :/Very knowledgeable and helpful. Found the place to buy and service my next vacuum.
5	Excellent experience. Took my twenty year old Kirby vacumn and they did a great job restoring it to like new performance at a very economical cost.
5	Very helpful staff here, came in to get a new bag on an older vacuum and they were very helpful. They don't have a huge selection but they have what you need.
