5	Convenient location on East blvd!  Do not miss the wings, chips and pizza rolls!  The rolls are a must try!  Also must try the pimento cheese fries.  The beer selection is awesome!  As a wine drinker they have recently update their wine selection.  Great prices, lots of TVs, and good company!
1	Got the veggie burger, which was probably 98% salt. Not. Good.The boyfriend liked the wings, though, and there were lots of TVs. If I go back, it will be for a beer, not for the food.
5	Great local bar!  Plenty of beers, an insane amount of tvs for games and most importantly to me, good chicken wings. I had the hot garlic. Delicious. And they have the option of getting all wings or all drumsticks, which is cool. Im a big fan of this place.  I can't vouch for the other food and probably never will because I'm stickin with chicken.  As far as a cool comfortable sports bar with good food, this place is as good as it gets.  I can see my self spending a few fall saturday and Sunday's here.
1	Worst Experience Ever!!! The waitress was very rude and obnixious. I had to literally get out of my seat to find the waitress to get a refill on my drink that had been sitting there for at least 20-25 minutes. We were the only customers seated at tables so question is why did we have to wait for a refill. Food is ok not the best, nice TV's Customer service STINKS!!! WILL NOT BE RETURNING
3	They get three stars for participating in the Brewers Ball (benefitting the Cystic Fibrosis foundation) and for actually bringing something that did NOT contain pork or beef products.
1	Oh man. Went back here for "Wing Night" with my boyfriend and two roommates. They each got 18 wings, 12 of one flavor, 6 of another. It took 45 minutes for the food to come out which, at 9 pm on Wing Night, is pretty absurd. When the food finally did come out, the wings were cold and the orders were wrong. The waitress had no idea what was going on. The manager wasn't much help. They brought out new wings (15 minutes later), but there was no refund or anything. Definitely not ever going back.
4	I just moved to Charlotte about 2 months ago from Montana and live uptown. Im already tired of the same stuffy bars in uptown! So I stumbled on this place on east blvd. My girlfriend and I were checking this area out, looking at shops and saw a huge blue building and decided to grab a bite. We took a seat at the bar and ordered a pizza roll and it was awesome!! It was good enough to order the buffalo roll as well. My girlfriend had a salad, I dont know how it was but it looked great. I was busy stuffing my face. They had some drafts on special so I got a Two Hearted Ale. My favorite beer!! The bartender was very nice and knew what she was talking about when it came to beer. Its a sports bar with good food and alot of good beer!! The one thing that I did have a issue with was parking but the bartender said "we are working on it". I will be back!
1	Went there over the weekend for the Southern Tier Tap Takeover... wow, what a disappointment. This place is soulless! Sports! Big Screen TVs! Little TVs on your table! Jocks! Douches! Meatheads! All the things we've all come to love about sports bars... every cliche, every character, every stereotype, you will certainly find it here!The tap take over was a total bust. Nobody from the craft beer world was there. The place was fairly empty for a Friday evening. We went in and stood around, puzzled,  for a bit before we were told we could sit wherever we wanted.Again, pet peeve, our waitress didn't know anything about beer outside of the permanently on special Big 3 beers.We ordered the Lucifer's Own wings and they were REALLY hot! But just about the most bland pieces of crap I'd ever tasted in my life. Even soaked in covered in what they pass for Bleu Cheese, they didn't have any flavor whatsoever. We noticed that any additional sides you want for your wings (dipping sauce, celery, etc) cost extra, no biggie, a lot of places do that. But it does suck when your order of 12 wings comes with THREE FREAKIN' CELERY pieces! That's just lame.We had a couple of beers, finished dour wings and left. Never to return.Also, parking is a nightmare here! This is an area of town I rarely, if ever go to, so maybe the natives will feel differently. But the sign on THE FRONT DOOR stating that the parking is in Berrybrook doesn't exactly help the person driving around in circles wondering which one of the Tow Away Signs surrounding the buildings sound like the least threatening to park for a couple of hours.
4	If you are looking for a wall of good beer, a  lengthy list of tasty wing flavors and bartenders who actually seem like they give a hoot I suggest you head down to Sutton House.Parking may seem a bit rough, but be informed, you can park in the Berrybrook Farms lot after hours. They have roughly infinity TVs including in each booth, so as they claim on their FB page, your game is always on. The wings are nice a meaty and they have upwards of two dozen sauces, all that I've tried were tasty though be warned their hottest is a touch chunky. If you are a fan of the craft beer you won't be disappointed. They rock the likes of Southern Tier, Founders &  Great Lakes, but if you need big 3 beer they have it too.I have never gotten anything but chummy service. The kind that makes you want to pull up a stool and spend a football evening. Sutton House rapidly climbed my game day list and I suggest you add it to yours too.
2	Got a groupon deal and decided to try out a new place in Charlotte.  We don't visit the Dilworth area often - maybe 5 or 6 times a year - but had never been in here.  I'm a fan of wing places, and sometimes little hole in the wall places are perfect.  Not a snob by any means.  The place impressed at first, with the array of TVs - a huge projector on the far wall, basketball games aplenty, and even one monitor displaying wine specials and some trivia.  Having a TV in our booth was nice.  The place was certainly not crowded - somewhere under 10 tables were occupied - so I figured we were in for a good time.However, things started looking down fast - there is a massive, gaping hole in the ceiling right over our booths, and a constant rush of cool air coming in right over us.  Service was slow in coming around - with the relatively quiet Friday night, I would've thought they'd have an over abundance of staff, if anything.  The appetizer was first - buffalo chicken rolls, in this fluffy calzone breading.  Very good time here.  Fully recommended - fed us both well and was a throwback to those college calzone places.  Took a while to come out, but we were both happy.  Then we placed our meal order - each trying a general entree.  The wait for the entrees was unbelievable - 30 minutes easily.  Got to watch some serious basketball - fine for a night with the guys, not so great with the wife.  When her burger and my club arrived, they could best be described as dismal.   Not many places can mess up fries, but these fries had nothing going on.  I fought some small bugs away from my club, which was small to medium for $9 and not impressive.  When I stopped eating it wasn't so much that I was full, but more disappointed.  We waited a while for the waitress to come by again, and then got the check.Maybe their wings are award winning, I don't know.  I could potentially give it another try, with the great appetizer and the wing buzz they promoted - but it seems like the place is in need of some TLC, someone to fix the roof and ensure good/fast service, maybe improve the menu or drop the prices a few dollars to reflect the reality of the food.  I like supporting the smaller places instead of a mega-chain, but this visit took the wind out of my sails.
2	My visit included a trio of not-so-awesomes.First, the parking can cause a little heartburn. I was told the Berrybrook Farms lot across the street is fair game after hours, but be prepared to compete for that handful of spaces if you're visiting to catch the big game or it's an otherwise busy night on the block. (We parked at the Teeter and hoofed it.)Speaking of heartburn, I was surprised my black bean burger wasn't a root cause. It was like eating a patty made entirely of black pepper rather than bean. Cue the tears and runny nose for me and another person at my table who ordered it. My sweet potato fries were pretty good, though, and provided some neutralization. Another dining companion ordered the jalapeno burger and found it to be OK. We all agreed the Wednesday special of half-off draft beers was a welcome complement to the meal.Lastly, both bathrooms were out of commission during our visit. One of my group discovered this via a virtual punch to the olfactory nerve upon attempting to enter the men's. We had to slink into a neighboring establishment to take care of matters. I can't be stoked about a place that can't keep the lavs in check.Sutton House has the potential to be a good neighborhood destination for sports fans, with its abundance of TVs (including smaller screens inside some booths) and (in our case) very friendly service. With parking an external factor this still leaves a couple workable hurdles.
1	The owner of this place should do everyone in Dilworth a favor and sell it to someone who actually knows how to run a sports bar.
1	Can it get any worse. 5 tables on a Sunday. Wait time over 2 hours. Place is dirty, service is beyond bad and the food well I can't even remember. BEWARE
3	Not really sure why this place has a bad Yelp rep.  The wings are not all that bad and are certainly a step up from the usual 'bar food' wings that Charlotte seems to be notorious for.  I will say, if you are craving wings though, you might as well walk an extra 150 yards down the street to Lebowskis Grill because their wings are by far the best in Charlotte.  When we went here, we had wings, pizza, and beer.  Originally a Picasso's Sports Cafe, Sutton House hasn't changed all that much and appears to have assumed the menu.  It's a plus that they got all the Washington Redskins crap out of the back room!  (Go Bears).  :)If you are wanting Pizza & Wing combo, I don't know of a better place in the Dilworth area.  Not the best Pizza in Charlotte, or the best Wings in Charlotte, but rarely does one place do both well enough to credit.
3	Went to Sutton House this week. Used to go to Picassos all the time, so first visit since changed names. Service was great, but the place just really looks run down, paint peeling, and dirty. The table even looked dirty and was sticky.Ordered a pizza and it was OK, nothing like the pizza I remembered from Picassos days. It looked great when brought to table, was very thick, but unfortunately the crust was bland and the pizza wasnt very tasty.  Maybe just an off night...
