5	Wow, why hasn't anyone yelped Martin Lawrence? This is a BEAUTIFUL art gallery. Clean, spacious and extremely pro-art with an IMPRESSIVE collection worth billions of dollars. Private viewing rooms with full screen TVs & guaranteed art handlers that insure your art will be in mint condition when you receive them. This is extremely important if you plan on collecting these art pieces and eventually sell them for double what you purchased for =)BUt what was the definitive moment that forced me to give this gallery a 5 stars? it all had to do with the knowledge, enthusiasm and passion of Micah Wright, a fine art consultant. She knew and loved Takashi Murakami & his work, just like me. She gave us a mini lecture / meaning behind many of his work. Which i might add, was a HUGE collection of his work at this location. (Between 20-30 pieces!) Micah reawakened my passion and appreciation for art. She made me want to buy a $5000 piece of art!! now that's pretty darn cool.She was amazing & this gallery is amazing. The prices are slightly higher than many of the other galleries but they handle everything super professional with a 100% guarantee behind every piece you buy here.MUST VISIT!!!!
5	Yelp 100 Challenge * 54/100Let me give you one reason to come here. Robert Deyber's acrylic on canvas work. We all know that the English language is filled with different forms of colloquial expressions, cliches and idioms. When pigs fly, bad hair day, fowl play, you name it. Have you ever thought about what a literal interpretation of these expressions might look like? Deyber's paintings are eye-catching if not almost minimalist-ic, taking your focus away from the plain background and directing your attention to interesting objects located at the center of each piece. For example, the painting entitled 'Chick Magnet' would first get you thinking of a good looking lad. Then you switch your view to the actual painting and you see a hen holding its baby chick. Towering over them is this large magnet. Another piece had nothing but a big fork with a tag that said 'u'. Title? Fork you. Picasso sketches and Salvador Dali paintings share the gallery's walls as well. All of them can be viewed for free!
5	No, not the actor. From the outside I didn't think it was such a large gallery, but it goes all the way back into this great open space full of divine art. My brother came to admire a Murakami he saw as we walked by and found that this gallery was quite a fan and had many pieces. He's contemplated many times, to jump the gun and collect a piece. I think they're nice, but not what I would spend thousands on. That's the thing about art is it's subjective. What's nothing to me, might be moving someone else and vice versa. What's nice is there is a variety of art styles and mediums here. It's well curated of a collection, with something for each kind of collector I think. I found this Basquiat and Philippe Bertho that spoke to me. Customer service I think is great. The guy was super friendly, engaging about the artwork and most definitely passionate. He told us about various pieces, talked about the space, the collection and then let us off to appreciate. I like his style - definitely here for a sale, but not pushy, let people have time on their own and more importantly, not judging at all.  I get it a lot. I'm just a kid and rather ordinary looking and not looking monied, but I love art. Almost everyone in my family has some form of artwork they collect.  Apparently they do a annual art auction, you just have to be on their mailing list so we took his card as that may be the way to get deals.  I look at every art boutique I come across, but haven't really written many reviews because I merely ran through or didn't talk to anyone to warrant a review. This space was highly enjoyable. If you're looking for fine art, I don't think there will be any place lovelier than the people here nor as well rounded selection.
5	I discovered Takashi Murakami in 2008 when he had a spectacular show at MOCA in Los Angeles. I'm not sure what drew me to his work, but something resonated and I've followed him ever since.My husband and I were thrilled to find the MLG had a collection of Murakami pieces when we were in Vegas a couple of years ago. We spent quite a bit of time admiring the work and daydreaming about owning a piece "one day". The sales people were informative without being pushy and we felt comfortable lingering and admiring the art.Well, that "one day" came in May of 2014! We were in town celebrating 32 years together (and 2 days of being officially, legally married) and decided to splurge on something to commemorate our new legal status.We purchased a signed and numbered offset lithograph of Murakami's "As the interdimensional waves run through ..." and we couldn't be happier! Susan Van Cleave helped us with the purchase. She had an assistant take the piece into a viewing room for us to examine. She answered all our questions and arranged shipping, etc ... She offered us wine, beer, champagne, etc, but we were too freaked out to ask for anything. We walked out with goosebumps running all up and down our arms and the back of our necks. We just bought a MURAKAMI!A couple of weeks later we got our artwork delivered and it is gorgeous. It was packaged in an enormous plywood crate with more bubble-wrap than you could ever want to pop, so the artwork made it here safe and sound. It came with all the appropriate paperwork, the certificate of authenticity, etc ...We are very happy with the Martin Lawrence Gallery and look forward to purchasing another piece there next time we are in Vegas!
4	I am not the biggest fan of this type of art but this was a nice little detour. Check our the Robert Deyber artwork. It was pretty entertaining.
5	On my way to Fat Tuesday hoping to get my buzz on, Peter asked if we could go the art gallery first. Sure. I GUESS.As we marveled at several pieces, an older gentleman came and started telling us the story of the artists. He knows all of them personally. Intrigue!! Peter & I were really surprised by the size of this gallery. Tons of Warhols (same ol'), Murakamis (hate), & our new personal fave Deyber. There was another artist whose name escapes me...but he/she? did pieces of Versace runway clothes ^_^The 5 star review goes really goes to Peter (not my husband), the older gentleman who talked to us about his thoughts and his vision of art. It really changed our perspective on the art collecting business :)
3	What a beautiful gallery. It's huge and full of great art! The three stars are because one of the handlers were really rude to my party.
