5	Sick of standing in line for an hour to check your bag and get your ticket?  Tired of the super long lines at security, or having to park 3 miles away and take a shuttle to the terminal?  The old Williamsfield Airport might be for you.  Although they don't fly *everywhere* they do have a pretty solid lineup of destinations, many to smaller airports that require connecting flights from most other airports (like sky harbor!)Check them out, if you are going to rent a car anyway, if they fly within an hour drive time of your destination you will be time (and probably money) ahead to fly with them.  Don't plan on free... well anything... from this airline.  They are based out of Vegas, so that should give you some idea--they'll make a buck anywhere they can.  Try to carry on, and bring snacks with you!
5	This is a quaint little airport which is very convenient if you are travelling to the Tempe/Mesa area, or already know people who live there.  I say it's convenient-- if you are flying in from Grand Island or Grand Forks or Rapid City or East Bugtussel, since the only commercial tenant at this decomissioned air force base is Allegiant Airlines, which specializes in flying you from nowhere to somewhere (Phoenix, Las Vegas, Orlando that sort of thing).  But from landing to sitting in my rental car it was maybe 20 minutes tops and I was heading out to lunch in the Phoenix area (don't bother with purchasing the "snacks" on the flight, just make sure you are prepared beforehand).
1	Terrible little shit-hole.  I've flown Allegiant four times in the last six months and have had a terrible experience each time.  The last time I flew out of there, they said that my name has been flagged and they needed to contact Homeland Security.  It took about an hour on the phone to get me cleared.  Whatever.  On the flight back, the same thing happened, but they pulled me out of line, and it was mortifying.  So, today's flight had me popping my Xanax even before boarding my flight.  I was escorting my handicapped mother back to Wichita and was returning on the same day/plane.  We arrived at the airport at 6:25 for our 7:35 flight.  As i was walking through the doors, the ticket agent was screaming for all Wichita departures.  I made it to the back of the line and informed her that I was Wichita bound.  She yelled at the line of people in front of me to make room for me to get up there.  I get a lecture from her and was told that I WILL miss my flight for being late and that I better "hustle it" through security.  I make it to the security line, and there was not a single person in line.  I unloaded my bags and shoes and waited for some instruction, as my mother was in her wheelchair.  The TSA agent sees me and yells, "You can't push her through there."  No shit.  He calls for a female escort and off she goes.  I get the stop signal from him, and then he motions for me to go through.  No beep.  I'm wearing a tank top with a tissue-cotton cardigan over it.  He tells me to take it off and send it through the machine.  What a perv. I make it pass the x-ray and meet up with my mother again.  The agent searching her goes into ripping me a new one about how I should really arrive earlier and it's "not fair to rush" my mother through this.  1.  I was not late.  2.  My mother was completely fine and had no complaints.  Ok, finally get to the boarding area.  I waited patiently until everyone was boarded and went up to the line.  This ticket agent also scolded me for not being here two hours early and said that we are holding up the flight.  She radioed for someone to help with a wheelchair assist.  Some girl comes up and pushes my mom to the tarmac.  I could've done that.  I see that there are still about 20 people waiting in line to board from the back of the place.  Don't make me feel badly about escorting my disabled mother and  say that I'm making them run late when there were still people boarding,  Then they called for some weird dolly for humans that reminds of when Hannibal Lector was being transported.  Allegiant used this for my mom last time, and it was horrible.  There were so many straps and she was uncomfortable.  Also, my mom is in an ankle boot and couldn't stand.  I told them I would rather carry her, as she is only 80 pounds.  They acted all inconvenienced.  I carried her onboard and placed her in her seat with no problems.  Why was I given so much grief?  I can't imagine how my poor mom would've been treated if I wasn't there.  I'm an adult, do I really need to be treated like a child and chastised about everything?
4	Love this tiny little airport. Easy parking. No lines. No need to be here hours ahead on departure.
1	Worst airport EVER!
4	My wife, son and I are traveling to Missouri in January 2011 due to a family member not doing too well. Anyways, we did the normal checking for flights etc from Sky Harbor. My sister n law who is also going but on a different day mentioned that she got a flight from Allegiant for super cheap. I'm a cab driver and have driven passengers to Gateway Airport and I remembered them giving good reviews. Anyway, I go online to check flights and I am immediately shocked at how much the flights were. Mesa to Springfield, Missouri only $47 one way person and $19 way back home per person. Yes, there was $9.99 pre-boarding fee which would have added an additional $60 to trip.Also, a $14.99 fee for booking online which would have added an additional $$90 to the fare. I did some more research and said ahh hell no, I'm not paying those fees. So I drove an hour to the airport because buying tickets there is free. However, I saved $90 bucks !The ticket agent noted that since we are traveling with a small child ( 2yrs old ) we would get priority boarding anyway. Just saved $60 more dollars !Conclusion, I only paid $284 total with taxes, airport and standard security fees for three round trip tickets and no convience fees.To save on the $35 per checked bag we are going to FedEx our luggage to family.Only down fall is airport is 60 mins from our house hence the $14.99 convience fee. But the 2 hour trip was worth it ! No other airline can match that $284 for three !
4	Mesa's Gateway Airport is a lil airport that's a lil off the beaten path but might be worth the drive if you are looking for a relaxing airport experience or can benefit with the low fares and small town destinations of airlines like Allegiant.  I certainly liked it on my last trip and would recommend it to someone looking less crowds and walking.See ya there!
5	I love this airport. The staff are very friendly and laid back. Checkin and security take no time at all. I always come about 90 minutes early and I'm sitting around for an hour because everything runs so smoothly. Allegiant air is cool if you're going to one of the smaller towns they serve. Also you have to know how to deal with their ticketing system.
2	Should not have the word Phoenix in it's name, because it is nowhere near Phoenix!  It's a fucking hour away!  Also had very bad luck with Allegiant Airlines, as both my flight in and out were 90 minutes late.  I also experienced a gate agent who, in the spirit of spring training, was a major league bitch.  No carry-on food available inside the security area either, only dine in.  I won't fly back into Mesa unless it's absolutely necessary.
4	Rockford IL- Mesa Flights! Best Ever, A flight straight to my home town in Northern IL.  If your from the Midwest please support the airlines and If find flights less than Major airlines all the time,  The only real limitations is the  of flights.  And be prepared to do a little bit of luggage work.  Parking takes about 15 minutes and is low cost.  Have a safe flight.Kevin
4	So much easier to get in and out of than Sky Harbor.  Check in is normally very quick, and security is fast at their job.  I just with they had more flights to more places
4	Yes complicated to reach here or get out if you don't have a car or a rental. But when you have a good group of crazy CSers, things get easy.Main airline is Allegiant. If you were clever and didn't purchase all their "preference" fees, then you'll need to arrive earlier. Security check was a relief, and the waiting areas are enough for all the passengers. Free Wifi and the chance to save in a good deal flight!
2	Flew out of Mesa-Gateway on Allegiant last month. This is the only reason I would be at an airport this far east of where I live. So, it's not convenient to get to (good luck roping a friend or relative into driving you here, as it's about a 2 hour round trip haul from downtown Phoenix and shuttles cost a $kullcrack) but if you drive yourself, the long term parking is butt-cheap. It's an  airport w/o jetways, so you'll be walking out onto the tarmac to board your flight. As many have stated- if you fly Allegiant and you don't pony up for all the extras such as priority boarding, you need to get here at least an hour and a half before your flight takes off. No bullshit- it's that kind of deal w/o priority boarding and even if you pay for priority boarding you're SOL if you arrive less than 45 mins before takeoff because you're just grouped in with everyone else, fighting for a seat, and say goodbye to the extra coin you dropped for priority. It's a nice and new and neat facility, but they could use some better signage for where to go to board your flight once you go through the TSA checkpoint. Luckily it's a small airport so trial & error in finding your boarding location don't take long.Is it ok for me to call this a necessary evil?
5	What a nice little airport! Super clean and neat the parking lot was trash free and the price of parking....cheap! Always a plus! We had no problem finding this airport but we also printed off directions before we came here. It is very small but again clean and we picked up our friend who took Allegiant and it was right on time.I recommend!
4	I've never been to a small size airport like this before so it's hard to compare it to another airport. I really enjoy the small size of it, makes it unique. There are basically three buildings, you have the front check-in building, the back building behind the courtyard with gates 1-4 and then a middle building to the side with gates 5 and 6 which also has the baggage claim on the other side of the wall. I personally prefer Sky Harbor because I can ride the light rail straight there, but this airport does have a bus with half hour frequency. Take route 184, Power Road southbound and it drops off right across from the front door. Everyone seems more friendly here too, probably without having the masses wearing them down everyday, the employees here still have a personality lol. Great low priced fares from Allegiant, good service, resonable food and drink option and it looks like they are expanding for Spirit Airlines to join this fall (2012). Overall a very good experience, I would suggest this airport as an alternative to anyone living out here near Mesa or if you don't mind the hour drive from the West Valley. I will most likely use this airport again.
4	Quaint little airport, I expected shorter wait lines, but we made it to the plane before it took off. That's all I need.
4	Such a great airport experience
4	The airport is great.  The airlines suck.  But since this is a review for the airport itself, I'll ignore how terrible, terrible the tenants are.The facility itself is nice.  It's small and made up of several buildings.  It's not particularly close to town, but it's not that far away, and if you need to fly out of here, it's not inconvenient, and traffic to and from is very light.There is a pretty good restaurant and bar on site with good grub and affordable prices, and there are the usual airport shops.  The best part is the outdoor area (weird for an airport - I know).  There is a sort of courtyard between all the buildings, and considering the usual pleasantness of Phoenix weather, it's a nice relaxing place to sit while waiting for a flight.  It beats sitting in a terminal!Oh, and they have free wi-fi, so you can stream movies to your computer or phone, which is especially nice since cellular service sucks out that far (at least on AT&T).Because of the size, security is a breeze.  On-site parking is very close.  You could park, walk to the terminal, and get through security in 10 minutes (though you should always get to an airport early).Parking is cheap.  Not much more to say about that.OH, BONUS TIP!  If you go to school at ASU or work at ASU and have an ASU parking permit, this airport is right next to the Polytechnic Campus.  Like right next to campus.  Most ASU permits have reciprocal parking privileges at the Polytechnic Campus, so check to see if yours does.  If you can park there (which almost anyone with an ASU permit can), you can park on campus and walk an extra five minutes.  BAM!  Free parking!  Yeah, the parking at the airport is only $8 a day, but if you're gone for a week, save yourself $50 by walking five minutes.
3	Small airport that serves Allegiant and Spirit Airlines.  While the airport itself looks fairly new, if you are on a flight later in the evening chances are that everything to eat/drink is closed and the bathrooms are out of towels and toilet paper.
1	NEVER FLY SPIRIT AIRLINES! THEY STOLE FROM ME! One star only because I can't give zero.    Most awful experience I have ever had flying was with these guys. First of all the only reason I booked with them is because Southwest had gone up in price for the weekend, I thought this would be cheaper, but I was wrong!    I arrived at check in an hour early, where the tenant there was absolutely rude! You could tell he was in a bad mood that day and because of that he would not allow me on the plane. He said I was too late. So they put me on a flight for the following day, and I thought I should check the reservation for my return flight, just to make sure I will be allowed on that plane. That's when I find out that even though my confirmation and itinerary I had printed out said that I return on 5/13, they say that I can not get on that flight because their records say I return on 5/14. Fine. I let that go, at least I still get to spend the duration of my vacation. Only now I had to call and change all my hotel and rental car reservations, and call into work. So I leave to return the next day and still have to pay for parking. Boo    There are hidden fees! $40 for a checked bag, and if it weighs any more than 40 lbs it's $50 more! 1 carry on allowed for $40.00.    That's not it. I have never been so scared of flying in my life. When landing the captain was still jerking the plane left and right, all the passengers were freaked out! Or how about the 15 second long nose dive!? Every passenger was scared sh*tless! Skies were nothing but clear, no bad weather to blame that on.     As if that weren't enough, when we landed and I went to get my luggage there were people all around me noticing that their luggage had been opened, and some left open. I thought mine looked closed so I headed home. Get home and realize that MY JEWELRY AND MANY OTHER ITEMS HAD BEEN STOLEN FROM MY LUGGAGE!!!! I am irate, call the airline and they tell me I have to go back to the airport to file a complaint. I drive all the way back to the airport and there is nobody there! Not a single employee from Spirit, nor anyone else willing to help. Call again and get the run around. I demand to speak with a manager but am just placed on hold over and over, and never get to speak with anyone that can help me.   I will NEVER fly with Spirit again and will do my best to keep as many others as possible from making that mistake. DO NOT FLY SPIRIT!!!
3	Flew in and out of there recently on Allegiant air.  They offered a nonstop to Springfiled Mo, and I was going to Branson for a week, (Yes, I am a hick).  I used to work out in this area, so I know where it is, and it is very easy to get too.  Went to the parking lot by the airport, and it was full, so had to go to the satellite lot, which took some time.  But the shuttle was right there when I got to the parking lot, and right outside door number 5 when I got back, which was nice.  Didn't eat, so don't know what the food was like.   Normally, I would give this a 4 star review, as it is convenient, good parking. etc.  The reason I knocked it down a star is that Allegiant (on top of charging you for looking at them)  doesn't provide kiosks, so you have to wait in line, and there were long lines for lots of flights, and only 3 people working the ticket counter.  I was concerned I might miss my flight.  I didn't, but thought I might.  They preboarded me and my daugher (she has down syndrome) which was nice.  All in all, a very pleasant experience.  Though I still like Sky Harbor better.
1	As I sit in this airport, I'd like to share my experience while I wait 3.5 hours for my delayed flight to depart.YOU ARE MAKING A HUGE MISTAKE IF YOU CONTEMPLATE FLYING WITH ALLEGIANT. You will fall victim to false affordable prices. My listed price of $75 round trip was escalated to $150 after all their additional charges (carry on luggage, reserving ANY seats...). We paid additional fees to get on the 5pm flight, and this incompetent airline just let the 7pm Vegas flight leave before us. This airline stresses all over that you need to arrive exaggerated time before your flight, and so I took of work with my only vacation time this year to drive 50 min to the airport in the middle of nowhere. At 5pm there was NO staff to be found in their one terminal or to explain why the flight has not boarded. That is because ALLEGIANT doesn't have any staff here,  just the oblivous and rude airport staff here to deal with their customers.We saw an allegiant manager for 5 min who cowered in front of an angry mob, and offered no apologies or compensation. He has now retreated back to sad cave and I doubt we will ever see this unqualified loser again. I'm currently surrounded by passengers that have been waiting for a different 4:10 flight to leave, and it is currently 6:45. Everyone in this poorly air conditioned terminal is on their phone having to cancel/reschedule their plans because of this airline and airports inability to execute the few flights they have daily.I fly all the time for work and liesure; never had a worse experience. They do not have their act together, and If my return flight is anywhere near this awful... F U ALLEGIANT and this airportPS: this airline will stress you beyond measure, and not allow you to smoke a f-ing cigarette anywhere!
5	This is a hilarious airport.  they dont have jetways and you just get down the stairs from your plane and walk over the tarmac to the terminal. Once youre inside you wait for you baggage which is basically 1 guy on the outside throwing your luggage through an opening in the wall and a 1 guy on the inside catching your luggage as it flies through the opening and setting it up for you. Very quick and efficient :)Everything is about 20 walking steps within each other.. baggage claim, car rentals, rest rooms. For your Departures, security checkin is quick and then you walk into an outdoor patio with chairs etc and you then walk back in to the secure area of the building. They have a cafe selling burgers, shakes etc and they were open at 2 in the morning even though there was only 1 flight departing at that time.  very convenience for that mid night snack or late dinner.
4	I enjoy it cuz it's 5 minutes away from me.  I could fling the same negative comments about Sky Harbor being to far but I've been there and there's a thing called google map.  The receptionist was ok, gave me grief about spelling my friends last name wrong.  Flights are a bit behind.  I just like the easy access, the laid back atmosphere and the charter flights to Laughlin, no one else does that.
4	Let's make this simple:The Good: - Easy drop off and pick.- Small and impossible to get lost- TSA aren't too overbearing-  Parking fees are reasonable-  Dyson hand dryers.  I love these things.The Just Okay:- The newstand/gift store. - Small airport means few attendants at ticket counter which can mean long check in lines.The Bad:- No free Wi-fi.  FAIL!- The one restaurant there that advertises shakes, made me the worst shake I have ever had.  It was quite literally chocolate milk.  If I had not just went out to baggage claim, I would have went back and yelled.
4	This airport is tiny, and out in the middle of nowhere. But it's also cute. I like that it is an outdoor airport, and if it wasn't so hot outside, it would be a nice place to sit outside while waiting for your flight. It also has a little doggie area with dog clean up bags for those bringing the pooch onboard. This airport is easy to get dropped off at, and it's easy to get through the security checkpoint -- really easy. The whole experience was a breeze!
3	Quiet airport and they now have free wi-fi! Long check-in lines at the ticketing counters if you don't get there on time.  Very little selection of snacks and stuff, but they are pretty friendly.  Easy to get in and out of this airport!
3	Airport allegiant is dirt cheap, but being from west phx this airport is soo far! I hear if you buy tickets at the window at allegiant you get some fees removed but they are only open for two hours thurs friday and i think sat. The only reason I would come here and inconvenience the long journey would be for the cheap tickets to go from az to oakland/vegas! However I will say drop off and pick up is a breeze!
5	Awesome little airport! All the staff was friendly and the processing was as quick as could be. Definitely better than going through all the hassle of Sky harbor!
4	Other than the fact that Mesa Gateway is a VERY long drive from Central Phx, it's a great airport.  Easy to use, cheap parking and friendly staff.THAT SAID, I used Mesa Gateway because I got a cheap fare on Spirit Airlines - I'll NEVER fly the airline again.  They charge more for you to carry a bag on than to check a bag.  And we're talking a lot of money - $40 to bring a carry on.  In the end, I paid more to carry a bag on the plane to and from Vegas than I paid for my plane ticket!!What's more, you don't even get water.  No kidding, you have to pay for any beverage and they only have a few snacks to choose from.  You also have to pay more for extra legroom.  Very few people did so the entire second half of the plane was full - all middle seats were full.  And they didn't move anyone up so we could spread out because we didn't pay for the seats.This airline makes the big airlines look like they're giving stuff away.  What a TERRIBLE experience.
4	I was very glad to have flown to Indiana via this airport.I arrived early (with no real need to) just so I could have lunch there, but the lines for check-in and security were rediculously short.. I'm talking 1 person in front and 2 people behind me!  Gotta love that!Get ready to pay extra for ANYTHING possible... next time they'll be charging you for bathrooms on the plane, I swear!I had one carry-on that was 'below seat' size, so I paid no fees.  I tell you, for flying to Indiana, you can't beat the fare I got (apparently I can't quote it here but it was the lowest.. trust me).I reviewed their restaurant there, which was a great treat for such a little, simple aiport.  Airport staff were friendly.. bathrooms were clean.. no lines, no crowds, no stress, no worries.Also, if you're looking for a quick bite to eat on the plane, they have more than just bags of processed snacks and nuts.. they had these yummy chicken pesto pitas near the gates.. that, and fruit.  Not bad... I'd fly through here again.
5	Small airports make me happy. They're easier to get to, quieter, and less frantic than  monster airports like Sky Harbor that feel like giant beehives on speed. When I travel, I want to relax, people-watch, and reflect on life. I love this airport. The ticket agents and store clerks are always friendly; during my recent trip, a very nice shop clerk let me buy a souvenir even though I was almost a dollar short for it. The security folks are relaxed and good humoured... unheard of in Canada! After waltzing through security, you walk down a short hallway to an excellent bakery/cafe, convenience/souvenir shops, and a full service restaurant with outdoor patio.Yes, outdoor! Heavens to Betsy!The patio is part of a small fenced in park, with cafe tables and chairs in the sun and the shade, a beautiful cactus garden, lots of stone benches, trees, and a sloping lawn of thick soft grass to lay on and look at the sky. But best of all, at Gateway you board your plane the old fashioned way, feeling like you're in a 1940's movie: walking across the tarmac, climbing the staircase, with the wind rustling your dress and blowing your scarf over your shoulder as you glance back at your despairing lover.It's all so very romantic.
3	Cheap flights to here.... Done.
5	One person in front of me in the security line!! Love it!!
5	The reason we love this airport is because it's small and friendly. Allegiant Airlines flys to small more rural areas especially from Rockford which right where we need to be rather than hassling O'hare and driving 2 hrs. I was so so happy today with the service we got when we arrived with my Grandparents who are in their late 80's who came to visit for the Holidays. There was a volunteer right there the whole time getting their baggage checked and just took them ahead of the lines so they could get them to the gate area without worries and being lost. They even sat with them the two hours they had to wait for their departure made sure they used the restroom and had water.. Its cheap air fare but the only high prices are the checked in luggage and paying for a reserved seat.. other than that KUDOS to this Airport and Airlines...
5	fun lil port!
4	This place is fantastic. Easy in and out. The shops were open and it was 1 in the morning. Security is quick and friendly. I will fly this place again.
4	I've flown out of Mesa-Gateway Airport on Spirit Airlines to Dallas, TX for at least once a month since August and I have to say, Mesa Gateway is far better than Sky Harbor. Yes you have to pay for everything from bags to water, but the saying does apply for this airlines.. "You get what you pay for".I never pay for my bags, i pack light and bring a small backpack that can hold 3-4 days worth of clothes plus toiletries (pants, shirts, socks, underware, bra's) most of these items can be worn more than once so it makes no sense to pay $35 a bag for both flights. I also never pick the seat i want to seat in, they give you an option to make the selection random and to be honest, i don't care where i seat, especially since i don't have to pay that way. I've flown enough to know it really does not matter where you sit, it's still going to be some what uncomfortable. The only real gripe i have for this airlines is the fact that the seats don't go back. My flights are only 2 hrs long but due to the time when the flights leave, (12:55 am)  it would nice to be able to close my eyes for a little bit comfortably. I have invested in a Plane Pillow which works wonderfully no matter the seat I'm in. All in all, if your cheap like me :) than you will appreciate this low cost airlines, especially paying between $75 - $150 for a round trip ticket (which is unheard of nowadays) Hope this helps anyone out trying to decide if Spirit Airlines is the best way to go.Shelly
2	This airport is smaller, but still hard to get around if you are disabled. The airport promised me a wheelchair upon landing and nothing, plus it's an outside jetway. I had to yell across the Tarmac to ask an airport male worker, and he provided no help.  Finally some kind people helped me maneuver through the whole airport. They were Canadians, and when we got inside to information she asked for help for me, and the man behind the desk just shrugged.  Very unaccomodating, finally a man brought me one but said he old not push me, not his job, finally a young man who was airport operations came and got my bag and pushed me outside to meet my hotel shuttle. he also waited with me outside until the shuttle came. I was not impressed with this airport.
5	My family and I  (5) have flown numerous times in the past. Flying a family of that size with three being under 10 yrs old is tough. Spirit was excellent in accommodating our family and I would fly again anytime. And by the way, people who complain about ultra low airlines.... Seriously what do you expect? We paid $380 R/T for all five from phx to ohare. Best service ever. I would put them up against any airlines. Clean planes, great staff and great prices. The best!
4	Easy to get around this small airport.  Costs less to fly.  I love it.  The only thing that isnt so fun is having to board the plane when the weather is hot since you have to walk outside and wait in the sun but otherwise its great.
4	I use this airport when I fly on Allegiant.  It is a small airport.  It is good.
4	First experience with PMGA. Parking is super close to the terminal, security was fast and efficient. Overall a great experience for such a small (but growing) facility.
4	Have made quite a few trips to this airport lately for drop off and pick up.  I have to say it is much less stressful than going into Sky Harbor.  The one thing I really love is the HUGE cell phone lot. (Let's face it. The person that invented the cell phone lot should get the Nobel Peace Prize.) From the time you get the "pick up" call to "pick up" is about 2 minutes.  I spend more time trying to find a parking spot at the grocery store. It's easy.Some complain about the airlines that fly in here. They can be cheaper with diligent attention at booking.  We have never had a problem. And they are flying into such places like Little Town, North and South Dakota with is helpful for us Midwesterners at heart.
5	Great little airport!  It was very easy to get in and out of, and it was fun to walk out onto the tarmac to board our plane.  The security line was quick, too.  I was happy to find a Paradise Bakery there...all in all I'm very impressed.
3	This airport is decent.  They offer free wifi which is nice.  They have a few places to eat such as a Paradise Bakery.  The people having us board the plane were relatively rude by basically telling us to hurry up and get on the plane.  The plane wasn't supposed to leave for another 30 minutes.  TSA was pretty straightforward and had us through there pretty quickly. I guess this is a good thing, but for overall safety maybe not so much.
5	Always busy, but the TSA people are actually really nice! Almost like a party since so many fly to Vegas from there.
5	I'm a fan! Considering this little gem is just a few miles from my house, offering service to locations throughout the country within an hour or two of most major metropolitan area's.  Security was fast and surprisingly very nice!
5	Seriously. What's not to like about this airport? Have you been to the other one in town? Oh sure, if you love half-mile long lines to get through security, or the complexity and chaotic energy of an ant hill - as intricate as the inside of a watch - or parking as far away as a bird can fly in a lifetime, etc. then you might want to stay away from Mesa Gateway Airport. Granted, this gem of an airport is a little bit off the beaten path to get here, but if you live in the southeast Valley, this place is tough to beat. And, yes, the airlines that fly out of here are imperfect, but my review is not about them and their $55 one-way tickets to other airports around the Lower 48 (States) that are cut from the same cloth. (I do admit that I don't travel with virtually everything I own, stuffed into bulging-at-the-seams, oversized rolling foot lockers [aka "suit cases"], for that weekend trip to Shangri La; nor do I need to know what seat I'll be in more than 24 hours in advance; so I don't get stuck with those additional fees. But let's get back to the airport, which is what this review is supposed to be about in the first place!)  And I'll grant you that this terminal has (as far as I can tell) just two places to eat; even though there's a sign outside that says it all about the simplicity of this terminal: "Restaurant"; unlike that other airport that has more restaurants than grains of sand at Huntington Beach. So no, this airport does not have the fancy amenities of the other one, but that's not why many of us travel.And I'll grant you that you have to go outside to get on/off the plane, but at least there's a shading system (see pics) that lowers the temp outside by 1 3/4 degrees. But hey, for $55 one way, I can slum it with the best of 'em! And besides, this is actually how people back in the "olden days" traveled by plane, so I consider it a history lesson. And obviously, the big drawback to this airport is the convenience factor, now that Spirit airlines is bailing out to Sky Harbor. For example, if you need to get to Chicago, I believe the closest you can get is Rockford, IL. Need to get to Des Moines? Try Cedar Rapids for a change.  Minneapolis? Well, you'll love the autumn leaves in Rochester, MN this time of year; and while you're there, check out the Mayo Clinic! So, as far as I know, this airport will not help you get to many of the big-city destinations, but if, e.g., Missoula, Montana is a familiar stomping grounds for you, then you'll love this airport, and it even comes with trees! Some of the things that endear me to this airport, besides the trees, worthy of the illustrious 5-star review, is that this place is so clean that even Mr. Clean himself would be proud; this airport is as calm as a placid lake and as whisper-quiet as a butterfly's flapping wings; getting in and out of here with you car is as easy as climbing a fallen tree; and even the economy parking lot ($6 a day) is close by, and it doesn't require a shuttle ride, followed by multiple flights up escalators, followed by a tram ride just to get within a country mile of your car. Yes, I'll take this airport over the other one any day.
5	Such a cute little airport. Just adorable. But not terribly, terribly precious. As it turns out, there are actually quite a few flights that leave out of here and it's a legit, big enough for trouble airport.I've only flown Allegiant in and out of Mesa, but they have a few terminals and a big chunk of the check-in area. It's a hop, skip, and outdoor jump from there over to the security area, and that's never had long lines. Though I don't recommend it, I once arrived 35 mins before my flight and breezed through security with no line at all. Once through security there are actually quite a few shopping and dining options. Perhaps "quite a few" is an exaggeration. How about "handful?" There are a handful. I think the most interesting aspect is that you breeze in and out of doors. The plane lets you off on the staircase and you walk inside. Then you move through the terminal, then back outside across the pavilion, then back inside to luggage claim, then back out to the curb.Some of my happiest memories happened on that curb--waiting to be picked up and thinking ahead to the adventures of that weekend. I always came in hungry and there are plenty of dining options around the airport. Although it's pretty far from the buzz of the heart of Mesa, it really is the gateway to all that adventure and fun that that part of AZ has to offer. It's worth the inconvenience of having to drive a little farther. Jump on  plane and land at Mesa. Spend the weekend. Laugh, love, eat; you may even fall in love and plan your future.
4	You know, this is a nice little airport. Being in the east valley, it's close and convenient. Love that it's not busy, we checked in in less than 20 minutes. Looking forward to seeing how it expands over the next several years.
4	Fast, easy & efficient airport. Small but comes in handy. Overnight parking is easy to get to and low cost in comparisons to airport parking rates.Only con is they are limited to just 2 airlines - Allegiant & Spirit. I would use them more if the airlines available here had flights to Los Angeles.
5	WOW! This place is in the middle if no where, but SO worth the drive! No waiting lines, no traffic, no snarky employees. Everyone has been....well....SWEET! We had some special requests that usually need someKind of permit, but with an explanation we were waved right through! They are very accommodating. The grounds- like a freaking park! I would birng a lunch and EAT here, but wait, I don't have to, the market store has S'mores AND Pumpkin Spices Cappuccino, and a variety of creamers. There's a kid park, a pet park, flowers, it is a bit of a  walk to get to the gate, but a really pretty walk! Thank you, Holly, for booking this flight. My daughter has an anxiety disorder, she was quite worried, but it's do homey here she is completely relaxed. Greatest airport EVER! (And the one in Vegas has a giant horny toad statue, so that's some competition) I trusted this airport, which is important to me, as if I feel my kids are at ALL being not treated totally awesome I tend to open a can o'whoop butt. Just sayin. I'm not really good when my kids aren't treated well. LOL See my Facebook for proof. heh.
4	Love this airport - it's tiny and cute in a way that takes me back to a time when people dressed in their best to travel.
4	Nice airport! Small, efficient, very friendly and very professional. The drive to the airport from where I live was the only reason I didn't give it 5-stars.
4	You know what?  This airport isn't so bad!  I was flying on standby out of the airport and knew there was a good chance that I'd be there for a few hours and I didn't mind.  I reviewed the selection of restaurants and found them intriguing and they also have free WiFi.  Who doesn't love that amenity when going through the "hurry up and wait" routine at the airport.  We went through security at what I'd think is a prime time of the morning and had zero difficulties - we probably got through in less than five minutes.  The restrooms I entered were clean, all of the escalators and moving walkways were functioning, and I ended up making my flight.  All in all, this is was a pleasurable experience and I wouldn't mind having a layover or stay in Phoenix again.
4	This is a super small airport which is great because that makes it easy to get in and out of when dropping off or picking up. I've only flown out of there once and it was a pretty smooth process for checking in and getting thru security as well. You can't beat Allegiant's great deals on flights to Vegas right now so I am sure I'll be using this airport more in the future!
2	Increasingly Unlikely to use Mesa-Gateway with Allegiant due to:I) family member being stuck addl day, after World Flight Services employee (4 at the counter) refused to print my sister's boarding pass (having checked in 4hrs earlier) with 55 minutes before flight -- all AA policies met, but Customer Service suggests we failed to check in 60 min prior to flight. We flew her home via American Airlines instead.II) friend and her family arrived 30 min before flight, after receiving messages and checking airport about 1hr delay. Flight delay was reversed and flight time moved up 5min! Also had to fly ALL of them through PHX via Delta.Customer service sent (3) $27 vouchers. Hmmm, not quite good enough. Then refused further discussion.All of my past ~15 flights were fine.
1	Absolutely horrible! The airport is not equipped to handle the amount of traffic they have! The buildings are packed and the security area is a mess--the line literally went out the door! The restaurant inside (Paradise Bakery) also wasn't equipped to deal with all of the people--they ran out of lettuce for goodness sakes! Salads are half their menu! And the actual gates don't even have enough seating! Ridiculous!
4	I don't usually write reviews on airports but I have flown in and out of Mesa-Gateway a few time.  This place is much further from my house than Sky Harbor, but what I loose in time driving, I make up more than that in short lines at the check points, and easy travel.  So much easier, especially if you are not checking in luggage, it's a breath of fresh air!  Not much options for food, but with no waits what do you need food for?.lol.but if you do need food there is a restaurant there and a snack shop.
3	It used to be a nightmare to get in and out of this place and arriving early for a flight would leave you with nothing to do. However, over the last year or two I have seen significant improvements here. There is now a selection of places to eat, separate baggage claim area, more security lanes and a better parking system. Overall a much better airport to fly in and out of now.
4	Gateway reminds me a lot of Burbank's airport: small, simple, easy to navigate, gets the job done. I've flown out of here on Allegiant and while I prefer SW, Allegiant tends to be cheaper even with the bag fees. The airport has a really small town feel with it's friendly staff and generic food options (save a Paradise Bakery that is conveniently in a terminal that I never fly out of), but what I like most is the outdoor area with benches, tables and chairs and small grassy knoll. Yes, a grassy knoll that, depending on the time of day, is shaded by Palm trees. I love that little spot. This is a no frills airport that gets me from point A to B and really what more do you need?
4	Great improved structure. ..  friendly staff easy to get in and out off..
1	If I had the option between going on Allegiant airlines or going down on Susan Boyle .I would give Susan Boyle the time of her life 1 make sure you have a debt or credit card because they accept no cash what so ever 2 there carry on bags wouldn't be convenient for a 7 year old 3 the employees are trained like McDonald's employees they never no anything then you get the super visor and be knows just a tad but more 4 the employees have NO POWER what so ever too make any changes to anything even if your willing to pay extra Do your self a favor and pay the extra money to go 91 united or southwest Hell... even take a bus
4	Awesome airport to fly in and out of with ease.  The security line has never been longer than 5 minutes for me when traveling.  Getting to the gate only takes a minute or two and plenty of space for people to have a seat and wait.  The only thing I know is that the parking can be expensive.  They used to have free parking but that changed and like any airport its expensive when you have to pay for it.  Otherwise, this is a great airport to travel in and out!
4	Small airport, but clean and the cheap-o airline Allegiant flies here, so saves us lot$ of money.
5	This is a very small airport. It has 2 beautiful outdoor courtyards.
5	Super clean modern airport. With a total if 10 gates this hometown airport and its personnel will treat you like royalty.
4	It has been over a year since my previous review, and given that I've flown out of this airport quite a few times in the past year, I have just a few additional comments to make. First, I have noticed that the airlines flying out of there can schedule quite a few flights within an hour of one another. I can only assume that the purpose of this is to reduce the cost of TSA screeners? So if you're prone to arriving at airports late, especially around 3pm on a Friday, you might be standing in a line that stretches out the door (as another reviewer mentioned) just to get through security. On at least two occasions, I noticed 5 flights scheduled out of this airport within one hour's time; meaning, a lot of travelers converging on this tiny little airport in a small window of time. So be prepared in the event your flight out of this airport is at a busy flying time and plan accordingly. Secondly, I recently had a flight delayed, due arrive at this airport, which didn't put me in until around 12 a.m. In this case, my car had been parked at the economy lot for quite some time (as in weeks not days), racking up a hefty charge for parking. But when I went to pay, the payment machine (which is the only way to pay because there are no human beings manning the lot) would not read my credit card (the only one I had with me - which was working immediately before and has worked perfectly fine ever since), and payment machine does not take debit cards! So that left me, in my mind, with only two options to get out of the parking lot that night: pay cash in the EXACT amount, OR sleep in my car and try to sort it all out in the morning. Fortunately, for me, I had the cash on me. But I doubt many others would have that much on them, and in the exact amount. So beware of this potential issue if you park long-term in the economy lot. Otherwise, my original review stands as written.
4	Nice hotel within a 20 minute walk to Staples Center. Friendly staff, nice clean spacious rooms. Courtesy car will take you anywhere downtown. Right next door to art museum and down the street from concert hall.
