2	Every time I pass by this place, it's busy. So I decided to take a look to see what I was missing as my brand new vehicle was not looking so brand new anymore. Lets begin with the prices starting from $13.95 and up. I chose to get a wash, wheels, vacuum, and dash board "dust" wash all for 18.95- Not bad. Normally, when I let the owner or customer service guy know that its my fist time at their shop or whatever, they throw in a deal for me- not this place, this dude just wasn't in the mood to bargin- and that's okay, I understand, and perhaps they will understand if they don't get a 5-star rating or return visit from me :b I mean, c'mon it's a car wash! Throw in a free air fresher or carpet scrub- SOMETHIN! Service: Meh. Everything about their service was mediocre. Like they washed the outside pretty well and the tires were nice but they could have done way better on the inside, they missed a couple of spots and one major area that bugged me. They were done quick (20 min), and maybe if they took a little more time I would have received better quality car wash. I thought about getting a wax but the guy told me it would take 3 hours (and there was 1 other customer at the time). I have a tiny car- at the most 1 1/2 hour for everything. So I dunno why this place is busy all the time.. but I was not impressed.
2	Sadly I think this place has seen its Golden years and they are long gone. I remember going to this carwash for years, with my grandma, my mom and dad and later myself. In this time this place has weathered over the years and now needs a major overhaul. I believe the carwash has changed owners and it seems they are trying everything to make a buck. They recently added window tinting and smog checks. They wash prices have remained pretty solid and they recently added (or advertise it more) a detail special for $89. The thing that truly upsets me about this carwash is the fact that they no longer allow you to add a tip for the detailer to your receipt or the option for cash back when paying with a credit or debit card. Now there is an ATM conveniently located in the lobby that charges $2.50 plus we all have those pesky non ATM fees our banks charge. So when I pay $2.50 at their ATM (cause the operator gets a kickback from the owner) and my $2.50 NON ATM fee at my bank my wash has now cost me an additional $5.00 so that I can tip the detailer cleaning my car. To me this doesn't seem like good business. Overall the washes are ok but not consistent as no one does a quality check after the detailer is finished. Bottom-line; this is an ok place to grab a quick wash but bring that cash otherwise you can end up paying more.
5	Sure - it looks like its better days are behind it.  But the work is great!They care a lot and spend quite a bit of time getting it right.  I am quite particular.  Everything gets wiped down.  It's the third time I've been here. I'll definitely be back.
4	For $25 you can get THE WORKS.  I was a little sketched out to go in, but I did.  The place is a little dinky, on the corner of Decatur and Charelston.  But the price is right and the people are friendly.  They have a few different options to choose from, from just the basics to a wax. I chose the third most expensive.  This included the outside, a polish, wheels, and all of the inside including the dashboards.  I waited about 15 minutes, the place wasn't that crowded.  $25 for the works, plus a tip, not bad for a clean car!
1	I have been going to Charleston West Car Wash since I moved to Vegas 15 years ago. I have always been happy with the service I've received. Recently I was there for a wash and a detailer scratched my car. The manager was rude and very unprofessional. He refused to give me the owners phone number but did tell me that the owner lives in another state. I wonder if the owner knows how the manager that he is trusting to run his business is treating his customers?? He offered me some free car washes, but refused to take responsibility for the damage that my car received by one of his employees. Why would I take my car back to a place that is dishonest and doesn't value their customers and their property? I have always recommended this car wash to my family and friends, now I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy!
1	BEST CAR WASH EVER!!!!!!Make sure you ask for the "Manager's Special!!!!"That's where he ashes his cigarette on your car right in front of the cops, that you called, because his (and these are his exact words) "Professionally Trained Car Wash Technicians" make a dug-through-the-clearcoat-and-the-paint ring of scratches around a half-cleaned bird poop. Then he won't rectify the situation because you tarnished his business by calling the police, that he told you to call, and that's after he calls you a liar. It's hard to find that great of a level of customer service anymore, and let me tell you, they've got it here!!!
4	On the west side of town, I do not think there is a better wash place for this price.  Nothin ever turns up missing, the workers are freindly and very attentive to detail.
4	The best car wash I've found in town.  Granted, this isn't saying all that much, but for the price you pay, it is a significant upgrade to Terrible Herbst's.  I've tried the Green Valley and Seven Hills car washes and I will drive across town for this one.  It does look a bit run down, but judge it by the quality of work.
2	I was very disappointed with my recent service. I realized it was busy and was told it would take 40 minutes, no worries, but when I noticed they 'mark' your car with a white marker - it is to tell the workers what level of service you paid for which determines your place in line.  After waiting 1 hour, 20 minutes and seeing  many others who came after me had come and gone, I was not happy.  I mentioned to the service person what happened and he did not deny it and said he was sorry. I will not longer spend my lunch hour at this place!
5	Gem in the ruff.  Yes it's old very old. Probably like 30 years old.  I would come here as a boy with my grandfather.   But if you ask for an off the line hand wash they do it the right way and it's fast.  Not like Freddie's fabulousness which is just a scam for let me try to sell you everything under the sun.  This is like an old barber shop no frills just a good hand wash.
2	It's a decent quick wash place, tires were barely cleaned and most of the outside was fine. The Inside was pretty lousy. You have to stand next to the service guy and tell him what to clean exactly. They kind of just expect the tip.
1	Before you read my review, please understand I am very particular about my car and about spending money where one shouldn't. Ok? Cool. I recently took my new-ish Mustang to this place because after washing it myself recently, I realized I couldn't clean the leather as much as I wanted to. So I took it in here thinking that if their detailer said they could remove the leather wrinkles, I was in, cost be damned. He told me it wasn't going to happen, but I should wash it anyway. I agreed because I was already there and my car was dirty, and went for like the $25 wash. First of all, they took forever to get to my car. I believe from the moment I handed over my keys to the moment it went into the line was like 30 minutes. Yeah, they were kinda busy, but I'm pretty sure they allowed their friends to cut through. Once my car left the line and went out to wait for someone, it sat for another 10 minutes. I don't care about the 10 minutes part, I care that it's stupid to leave a recently-washed, still-wet car in the sun for any time at all... all you're doing is letting your hard water dry on the car! Finally a really chubby dude comes out to my car and starts working on it. That's when I knew my car wash would suck. See, the Mustang has a cramped interior that makes cleaning it well a pain. It's a pain if you're skinny, and it's an extra pain if you're a big dude. So the big dude is in there doing his thing and calls me over about 20 minutes later to hand off the car. The interior was spotty, the car had dry water lines, and the interior protectant wasn't applied evenly. Some parts were good, others were light. Fail. I pointed out some stuff that he tried to work on, but he was panting and stuff. I didn't want him near my car anymore, so I left. I came home and finished detailing it myself. Honestly, I do not recommend anyone bring their car here. It's the worst car wash in town as far as I'm concerned and do not deserve any business whatsoever.
5	I really liked this place. I got the basic car wash for 14 bucks and they hand washed the outer and cleaned the middle too! Even the ash tray! Super friendly staff.
5	I finally went someplace for which I can write a somewhat helpful review:I've got nothing bad to say about this place.They are organized, efficient, polite, and compared to the East Coast, rather inexpensive.I'll give you an example of why I was impressed:I drive a car which sits very low to the ground.I selected the regular car wash, which included vacuuming and dusting the inside.As my car went through the wash, I struck up a conversation with one of the managers or owners...I'm not sure exactly which one.When my car emerged, most of the bottom half wasn't washed, probably because the sprays were set to wash higher automobiles. Before I could even comment on the situation, the owner/manager ordered someone to drive it around and wash it a 2nd time.And, he told them to adjust the sprays lower to accommodate my car.When my car emerged the 2nd time, it was totally clean.Some people might say, "well, that's what they're supposed to do," but I thought that it was especially nice, considering that I didn't have to personally complain about it.They have a walk-through shop with all of the auto knick-knacks you could imagine, and they also have a car detailing area.The next time I need a car wash, I will go there.
3	Eh...  Its alright.  They definitely don't hussle.  I paid for The Works ($25.95) but it didn't go through the wash that way.  I had to catch it when they said it was done but I noticed the tires and trim weren't.  Have to wonder how ofter they do that. And there is a horrid oder by where the outside seating is.  Smells like something died.  But the car is clean so...  It's alright.
5	Place is really good. They cleaned my car really well and took their time ! Definitely an old school car wash and had little gambling machines , which I thought was pretty cool :)) I'll definitely be back soon ! Keep up the good work !
5	To begin with I found it difficult knowing where to go and who to talk to as this was my first time here ever. When I approached the lady inside she didn't seem happy that I needed help but luckily after finding out where to begin with my car the glass guy helped with every concern and was very welcoming unlike inside. There are a few waiting areas inside and out making it every nice. It does look dingy but the best wash I've had done by someone other than myself. They know how to be quick and detailed with great prices!! Defiantly coming back here every time!!!
5	Brought my dually ranch truck in today and they did a great job!  It was full of hay, dog and horse hair dirt and grime! It cost $160 but they worked on it for 4 hours!! They didn't get it perfect but so close and for as bad as it was I will give it to them!  Will be back and it will be way cheaper if I don't let it get so out of hand.....
