3	***Quaker Steak & Lube features chicken wings that are similar to what you would get at a fast food chain or a run-of-the-mill sports bar; considering that there is a lot of lousy stadium and amusement park food out there, an order of chicken wings at Quaker Steak & Lube is an okay option for ballpark food***Quaker Steak & Lube is a local chain specializing in chicken wings.  This location is inside PNC Park and it features both their chicken wings and their boneless wings.  The chicken wings can be drenched in various sauces including hot, ranch, Asian sesame, and so on.  I opted for the hot.  The chicken wings were okay.  There was no breading on the outside, but the deep fried skin was somewhat crispy.  The chicken meat was moist.  The sauce had some heat to it, but it was not overwhelmingly spicy.I did not try their other food offerings, but I think they have french fries and a few other things.Service was quick.Prices were high (like other concession stands).  They offer several sizes of wings, but even their small portion is a large portion.Quaker Steak & Lube is not a bad option for ballpark food even though the wings were messy.  The chicken wings were hot and fresh and were similar to what you would find at fast food joints or a run-of-the-mill sports bar.  While similar to fast food might not seem like a huge compliment, there is definitely a lot of stadium or amusement park food stands out there (see Six Flags Magic Mountain in Valencia, CA) that are not even producing food at that standard.Quaker Steak & Lube is located within PNC Park so it is only available to baseball game attendees.  Parking around the stadium is expensive though you can find parking very close to the stadium at $15.
4	Not Bad , But averaged $1.15 per WING !!!  Nice selection of flavors , kinda greasy but good. I ordered the louisiana licker sauce. ( you know , something different ) And i ate too damn many. now my tummie hurts ! LOL
3	Disclaimer :Its at the ballpark, which means your gonna pay extra!!This place is pretty good, nothing super special. Wings were cooked the way they are suppose to be. Service is just what you expect at the ballpark concessions!All in all, its not a game changer and pretty pricey, but they are good wings!
