3	Went here on Saturday night as one of my friends knew a guy that had a table. Who doesn't enjoy premium bottle service w/vodka and Rose flowing?!? Service was so-so, tbh. I had to ask SEVERAL times for more champagne flutes. I'm not gonna drink Rose out of a tall glass. Just doesn't feel right, ya dig??The venue itself is beautiful and classy. Ample room to dance (which I LOVE) and sexy features. They also have a rooftop patio if you so choose to smoke or get some fresh air.Music was on-point - great selection!We were there for several hours and it wasn't very packed. Maybe due to the newness? Maybe needs better promoters? Also, not to be snobby, there were some ppl there who didn't meet the dress code. I mean, I'm talking short "vacation" shorts which weren't very dressy.
5	Planning my birthday party here with all my friends on Sat Nov 15th.  Heard great things about this place! Hopefully its exactly what I imagined!! :-) I will post a review after the experience!! But definitely would recommend to those if its as great as it sounds!!
3	I really enjoyed this nightclub. It was small, intimate, dark, and the music was good. I went on a Friday night and they played hip hop/rap the majority of the night. At the last 15 minutes before they closed, the DJ started playing cumbia and Mexican music, which was a lot of fun. The atmosphere is nice, the servers were friendly, and the drinks were good.The floors were extremely sticky. My shoes kept getting glued to the floor, I had to keep moving them. The dance floor is very small and it's right in between the VIP/Reserved area so it makes it kind of hard to dance. The whole place is small but the dancing area was crowded. I tried going on a Saturday night but they were at full capacity so they wouldn't let anyone in. It's kinda ghetto.. but I liked it!
4	We really enjoyed ourselves at RSVP. The place is new so the dance floor is not overly crowded. The decor is very chic, cute chandeliers etc. Crowd was good and not unruly, everyone seemed to have a good time. Age range 22-35. Best of all: Awesome bottle service (great price bottle service) and no annoying lady giving the soap and the lotion in the restroom, I can get my own thank you very much.
