4	Can't beat the price. We were a little sketched out by the pee-smell in the front stairway, but it's fine inside the hotel proper. The rooms are decent sized. Not in the nicest neighborhood of Montreal, but it's very convenient to Rue St. Denis, the old port, McGill, Mount Royal, etc.
4	LocationThe hotel is located right next to a sex shop, so if that kind of thing bugs you then this hotel is probably not for you. Didn't bug us at all however, it was just like any other store. It is located right downtown at St.Catherine & St.Laurent, so a busy area, which is a plus or minus depending on what you're looking for. We had tickets to a multi-day concert festival nearby at the Metropolis, and could walk there in two minutes, which was a major plus for us! The mall, complete with grocery store was just a short walk West and wasn't too far for us to walk right down to the waterfront. The subway station (St.Lauent) was very close as well, so if you wanted to venture further than walking distance it would be quite easy. The building across the street, and a lot of St.Catherine were under construction, so there was a little bit of construction noise, but it wasn't very noticeable to us. I guess whatever goes into the building across the street might make a difference as well.StaffThe staff at reception were very friendly and courteous. The reception is manned 24hours, and you don't get in unless they buzz you, so we felt very safe about that.RoomWe stayed in one of their studio apartments because we wanted the kitchen facilities. It was on the second floor, and you have to go up and down stairs to get there, which is not a problem for us - good exercise ;) The room was VERY clean, even the bathroom (other than the shower curtain, but that's forgivable). It was bright, nicely painted with big windows that open. It could get very hot (I think due to the side our windows were facing), but had a good air conditioner to turn on whenever we wanted. Had a great kitchen with all pots, pans, dishes, cutlery included. The kitchen had a full oven/stove, microwave, full size fridge/freezer, toaster, kettle and coffee maker. The bed was comfortable, and had an extra blanket and cot available. There was a shared iron & board in the hallway which I did borrow one day. And free WIFI - very important :) We were very comfortable here, and would stay here again.
4	almost four years ago.Only memory: there are several strip clubs nearby.
4	Let's start this off by saying don't come here if you're into 4 and 5 star hotels.  This place is not that.  However DO come here if:1.  You need a nice clean home base while you explore Montreal2.  You need something at a reasonable price3.  You need basic kitchen amenities (actually my rooms has a more well equipped kitchen than most 5 star hotels I've stayed at) and wifi (so you can yelp after a day of eating)4.  You like friendly staff and service with a smile.This place is _great_ for what it is.  For about $100 a night we got a double bed, a kitchen with stove, refrigerator, microwave, toaster, coffee maker, plates, cups and utensils, TV, a nice clean decently sized bathroom, and wifi.  Best value in Montreal.
4	Looks dingy on the outside; inside is beautiful and accommodating. Staff is really friendly and appropriate. Location is amazing. Love the fact that it's right on top two sex shops.
4	First thing is first, this hotel is not a Hilton or the Waldorf, but it does have it's own charm. My girlfriend and I recently spent almost a week here on our trip to Montreal. The staff were very accommodating during the reservation process.Upon reading some other reviews I found out that the hotel is right above an adult toy store. This didn't bother either my girlfriend or myself because we aren't prudes. There really wasn't any noise from the store below. Unless you feel comfortable explaining to your children what the funny "wands" are in the toy store's windows, I probably wouldn't stay here.The hotel is the the beginning of the Entertainment District which is a great location if you enjoy theater, music or art. We were within a few blocks of some great venues.The front of the building is rather unassuming, but once you climb the stairs to the lobby you are pleasantly suprised. It seems as if the entire inside of the building has been renovated. We were fortunate enough to have reserved one of the superior rooms. It comes with its own private bathroom, otherwise you have access to a communal bathroom. Even with rooms without a private bathroom you still get a sink and mirror. I would have to say we received very good service during our visit. Housekeeping came by everyday and made sure the room was stocked and made up right. The only glitch we had was that a breaker tripped once,  but we called down and it was addressed rather quickly.The rooms were nicely appointed. Our room had flat panel tv, cable, a/c, and a sofa bed.I would have no problem staying at this location again.If you are looking for a budget hotel with a more expensive feel Abri is your place.
4	We booked a room at Abri du Voyageur because we had a Dealfind coupon which actually ended up not working while we were there (it's only good during the week) but I'm still glad we did. Yes, it's over top of a sex shop, so the outside looks questionable. But once you get inside it's clean and attractive with loads of character. If there were elevators we were never shown them, so get ready for some stair climbing. The rooms have obviously been updated recently and are super trendy with exposed brick and hardwood. We had a great view right down St. Catharine. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. The neighbourhood is cool (loads of murals everywhere!) and just up the street from Chinatown. On the weekend street parking is fairly accomodating - it's free from 5p.m. (I think) on Saturday until 1p.m. on Sunday. The only shortcoming was that although wifi was free the signal in our room was very weak and only one of us was able to connect successfully. Even though we weren't able to use our Dealfind coupon the price was reasonable. I'd be happy to stay here again if we needed to be in this part of the city.
3	I've mixed feeling about this place. For the price and location, this is a steal. But don't expect spacious and nice-smelling rooms, quiet nights without any sounds because you are not gonna get them. The Wi-Fi didn't even work because the reception is so poor. Considering the price, it is a decent hotel.
5	For a quick 3 day getaway to Montreal, we came across trip advisor for a list of hotels. Abri is truly a gem- it is very affordable and an extremely clean hotel. So glad, we booked our stay with them! Not only were the staff friendly but it was located in downtown Montreal where it was easily accessible to get to the metro and attractions. A lot of reviews mention that it is right next to a sex shop. It is not a scantily or sketchy place but simply an adult novelty store in good taste. The area itself resembles much of the Wall St financial district further down the block. We stayed in a queen sz room but double room/studio includes a kitchenette with or w/o private bathrooms. Honestly for $100+ a night, it is beyond reasonable. In fact, I think this is as best as any traveler can get for the area. Free Wi-Fi as well except the reception is a bit weak.Just a quick heads up if you are staying here, be warned that if you are checking in the bottom (lobby) floor can get noisy in the morning. The walls are pretty thin so you can definitely hear conversations and noises. Ask the reception for secure/indoor parking areas. Do not park your car in outdoor garage!! There's been a car theft ring in Montreal where many cars were reported stolen/missing. Park your car in an indoor garage where it is monitored by security cameras/attendants. It is better to be safe than sorry! Metro is located right down the block from the festival. Also, the old Montreal is a walking distance that goes into St. Urban- Chinatown/Little Italy which is literally a 10-15 min walk from the hotel. Also just a quick tip-  there is currently an ongoing festival held until end of Aug at night time located right down the block of the hotel. Attractions include live concerts, comedy sketch, local vendors- beer, treats, food trucks, etc. Or if you prefer- place des arts is right across the street that goes into the Centre Eaton mall.
5	Well, we were looking for great budget lodging in Montreal and what we got was the time of our life.  I really and honestly believe that our trip to this great city wouldn't have been as awesome as it was with out our stay at Abri Du Voyageaur Hotel.  Every part of our stay, from check in to check out, was perfect.  The staff were friendly, accommodating, and extremely helpful with recommendations to area attractions and directions to cheaper parking arrangements. The location is perfect, close to just about everything.  Almost everywhere we went was only a short walk away, including restaurants, bars, and lots of shopping.  The room was impeccable and much nicer than most budget accommodations in the States.  I've definitely paid more in the past to receive less  The room was comfy and clean.  Sure, the shower was small, but it reminded me of the showers in Europe which was fine by use.  I was delighted by the shared computer in the lobby since both of our phones were basically unusable with out WiFi (oh yeah, they have that too. For free!).  I am so happy that we stumbled upon this hotel because I wouldn't imagine staying anywhere else when in Montreal (unless I hit the lottery).
5	I was sketched out about this place when I first looked it up and saw that it was right next to a sex shop (ended up not mattering at all), and when I learned at how cheap a rate it was despite being located in the heart of Montreal. The great reviews were the only thing I was banking on, and I'm happy to report that they are all accurate.The modern-looking lobby is not telling of the actual rooms, which look pretty old and have creaky floors. There are only 3 floors, no elevators. There was more than enough space in the double bed room for my boyfriend and I, and it was very clean. However, I swear the sink in the room smelled of vomit. The receptionist was very gracious about it and offered to switch our room, but since we were only staying 2 nights we didn't feel it was necessary. That water radiator did a hell of a job keeping the room toasty, even with the window wide open throughout the night when it reached into the negative degrees. Wi-Fi worked fine.I had never stayed in a hotel with communal bathrooms, so that was a bit of a surprise. Got used to it real quickly, thanks in part to how clean it was. Our room was directly across from a bathroom, so we could conveniently look through the peephole to check its vacancy. Personally, I really liked being a 5-minute walk from Chinatown. This hotel is located right in the middle of everything, and if we had more time I would have loved to explore the underground mall and Old Montreal, both a short drive (or reasonable walk if it wasn't 2 degrees) away.A word of advice for travelers, especially those from outside the country: Do not leave any valuables in your car! I had read in other reviews to park in an indoor garage, and to not leave valuable property in the car, and we are kicking ourselves for not heeding those warnings. Our car was broken into and hundreds of dollars worth of stuff stolen. We were parked on the street less than a block away from the hotel. After this happened, we moved the car to a security camera monitored lot right behind the hotel. I can't say enough positive things about the receptionist, Dave, who was so kind as to give us breakfast vouchers and even refunded one night's stay after hearing about what had happened. We were in pretty bad spirits and his actions really lifted me up. I probably would not take my parents here, but for young people on a college student budget, this place is absolutely perfect. I really loved this hotel and will definitely book here again the next time I come to Montreal.
5	A great stay. The metro is a very short walk, but not all that long of a walk to the Bell Center and the train station.  The hotel was very clean and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I was meeting my girlfriend there who had booked the room so I had a place to store my bags while waiting for her train to arrive. We were able to get very good massages as well which was part of the package we purchased. There is outdoor parking behind the building ( not part of the hotel) which was $20 a day. I would gladly stay again.
4	Spent 2 night and 3 days at this very charming hotel located near the corner of Sainte Catherine and Sainte Laurent... A very friendly and knowledgeable staff topped off a good experience at this hotel....The room was very clean and well kept...From the photos on the hotels site, I was under the impression the rooms were larger and just the same the room size was good...I was on the 3rd floor and found the room to be very quiet... If you are not into walking upstairs, make a request to be on the 1st or 2nd floors as there is no elevator...Had dealings with the front desk and was amazed at the attention to detail and kindness with which they handled my enquiries....I will be back....
