5	belinda the store manager helped us so much when we were buying supplies for our restaurant. if you need anything go talk to her. they have a lot of used equipment for really great prices. if youre also thinking about running a food truck they have parking places and use of a fridge and kitchen for prep on their premise. i dont know the exact details and price to use them but definitely talk to belinda. i could spend hours looking around in there.
5	I walked in planning on only buying one thing and walked out with multiple. This place had so many things its ridiculous. I bought an apron, a pizza cutter, micro blade, dough scrapper and a pastry brush for less than 20 bucks!! You can't beat that. All chefs and home cooks alike will fall on love with this place.
5	This place has it all!  If you are willing to search through shelves full of repurposed goodies, you are certain to go home with that prized item that your bar or kitchen could not do without. And you will certainly be the only person who has one of those. They envy of all your house guests!When you have a couple of hours, come in and have fun. Ask for help and be sure to buy. Because you will regret it later if you don't.
2	A week ago I would have said 1 star.  Now I can go up to 2.  I gave them equipment on consignment 18 months ago.  During those 18 months I called 3 times, asking for the manager, and was asked to leave a message.  No messages were returned.  I also sent three e-mails that were not responded to.  So I figured they sold the equipment and were trying to ditch payment.  I then sent certified mail and got a phone call the next day!  They still had equipment and were prepared to give it back to me.   This was a relief, but i should have never had to escalate do a certified letter.  I sent another e-mail that wasn't responded to.   I went to the location, spoke to the manager, and he agreed to give me store credit instead of picking my equipment back up.  This was the best possible solution for me!  The service at this time was also courteous and professional despite our conflict.  I was impressed by this aspect of the experience.   However, I think in-person customer service is not enough to get a good review.  Businesses must communicate quickly via phone, e-mail, and in person in order to meet expectations.  I may actually buy equipment from them in the future, but i'll be hopeful that communication improves dramatically.
4	I don't work in the restaurant or bar business but still found a need to come here one morning.  We were in search of a used and good condition 3 compartment sink and a hand washing station.  Surprise! They had both...in new and used condition.  The three part sinks cost an arm and leg when new and it seems restaurants are closing quite often so it makes sense to try and snatch up a deal here.From the front, this place looks pretty big.  Don't let that fool you; it's really massive if you include the huge bone yard out back where kitchen appliances and sinks wait in limbo before heading off to the recycling company, I suppose.  Selection was a piece of cake.  Grab an employee and they will give you a tour of the back yard and lead you in the right direction.  We found a nearly new sink for about a third of the cost new and added some brand new faucets and drains to finish it off.  Delivery was reasonable and arrived the very next day.Inside the store you can find anything your heart desires for bar, restaurant and party planning.  There are also some games for sale such as air hockey...maybe next time.
4	This place has 10 acres of stuff NEW and  USED.  Thats right 10.  IT IS HUGE!  They have everything you need to stock your home kitchen or restaurant. If you have one of those.  The staff here used to be very knowledgeable but it seems like they have had some turnover recently and many of the new ones are still learning.  Don't get me wrong their are a few "Old Pros" around if you have questions about anything.  You could get lost in this place if you do not pay attention.  They have everything you could think of and more in both new and used condition.  Apparently many restaurants fail in their first year because you need lots of $$$$ to operate this kind of business. Especially in this extremely competitive food city like Vegas where there is nearly 20,000 places to eat.  Go here to find a deal like any other great opportunist would. Avoid the "Stupid Tax" and buy second hand at deep discounts.
2	Very large used selection. Mostly Armageddon looking. Had a small new "showroom" with a few nice pieces. No one said "hi or hello" while there for a half hour browsing...
