5	Disclaimer:  This is a review of Sam's Cafe's new evening menu.In recent months, Sam's, which appears to be a typical greasy-spoon coffee-and-eggs place during the day, has begun serving delicious Lebanese food on Thursday and Friday evenings.  My husband and I came with two other friends, with whom we seldom agree on where to eat.  I was curious about this place, but wasn't holding out extremely high hopes, since one of my dining companions is from the Middle East and has sky-high standards for Middle Eastern cuisine.  All these problems melted away, however, when we tried Sam's.  Even my Middle Eastern friend was impressed.  Service is quite friendly and lightning fast, and although the menu is limited, everything is delicious!  All the entrees are very reasonably priced and include such classics as falafel, kafte, hummus, and tabbouleh (which was especially delicious!).  All the dinners come with a choice of two side dishes (hummus, Greek salad, or tabbouleh).  The baklava is the best I've ever had.  One caveat:  They do not accept credit cards, so make sure you have cash on hand.  Not knowing this caused my husband to make an emergency ATM run, but the baklava was waiting for him when he returned, so all was well.I'm thrilled that we found this place; it is a treasure!  My friends and I will now never have to argue about where to go out to eat, and that is amazing in and of itself.
5	This is, by far, the BEST place to eat breakfast anywhere in the world.Do not leave Sam's without trying the pancakes. Even if you don't care for pancakes, you will explode in flavorful bliss when you try them. Sounds a little creepy, but it's true.
4	Sam's Cafe has a Lebanese dinner menu now, like Amanda W. said, which includes the staples, such as hummos with a delicious puddle of olive oil,  crispy falafel, Greek salad chock full of feta, overstuffed dolmades, tabbouleh & baklava (not homemade, w/ pistachios).  Two highly recommended plates you can order are the Shish Taouk (chicken kebab) or Breaded Tilapia (one of their specials). The woman who started the menu recently emigrated to the US after the tragedy in Lebanon. Go support local business!
4	Good Lebanese food on Thursday and Friday nights. I went with a couple of friends for a B.day party, and decided to share all their entree's to get a feel of all the food. The cafe itself is nothing to brag about, just a small, non-elegant, bread-and-butter diner type of place. The food was good though. They had four items on their dinner menu, each being either $7 or $7.50, including tax:1. Shish Taok. Small chicken breast pieces, fried in a garlic sauce. recommended. 2. Kibbe. I don't recommend it. A mixture of some sort and then fried, tasted strange.3. Kafta. Their main beef meal. By far the best food they had. Very tasty.4. Falafel. It was ok. nothing to brag about. They had a special meal that night, for $12, which had fried rice and cooked chicken. It was ok.Each meal comes with a choice of two meals. We all got homous, and tabolli, both of them being delicious. In fact, I think the homous was their best food! Btw, warm pita bread keeps coming, which was a nice touch.There are three Lebanese ladies who do the whole Lebanese dinner thing (Sam's cafe doesn't cater dinners on any other night other than the mentioned two). They were friendly and nice people.
3	This greasy spoon effectively fills its downtown niche:  no-frills service, no-frills food, and no-frills decor.  I wanted a Denver omelette but their version had onions, tomatoes, and ham instead of the expected onions, peppers, and ham.  Oh well, I ordered it anyway.  It was very good and PIPING hot.  I burned my mouth on the end when I started eating, and on the middle part several minutes later.  I also got a short stack of flapjacks for "dessert" and they were okay.  Top it all off with a cold glass of OJ and you have yourself a decent breakfast for $10.16.  I was here around 9 am on Sunday, and had no trouble getting the seat of my choice.  When I left, it was close to filling up, and I don't doubt that the college kids roll in here starting mid-morning.
5	They have a really good breakfast special. It is cheap and good.
4	So I am from Phoenix, AZ, but recently visited Champaign with the boyfriend for the holidays.  I have been hearing about Sam's breakfast, in particular the french toast, for months now.  I love french toast, it is my favorite breakfast food.  I wasn't expecting much, thinking that it was sure to be less fantastic than my boyfriend claimed it to be.Sam's is the epitome of a greasy spoon.   No frills decor, you walk through the kitchen to get to the bathroom and your table is likely to be wobbly.  The server took care of us but was busy with other tables so the service was polite and attentive but short and sweet.  We each ordered a breakfast special and then split an order of french toast.  The breakfast special items (eggs, meat, toast, hashbrowns) were basic but good.  The french toast?  Ridiculous.  Seriously, the best french toast I've ever had.  The cook dips the bread in thinned out pancake batter and then fries it up.  It is rich, crispy and seasoned with powdered sugar and cinnamon.  It was a tasty breakfast on a cold, rainy day.  When the Illini basketball team walked in the door, my boyfriend was in heaven.  At the end of the meal we realized that we didn't have any cash and Sam's doesn't take cards.  Because my boyfriend was a regular in his college days, Gus, the owner, was nice enough to let us leave, get some cash and come back to pay.  Our total was about as pleasing as the french toast.  12 bucks and change for two coffees, two specials and french toast.  Crazy cheap.  Sam's is far away from home, but we'll visit everytime we're in Champaign.
5	Super cheap, tasty and quick. Sam's is awesome for breakfast. The place is small and a bit dingy, it epitomizes what I think of as a greasy spoon cafeteria but the food is great. You can't beat the $3.70 breakfast special (two eggs, pancakes and sausage or bacon). The waitstaff is friendly and fast and the owner is slinging the food on the griddle most days.
4	I have always wanted to try Sam's.  Finally having a dentist appointment at 7 am (ICK!) meant that I was done and hungry by 7:45 this morning, so I went.Sam's is a cute greasy spoon hilariously sandwiched between two slightly snobby upscale restaurants.  I like that about the place.  The service is fast, the food is super-quick and quite cheap (I got a breakfast special: bacon, 2 eggs and toast--for $3.50.  I know.)I definitely got the feeling that this was a local place for a lot of the people and I was a 'new face,' but I didn't mind.  The food was fast and good.  I wish I'd tried a pancake, but I didn't this time.  I'd go back again.Basically, it's no-frills, straight up fast and cheap service.  And that's refreshing. :)Oh, and they don't take cards.  Bring cash.  It's not like you'll need a lot of it!
4	This is the breakfast place of my dreams!  Two people, breakfast, less than $10.00!I know, it's not fancy.  They don't have smoothies or espresso like La Peep, they don't have stuffed pancakes like Ihop, and they don't pretend they're something they're not, like others.However, the food was really good, the coffee drinkable and the service friendly.Now if it would only move toward Urbana...
4	As far as I know, this is the only place to get good Levantine food in town! I am reviewing the Cafe's Thursday-night transformation into a Lebanese restaurant, as it never seems to be open when I have thought about trying their regular stuff. But who cares about that? The food is phenomenal! I get the garlic chicken almost every time because it's so good, but seriously everything is wonderful. It's so cute because they serve it on the same crappy styrofoam plates that you'd expect a crumby diner to serve you a greasy burger on, but the Lebanese cuisine is of a quality that could (and IMHO should!) be served at a way fancier place for way more money.What a cool place. Seriously. It's one of C-U's little gems.
4	Best value in town. The breakfast and lunches are just "ok", greasy spoon standard, but their low, low prices bring them into the 3-4 stars territory. I would not say the place is dirty (because it's not), but I hope they wash their hands after touching that cash register.The Lebanese dinners are really special, as when we went, Sam's wife was there and talked to us about the food and culture of Lebanon, really making us feel welcome. She explained every item on the menu for the noobs and really seemed to care about us and our experience. The food was great.I cant justify 5 stars for this, as it is not high cuisine, and the decor, even for a greasy spoon, is pretty poor. But when your meal is less than $5 (with a drink, and fries), who's complaining?
4	French toast is amazing! We were told it's better and thicker when Sam is working but it was still extra yummy. Imagine if a pancake mated with french toast and danced in cinnamon... yeah that good. Bacon was fresh and the right balance of crispy without being overdone. Scrambled eggs were made of real eggs and the hashbrowns (American fries) had a buttery taste we loved. Unpretentious, hole in the wall that is worth the drive. Cash only and bring change for the parking meters.
4	The French toast, oddly pancake style, is to die for. Also great to eat the ethnic food in the evening when available.
5	I'm such a huge fan of hole-in-the-walls. As my friend Andrew W. once said, they have nothing else going for them but their food. Therefore, the ones that stay open are successful by the sole virtue of their food. And that's exactly why I'm giving 5 stars to Mr. Sam and his cafe of dive heaven. I have many regrets from my college career. One of these is that I didn't discover Sam's until late in the game. I get to experience two of my favorite words here: CHEAP BRUNCH. Breakfast platter special for $3.75??? Fluffy french toast for under $5???? Pancakes? Omelettes!!!?? OH YES PLEASE GIMME NAO I WANT IT I WANT IT SO BAD.Footnotes:DO NOT eat here if:- you are on a diet. I don't think the cooks know what that word means. No Lite Butter or Diet Fat Free Bacon to be found here.- you are a snob. The "decor" consists of plastic furniture and faded ads in lieu of actual ceiling tiles. - you are a germaphobe.... but really, why would you be? Snap out of it, take a class in immunology. Germs ain't got nothin' on you. (Sorry, bio nerd leaking through.)DO eat here if:- you are a broke-ass college kid. Full meals for under $5 ... how could you resist?- you love breakfast foods. The french toast is particularly noteworthy.Advice: CASH ONLY; FOR BFAST, CLOSES AT 2 PM (I think - it's been a long time since I was there. It's either 2 or 1...)
5	As good as a cheap and greasy breakfast gets.  Very friendly staff, and it really feels like a neighborhood restaurant.  The breakfast special with coffee is a fantastic deal, and the refills keep coming.  Better food than Merry Ann's in some ways, since it is the same type of food, but Sam's is only open during the day.  I'll hopefully get a chance to go back for dinner.Overall, this is one of the best of breed for greasy delicious breakfast food at low low prices.
4	I went here for breakfast and I was quite happy. I had a bacon and cheese omelette and hash browns. It was inexpensive and very tasty. It is a no frills greasy spoon type of place but I kind of like that.
5	This is my favorite place for breakfast in Champaign. It is a comfort-food-greasy-spoon restaurant. I recommend doing the breakfast before your shower in the morning and then go home for the shower afterward or you will smell like the restaurant all day! The food is very inexpensive and it has the best french toast in town. The seats are quite uncomfortable but fit in with the ambiance. For a while they served Lebonese food on some evenings but stopped doing that. I wish they would bring it back. It was excellent, high quality and reasonably priced.
5	I was going to this restaurant based on what people said on yelp and I wasn't disappointed! Food is cheap, breakfast special is $4 and it runs all day! Service was as quick as you can get and still have been freshly made! The decor is diveish but you aren't paying for a formal French you are paying for good cheap food fast! Also the french toast is dipped in pancake batter and is really delicious!!!! I know I will be going again!
5	Did you know the specials are here at the top? Because the greasily myopic server will remind you of this no matter how frequently you visit.  You could get the best damned French toast in the world at Sam's every weekend, and I'm pretty sure he'd still point out the special.Did you read what I wrote there?  Best. Damned. French. Toast. In. The. World.How is it so good?  That's a good question.  Somehow the combination of totally ordinary white bread and totally ordinary pancake batter transcends the potential of both parts to result in something truly drool-worthy: a giant slab of golden brown toast in a pool of butter and syrup.  If you like French toast, there's no reason to consider anything else on the menu.BUT if you do, you'll find that they also have grits - a rarity above the Mason-Dixon line - swimming in butter, crispy bacon, truly over-medium eggs, and delicious pancakes.  The coffee is, well, blackish, but it's really not fair to judge a diner on the quality of their coffee.  Your mug will always be full, for better or for worse.My husband and I moved away from Champaign in 2007 but make a point of having breakfast at Sam's whenever we're back.  There are better-for-us breakfasts in Champaign.  There are fancier breakfasts in Champaign.  But there's only one Sam's, and we'll keep coming back as long as it sticks around.
4	Good, cheap breakfast.  After seeing all the excellent reviews here--many of which mention the fantastic french toast--how could I order anything BUT french toast?  It was definitely pretty amazing.  Delicious, and a perfect serving.  I got a half order of American Fries on the side and it was plenty.  The only reason you'd need a full order is if you intend to split it with someone!  Basically hash browns, they were delicious.  Crispy bits mixed with soft buttery masses of potato that leave a little bit of grease on the plate.  Sounds disgusting?  Trust me, it's awesome.Considering the simplicity of our order, it seemed like it took a while to get our food.  The wait wasn't ridiculous by any means, just a little longer than I expected.  Still, we were in and out within an hour.The atmosphere is probably going to take a few visits to grow on me.  It felt cramped.  Once we settled into our little nook I felt more comfortable.  Clearly, if you're coming here, you're coming for the food...not the ambiance.And the food is indeed good.  GREAT, even.  I'll be back...for more decadent french toast...and scrumptious hash browns...
5	Looks can be deceiving, and Sams Cafe is a classic example of that.  No doubt, there are places that look cuter with nicer decor but they don't have Sams food.  Sams is my favorite place for breakfast in Chambana.  A big reason for that is the French Toast.  It is simply the best I have every had.  The rest of the food is good, but I can rarely get myself to order anything but that. Wait staff is friendly and efficient.  This is a great place for friends to grab a some food before heading up to a tailgate or after a great night out in Champaign.  Sams is definitely a diamond in the rough.
3	It is a small crowded place serving inexpensive and ok food. But I think it is over rated in yelp.
5	The best french toast you will ever eat!!!I don't even like french toast, and I went to this place and ordered it based on reviews and I am so glad I did.  I'm a believer. It has this crispy outer area and is drenched in cinnamon sugar, and perfect with syrup or without.  A half order is plenty one, but go all out and get the full order!  You'll be glad you did.Prices are great, I think a burger is under $3.00!  I have never ordered anything other than french toast and hash browns.  The hash browns are darn good too. The place is a little dumpy- poster boards on the ceiling, really uncomfortable chairs, broken equipment sitting out in the open, tables go uncleaned for awhile.  But none of this matters, it's clean enough and the food is soooo good!Side-note: they only take cash.  So go to the ATM right now, get some cash (you won't need more than $15 for two) and head over to Sam's cafe and order the french toast!
5	Cheesiest omelette EVER! And it's delicious melty American cheese, not oily coagulated cheddar. And I swear these has browns are from scratch. Deeeeelicious!
4	This hole-in-the-wall was a great find.  Service was fast and friendly, customers were a little gruff, but nice.  Food was great for this greasy spoon.  We had t-bone steaks and french toast for breakfast.  Small place, so I can imagine it fills up fast.  Not a long wait for anything and reasonably priced.
4	Best French toast in town!!
4	How have I lived in CU for 20 years and never visited Sam's Cafe? We go out to breakfast every Sunday and were getting tired of our usual spots, having whittled down the list to just a few for one reason or another. So glad I remembered seeing Yelp reviews of Sam's. The American fries are great, as is the french toast. Food was out to the table in what seemed like less than 5 minutes, freshly cooked. The kids split an order of french toast and I had the breakfast special. I think next time I'll skip the pancakes with the special and eat the 1/2 piece of french toast that the littlest one left on her plate. It's not much to look at, but is clean, great service, and good food. And all for just $17 for all 4 of us.
1	Much ado about nothing.  Have heard so much about Sam's Cafe and now wonder why.  Upon entering, the first (and lasting) impression was that it was dirty.  Okay, in my Harley riding days, I've eaten at many greasy spoons that turned out dynamite food.  Not the case here.  Service was perfunctory but that could be owing to the place being so busy.  Coffee was decent.  Ordered the Western Omelet.  Huge.  To their credit, it was filled with slices of bacon instead of just pieces, slices of ham instead of diced pieces, and large pieces of sausage patties.  That having been said, the vegetables were soggy and the entire omelet lacked seasoning of any kind.  Totally bland.  The American Fries were a soggy mess and also without flavor.  Had to have at least a half order of their much ballyhooed French Toast after reading the rave reviews here.  Blah!!  Did these reviewers eat the same stuff as I did?  There was nothing remotely commendable about it.  It was soggy and relatively flavorless.  I tried it with and without syrup.  The syrup at least gave it flavor, albeit that of low grade imitation maple syrup.  It's been a while since I left that much food on my plate.  This may be a case of the Emperor's New Clothes as it is with so many of the "In" places in C-U.  "Oh look, we found this quaint little cafe downtown; you must try it."  Of course, if you disagree you are obviously declasse.  Color me declasse.
2	Don't know what I ordered here but it was dirt cheap. Probably less than $3.You get what you pay for but the food is cheap quick and easy. There's an 80% chance that Sam could be serving you. Say hi.
4	If you go to Sam's, you probably already know what you're going for. It's not for ambiance or subtle flavors or lunch... it's for delicious breakfast food. It's not exactly a new trend to sing the praises of small greasy-spoon style places, but there is a reason for that: no $30 fancy brunch can ever really inspire the same satisfaction that  getting gratifyingly greasy french toast, pancakes, sausage, and hash browns for a few dollars can.
1	I just got back from here and first off, we waited for over an hour for our food. The people who had come in and ordered way after us were served first, which was rude. Second, I heard them talking about being out of biscuits and gravy about 20 minutes before they actually told us they were. Granted, they did take 30% off after we said something, but the food wasn't even that impressive. I'm definitely never going back.
1	Wow. Greasy. Must be a southern thing. No clue how this has 4 stars. French toast was hidden like a pancake.
5	I stopped at Sam's with a few others while attending a conference at the U of I. We all agreed that it was fantastic and full of charm. I ordered the ribeye and eggs breakfast with a half order of french toast. The french toast is covered with powdered sugar and is crispy on the outside and soft and cinnamon-y on the inside. I believe the owner dips the toast in pancake batter before frying it. Regardless of how its made, its wonderful. The steak (obviously not of Smith and Wollensky quality) was tasty and cooked to medium rare. Its juices went perfectly with the over easy eggs and crispy american fires that came along for the ride.  Go here, you won't regret it. And if you do regret it, it'll only cost a few bucks.
4	Met Sam as he was busy at the grill.  Paul and I went in to order some burgers.  The staff was very attentive.  I borrowed a pen to start my food diary. I really would like to see some Lebanese cuisine on the menu although Sam doesn't think he has the right clientelle.  He is a very sweet man and his brother was just in from Lebanon.  I noticed a Saint perched above the grill. He offtered to share one with me for protection.  He said I should place it above a door way of my home.  How cool is this guy anyway..
5	Sam's has the best pancakes I've had in quite a while. The coffee was really good too and my bacon and eggs were delicious. Sam is a charming man with a big smile, and the other staff is great too. This is so different from the bland franchise food that dominates modern American life - authentic diner food and really cheap :))For a while, Sam's served Lebanese food on Thursday/Friday nights, but not at the moment. Wish it would make a comeback, because I've heard the food was fantastic!
5	My favorite breakfast place of all time here.  It's your typical cafe, everything done the way you would want it.  Don't even bother with Merry Anns just come straight to Sams.  So the food is greasy... if you're not into that you can order it light on the butter/grease.  They make everything to order (duh).  Sam and his family are some really hard working people and it shows.  I'm just so happy at Sams, bottomless coffee and eggs all to the tune of 5 dollars. You can't go wrong!
4	I was a student here for years but never tried it until a recent trip back to C-U.  I got the  breakfast special, which seems to be the way to go (other than perhaps the French Toast). The bacon was just okay (it was clearly not fresh), but the eggs were very good, and the pancakes were the best I'd had in quite some time.  If I were going back, I'd probably try the sausage - it looked better than the bacon.  And it was still quite affordable - I think $6 covered my meal, including tax and tip!
5	Sam's Cafe has great breakfast food and very friendly staff at a good price.  What more can you ask for?  I had the corned beef hash with two eggs and toast - just the right amount of food.  I've heard the French Toast and pancakes are also great.
4	I stopped in here for breakfast the other day, and it was pretty excellent.  I had the breakfast special for about $4.25, and it included two eggs, a few slices of bacon, and a short stack of outstanding pancakes.  The server was very friendly, and the food was brought out quickly.  I'd highly recommend this place for a low-key diner-style breakfast.
5	Environment is very shabby with some old chairs and tables. But the price and the taste is amazing.We two ppl ordered 4 things. Huge pancakes, very good omelette and waffle too.Even the oj tastes different. Strongly recommend. Parking is kinda difficult sometimes and only takes cash.
1	After seeing the reviews of this place a friend and I decided to try it. We were completely disappointed and frustrated afterwards. When we first walked in I totally thought of turning around to leave, but I tried not to 'judge a book by its cover'. So we sat down and the service was just terrible. He talked way too fast and barely gave us time to respond. Didn't like him at all. As for the food, we ordered their special - eggs, sausage, American fries, and pancakes. EHHHHH! It was edible, sure, but delicious? Yeahhhh, no. I only ate it because I was really hungry and we had to pay for it anyway. The only positive thing I could say is it is cheap, so if you don't want to spend a lot on breakfast then I GUESS you should visit this place. By the way, CASH ONLY!* Another problem we had here.
4	Sam's Cafe, is a diner our host choose to take us and if you like a good breakfast diner this is your spot!  All I had was coffee cause I'm not a huge breakfast kinda guy... But the Coffee was awesome!  Way better then your normal bottomless pot type diner coffee.The rest of the gang ordered Omelettes,  and French toast and both looked superb..  They were excited by the amount of food you can get for not much moola! Everyone was super stoked about our Sam's stop, and the staff was great and kept my coffee full!
2	I got Sam's French Toast with a side of eggs and the eggs were fine but the french toast mostly tasted of everything else that was on the grill. I think if there were separate grills for meat vs other items it would've been better. Friendly service though.
2	The biggest flaw of this place is the extremely slow wait times. There seems to be only one cook. I set my parking meter to an hour and twenty minutes and it was expired by the time I returned to my car. That meant that we waited around fifty minutes for our food. The staff is relatively amiable. However, I did catch them complaining about a customer who wanted her order done sooner. They talk about that customer as if she was in the wrong. Another problem are the extremely small tables. Its greatest strength are its really good prices. The breakfast special is $4.75 I believe for two eggs, two pancakes, and two sausages or bacon. It costs $6 if you want to include the misnamed American fries and coffee. Their "American" fries is actually very soft hash browns.
4	This place is what it is. A cheap greasy spoon dive with a cash only policy. If that sounds repulsive to you, don't go!If not, go and definitely have the French Toast.Service is ok at best but wth?
4	It's like stepping back in time where diners like this were a staple for breakfast for many. They had many tables in the back where the good old boys were catching up over their breakfasts.  It might look run down or old, but everything looked clean. The server was nice and attentive.  I had the breakfast special with 2 scrambled eggs, crispy bacon, and fluffy pancakes. Nothing fancy, but you could tell the guy at the grill had the experience of cooking many a breakfast like this over the years. Very inexpensive too. You find the bathrooms by going through back door to storage area and it's to your right. Simple food but simply good too.
5	They have the  best French toast. My husband always ordered Denver omelette where we were here. The price is also very reasonable :)
4	The perfect inexpensive diner experience - even though it's a small place, we have been there several times and have never had to wait to sit (including a weekend morning). Don't get me wrong, there's always people there, just always seems to be a table ready!We are not big eaters so we get a half order of French toast, breakfast special, and a side of grits - and split that all between us and our 1 year old daughter. French toast is unique and excellent, and the breakfast special is exactly what it is supposed to be - eggs, sausage (or bacon), toast, American potatoes, and coffee, and prepared how you like it.Everything including a milk for the daughter is $20 with tip.Service is awesome - everyone is super-friendly.1/2 star reserved for the inconvenience of not accepting credit/debit cards - that would make this place 5 stars! For now, make sure you keep an Andrew Jackson on ya!
5	I was skeptical the French toast could be the best in the world. Not anymore though. They were amazing, perfect and the best ive ever had.
1	Please don't go here. The food is the worst I've ever had in my entire life. There is a reason for the low prices the food is god awful. They use margarine instead of butter which we all know is one molecule away from plastic. The bacon is some sort of a pig mixture bacon but definitely not good. Eggs come out of a milk carton. The smell of the coffee was horrible the water was free but it tasted like chlorine. I am sick to my stomach and I only had a few bites of what they call pancakes. I cannot believe this place is still open. Worst breakfast experience in my entire life and I was in the United States Navy.
5	Not fancy but great diner in downtown Champaign. Do the breakfast special with pancakes- pancakes best I ever had! Hint-don't ask for butter on the pancakes, it's already in their with melted butter on top with perfect brownness and crispy edges!
