5	I'd basically given up on good Chinese food in Madison until QQ Express opened up just earlier this week.  During the week, the entree selection offers way more options than you'd see at a some place like Panda Express.   The weekday specials are also very reasonably priced, and offer way more variety and volume for a dollar more than the Subway located next door.  But what keeps me going back is the amazing quality of the food, and the variety on the menu.The Black Pepper chicken has pepper so fresh it's actually still spicy.  And I've had the peanut chicken 2 out of the last 3 days.On weekends, they also have Dim Sum until 3pm.
3	This shop offers pretty good, authentic chinese food. However, I have to say that  most often the food is covered with oil and I don't enjoy that very much. That's really a turn off to me but it has not stopped me from going there for express lunch.
3	It's good to have another place to get a quick lunch around that part of campus, if anything just to avoid having Subway every day. But the food is only OK. There's two or three things I like and they're quite tasty, like the General Tso's chicken and the black pepper pork, but otherwise the options are lacking, and their beef and their seafood tend to be too chewy. Overall, an upgrade over Coreana, the restaurant that used to be there, which had some good food but terrible service, so it took ages to get lunch.
2	Not the greatest food, but it's something a lot of people just put up with because there's no other options on that side if campus... but at least it's edible. Really oily, the peanut chicken was gross... beef and radish was disappointing... General Tzo chicken, chicken and broccoli, black pepper chicken, curry chicken, and sweet and sour chicken are probably your best bets.
2	The food is technically okay here, but it's nothing amazing.  I've ordered a few times here just because it's close to my office on the west side of campus.  I've never been impressed, nor have I been utterly disgusted. For lunch, here's how it works:  This place is downstairs beneath the building that houses Subway and The Library bar.  The only entrance is along University, which leads you directly to a stairway and the basement.  You then enter a pretty long line and are served cafeteria-style.  First you choose if you want rice or noodles, then you choose 2 items off the buffet.  They're pretty clearly marked, which is a good thing.  After you are given your items, you pay $6.70, and either sit down at a table or take your food to go.I tend to stick to the chicken items, as the texture of the cuts of beef they use is not the greatest  Also, vegetarians beware, as I'm pretty sure the ma po tofu has bits of meat in it.  The noodles tend to be a bit greasy too, but the rice options are okay.  They also have the deep fried Chinese mainstays of sesame chicken and the like.  If I were just grading the service aspect of the restaurant, I'd give them 0 stars.  Service isn't as important as food to me, especially when I'm taking the food to go, but every time I've been here I don't really even feel welcomed or thanked because the cashier makes no eye contact nor says a single word to me.The first time I arrived was during a busy lunch period, and there were two women working the front line of the restaurant.  The first woman took my order by barking "noodle or rice!" and then, "2 item!", and once I chose my food the second woman took my credit card and handed it back to me with my receipt without saying a single word or making eye contact.  Today I visited and was served by the same person because it was not as busy, but yet again she made no eye contact and did not say a single word during the transaction.  I don't expect great service, but at least say thanks when I patronize your restaurant?  You'd probably get another star.
3	Quick, cheap, and convenient. Greasy, but hey , you will be stuffed.
2	I've always wondered if QQ Express was related to QQ Asian Buffet. But either way, although it doesn't say much, QQ Express is better than QQ Asian Buffet. The food here is okay at best. There are more authentic dishes here than at QQ Asian Buffet. And like its all-you-can-eat counterpart, the food here can be greasy, but at least it is really cheap, so that's a plus. The other good thing is that if you're in a hurry, you'd be able to get your meal pretty quick here. The owners chose the correct business name because express is definitely an applicable description for this place.
4	Only downside is no delivery
5	Peanut chicken was great. Crispy chicken on the outside, tender on the inside. Delic!
3	There's this movie called Big Trouble in Little China. Kurt Russell plays a truck driver with a mullet and a best friend that owns a Chinese restaurant. I know the movie is set in 1980s San Francisco Chinatown, but I like to think that it's actually QQ Express.QQ is quintessentially Chinese American. This isn't the Chinese American at the mall, but Chinese American with loud ladies yelling "next?!" over and over through a busy lunch service. There are steam trays full of food, but they're constantly being emptied and refilled. It's not appealing to Americans. They are unfazed. The lunch line is full of fobby* kids and engineers. None of them care, or, if they did care, knew how to express it.The food is kind of the same way. Chinese American. I watched a youtube video about Asian parents complaining about things. "American food is too sweet". This food is definitely too sweet. I wonder if someone in the restaurant could put together something amazing, but since I only have thirty minutes between classes, I will never find out.*Sorry
4	This place offers Chinese dishes that many other Madison take out places do not have. It is the only place outside of Chinese buffets that has Black Pepper Chicken (which is delicious, btw) and also the only place that has Peanut Chicken, which is also really, really good. They also have beef and pork dishes, but I've never tried those as the 2 aformentioned entrees are too good to pass up. For $6.70 you get 2 entrees plus a healthy portion of white or fried rice or lo mein. Great lunch option.
1	If I were ever going to write a one word Yelp review, it would be right here, and that word would simply be "Eww!". But I won't do that here.The one time I went to QQ, it was on a Friday night while I was doing late night grind for my job. I needed some edible fuel, and remembered that QQ is the closest place that's actually open and isn't Subway. So I go down to the steps, and come in and see a nearly empty restaurant, with two employees just staring me down. All of the food was before me, as it was just in heated trays, much like what you would see in a food court. At this point, I was considering walking back out to the surface, but figured I may as well trudge on, since I have no other options. So, I look through the options, and come to find that as a vegetarian, I have one option: The tofu. I ask for it to go, and get it in the usual plastic bag and styrofoam box. When I get back to my office, I look in the bag, and a large portion of the sauce was just seeping out of the box, onto the bag, and soon after my desk. I get that mistakes happen, but still, it's a bummer.Now that I have the food and am situated, I start eating. It doesn't take me long after to chuck 3/4ths of my meal in the garbage. The tofu tasted so slimy and bland, even with the MSG filled sauce packets, and it smelled slightly rancid. The noodles that came as a side were really stiff and dry, like they were cooked for maybe a minute. It takes A LOT to get me to throw non-spoiled food away, but QQ managed to do the unthinkable. Hats off to ya QQ, because I might've needed to vomit in said hat if I actually finished that meal.
4	Good price, tasty food. On the greasier side of things, set up kind of similar to a Panda Express.  The staff are quick to get you your food from the display  and give you generous portions. If you enjoy Chinese food, I'd recommend you stop by.
4	great for price
4	This is a Panda Express type restaurant (order white/fried rice or low mein and two main dishes moving down the line and you walk away with a styrofoam container) but with way better food and more of it. I have been here many many times and have rarely been disappointed. I'm pretty sure I have tried every dish but my favorites are the lo mein, green beans, and peanut chicken.During the school this place is packed at almost exactly noon so its best to show up at 11 or a little later in the day (1-2) to avoid the rush.The staff may come off as a little gruff at times but if you go enough you'll know that isn't really the case. They seem to be like most people, generally friendly but have their grumpy days. So don't be offended if they seem to be hurrying you along.The food can be a bit heavy/oily so don't be afraid to space out the frequency in which your visit or save half your meal for later (I know how hard that can be!), your stomach may be thanking you later!Please bring back the vegetable delight with tofu that you replaced with mushrooms! I don't have any hankering typically for tofu as it is a flavorless gelatinous mass, but in the vegetable delight it was very delicious. However, sometime in the past year or so they replaced the tofu with mushrooms and the dish does not taste nearly as good (perhaps they did something else as well...) which is too bad as that was a delicious lighter option.So in summary, this place gives you lots of food for a good price and is a nice place to grab a quick lunch.
3	A place that's been around for a few years now. I used to go there with a Chinese friend and co-worker of mine pretty frequently, and had quite a number of nice dishes including steamed egg and roasted duck. Many dishes are greasy, including the 'main course' of stir-fry noodles or fried rice. So despite being a huge fan of noodles, I opt for their white rice for almost every visit.I find their dishes to be pretty decent actually, though I really wished it wasn't all that greasy. So for that reason I would say select your food wisely, or eat it over multiple meals. Some of the better items I have had in addition to those mentioned earlier are the peanut chicken and their gigantic meatballs. Their beef, tomato and egg stir fry is pretty good too. QQ is an alternative to Ginger Root for Chinese food in terms of location, being just across the street. It gives you a wider selection of items at the comparable price. If you are looking for some variation on campus and don't mind the greasy food or the occasional cravings, this is something to consider.
