3	The new owner has had this place for at least a year. They have yet to change the old Nicki Lee's sign which is out front. The menus are ripped up and falling apart, showing the new owner doesn't care about appearances. We come here because the pizza is delicious and their wings are great too. I hope their kitchen is clean, looking around here I think this place would be perfect for that Bar Renovation show on T.V.!
4	Come one come all Cornhusker fans!!! This is the place!!!Bar food is bar food- but this place ranks higher. The nachos were fresh, pretzel bites DELISH!
5	This is just a review of Bentley's during a Nebraska football game. Granted, I'm sure this large sports bar has something to offer for pretty much any sports fan because they have TVs, both large and very large ALL over the place. The food is pretty much your standard bar food (wings, pizza, burgers etc). But come Saturday when college football is in full swing, this place literally becomes a microcosm of Lincoln, Nebraska. Tables are assembled end to end to maximize capacity and don't forget to wear your Big Red shirts! Or if you want, you can buy from the merch table which has a wide selection of "Las Vegas Nebraskan" shirts and hats. There was cheering. There was yelling. There was chanting, singing...heck, there was even a cardboard Bo Pelini kitty! I'd estimate that there were between 200-300 Husker fans here. Whether you're a Las Vegan or a tourist, all you really have to be is a fan of Big Red! I highly recommend trying this out.
2	College football themed dive bar check-list...- Lots of TVs - Smokey smell in the air- Chicken fingers with a smattering of sauces- Menus made of paper and stapled together- Sassy waitresses- Dark and depressing- The, "Why am I here vibe"- Random silverware on the floor- Nebraska memorabilia EVERYWHERE- Old salty customers... And pretty much all the bad stuff that they never show you in "Cheers", but the food is ok.
3	Normally I wouldn't really look twice at a random sports bar, but there aren't a ton of places in LV (especially in my neighborhood) where you can bring kids and watch football. Bentley's gets points there because it's not super smoky, they serve food, and it's never packed, so there's plenty of space for the kids to move around if they want.It's a pretty good place to watch football because there are lots of tvs and you can get a speaker for your table if you ask.Bonus for the patio outside, looking at Sunset Park.However, they lose points several other places: the management (after 2-ish years) has yet to change the outside sign from Nikki Lee's to Bentley's. It's dark and dirty-feeling inside. Food is a little high priced.They can't even bother to print out a nice-looking menu at FedEx and have it laminated. Instead they give you a photocopied version of the old one, stapled together (seriously).So overall, Bentley's is kinda divey (which is not my scene), but due to it's family-ish atmosphere, we'll probably be back.
