5	For those of you that know me...this is one of my favorite places to shop...Buckle.First, they have frequencly cards. I think after you spend $100 bucks, then you get $10 off your next purchase. ( I don't really remember how much)Second, the employees work on commission. Yeah it gets annoying. All you want to buy is a pair of jeans, and they keep throwing a shirt in your face that 'matches' the jeans.But really, you walk in, they introduce themselves. You let them know you want to buy 2 jeans...and only 2 jeans...they will help you.My favorite part:You pick a pair of jeans. The legs fit fine, but not the butt. You tell the person helping you. They bring you 3 pairs back. Then you try the 3, and find one that fits, but its too dark of blue. You tell the person, they bring you 4 back. You find the right color, but you don't like the pocket design. They bring you 3 more to pick out of. Then you find the perfect one, with the right fit, the right color, and a cool pocket design.They seem not to mind refolding clothes here! I just love their service, and everyonce in a while their great deals.
5	The sales people are really well trained and friendly.  They do a great job helping you to find the perfect fit of jeans.  The return policies are great - no hassle.  The quality of the jeans and shirts is great.  I would definetely recommend this place for a great pair of jeans!
5	I love this location!  I've been to several Buckles in the valley and this one is the best by far.  I do appreciate a great salesperson and they do a great job.  If you like fashion, this place is a must.  Just let  them know your likes and what you love to wear and they'll get you some options.  They like to sell so they'll let you know you look great. I appreciate a honest person who says that looks terrible and will help you get a better fit.  This place does just that.  Get your punch card, they'll combine them if you forget.  They hem for free. They'll mail you out your purchase as well for an additional $5.
1	Tried to return a pair of jeans there today that werent me. Told me I could not return them without a punchcard they had given me. I think they were just trying to avoid a return. I don't live near this place so it was a hassle to drive out of my way. The stuff about the punchcard was not in their online return policy nor on the receipt that it been printed out at the store I bought them from. Pretty poor customer service from a place that I thought was pretty good.i'm not sure why they're worried about a punchcard that isn't even worth $10 yet because it's not all the way punched when all this does is assure that I'll never return to that store.
