5	I had a huge event that I was hosting and was planning on not messing with my hair.  I quickly discovered that was not acceptable under Nicole's watch!  She brought be in before my event and transformed me into a beautiful swan.   I was very impressed with the time and attention she spent on making me look amazing!  The products she uses are chemical free and her salon is top notch beautiful!   I highly recommend her to everyone who is looking to have their hair done.
5	Nicolle is wonderful and a very talented hairdresser! Please check her out you will be so grateful you did!
5	Nicolle is amazing in hair coloring, cutting & nails. She gives #1 treatment to all her clients. She gives you hand massage while you are getting your hair done. She uses high end products. She has exclusive line of nail polishes & hair products. I love going to Nicolle because I always get VIP treatment . She is very professional & charming. Her work is amazing.
5	I found Nicolle through the MgM hotels. She did my hair and makeup for my wedding. She also did my bridal party and for my engagement shoot. I must say I was so worried I wouldn't have perfect hair but she is so attentive and pays so much detail to every single need! she even works with your friends and family out of town with phone consultations and emails you! I put her through so much stress being a total bride I'll a but everything worked out and I have the prettiest wedding pictures ever! She just recently did my ombre when my friend messed up my hair and I can't believe how gorgeous it looks. Her hair products make your hair so soft and they are organic. She used her ammonia free color line on me because I had a cancer scare a few times and so I feel totally safe with any and all things she offers. It's so hard to find hair salons that are eco friendly.But the best part of this salon is the 5 star customer service. She starts by offering 10 different teas and does a very thorough consultation. She then performs her service and while I process with color she cleans my wedding rings and massages my hands! She even offers to file my nails at no charge.There are like a million things this woman does for her customers. Like when she massages you my friends and I joke she has miracle massage hands because she gives a mind blowing neck and scalp massage at the shampoo bowl too. Basically she takes care of your every need head to toes!And to top it off It think she is the sweetest person I have ever met in my entire life, and so Beautiful! I'm from Vegas and she's the nicest person that I've met who has moved here from San Diego. So her salon is a hidden gem but give her the time of day she deserves and she will blow your mind!I even sent my husband to get his hair cut and it was the best cut he ever had...He looks so sex now and I didn't have to feel jealous some gorgeous woman was doing his hair because she's so professional and amazingly sweet. I love that about her.Also her hair and makeup team is phenomenal! They are all professional punctual and hilarious!Look at her work and call her now
5	I was THRILLED with the transformation that Nicolle made with my hair.  She demonstrated  tremendous professionalism and expressed extensive knowledge about the health of hair and why its important. She took her time to give me what I wanted while also suggesting things that would compliment my skin tone and face shape (which is soo important.). She is truly a blessing. I walked out feeling and looking amazing...!!!! I will continue to recommend her to everyone!
5	Very personable, courteous, and professional. Nicolle offers a hot cup of tea, with great conversation ever time my husband and I get our hair did. I'm all about using good quality products that don't harm me or my hair and she has just that. If you have any questions she's a wonderful certified educator! Thanks Nicolle for always providing top notice services.
