5	I love this place. They have every level of tanning bed, red light therapy, and custom spray tanning. The beds are kept clean and the staff is friendly and helpful. I've tried several tanning Salons in Vegas and Sunkissed is by far my favorite.
5	When I spray tan, I prefer custom airbrushing. It's just better. I have tried a few different places and they were all fine, but Sunkissed stood out above the rest.The girl (Renee?) that helped me was so friendly and professional, but best of all, I LOVED the color!! I chose the "dark" and was a little afraid that it would be too dark ... but nope. Absolutely perfect. I bought a package and will make this my salon of choice.
5	So I know this guy.....he went here a couple of times before a trip to Cancun, wanted to make sure he had a good base tan....yeah that's what he told me. He said the the receptionist was perfect and the place was very clean and easy in and out type of deal. The lotion there is priced well he thinks and would recommend this tanning salon to other men not afraid to get naked in a glass chamber to change their skin color.
5	See...I'm pretty simple when it comes to tanning salons. Give me a good monthly deal, CLEAN tanning beds that functions perfect (no missing bulbs etc...) and I'll be a happy camper.And Sunkissed Tanning meets my expectations. If you check-in from your phone, you get a 10% off coupon that's good for one session/package. Whoever was at the desk that day was really friendly, helpful and informative. He did not try to upsell anything nor was he pushy. He truthfully told me that depending on how often you would LIKE to tan, was which monthly package I should purchase. I ended up choosing a level 1 monthly package and with my 10% off, it came out to be $49. There were beds always available plus all the bulbs were all in working order. None of them were ever out or missing.You get in, get your tan on, and get out.I like to try out different tanning salons around the area, but if I don't find anything better...I'll def be back.
1	What a let down. When I walked in, the girl on the phone was borderline yelling at someone on the phone, then snapped at me for my last name when I said I was a new customer. I thought things would turn around then, but guess not. The place is dirty with old, chipped paint. Super cheesy. Again, seemed dirty.  Kristin basically made me beg for info. No tour. No explanation on the beds. No tutorial on the 1990 boom box behind the bed. Totally janky. I don't know how this place is so highly rated. For a $20 bed, I felt like I was in a $3 bed. Oh, and they don't bother to update their Yelp check in offer. Thumbs down.
1	I went to this salon for the first time and it would be my last. The costumer service is 0. I got my spray tan and they didnt do the shade i asked for, i looked like a potato, and oh when i told them they got all attitude with me and still made me pay, i have never been so upset in my life and now i have to go with two weeks looking ridiculous. Dont waste your time with this place, because if they mess up they will make it all your fault and you will be the liar. I give it 0 ZERO STARS
1	CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS!!!! AND IT'S THE OWNER!I would give this tanning salon a deserving ZERO if there was an option based on the customer service alone. Buyers beware do NOT buy the Groupon mystic tan deal its ultimately a rip off. I bought a 3 pack mystic tan off Groupon and thought I would give this place a shot. What is NOT in the fine print is that you must pay an additional $5 to upgrade to dark color so the deal on Groupon turns out to be not so hot after all. Downfall number one...1st and 2nd visit I waited about 30 mins for both. No big deal compared to last visit. The 3rd visit was what really pushed me over the edge and is the sole reason why I would rate this salon a big ZERO if it were an option. 3rd and last visit goes like this... I walk in and there is not a single soul working the front desk and no signage directing customers to wait for someone to help them etc...  So I sit for about 5 mins and get up in an attempt to start finding someone. I follow the voices and ease drop just enough to make out that there is a custom spray tan in progress. When the owner finishes she walks up front, see's me sitting there, doesn't say sorry for the wait, nothing! Just then a small group of men walk in and she begins to check them all in before helping me. WTH???! Meanwhile I've now been waiting for a good 20 mins, no apologies for the wait and starts to check in an entire group before me. My patience has worn out by now and I cut in to ask her to check me in. She then states "the mystic tan is down"! Ok... I explain to her that I have one more spray tan left in my prepaid 3 tan series and I need to get a spray tan for my show that night. She then got super defensive and snippy with me and restated the above as if I didn't hear her the first time only this time it was much louder. I am not deaf lady, there is no need to raise your voice!I proceeded to ask for a refund and she rudely told me she doesn't do refunds. Mind you, this is the OWNER!!! Moral of the story people... And I really hope the owner reads this review. You didn't have get obnoxiously rude and snippy. When people prepay for a service and as a business you simply can't keep your end of the bargin, it is your responsibility to make it right. Either nicely offer the client a refund so they can go somewhere else OR offer to give them a custom spray tan. Its really that simple! After the owner escalated the situation with her attitude, I told her I was going to express my thoughts on Yelp. Then... she told me she WAS going to offer a custom spray tan. Sorry lady, a little too late!  I'm sure this won't come as surprise to you especially after reading some of the other reviews. Looks like others have the same experience with you. Might want to check those poor customer service skills at the door and drop the attitude!
