4	Judge this book by it's cover at your own peril!  It's not pretty on the outside.  It's not pretty on the inside.  Once you put your knife and fork to work, you will be planning what to order the next time you return!
5	Let's cut to the chase... this is the best Mexican in Charlotte!I started eating here about '92, and back then it was frequent I was the only English-speaking person in the place, and the wait-staff were Spanish-speaking only.  The Decor was terrible, but the food terrific.They've changed it all immensely, and now there's always a good mix of American and Hispanic customers.  The food quality is always, 100% fresh and exceptional, and while the Wait-staff is seldom overly friendly, they're always polite.Back in '98 I had the chance to eat at Tacqueria Mexico for dinner one night, got on a plane the next day to Arizona, and late that day was eating on the top of a mountain in Puerta Penasco, Mexico.  I can say with authority the food tasted exactly the same!So, if you're interested in truly authentic Mexican in Charlotte, you owe it to yourself to try this place! As mentioned by other reviewers, it's nothing special to look at, but it's what's inside that counts!
3	This one is a solid two and a half But I clicked three. There are a few much more excellent authentic Mexican eateries here in Charlotte IMO. So after reading reviews here on yelp, this one was not a wow. Far from it. First off the place is dirty. EWWWW. The two times we went, there were other tables in there, so according to that and the other reviews here, fans do exist but don't count me in. I mean, it was not the worst but that's about all I can say. The prices are not that big but neither are the portions. The overall taste, was about three stars says A-OK. Price was on par with portion-minimal, so three stars. Decor, was about three stars only cause I like the colorful tables but the dirt and dust and cobwebs we observed knocked it down. Service was? Huh? Nothing memorable.
3	Cute, colorful taqueria, great staff, large menu, decent veg selection. Service is very quick. But the flavors seem hurried, not thought out - ranchero sauce is canned, diced tomatoes, little else - salsa verde lacks the tangy umph that is oh so important. Portions are surprisingly small for the money. Like a number of taquerias along South, it seems this place is shooting for authentic Mex, and only achieving above-average Tex Mex. Burritos are good, but small, and smothered in what seems to be pureed ancho chili, yet somehow not spicy. I won't be trekking across town for a tiny plate of overpriced, under sauced chilaquiles again, but would come here if I was suffering such a craving for 'ritos that I couldn't stand a 15 minute drive.
5	It's the small places that surprise you and this is one of those places.  If you are looking for REAL authentic Mexican food then you have come to the right place.  Yes, it's in a dingy strip mall along busy South Blvd., but don't let that stop you from coming here.  They are really friendly here, laid back, the service is fast, and most of all - the food is awesome.  Love the various salsa dips they serve with the tortilla chips.  There are some vegetarian options on their menu.  My favorite is the spinach wet burrito.  One unusual thing in this restaurant that I like is the wash sink that is outside the bathrooms.  It makes it hassle free to wash your hands.  I wish they had an outdoor patio, but in its current location that probably wouldn't work.
1	I can't even believe this is the same place we are all reviewing. I went last Thursday with my co-workers and was promised authentic, cheap, hole-in the wall in all its glory Mexican food.While I will say the decor and weight staff seemed authentic - the food tasted horrible.We were given three salsas. The first was a bit too spicy for my taste ( I am a solid medium fan) , the second was normal salsa but nothing to rave about, and the third tasted like my co-worker said  "a Bloody Mary on my chip" basically entirely too watery. I ordered a beef Chimichanga. Now a Chimichanga should be crispy as it is fried but this fell flat- it tasted like it was reheated in a microwave! The meat itself was scary looking (wasnt ground-or really shredded either just gross chunks ...yucky). 7 out of 8 of us made comments about the scary looking meat that filled our various Mexican entrees. I was told the chicken tasted like Chinese food -take that as you will. The rice and beans were the one part I did enjoy.Overall my meal was $10 - and yucky. I will not be going back.
5	I have been eating here for years. This is real Mexican food. Let me give you a couple of pointers...  Taqueria means Taco Stand. So order tacos!  They have had real soft corn tortilla tacos since they opened. I find it interesting that lots of restaurants are adding these to their menu now. I like the steak tacos they best. Tacos asada!Also... They have margaritas now!
5	I absolutely love the wet burrito - the best I've had in Charlotte
4	Hola, comida deliciosa! Talk about generous portions, affordable prices, and great flavor...yes, please! After reading previous reviews, I wasn't sure what to expect. However, in my experience the place was very clean. In fact, the servers were cleaning off tables when we entered and when we were leaving they were wiping down the menus. They stayed busy cleaning. Extra plus in my book. The portions must have changed too. Like I mentioned, they were good sized and I left with a too-full belly. The veggie burrito was huge and around $5...for dinner! The salsas were good, chips fresh, and I really liked the individual salsa cups with a mini jar to pour your own. I really liked the bright colors and the art on the booths; it made the ambiance cheerful. The service was very friendly too. Need to catch up on a novela? It's playing in the corner. If you are in need of some chicle, you're in luck, they have that at the cash register. Tip: No rush to pay, just go to the register when you're ready. What a difference a year makes! I think this place has turned things around and I plan to return.
4	Our favorite mexican joint in Charlotte. Good flavor and great prices. My wife and I can eat, have a few beers and walk out for $25. Not too bad.
4	I'm not sure how two years have passed without this place appearing on the work lunch radar, but better late than never, I suppose. Located in the O'Reilly Auto Parts strip mall just north of Arrowood on South Blvd, the Taqueria is as bright inside as it is uninspiring and, well, strip mall-y on the outside. That brightness comes from the paint job on the booths and table & chairs, representing all the (particularly loud) shades of the rainbow. Cynics could say it cheapens the look of the place but, c'mon, you're in a super affordable taco joint! Have fun with it. I will say, though, that one set of chairs has a giraffe and elephant painted on the back, and both of those animals stared at me the whole time I was eating. A little freaky because they're hanging out on the wrong continent and all. Also, a Mexican Star Search-esque show was on the TV; not my personal first (or second) choice, but it honestly enhanced the "little neighborhood shop" feel. I paid $6 for lunch, including my tip, and thought it was terrific. I had two tacos - one chorizo and one spicy pork - both with cheese, lettuce, and tomato. Note, as they state on the menu, that those extra three toppings cost $0.50 per taco. I'm guessing if you get them without you just get lime and cilantro. For me, it was worth the try. Both versions of the taco had meat had a fine-chop consistency - not ground, but still far smaller pieces than chopped BBQ pork shoulder, if that makes any sense. You get a choice of corn or flour tortillas, and I took the latter. They double-up on the corn ones to prevent the always depressing breakage. Both the chorizo and spicy pork had a great mix of spice and were both bright and savory. I probably could've had a third but the free, warm nacho chips were were a good way to start (and finish) the meal. They provide three salsas, and the one served in the largest amount (a carafe!) offered the only disappointment for the meal. It had cilantro and garlic pieces in it, but this stuff tasted like straight tomato juice. Perhaps I was doing it wrong, but trying it straight was not good at all. I hope it was just a bad batch lacking flavor, but heed this warning to avoid applying the red salsa to your food before trying a small sample. Mixing it with the other two options provided a good topping for both my chips and tacos. There was a green salsa - far spicier than your common salsa verde - and a burnt orange one that was a little smokey and spicy, though less of both than you'd expect from a chipotle salsa. In all, I am happy to have found a place that has fast, friendly service, unpretentious decor, and a menu with enough variety to allow me to try something new (and probably delicious) for a dozen more visits. With 10+ taco options, another 10 burritos, and a number of other plates I didn't take a lot of time to read for a lunch order, this place won't disappoint anyone in the mood for authentic Mexican food.
3	I had a really hard time deciding between 3 and 4 stars here.  The atmosphere, staff, and food are exactly what I'd expect from an authentic Mexican joint.  I currently smell like I was fried in a basket of chips...so...sounds about right.The positives:Nice beef burrito, good tasting tomale, English/Spanish barrier (a good thing in my book), the smell of the place, the decor, and how busy it was.The negatives:The cheese enchilada, the salsas, the chips were not fresh, and the enchilada sauce is from a bag or can.Sounds like alot of positives AND negatives huh?  Overall it's good.  This is what Mexican food is supposed to taste like.  Just like real New York pizza is not going to the be the best you've ever eaten.  It is what it is.  I'd definitely go back to Taqueria again.  I think I'm going to have to test drive their Carnitas or Menudo before I decide to add another star...but I'll be back.
2	We had moved from California two months earlier and were craving an authentic Mexican food experience.  Upon pulling into the parking lot, we had high hopes based on the location - we're convinced that the tastiness of Mexican food is directly correlated to the dodginess of its location.  Taqueria Mexico is located in an ugly little strip mall where the biggest store sells auto parts - PERFECT.Sadly, the location belied the actual food experience.  My husband had the wet deluxe burrito; since I'm pregnant, I had to forgo my favorite huevos rancheros for a mushroom quesadilla.  I also ordered a side of rice and beans to share with our toddler, since for some reason that particular quesadilla did not come with it (other quesadillas did, though).My husband doesn't talk too much about his food, but 95 percent of the time whatever he is eating is "AMAZING."  I have literally never seen him dislike Mexican food, and we've been to a great number of taquerias together.  Burritos are either "amazing" or "that was the best burrito I've ever had."  He declared his burrito here "not that great."I'll be a little more descriptive about my quesadilla.  It was terrible.  The mushrooms were canned, and I absolutely hate canned mushrooms.  You really can tell, people.  The cheese - I don't even know if it actually had cheese.  The "cheese" filling had the texture of watered-down sour cream and did not act like any cheese I've seen, ever.  There was what was supposed to be guacamole on the side, and I really do not think it was guacamole.  It was almost translucent, and bore no resemblance to any guac I have ever seen.  It did not taste at all like avocado.The beans were refried, and they were so intensely salty I didn't even want my kid to eat them.  Luckily he didn't like them.After reading all the good reviews I was surprised to have such a bad meal here.  Maybe it was an off day, or maybe our expectations are just too high after so much amazing California Mexican food.  We're hoping to find a good equivalent someday, but will keep looking.
5	Best Mexican food I've had since I lived in Tucson.  It is in an ugly little strip mall but that's just part of the charm.  My favorite is the wet burrito.  I highly recommend to anyone that likes authentic street corner Mexican food.
5	This is THE best Mexican food in Charlotte.  It is extremely rare for me to never have a bad experience at a restaurant, so Taqueria Mexico is the exception rather than the rule.  It isn't fancy, they didn't waste a bunch of money on making it look pretty, they just cook great food, everyday.  I recommend the carnitas, either the plain or the red or the green.  Beware on the red however, it is spicy, it will creep up on you, it is basically their pork tips slow simmered in a spicy chipotle sauce.  They serve it with either corn or flour tortillas, with rice and beans and all the good stuff to make little tacos out of your platter.I read on here that their portions aren't big.  Which is true, they are a normal size portion, which is smart, generally there is a lot of wasted rice and beans at a restaurant like this.  Personally I love the portion size, it is just enough to fill me and I don't feel stuffed like a relleno afterwards.The burritos area great, but it's a burrito, you can get that anywhere, try something different when you are at an authentic place.  As for the bar, not too many options, but I'm usually busy drinking salsa at this place.Just phenomenal.  It's that place where I can look at my wife and say "I'm craving..." and she will answer "Taqueria."Try it, if you don't like it you should probably stick to On the Border, or another pre-processed gringo-safe TexMex restaurant.L'chaim!
4	The tacos are excellent. Had the asada and al pastor. Also had the beef wet burrito. The salsa is fresh, hot and good. The service is very good and the place is clean as a whistle.  We will be back for sure!
4	Try the choriso cheese dip- so good! Also very good carnitas y al pastor. Margaritas are pretty good too.Great friendly service.Don't be scared away by the the nighborhood or exterior of the strip mall- this place has great authentic style Mexican food!
5	Taqueria Mexico is a refreshing little spot out South Boulevard serving up authentic, homey Mexican cuisine. We were pleasantly surprised with the trio of salsas, including a tasty green tomatillo along with as many chips as you can handle. The tacos are a real standout here, especially the shrimp taco. The wet burrito was very good as well, with a piquant sauce and melted cheese giving it that extra touch. The menu here is huge and I look forward to returning. The prices are also very reasonable and I'm sure the larger dishes would be enough for 2 to share. I am still on the lookout for additional great Mexican spots in Charlotte, but I'm glad to have added Taqueria Mexico to my regular rotation!
4	Delicious, inexpensive Mexican food. I especially enjoyed the tamal (filled with pork) and the refried beans, which were some of the best I've ever eaten. The rice and enchilada were standard, but still tasty. The three salsas that were served at the beginning were extremely delicious, and we got a second basket of chips after we finished our meal just to enjoy the trio further.
5	Excellent authentic mexican food.  I ordered the tacos al pastor, tacos de cabeza, tacos de lengua, and tacos tripita with an icy horchata.  The horchata came in a huge glass and was delicious.  The tacos were perfect.
1	I was not a fan, I ordered the taco plate with different meats and they were all very dried out and tasteless. The rice tasted old and the refried beans were eh. My friend raves about this place and its not one I would go back to. Not sure if it was an off day or what, the resturant was not busy... our server never came back after the food came out... we had to go find somebody to give us the check.
5	Hands down the best tacos in Charlotte.  Try the Al Pastor, a spicy pork taco.  I've also had the Pollo soup and the scrabbled eggs with Chorizo.  If you want authentic, then this is it. The service is always great too.  All the ladies speak great English so you won't feel intimidated.  And they are really polite.  So if you're in the area and you want some good, scratch that... GREAT Mexican food then come check this place out.
5	We've gotten takeout here before, but it was my first time for a sit-down meal.  GREAT!  No complaints, great food, pleasant service, reasonable prices, and a huge variety, some things I haven't seen on other Mexican menus before.  What's not to love?   This may be my go-to place for Mexican for awhile as I want to try so many things on the menu.
4	Real solid mexican food waaay down South Blvd.  The decor is busy and festive and so are the staff.  I've been down to Mexico for lunch a few times and always left happy and satisfied.I like the combo dishes, anything that involves a chile relleno and enchiladas or flautas.Apart from doing all the basic entrees right, this place have excellent tortilla chips and salsa, and there's plenty of it.Come here with your friends and have a good time.
5	Spinach Wet Burrito!
4	I've been coming here for over 15 years and still love my bean wet burritos! This place a small "authentic" Mexican restaurant where you can venture out of your usual arroz con pollo and try some more of the unusual Mexican dishes such as cabeza (head), lengua (tongue), and tripa (tripe). Not feeling that adventurous? That's okay.. they have lots more yummy dishes to try!
5	Excellent food and service. You won't go wrong here. The tacos are superb and the salsa tasty. You get three types of salsa ranging from mild to hot and the hot is picante! Be careful if you don't like it hot, but if you do, you won't be disappointed. A very pleasant place and highly recommended!
5	Had the pleasure of popping in here for lunch today. I was extremely happy that I did since I've been seeking a solid taqueria in Charlotte for the last few months. I originally thought I'd try my hand down Central but to my surprise this little gem called Taqueria Mexico was right under my nose (i.e. down the block from where I take real estate classes) the whole time!In the spirit of what it is I couldn't help but order an onslaught of tacos for this lunch adventure. I went for a variety with steak, spicy pork, chicken and shrimp (that's 4 tacos) and paid just around $6 which I didn't think was bad at all! Not to mention, these guys were loaded with all the good stuff. All the meat was perfectly spiced and I always appreciate an "oh so thin" but double wrapped corn tortilla taco. To add to this already delightful slathering of taco bliss was the trio of salsas. Of course, the hotter the better which means I was particularly fond of the spicier of the three.All in all some great authentic Mexican food and THE place for tacos as far as I've experienced in Charlotte. The next time I'm here Ill be ordering a burrito as per the many positive reviews I've seen from others. Until next time, adios!
5	I was very happy to be back here today. It's been too long for sure! As promised, I grabbed myself one of the wet burritos from the menu and it was just as delicious as everyone else has proclaimed. I went with the burrito with the rice and beans on the outside. The sauce over the top was great and I am a huge fan of the three salsas they provide. I was sure to load my burrito up with the hottest one they provide. Really really happy with the quality, price and service here. I'm quite sure I won't be able to stay away from this place for very long!
5	Taqueria Mexico is a hole in the wall nowhere near anything I usually frequent in Charlotte, but it's a top-notch find.I'd say it's the best authentic mexican food in town, hands down. The chile relleno is one of the best I've had anywhere. I also LOVE their huevos rancheros and huevos a la mexicana. So delicious!Chips and salsa is plentiful, including a spicy and amazing tomatillo salsa. They also have a fire roasted smoked salsa, with a lot of heat and flavor (though, truth be told, I'm not a fan of smoked anything, so I stick with the salsa verde and the traditional tomato salsa).Friendly staff, delicious home-made food. Really, you can't go wrong with anything here!!!
3	Got a wet chicken burrito, this means covered in sauce. Was okay. Free chips and salsa, salsa was watery. Sweet tea was yummy.
5	Excellent food and friendly service.  Might have the appearance of nothing from the outside but definitely worth the trip in.  The chips and salsa are spot on ranging from mild to hot.  Plates are filled with generous portions and very authentic.
5	I recently moved here from LA, so my mexican food standards are pretty high.  So far this is my favorite place in Charlotte, I come here every 1 or 2 months. The food is great and the prices are great.  Their salsas are fantastic, traditional mexican salsas  as good as any in LA, warning they are a little hot on the hot side, my husband loves them,  I always asked for mild and that is about the most heat I can handle. My only complaint is that their margaritas are weak, they need to work on them.
5	Great food at a great price!We were immediately welcomed the moment we walked in. Grab a menu and you seat yourself. Small location but had such a great chill vibe. Waitress came by and took our drinks. Soon after our food orders and within moments the food came out hot and ready. Fajitas and the taco salad were absolutely delicious. If nothing else give those a shot. If you're looking for good food at a reasonable price you'll find it here.
5	If your looking for authentic food this is the place to go to! It is not super fancy but the people who work here are very warm and friendly! I was brought warm chips and three different types of salsas that were very good! I ordered the bean wet burrito it was amazing!!! It was stuffed with refried beans, rice, cilantro, and onions, topped off with a good Red sauce and cheese and sour cream! I will definitely be back to this place !!!
5	This is not an upscale Mexican restaurant, hole in the wall kind of place but don't get fooled by its appearance. This is the place where you get the best chicken tacos ever. Simple tacos on small fresh made soft tortilla, chicken, onions and lime. Add fresh cilantro and you are in food heaven. How much does it cost? Mind blowing $1.75 per taco. The servers are very friendly. The complimentary chips and salsa is too good. Today we tried sopes... Mmmmmm goodness!! Their wet burrito are super too. All in all, not a single item we tried on the menu so far is bad. Oh and how can I end the review without mentioning their home made flan... :-)
4	Went here for the first time based on the yelp reviews, was looking for a good local mexican place to satisfy my mexican food craving. The restaurant is in a small strip mall, and has a small authentic vibe. The two waitresses were very nice, and took our drink order immediately. I got the wet chicken burrito, and my boyfriend got 3 tacos and guacamole. Just as a tip, the guac is basic without any tomatoes, onions, or peppers in it, but still very good. The wet burrito has amazing, I only ate about half and was full. My boyfriend enjoyed his tacos very much. The prices cannot be beat either! The only grip I have is after the waitress took our plates away, she didn't bring the check or instruct us how to pay. We sat there for about 10 minutes then finally asked about it, and you have to go to the register at the front to get your check and pay. Not a huge deal, just would have been nice to be told that.Overall good experience with authentic mexican food!
1	I used to really love this place. Authentic dishes. Great prices. However sanitation has gone to shit. They just got an 84 grade. Inspector's comments indicate they lack basic food handling safety understanding. Since their rate has been falling the past year or so, I assume they don't care anymore. No longer a customer. Adios Taqueria Mexico.
5	This is one of my favorite authentic Mexican places in Charlotte.  So far, I've only tried the tacos, but they are outstanding.  Their shells are fresh and seem to taste better than taco shells at other places I've been.  I took my parents here recently for dinner, and the service was outstanding.  My dad asked for a special order of guacamole with no onions and they whipped up a batch just for him.  Later when he ordered his tacos, the server even remembered to leave the onions off without him asking!I can't wait to go back and try some of their other items.
2	Food was okay ... There was never anyone checking on me  to see if I needed anything like a napkin, sauce or a refill of drink ... Restaurant is nice ... Average I would say on this visit ... Nothing special about it .  The salsa was extremely watery and the Taquitas were very dry ... Can't comment on much more as I never got a chance to order anything else as the waitstaff was non-existent ...I came I ate I left ... Not bad but lots of room for improvement if I was to come back for more ... I can get (  ignored ) that kinda service at home ... Disappointed
5	I just moved to charlotte from southern California, a Mexican food mecca, a few months ago and this has been the closest thing to awesome Mexican food I have had. I was super hungry and got 3 tacos and a torta. All super good, highly recommend it.
4	This is the best Mexican food I've had in Charlotte since moving here from California. Having lived in LA, I have very high standards as far as Mexican food is concerned. Their staff is very friendly and greet you as soon as you come in. I've had their asada, carnitas and chorizo tacos and they're okay. Their chile rojo is pretty good, it's also really spicy so if you can't take heat I'd stay away from that. Their chile verde is okay. I had their chile rojo wet burrito and it was pretty good as well. I was hesitant after reading all the mixed reviews but decided to give them a try. Just as everyone else says, don't be fooled by the location of the place. It's in a small strip mall and you can possibly miss it but overall it's good. I'll be returning to try other items on the menu.
2	I've been eating here for years, through the second owner. Authentic Mexican food at a very reasonable price.  Would have rated it higher but on my last visit the sanitation grade has dropped to 91.
