4	This is for the Orange Julius I ordered....Yummy...brings back memories of my childhood and the mall. I'm positive there's a ton of sugar but it was delish regardless. 3 something dollars for a medium on a semi hot day made this Orange Julius hit the spot.  Cheese curds caught my eye...might have to try them next time even though I'm sure they are artery clogging cheese bites.
5	Very friendly at the drive-thru and an awesome Blizzard right around the corner from us. What else could you ask for?
5	First time at this location and tried the $5 lunch. Great deal, great food and very friendly and staff! We will come to this location from now on (instead of the much less friendly S. Rainbow location).
4	Having grown up in the Midwest I've always been a DQ fan, and I'm glad to see that they have a presence in Vegas. I don't do their burgers, I could care less about their grill offerings. It's all about the soft serve or Blizzards. An M&M mini sized Blizzard on a hot Vegas summer day is one of those wonderful things that makes the heat a little more bearable. 4 Stars: Get in, get chilled, and get on with your day. This location has never messed up an order, and the drive through is always fast.
2	The obvious is DQ ice cream is always good so that's not in question.  As for this location, been here once and my review is solely based on the kid running the intercom.  He was untrained, unclear, and impolite.  We were happy with our order but there's plenty of other ice cream spots to choose from with better service.
3	I always get pretty good service here but once I changed my mind about going in and I left- the cashier flipped out and looked at us crazily while making all these unnecessary hand motions
3	This Dairy Queen was slightly disappointing. I usually go through the drive thru because it is more convenient for me and I only live a few minutes away. However, upon receiving my blizzard at the drive thru, it was very melted. I went there again yesterday and I was driving away when I realized that they forgot the most important part of my order: the ice cream! I went back and I had to go inside and when I got my ice cream, it was melted. I still give 3 stars because although my ice cream was melted, it was still decent tasting.
3	For the most part I like this place. It's the closest burger joint to my house.  The drive thru wait time typically varies from wow that was quick to holy crap i could've gone out of my car go to the bathroom inside come back and my order would still be in the process of being made. The burgers and chicken sandwiches are always solid (well, as far as fast food burgers go I suppose), I usually don't have the shakes and smoothies so I can't vouch for it that much. Now my main problem is there's a dip in service at around the dinner hours. I've never had a problem with the afternoon to mid-afternoon staff but, as of writing this review, this is the second time the night staff has forgotten parts of my order (i.e. an actual burger or chicken sandwich), and they've never been big orders either. I'm not sure what happens but its frankly a bit annoying. It won't keep me from coming to this location yet but it's starting to get a bit frustrating. tl;dr:Food: 8 (as far as fast food goes)Service: 9 (during afternoons), 6 (during nights)
3	Currently waiting in the drive thru for 2 blizzards. It's taking a lot longer than it should for only 2 blizzards, especially since there wasn't anyone else in the drive thru. But no matter. It's a blizzard. I like ice cream. I'll wait for my double fudge cookie dough blizzard.
1	Very disappointed with this particular DQ location. My boyfriend ordered an ice cream cake for my birthday as a surprise. He ordered the cake two days prior to needing it (although this location claims they only need 24 hours notice). He clearly explained to the employee that he needed the cake promptly when they opened at 10am to which she replied that would be no problem. When he went in to pick up the cake at 10:15am, it was not ready. The employees claimed that the top of the cake had not been finished, however we later realized that the cake hadn't even been made at all yet. They informed him they needed an extra 30 minutes to an hour to complete it. Two hours later, we came back to DQ to pick up the cake. It looked absolutely atrocious. It was obvious that the cake was rushed to be made as it was not frozen and the icing work was incredibly sloppy. At this point, my boyfriend was very frustrated and asked for a manager. After much conversation, the manager went to the back of the store to speak with either another manager or the owner of this franchised location. He then begrudgingly offered to take the cake back and refund the money or take $5 off the price. My boyfriend decided to take the $5 off, however looking back, we wished we would have given the cake back and taken the refund. I also found that offer quite strange because I am not sure what they would do with an already decorated cake. Regardless, these cakes are quite expensive and should always be made properly and on time. The owner of this location should be embarrassed they are selling such a poor product.Overall, this was an extremely poor experience and we will never order another cake from this location. If you are looking to order a cake, consider the Windmill location as we ordered one from there previously and it was made perfectly.
5	Love this place! I think it's really neat that they bring your food to your table and it's always super clean! The blizzards are to die for and they make a show of turning it upside down prior to giving it to you :-) it's located on south ft Apache next to a subway and it's one of my stops on the way to Rhodes Ranch. Definitely recommend!
1	Very upset at this location. I work across the street and went on my lunch break. I spent 45 minutes in the drive thru and they really didn't even have a line. once I finally got to the window, I paid, then sat for 15 minutes. I actually watched them put my food together 3 minutes after I arrived at the window. The girl at the window disappeared , and I finally found her dancing in the back of the store. There must have been at least 10 crew members inside the kitchen and it took 5 minutes just to wave someone down. When I finally got someone to speak to me I told them the situation and all I got was an attitude. Not even a sorry for the wait. Then practically got my food thrown at me. When I asked the girls name that was supposed to be at the window the guy shut the window. And said bye. it's ridiculous how rude these kids were. I've been in fast food, I know it sucks but they should have at least some sort of customer service or shit.. Common sense.!!!!
4	Let me start off this review by saying prior to a month ago, I HARDLY (if ever) went to Dairy Queen. My sister use to work at one and I went to the one location in Henderson once.Dairy Queen really needs to advertise and push out their $5 lunch menu. I discovered it through a coworker who would occasionally decide to have lunch here. For $5, yes 5 buckaroos, you get to choose between a chicken wrap, a cheeseburger, chicken tenders, and a chili cheese dog. All these meals include french fries and a sundae of your choice (caramel, chocolate, or strawberry), and all of them come with a drink. This is ALL for $5. My mind is still blown at how much of a deal this really is.The location I go to has a drive-thru, which I believe most places do as well nowadays. I come here during my lunch break and get my meal within 10 minutes for the most part. I really can't go wrong when choosing this place.P.S. They have this fry sauce and that is pretty bomb.com, if I do say so myself.
