4	I met a group of "Spa Girlfriends" here for dinner before we had a big meeting at the Doubletree. We needed something fast, yummy and close to 44th and Van Buren.Bingo!I preface this review by stating that since i was in a group of 7, I didn't necessarily order the items that I would order (does that make sense?).We had one great specialty dish (had the word Phoenix in it) with chicken and large shrimp and veggies in a spicy brown sauce - delicious! Other entrees included house special chow mein, beef & broccoli and sweet & sour pork. Again, not items that I would have picked, but for the group, it worked.The main reason I give Lao Ching Hing 4 stars is it totally passed my "sauce test." I am big on sauces. Specifically, the consistency of the sauce (and, of course, taste). I hate runny sauces ... I hate when there is not enough sauce .... And it's harder than you might imagine to get it right. All of the sauces were great. Perfect consistency and very flavorful. I'm not a huge fan of sweet & sour anything, mostly because I survived college working at a fabulous restaurant in Tucson called The Mandarin Grill and quickly learned the difference between real Chinese cuisine and Americanized Chinese cuisine. Sweet & Sour is the quintessential Americanized Chinese dish. The chow mein was fair - not spectacular, but not greasy (the way it often is at restaurants).The service was great. I never got close to emptying my water glass, and our group had a nice big table in the back where we could be as chatty and spunky as we wanted. The food arrived quickly, and everyone managed to clean her plates. I will return!!
5	We eat here a lot and I realized I haven't put a review in of this place. This is hands down one of the yummiest offerings at the Chinese Cultural Center. We've been to all the places in this complex, but for repeatable quality, good prices, and service, this is the best one. The servings are (IMO) three per entree. So when you go and you traditionally think one entree per person be warned! Expect to share. The hot and spicy soup is consistently one of the best in Phoenix. The Pork buns perfect, the best General Tao's I've been able to find, and large scallop and shrimp in the meals that feature them. I have not found a meal here that I regret ordering. The kitchen will work with you if you have special requests and they will not leave your drinks languishing. After approximately 20 visits, they have never gotten an order or a bill wrong.  The place doesn't have many people eating in it when I've gone usually Chinese people though. Once in awhile the place is quite full, but the best news is they are open EVERY DAY until 9:30. They are not upset when you arrive close to 9pm. Szechuan cooking is quite delightful here and I'll pick it over closer options any day of the week. I'm sorry I haven't Yelped them. They have been around for 10 years in this location and you should give them a try, especially if you are headed over to Ranch Market afterwards. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
3	first i want to say, i have not been to Lao Ching Hing in a long while. and for reasons that will be outlined below.i have been going to Lao Ching Hing for probably 9 years if not more.the first time there we were waited on by a gentlemen straight of of a old kung-fu movie, long pinky nail, long pony tail. amazing service. the next year or so every time we visited, 1-2 times a week. always great service. remembered the drinks we ordered, awesome. after a year or so, first change up we noticed. faces looked different. the pepper steak got a recipe change, not to our liking either. oh well right. find something else on the menu. lots of great options. tangerine beef, orange chicken, Gen. Tcho, dragon & phoenix, sizzling rice soup, endless list of yummy things. service is on par with before. the waiter always remembered us, in fact always had our drinks on the table before we entered. at this point in the review you should know we go there allot OK. it's the shit...and we tip well. they love us. right?...well i guess at this point 6-7 years go by and it's 2007 we haven't been there in awhile because..well we moved to another part of phoenix and the local restaurants were good. anyways. so we go to Lao to see how things are... well sadly it was not the same. all of a sudden Coca-Cola bought the place or something. advertising on the plastic cups??? never was like that before. seemed like new owner took over and turned it into a comical version of what i remember. didn't seem authentic anymore. and the last straw. recipe changes. i didn't like what i ordered. it was just different and i didn't like it. never returned. :(now at this point your thinking. where the hell is the review. well lets face it...this is not a review. it's an obituary to my favorite restaurant. RIP Lao Ching Hing.
4	All I can say is thank you, thank you to Helen Y for once again turning me onto another style of Asian cuisine. I had no idea that there were so many places here in our wonderful city for authentic Asian cooking. At first glance you see the English menu and you see the Chinese menu.. tell them to keep the English menu and translate the Chinese menu. The English menu is the typical stuff you'd find at any American Chinese food place.. now the Chinese menu is where all the good stuff is. Fortunately Helen speaks and read Chinese so it was a snap. Ive been super excited about trying Shanghainese cooking and this place was no disappointment.Of course my eyes are bigger than my tummy (really they are) and we ordered a ton of food. Had spicy tendon, water boiled fish, soup dumplings, rice cake (awesome) pork belly with pickled vegetable and some green veggie dish that I'm not sure what it was but very tasty. Here's the breakdown..Rice Cake..  Off the chain rice noodle disks with shredded meat and sauceSoup Dumplings.. dumplings filled with a meat ball and meaty broth.. oh yeah!!Spicy Tendon.. yes, that would be cow tendon that has been stewed in a spicy sauce and served cold or room temperature.. trust me, a little strange but all about the texture.Water Boiled Fish.. this come in a pot with tons of chile flakes and cilantro.. its bold and very saucy, not watery as the translation might have you believe.. this one is good times!Pork Belly with Preserved Veggies.. braised pork belly on top of pickled veggies but not like you'd think.. the veggies look like mulch but taste much better. The pork belly is really tender and fun to eat!Avoid the sweet and sour bullshit and go right for the goods!!
4	The real deal if you order off the menu written only in Chinese.  Authentic mostly Shanghainese food (with about a third Sichuan dishes and a sprinkling of Cantonese dishes) that I've yet to find any where else in Phoenix.  Check out the pics for my best attempt at translation of the menu, which is by no means 100% accurate so please refer to the restaurant for a detailed description.Alex C already listed all the stuff we ordered so please refer to his review for details.  The only one he didn't really talk about is the veggie dish called Ma Lan Tou which refers to the type of Shanghainese vegetable that I've rarely seen outside of China.  It's a cold 'salad' of finely chopped said dark green leafy vegetable and firm tofu tossed in sesame oil.  A refreshing summer appetizer which great contrast of crunchiness from the vegetable and softness of the tofu.  See item (x) on the menu.
5	Chinese food has become so Americanized that it's easy to forget (or never know) about the flavors and preparation styles that characterize authentic and regionally-specific Chinese food. A few months ago, I had a great experience learning about authentic Sichuan from Helen Y when she invited me to join her at Szechwan Palace in the Chinese Cultural Center, and this past weekend, she invited my husband and me, along with some other very fortunate Yelpers, including David S B, Jason W, and Alexander C, to eat some more amazing and authentic Chinese at Lao Ching Hing (according to her review, their Chinese menu features mostly Shanghainese food with some Sichuan dishes and a few Cantonese dishes). Just as at Szechwan Palace, the atmosphere of the restaurant was nothing special. In fact, it was a little messy, at least in the little area with the large round table where they sat us - we were surrounded by all of these rows of boxes and random containers. Oh, well - atmosphere aside, the service was friendly and prompt (our waters were always kept full), and the food was incredible. So that you are able to order some more authentic items, I'll give you a breakdown of what Helen ordered for us off the Chinese menu (which she has so generously translated and posted to the business info section of this review): *Cold jellyfish in scallion oil - This had a nice semi-chewy texture (reminded me of octupus) and a vinegary sauce. Reminded me of kim chi, which I love. *Wok-fried rice cakes - Little oval noodles (same texture as Chow Fun) in a savory light sauce with fresh, crunchy vegetables*1/2 crispy duck - Tender meat with crispy skin; served with Hoisin sauce*"Ants Climbing Up a Tree" - Unusual name but tasty dish. It was vermicelli (thin noodles) with a minced meat and chili sauce. *Whole salt and pepper shrimp - These were crispy and had the perfect amount of salt and pepper coating. The shrimp themselves were a little fishy, though. Highly recommend eating them whole (including the eyes!)*Beef tendon and tripe in scallion oil - I wasn't wild about the texture, but the spicy sauce was really savory and flavorful.*Soup dumplings - Little dumplings filled with soup broth that you have to eat in one big bite. They were good, but I preferred the ones that we had at Szechwan Palace. *Fish pieces w/ sauce - I could be wrong, but I think these were  the "spicy soybean paste with sliced fish" from the menu. They were very bony and difficult to eat, but I enjoyed the flavor. *Peking spare ribs - Delicious! Had the most savory sauce and really tender meat. *Drunken chicken - Not a huge fan of this dish. The chicken was a bit dry, instead of falling off the bone, and the skin wasn't crispy at all. *Chopped Shanghainese greens with tofu in sesame oil  - Served cold. Was really flavorful and light and would be great as a vegetarian appetizer. *Sauteed "snake" gourd with soy beans - To the best of my knowledge, this consisted of pieces of sauteed squash with soy beans in a clear, mild sauce. The vegetables were cooked perfectly, and the sauce was the perfect complement. *Steamed and deep-fried bun - This came in the shape of a long roll that we had to cut into individual pieces. It was delicious doughy and slightly crispy on the outside and was fabulous dipped in some chili sauce. *Green onion pancake - This has always been one of my favorite authentic Chinese dishes and has a wonderful mealy texture. Again, excellent dipped in chili sauce!*Deep-fried shredded potato - Being that we went at 11:30 on a Sunday, my eye was drawn to this hash-brown-like dish. Didn't regret my choice because it was delicious. Comprised of undercooked and crunchy potato slices in a sauce with chiles. One note - nothing we got was ridiculously spicy, but the chili sauce that comes on the table allows you to spice everything to taste and added flavor (and not just mind-numbing heat) to every dish I tried. 15 dishes! I may have forgotten to mention a dish or two, but as you can see, we had a veritable Shanghai feast! In this day and age, feasts usually cost a pretty penny, but the 9 of us walked out having only spent $20 each. Paying that little money for so much incredible and authentic food is just freaking incredible. I guarantee that my husband and I will be back!
5	Great authentic Chinese menu.  Thank you Helen for translating the menu!  My significant other will be able to go there & order off the Chinese menu now!I like the rice cakes.  Also a vegetarian dish with lima beans in it.  Not quite sure of exact translation to English what it is.The staff is always friendly.
3	My folks were in town for a 3 hour layover. So I took them for dinner here, since it was near the airport, and got good reviews.When we walked in, the first thing that hit me was the dank smell. It made me wonder if their fish tank was leaking, or had leaked in the past. This put me off a bit. But I went for it anyway.Like a dope, with Helen's translation in hand, I asked for the Chinese menu. The owner (?) told me it was integrated into the new menu. I flipped through it and disagreed. But then realized I am an idiot, because the new menu does contain everything, just the order and wording are different.We started with cold, smoked fish. It was interesting and unusual. But surprisingly good.Then we had a Happy Family hot pot. I'm not sure what all was in it. It looked like krab, shrimp, fish, and something else. Maybe it was squid? It was a curled, white, mostly flavorless flesh, spiny or scored on the outside. It also contained baby bok choy and water chestnuts. The broth was a bit bland. We followed that with steamed pork dumplings. The filling was rather tasty, and full of green onion flavor. Their skins were a bit thick, yet tender.Then came the crispy duck. It was awesome. As far as I could tell, all they did was salt it and deep-fry it. Really that's all it needed. I was pleased. My folks were stoked. Over all I'd say the meal was a success, and after the first 10 minutes, I didn't even notice the smell anymore.
2	Meh. I've experienced better.  (default for 2 stars)Pretty much summed it up for me. Didn't notice any dank smell as Korinna suggested.Maybe because I went for lunch...don't know.
3	OK - slight update - didn't review my second visit, will review 3rd and won't elaborate on why I continue to go to restaurant that I'm not in love with.Furnishing is really nice, tasteful. Lunch menu just doesn't work for me. But clay pot dish of chicken/egg plant was really tasty and I am more positive about the place.
4	I stumbled on this place while in the area a few months ago; and now I can't stay away!!  Even tho most dishes are typical, the sauces kick butt!!!  So far every dish I've tried has a unique twist from the typical americanized  "chinese" fare.  Even the quirky family run service is great, always anxious to serve their customers.  Special orders don't upset them, and the very reasonable prices are a treat at the end of the meal.    Egg drop soup is the best I've ever had, and I'm not even a fan of it.  Definitely looking for many happy returns.
2	Disappointing! 1. Reheated rice: rice was brought to us immediately and it didn't even encompass 1/2 of the container. It looked as it was brought from another table and microwaved2. The Hot Braised Shrimp had dry little baby shrimps with virtually no sauce. 3. The Kung Pao chicken had a slight odor to it. I thought the flavor was okay but it was nothing special.4. I questioned if the food overall was reheated because we were served instantly as in less than 10 minutes. It just tasted re-heated and not as if it was freshly prepared5. We dined at 7 PM and the restaurant was empty.6. The restaurant itself was fairly nice but nothing that stood out.7. The service was good and we were attended to immediately8. The General Tsao (I know it's not real Chinese but what the hell right) it was deep fried but tasted as if it was fried in old oil and the chicken was chewy9.  The menu was unimpressive. It was the most generic Chinese menu I've seen. It is very Americanized10. No, I would not go here again unless it was for a business lunch. This is definitely not a dinner place. This restaurant could be good but there was a large amount of apathy. It just seemed they like they didn't try. It was fairly obvious they reheated a lot of their dishes and the restaurant was empty. Schechwan Palace in the same complex is far better and I would recommend that.  This place claims to be an authentic Shanghai restaurant but it was so Americanized. They need a new chef, new owner because this restaurant has potential
5	This is my parents' favorite place to eat when they come to Phoenix so we dropped by twice on our family vacation. The owner/proprietress convinced my mom (in mandarin) to let her pick the dishes for our first dinner so we didn't even know what would be coming. The cold smoked duck was sooo delish as was the special mountain leafy green with bean curd shreds (all minced fine and not on the regular menu). There was also a shredded pork dish with bamboo (excellent) and a pickled vegetable with fish soup. The soup wasn't really my thing because it was heavily seasoned with white pepper which I hate but the rest of my family said it was exceptional.Our second visit was for lunch before heading off to the airport for the return trip. I could have eaten the entire scallion pancake myself as well as the cold spicy pork belly dish. Luckily, we ordered two orders of fried potstickers because those were delicious as well. We also had some tasty steamed pork buns but I was stuffed at that point.If you really want to experience authentic shanghai food, let the staff order for you, you won't regret it.
2	I was in town for business and to my surprise one evening as I was driving back to my hotel, I came across this place - a market center with a Chinese grocery store that *used* to be a 99 Ranch... which is now 2 years a Super L.  Okay on to the review of Lao Ching Hing... THIS IS NOT Shanghainese food!  Looking at the customer they seemed to be all native speaking Chinese... but I was disappointed.  I ordered the house special hot pot.  It had seafood (fish, imitation crab meat, greens, and carrots).  Now as far as hot pot goes, it's a failure.  The food itself was more like seafood soup.  The fish and veggies were still tasty, but as far as Chinese food goes, no.   Yes, the rice was re-heated.  May be I was expecting too much.  I'll be in town again, and might give them another chance.
2	Love the decor and space of this place. And the staff was attentive and friendly. The food...was passable but not amazing. I've had great Chinese food but this was just okay. I the spring rolls were salty and the dish I ordered, the shrimp and chicken, needed a little more flavor. Maybe had I ordered a different dish I would have loved it but this dish left much to be desired. So overall it was OK but certainly I would think twice before coming back.
3	Went there to grab lunch while on biz travel that was not too far from the airport. Menu was nothing special. Service was prompt. Food was good.
3	I was riding the light rail home, in the mood for Chinese for lunch, so I got off @ 44th st, and walked up to the CofCo Center, assuming (rightly) that there would be some restaurants in there.Went to Lao Ching Hing.Nice decor. Ordered the Combo Chow Mein. It was OK, nothing spectacular. The unusual thing was the noodles were smaller than what I am used to in chow mein. It was more like spaghetini rather than spaghetti.
4	I love to visit the Chinese Cultural Center, order take away and go to the ranch market while I wait for the food. I am not a big no meat or no poultry fan, but try the vegetable lo mein. Not sure why, but it is totally different than the shrimp, beef or chicken lo mein they have. Hot and Sour soup is very good.Go here for Vegetable Lo Mein.
5	I'm an out of towner and came to this Chinese Strip mall, seeing the Ranch Market, I knew I was in the right place.  There was another restaurant called Golden Buddha next store, I decided on Lao Ching Hing based on the authentic decor, the smell of pepper outside the restaurant, and the menu selection.  I was looking for a Fish Fillet in Spicy Sauce and a Hot and Sour Soup.  Both were of highest quality.  I was impressed by the taste and the quality of ingredients.  I hate fatty meats and excessive oil, and Lao Ching Hing prepared both dishes to my likening.  I am writing this review because there was hardly anybody in the restaurant when I came in, and I believe this place should be packed.  In addition, they have a review listed on the tables which I consider ok, but not exceptional.  The food is priced reasonably and of great quality, it doesn't get better than that for me.
2	Okay, I came back and ordered the Beef Noodle Soup, and again I was disappointed.  The beef noodle soup was not tasty.  I will not be returning again.
3	We decided to eat here while at the Moon festival Sat night. I was a little embarrassed that we had a stroller with us but they didn't bat an eye. They showed us where to put it and we were good to go. My husband and I each had a Tsing Tao (I'm sure I mispelled that), and split an order of crab rangoon, sweet and sour chicken and rice noodles with beef. Everything was decent although not enough to distinguish itself from other Chinese restaurants. Service was great and prices were extremely reasonable. My fave was the rice noodles with beef because it had lots of onions, sprouts and other veggies in it. A little salty for my liking but I liked it nonetheless. I am indifferent if I were to go back. Apparently you can find certificates on Restaurant.com which is cool, too. They also bring you soft, Almond cookies with the bill which is always a nice treat!
1	Ugh.  My tip-off should have been the Guy Who Saw Me Reading The Menu and came outside to tell me the food was good.  But I was craving Chinese, I work near the COFCO center, and it was threatening to rain.  I scanned the menu, found Kung Pao chicken, and ordered up.  They told me 5 minutes, and they were accurate.  Price was reasonable.  Waiting area was comfortable and well-decorated.  Food was inedible.   I got the lunch special, which include soup, egg roll, entree and fortune cookie.  I couldn't eat any of it.  The soup (hot and sour) was way too sour.  I felt like I would get acid reflux if I ate it.  I couldn't order the fried rice, because it contains peas (I've learned to ask...childhood trauma).  The rice was clotted together and difficult to eat.  The kung pao chicken contained a suspiciously generous amount of meat...so much so that I questioned whether it was actually chicken.  I watch too many movies.  The egg roll was just gross.  It seemed like the wad of mushy veggies was wrapped in biscuit dough before it was deep-fried.  The fortune cookie was stale, and the fortune was even lame.  I would've done better to get soaking wet and hit up Panda Express.
4	I stopped in to give the lunch specials a try. Since it was my first visit, I figured I'd go with a nice safe selection - orange chicken. It's what I typically get when I try a Chinese place for the first time, and gives me a general feel for the food before I try something a little more adventurous.The lunch special included soup (I went with egg drop), an egg roll, little fried things, and fried rice. The soup was pretty standard - there's not much to egg drop soup so not much to get right or wrong. The fried rice and the little chip-type things were just what I'd expect as well.The chicken was nicely cooked and flavored. The orange flavor was hardly noticeable, but the flavor was nice anyway.I'm sure I'll be back reasonably often.
2	It's in the Chinese Cultural Center so we thought it would be more authentic.  The sweet and sour pork, shrimp with lobster sauce, eggplant with garlic sauce, and steamed dumplings were all just OK.  The fried pork chops were way overcooked and dry.I overheard the waiter tell a Chinese family that they don't serve sauteed shrimps since the shrimps aren't fresh -- being in Arizona, not by the sea.  At least he was honest with the customer.Tip: If you want the steamed dumplings, order them while you peruse the menu.  We ordered ours with the rest of the food and the dumplings were the last to arrive at the table.  We were full already by the time it came.
4	We ended up here because our usual - Golden Budda - was closed for an event - but I think we'll be back soon.  We ordered the meatballs which were awesome, eggplant with garlic sauce and 3 flavor chicken which were great, the wonton with green veg soup - which was tasty although the green veg was more like seaweed and pork chow main which was standard.  We had good service and enjoyed our selves!
1	Did not care for the food at
3	On a recent visit, I noticed the Chinese menu was no longer available.  I managed to order one off-menu item but unfortunately it did not taste like it should have. Found the overall experience disappointing compared to previous visits.
1	Alex A. was craving some Chinese food, so we headed over to the Chinese Cultural Center and decided on trying Lao Ching Hing. I should first say that I'm from an area that's saturated with Chinese restaurants, so I have pretty high standards for Chinese food. Lao Ching Hing fell far short of those standards. At first glance, it seemed like a pretty nice restaurant. They invested a lot in very nice traditional-looking furniture, which I don't see often. So I enjoyed the overall atmosphere of the place. We were the only patrons when we went, so I can't really complain of bad service since we were the only ones being served.We ordered the stir-fried string beans (my all-time favorite dish) and the salt and pepper pork. They were both so bad :( The string beans were under-seasoned and not really cooked the way it should have been cooked. In that particular dish, the beans should have been dried. It seems like they sort of skipped that step or didn't complete that step. So instead of nice crunchy beans, we got squeaky beans. The pork chops were worse though. I'm thinking it was at least a day old - you could taste the old oil - and they probably just re-heated it (we definitely heard a microwave go off). And that old oil taste stayed in my mouth long after dinner was over. Not pleasant.I think Panda Express has better-quality food than this place. I will not be returning.
2	As Paul Krendler said to Dr. Hannibal Lecter while drinking drugged broth before Lecter fed him bites of his own brain, "It's not very good, Buddy."Everything we tried tasted kind of old; like it had been sitting out too long.  The fried rice was seriously the best part of the meal.  My meal (Shanghai Style Meatballs, meh) arrived a good 10 minutes after my husband's Kung Pao Chicken.  Lame.  We had high hopes for the appetizer, as the menu listed both "steamed dumplings" and "pot stickers" on the menu....still on the lookout for a good Shanghai style dumpling we gave them a shot.  They arrived well after the main courses and were nearly inedible.  Alas, the hunt for Xiaolongbao continues....I found some frozen options in the Ranch Market next door and I'm hoping for the best!  The staff here was very friendly, but with the so-so food and clunky service I doubt we'll be back.
4	Can't ask for more when you are not in New York or Los Angeles or San Francisco China towns...however, this place is a must go when you are in Phoenix
5	This is where you go when you want REAL Chinese food. At least as close as your going to get in Phoenix. I think understanding this place will help determine if you want to go here. I'm pretty sure many of the poor reviews are because, folks are expecting American Chinese food when they go to the restaurant. American Chinese food is not anything your going to find in the many regions and cuisine cultures in China. I've spent a fair amount of time in China and their dishes are as close as I've been able to find to actually replicating dishes that I saw in China. Though I sadly miss spicy frog dishes in china, they have a chicken version here. (ie. please add spicy froggy!!! hint hint) They have classics like preserved egg, wonderful Chinese veggies, etc. There are a few sweet and sour, Kung Pao type dishes for folks wanting American Chinese food or with guests that want something more familiar. It's clearly family owned and they take pride in their business. Try the cucumbers! That's something anyone would love!
3	I really liked this place. We came with a business group of around 20 for an early dinner and they got everything out correctly and promptly. The beans are great as is their eggplant. The beef skewers were ok, nothing too great but decent. Their noodle dishes are really good and I liked the quality of the food and found it to be very tasty. My only complaint was that I was really searching for spicy dishes and even the ones that they said were spicy really weren't. I put their house made hot sauce/oil on my dishes but it still didn't really add heat though it did add some good flavor.I was a little overwhelmed by the menu and am looking forward to coming back and enjoying some more adventurous dishes when I am not with my co-workers who wanted to share everything and stuck to orange chicken, etc.
2	Not authentic. But again, this is not New York....
5	This is my favorite Chinese Joint in Az.  The owner Margeritta is very polite.  They have a Huge menu.  and the best part is everything is REAL!  Nice atmosphere for a nice family dinner, quick lunch, or a date.  This is the best joint and beats out all of the other places at the Chinese Cultural Center by far.  If you haven't gone here do it.
4	best scallion pancakes in PHX!
3	Another place I went to wanting to love, and leaving with mixed feelings.My first bit of advice- unless you want unpleasant surprises, only order off the menu. Or, ask the price in advance. Secondly, when I booked I was not aware that this restaurant is participating in the Restaurant.com program, therefore I had no idea that the owners are already ahead of the curve and most likely anticipating a certificate from first time patrons, particularly patrons who are not ethnically Chinese.The restaurant was selected based on my experiences dining with a friend from Hong Kong, who was not with me last night. I found them on the website for the Chinese Cultural Center, as I have only lived here in AZ for two years. I didn't find out about the Restaurant.com certificate participation until after booking the reservation and then coming to Yelp to read reviews.  I happened to have over two hundred dollars in Restaurant.com certificates so I redeemed one to use for dinner. A happy accident, right?I've eaten in Chinatown in NYC many times, eaten in restaurants where there is no menu in English and my Cantonese speaking friend ordered, and have ordered a whole duck many times. Sometimes the side dishes or presentation vary a little, but there is no disputing the sum parts of an entire duck- it includes two wings and two legs. I know my duck.So a duck, not on the menu but available, was ordered more than 24 hours in advance.  Upon arrival for our reservation the duck was served shortly thereafter with polite and congenial service from a woman I assume is one half of the couple that owns the restaurant. The Shanghai style crepes were good, the scallion was julienned, the hoisin sauce was augmented. It was delicious, but in my opinion it was not a whole duck as ordered and charged for- upon service I asked the woman if it was a whole duck because the sliced breast parts did not seem to be the entire bird. Also, in Chinatown there is a practice of presenting the duck,  carving at table, then whisking away to make a second course from the parts that don't easily lend themselves to rolling in crepes or in buns (some restaurants serve a puffy flat bun and not a crepe) but in our case there was no second course.We ordered other dishes, especially since my dining companion is a neophyte to non-Americanized chinese.   We weren't there trying to get away with only fulfilling the required 45 dollar purchase per the gift certificate- I try to make it worth the owner's while and be fair. For him there was peppersteak and house special fried rice, for me the sea bass in white wine (I wanted fish with pine nuts but they were out of nuts) and chinese fried cabbage, a stir fried bok choy and napa mixture with dried baby shrimp as seasoning.  The food was tasty, albeit too much salt was added, and I definitely tasted MSG in the fish and cabbage. Also, the beef and cabbage were swimming in a puddle of grease.  The cabbage alone was eight bucks, but again since we were getting a discount I thought it only fair to order at least one dish where the owner had a high markup. Ditto for the rice.When the bill came I was a little surprised to see that the Duck alone was forty bucks, since we didn't get the whole duck.  I tendered my certificate without a word and the staff politely packed up our leftovers, which was most of our meal- that was deliberate.  The bill with tax was 88 bucks and change, and the terms of the certificate included a mandatory 18 percent tip before discount. I don't have a problem with that at all, I always tip on the face value of a meal, not the discount price.  What I don't like however is the habit of owners to assess the tax on the total of the bill prior to discount- I've used certificates at restaurants that used computerized systems and never been taxed on the full price. This restaurant uses hand written tickets that are written entirely in chinese except for the numbers. To add insult to injury, the owner assessed the mandatory tip on the entire amount including the tax.  I know that waitstaff today assume that they are due a tip on the tax, but actually that's quite incorrect traditionally.  When the bill came back it was just shy of eighty dollars after discount.   I don't begrudge restaurant owners trying to keep afloat and make a living, but I don't like it when they pad the bill, and this bill was padded.  That plus our less than a whole duck left a bad taste in my mouth about this restaurant, and that alone is grounds for me not to return.  If you want something better than american style chinese or want to use one of those certificates, then go ahead and dine at Lao Ching Hing, but this is my advice:  Only order off the menu.  Advise the server to ask the kitchen to go easy on the salt, and if you're not a fan of MSG, request that they keep it out of your food. Lastly, just order what you want for the meal and if you want extra, order it separately as take-out to avoid having a padded bill.
3	We had a fairly nice visit to Lao's the other night. The service was wonderful, they treated us like royalty. Foodwise, I found it  a little mediocre...at least the dish I had. I shared a seafood plate with my husband and I also ordered the family hot pot. The seafood was actually pretty fresh tasting, especially the shrimp, but everything else just seemed a little bland, lacking in a flavor. I heard some positive comments on the orange chicken from others at the table; and the mongolian beef seemed to be a hit, and everyone was very happy with the shrimp fried rice. All in all the food was ok, but not necessarily worth the drive (at least from where I am).
2	Ancient Chinese secret my ass.  I know the secret here and it's my formula for success all through college.  You take some meat, add veggies, and make an oyster sauce rue and viola, instant "authentic" Chinese food.  We ordered several random dishes here and it was all the same.  I was pining for some Panda after this...ugh.  Only if this was being cooked by midgets on donkeys in an outdoor kitchen then yes, instant classic.
3	I had the Kung Pao chicken, which was surprisingly tasty. The spice and flavor were just right. There was also a good mix of peanuts, celery, carrots, and red peppers in the dish. Fortunately, the sauce was nice and thin, unlike the thick, heavy sauces that drown much of American Chinese food. The soup dumplings, while hard to find at many other places, were not remarkable and did not contain much soup. The hot tea was also not great. The decor is nice, but the service was not very good. The waiters were not able to answer questions and did not know the menu well. The dumplings, our "appetizer," were served 10 minutes after our main dishes.While I did enjoy the meal, I probably will not go back. There isn't much that distinguishes this place from other Chinese restaurants. There isn't anything that would compel me to visit this place versus trying something new.
4	First of all this is a Chinese restaurant that serves Chinese food, not Chinese American food. It was the best Chinese food I have had since I got back from China earlier this year. We started with salted pork and winter melon soup. It was excellant. The cold dish was spicy beef tendons. Very tasty and a really differant kind of spicy burn. It burned just the front of your tongue. We had pork dumplings, cabbage and a pork and garlic dish. I enjoyed all of them. They tasted like the food in China. The cabbage had small shrimp in it that we were not expecting and it was our least favorite dish. The sevice is typical Chinese. The soup came with the beef tendons. Then the cabbage and pork came out. Finally well into the meal the (appetizer)  dumplings came out. If you share with everyone at the table it really doesn't matter what comes out when. I look forward to returning.It would have been nice to not have the tvs on. I like to enjoy my dining companions and the food. I can watch tv at home.
4	It is said to be authentic Shanghai style cuisine and some dishes are. Their Wonton is very good.
5	This place is always excellent.   It's the closest to the food I've had in China that I've eaten in all of Phoenix.    Particular favorite is the preserved egg.  If your lucky you can get them to serve it to you sliced like is done in China. Though it's good in their tofu dish as well.They used to offer Chinese and Americanized Chinese on the same menu, but, now if you wish the Chinese version of dishes you need to request the Chinese menu.
