5	Heart this dog park! I love this park because they are two separate areas for the big and small dogs. Not only do they have those two areas, you can also go walk your dog on the trails and throughout the park. If that doesn't tickle your fancy, it's right off of 51 so you can walk along there. I have an eight lb poohuahua and he loves to come here and socialize! The best time to go is on Saturday or Sunday afternoons since you know, the whole people working during the week thing. You'll usually see the same people there every weekend which I love, it's nice getting to know people while the four legged friends socialize. I've never been in the big dog area but I heard a rumor that they have a doggie pool in there. Now all they need is a slip n slide!PS-If you have children, please don't bring them. They have a sign on the gate clearly stating that plus there's a little thing called common sense that should be taken into account when people want to bring their children into the big dog area of the dog part. If that happens, don't compain that your child gets bit.
5	Once again, Yelp to the rescue. It was such a beautiful day, especially considering that it was the First of March, that I wanted to eat outside and so my phone brought me and my sandwich here, where I found a perfect picnic table in the sunshine. At the moment, I don't have a dog but when she moves to Charlotte I will be looking to bring her here for a whole lot of running about.Volleyball courts, tennis courts, picnic tales, a massive gated playground area and tons of parking. The ballfields are currently marked off for repair, but that's a small detail. I did see a few of Charlotte's finest with their K-9 partners that were parked and doing some sort of exercise.And here's your history lesson. William Davie (1756-1820) was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States. He was the tenth governor of North Carolina and was instrumental in the Battle of Charlotte in 1780, where his force of 150 men held off more than 2000 Redcoats. A true Charlotte hero!Great, great, GREAT park.
5	looove it here!!!  I was truley excited to find this little gem of a dog park.  Its wonderful for dogs and humans alike.  Little benches tucked under the canopy of the forest provide a sanctuary to the heat of North Carolina as your pups run around like crazy and meet with their buddies.Swimming pools are always a source of fun as the pups splash around and have a pool party.   The other great thing about this place that I love is that you get to know the dogs and owners so you gain trust.I'm so happy I came across this place.  Please visit and enjoy the beautiful Mecklenburg Doggie Park!
5	This park was really nice.  We went to the playground here with the kids and they really enjoyed it.
5	Great dog park. Has two sides for smaller and larger dogs and great people
4	We used to live closer to this park and we'd visit every now and again. There wasn't much for us to do here other than enjoy the playground if we were watching our friends' kids. One thing I love about this park is the soccer/lacrosse field. Love seeing all of the different leagues utilizing it for games or practice. I would even come up to this park to shoot on the lacrosse goals from time to time. It's a great and well kept park, but it's a little difficult to get into from 51. I've almost seen multiple accidents here from folks crossing traffic. Same goes for exiting the park. Other than that, it's a fantastic park.
5	My two new puppy customers loved their play time at this park.   Very well maintained and everyone was very friendly.. Highly recommended. Liz tinSouth End Pet Sittingsouthendpetsitting.com
4	Very nice park. Great afternoon for child and dog. FYI - children under 12 cannot go into the dog play area (over 20 pound area).
5	This is the biggest dog park I have been too. It' very large and well maintained. I came here on a saturday evening and stayed until sunset. Tons of room for your dog to run around and meet other dogs. There are several pools and water stations in different spots of the park. There are also a few pieces of obstacle course for your dog to use if that's something your dog might fancy. Overall I love this dog park and look forward to going back.
4	A great place for dogs to run and let it all out!  Plenty of room in 4 different ares (3 for large and 1 for small dogs) Also a nice place to make and meet new friends as well while allowing your pets to tire out.
5	Incredible dog park. Loads of shade, water and 5 acres of open play space including seating. It has 2 access points and plenty of parking. There are 2 parks for dogs each side of 20 pounds.
3	I love this indoor facility. It's big but intimate and secluded. The amenities around the reservable indoor facility are abundant; enclosed basketball court, volleyball court, horseshoe pit, small playground and walking trails that are dog friendly. Lots of parking too.
