4	I dined here on the way to have my health card renewed. As a regular fast food customer, I rate Panda Express highly. My three plate dinner including chow mein, kobari beef topped off with hot mustard, and fried rice was the bomb. And the portions of food was decent.  At the crossroads of Boulder Highway and Lake Mead Parkway (I-215 east of US 95) and near a Walmart Super Center, it was jumping. The abundant seating and pleasant environment did a good job of making me relaxed in a busy restaurant.   This visit to Panda Expressed got the job done. As I head into the monotony of having my health card renewed, I am now filled up and relaxed.
5	I found this place when I was in Vegas. A Realtor took me there and would hav kept going back for two meals a day. It's kinda like a cafeteria style where you go down the line with a tray and pay at the end. Seating is comfy and decent atmosphere for a chain Chinese joint. But the food was different and seemed to take a lot of spins on my fav Chinese dish, General Tso's chicken. Love this place
2	I remember liking Panda Express more when I lived in Cali... I guess not! The food was fresh but mediocre at best! The place was clean and the workers seemed very nice. Nuff said, lets move on...
2	Well, generally, we kinda like Panda Express but at this location when we walked in at 8:45pm, the supervisor practically grimaced at us. They were already sweeping and mopping up although they are open til 10pm. A section of the restaurant was even sectioned of for cleaning limiting our viewing of food choices. OMG!! Now they are actually running a floor buffer and there are people in here dinivg! The supervisor couldn't looked more displeased at having patrons if he was walking on a bed of nails behind the counter. Only in Vegas, baby.
1	Server was rude and arrogant.  After treating me like a piece of crap found on the bottom of her shoe, she added insult to injury by forgetting to put the entree in one if my meals.  I had to drive 2 mimes back just to get what I had paid for !
