5	This is a great new place which caters to the growing Pittsburgh biking community. The inside of the restaurant is decorated with cool old bikes and interesting bike art. One of the pieces is a cool custom welded bike art piece by the guys at Thick Bikes, which is a local custom bike maker.There are pretty cool murals on the ceiling done by a local artist.  On tap are a few "domestics" but they also have a few great micro brews.The menu is biking themed and features sandwiches named after all of the local bike places such as the "PORC" pork sandwich and the "Dirt Rag" burger.The "Dirt Rag" burger actually comes with peanut butter on it which is what I tried when I was there and I actually really liked it. I should state that I love peanut butter.I talked to the owner and they said they plan to lead some bike rides that end up at the restaurant and otherwise support biking in Pittsburgh, which is great. I am expecting good things.
5	You do not have to be a cyclist or even own a bike to appreciate this bar.This is our favorite new South Side bar. The decor is just awesome - while very much in the bike-theme, it meshes to create this colorful, welcoming atmosphere. The people working there were pretty awesome themselves too. The menu promotes local cycling organizations (even the pint glasses have Venutre Outdoors on them), which isn't so much "annoying product placement" as "lovable community relations." These are good people running a good bar, and I hope they stay.The beer selection is amazing. While they only have 6 on tap at a time, if you take a peek behind the bar you will find yourself faced with a hard decision of micro-brews, local domestics, and imports.Happy hour is from 5 to 7 every Monday through Friday, and it is $1 off Drafts, and a special $3 selection of their appetizers. They have the best little hot pretzels I had ever eaten (the Tangled Spokes). For everything under $8 the menu is a little more involved than your standard bar fare, with its inspired hamburgers (peanut butter, pickles and cheese?) and ahi tuna appetizers. It seems like half of the menu is vegetarian friendly, and it's not just the "here's a salad" kind. It's real, good vegetarian meals. You can even substitute their specialty burgers with black bean burgers. They even have a kid's menu!We will be going back. We will be taking friends and family. We would be surprised if we ever go to another South Side bar again.
5	Came back to try one of their vegetarian burgers - it was great! Portabello mushroom on top of blue cheese and a veggie burger. Seriously one of the best veggie burgers I have ever had - burgers were a $1 off on special that day. I really like how they rotate what they have on draft.We really hope they stay in business, there weren't many people there for happy hour and it was very quite. I think this is one of the best places to take kids in the South Side that isn't part of a chain. They're really friendly and they have a kids eat free day. Still the best place to go before a movie!
4	This place is decent.  Bike-themed insides.  The decor didn't overwhelm me with awesomeness and I am not sure I'll be dying to go back any time soon, but the food was great. I had a burger with Black & Tan onion rings, and we had the hummus to start.  All very good, and good specials on beers, of which there is a good variety, during Happy Hour.
4	What an adorable dive! I love the kitschy bike-related decor...very artsy/steampunk/DIY. Nice cheap drinks and a good beer list. We tried the bacon cheese fries which were pretty darn good bar food. We will definitely be back for more!
3	Not a dive bar by far but cute. Some really great bikes hanging esp the Orange richie.$2 pbr. No complaints.
5	Best food in the southside,amazing atmosphere,$2pbr...win
4	Ok, it's no secret that I love themed things. Themed parties, themed bars, themed restaurants. You get the picture. Another thing I'm quite fond of are bikes. A cycling THEMED bar/restaurant?! Holy f'yeah, Batman. Count me in.Located on East Carson street, it's easily found and if you're smart you'll be biking there. Street parking can be a pain in the ass on the Southside, although BIKE parking is rarely an issue. The interior is fantastic, bikes of all shapes, sizes, and styles are hung from the ceiling entwined with white lights. There is a surprisingly decent amount of great bike inspired art, as well as advertisements for Bike PGH! (check out their website for biking info in the city of Pittsburgh). This bar has some of the absolute best and most versatile happy hours in the Southside. Drink specials, some fantastic microbrews/local beers, and a great menu. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about what they offer. This is somewhere that I really feel gets lost in the mass of bars available in this neighbor and it's not fair. Follow them on twitter for updates on their daily happy hours, pick one that appeals and get to it.
2	I'm amending my rating after my latest visit to OTB. It was open mic night, and the bar was hopping, though I wouldn't have called it overly busy by any means...it was only 9 o'clock. The pissed-off bartender didn't exactly make our visit pleasant. He was short with us and seemed entirely unconcerned with providing good service. When my husband went to the bar to ask for a menu he just pointed to the corner where the stack of menus sat, which turned me off right away. He seemed to be the only one actually working the front, so I can excuse SOME of his poor attitude, but not all. The food came and it was ok. We paid, not much of a thank you or have a nice night from the bartender once again. So yeah, we might give this place another chance in the future, but it's not on my must list.
4	I'm not a biker.  What really excited me about trying this place for the first time wasn't its theme, but that it had seitan wings.The Wednesday happy hour special was half-off appetizers, so my friends and I ordered two kinds of wings, one with cajun seasoning and the other with Sweet Baby Ray's BBQ sauce.  While the cajun ones were all right, we all preferred the BBQ sauce variety.  I've had better tasting seitan, but that BBQ sauce was good.  Blue cheese and ranch dressing on the side didn't hurt, either.  The wings also come with some celery and carrot sticks, and toasted pita triangles.As my entree, I had the Urban Velo burger with a vegetarian patty and without bacon.  If you like a spicy burger, this is pretty good.  I also liked that the veggie burger had that char-grilled taste, which not all restaurants do with their meatless patty.  Two of my friends tried the burgers with peanut butter, and were really happy with their decisions.My nut brown ale was fine, but my friends were raving about their espresso beers.  And everyone was pleased with the $3 price during Happy Hour.  Between the beers, the appetizers and the burgers, we got really full fast.It got harder to catch our waitress' attention the later we stayed, so we ended up not getting as many drinks as we might have.  If you took advantage of happy hour specials, be sure to check that your bill reflects the specials--our initial bill didn't and we had to ask our waitress.  The place was busy because there was a game on, and she did apologize and correct it, but it's still best to stay on your toes.Next time, it's you and me, PB burger.  And the bike theme is pretty cool.
4	Food: great selections for lunch or with drinks, many vegetarian options, all burgers can be made vegetarian (try the Fixer with peanut butter and blackberry jam), great seitan wings, many different sandwiches and wraps to choose fromPrice: average price, due to the unique menu it feels like you are getting your money's worth, three people ate lunch with appetizer and tip for $40 (no booze)Drinks: full bar, select few good draft beers, good bottled beer listAtmosphere: usually a lot of bike scene people who all seem to be friendly, art on the wall to look at or purchase, cool decor, nice TVs at the bar, outdoor seating available, can sit near the bar or in a separate room away from the noiseService: very friendly and fast, waitresses stop by multiple times to check up on you, filled waters multiple times, provided plenty of condiments and napkins(+): very friendly service, very vegetarian friendly, fair prices, unique menu, good beer, nice people inside(-): a little dark (but its a bar), mostly lunch type menuWould I go back again? Definitely
4	I would hardly call this a dive bar. It's a little too nice for that. But it's pretty rad. Sort of wish this establishment was in Philadelphia. I think it'd be a big hit.This place is, you got it, bike themed! Interesting bikes hang from the ceilings intertwined with christmas lights. Rims decorate the walls. Even old bike parts make up new things in the decor. I came here on a Sunday night. Not exactly the busiest time, so I have no idea what this place gets like on a weekend. But it was quiet and they have some pretty good beers on draft. The draft beers are a little pricey but the mix drink my friend got was on special. It was in a pretty big glass for only $2.50. I got a Troeg's Mad Elf. Delicious!I hear they have a good menu with vegetarian options but the kitchen was closed when I went.The guy working the bar was pretty nice and chatted with us and some other patrons about the show that was on TV and other such things. It was nice and quiet. There's also a back room with more seating that was closed when we were there. I can really see this being a pretty rad place. I want to come back when I can get the full experience.
4	This is the coolest decorated bar! They really take the bicycle theme seriously. It's over-the-top, but in a good way! The drinks were priced well, they had tons of specials for every day of the week. I'm definitely going back again! With my bike :)
1	If you are a fan of treating people with respect, I suggest you not patronize the Bicycle Cafe.  I attended Bicycle Cafe for the first time because I had been invited to a fundraiser featuring an evening of live music.  There were service issues before the music started (I ordered the same draft beer as a friend and was charged a different price), but it was the attitude of the staff towards the musicians that ensures I will not be returning (and why I feel compelled to post).  During the last musician (a local artist named Didi Okobi) the bartenders turned up the jukebox multiple times.  Perhaps the first time was an accident, but they continued to do it during the performance (four times), and laugh and jeer with patrons at the bar when requested to keep the music off until after the set.   I was horrified that a place sponsoring live music would be so disrespectful to someone performing, and the audience, their customers, who were there to listen and enjoy.  I will not be returning to the Bicycle Cafe.  If you are a fan of live music, or basic manners, I encourage you to avoid it as well.  If you are a Pittsburgh musician, I encourage you to refuse to play this venue.
4	we really loved this place. Popped in on a saturday for lunch - pretty empty. Loved the decor and the staff was friendly (I see in other reviews this has been an issue). I ordered a pannini sandwich with mozzarella, basil and tomato and got the onion rings. all excellent - especially the onion rings. Husband ordered a burger - forget which one - but he said it was excellent. We were bother really happy with the meal and will head back again.
1	Hmm...what to say about this place.  The location was convenient as it was close to Southside Works.  Yea...that is about it.The service was terrible.  Our waiter looked like a Flock of Seagulls wannabe and had the personality of a doorknob.  We asked for beer suggestions and were a bit snubbed.  It's not like this place offered fancy martinis, so I knew the waiter could offer at least one beer from their draft selection.  The crowd was a bit unique, but seemed to be having a fun time.  There was a live band the night I was there, so had I stayed longer, I may have enjoyed the night a bit more.  It is hard to not judge a place based on one person, but this place gave me no choice.  I will not be making a return trip to this bar.  Ever.
2	This bar has a unique atmosphere, and I appreciate the unique decor (haven't ever heard of a bicycle themed, bicycle enthusiast dive bar!).  My burger was delicious, also different/interesting as it had peanut butter on it.  The beer list was almost undewhelming.  Nonetheless, I wish the bartender could expand upon each of the beers that were on tap; she quickly blurted them out, and I felt like I was left behind in the dust.  I didn't have too much of a problem with the service- the bartender that served my friend and I at the bar was friendly and helpful.  Getting our food order, however, was a problem.  We ordered an appetizer and burgers.  We waited almost an hour for our food, and the burgers were delivered just before the appetizer was.  Granted, it was a surprisingly busy weekday night (though it seemed that the back dining area was reserved for a party).  At any rate, I really liked my burger when it finally did arrive, and I enjoyed my beers.  I would probably go again just to give it another chance (and because it's different).
3	We came here last night to spend our Groupon.  We found a table right away at 7pm on a Friday.  You could definitely tell the bar was truly a place for the biking community.  They go beyond just having "bike decor," this is a place for enthusiasts to meet.  There were perhaps 8-10 bikes parked outside on a freezing January day, if that says anything!We started with beer - I asked for anything like a wheat beer, which the server said they did not have on tap.  Then I asked for whatever their lightest brew might be, which she reported was Oskar Blues Dale Pale Ale (I think beer changes seasonally).  When I got the beer, I was disappointed that it was their lightest selection out of at least six drafts.  It was certainly brown in color, not the golden yellow that signifies the beers I prefer.  My boyfriend got the same beer and really enjoyed it - I thought it was okay, but too hoppy for my taste.  Seems like it might be nice if they had a little more variety in their draft selections - anything light for people like me?Our table was right next to the jukebox, but we were still able to hear each other over the music.  There was a steady flow of individuals choosing rock songs throughout the night, and TVs situated around the room.  The lights were very dim and I did strain a bit to read the menu (apparently I'm old now), but I ended up settling on the Dirt Rag Delight, while my boyfriend got the Thick Chix.  It didn't take long for our food to arrive.  My burger was cooked to a medium-rare as a requested, and the bun was sturdy and held its shape - not the little soggy things you sometimes get.  My burger came with cheese, peanut butter and pickles, which sounded so bizarre I couldn't resist.  Amazingly, the combination really worked for me.  It's a hilarious sensation, getting peanut butter stuck to the roof of your mouth when you eat a burger.  Out of the two burgers I've had in Pittsburgh, it was my favorite, but I'd say it was just "pretty good" as opposed to "great."  And I had asked for bacon which did not come on the burger, sadly.  The server reported she had put the order in with bacon and the kitchen just messed up.  I believe her, but it was still a bummer - but the burger was fine without it so I asked her not to bother getting some.My boyfriend, on the other hand, was less wowed by his chicken sandwich.  It sounded incredibly flavorful - chicken with barbecue sauce, onion rings, bacon - how could that not be a major party in your mouth?  When he and I traded sandwiches, I was really floored...with disappointment.  I kid not, somehow it was bland.  Bland!  I can't figure it out!  I think they might've just needed more of everything - there wasn't a whole lot of "stuff" between the buns.  It was supremely underwhelming.  Fortunately the fries were hot, thick, and crispy (but in need of salt).  I had to take some of my burger home, but my boyfriend begrudgingly ate his sandwich, too hungry not to do so.Two beers and the two sandwiches came to about $24.  Reasonable prices on everything - especially the beer - but it seems like the food, in our case, was hit or miss.Boyfriend wants to give them another chance, since he liked the atmosphere and he thought it'd be fun to ride our bikes down here sometime.  In spring, presumably.  I'd be okay with that, and I bet if I have been biking a few miles, I'll be so hungry that I won't care if some of the food is good, some is okay, and some is not-so-good.  I'll just need fuel.  And OTB can definitely provide that.
4	Go here on Mondays. All burgers are $5 - doesn't include fries - but the burgers are more than enough food. And Monday is trivia night. Usually Monday is trivia night.  Trivia starts between 8:30 and 9pm.They have lots of beer specials, a great draft list and they host many many community events here.
4	Went here with my girlfriend after walking to the Zenith Tea Garden and realizing it was closed for a private party.The atmosphere inside of the bar is much better than most of the places found in the Southside. When you don't belong to the popped collar crowd of bar hoppers it's often hard to find a bar you can relax inside of in that area of Pittsburgh.OTB has some great "bar food" that is also healthy, most of the sandwiches and salads had the option of substituting seitan with chicken which is very appealing to vegetarians and health minded bar goers.I had the Rail Trail Wrap which was chicken, lettuce, carrots, and provolone cheese inside of a pita. The chicken was tossed in a perfect amount of Buffalo sauce (so many places put way too much to the point where all you can taste is the sauce) and the pita was warm, fluffy, and chewy. I ordered onion rings but the chef mistakenly made french fries. I'm a pretty "live and let live" guy so I let it go but the waitress offered to make a batch for free. I declined; fries are slightly healthier than onion rings, and it wasn't a big deal. The fact that she caught the mistake and offered to correct it was all I needed to remain happy.My girlfriend got tomato soup and a mozzarella, red pepper, and tomato panini. I am not a fan of tomato soup but I tried a spoonful and thought it was really good. It didn't taste canned and you could see small amounts of the tomato which leaves me to believe that it was homemade; needless to say, it was delicious, as was the sandwich she had.OTB is a great little bar that isn't just for bike enthusiasts. But at the end of a bike ride it'd be great to grab a beer there and eat a healthy lunch while watching one of their two big plasma screens.I have a review of a second experience here: http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2010/09/20/setting-the-bar-food-higher/
5	Tofu Taco were amazing! Great place for a light lunch while biking.
3	If you are craving real food, real old school burgers, I recommend the OTB Cafe.  I have found the wait staff to be very good and the food quite delicious and satisfying.  There's nothing at OTB that feels like a chain.  Personally, there are way too many TV screens, and I find that distracting.  The decor is quirky and fun and I like the bicycle theme.  I also like that I can visit this place while biking and not feel awkward about my helmet and other gear.  This is a fun place to meet other outdoor enthuisiasts.
5	Why doesn't _________ have a bar like this?!OK, so I really wanted to check out OTB the last time I was is Pittsburgh. The bicycle theme seemed novel, and frankly, I'd never seen a bicycle bar in any other city.I had very little idea what to expect. Would it be a bunch of hipsters and messengers sitting around drinking PBR in a can? Would I feel out of place because I'm not really part of that culture? It turns out that this is just a really chill bar, with a bicycle theme, and great place to hang out.The tap list ranges from PBR (and $1 a pint, to boot) to Great Lakes to Bells and a number of other good options. The menu features better-than-typically bar food, and everything is bicycle-theme. I ordered the "rail trail wrap" and my girlfriend had the "tandem". The menu is vegetarian friendly, which was a big deal for some of the people in my group. I wish my city had a place like this. Don't take it for granted, Pittsburgh!
3	OTB is a bar that I really want to like, their menu has interesting items on it(Seitan parm? Burgers with peanut butter?), the atmosphere is cool, and the specials are great(Burgers, tacos, beer, etc)... Why can't this place just keep its stuff together to really make it shine?I'll start with the positives: The food is good and well priced. On a Monday we went and grabbed two veggie burgers($5/ea): The Bicycle Advocate and the Pedal Pittsburgher. They don't come with fries on a Monday but no big, we split a side since they were only $2. The burgers came dripping in their respective sauces making them hard to eat, but giving us plenty to dip our fries in. The buffalo mozzarella, sauteed spinach, and sriracha ranch all went perfectly with each other. My girlfriend also loved her burger, and while we originally intended on going halfsies, we both agreed we liked the ones we got and stuck with them.The beer was cheap too, they have $2 PBR pounders all day, and usually another bottle that is either $2(Like Monday's Yuengling) or a few dollars off($3 off East End, $2 off Oskar Blues)I wish I could stop there on my review, but I have to reiterate what other people on here have said: The service leaves to be desired, as it was quite slow. I understand that this is a dive bar, the kitchen is sure to be small, and the place was by no means slow, but does it really take an hour and a half to make pre-cooked(boca) burgers? Beyond that, in the 2 and a halfish hours we were there, we got checked on(Including getting our check and getting our food) about 5 times. Another point, good and bad, is that Monday is also trivia night at 9pm(Burgers and trivia on the same night? Awesome!) so we also came out for that. however, in the back portion of the bar, it is almost impossible to hear, so us(and a few other tables) wound up running up to the bar to hear ever question. The trivia is pretty well run, though - they have you take your answers up each time and keep a running total as opposed to taking a half hour or more to tally everyone's up(Brillobox...). The questions were OK, though the music between questions was not.OTB has a lot of specials that are definitely going to keep me coming back.. To me, slow service at a dive bar is to be expected and nobody was rude, so I can't hold it against them - but it does prevent them from being a Pittsburgh destination(unless you're a bike-fanatic). I will update the review if I have to, to reflect any changes(Maybe on $.25 seitan wing Wednesdays!) in service to hopefully give them a higher rating. In my opinion if you cross this place off your list due to warnings of bad service then you're going to miss out, just come with some good friends and time to kill.Also - Obviously, biking here is optimal to avoid parking, but depending on the time of day you can avoid the meters that run until 10pm by going a block off Carson to Sarah Street or another side street.
4	I went here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon and the place had a few people in here but I bet it gets hopping at night. A really cool atmosphere especially since I am really into biking and beer. We order the black bean cakes which were really good and I was actually quite full after those but I than ordered the Urban Velo burger which I thoroughly enjoyed. Cooked perfectly to my request of medium and a side of fries. Service was right on and the prices are right on as well. Definitely going back here for some beers as well.Oh and if you pop a tire while riding your bike they have some spare tubes for sale.
4	Cyclist or not, veggie or not, this is a great place to meet some friends, have a brew, and munch on some scrumptious apps.  The servers have been inviting and friendly the couple of times that I've been to OTB. I've sampled the fried pickles which were pretty standard and I've ordered the beer cheese soup and seitan wings with "lickers" sauce. Haven't had a bad thing yet...unless you want to include my mini sized bloody mary that had no vodka in it or garnish. Hey, sometimes beggars can not be choosers so im willing to overlook that. They have rotating microbrews on tap that make up for it.
4	I've been here a few times and I really like this place. There are a lot of items on the menu and most of them are quite unique.  Good selection of vegetarian options as well. We had the Black Bean cakes as an appetizer which were very good. I don't remember what my sandwich was called, but it was a veggie burger with spinach, roasted red peppers, tomato, and Sriracha-Ranch sauce.  Very tasty!  The service was good, although it wasn't very busy when we were there.   Overall, it's a very laid back place with great bar food.
3	I really like this place. The draft beer selection is minimal, but they always have quality options out of the few available. Okay, so maybe the decor is teetering on the edge of cheesy, but the food is definitely above standard, and the vegetarian options made it an ideal destination in my vegetarian days.I've honestly never had a "bad" veggie burger here, the combinations they think of are seriously out of this world delicious. On $5 burger night, it is 100% worth it to head down to the southside and grab 1 or 2. I  mean they're only $5?Basically every night they have some sort of special - taco Tuesdays, seitan wing nights. It's exciting for a vegetarian, because rarely do veg heads get the opportunity to participate in one of the most beloved happy hour traditions in this city...half of wings. I don't eat wings, so I'm more than eager to grab them on special at OTB.In the end, if you're looking for cheap veggie eats at a reasonable price, OTB is your place. I will however warn you, you will NOT be getting any sort of homemade veggie burger. These are either morningstar or Boca burgers simply grilled and topped with a couple crazy accompaniments. Rather unfortunately, on par with other reviews, the service does indeed suck. If you're not a regular, you're basically ignored until the server decides "Well since they're not going away..." That said, I'd still go back. They usually have good music, and fun bike videos that you're certainly not going to see at any other bar.
3	Oh, Over the Bar, you beautiful bar, you. I honestly don't get to come here as often as I'd like.They updated the menu and this/the taco tuesday night are what dropped my review a star and prompted me to write again. I still love the people working, they're friendly and spot on with the drinks and food. The interior is hip and fun and interesting to look at. Sadly they took my favorite burger from the menu. The Beach Cruiser was a delicious concoction with pineapple and BBQ. So amazing and literally the only thing I would order. I felt a little crest-fallen when I realized it wasn't an option anymore, although The Thick is doing it's best at convincing me otherwise.Another surprising disappointment was Taco Tuesday. While, admittedly my heart does belong to another when it comes to Tuesday night Taco party, I'm always willing to try another taco. We had a rather large diverse group show up for the taco party and I ordered 3 soft tacos. One beef and two chicken. The shells were rather large, but dry and almost stale. The toppings were also dry and honestly didn't fill a third of the shell. Normally I would have let this go, except that they're one of the pricier options for Taco Tuesday at $1.00 a piece.In all not terrible either way, but important updates none the less.
3	Cool small bar on the Southside away from all the craziness that goes on up Carson Street. Very good draft selection which always has a couple local micros on tap including East End Brewery. The bottle selection is extensive.  Beer prices here are a bit high, but every night they have a different Micro Brewery on special where you get $2 off drafts and bottles. For example Wednesday night is $2 off Great Lakes and Thursday is a Oskar Blues special.I've heard great things about the food here, but when I came to check out the OTB I had just finished dinner so I wasn't hungry. But the menu looked great and the food I was seeing being brought out from the kitchen smelled really good too.The staff is friendly with a really laid back and chill vibe so don't be afraid to strike up some conversation. I will definitely be back to check out the food sometime. People say this is a hipster bar, but it seemed like a varied mix of people who enjoy a cool establishment. Or maybe I'm a hipster and just haven't admitted it yet. Hope more places like this keep popping up on the Sside.
5	OTB is the place to be. Ride your bike there and get a discount. (or get one if you are a BikePGH member.) Enjoy awesome beers on draft. Mmmmm. And try out a burger. Love peanut butter? Why not indulge in being an American and order a burger with peanut butter on it. You just can't get that anywhere.
4	I really enjoy coming here. I've never been here just to drink so I can't say much for the southside weekend night atmosphere. But for dinner I've had a great time. They always seem to have specials going on. Monday night is burger night where any burger is 5 dollars. They also have dollar taco and sloppy joe nights during the week. Pair that up with happy hour specials and $3 Great Lakes and Troegs bottles on certain days. I went in last night and was able to find a seat despite the back room being reserved for a private party. We started off with the zucchini wrapped in cheese and then baked and served with marinara. It was nice to have something that wasn't fried. The only thing I would say would be for almost $8 to only see 4 bite size wedges I was a little disappointed. I would love to see an extra one on there so each one wasn't about 2 dollars each.I ordered a burger with Sriracha ranch, spinach red peppers and tomatoes. I love this burger and the fries are delicious! They are crispy and so so good! My boyfriend ordered the burger with BBQ sauce and onion rings. OTB is a great place to get a bite to eat. With all the specials throughout the week there's no reason to not try something simple and delicious before you head to East Carson for a night out.
4	This place was surprisingly great! I came for the first time with a friend Saturday evening around 6pm, there was only a couple other people in the establishment. The interior of the place is designed with bikes, artwork of bikes and they utilized bicycle parts to decorate, which even if you're not a bike ride, it's pretty neat. It was bright and colorful, which made me feel all the more comfortable.Our server was very nice and amicable, she allowed us to take our time and answered our questions. The menu is mostly vegetarian-based (seitan, tofu, soy, etc), but there are other options (chicken) so it can appeal to most people. I ended up getting the Alley Cat, which was sweet chili soy tossed seitan pieces in a wrap with lettuce, carrots, and provolone cheese. All sandwiches and burgers (veggie, turkey, or ground beef) typically come with fries, or you can do o-rings or a side salad for a little extra. Everything was very good, well-cooked. I'm not a vegetarian, nor am I familiar with meatless (meat replacement) products, but I was pleased.As for my drink, I ended up getting a Double Chocolate Stout on tap. The beer comes off as slightly bitter, but you really taste the chocolate after. I'm a dark beer drinker, so this was prime for me haha.As for location, it's in Southside between 25th and 26th street, which is actually that limbo spot in between SS Works and college kid central SS. That being said, parking is not difficult, you could park in Works and walk, not far at all. It always meant that it was never insanely crowded, which was a nice plus.I will be back again!
3	Tuesday is awesome at OTB! $2 Corona & $1 tacos = woohoo. Just be prepared for LOUD and omni-present televisions. It's less of a cafe than it is a bike themed sports bar.
4	Pretty good!  Good beer selection, good food, good atmosphere.Beer selection is always good, and the bartenders I've talked to actually like beer.  (Not always a given, even in decent bars.)  Food is very solid bar food, too - not just crappy wings and middling burgers.  On my last visit (December '11), I finally got around to trying one of the burgers with peanut butter on it.  Not bad, but it didn't add much, either.  Regardless, I appreciate that they offer twists on the usual bar food.  (...And not just by doing something "wild and crazy" that tastes like crap just as a marketing stunt.)The bike decor is nice - some of it's pretty ingenious.  Only downside is that it can get a little too hipster, but that's the case with a lot of good bars, so it's not a big deal.
4	Don't you dare drive here. JUST KIDDING. Maybe. This place is adorable - the decor is basically TGIF but TGFB thank god for bikes, and you can sit under the imposing and awe-inspring shadow of a trike, or mountain bike, or classic road bike....take your pick, then listen for the sound of the bike bell a-dinging to alert waitresses when your food is ready! Did I mention bikes? Bikes bikes bikes. On my bike - I mean burger! - I had bacon added to an already-quirky combination of beef, fresh peanut butter, and blackberry preserves ("The Fixie"....of courrrrse). Delicious. The fries are way, way above average - like tall bike above average. Good, local beer selection on tap that changes pretty frequently. They brought out Penn Brewery's Chocolate Stout yesterday, and I had some today - awesome! I'd say more, but I can already see you grabbing your U-lock and heading out the door....pee ess, bike safe :D
5	OMG. The fried pickles with peanut butter.  .....to die forExcellent burgerGotta go and try it out
4	Had the fixie.  Great burgers. Peanut butter and jelly on beef just did.not sound like a trio.  I was wrong.  Great burger great place. I highly recommend the fixie
3	I eat at OTB frequently for lunch since I work nearby, it's in my rotation and it's most likely not changing.  The burgers are good, and I enjoy that I can get a beef or turkey burger as in Pittsburgh that's a rarity.  For lunch my biggest complaint is usually the time it takes to eat there, and it's a little overpriced.  It doesn't look like there is a lunch menu, so $9 for a lunch burger is a little steep.  If you want a side salad instead of fries (they do have good fries) it's $2 more, which is also a little expensive since there isn't anything special about the side salad.  Their soda also tastes a little grimy and flat usually, could probably clean the heads more often. The beer selection looks great, but I don't partake really during lunch.
5	It reminds me of my cheers!Tried this place out a few days ago and it was great. Not overly crowded (it was a weekday) and the bartender was so nice. It was very laid-back and casual, kind of reminded me of the High Dive in SD, where I used to spend all of my time! I had a white lightening beer, which was delicious! If you like a good Hef, order up! Didn't get to sample the food, but I really want to go back and try it. Bar food: yes please!!
4	This is a cute little place that is defiantly bicycle themed.  I'm not sure when cyclists became so defiant, but Fuck YOU that's why!  I think everybody can agree that at the very least, they harbor little to no animosity to people riding bikes.  It's cool, good exercise, and most people learn how to do it when they're children.  If you are a driver that is a dick to a cyclist, take a minute to punch yourself right in the junk.Ok, now that that's settled...this is a pretty cool little bar restaurant in the South Side with pretty decent food, and a solid beer selection.  The bartenders are friendly, and the waitstaff is also pleasant.  They have a mess o vegetarian options, and even I am a fan of their seitan.  This place is always packed during happy hour, which can be cool, but can quickly become overwhelming in such a tiny space where maybe too many people are wearing bike shorts.I've really enjoyed going here for lunch, and they have a peanut butter and jelly burger that I will highly recommend. Come to enjoy the casual atmosphere, reminiscent of some laid back coastal town, and the defiance of the MIGHTY CYCLISTS!
3	I'm not a hipster, I own two bikes, but I'm hardly a cyclist, and I don't like PBR...but I do generally like OTB.I love the overall atmosphere of OTB. The over-the-top cycling theme could've easily crossed the line into the cheesy theme bar territory, but it's nicely executed, and after about two steps into the place, you'll see why OTB seems to have staked their claim as the cycling community's primary hangout. Did you get a nail in your tire from riding through one of Carson Street's many construction zones? No worries...you can pick up a new tube at the bar while enjoying any number of good craft brews on tab or in bottles, then get your ride back up-and-running out front with the other regulars who might even help you out. It caters to the cycling community in every way, and I think it's great that a place like OTB exists in the Southside. Of course, we have other bike shops in the area, so I'll focus on the other stuff.Service isn't great, but it's good enough. I always seem to have "someone new" waiting on me at the tables, but my meals usually come out fine. The bartenders are okay, as well. Sometimes it seems like service is a little slow, though. Also, while they OTB has a decent selection of bottled beer, the inventory always seems to be out when I get there... or it runs out while I'm there. Order two or three of any bottle, and there's a chance that you won't be able to order a fourth (you know...for those of us who can walk to the bar from our house...since we'd never have four drinks if we drove, right? Right? Never mind). The same goes for drafts. "Beer today, gone tomorrow..." might as well be one of their mottos.The food is average, with some items turning out pretty decent, while others hit the jump fine, but rarely stick the landing. The seitan wings are often overcooked and tough, which is a downer because even though I'm not a vegetarian, I do enjoy some seitan wings from time to time. The sandwiches are all pretty decent, but there's really not much more to elaborate on because...well...there's nothing to truly rave about or hate on the menu. Therefore, if you're a cyclist looking to socialize with similar people, and you don't mind an average meal to fuel your next ride, it's the perfect place for you. For the rest of us, it's just a decent place to stop in for a quick meal and a decent beer.
3	Stopped in here for a quick beer and a possible bite to eat. We were too late to eat, but I will definately be back to try it out.  I'm a fan of the overall theme.  Quite different from most places in the South Side.
5	Friday night regular. The food is awesome (fried pierogi, hummus, seitan wings, burgers [don't forget the peanut butter], fried pickles), the theme is perfect, drinks are strong--what else do you want?PBR is always two bucks. Well drinks are around three bucks. You don't get the obnoxious bros and drunk skanks that fall all around the lower blocks of East Carson. Usually filled with 20-something "bike kids," but you'll get everything here from yuppies to families with children (they do have a kids' menu!).Outdoor seating, back "dining room" with a large screen for sports and whatnot, awesome environment. Mini bike corral on the storefront (instead of parking spots). It does get a little overrun by kids on weekend evenings, but it's honestly not that bad. Overall, I can't say enough good things about this place.
1	******BE AWARE WHEN USING YOUR CREDIT CARD*****I have visited this place multiple times recently( I know, shame on me) and used my credit card to pay for my meal. EVERY single time, I am double charged on my card. Eventually one of the charges falls off, but your money is tied up for a week(or more) waiting for the "pending transaction" to fall off. The food , atmosphere, and beer are above average, but this little hassle makes me want to quit going there.Here is an example of my past weekendFriday - Pending Charge (2 dollars) - ok, so you need to swipe my card and get auth. no biggieFriday - Pending Charge (58 dollars) - great, now you charged my card minus a tip. The way it's suppose to beTuesday - 2 dollar pending charge is gone; 58 dollar pending charge is gone(being replaced by my 75 dollar tab). Now at this point, my transaction should be complete, my monies paid and we're on our merry way, but once again ANOTHER 58 dollar PENDING transaction has showed up on today (like they re-ran my card for stuff I already paid forSO BUYER, BE AWARE. DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE IF YOU USE CREDIT/BANK CARD FOR YOUR TRANSACTIONS LIKE I DO
3	Everything on the menu looked delicious!  Everything!  I had heard so much about the burgers that I was really tempted to get one... but trying to be on the good side (and knowing I was heading to the gym later and didn't want to be slugging it on the elliptical) I went with a better for you option....The Major Taylor Cycling Salad sounded right up my Ahi loving alley!  I love my ahi tuna and still always get surprised to see it at non seafood type places (although I feel like it's becoming more common at all sorts of places).  My friend also ordered the ahi tuna.  Must not stock up on it, or it's not ordered a lot, because the waitress came back and said there was only one left.  Yikes!  My friend went with another options (isn't she so nice!) and I got the salad still.  Now here's the thing... I eat a lot of salads.  I've had fantastic, un-boring salads, totally boring salads and just so so salads.  You CAN make a salad exciting.  This salad teetered on boring.  It wasn't bad, ahi tuna was okay.  Top that off with a smattering of carrots and a little less spring mix than I would have liked and there it is.  So, knowing they're known for their burgers I will go back when I want to be bad.  BUT I think if they're a stellar place the salad will also be amazing.  So, watch for me, I'll be back and I'm going to be SO bad!
4	Both times I've been here, have been great. The burgers are outstanding, and as filling as it gets! I love the atmosphere and if you're a current cyclist, this is the place for you!I will admit the service isn't spectacular, like others have said on here. The bartender I had the last time I was there was not the most sociable. When asking questions about the menu, she acted as if it was a hassle. Not the most welcoming.Overall, the food is great. If you go on Tuesdays it's $2 Corona's & $1 Taco's! Can't beat that.
2	Service leaves a lot to be desired. Taco Tuesday is a decent deal.
5	Although I'm not an avid cyclist, I think they really hit the nail on the head with the proximity to the South Side Rail Trail and the cycling decor!  It offers a refreshing atmosphere from the stereotypical East Carson St bar scene.  Outside seating when the weather is nice is a huge plus. I've never had an issue with the bartenders.  In fact, they've always been very friendly and helpful to me.  I always sit at the bar, though, so I can't offer much knowledge on the wait staff.  I have yet to be disappointed by anything at OTB and will continue going back!
5	I got the tofu tacos, my posse got burgers. One burger had an avocado all up in one and the other had a portobello paying rent. I'm trying to describe how smokey and juicy and tasty their burgers were but my mouth is going through phantom tastin's right now. I'm actually kind of depressed as I write this because I won't be in Pittsburgh for a few months which means I can't have a tasty burger from the Bicycle Cafe. If you are in Pittsburgh and CAN go to the Bicycle Cafe then I am seriously casting some serious shade on you right now because that's where I want to be for dinner tonight. Oh and my tofu tacos were good. Lots of guac which I like. And another oh, their sweet tea? Holy smokes, their sweet tea. Probably one of the best glasses of sweet tea I've had. Oh, great. It's almost lunch time and I am in Maryland :(
5	This place is wonderful. I bike here after work two-three times a week for their delicious appetizers and creative burgers (veggie, turkey, beef). The servers are always nice and Pabst is eagerly served. Monday are $5 dollar burger night and Tuesdays are $1 taco (tofu, chicken, beef) night. Even if you aren't a biker, this place is the place for everyone.
4	Felt wayyyy out of place hanging out here, being that everyone else there were bicyclists hanging out after a cycle-in-your-underwear charity thing, but it was the first place we came across and it wound up being a fun place to hang out.  Great beer selection, a lot of interesting beers I haven't tried before at pretty good prices.  Had a really good waitress, too.
5	A bar in the burgh all about bikes with great vegetarian options and delicious beers? Hell yeah! I went with high expectations and OTB did not disappoint. The seitan in the Alley Cat wrap was excellent. Having it with a Great Divide Titan made it all the better.Love this place and the reserved bike parking out front too.
4	This is a biker bar through and through. Not the leather chap kind put the tight spandex wearing kind. To get them confused could be devastating to your dental health. The bike bar is a pretty good bar, and the food is pretty good as well. They do something that will blow your mind with some of their burgers. They have burgers that have Wholey's peanut butter on them. Yeah peanut butter on a burger! It's really really good and compliments the beef very well. Don't knock it until you try it. They have a good beer selection and the food is good. Give it a try.Update 11/05/2012The new burger "The Banana Seat" has bacon wrapped bananas, and peanut butter on a burgher. It was beyond delicious.
1	The Ernest Hemingway version: Quirky burger overlooked by high kitchen.Full version:I was at OTB for my 21st birthday and highly appreciate the special martini they made me to celebrate (tasted just like purple draaaaank but who cares?).Came back for $5 burgers and trivia and experienced sub par service, not great--and possibly spoiled--food, and the most awful display of professionalism I've ever seen.Our server was difficult to get a hold of most of the night. She had a definite case of tunnel vision. It seems as though the set up is bartenders waiting on the tables, so I can forgive the fact that she did not quality check our food or prebus the table.I asked for a burger medium well and got a hockey puck. When set down on the table, all visible parts of the burger were charred black. Cutting into the middle revealed a steaming grayish brown center, not the warm-to-the-touch pink characteristic of a MW. The gray bit threw me off--I didn't think meat should be that color--but I figured "Maybe that's what happens when you overcook something to the well done plus plus plus of this burger."Despite that, I made the dumb error of trying the burger just in case (I was so damn hungry!). Bananas, peanut butter, bacon, and BLECH. This is the description before taking in how gross the overcooked patty was. I would have asked for a remake, but we could not get in touch with our server for the next 15 minutes.In that time, we got the full whiff of what was going on in Bicycle Cafe's kitchen: line cooks toking on the job. For 5 minutes the entire back area smelled like stank bud, and the smell blew right out the service window onto our table. There's nothing worse than the smell of cheap weed on an empty stomach.Except that it did get worse for everyone in our party who had a bite of burger (not just mine, but any burger). All of my friends had the same super-well-done meat problem, and each of them had serious stomach pains later in the night. My guess? They offer $5 burgers because the meat is going bad and they need to move product.Needless to say, the curiosity to try a relish and blackberry preserve or peanut butter and banana burger does not outweigh the desire to avoid a place that is sloppy and fails at the basics.
2	Please yelpers stop with the references to PBR and hipsters when you review this place. I really don't care if a guy wants to wear skinny jeans cover himself in tattoos and grow a beard to his toes, to each their own. Not every bicycle lover is a "hipster" bicycle lovers were around long before that term existed.I have tried this place twice, first time I have to say it was fine, service was decent and the food just ok. Nothing amazing on the menu but enough to satisfy, I wish there were more vegetarian options that included more than portabella mushrooms as their main ingredient but oh well.The beer is ok some local craft beers but its 5$ for most of them there are a few 3$ options, that price is ok but there beer glasses are medium not large.Like I said my first visit was fine, but the second one was a different story all I can chalk it up is that they have more business now and from a management standpoint are disorganized and not keeping up with demand.Which is sad because this could be a super cool little joint, here's what is standing in the way.1. Splurge for a beer or drink menu so we know wtf we are ordering, the scribbles on the back of the waitresses pad doesn't count.2. Hire at least one more food server, who is not a bartender and one more cook for the kitchen. We got there on a Saturday just shy of 2 hrs past opening hour (12pm) Placed an order for two sandwiches, we never saw our sandwiches. Yet people all around us even some who sat down after got their food and left in that time. I can only attribute that to two options 1, the cook forgot our order, or 2 our waitress forgot to place it. Either way get on top of your staff or get rid of them if they cannot keep up on a busy lunch hour, lunch should never take 1 hour + to serve. 3. If your service sucks try a sincere sorry instead of a bunch of superficial ones. Throughout our wait our waitress kept muttering sorry, but offered no solution except they were very busy today...... a place trying to keep business will offer compensation such as free food or at least free drinks. This place did neither all they did was say sorry we are busy, yea so are lots places they don't make you wait an hour for a sandwich an offer no help. I told my friend I thought we should do the right thing and pay for our beers, then the bartender shouted rudely "I can't take your tab here your waitress has it." Thanks add insult to injury, then I was left awkwardly standing in the way of the bar because the place is so tiny there was no place else to stand while we waited for the waitress.... who last chance never offered us our beers for free. That should have been a given with that kind of crap service. So I was forced to go eat in a chain restaurant with my friend on a Saturday, sad times. Don't think I will be sharing this place with friends any longer, I think its building up the reputation for bad service that Double wide has.
3	I've been meaning to try this place, and what intrigued me the most was all of the vegetarian options I scoped out on their menu.  You can get any of their burgers as beef, turkey or veg, and they have other vegetarian sandwich options as well.  I ended up wussing out when ordering and played it safe with a mozzarella/tomato/red pepper panini and onion rings.  The bread was toasty, buttery and fantastic (they serve breadworks bread) but the filling was kind of meh.  Fairly boring and flavorless.  I did thoroughly enjoy the battered onion rings though.  The hubby got a well done burger and onion rings, and the burger came out cooked perfectly.  The staff was friendly, but our waitress was a bit forgetful and very distracted by the Pens game.  Overall it wasn't bad and I would give it another shot.
5	I've been to OTB more times than I can count. Why?-Good daily specials-Small, but good selection of rotating draft beer-Cheap beer options ($2 PBR pounders) when I don't want to break the bank.-Several good vegetarian options (burgers, seitan wings, portabella / tofu tacos, salads)-It's not a foodie joint, but the food is good, and there are lots of healty options to balance out the menu's traditional bar fare.-Cyclist Friendly, bike parking, a few tubes, lock, and pump available on request. It's a watering hole frequented by a lot of the pittsburgh cycling community. It's a welcoming place for events as well.  They host fundraisers, parties, and it's used as a launching place for several weekly rides.  There is definitely a large crowd of good regulars who are always there regardless of what else is going on. Good community, good beers, and good food are what keep me coming back.
4	I love this place because of the great food and I enjoy how they have a separate dining area from the bar. The different styles of burgers are great! We enjoyed watching a hockey game on the big screen in the dining room. Go on a Monday when the burgers are $5. I personally wouldn't pay $8-11 for a burger.
3	I have been here twice in the past week, and both times the food was good and the service was extremely slow. The venue is fun, especially if you cycle, and there are some really good vegetarian options, but the service is definitely lacking. I had two different waitresses - the first one seemed rushed despite the fact that it was pretty slow and the second was just slow for no apparent reason. However, I love the beer so I will keep coming back! Also, there are some great food specials ($1 tacos on Taco Tuesday, etc.).
3	Had a beer here while barhopping on the South Side.Neat little bicycle-themed bar with cool decor and decent beer list. Some awful slasher movie was on TV which actually transfixed me and my friends. Not too crowded, but seemed like a chill vibe. I'll definitely stop in if I'm in this area again.
5	i love this place!! the best bar food you could ever ask for! great service, and the bike parking out in front is awesome. i hope more place's follow there lead!! when ya get there tell e'm iron city bikes sent ya!!!!
4	Good burgers and salad. Amazing fries. Great healthy choices on menu. I usually get the cog salad. Service is kind of slow though.
5	Absolutely love this place. The burger with peanut butter is my favorite burger anywhere, and the beer selection speaks to me. The bike-theme is icing on the cake. Wish we had something exactly like this in Los Angeles...
2	I love the idea of a bicycle cafe and a business supporting being active and green.  Plus, reading the menu so many things sounded delicious that I was having trouble making my selection.   But that's where the good news ends.  The service was so slow.  We could never find our waitress and when she came to the back area where we had a table, it was hard to flag her down.   She didn't check on the table very often and really just came to the table to deliver drinks, take our order and bring our food.  As a result, we didn't even order more drinks.  At the end of the meal, we actually had to flag down another server and ask her to get our waitress. I ordered the appetizer black bean cakes as my meal with a side of guac, sour cream and pico de gallo.  The cakes were good but they just weren't great. The guacamole was terrible.  There was no way it was homemade.    It was thin like ketchup rather than chunky and filled with tomatoes, cilantro, onions and jalapeno.   I also sampled a friend's fries.  They were good but a little too salty and could have been a little crisper.  I think their menu options are great but they need to improve the execution and quality of the cooking. All in all, not a great experience but I still love the idea of this place and from what I hear they really support the cycling community and it's a great meet up or post-ride spot for cycling groups.
4	The atmosphere is cool. They have a full bar, but i did not partake.  I had the club sandwich. It had spinach instead of lettuce, which was new, but good. Both hostess and waitress were very friendly and attentive. A definate repeat if i'm ever in the area.
4	Every time I've been here it's been for something different, and it's always been a decent time. There's no great atmosphere or anything, but it's a comfortable place to hang out in. I've noticed a lot of complaints about the servers but every time I've been there they've seemed pretty down to earth. The specials are good and I'm a fan of their happy hour. All the food I've tried has been decent bar grub. I wouldn't stay there all night but it's good for a beer or two.
3	More like 3.5 stars, and we will discuss why that is.  Showed up here for a trivia night with friends.  The atmosphere in here is great.  Everything feels so alive and vibrant.  Everyone laughing, having a good time.  Not a good thing when you come to battle royale in trivia.  Makes it hard to hear the questions being asked.  I think to make it more interesting, they should make you were earmuffs, just to up the difficulty.Service wise they are amazing.  We sat down at the table to meet our friends and we didn't even have to get comfortable before a waitress was in front of us with menus and asking what we would like to drink.  When our drinks came back to the table I had a question about the menu and she was on point with the answer.  My decision was made.Being that I just ate before coming here, I only opted for an appetizer.  I selected the fried pickles with a peanut butter dipping sauce.  It took a few minutes for it to be prepared.  Which was truly surprising to me.  Why?  Well let me tell you why.  When my pickles showed up, they looked..."normal."  I tried the peanut butter dipping sauce first to see how I would like it, it wasn't for me, so I asked for ranch instead.  I then proceeded to pick up my pickles with extra care, you know, they looked fresh out of the grease.  I didn't want to burn myself.  But that was a lie.  They were freezing cold in the middle...and crispy on the outside.  I mean how do you even do that?  Deep fry something and it still comes out partially frozen.  I thought I was imagining things until my friends confirmed it for me that they were indeed still cold.  When the waitress came back I informed her of this and said that I wasn't going to eat these.  Within moments the cook had another set of pickles in the fryer and this time they came out perfect.  So perfect I burnt the roof of my mouth because the anticipation was killing me.I will give this place another chance, but probably during the early evening to try other items on the menu.  And maybe when it's not so crowded just yet.
4	Otb has a great vibe!  This is a great change from most Pittsburgh bars, considering everything is usually basic and bland.  I had a burger with fries, cole slaw, egg and not sure all what else.  The burger was excellent, enjoyed it very much.  The beer selection is small, but had barrel aged tenfidy on tap while we were there.  So while small, they have some amazing stuff.  We sat at the bar on a Saturday night. The service was friendly and attentive, excellent. I would say this is my favorite spot on Carson st.  Ride your bicycle.
2	Don't get me wrong menu and food I would give like a 3 1/2 or four out of five... Service however not so good... Kind of feel like it's in place for people to feel good and hip .. But waiters  not very friendly Or attentive.. Waiter stops by for original drinks.. take order ..give food and give check and nothing moreFelt like a bunch of hip People wanting to be cool cause they ride bikes but lacks true genuineness
2	Meh. I've experienced better.Adequate vegan selections for higher than I'd like to pay prices.
1	This place has everything going for it, good beer selection, interesting decor, and that's were it stops. Waitress was busy flirting with the cook, the food took 45 minutes to make (a burger and fries), and the fries were cold! There were only 7 people there and 2 people eating.Prices were kinda high for what it was, the beer was really expensive.Will not go back!!
5	This is getting 5 stars for their peanut butter burger alone. I can't speak to the rest of the menu, but as an avid peanut butter lover, I was psyched to get this much-talked about treat. It was the best burger I've ever had. Maybe I'm biased because I would bathe myself in anything and all things peanut butter, but the meat was cooked perfectly and the peanut butter melted slowly down the sides. I will say that I've sat outside once during the workday and service was very slow, however the next time we sat inside and were quickly attended to.
4	Peanut butter on burgers? Oh my. But so delicious!So if you're especially craving a burger but also want to try a pb&j with a twist, I suggest getting The Fixie. (they offer different types of patties, so vegetarians aren't left out) And if you like bananas, the Banana Seat is also a tasty choice. They even let you ask to have their yummy blackberry preserve added to the Banana Seat if you want a neat Fixie/Banana Seat hybrid.But if you're not in the mood for a burger, my friend really enjoys the Bicycle Times BLT. It packs a lot of flavor with the egg and avocado combination.All burgers and sandwiches come with fries that are nicely seasoned.Also on Mondays, burgers are $5 and select appetizers are half-off. :D
2	As I told my husband, "I don't mind hipsters, but I don't want them serving me my food." He really likes OTB (as you can see from his review and 22 check-ins), and I finally tried the restaurant with him this Friday night. I was definitely underwhelmed.We started with drinks, and I ordered the Spiced Cider. It was a spiked apple cider that tasted a lot more apple cider than spiked. The only reason that I knew it contained alcohol was because I became very tired half way through the meal. I also had to order the pierogies as they are one of my favorite comfort foods. These were literally the worst pierogies that I have ever had.... I mean, c'mon, if you want to serve frozen pierogies heated in the microwave in Florida, that's fine because no one will know what you're serving anyway. However, this is Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and you should not microwave your frozen pierogies.I must admit that my burger was pretty tasty. I ordered The Fixie, which is a burger covered with blackberry preserves and the incredible Wholey's peanut butter. However, the fact that the top bun was too thick and the bottom bun was non-existent just frustrated me. It was extremely difficult to eat, and I even ate a portion of it with a fork.Our waitress was just as frustrating as those microwaved pierogies. She was relatively attentive in the beginning. However, we finished our meals, and a busboy came and picked up our plates. We literally sat for a good 20 minutes as she just served the back portion of the restaurant, ignoring her three tables in the front. I almost lost it when I saw her hanging out with her coworkers and friends and eating behind the bar. Finally, the other patrons were annoying. Two or three loud guys were randomly chatting about drunken nonsense, such as getting "lit up because it's light up night." I mean... it's 5:30pm on a Friday night... are you seriously that drunk already?Overall, I was unimpressed and do not have a desire to return. Even though the burger was very tasty, the rest of the food and experience was poor.
5	This is my current favorite bar in all of Pittsburgh.I am here every weekend, I just love this place.  I'm 34, and I dont like going to bars and where everyone looks like they are 50, but they are actually only 22 bc thats teh style now and I'm the oldest person there.I've never seen this place over run with hipsters.  And even if it was, who cares, are you there to drink beer and have some laughs with your friends or are you there to be a judgemental asshole?This place has a pretty diverse crowd but everyone is always really friendly.ITS NO SMOKING WHICH I ABSOLUTELY LOVE.  They have really good hamburgers and salads, and great options for vegetarians.  There is an excellent selection of beer and for the quality of beer on tap they are really one of the more inexpensive bars we go to.  The service is excellent.  The bar looks really cool inside.  YOU CAN FIND PARKING by this bar!Now I got myself all excited about OTB so I'm hoping they are open tonight bc I'm going to have to head down there.  The only thing I wish is that they had more wheat beers, but theyve got my beloved Snowmelt on tap right now, so I'm a happy girl.
4	I give this place a 3.5 really. The fries here are delicious! Also the burgers and sandwiches. The draft list is a bit short and overpriced. If it was cheaper and quicker it would be my place of choice. Also, if it wasn't so full of B.O hipsters.
4	Not a bad little place.  I've been here a few times and I enjoy the atmosphere and people watching.  I've had their famous peanut butter burger and honestly, I wanted more peanut butter!  I've seen pictures of gooey burgers and that's what I wanted.  Perhaps it was an off-night in the kitchen.  Their appetizers are great and their fries are awesome.  Barring the one time with the PB, I don't think you can go wrong with a meal and a drink here.I also had the opportunity to sit at the bar during happy hour last night.  I don't mind sitting alone and scribbling away in a notebook or on a cocktail napkin if the mood strikes (I know, I'm a cliche).  Definitely get here early for a seat if you want to enjoy happy hour ($2 off drafts, 1/2 off appetizers).  The bartenders were friendly with the regulars but left me alone.  The girl who was there early on was more pleasant to me than the gentleman who relieved her, though.  It wasn't off-putting, so no strikes for that.I'm teetering between 3 and 4 stars because it's an "a-ok" kind of place.  I'll go with 4 because over-all, I have few complaints and I like it well enough to keep coming back!
2	If you want a 45 minute lunch in an hour and 20 minutes, this place is for you.The service is slow on the best day, but this afternoon our server was practically nonexistent.The food is good, which to me is the only redeeming factor this place.Don't go here unless you don't have anywhere to be that day.
5	Really nice, one of my favorite lunch time spots. Everything on the menu is great and they have a nice microbrew selection. Very friendly bartenders and servers. Can get crowded at night.
4	Food was great - atmosphere wonderful - I like how the bar area and eating area a separate enough.  Fried zucchini wrapped around cheese - so yummy!  Makes the decision easy between getting zucchini or mozzarella sticks - both in one!  Delicious veggie burger with fresh mozz and cooked spinach and red peppers!
4	I love the seitan wings, their beer list is mouth-watering, and I've yet to have a bad server or bartender. I bring friends and family often, vegetarians and omnivores alike, and I've yet to have someone not enjoy their meal.My only complaint is that their pierogies are definitely Mrs. T's. In a pierogie town like Pittsburgh, I can't condone selling 6 store-bought pierogies for $6.
4	I really like this place! I like their beer choices if you look past the draft list (which is not impressive, to be honest.) Very cool, chill atmosphere. I've also got food several times, and have never once been disappointed. I think the sandwich I get is called the Roadie. The staff are very friendly as well. At times, it's a bit crowded of a joint, but if you go at the right time, this place is stellar.
4	Good hamburgers, superb seitan wrap, and great selection of beers.When it comes to seitan, It's a hit or miss.I love seitan wings but a few times I've gotten them they've been too soggy or too crunchy (overcooked) but most of the time, perfect.Their service is good (not sure why some complain about that in the North Hills location) seeing that both places have the same owner. Too bad their bathrooms are too small to have a changing table. Now that we're three we still like to go out and take our (quiet) little one with us. She loves hanging out and seeing new faces.
4	More like 3.5 stars, but I figured I would round up. I have now been here twice and overall I like the place. The food elevates simple bar food by putting together things that normally seem like opposites (such as the banana seat burger that has bananas, peanut butter, and bacon on a burger)  and making them delicious. Tonight I had the BLT and I have to say this was one delicious sandwich! I loved all of the components and found it to be well balanced with a good amount of all of the toppings! Their draft list also turns over pretty quickly so it's a good place to grab a beer and relax!
5	I love this place for a quick lunch. The food is always delicious and the bartenders are friendly and attentive.
4	Best salad in Pittsburgh - The Cog. Grilled chicken, avocado, red onion, bacon, blue cheese crumbles, hard cooked egg, awesome lettuce mix and delish homemade balsamic dressing! They have incredible fries - seasoned to perfection! Burgers are great, too. Cool decor and a nice small menu. Nothing super fancy, just good food! Service can be a bit slow at lunch but they do get busy and do a lot of take out.
4	This was a highlight during my quick trip to Pittsburgh. The service was good and the food was great. I was with my wife and a good friend and we all enjoyed our food. I had the alley cat and would order it again. I'm glad this spot caters to non-meat eaters. I would definitely go back and I recommend it.
3	As much as i want to love and adore this place, I would say it's a step above mediocre in terms of their beer selection and their food. I love the way this bar is decorated. The ceiling is painted really colorful and there is even a bike hanging from the ceiling as well... Pretty awesome. Both times that I have eaten here I've sat at the bar. The bartender was friendly both times as well. The first time I came I ordered boulders mojo risen IPA... Delicious. The second time I came here I ordered a Great Lakes pilsner. I have to say their craft beer selection can be improved... Both times that I have gone there have been about three beers offered that were something I might be interested in.. And overall they only have about 8 or so beers on tap at all times. Not the selection I hope for in a bar. I really like the fact that this place offers so many vegan and vegetarian options. The first time I came I ordered the dirty Bella tacos with marinated portabella mushrooms and slaw- messy but delicious. The meal also came with corn and beans. The second time I came it was taco Tuesday! $1 chicken or beef tacos and $2 shrimp or portabella tacos. I ordered one chicken, two mushroom and one beef. I received one chicken, two mushroom and one shrimp.. I didn't complain though- I kind of wanted to try the shrimp taco anyway. They were pretty good. The chicken was a little cold and the shrimp was nothing more than small fried shrimp... The mushroom tacos are by far my favorite.. They put salsas and guacamole on their tacos as well. Overall, it's an awesome bar- just nothing too special or out of this world. I definitely will return for more portabella tacos on taco Tuesday though!
4	I continue to be surprised by places in the South Side. I typically use to avoid going out here because places get insane with drunk college students on the weekend, but the longer I stay in Pittsburgh and explore neighborhoods the more I've come to have an appreciation for certain places in this neighborhood. So.... I may or may not have participated in the underwear bike ride last week with some friends. Our group decided to cut out of the end of the ride and stop in here in all of our half-naked glory. The bartenders were great and had no problem serving us- plus the crowd in the bar seemed to enjoy it! Beer selection was good, but I ended up drinking PBR which was really cheap (I think $2 a beer). Loved the interior- biker here, so I probably have a partial opinion. Overall, I enjoyed my time here and will likely be back.
5	My favorite place in southside.  Amazing food. Over the top friendly staff, especially kate the bartender. Never have a wait for drinks. Specials offered daily. Trivia night/$5 burger night on mondays are awesome.
4	After enjoying OTB's North Park location this past summer a family member and I decided to try their South Side location. I admittedly preferred the tranquility of their park location, but in fairness I doubt that I'll ever find true tranquility in the bustling South Side. That's just not in this area's nature!We visited on a Thursday so very few people were actually in the place. Everyone who was there that night had gathered in the bar area, so once we moved to the back dining area we had an entire section to ourselves. Thankfully the speakers in the back weren't super loud (they could have been a bit quieter though). We got our orders in quickly and our meals were ready before we'd finished our appetizer, so needless to say our service's speed was not an issue that night.As for the food, I enjoyed it overall. Bicycle Cafe specializes in tasty sandwiches and also delivers enormous amounts of food in large quantities. My main course was their special BLT, which in addition to the normal ingredients has egg, avocado and chipotle mayo on it. I ate that whole thing in addition to my appetizer - pierogies - like a complete glutton. My only complaint about the food was that their pierogies were a little overcooked, but still, they were tasty so I can forgive that.At the end of the meal two sandwiches (with sides), an appetizer and a beer cost us a whole $25 - not a bad deal, I have to say. If we hadn't ordered the pierogies we still would have had enough food and our meal would have cost under $20, so I will definitely keep these guys in mind as a tasty cheap eats option for the next time I'm in the area!
5	Aye yie yie, I had to update this review because I didn't even mention their food before! It's. so. good. GREAT burgers and fries. Oh, I love their fries. Had fish tacos at the new North Park location and they were really good, loved the pineapple salsa -- plus not too heavy. Seriously, it's all so good. I love the pierogies, the salads, even the hummus is great!It's just really good bar food, with a wide selection and cozy, comfy atmosphere. You don't have to be a bicycle enthusiast to want to come here!
4	Get the peanut and jelly burger at OTB! Sounds totally bizarre but it's delicious :).  Cool place, cool concept, and nice sidewalk seating when it's warm outside. A good beer list too!
5	Bike porn on the TV. Great beer selection.  Food has gotten even better since we first went here when they opened.   One,  if not my favorite,  places to go in the Southside.
