5	I can not say enough good things about Scott, and the whole staff at Hiland's. When I was in the middle of wedding stuff, I decided I wanted to do a cigar bar for J. I also decided I wanted to get J a humidor and him and his groomsmen a few nice cigars to smoke the eve of the wedding. I visited and priced quite a few places in the valley. Hiland's blew everyone out of the water with price and customer service. Just about every shop I've been into has a room set up as a humidor where they have their cigars. At Hiland's, the entire shop is a humidor! I try to stop in every few weeks and pick out a new cigar for J to try. J has admitted to me, I have a knack for picking them out! I don't smoke them, but apparently I know who to pick them! A few of J's favorite cigars- Acid 5 and 1964 Padron Usually once a month, Hiland's will have cigar days. Free Lunch and a Free Cigar, usually from 11am - 7pm. Tomorrow, December 17th, is Drew Estate day! We love our Acid cigars! Even more when we can get one for free!
5	Scott and the staff were incredibly friendly, helpful, and patient. Their customer service is phenomenal. The shop is small, but packed full with a great selection. I went in for the first time today, after finding out about Hiland's on Yelp. I'd looked on their website to get an idea of their selection, and found a six-pack of  assorted Acids at a big discount. Being a five minute drive from work, I stopped in on my lunch hour, and inquired about them. After a little discussion between staff, they discovered that they didn't have any assorted packs left, but were happy to give a discount to similar Drew Estate cigar packs. Scott listened to my requirements (my boyfriend and I like sweeter cigars, but he doesn't like coffee flavored ones), and found the perfect pack for my needs. He even threw in an Ashton sample that he though my boyfriend would like! :)I had a fantastic experience. The woman at the register told me how to store them for the weekend (gave me a zip lock bag and water thing to keep them humid) and a ton of matches. Definitely will make Hiland's a regular stop in the future! There is a smoking room for those who want to lounge and hang out with other cigar fans.
4	Staff was amazing! Very friendly and helpful.  Good deals if they have the stuff you like.  If they don't you can always ask them to get it.  :)
5	My father, brother and I have been ordering pipe tobacco and pipes from Hiland's for about 10 years now and there is no one out there that can offer better quality pipe tobacco or cigars! My Grandfather, God rest his soul, ordered their "Black Gold" tobacco for almost 40 years before he passed away a few years ago at the age of 90. Now I can smoke the same tobacco he did with great pleasure and I've spread the love of Hiland's incredible tobacco to all of my friends, Church and YouTube followers @BoldODonahue.Scott's customer service is second to none and he always employs the nicest of people. If you are fortunate enough to live in the Scottsdale, AZ area please go visit and try their Black Gold, Black Gold Plus, Sommerset and Snowflake! I have the misfortune of living a LONG ways away in Fresno, CA.God bless Hiland's!
5	I am a cigar novice, a newbie, you could say. My boyfriend is pretty much an expert. And God is it sexy when a man smokes a cigar while sipping on cognac.  Is it getting warm in here..?Ok. So he comes here all the time and loves it, I've only been in once or twice, but never really paid that much attention. This time is for me. I'm buying my first cigar.The lounge area was pretty full of friendly people who all said 'hello' when we entered. We perused the shelves for a bit since we had a pretty good idea of what we were looking for. After a bit, one of the friendly gents introduced us to the owner, Scott. He liked my selections and made another recommendation of his own. He even introduced us to a vendor who had just arrived. Overall, the staff are incredibly friendly and knowledgable, and from what I can tell, the selection and price are great as well.As a girl who's never smoked a cigar before, I felt very comfortable and well taken care of here. I will definitely return. Oh, and my cigar was awesome. **See Picture**
5	Well I have been going to Hilands for a couple of years now and was such a novice about cigars, But Scott and Gus always know what I should try. The lounge is always fun and the Regulars are very friendly. Scott is always willing to make each an every trip there an expierance. The cigar days are fun and between trying new cigars and a little food always a great day.
5	Wow this place is awesome!!! Cool people and there's a hot lady that works in there. Yup. Go do some business at Hilands Cigars if you like good deals, and chilling!
5	I have smoked cigars for years and Hilands cigars has the best prices any where in the country. Scott the owner is always polite and has over 30 years of experience weather you are new to cigars or buying cigars for someone else he has the perfect gift packages, a wide selection of pipe tobacco you cannot get anywhere else. He also ships anywhere. Check it out.
5	Great prices, selection, and service. Took so long picking what i wanted i had to chance to meet the owner. A+
5	Simply an amazing place. I intended to drop by for 5 minutes to grab some of their famous and well-loved Black Gold tobaccy for my pipe. I ended up staying for an hour at least and chatting with their incredible staff and customers. It's not just a store: it's a social gathering place and a wonderful experience. The tobacco is GREAT, and their cigar selection is awesome as well. They have a lot of knowledge and experience and they really can find something for everyone. I wish I had more time to hang out there, because they really live up to the 5-star rating they have. Parking can be tricky the first time or two but it's not bad once you figure out how to get into the little back lot from the alley. All in all, 5 stars: these people are the definition of customer service.
5	Walked in the shop is small. Scott comes up and ask if he can help me find anything and if I smoke cigars. The customer service I got from there was great. They treat you like family once your there. I was invited to come to a free cigar event. I thought the prices were going to be high because of the location but they are actually pretty reasonable. None the less I will be returning. I had a great experience. I highly recommend this place
5	This place is great!!  Super good deals and very friendly staff.  Had exactly what I wanted but $3 less per stick than I'm used to!  Will be back again soon.
5	I have been ordering cigars from Hiland for many years. Scott is very knowledgeable and they offer an excellent selection cigars. Their  customer service fantastic. I almost always receive my orders in 2 days.  I would highly recommend them.
5	I just found this local gem. The establishment is in an unassuming converted house and let me just say they make you feel at home as soon as you enter. It seems no mater the time of day the owner is there to greet you and help with any questions ( I had a bunch). There are some chairs up front and there are always some regulars hanging out. The prices seem competitive and there are usually some nice things on special or hey the yelp deal.
5	Overall, the best online / telephone cigar vendor I have found. Very good selection, pricing generally better than the competition and availability of hard-to-get items like the coveted Opus X.By my second order, Candace was a old friend and I could just ask her to pick out a sampler for me. Hilands makes the shopping part of the pleasure of cigars.
