5	I started going to Twenty Twenty after my usual optician spectacularly let me down. They were able to squeeze me in for an appointment with very little notice and were incredibly understanding of the situation I'd found myself in (I'm very short-sighted and I'd lost a contact lens and had no useable glasses, so was effectively housebound). The optician was professional and thoroughly examined my eyes: my sight was tested as well as my optical health. They provided me with two free pairs of trial contact lenses and did not pressure me into signing up to their lens scheme. They have a great range of glasses, including some really stylish budget pairs and a great sale section. They also stock some amazing retro pairs that look like they've come straight out of the 1950s. With their excellent service, professional attitude and extensive glasses range, they have guaranteed my custom for years to come.
5	Two things led me to finally get my eyes checked out. The first, and one might reasonably assume most important, was certain episodes of blindness. The second, which was actually the trigger (don't judge me) was noticing a tendency to screw up my eyes very slightly when looking at my phone, and the realisation that, long term, this could give me WRINKLES. I'm now officially nearer to 30 than 20 so this is totally legit as a concern.Twenty Twenty, in addition to being pretty near my home, is a local name, so I had no hesitation in choosing them over a chain such as Boots or Specsavers. And I am so glad that I did.Abdel, my optometrist, was just about the nicest guy you could hope to have asking you to read tiny letters from the bottom row. Perky and super-friendly, he was also horrified when I asked if the soft forehead-cushion on the machine was latex (because I'm allergic) and he realised he didn't know. He vowed to find out and was very concerned for me, even when I said that my fringe would do a fine job of protecting me for now. He talked me through absolutely everything the eye test entailed as he did it; he obviously LOVES his job, and even treated my - perfectly routine and boring - answers like I had said something both profound and very correct. That was a lovely feeling for an approval-hungry praise-termite like me and dispelled all my anxiety about whether I was Doing It Right (I get that a lot).Once my prescription was diagnosed, I was passed on to the softly-spoken style guru, Philip, who padded calmly ahead of me and led me to the Wall of Wonder where all the frames were arrayed. This was the bit I was looking forward to. I mentioned my concerns about the roundness of my face and rather than flattering me truthlessly and flogging me the priciest pair regardless, he tactfully agreed and picked out a pair of frames that I loved right away.Understanding my girlish need to try on everything in the shop first, however, he led me along the wall and we chatted about the comparative merits of this or that pair (including a truly awesome pair of purple glittery ones which were so incredibly mental that had they been the right shape I'd have gone with them and to hell with easy accessorising), finishing with a selection of three. He wasn't afraid to tell me if a pair definitely didn't suit me, which was nice, and I didn't feel embarrassed about telling him my budget limit.When there was only one pair I preferred to the first pair I'd tried on, but I was concerned that the arms were too thin and flimsy, he toured the whole shop to try and find a similar but sturdier pair. No joy, but I appreciated it. And so (to Philip's evident professional satisfaction and pride) I went with the first pair he'd picked out for me. Apparently that happens a lot - bravo Philip!A truly splendid experience from start to finish!
2	Honestly, a very big disappointment.The optician was recommended by a friend of mine, as they had Oliver Peopels frames which I am a big fan of.Anyways, explanation of why I have given only 2 stars to this place:I had booked a sight test which went great. The optician was polite and explained everything very well. Took about 10 minutes and voila done! And I was very happy to hear that it was free as NHS cover a sight test every 2 years.Then they offered to also to try on some glasses. As I said I went there for Oliver Peoples, as I have had these frames before and I absolutely love them. The price of the frame did not surprise me, you pay for quality. However, when I asked if they had similar styles that are a bit more economical, they didn't even have one pair to show me!  Also when it went to the actual lens prices my eyes nearly popped out. They were basically the same amount as the frames! So I left the opticians with the intention to sleep on it and come back the next morning.I was actually on the way there next morning as I figured I would not find a cheaper option anywhere else, but on the way there I popped into Specsavers on North Bridge. And surprise, surprise I found nearly the same model, but approximately 3x cheaper. So obviously I went for these! So I gave them the prescription I had gotten the day before in 20 20, but as they couldn't quite understand it they phoned up 20 20 to explain it to them. On the phone the receptionist (I'm guessing) had told the lady at Specsavers that I have to go to their opticians to "take care of my bill" Ehm, I was quite dumbstruck, as the optician had clearly said the day before that NHS would cover my eye test and I hadn't ordered anything. In any way, I felt absolutely embarrassed!!! After a quick chat it turned out that I didn't have to go back to settle no bills (doh), but they didn't even properly explain the prescription to the optician in Specsavers! So long story short, I will not be back in 20 20 anytime soon.
