5	This place is clean, the people are nice, and my pedicure looks great! My heels feel like a baby's bottom! This nail shop is next to Smith's on Ann & Decatur.
2	This is a review for their eyebrow waxing service. I can sum it up by saying, "Don't get your eyebrows waxed here!" but if you want more details, read on.When you first walk into this place, it's actually kind of cute and clean-looking compared to most nail shops in Las Vegas. I went in around 2PM on a Sunday and it wasn't packed, but all the technicians were with other customers. I checked out the price list on the wall which was incomplete, like they peeled off some of the price stickers and never replaced them. Overall though, almost all of the services offered were a few dollars more than any other nail shop I've been to in the area.I waited about five or ten minutes until I was called to the back.The eyebrow waxing cost $10. The woman who performed it was sweet, but I was nervous the whole time because she seemed very unsure of herself and kept fumbling with the wax like she didn't really know what to do. She dropped strings of wax all over my eyelashes three or four times and nervously apologized. This REALLY made me uneasy!She didn't really know how to handle tweezers either. She was more scraping the little stray hairs off, rather than pulling them out at the root. It hurt, like she was snapping the hairs off at the base where the hair meets my skin. When she was done, she had me stand up to look in a mirror. She missed quite a few baby hairs that probably would have been picked up with the wax if she did a quick once-over with the wax strip. The icing on the cake though was that my eyebrows were blazing red when she was done. Every other time I've ever had my eyebrows waxed anywhere else, my skin would be a light flushed pink for a half hour or so afterward. But my skin was RED this time. The woman giggled and said, "Oh you're so red. Does this usually happen to you? It must be the oil. I shouldn't have put oil on you. That makes it turn red." Ummm... okay, if you know that oil is going to turn my skin red then why did you use it in the first place? Anyway, I won't be going back here for an eyebrow waxing... or any waxing for that matter.
1	I had an appointment on a Saturday morning with a new nail technician at this salon.  I had never been to this nail salon before.  The nail tech was late to my appointment so my pedicure was started by another tech.  Pedi was great.  I also had a set of gel nails done.  As usual at most of these "hole in the wall" places they were super busy.  My gel nails were finally done after 3 different people worked on my nails.  After being at the salon for over 2 hours I was ready to leave.  When I got in my car I noticed some of my nails had visible ridges while others had white showing through the nail polish. I had to catch a plane for a wedding so I didn't have the time to go back inside to have them redone.  I came back 2 days after I returned and showed the woman at the counter my nails.  She said wow they have ridges.  Long story short they refused to give me my money back.  Apparently the have a "policy" that is not in black or white that states they cannot refund your money.  After the sitting in their salon for over 2 hours on Saturday plus the poor quality of their service I felt I should get my money back.  They refused and further more used the excuse that they were too busy on Saturday to have noticed the quality of my nails.  They also tried to blame me for the ridges in my nails.  Just like on Saturday I went through 3 different people trying to explain my dilemma.  In the end I did not get my money back.  I will NEVER go back there again and I warn anyone to stay away.  If they had an ounce of customer service maybe I would feel different.
5	Went to get a mani/pedi after visiting another place that sucked!  Found Cyndi by accident and she was amazing.  Her pedicure was very thorough.  She was very technical.  Manicure was just as great!  It took me 2 years to find a regular manicurist and I finally did!  Thanks for screwing me over Diva Nails on Azure....
5	Been coming here a long time now. Cindy and Lee are the best when it comes to pedicures. Cindy hasn't done my nails but Lee does a great fullset and his fillings are great. This shop is very clean and friendly, prices are a little high but you get what you pay for, I would def recommend them.
4	It can be a very busy place but I have tried other nail salons with recommendations from friends and always I wished I stayed with Pure Spa. The pedi's are awesome, and my feet are always soft and the nail polish last for 2 weeks at least. Jeannie and Mimi are great with manicures. It's best to make an appt for a weekend visit but on weekdays usually you can just walk in without much wait.  I also get my eyebrows waxed by Jeannie. Perfect job all the time.
1	I used to go in here all the time to get my eyebrows waxed. I went in yesterday, and had to sit and wait. I had flip flops on. My toenails are clean and trimmed, but not polished. There was a woman giving another woman a manicure. She asked me if I wanted a pedicure, and I told her no. She started laughing and then proceeded to say something to the customer getting the manicure, who promptly looked at me and started laughing. Then, the manicurist said something to the person who was prepping to do my eyebrows (in another language) and he said, "No, eyebrows." She said something else, and again, he said, "no, eyebrows." She started laughing again and her and the manicure customer kept staring at me and whispering in another language. I stood up and left. I will never go again. I understand that people in that field tend to talk crap about us in another language as we get our services done, but at least try to be discreet.
1	Not real impressed. Walked in because I was at the Smiths next door and thought it would be a quick in and out. Nope. Not only are they slow. They are rude. They have a Chinese movie blasting on the TV and everyone is just lounging around. My tech was in the phone for the first 10 minutes. No effort to conversate. The chair was broken and his massage was horrible.  Two of the best part of a pedi...FAIL.
3	Gel manicure $30Stop by because it was down the street from my house and thought it would be a convenient location. The pricing was pretty good- I've seen gel manicures for $35. However their customer service can use A LOT of work. All the techs were longing around on their Ipads watching movies and they hardly acknowledge you when you walk in. They talk to each other in loud Vietnamese without any concern if they're making you feel uncomfortable. Their work stations appear slightly dirty and I kept getting a fear that I might catch some nail infection. Overall I might come back for the price and convenience, but I wouldn't say this place was top of the line and wasn't overly impressed.
2	Used to come here a lot it's right around the corner from my house but there's nothing really special. The gel nail Polish is limited and a lot of them left ridges on my nails. Every time I got my nails done here I always had go go back because they take too long or they don't do them right and every time I went back for them to fix a problem the next day after getting my manicure I would get an unwelcoming look.
5	I always come to this shop and schedule with Lee I like my nails to be different all the time and he does an amazing job
1	This place is so disgusting and unclean. Halfway through my manicure I watched one of the techs go from one pedi to the next in the same tub without wiping out or sanitizing it. Then at the end of my mani, when they remove the lotion off your arms and hands with a hot towel, the rag wreaked like a dish rag that had sat in a pile for 3 days or in the washing machine for days... I immediately said something and the manager just saidx "sorry".... The french was terrible and uneven amd she filed my nails in wayyyyy too narrow. I will never be back.
1	I went in for a simple clean up on my eyebrows (this is what I told him as well) my eyebrows "were" very full (3 WEEKS OF GROWING) now they are totally messed up he took way to much off on both ends of my brows the space between is too wide I WILL NEVER RETURN HERE AGAIN IT WAS MY FIRST ANS DEFINITELY MY LAST
2	My normal lady moved so I figured I'd go here since it's so close to my house. A middle aged Asian man helped me. He refused to do what I asked for. I wanted my acrylics to be very short and he told me no because my hands are short and fat. I kept asking him to trim them short and he just cut me off and said yeah. I had asked him to put them closer to the cuticle so they look better for longer and he didn't they look awful. I didn't realize it was so hard to listen.
