4	Was looking for the number and noticed it said closed- it isn't. I go here all the time that the staff know me and the BF. A little shoutout; Louis here is really chill and gives recommendations  that are actually good and stuff we havent heard about. We sometimes spend a long time in here just talking to him about shows and sometimes just randomness.They keep the store neat. Our old branch (we used to live in Summerlin area) had a lot of mix ups and "missing" in the store DVDs. A lot of shows are weirdly stocked at the old store- once had disc two onward but I had to get disc one elsewhere. Haven't found a show yet that is missing parts of a season, though blockbuster rarely has all seasons in a location.
2	The store is neat and many of the DVD's are priced at .99c.  Thats really the best thing I can say about it. Its hard to find movies. I can attest to being spoiled by Netflix. Quick search and you're done. Not so much with Blockbuster. I walked the whole store looking for 1 DVD and when I finally found it I was dumbfounded that that was the location they chose to put it!! The system could definitely use a little help. As if that isn't enough the real killer for me was customer service. It was late and I could tell the staff was a little bit .... relaxed, so to speak. But I was at the counter checking out when a couple who happened to be friends with the associate walked in. They went to the back of the store and then yelled out asking for a certain movie. Instead of the associate finishing ringing me up, she proceeds to yell back and they essentially have a 2 minute conversation, yelling at each other from across the store. It was, rude and made me never want to come back personally. I think i'll stick with Netflix and Redbox for now.
5	The customer service is very good; the employee interaction is fun when I rent here. I'm glad this store gets new movies and games almost right away. The store is smaller now, but it's still organized to find what you're looking for. I was impressed with the selection of games they have. Normally, other Blockbuster stores don't have older ones I can catch up on. The prices are quite reasonable; I have the monthly pass and it saves me lots of money each month. Hopefully this store stays for awhile.
