5	This spot is the epitome of awesome local, mom and pop, hole in the wall burger joint.I'm actually appalled there aren't more reviews for this little gem. Their menu isn't large, but it has all the standard items, plus some notable extras, that any burger establishment should have.I ordered the number 3, a cheeseburger with poutine and a cott black cherry soda.  Their burgers are no larger than an in and out burger, simple and unpretentious. The tomatoes and lettuce are fresh, and the meat is a deliciously odd, solid but kinda crumbly consistency. That aside was an absolutely yummy burger. They've also got some really good poutine. I may not be a poutine connoisseur  but believe me when I tell you that prior to that day I had so many kinds of poutine, I can almost label myself an educated and practiced, albeit short-spanned poutine expert. They made me some right-on poutine with creamy gravy, lots of cheese curds, and fries done right. Oh and their black cherry soda, perfect addition to that meal. Can't get it here in the states either, go figure right? Also tried their Michigan dog, which is basically a beef dog with toasted white bread and topped with a hefty helping of meatsauce. One thing I also noticed is that they separate your checks per person to ease with paying at the end. Really loved this place. They've got a few locations but never derail from their un-franchised persona. No frills, no drama, just a great burger from a local spot.
4	So Dilallo's is easy to miss. Walk away from the Belle Province and the Thai express and go about one block east of Atwater on Notre-Dame and enter into burger heaven. Yes the burger is greasy, is it falls apart when you eat it. But guess what, it tastes awesome! Once you taste what this little place has to offer it's hard to turn back.
4	We came here solely off Matthew P and Rho's reviews. Being from the US specifically the South, there is nothing we know better than hole in the wall burger joints. I am always up to the challenge of testing these out. Diallo's was great, this was our last meal in Montreal and not only was it the most memorable, it also came out the cheapest. My wife and I both ate burgers, poutine, and black cherry sodas and together it was under 20CA. The burger was big and tasty and we finally got to eat poutine for the first time and really enjoyed it. How can you go wrong with cheese and gravy on french fries? The friends we visited are there on work visas, and they have added it to one of their new local spots to frequent. There was also a table of just 4 neighborhood kids around 10 years old that had each ordered a side of poutine. I think that is a testament to the local trustworthiness and value of this place.
4	We were new to town and craving a burger. We ordered 2 burgers, fries, one black cherry soda and  a spruce beer. Delicious.
3	Fait la job Bon burger mais pas extraordinaire Good Value for money
4	Aye, your boys back.This place is a bang. Real talk. The burgers are to the point grade a diner burgers. Also the prices are mad cheap. The negatives are the fries are basic but that's cool fam, but the drinks smh bruh. Cans? You know its all about them glass bottles.All in all an enjoyable place to eat.
