5	The cleaners arrived on time, cleaned well and have earned my repeat business. They gave a lot of attention to detail, paced themselves, were professional and thorough. It was obvious they took a lot of pride in their work. The owner is personable, straightforward and knows her business. I look forward to their next service date.
2	Do not recommend. They sent two maids, but only *one* worked the whole time. The other did a lot of standing around and talking, wasting time. The ladies were very nice, but they don't seem to have a good system that delivers customers their money's worth. They need to split a house into equal parts and each work through the entire time paid for in their section. They could have accomplished quite a bit more. Also the work that was done was not top shelf - mirrors still had residue on them, etc.
5	So professional. Will use again. Loved the team they sent.
1	Used them for about a year and had problem after problem! The worst part was today when I made a complaint about the work that had been done, the lady drilled me about what kind of sticky was on my floor and what color it was? Really! Very unprofessional ! Not to mention she called me back to argue about what was broke in my house! Would not recommend them to anyone!
2	It depends on the team you get-Terri is great and I forget the name of the girl who was teamed with her.  My second team-not so great. They ran out of stuff to clean and called me since they still had an hour left and I had a few more ideas, but after they left-I noticed they didn't even dust one of the entertainment centers!!  The shelves were caked with dust since it had been almost 3 weeks since I had last dusted.
4	I bought the Groupon and was concerned after reading the other reviews, but I was really impressed with the team that I got.  Yolanda and Janelle did a great job with the 2 hours they had and got everything clean that I asked.  I was very happy.
1	I was another Groupon customer -- and was very disappointed in more than one regard:When I called to schedule my appointment, I was told I would have to schedule it online. Which I did. We emailed back and forth as they required further information-- and I THOUGHT I was scheduled. Since they run their business via email, though, they required additional information. This request ended up in my spam folder and was never received.  They never followed up. I thought we were good-to-go, so I took the day off from work and arranged to be there for the cleaning.The day prior, I received no email, no phone call, nothing. The day OF, I called to see when their arrival time was, and they didn't have me scheduled. Apparently, since they never received a response to their last email, I was no longer scheduled.  There was absolutely no follow-through.Anyway, when I called, the person on the line (Holly)  explained why I wasn't scheduled, made no attempt to apologize, and was condescendingly defensive in how the situation was handled.  Several phone calls later, we rescheduled. Done deal.But wait, there's more.The night prior to the rescheduled cleaning appointment, I received an email stating that the phone numbers they had on record for me weren't  in service and asked me to update them with my phone number, and of course, I did. This was the same number I provided them when I scheduled the appointment, when I rescheduled the appointment, had multiple conversations with them a few days prior, and the same number I called to inquire as to their arrival time the day of the cleaning. Holly, condescending as always, told me that my number wasn't good. Suffice it to say, I gave her a piece of what-was-left of my mind.The cleaners arrived  and did a sub-standard job, not for a lack of effort or professionalism, but for a lack of having the proper cleaning products. Having been clear as to what the cleaning would involve in my online request,  you'd have thought they'd have what they'd need.Debbie, the owner, came out personally to finish up the job a few more days later. (Yes, that's three days off of work to get my house properly cleaned. ) She arrived fashionably late, but she did an outstanding job and made every effort to make the situation right, shy of turning back time and giving me my three days back.It was quite the ordeal -- an ordeal that could have been avoided if their office manager had any organizational skills  OR people skills what-so-ever. Will I ever use them again?  H*ll to the No.
1	I bought 3 Groupons for cleaning services from this company, but will not be using the last two.  For the first cleaning, they called me as they were on the way to my house and I arrived at my house about 5 minutes before the cleaning people.  So far, so good.  The two women arrived and cleaned the rooms I asked.  They did a good job - not great, but good.  During my two hour slot, one of them did get a call from their office regarding a cat box being left on a countertop at someone else's house, and the cleaning woman spent 10 - 15 minutes outside my house addressing this issue.  My cleaning time was not increased to reflect this, but this wasn't a make or break deal to me.  They finished and left.  I got ready to go back to work.  When I opened the door to my garage (which was the door they were using to come and go) I was greeted by a garage floor 2/3 covered in mop water.  The outside of the garage was bone dry, so I can only assume they spilled the mop water in the garage, and rather than cleaning it up (or at least telling me!), they left the scene and hoped I wasn't going anywhere before the water evaporated.  I'm not talking a little water.  I'm talking cases of water, garden tools, riding toys, a bedframe, a jumbo pack of paper towels getting soggy.  So I got to spend 15 minutes dragging everything to the dry areas of the garage floor and trying to sweep out what water I could.  If they would run away from the spilled mop water water and not even tell me, I'm afraid of what else they might not tell me about on return trips.  I called Holly at the office about the spill, and she didn't apologize, didn't sound like she believed me, and said only that sh'ed look into it.  I still haven't heard from her.  I'd rather let my last two Groupons go unused than have them back to make more messes!!  STAY AWAY FROM THEM!!
4	I used a Groupon and am very pleased with the work as well as the customer service of the team who did the work. We had June and Carl. They were an older couple and did a great job!
1	Stay away from this cleaning company.........After confirming appointment, they suddenly cancel your appointment a day before and never give you a other cleaning date for the next two months.I will never buy their coupon from groupon anymore.
5	I purchased a Groupon despite really bad experiences with other cleaning companies via Groupon but it was definitely worth the gamble.  After a few emails a date and time range was agreed upon.  The cleaners arrived within the expected time frame.  They were very friendly and courteous.  They got to work right away and worked diligently.  They finished just short of the two hours and I was very impressed with the work that was done.  I'd never had my house professionally cleaned but they went above and beyond what I expected for basic cleaning.  They cleaned the baseboards, made sure to move the fridge and clean behind it, dusted the ceiling fan blades, etc.  I couldn't find anything that hadn't been cleaned or wasn't cleaned to my liking.  I highly recommend them.
1	I bought a groupon and spent 3 weeks trying to get them to schedule with no response. I called and they said groupons were only allowed to schedule via email. They would not answer my emails and each time I emailed them I had to fill out the same extensive form. Forget it, it is not worth the time and frustration
1	Hired this company through Groupon.  I would not recommend them.  They could not have done a more incomplete job if they tried.  Only one lady appeared to actually be working.  They said they were so slow because they were deep cleaning but there was not deep cleaning to be done because I keep the house clean.  All they needed to do was wipe down surfaces.  They left dust on the book cases and there is a clear area on the mirror where they could reach no further and they left dust and streaks.
1	While I was actually (relatively) satisfied with the work that was done once they actually cleaned, the process to get an appointment was a nightmare and less than accommodating.Further more, when they arrived, I asked them to wear booties on my carpet which they were not provided. Since they weren't allowed to work barefoot (due to safety guidelines), I talked to the owner about potentially rescheduling a time so that I can get my own booties for them to wear on their shoes (I have an infant with allergies). Instead, the woman - who was insanely rude and said she "didn't want to get into a personal battle, but she didn't didn't know how she was dissatisfying me"- told me I couldn't reschedule and would forfeit my pre-paid service. "End of story."I understand policies, and why they are in place, but I do NOT understand why a cleaning service wouldn't offer booties for carpet - I know I'm not the ONLY person to ever have this request - and further more, why the wouldn't be willing to make an exception for a first time customer to reschedule. Even still, the company's cleaning supplies weren't working nearly as well as the ones I use, so I ask them to use mine while they worked (Honest Company - natural and healthy), and they mentioned the entire time how much better my supplies worked!Needless to say, I will not use their services again and I hope their employees success... with another company.
1	They are the most unprofessional business I have ever had to deal with. The scheduling is a nightmare....back and forth emails that never ended in a solution. They are obviously not into putting their customers first or providing excellent services. Once you purchase the services from them through Groupon the money is immediately taken from your credit card but then you have to wait 2 months to even get on the schedule. Then the week of your appointment they send an email to reschedule and word it as if you are the one that needs to reschedule. I wish I would have read the other negative customer reviews about The Cleaning Solution before I purchased this waste of time!
1	Do not purchase a groupon from TCS if you need your house cleaned this year. First, they will schedule your cleaning 6 weeks out from the date you purchased the voucher. Then they will cancel the morning of the appointment.  Then, they will ask you to reschedule with them after the promotional value expires with groupon.  Coincidence? I think not! Doing business this way means no deal for you.  Expect to waste plenty of time with their email scheduling and customer service rep Holly. I got my money back from groupon, thankfully. This groupon and company is a farce.  Your better off finding someone on Craigslist who will do twice the work for half the cost and half the time!
1	Was given a groupon for Cleaning Solutions as a gift.  I was extremely disappointed in their service. They used a rag mop full of water on my real wood floors. I stopped them when I saw what they were using. They also used the same rag mop on my travertine floors with the same bucket of dirty water. I asked them to feather dust my wood blinds. As the lady was using the feather duster she barley touched the blinds as she was dusting them. She did not even go over the entire blinds, she just went down the middle. I called the office and told them I was disappointed with the service. I was told they would come back out to clean my floors with my products and cleaning devices. So we set up a time via email.  Well, no one ever showed up for the reclean. The following day I sent an email to Cleaning Solutions with the email attached showing the date & time my cleaning was to be and told them no one showed up. I received a reply back saying they would check into it.  I did not received a email or a call from the company. A small child would have done a much better job than Cleaning Solutions.
1	We started off using the cleaning solution on a groupon. Our first experience was good-friendly quick reply and a great clean. We then signed up for reoccurring cleaning and requested Thomas G because he does an amazing job and knows our dogs. We we're told he'd come and if he wasn't coming they would let us know so we can leave the dogs in the kennel or outside. They did not let us know and the new cleaners would not go into the house because the dogs we're barking at them(completely understandable). When we talked with the holly and one other person (can't remember the name) they we're rude and continued to tell us "sorry you're dogs didn't let your house get cleaned"They also did not make any attempts to reschedule. Then they double charged us for cleaning. The quality of cleaning was good from Thomas but otherwise was horrible. One time when Thomas didn't come we had to have someone come out and re clean because the house was still dirty. I couldn't even tell that someone had been there. When we first complained again horrible customer service.After a little over six months and any attempts at making things work, we finally cancelled our service.I wouldn't recommend anyone using this company.
4	I bought my daughter a Groupon (she is a single mom with four kids) and can occasionally use a little extra help.  It must have been popular but when we called, they extended the expiration date (oh, oh-I thought) due to overwhelming response. Typical on these types of offers. But we got an appointment, two women showed up during the prearranged time; went to work and did a great job-all according to my daughter. In fact, my daughter said when they were walking to their car they swept a few of the rocks back into the yard off the driveway. A thoughtful touch. I don't know what happened on the other reviews but, I would use them again!
1	I really don't know how this company has been in business for so long. The customer service is atrocious! I understand that in this field of work you can run behind as there are a lot of uncertain variables, but you would think they would plan for this by leaving open time for delays and rescheduling. The manager there who I spoke with, Molly was disgusting with her choice of conversation & had nothing to offer me but a reschedule 2 months out for a 3 hour late appointment, which encroached into the dinner hours. The way this company operates is down right unprofessional in inappropriate. Not only will I never hire these people again, but I will also never purchase a groupon again either. This is what I get for trying a new company at a discount.
1	This company rescheduled my cleaning appointment three times. The first time I scheduled it was April, and here it is in November and I have finally decided to ask for a refund from Groupon because they have canceled three times. They never really give a reason, either. Very unprofessional. I wish yelp would let me give them 0 stars.
