1	If I could give this place less than 1 star I would. Lived here for two years. The first year was ok but the apartment and appliances need updating. AC doesn't work well and the door handles are terrible. Doors are thin and get holes easily. This place is leased and some units are owned and rented. During the second year we noticed that the quality of people in the complex was declining. There was a lot of noise, drugs, and the place was filthy. No one cleaned up after there dogs, trash was everywhere, and I saw a lot of broken windows in the complex. Because some units are owned and foreclosed, if the fire alarm batteries die and the alarm beeps, you can hear it all night. The office refuses to help. The alarm down stairs from us beeped for a week. It was awful....they said they couldn't do anything and when we asked to move they said we would have to pay. The people in the office are rude and condescending. They don't want to help you and don't respond to issues. A police and swat team came up our stairs to "question" the guy living across from us. Lights were always out and I would have to walk from my car to the apartment in the dark with alll kinds of teenagers lurking around, smoking and drinking. I will say that the maintenance staff here was always great. Polite, respectful and fast. Loved them! Overall a terrible place to live. WOuld not recommend.
1	The management is horrible. They say one thing and turns into another. Nothing is ever organized. They let people do anything here. I used to have good neighbors, and now it seems they let anyone live here. People taking parking spots, blasting music late nights and no rules regulated at all except HOA's. Don't move here. I got a good deal on this place and understand now why. Oh and it seems like anyone gets into the place anyways, don't know what the gates are for. Also the security is horrible, only one guy is constant. The other one seems slow. Had a talk with him the other day couple months ago. 5 minutes after i met him I re-entered my complex and he asked me if i lived here. I said yes, and he was like whats my apt. number. Do they drug test these people?
1	I just want to start by saying the maintenance staff is great! They are always willing to fix what's needs to be done and do it correctly. With that said, that is the only positive thing I have to say about this place. The office staff is rude, rude, rude!! They may seem pleasant when signing your lease but after that forget it! They act as if you are a nuisance to them! For example, I went in to PAY MY RENT and the office worker was sitting in the office, looked at me a couple times and after about 5 minutes a potential future resident walked in and only then she did come out and begin talking to them? The person had to tell them I had been there first! Ugh I'm so sick their BS! That is not a good way to get me to resign a lease... And on top of that... The gates are ALWAYS broken. They get multple instances of break-ins well gee I wonder why?? Maybe if management cared to fix the gates these burglaries wouldn't happen! So long story short I can not wait until my lease ends so I can move out of this place! YIPEE! Don't rent here. There are much much better places to live.
1	Wow, moved in here about 5 months ago. Bad idea!! Security guy came up to my car yelling that he's going to give me a ticket then took a bunch of pictures of me. Scary and weird. If your a single girl stay away from this place. The "staff" seem dangerous.
3	I would love to live here but rental process is shady. Got quoted first at 689 a month. Then a few days later for 747. Then 774 a few days later. And then 797 about a month later. I understand that rates change all the time but since they got my contact information they just kept on increasing the rent every time I asked them for a quote.
5	We've lived here since 2008, and are very pleased with these apartments.  The management is great!  We so appreciate the nice, new shower heads we received when we signed our most recent lease.  They even gave us a carpet cleaning.  Now they have replaced our windows, and they are beautiful!  We had so much difficulty  opening our windows.  Now we can air our apartment very easily.  I really appreciate the management here.  Maintenance service is great.  Problems are usually handled the same day we call, which is really exceptional.  I would definitely recommend these apartments to my friends.
5	This place has gotten better since I last remember. The new staff members are very accommodating. I had a problem with my old apartment here and was deciding to move someplace that has a bigger floor plan. Then Cynthia caught my attention when she showed me the model home they're about to put for lease. It has a wonderful blue painting I wanted to keep, and its going to have new floors and carpeting. They really make you feel like family. Now I'm staying and making this my home for a while.
