2	Booooo Booooo! I'm NOT a StarYucks patron. Really. I'm not. However some evil friend gave me a StarYucks gift card and of course I had to use it. So. I tried. I don't do the half caf, part skim, part whole, chai, with light chocolate sprinkles venti grande tallie or whatever. I truly  hate those people. But I did request a soy latte. They were out of soy. Hmmm...Ok. I run a restaurant, I understand running out of products. Next day, same StarYucks. Same drive thru. Same monster in the window. Soy Latte please. Sorry, no soy milk. Oh for crap sake. This StarYucks is 200 yards from a grocery store. That sells soy and other market goods. So I peeled out, went to Lux, and my world was at peace. Once again.
5	I have to say that even though I am not a huge Starbucks aficionado, coming here last night was pleasant..  After patronizing Starbucks in NYC and San Fran for 2 years each, its nice to finally be able to sit down and have a cup of coffee, without there being a 1,001 people in or out at all times, thus making it a very unpleasant experience.  The drive-thru was not busy and only 2 people were there with on laptops.  The employees at the counter were very nice, and we were chatting up a storm. Knowing that I will be able to come in here without a line during 5 p.m., is something of value to me. I would say I am glad to have this location in my neighborhood, and will be returning soon! Thanks guys!
3	We drive through here every Saturday  and Sunday on the way to dog park.  First off, I like Starbucks coffee, and the hearty rich punch of coffee flavor.  I like that Starbucks does an "Americano", which is probably their only "frou-frou" drink other than a  latte that exists in the non-Starbucks world.  I've found some independents don't do Americano's because they think it's too "Starbucks".  Go to France folks, "Americanos" all over.  So knowing that I like Starbucks, here's the scoop on this shop:1) Service is inconsistent - sometimes courteous, quick and spot on (usually the Sunday AM lady who is currently out due to knee surgery), but sometimes they are slow and get the order all wacked up and forget things. 2) the blender is near where the person taking the order often stands.  "I'd like a wrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.  A what? whrrrrrrrrrrrrr....3) Sometimes panhandlers hang our at the drive through.  Hasn't happened in the last month or so, but has occurred more than once.  We always notify the person at the window - don't know if they do anything about it4) Inside is generally clean and neat5) When I do go inside, I inevitably get stuck behind people who like to blab about themselves to the person behind the counter, other people in line, or someone on the cell.  Maybe that's  just a weird coincidence.
4	I'm not a huge starbucks fan, but my friend and I came here to study, and this is a great place for studying!  In fact, all the other people here were studying too! We will become regulars! Btw the staff is very friendly, but then have you ever been to a starbucks where the staff wasn't??Don't get the pumpkin spice frappachino unless you want to die from sugar overload!! Yuck!
1	So today was the last straw.  I am a new customer to Starbucks and have visited this store on several occasions and for the most part the employees have been efficient but very grumpy.  I have on two occasions in the past month spoken to the manager about it - I think his name is John - about the grumpy people that work there.  On the phone he promised me a free drink the next time I was in (which he conveniently forgot when I asked him about it).The first few times I was in I was waited on by a young lady who never smiled (actually it was more of a scowl) and when I interacted with her she was blank faced and sour in her reactions.  This was the person I spoke to the manager about.  Today I was served by a young lady who basically threw my drink at me (energetically) and when I asked for extra ice she scowled at me.  Never said thanks, smiled or offered any pleasantries.Basically the service in that store s*&ks.  I have been in there multiple times and have never really gotten anything close to what I would call happy service.Thought you should know.  Unfortunately I will not be going into that store again.Greg
3	Dude, it's a Starbucks...just like the other one down the street from the other 4 just around the corner...My one and only visit to this location (so far) was pleasant and I successfully ordered, acquired, mixed, and drank my Americano.  Mission accomplished.
1	I try to support local coffee shops in general (grow your local economy, folks!), but Starbucks' vanilla rooibos, when served over ice, just cannot be beat.  So I frequent Starbucks too!Not. This. One.For some reason, this location just cannot handle serving this brewed tea iced.  It is literally the only location that I've ever been to that flat out refuses to do it (on three separate occasions, by three separate baristas).  I give up!
4	The drive thru here is very efficient, and the staff is always nice and friendly, even at 6am on a Monday (always appreciated!). My only complaint is that sometimes my extra hot coffee is not so extra hot :-(
2	Need some iced love!  At least I can say Starbucks is consistent in making really bad coffee.  Add lots of sugar and milk and you'll never really notice.
4	I often go to this shop and I enjoy it.  It's a bit larger than usual so you can do work at the tables or relax in the large chairs.  The staff is friendly and by now they usually know my order.  Lots of parking and the drive-thru is fast.One con is that the large chairs tend to have crumbs in them.  You have to do a brush down before you sit.
5	My favorite Starbucks so far!  It's spacious and comfortable inside.  This is one of the newer locations, so everything inside looks good!My only issue with this place: Get a better internet provider...  Wow the internet can be rough here...!
5	Very "inviting" staff! met the manager Ben... who was extremly friendly, spoke to me for over 5 mins... which was pleasantly surprising! clean restrooms... big plus!!
1	Terrible! Today was the 4th, yes 4th time they have messed up my order. 1st, they forgot my sandwich, 2nd they sent my sandwich to the drive thru, 3rd they sent my iced coffee to the drive thru, and a day later (!) They forgot to make my coffee altogether. Mind you, the last time I was the ONLY person in line. How is that even possible. I can't tell you how many free drinks I've gotten out of this location. These most recent 4 issues are just in the past month. There are many more I could go in to, but I don't have the time or energy to start. If you can put up with the service, then I would say go there to just get free drinks!
5	Not a bad location and definitely way easier than the Bethany Home and 16th St. Starbucks to get in and out of. Definitely a fan!
1	I spend a lot of money each month on my iced coffees and I love Starbucks, but this location gets my drink wrong EVERY time I go there. The reason I continue to go to this Starbucks location is because it is so close to my work and I only get a 30 minute lunch. I wish they could get their service in check!
1	Baristas here are rude! Try to avoid this Starbucks as much as possible. When my dad ordered his drink with his accent the barista (Hanna) at the drive through made fun of him! How insulting. When it was my turn to place my order I made sure to share with Hanna a couple of customer service tips. She was so embarrassed she had someone else give us our drinks. I wish I would have had the chance to talk to the manager about her behavior, but honestly I had more important things to do. Also, on Sunday when I went through the drive through they quickly told me what my total was without asking if there was anything else that I needed. "I am not done yet! " and then the guy laughed. Apparently everything you tell them is a joke. Also, last month they were out of venti cups..... I personally love Starbucks, but when it comes to customer service one bad experience it's all it takes to  lose the loyalty.
3	Average location with drive thru. Employees friendly, but still got a one drink order wrong after confirming at drive thru speaker when ordered and at window where you pay.
2	Generally, my experiences at this Starbucks have been OK (nothing "special" or "extraordinary"); however, while I was ready to give it a "regular" 3 stars, I have to take away one star because of how one employee named David is a legitimate douchebag.  The men's toilet was backed up, and I had to go to the nearby Bashar's to use their restroom instead.  I had no choice but to throw away the cup I was using (and was planning on using to get a refill).  When I returned, I asked for another drink, but at the price I'd pay for a refill.  David asked for a cup, and when I told him I had to leave because of their toilet being backed up and had to discard the cup, he said, "I need a cup before I can give you a refill."  When I pointed out to him, "I wouldn't have had to throw away the cup if it wasn't for the fact that your toilet was backed up," he said, "no cup, no refill."  Throughout the whole exchange, he was barely making eye contact and had a slight attitude.  I get that he was likely following what he was probably told in training, but at the same time, he could have been more accommodating due to the fact that it was THEIR toilet that was backed up, and forced me to leave and come back in order to relieve myself.  Either David needs a corrective meeting with his supervisor, or get out because of his douchebag behavior (which is not acceptable).
1	place is dirty, workers are rude, and, there was a bug in my coffee.  Coffee mugs are not clean, and, they keeps their tables, chairs and areas dirty, you always have to ask to have them clean.  Bathrooms are gross.
