3	Les 3 Brasseurs is part of an international restaurant chain. Friends and I were thirsty, so we stopped at this particular location (on St. Denis) randomly. The venue was fairly large, fairly random, and fairly crowded. Considering the crowd, our party managed to score seats street-side, where others were already relaxing and people-watching.Their menu was amusing, basically a faux newspaper; prices weren't bad. Our server was awesome, and even did a shot with us - there were quite a few shooters on their menu. A few of us had beers.If I lived in the area, I'd stop back in for drinks.
3	When some of the others in our group kept talking about this awesome microbrewery where we were going to go to dinner, I wasn't expecting a chain.  But that doesn't mean that it didn't have good brews and food.  It just wasn't what I was expecting.We had a group of about 8 so it took a few minutes before they were able to find a table for us but our waitress was good with getting us all set up (although she did forget to bring me my water).  Prices are fairly reasonable but I didn't find the menu all that inspiring.  I wasn't feeling well so I was a bit jealous that my dining companions all ordered a sampler of their brews.  I ordered the Euro-Sandwich which was grilled chicken, grilled zucchini, topped with cranberry salsa and brie in a ciabatta bread, served with fries for about $12.00.  It was good, but nothing to really write home about.  I was hoping for more cranberry but it was a pretty small dose.
2	This place reminds me of a Canadian version of a Gordon Biersch, but with worse food (if such a thing can be envisioned). The building and interior are great: Victorian industrial with massive riveted steel beans, dark wood, and superb design. You'd think it one of the finest brewpubs in Montreal until the corporate graphics and other chain-like signs begin to sink in. The beer is brewed on premises in this local chain (supposedly there are some in Paris, too). It is good, but predictable: better than commercial beers but not the equal of the better independents. The food is de-tuned pub food done badly. There are many superior choices for food and for beer in the area.
3	There was not much for a vegetarian to eat.  I ordered a garden salad and some garlic bread.  They were both good.  The dressing on the salad was really, really good.  I ordered a beer cocktail ("tango") which I enjoyed more than I thought I would, and then had a blonde beer which was excellent as well.  My companions had sauerkraut plates with sausages, ham and pork.  The report was that the first two items where "un-spectacular" but the pork was tender and "interesting".  They also had an order of poutine which they enjoyed but was not as good as in other places.  After the initial uninterested and semi-rude people at the door our waiter seemed friendly enough.  We were served pretty fast, specially considering that they were insanely busy.  Would go back for more beer!
3	Cool little rooftop deck on this brewpub chain. The location is good on Rue Saint Denis in the Latin Quarter. Beers were decent.One thing to bear in mind for the American tourist is that Montreal is very smoke friendly and although they can't smoke inside any more, you will see smoking on patios and decks. I saw an American girl at an adjacent table bristle when the occupant of the next table lit up a ciggy.The baked brie appetizer was good, but the service was slooooooow. Also, the tables were so close to each other that I was literally sitting at the next table. I love the line that the greeter gave us when we sat, "You can sit here, but if it rains you are SOL" - it sounds so much better in French though.
3	If this place were just based on location, it would be a 5. They are a local micro brew chain with a nice selections of different beers. This particular one is located in the Latin Quarter. I found this odd, because I think there were more sushi places on this road that Latin. Anyway, we hit the roof top deck. It was packed. The tables were right on top of each other. The weather was very cloudy and it looked like rain. The hostess was sure to let us know that if it started raining, we would have to leave b.c there was no more room in the restaurant. Odd, but fine. We ordered a baked brie app that was quite good. One order is fine for 2 peeps and it came with a small salad as well. Service was a bit slow and since it was outside, people were all allowed to smoke. For cold beers and a quick snack, it is a cool place to hang outside.
5	We ducked into this place on a rainy day over St-Jean weekend, and I immediately loved it. The decor reminds me of old belgian bar-restos--lots of wood paneling and leather-topped barstools. The staff is INCREDIBLY friendly (and can smell an anglophone from a mile away) and attentive, and service was quick and efficient.I had the amber beer, my date has the white beer, and both were really tasty (and cheap!! hooray for Happy Hour!).I had the Tartine Fruits du Mer, and my date had the "Manhattan" Belgian pizza...both were PLENTY of food and very very very tasty.I highly recommend this place, and you can't beat the location on the vibrant St-Denis!!
1	Service was bad, my friend and I were seated at a table for 4 and when the place got busy the server asked (not nicely) us to move to a table of 2. We didn't want to sit at a table of 2 because it was too small for the amount of food we were going to order, then the GM came and asked as to move as we were taking space, needless to say, we got the check and left. Never again I would go back because of the bad service. I mean, I used to work in restaurants so I get it, however if they asked nicely, we would of moved.. I don't know if this is a trend in Montreal resto to ask customer to move but this kind of request has to stop.
3	Not a fan, OK beer, but the service was a little snooty. We had a drink and left.
4	Sat at the bar.  Very friendly, even charged my phone for me.  Beer good.  Flat bread and bruschetta great post hockey game fare.  Convivial, good service, good food, good drinks.
3	Great casual place that serves some classic european meals not easy to find in Montreal.
4	Pleasantly surprised...stopped in because we wanted to try the poutine...menu looked franchise like...and may be.  But the drinks were strong...food was good and service was fast...had the regular poutine and it was delicious.  Gravey was tasty, curds cheesey...then we had the goat cheese flat bread.  That was divine!  Large...very thin crust and tasty...I think it's really a good thin crust pizza...don't know why they call it flatbread...would highly recommend.  Ps...if the owners read this review I would love to put you in one of my stores on south st in center city phila. Penna.   Google it...you guys would be a home run...win win for both of us...may even do a nice fit out for you...message me here if interested...poutine would go over big !!
3	I went there during hockey night, the place was really packed. Although since it is not strictly a sports bar, they do say that every CH game is played there on TV.Given my past experiences with other 3 Brasseurs, I was really amazed by the service, our waitress was very caring and the service was personal.The Onion Rings was a total rip off, if I were to pay 8$ for merely 6 onion rings, they better be plated in gold, soaked with unicorn blood and deep-fried in Lambda olive oil. It tasted nice, but still, onion rings aren't haute cuisine.The Smoke Meat Poutine was really tasty, the gravy was just on point and generously poured over their amazing fries. The Sandwich Euro lacked lots of seasoning, and the mayo was not evenly spread.We waited for almost 15 minutes until our orders were taken, but it happens during a crowded evening.
3	I only come here because I LOVE their beer, but I could care less about the food, I do order their "klnda" pizza from time to time. Come here with a group of friends or to watch hockey games at the bar.
4	First time here; watched hockey match and enjoyed the beers. Order the beer samplers if not sure which beer to choose. Nachos are great; I added steak to it. Smoked meat sandwich is great too
3	Had a late lunch with the wife and decided to try Les 3 Brasseurs on St-Denis. Place was nice and clean warm even on a gloomy day. Beer was good. Service as well. But a 15$ nothing special burger served with frozen fries. Big disappointment.
1	What a joke!!! Horrible food and horrible service. I know the city was packed that weekend ( July 5th 2014) but if you can't handle busy then don't throw tables everywhere. First, we seat down and after 10 minutes the waitress came in. Took forever to bring our drinks ( only soda) and everything was wrong. The food took near 40 minutes and when finally came in, it was cold, not cooked and all over the place. These people should be ashamed to run a business like this. Many people around us left before finishing their plates, and we did the same. Will never go back and don't waste your time going there either. We left very upset.
1	Overall :We saw this place, not realizing it was a chain, and were curious enough to go inside.  We realized within 10 minutes that we had basically stumbled in to the Applebees of Montreal, with the slight difference that they had their own line of beers.  Don't waste your time.Drinks :These were the most bland, flavorless beers I've ever had.  There was a difference between the styles, but not much.  Not worth the water that went into making them.Decor / Ambiance / Service :Nowhere else in Quebec City or Montreal did a waiter or bartender try to shame me because I do not speak French.  My partner is fluent and so often I would wait for her to answer rather than ask for the person to speak English, but the guy behind the counter here was so impatient that wasn't possible.  It wasn't busy, it's inexplicable.  Decor was Applebees/Fridays/Chilis chic, and the terrible music videos above the bar rounded the experience out.
2	I guess this place is good for a couple of beers but if you are hungry, make yourself a favor an look further. The service is ok. They provide few  information and service is slow. I order the new* chicken. It was salty. They marketed as cooked on white beer.. i doubt!
4	Stopped at Les 3 Brasseurs on a Saturday afternoon when we were in the neighborhood exploring. It looked like a great spot to grab a beer and a quick bite to eat. The beer was great and the poutine was awesome! The place had a casual sports bar vibe. The bartender was very friendly and even gave us suggestions on where to go out later that night. We thought we had stumbled upon a really unique spot but it turns out this place is a chain. Turns out I also don't care cause it was pretty great!
4	Good beer and food for a reasonable price. We come often. They also have a different beer every month. Generally crowed when Canadians hockey team is playing.
