4	I enjoy Indian food but find most Indian's come with a layer of grease and can often be quite disappointing. A friend recommended Lancers so we got together and ordered a takeaway from here. I was majorly impressed, there is definitely a jump in quality from the standard Indian restaurant and Lancers Brasserie. The Samosas were like nothing I had ever tasted before, so full of spices and again, without that grease that usually comes with a takeaway. With neither of us being big eaters, we shared the chicken Bryan which we both enjoyed. It was enough for two to polish off. I have heard that the restaurant is much better and the staff are very friendly, although it is maybe a little more expensive than the usual Indian. But I think that is because it is that bit better.
5	A couple of weeks ago, The Man and I were in the pub and in the mood for a curry.  We don't have a go-to curry place because most if not all of the places we've tried have been a bit hit or miss, or generally just a bit meh.  We sought the opinions of those around us in the pub, and Lancers was the resounding winner of the pub poll.  I hopped on The Man's shiny new iPhone to look up the menu and we chose the lamb jalfrezi and chicken biryani, with garlic naan and some odd chicken starter thing (they offer delivery but Captain Genius opted to pick it up, despite the miserable cold weather :/ ) .  I'm not a lamb eater but ooh man was that jalfrezi amazing.  The biryani as well was so so nice, though I wish it had come with more sauce because wow was that stuff incredible.  The sauces had a proper amount of veg in them as well as nice cuts of meat, instead of the usual dodgy stuff, and reminded me of a real homemade curry.  I was really very impressed with both of our mains, though I'll admit the starter was like chicken and foam combined - it had flavour, it's just the texture was strange.  I usually walk away from a curry feeling full and a bit bloated, but Lancers dishes were proper nourishing goodness.I've heard that eating in the restaurant takes it up another notch, so I'll be definitely be planning an evening here asap.
4	So, I ate in the restaurant recently.The food was, of course, still incredibly good and the food is served on these trays with little candles in them to keep everything warm, but .... but ... the service and the atmosphere were definitely lacking.The atmosphere was almost sterile.  It was reasonably modern but not in a chic kind of way.  The room itself has potential to be very interesting but the choice of decor just makes it feel dry and uninteresting.  The wait staff, though, are where the real fault sits.  They were incredibly stiff, never smiled, hardly paid any attention to our table even when we were trying to a) order drinks or b) get the bill.  We'd ended up ordering a bit too much food so, considering this place does takeout, we figured it wouldn't be a problem to ask for a takeaway container.  The miserable look we got from the server said it all.  He did put our food in a takeaway, but he literally mixed everything (side garnish salad and all) into one container and plonked it on our table like it was a bag of rubbish.  The four stars are because, at the end of the day, the food is exceptional and you can order it for takaway and bypass the stuffy staff.
4	So far I have only gotten take-out here, and I'm very happy with the quality if the food. The veggie dishes were full of actual vegetables, nicely spiced. The okra was a big hit, as was the spinach with butternut squash. The mixed vegetable dish we got (I forget which one it was) was less exciting but still decent (just too heavy on the potatoes for my tastes).Prices seemed reasonable for what we got.
4	We recieved great service as soon as we walked in - from taking our coats to hang up, tucking us into our chairs, general friendliness and attentiveness with advise on how much rice and nan bread to order; a bit of humour thrown in and a hot towel to cleanse our hands at the end. I was suprised that there wern't many pakora options on the menu, however it contained a vast selection of other dishes including vegetarian, meat and seafood. We all opted for starters to begin with which were yummy. I had Panir Cutlet - shallow fried cheese - soooooo good and none of the grease that comes with deep fried foods. Normally I have a favourite Indian meal which I order pretty much in every Indian restaurant I go to but I went for something different this time - Kashmiri Murgh - chicken in a mild sauce with tropical fruit and exotic spices. There was plenty of it when it arrived and it was delicious - not too sweet at all! Unfortunately none of us managed to finish our mains because we were just so full from the starters. This is the most enjoyable Indian meal I have had and it didn't leave me with a bloated feeling I normally get after eating Indian food. I will definately be more adventurous with my choices from now on too!The restaurant itself is smallish but light and modernly decorated with a few pictures depicting scenes from India. I would have just liked to feel a bit more of India in the decor.
1	Went into an empty restaurant and asked for a table near the window. Was told nope! You can only sit inthe corner! - it was an empty restaurant at 9.45pm on a friggin Monday! - I walked out, if the service is that bad, I didn't want to try the food!
5	My husband & I are slowly working our way through their Menu, averaging a takeout  every couple of weeks.  We are Never disappointed, full on flavour, good sized portions,  well cooked, delivered in good time and friendly staff.  The prices are good value for the quality of ingredients.   This for us is one of the best Indian Restaurants/Take-Outs in Edinburgh, and we have tried a few over the years!  Now Just looking for an excuse to hire their room for a private party!
