5	I got a wonderful surprise when I traversed the Union Canal for the first time a few weeks ago. It's incredibly beautiful, peaceful, interesting and varied. The canal cuts through the city in a variety of different neighbourhoods, from Wester Hailes on the outskirts, all the way into Fountainbridge in the centre of the town. The scenery and landscapes change according to the areas it passes through so there's a real mix of views, back gardens and local communities as you wander on by. I've only taken the canal path out to Wester Hailes, but I saw plenty wildlife on the water, and even spotted a swan's nest (I'd never seen one before). It's a really lovely place to visit if you're looking for a bit of nature in the middle of an urban environment, it's flat and easy to walk along, well appreciated by locals and one of Edinburgh's secret gems.
5	Claire C... I wasn't going to give the canal a five star review, but you've upped the ante and given me the confidence to follow through with a full bore appreciation of this delightful waterway.I used to have a bus card you know, it helped me get to work come rain or shine. Now that I live in a post-card world I get to enjoy twenty minutes of canal on the way to and fro work. It's a privilege, I have taken to this industrial artery like a duck to... anyway.As the seasons pass the trees grow new leaves afresh, hang low over the water, then bring a shock of yellows and browns as those leaves turn and drop to the water below. It's a lovely thing to see.The ducks and the swans produce their offspring, who gain in confidence and size and before long the place can seem full of them, going about their business.Various boat clubs line my bit of the canal (from Harrison Park to the aqueducts) and the single, double and quad crews ply that stretch with vigour and verve. I feel sorry for them though, for the canal winds and it twists, the can't pass each other easily and evasive action is a regular occurrence.What else happens along the canal? What else? People cycle, ringing their bells like they own the place (hey, who's the Duke around here?); trains rumble through underneath at one point; keep going to the aquaducts and there are roads underneath, the Water of Leith and little people too. Keep going and there's an outdoor gym, where old folk work out between sitting on the equipment to eat their lunch. Canal boats do their boaty thing - you can stop in for coffee and cake if you pick the right one to board. And there's the ice, which doesn't come every year but when it does it tends to stick around, peppered with the footprints of the bold and the fearless.It's a great part of Edinburgh at any time of the year. Really lovely.
4	training for a half marathon means i've spent a fair bit of time running round the many cycle paths and parks that edinburgh has to offer.  this weekend i took advantage of my boyfriend's flats location and went for my weekend runs along the union canal.  i have to say this the canal path has to be one of the best places to run!  it's sooooo flat!!!!!  seriously, almost no inclines at all which makes such a different when i've spent the majority of my training going up and down hills and feeling absolutely knackered after 7 or 8 miles.not only is the canal path flat, but in terms of a nice place to walk or cycle there is some lovely scenery and parks along the way.  it does tend to get a bit crowded when the sun is out, but i've found that people are mostly considerate and will step to the side when they see a runner or a cyclist coming along the path.  it's also great that there are so many points to get both on and off the pathway so that you can pretty much travel through a large part of the west of edinburgh without having to go near a roadway.definitely looking forward to so more runs along this path!
4	Perhaps when I've experienced the Canal in all four seasons I will find that fifth star, perhaps hidden amongst some blossoms or padding along wee ducklings. So far, I've only seen it in winter, with the water half frozen, and with the biting cold hurting my fingers. But as far as a canal goes, it's very well kept, it's long (stretches to Glasgow) and is good for walks, runs and bike rides. Highly recommended canal.
