4	I am about to share a couple of personal comments on the pizza. This doesn't mean I'm complaining. I did give it 4 stars after all. It was a great lunch for my son and I. Also I walked into the door of my house holding leftovers and ate another piece. I'm not certain if this is a matter of my bad habits or the great taste of their pizza.I'd say that the crust is a little too sweet. The sauce is a bit acidic like I can feel the heartburn coming on. At least it's not that slap your tastebuds around nasty tang stuff. It's a good NY tomato tasting sauce.The lady that works there is nothing like my mom, but she is so sweet I wish my mom were more like her. My 7 year old son loved the place, but that would explain why he was the one who recommended it.
5	My company bought us this pizza for catered lunch. I must say that I was very impressed with the quality of the pizzas. The crust was crispy and delicious while the cheese and sauce were clearly made from exceptionally fresh ingredients. This is one of the few pizza places I've ever eaten at where even the "plain" cheese pizza is flavorful and great. I would highly recommend this pizza place to anyone who enjoys good food.
5	My friend got this pizza via take out from across town and I had a chance to try the sausage, pepperoni and meatball pizzas.The sausage and meatball pizzas were up to par with my standards of a real pizza.The pepperoni... oh my... the pepperoni pizza was AMAZING!  Something about it.  First of all, I usually do not go for pepperoni pizza, but this one looked so juicy I decided to go for it!Their pepperoni is not some thin-slized version, this one was actually noticeably thicker than others and the taste was so savory.  I found myself eating even the crust on this one.  It wasn't too greasy and it definitely hit the spot.  The dough of the crust was exceptional and cooked just right... In fact I think I'll have myself one more slice right now!You owe it to yourself to try their pepperoni pizza.
5	Yesterday was the second time I have enjoyed pizza from Sunset Pizzeria. I waited to after this last time to post my review just in-case the first time was a fluke. I don't give out 5-stars very easily especially since I am a Pizza Snob. Anyway, now I am now a fan. The thing that stuck me was lack of grease the pepperoni had. Usually when you order a pepperoni pizza, there is a huge grease puddle at the bottom of the box. Don't get me wrong, I used to love my pizza like I loved my women, hot, fresh, and a little greasy! Now that I am older and have more common sense, I still like hot and fresh pizza, but I can do without the heart-attack juice.
5	Sunset Pizzaria is one of our 'new' favorite pizza stops. It's a small, family owned joint in a strip mall.If your looking for a fancy place to eat-in or a place for a large group gathering, this is probably not where you want to go.If you are looking for fresh ingrediants, great meat, good prices, and an overall GREAT pizza, this is the place.They offer eat in and take out (and of course delivery too!). The style is much like a pizza joint you would find in NY or Chicago. Mike and the family are great! They know most of their regulars by name and you're sure to feel welcome.We just found out about Sunset Pizzeria from a friend a couple of months ago - unfortunately we're leaving Las Vegas. This place has fast become one of our favorites. Tonight we got a large Hawaiin and a Peperoni/Sausage for 6 people who can eat.... The price was less than 1 large at BJ's or Grimaldi's (2 of our other favorites) and we had left overs!! We're really gonna miss this place.
2	Maybe the pepperoni has the same mind altering properties as magic mushrooms because there is no way the other reviewers are reviewing this pizzeria. The women behind the counter and the guy making the pizza were both very friendly and welcoming.  I picked up a menu (pamphlet)  while waiting for my pizza to come out and it reminded me of the Verrazano's Pizza menu in its style and a good portion of its offerings.  So far I was impressed with Sunset Pizzeria. A few minutes pass and my pizza comes out and was piping hot. It looked amazing. The cheese pizza here could pass for extra cheese at most other pizzerias. The first slice tasted pretty good. I'm not sure if it was my near starvation that made it taste good or that fact that it was molten lava hot so my taste buds were scorched from my mouth. The second slice I started to come to my senses and my taste buds regenerated. I could tell there was something  I wasn't a fan of. Third time is the charm right? Nope After the third slice I was convinced the quality was sub par and my hungry belly tapped out. Normally I can easily eat 4-5 slices in my hunger state but  Sunset Pizzeria your flavors or lack there of just didn't do it for me.  It's not that its bad but its not at all good either. I could easily give the service 4 stars  and bump it up to a 3 star review but doing so would be a disservice to fellow Yelpers.  I find Sunset Pizzeria a place you could easily skip and your taste buds will thank me for it. If you must try it its near the bank across from  Sunset Park directly across the lot from Egg and I. The map on Yelp is deceiving.
4	I have worked near here for over 2 years and i have not gone in until the other day. We were going to go to the Park Grill but it is closed. Reminded me of my old hometown pizza places. I saw they sold Chicago Italian beef sandwiches. I ordered that, but they were sold out. I chose the Philly cheese steak. The sandwich was good. I like the cheese they used, and the bread was crunchy, which I prefer. The woman at the counter was very nice and friendly. The pizza looked good. I will go back to try the pizza as they sell Sicilian which is my favorite pizza.
4	Sunset is a great pizza place if you dine-in.    When I have it delivered its not as good but whose is?   Doesnt hold up as well in the delivery but a very good local pizza.
4	Was initially thrown-off by a few minute wait at the ordering area, but was met with a friendly service and left satisfied. The place is hidden and has a no-frills pizzeria decor, but more importantly the food is good. I had the Philly cheese steak sandwich and my dining partner some pizza. The fries that came with my meal were thick cut and delicious. The cheese on my Philly was good provolone, and the sandwich bun was light and crispy. The thin cut steak with mushrooms, bell peppers and onions was awesome. The pizza was good too, albeit a little on the greasy side -- but that could have been the pepperoni. For sure returning and trying out more of their stuff. Great little place with a no-frills vibe and good food.
5	Went back today for lunch. I had the Chicago Italian Beef sandwich. It was fabulous. Had great flavor, crunchy bread. Came with fries and a drink. The sandwich was huge and more fries than one person needs to eat. I had half the sandwich and half the fries. Two people could definitely share this. All for 7.50. The lady who works there is so nice. Makes you feel welcome.
3	My ladies friends and i had a ball for lunch. crisp bread with flavors dancing in my mouth, Beef sandwich, bread, fries, friendly service, more of an east coast vide. The food is good which is important. I like Philly steak sandwich as the fries ate huge and delicious with cheese on it just as for the cheese.Sandwich have it like you want it and they will make it yum.
4	Awesome pizza, chicken fingers  and ranch!! Staff nice.
2	OK there are Not many places that offer Pizza by the slice like Sunset Pizza. However there is nothing spectacular about the Taste. Cheap and cheerful.  Meaning... for a quick bite, that wont hit your pocket book, its ok.
4	Not an attractive place to eat at but the foods really good here. Got the meatballs strombol/calzone whatever they called it but it was was the best one of those I've ate, right out of the oven (about 15 mins to make), everything from the dough shell that kept it all together, chunks of mozzarella, meatball, marinara, onions and pepper was delicious.  it was pretty good size too for about $8.  I ate half and was stuff, enjoyed it that much that an hour later i finished the rest no matter how full i was.  They have a pretty good lunch special menu of 13 choices ranging from about $6-9 all including drinks.Located close to sunset park, if i had more time i would've ate it at the park outside in the sun. Stromboli took around 15 mins to make so I would order by phone first. Everything else they usally make quickly.
5	We order out a couple times a week. My notes on Sunset Pizzeria show that we have ordered delivery from them six times. Pizzas came hot and tasty but, wife would have liked it cooked a little more she likes the bottom crust crunchy. She orders a large (16") with pepperoni. The pizza came with no extra flood of oil all over. The sauce was tasty with a spice twinge and the cheese was melted deep. Pepperoni was hat and snappy for what was a great pie.I had eggplant bake and a chicken bake. Both hot with a very nice marinara and good stringy cheese with it's own flavor. Nice pieces of fried eggplant and some very moist chicken for the other meal.We ordered a Chef Salad to split. The meats were rolled and cut as pinwheels. There was a lot of cold cuts rolled on this salad. Our salad was also mixed with black olive sliced, some pepperoncini, some red onion, nice tomato wedges, a hard boiled egg sliced in half, and a generous amount of lettuce that was torn in good sized pieces. They suggested their own italian dressing that I found flavorful but, a little acrid. The "Boys" split an order of spaghetti with meatballs (2). Great marinara and a couple very large dense and well cooked meatballs. The pasta was well cooked for my taste I'm not a fan of real la dente. The portion fed the two boys and made their eyes roll. It filled them both up. We were supplied with plane crunchy bread and a small loaf of garlic bread that i managed to devour by myself.All this was delivered in an hour hat and ready to eat. The delivery guy was very pleasant, helpful, and provided us with suggestions for our next order. I doubt that Sunset Pizzeria will go without at least one order a week from us "Stay at Homers". On the weekends we go out and during we order out a lot. You like Italian style food, You like Pizza, you like Stromboli???Give the SUNSET PIZZERIA a try. You'll be going back again. See what you get for the price. You can't pass this up.
3	Solid pizza with good service.Smaller shop with less seating.
4	I have only had a few things on the menu, the pizza, and the Philly Cheesesteaks.  My favorite item is easily the Philly with peperoni on it.  Having peperoni added to a Phily is a phenomenal idea that taste soooo good.  Also the prices are pretty good, I got a Philly with Fries and a drink for about $8.50.  Also the pizza is pretty good as well and they have some cheap combos with like 2 slices and a drink for really cheap.  It may not be the greatest pizza, but it's good.  Some might consider it a litle greasy, but I actually like it the way it is, and it has good flavor to it.  People have always been pretty nice here.  Unfortunately they are bears fans...Go Packers..lol
2	I've gone back and forth and back and forth and back and forth again with this place. They're very hot and cold. It's either fantastic, quick service, or rude, slow, and wrong. Yet I continue to order from Sunset and probably will continue because they're food truly is great. And they've got an obscenely massive menu and have something for just about everyone, even those picky eaters. Now that we've got the food done and covered...the man who answers the phone is a condescending chauvenistic jerk. It's "Beautiful" this and "Baby" that. About 50% of the time he answers and those are the times when I hang up the phone and call another restaurant. I don't appreciate being called "Baby" it's completely disrespecful, degrading and it takes every ounce of restraint my tiny body can muster not to drive down there, locate aforementioned jerk and repeatedly smack him over the head with a large, blunt object. There I said it.
3	The reviews of this place were mixed, but we ordered anyway because we didn't want to leave the hotel. The guy who answered the phone was nice and took our order. The delivery was timely and that guy was also nice. A little spendy for delivery of two philly's and a slice of cheesecake, but everything was really good. We'll probably eat there again before we leave.
5	I love this pizza place...There Calazones..Is that the one with regular cheese, or is it the Stromboli?  Ummmm I can't remember, but I don't like the one with that white cheese in it, so that's what changes it from the Calazone to the Stromboli.  But this place is awsome!  We have been going here for 4 yrs, suprised, this was my first check in.
3	Lunch time in my office is like being at a Presidential Debate... Everyone wants something different, so we spend like 30 mins deciding.. Of course if I am buying they usually dont complain.  Well today they wanted PHO, Pizza and burgers... Today i told them you guys are on your own... I wanted a steak sub no cheese, lettuce, tomato, mayo, thats it...  I tried this Sunset Pizza today,,, at the corner of Eastern and Sunset, tucked away in the shopping center... I ordered the steak sub with fries and a drink for $7.50.  I have to say that i really liked this sandwich, there was a good amount of meat, the fries,, what made this stand out was the sub roll... I was really liked this bread... This wasn't the best steak sub ever but I feel this was one of the better subs i have had in the valley...  I reccommend the Steak Sub, will try the pizza next time...  If you are in the area, and can find this joint,, try it out.... Hope this yelpsUpdate  10-22-12Ordered a sicillian pizza, it was ehhhh....  I wont order pizza from here... Maybe you will like it..  Subs are good i cant complain about it.. Pizza not so good... Hope this yelps
5	Small pizzeria on eastern and sunset....I'm alittle picky with pizza but really who isn't! I love the thin crust and sweet sauce....my fave to order is meatball and ricotta with red sauce soooo good. I also have had the wings and chicken fingers also very good and for those who have a ranch tooth...outstanding you could drink it! Today I had as calzone with pepperoni,meatball,and olives very tasty and not to mention huge. Definitely sharable. The staff is friendly and very the pizza man Chris hilarious! I highly recommend even to just stop by for a slice.
2	we used to order from her all the time becasue of the lunch specials over the past few years. Sometimes they are friendly and fast but more times rude and impatient.  my prder contained a melted plasic container of ranch.  Apparently either putting on under hot greasy foos seemed like a good idea.  Now i know why I order once very blue moon.  oh to top it off my onion rings were raw on the inside :/  wish they were as good as the used to be
5	We LOVE sunset pizza. I think my family probably orders a pizza from here 1 sometimes 2 times a week! We've gotten a plain cheese pie which is great and have also tried the pepperoni and mushroom. The sauce is yummy and a bit tangy not sweet like some other sauces. The crust is my favorite. Thick enough to hold together the sauce, cheese and toppings but not too thick. The whole pie is cooked until the crust is crispy but not too done. Great NYC style folding pizza! and everyone who works there is super nice and delivery is pretty quick.
2	I hate to give such a low rating because I am a loyal fan and have been since they opened. However, for the past year, every time I order delivery my order has been cancelled or postponed by an extra hour due to having a late or no delivery driver, -_- I love your food, but if you don't have a dependable delivery service I'm going to have to order elsewhere.
