1	I've about had my fill of the cheery commercials running for this outfit on local radio right now!  Here's how it was for me when I went & tried to spend hundreds of dollars with them:You walk in, & the listless employees are just barely moving.  There are only a couple of other customers in the store, but it still takes a long time to be waited on.Finally, my number gets called.  This jerk acts very put out that he has to wait on me.  I ask him for a price on a certain item that they carry.  Even though I give him their item number, & it takes him a long time to find it in the catalog right there in front of him.  At one point, he even tries to tell me they don't carry it!  Finally, he quotes me a price, with the most awful attitude that you can imagine.  The price is hundreds of dollars more than I know the item should cost, because I checked around a little before coming in.     :-((I decide to try Heldt Lumber, up in the middle of town, instead, because I've had only great experiences with them.  The cheerful fellow there acts as if he's glad I'm there to buy something!  He says they don't carry my item, but he can get it.  He quotes me a price for the item HUNDREDS of dollars less than the jerk at Grainger.  I order it, & it arrives just as promised, in a few days.     :-))This Granger was so horrible that I think it's a shame they remain in business.  I can't remember ever having tried to buy from anyplace so awful!     :-O
4	I don't agree with the previous review, but we all have our own experiences. I do agree that on some items their prices can be very high. However all of the staff here are super nice, always go out of the way to help me when I come in, whether its locating and item on the shelf, looking one up for me when I have no clue what the heck my technicians at work asked me to get, or even bringing items to my car for me. The store manager Mike is awesome too! I always see Anita or Lenard when I am in there and they are nothing but awesome!
5	I went in looking for an item I didn't really expect to be in stock, and it wasn't. The gentleman said they could have it in 3 days and I agreed to that; I was in no hurry. Then, before placing the order, he asked if I had checked at a place right down the street from them. I went to that place and they had what I needed.That means a lot to me; putting customer service over making a sale. It was only going to be less than a $10 sale but, I know a lot of businesses that still would not have sent me to a better place.Place seemed semi-busy to me but I didn't have to take a number or ask for help. They came to me while I was just browsing and helped me right away.
