2	Meh! Whoever can wear something from All Saints and pull it off is a better person than me! I can't understand the ruffles, the layers and the belts......a girl wants to look smaller, right?  But the All Saints stuff adds layers to the hips and shows boobs. Hmm..!!I found the staff in here to be a bit pretentious if I'm being honest....I got the whole head-to-toe look when I went in today, and I'm pretty sure they were talking about my outfit. As well as being just plain odd, the price tag is extortionate.Although I have seen a few nice things in here, and bought myself a lovely jacket once, I think it's a hit or a miss
2	All Saints is the kind of store that caters for beautiful people. You know these skinny, model like clothes horse characters. Or Z-List celebrities. Either way, if you are none of these things chances are you A. won't be able to afford to shop in here, or B. the clothes will not look good on you.All Saints is very trendy in a sort of "I am so much better than you" kind of way. Overall, I just find All Saints rather boring and pretentious and will always bypass it on my walk down Princes Street.
3	The best way to describe All Saint's gear would be that it looks like the kind of stuff a tramp would wear if he read Vogue and watched E4. What's also unique is that any female in All Saints clothes will find it impossible to convince anyone she's made an effort, while a male in All Saints clothes will find it impossible to convince anyone he's heterosexual.If you don't look like you dress, act and think like the staff, expect a frosty welcome. It's not somewhere I really feel comfortable shopping, but if you're exceptionally shallow and like things because people tell you to, then All Saints might be for you.
3	Sporting lots of earthy colours and urban themed outfits, All Saints stock some unique attire.  It seems All Saints are the figurehead of a 'ripped and rough' resurgence when it comes to their clothing: a welcome change to the clean and crisp styles of H & M et al.Prices can be steep and will have you just plain pissed off when you find a perfectly fitting and stylish piece that bares a hefty price tag . Still, I find their image pretty cool and always have a browse.
3	I feel a little ashamed to say I rarely venture far down enough on Princes Street to get to All Saints! I was walking around handing out CV's when I stepped into this clothing store for the first time.I'll just say the clothes and shoes got me a little more excited about the prospect of working there! Still haven't heard from them (probably lost my Cv..ahem) but I'd be more than happy to go on a shopping spree in there. The style is exactly what I personally like; their clothes are very minimal, with neutral colours, and a deconstructed edge, so I wouldn't go here if I were trying to achieve a more glamorous look. They've also got a vintage collection that I love!  However, All Saints is priced heads above its peers on Princes Street, so I'd hope their clothes are much better quality...
4	I have a love / hate relationship with All Saints.I love their distinctive tailoring and soft cotton & jersey materials.I love their palette of different black, grey, cream and white garments.I love their use of hand drawn skulls and old black and white photos.I love their Laurie Lipton tees.And I love the way their dresses and tunic tops move like ghosts. I hate the fact that none of their clothes ever fit me!
