5	One word - YUM!! The atmosphere at this place is very welcoming with all the t.v.'s and friendly staff. The polish sausage was tasty and the best was the sauce you get with it. It's their special sauce which you can order hot, mild or mix. I got mine extra hot. The jerk wings were also spicy and with lots of flavor. My sister ordered the BBQ chicken pizza and I can see why it's popular. They had a bunch of specialty shots on the bar for $1 or $2 and I heard they have karaoke on Friday nights and live bands on some nights. This place is great!
2	This is the old OTB on High Cross with the softball fields/sand volleyball courts and is half-bar, half restaurant/banquet area. I have been only once since they changed ownership.I hear that they have good food, mostly reminiscent of the apparently hallowed former Chambana institution of the same name. The word is the current owners bought recipes from the family that ran the old Po' Boys. Next time, I'll try the BBQ.When I went (in winter), I had beers and a fried cheesecake with jelly syrup and ice cream dessert in a martini glass. It was really good. Service was also good. Beer selection was pretty good, about a half-dozen of the usual suspects on tap with a better selection in bottles, although the prices were kinda high.The room on the right seems perfect to rent out for a medium to large size gathering. I have been a over the summer to watch folks play sports (when it was still the OTB), and it is pretty good for that. Decent prices on light beer in bottles.All in all, this place is merely average at best, with prices a little higher than I would expect. If you live out in the country and this is the closest place to you, I can see it being your go-to place, especially to watch sports. If you live in central Chambana, dont have a softball or volleyball game there, and are not a BBQophile, you have no reason to go to Po' Boys.
5	REALLY love this place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)Went with a bunch of my cousins and was able to try a bunch of thingsMy little 6 year old cousin LOVED the chili.. she ate more than she normally ever does! she shocked us allRibs were AMAZING!  I got the hottest sauce cuz that's who I am but still mouthwateringMy 18 year old cousin finished the pork bbq in about 4.5 seconds flat.. no joke.. inhaled.. and then helped his dad on his huge pizza... My cousin's wife ate all of her pork tenderloin and I really didn't think she would.. just lots of food!My 11 year old cousin who is picky in eating insisted in bringing home the leftover and the sauces.. when her mom asked why she brought home the sauces she responded with "the ranch and honey mustard they gave us are better than what we have in the fridge"family owned.. much love.. fast service and great food.. please do yourself the justice and go here!!!  DELICIOUS!!!!!! :)
2	No thank you.The service at po'boys is nice, but the food was just...hideous.  I went on a Sunday afternoon with a friend and we managed to choke down al the food in front of us and immediately regret it.  The barbecue was just absolutely gross and the location itself was entirely lackluster.  While I know it has its fans, I just can't do it, PB.  I'm sorry.
2	I was unfortunate enough to come here, not of my own decision. I sat through an hour of slow service, terrible food, and noisy children. I walked out to my car across the fake grass as fast as I could.
3	went recently on a Friday evening.first impression, Clean and BRIGHT!had the BBQ sampler since we hadn't eaten here before.baby back ribs; tasty and tender.smoked sausage; flavorful, not too hot (spicy)pulled pork, tasty and tenderroast beef, a little dry, not much flavor. it seemed like the same beef that would be served as Italian Beef, with au jus and a pepperoncini, i'm sure it would be fine.sides:mac and cheese; pretty standard, nothing to write your mom about.baked beans:  tasty, flavorful,  not too spicycole slaw:  a nice blend of vinegar and creaminess.kettle chips: home made and crunchy!PIES! PIES! PIES!i had the banana/strawberry on a graham cracker crust, while Lisa had one called "Millionaires Pie" (ingredients unknown).we like the pie so much, we bought carry out two days later for more.the pecan, peach/blueberry, Millionaire, banana/strawberry were all very good.save your fork, there's PIE!!!yeah, we'll be back and try the pizza next.
4	Po Boys is the place for BBQ and Pizza!!Its my opinion that you should combine both tasty delicacies and have the BBQ Pizza! The pulled pork pizza is out of this freakin world!!! If BBQ is more your style without the za' then you will be pleased to know that Po-Boys has 3 different BBQ sauces to choose from! The service is amazing and very attentive.... Oh and did I mention THE HOMEMADE PIE!Every time I stop in Urbana I always make sure to eat at at Po-Boys because its just that good!!!
5	PoBoys is great!!I had the Pulled pork pizza with the original BBQ sauce, I wasn't sure how pulled pork on Pizza would be and I was very happy with my decision, the pizza was GREAT!Someone else at my table ordered a mixed BBQ sampler- GOOD.  BBQ Sauce has a good balance of sweet and spicy.What really sold me was the salad bar, I love to add my own fixins to my salad, this is key for me.  The other big seller for me...homemade PIE...amazing.  We were too full to actually eat the pie in the restaurant so we took 3 slices home, yes 3, and all were amazing.Service:I went on a Friday afternoon for lunch.I was seated quickly and had a water and drink from the bar in a few minutes.  My order was taken quickly and our food came out soon after.  Support a family-owned small business over a chain restaurant.
5	I have been to Po-Boys a few times and think it's amazing!  As a vegetarian I have not been disappointed by the salad bar or pizza.  We have gone as a large group and everyone was very happy with their meal and the staff is super friendly!  I highly recommend you check this place out!
2	No atmosphere. Unimpressive food. The pie (which they rave about) had a thick graham cracker crust that was disgusting. No real beer selection. Won't be back.
