5	My mom thinks I come to see her in Arizona because I want to come and see her. What she doesn't understand is I just come for the In-N-Out.Ok, so that may not be totally true, but it's part true. My first taste of In-N-Out was in San Fran. Now, my only taste comes when I visit for the holidays. A forever yearning that is satisfied but once a year. The animal fries beckon. Will you heed their call?Why aren't you in Seattle?! WHYYYYYYYYYY
5	Dangerously delicious burgers.
5	When you're looking for a place to eat with not much time but you're not willing to sacrifice taste just for a "quickie meal", In-N-Out is a great place to go!  Although many places claim they have "The Best Burgers" in town, the brutal reality is most places don't!! The coolest thing about In-N-Out; they don't talk the talk but they do walk the walk by delivering good eats consistently whether your in LA or Phoenix.  Their menu is smaller than most places and some peeps think they are limited to what they can order, but that just means they have not really experienced the true uniqueness of In-N-Out like a lot of us have ordering from their "secret menu"!! My son usually gets a 1X1 with catchup, fries and a Neapolitan Shake ~ strawberry, vanilla and chocolate blended together.  My bride usually orders a protein style 1X1 burger with catchup & mustard and grilled onions with a diet.  For me, it's a 2x2 or 3x2 animal style with extra toast and well done fries!  DELISH!! The person with me today had a 5X5 aka; the "take a nap afterwards" burger with hot melty cheesy well done fries and black and white shake!  It looks AWESOME!They have never got my order wrong despite me ordering something cooked a different way with each visit.  They have that cute red and white decor/packaging and include an inscription like "John 3:16" and "Proverbs 3:5", which is awesome!So the next time you're ready for fast food, don't make the mistake and go to just any burger place, go to In-N-Out! Order something from their "secret menu" but don't tell anyone...
4	Solid - basics, basics, basics.Nuthin but burgers and fries- its a winner, not exactly Shake Shack, but definately hits the spot.
5	In-N-Out, how I love you.  Always fresh, place is always immaculate.  Employees are always incredibly helpful and friendly even when my bf tries to entertain them with his cheesy jokes and quizzes them on the secret menu, and his interpretation of it.
5	messy to eat----but ohhhh so good
4	What can you say? It's In-N-Out. It's bound to be good. I'd say this one was as good as any other. It particularly hit the spot that day, but I think it was more because I was hungry.I will say this about the location: it's a great stop on the way to Sedona/Flagstaff or anywhere else north.
1	Wow, I cannot see what all the hype is about. They totally screwed up my order. Apparently you need to learn another language to f-n order here.  When I asked for "meat, cheese & bread" I've been informed that I should have asked for "Dry".  WTH is up with that?  Totally NOT impressed!  Won't be back! Too pissed off....
5	My favorite burger...even better being next to Krispy Kreme, take care of two meals at once!
5	Never disappoints - love the cheeseburger with grilled onions and their sauce
5	IN-N-OUT IN MAH BELLY!So freaking good it's almost criminal. Small menu here but what they do they do most excellently.As we had a long ride up to Sedona today and needed to get some gas in the tank I noticed the sign on the highway for this In-N-Out location and made a bee-line for it after hitting the gas station. Did not want to get all bloated and sleepy by ordering off the "secret menu" so I went with the basic crave satisfying meal of a double double, fries, and a Neopolitan shake.Good beejeezus this burger is like an orgasm in your mouth! Two beef patties of juicy goodness, fresh lettuce and tomato, crisp onion slices, and a soft buttery bun. Oh my! Decent enough fries and a thick delicious shake to wash it all down. Just ridiculously tasty! This location itself is super clean with a cool retro look to it like back in the 1950's. A bunch of tables outside on a front patio that we ate on with the perfect weather out today. It just doesn't get any better then this!That little devil on my shoulder kept taunting me to eat another burger, but I had to resist. Sedona was calling and it was a long ride. After this I already needed a nap!
4	This location never fails on the customer service.  They are nice...And... I love the burgers... and the cool language. :)Protein style: no bunAnimal style: grilled onions in sauce, can go on both burgers and friesDry: bun, meat, and cheese onlyGrilled cheese: two slices of melted cheeseDouble meat: this is obvious3x3: 3 meat patties4x4: 4 meat patties (you might get a heart attack with this one as well... yikes!)
4	I like these burgers, its cheap, its relatively fast even when busy, and I like that I like these burgers even though it seems like I enjoy the huge piece of tomato and lettuce more than the meat.
5	In-N-Out. IN through my mouth and OUT through "making toilet" as Borat Sagdiyev would say. It's the 2nd best In-N-Out I've ever been to, second to the one in Atascadero, CA off of Route 101. Ordering off the secret menu is key and I had the 3x3 done Animal Style with fries and a strawberry shake. Nice job guys - the patties, meat and toppings were perfectly placed, the cheese was perfectly melted and oozing and it was put together perfectly. The wax paper allowed for the burger to maintain its integrity and because of this, you are a solid 4.5 Yelps although Yelp will not allow me to do this. You get 5 Yelps for being the 2nd best rounded up.THIS has been a review by Gaurav
5	I love IN-N-OUT Burger! I'd say, the best and healthiest fast food place around.
5	I saw a huge drive-thru line and was scared that the line inside would be also long. Fortunately, it wasn't. Food and service were perfect as always.
5	yum
3	Come on people. What's the obsession about? The burgers are very simple. Do you realize the only thing that makes them different is thousand island sauce? The fries, on the other hand, are very unique and tasty. The malts/shakes are warm (is that possible?). Across the street, a McDouble is only a dollar and the fries are even better (everyone knows that). Plus, their shakes are somehow cold.
4	Love that In-N-Out. Fast food normally makes my skin crawl, so I extra super duper love this place since everything is yummy tasty and (although I'm reluctant to research too deeply), from what I know, nothing in their ingredients would make me wanna vom. Cool!
4	Great, quick burgers! Ask for a side of spread for your fries.
4	Located on HWY17 on exit 223.  You'll pass this spot if you are heading to Sedona.  If you are out of town and visiting, make sure you stop for one of their DoubleDouble burgers. We stopped here and hit their drive thru for a quick meal before getting to the airport.  Service is fast enough and the burgers are good. I would ask them to put less cheese on the burger the next time.The taste is easy to describe, a beefy beef burger, with crispy greens, onions and a soft butter bun. Its the anti-McD burger.  You can actually taste all the individual ingredients, from beef to tomatos to the buttery bun.Everything is made fresh, and their fries are hand cut and fresh fried.. not the frozen McD stuff..
1	its a frigging fast food restaurant people, rating it higher than 1 means youre part of the overweight masses killing this country
4	This In-N-Out Burger is located conveniently off of the HWY17 and the Carefree Highway (223A) and is hidden in the large plaza to the left after directly turning right when getting off the highway. This location is a lot like the other In-N-Out Burger locations in terms of friendly service, clean tables, and nicely air-conditioned. The woman at the register was very attentive and friendly, the food tasted especially fresh at this establishment, and the food was out within about 5 minutes of ordering it.
3	It's an ok burger but that's it. I am not sure what all the raving about the burger is about? Fries are tasty. I love men in paper hats!
5	This place is the bomb! Food is always fresh .. I can't get enough!!!! I highly recommend this place
3	This burger is ok. It is not the dreamy burger everyone rants about. The fries are pretty good though.
5	Great service! Everyone is so nice and the food is cooked fast and presented nicely! Love this location...we are regulars :)
4	Let's do it Animal Style, oh yeaah! Haha and thanks to learning about the not-so-secret menu, I was able to get my burger "Protein Style" too, so no buns here, just wrapped in lettuce! Messier, yes,  but healthier as far as fast food goes, and usually it doesnt.  I NEVER get fast food, I don't mean rarely, or hardly ever... I mean... nevaarr because as Jillian Michaels so elegantly puts it, "that sh*t isn't food!". But I'm in the South temporarily and I had to try it once before heading back up to the frigid midwest.The service was of descent speed, the cashier girl who took our order was exceptionally bubbly, and the food was ok.  I am used to eating majority clean foods, so it made my tum tum hurt a bit, but it was tasty! I accompanied my burger with a chocolate milkshake, but no fries, still trying to keep it relatively healthy... but my cousin ordered some fries and they didn't look horrible.  I think they literally grab a potato, slice it into fry shape, and fry it up fresh on the spot just for your order... maybe, I think that's similar to how their process works.I didn't get any soda or beverage but the pink lemonade actually did look appealing,  perhaps if I go back again I shall give it a try. They have ample seating indoors and an outdoor patio with some sunny spots and some shady spots.  The indoor area has booths and tables, which are handicap accessible. Also, they have a drive-thru, of course as 99% of all fast-food places do these days.It was fine for a once in awhile "treat" or splurge, but I wouldn't make a habit of it. As I write this, and my food has settled, the burps and after taste are quite uncomfortable :-/I know there is basically a cult following for this place, but I just don't get it.
5	We LOVE this place. The employees are so nice and professional and the burgers are delicious. I love the fresh homemade fries. Why would you go anywhere else?
4	When you don't have access to an In & Out you just appreciate it that much more.   So I might be a little biased but it was still a great burger.
5	I can't even consider in and out to be fast food, more like an awesome burger place that just so happens to have a drive thru and speedy turn out time. The staff is always friendly, I love that I can watch them make my food = no secrets or fallen patties ending up on my burger.My family visits in and out on average once a week and we have never had a rude employee, wrong order or any other occurrence that would be normal at any other fast food place.
4	Ok, so what can I say about In - N - Out that I haven't already said, probably very little, but here it goesHere is what I want out of my In-N-Out Burgers.1. Super Fresh Burger cooked exactly how I ask for it.2. Super Clean Restaurant and Bathrooms3. Super Friendly StaffEverything was great here, except for one of our burgers had no lettuce and had twice the tomatoes.  Hmmmmmmmmmm, never seen that before.  Big issue?  Not at all.  Surprising?  Yes, they are usually so spot on.  Am I a fan still?  Um, yeah, of course, love this place and will be back next time I am in the area.
5	Get in my belly!!!  I could eat this everyday and not get tired of it!We had some newbies in the group and the staff was extremely friendly in explaining all of the toppings that go on top of the burgers. We had 5 burgers, 4 fries, and a shake, all for $21! Delicious and cheap? That is my kinda place!The place is also spotless and I like that try make their fries from scratch. Enjoy!
5	Super fast service. Food is always great and they always seem so organized and clean. We don't spend a lot of time waiting. If there was ever a problem they fix it everytime with no rudeness.
1	I cannot, for the life of me, understand why people like this place. We have eaten here once before and didn't like it (this was about 6 years ago) so I decided to try it again.....everyone else loves it, right?!?! These burgers are dry and tasteless. I don't like the fries, my kids didn't like the hamburgers or the grilled cheese (which comes on a hamburger bun?!).The experience at this particular location was average. My wait was too long - considering there are like 2 things on the menu. Oh well, I guess I cannot count myself among the masses that love this place.
4	It was late, we had already been on the road nearly 4 hours coming back from the Grand Canyon, we were in need of a burger and fries.  As two chicks from the Northeast, we knew we had to get THE burger and fries.  Mcdonald's would just not do.  We decided to Yelp In N Out, and there it was, half a mile off the exit.This location is laid out like any other In N Out location.  The basic menu was a glimmer of hope after a long and exhausting day.  The girl working the register was very nice and it turned out to be her first day.  I ordered a cheeseburger with animal-style fries, while my friend went with a double-double and regular fries.  The orders were a bit slow coming out but this is a place that makes everything fresh and I seemed to have forgotten that.The food was good, as always.  It's hard to screw up the food here.  The service was friendly and the staff was singing along to songs playing on the radio (it was a quiet night, I can't fault them for that).  This definitely hit the spot.
4	It's fast food chain done right -high quality - they only locate stores that they can reach from their own distribution centers, always fresh foodconsistent experience - these places will always be clean, they will have cheerful staff, you know what's on the menu and there aren't any surprises.good prices - a hamburger, fries and a soda for under $6 - with taxes -  how often can you say that?the menu is simple in terms of the basics of what is offered but highly creative in terms of how you can get it served (animal style fries - who else does that?)it's an experience, it's the kind of place you probably won't go to every day but when you do,  you know that you'll get a great burger at a good enough price that you don't have to skip the fries.
5	Very good food. They are not kidding when they say it's quality you can taste! I come here at least once a month if not more. Staff is nice and tables are clean.  Don't Kidd yourself, they are the best around.
5	I don't normally eat fast food but this chain restaurant i give it 5 stars. The store was very clean and they had great customer service. It's mostly teens working their and they had a great attitude. I will definently go back to this in n out.
5	Never seen so many kids work so hard at a fast food restaurant. This place was crazy and they are getting them in and out. Great job manager
