5	very special... the food, the people, the placefresh fish is very important for sushi and this place have it...an incredible and extensive menu is supported by the amazing chef'sthey also have very good selection of Japanese sake and beer.
5	I am a weekly regular at Blue Fin.  The food is outstanding and fresh, and INNOVATIVE!  I love all of the staff and chefs.  The green iced tea is amazing (made with matcha), and the chefs are always creating new and unique items to keep me coming back.I have tried "Japanese toast" - crab and scallops on garlic bread, "Guacasake" - guacamole wrapped in salmon with wasabi tobiko and ikura, "Japanese spring roll" - thin rice paper wrapping rice, salmon, avocado, crab, fried with a chile sauce, etc - all sorts of fun items "off the menu"Ask the chefs to make something unique to your tastes  I like to go in and get what is fresh - I highly recommend yellowtail belly and if it is available, the Aji (Spanish mackerel).If you get a dinner special, you can get tons of sushi, a huge delicious salad (love the beet strands), and miso soup.  The prices are right and the service is perfect.Join me at Blue Fin!!  I am always at the sushi bar and this place deserves more attention!UPDATE July 2009: I still come here every 1-2 weeks and the service and food continue to be outstanding, fresh, and innovative.  I have taken countless friends and family here.  The chef made my father a special tasting menu of his favorites for his birthday.  My mom, grandma and I came in - my mom has not had sushi in years ever since a food poisoning from a place in TX, and my grandma does not eat sushi.  She enjoyed the udon, and my mom took the plunge and fell in love with yellowtail belly.  The tempura is light and crisp, the salad has a nice dressing, and she was so pleased with everything.  We tasted a seared cajun tuna dish atop the most thinly shredded potato pancake...fabulous!
5	This place is AWESOME.  Fresh food, well-prepared, with both classic selections and great innovation through their specialty rolls.  The prices were great, even offering all you can eat specials for lunch and dinner.  This is not "all you can eat" quality, though, it's sit-down, specialty quality!  Fantastic service, too.  I can't say enough great things about this place.  I found it through Urban Spoon during a trip to Vegas, and couldn't believe it wasn't packed on a Saturday night!  Go here anytime you want great, great sushi!
5	I feel like I need to write an update since somehow I am the only reviewer and I last reviewed in November 2008.  This is hands down the best sushi place in Vegas.  I grew up eating Gulf Coast sushi in Houston and always thought that was the freshest, the best...but seriously, Chef Jin gets fresh fish daily, and gets his hands on anything exotic.Last night he treated me to madai, Japanese snapper, a fresh fish he sliced off the filet during dinner.  He is always creating new things.  I just go and never order - he makes whatever (knows what I like and what I don't), and he and his wife (the outstanding waitress and hostess Yura) are so kind.  I get matcha iced tea without asking.  I have a favorite seat.  They put on sports on the flatscreen when I come in.Honestly, I worried when he added all-you-can-eat because the quality is too good.  You can get any roll, any appetizer (including hamachi kama), any salad, any nigiri, handrolls, ikura, uni, sweet shrimp, tempura, mochi, you name it - for $25.95.  I only do all you can eat on a rare occasion because I usually just eat nigiri and maybe a handroll or interesting creation.  Rolls are too filling for me.In summary, the food is great, the service outstanding, the atmosphere quaint and casual, the prices reasonable, the green iced tea yummy, hot sake ready, and for the special occasion, I get the chocolate souffle for dessert.  I couldn't live without this neighborhood joint!  Just see my zillion pics for food inspiration.
4	This review is  for you Lisa L. It was a cold Tuesday night and I was craving sushi. I was driving down Flamingo from a friend's house planning on making a stop at Yama Sushi. For some reason, I remembered Ms. Lisa's 5 star rating. So I made a quick detour down Sandhill and off to Sunset road I go. I had the AYCE option. There were so many rolls to choose from.  I hate making these decisions. I am sure that all the rolls taste good. My game plan was to eat Nigiri, appetizers and some rolls.  I started with soft shell crab, vegetable and shrimp tempura. Very good, not overly breaded and made fresh to order.  Just a note: the tempura sauce needs a bit more sweetness. For sushi - I had the over the rainbow hand roll, salmon skin roll, garlic tuna, yellow tail, amaebi (sweet shrimp) with fried head of course! The fish tasted really fresh. The sweet shrimp was awesome. Salmon skin- uh hello it is salmon skin, it is going to be good no matter what. The chef also made me three half rolls that were pretty good. Just be forewarned that eating rolls will get you full quick.  I did not try the yellow tail collar because I was so freakin stuffed. Darn it!!!! I got lucky , the sushi bar was pretty slow on this particular night which enabled me to order leisurely. The restaurant is small and I could  imagine this place getting busy quick. They have outdoor seating which would awesome during the nice weather months. To sum up my experience as a Blue Fin first timer. I would have to say that I was very pleased with Ms Lisa's recommendation. I am most likely to come back soon and bring some reinforcements with me so we can try everything.
5	The presentation and quality of the fish at Blue Fin is spectacular.  This is the best all you can eat sushi I have had in Las Vegas.  The rolls are very creative - there are a lot of shrimp tempura rolls to choose from (which happen to be my favorite).  I love nigiri and this place gets it RIGHT - generous cuts of fish with the perfect amount of wasabi.The food comes out a bit slow - but both times I have gone there was only one sushi chef at work.  Plenty of other non-sushi items on the menu too.
5	Went for the first time with my boyfriend tonight, it was a great meal! We had the AYCE option and got multiple orders of nigiri; several orders of yellowtail [probably too many, but it's the boy's fave and sooooo good], salmon, tuna, uni, unagi, amaebi & octopus/tako. All were fresh, tasted sweet and the uni, unagi and amaebi were especially fabulous. The uni was the freshest I've had at any AYCE, with a glossy sheen and a lovely buttery, creamy texture and sweet, subtle flavor. Unagi pieces were large, supple, served warm with the sauce warm and thick. Normally not a particular fan of unagi, it looked so good that the boy couldn't resist. The amaebi were like the photograph, with a gorgeous sheen and transparent, tender flesh, as well as having the deepfried heads to the side. The boy was impressed by how the drops of batter on the end of the shrimp's whisker/spine looked like a flower. :} I ate the heads, and they were great- had a good flavor and were cooked perfectly. We also tried the Rock n' Roll and the Bluefin Special roll. The Bluefin special was the better of the two, with a great spicy sauce studded with lots of masago and herbs. Very flavorful & quite a big roll. The Rock n Roll was tasty, but it lacked the sauce that makes it truly outstanding. We were still happy to see it on the menu, though. At one point, we asked the chef to create a special of his choice for us and he made a roll with lots of yellowtail, masago, crab, herbs and other things. Very yummy. Tried the calimari tempura and baked green mussels as well. The calimari had a light crispy coating, not too greasy, and had a nice springiness without being too chewy. My boyfriend was particularly enamored with the presentation of the mussels, in a small bowl with little indents to hold the individual mussels in a bath of flavorful mayo sauce. Lastly, the poki salad was good. It was a combination of tuna, seaweed salad, shredded daikon, lots of herbs, and a flavorful sauce- and was another favorite of the boy. There were many layers of flavor, and it was different from the usual poki I run into. It was actually the first thing we tried and we were both rapidly impressed. It was quiet when we went, so the orders were prompt and we were given ample attention. As soon as we finished the waitress cleared the path for the next order, and both sushi chefs were friendly and chatted with us while we ate. Two other groups ate during the time we were there, which makes me glad because the food is GOOD, and this place needs to prosper! If you're in the area, go here for a good sushi meal, then drop by The Olive for a post-dinner drink and a hookah at reasonable prices. Awesome, awesome!
4	The companion and I were looking to get some good sushi on our way out of town and AYCE definitely sounded great. We got a tip on this place from my friend Yelp so we drove across town to check it out.We honestly thought it was closed because the parking lot was nearly as empty as the inside of the restaurant. However when we got inside we were guided to our seats at the sushi bar and greeted by a very exuberant sushi chef. We perused the menu for a moment and began the ordering frenzy. AYCE be damned, we were going for the gold.After several rolls of varying shapes and sizes we began asking for suggestions. The chef is very amusing, often tempting us with other people's orders and simply saying "don't be shy, order more!" To which was happily replied, "oh we will... we will."And we did this, through several different rolls. I have a couple of favorites:White Tuna Nigiri: Super clean and fresh. Cut superbly and just melts in your mouth.Unagi Hand Roll: As good as you can get anywhere. Definitely fresh and the sauce they drizzle on top is great.Blu-Fin Special Roll: Perfection. Just try it and you'll understand.We made an excellent decision to come here. I highly recommend you visit this place whether you're a local or a visitor. It may be a moderate drive across town, but the quality is worth the trek.
4	Another review goes out to Lisa L.! We are always on the lookout for great AYCE sushi - and we're bigger fans of the fish itself and not the rolls.  Blue Fin Sushi definitely impressed up with the quality of their fish.First off, Blue Fin is a small restaurant - more like a mom and pop's place.  It's almost better to keep this place on the down low because I would hate to have to wait for a seat here.Our party of three plus toddler went for the AYCE dinner option at $25.95/pp.  First off - uni, limit one order per person and dinner only.  Because of the weather in California, they did not get their shipment.  Oh.  Would they be willing to give us an extra order of amaebi then?  Yes.  Sweet!  And when it arrived, it looked just fabulous and tasted good too!We went to work ordering a bunch of nigiri and was pleasantly surprised with how they came out.  More often than not, AYCE sushi places just shove as many pieces on a plate as they can.  But they actually presented it quite nicely for us, which we appreciated.  We were especially impressed with their super white tuna, which I am certain was escolar.  (Super white tuna usually means albacore, so escolar is definitely a highlight!)  Their version of ikura was a bit different - it actually seemed like they made it themselves since the eggs didn't separate and were still within the sac, if that makes any sense.Another highlight was their spicy rolls - I'm not a fan of the Sriracha-based kind and this was mayo-based.  Yum!We also really enjoyed their Soft Shell Crab Tempura (limit one order per person, dinner only).  It had a nice batter and was definitely tasty!The Husband ordered the Grilled Yellowtail Collar (limit one order per person, dinner only), but hoped they had forgotten since he was getting full.  When it did arrive, it was a huge piece!  It looked like the equivalent of two collars usually served at other restaurants!Another highlight - unlimited dessert! Green tea and red bean ice cream, mochi ice cream, and tempura ice cream are available.  The tempura ice cream is a huge scoop and we were surprised with how generous it was.Service did take a bit long, and we were there for a good while, more than the hour time limit.  But there was only the only waitress and the restaurant definitely was filled to the max while we were there.  In this case, we didn't mind - but if it was just the two of us, we might have gotten a bit anxious.Overall, Blue Fin Sushi is a place I would recommend for good quality sushi.  I can't comment on their fancy rolls, but we liked what we ate and would definitely go back!There are outdoor tables, but I'm not sure it they open them up when the weather gets better or not.Lunch (11:00 am to 3:00 pm) $21.95/ppDinner (3:00 pm to 11:00 pm) $25.95/pp60 minute limitUpdate! (05.12.10)Went back for a return visit and we were both pleased with our experience there.Only a handful of customers sitting at the sushi bar, and that's where we chose to sit as well.  Ordered a bunch of nigiri and they had uni this time as well.  The soft shell crab was served up on a nice bed of salad greens with a sauce on it this time, which wasn't a problem since we asked for no sauce the next time.  Overall, we took our time and was out within an hour.  They didn't disappoint on quality at all.
4	Good food and great service,, it a small hole in the wall place, sushi and japanese food off the main menu and/or all you can eat for a nominal fee$21.95 -lunch and a few $ more for dinner $25.95 which I believe includes the tax....Some rolls have cream sauce,which might be a little fattening on those who eat lightly.. Since it was not super crowded the food came out in a timely manner... When I was there ,there was 2 sushi chef and love the mochi ice cream dessert selections..mmm good,wish I could of ate more....sushi and mochi...
4	With so many AYCE sushi places in Vegas, the wife introduced me to Blue Fin Sushi, and I think our sushi cravings have found a new home in Vegas.   The fish was of better quality in comparison with other AYCE places.  The pieces fish were chilled (not warm, like in some places we went to) and exquisitely sliced in large portions (some places do a hack job!).  I think the wife and I are purists because we tend to focus on nigiri, instead of the rolls.  This is the main reason why I will come back...the sushi rice.  The sushi rice is amazing here. It has been seasoned so well.  The texture of the short grain rice flavored with the slight hint of sushi vinegar is absolutely perfect for me.  For example, when I take a bite of the super white tuna nigiri, I first taste that slight hum of rice vinegar from the rice on my tongue.  My tastebuds then witness the sweetness and slight creamy flavor of the fish as it slowly intermingles and compliments the vinegar flavor from the rice as I chew.  The wife and I also request that certain sauces should not be poured on the nigiri, such as amaebi.  I just want to taste the rice and the fish, and chew slowly so i enjoy every bit of it. yummm.  The other stand out item to order here is the soft-shell crab appetizer.  This is probably one of the best places that this is prepared.  They use a panko coating/batter and deep fry the think.  It's like eating pork tonkatsu, except instead with a crunchy and crispy crust covering a moist and  tender soft-shell crab.  Definitely, we will be frequenting this place more often.  Plus, I still need to go back to try some Okinawan beer.
5	the VOLCANO roll is my new favorite roll - great service, excellent food, extensive menu,
5	Unbelievable value. Fresh quality fish. You can order all you can eat from the entire menu for 22.00 at lunch and 26 bucks for dinner. I don't know how they make money. I had perfect tempura including a delicious soft shell crab, lots of sushi and a wonderful rainbow roll. Its spotless, friendly and they urge you to order more. They seem to enjoy you enjoying their food. I visit Las Vegas often and will always make it a point to come here again. I was there for dinner last night and went back for lunch today to see it it was as good as I thought it was. And it was. Don't hesitate to patronize.Chuck
3	Ok, so apparently this is the lowest anybody has rated blue fin yet so I suppose I have to justify myself.First, I know Vegas is a buffet town, but all-you-can-eat sushi is a stretch.  Not that this is the only joint in town that offers it, but on the contrary, I haven't been to a sushi place here that hasn't had the deal.  So you don't have to get AYCE here; trouble is the pricing here is such that unless you want some standard pieces of sushi (e.g. CA roll, which other than the fragments of avocado, is not actually representative of the state), miso soup, and salad, your better off with AYCE.  Not that AYCE necessarily a bad thing per se, but there is an implication that it is acceptable to stuff your face full of sushi which purists would find absolutely abhorrent.  Alright, so get AYCE, but don't stuff your face, fair enough.  Now, the actual sushi.  Why the overpowering sauce?  The salmon skin salad would have been delicious, had it not been for the (ponzu, I think) sauce which was all I could taste but there was hints of goodness by eating around it.  The crunchy shrimp roll was also drenched in the stuff which I suppose wouldve been a bit plain tasting without it, but dark ponzu-like sauce isn't the only way.  To get some relief, I tried the nigiri salmon which I would have preferred alone but I didn't notice such an option.  The cut was not money- it wasn't horrible, it just was not thick and fatty, the stuff that sends you into an instant stroke.Tempura ice cream, also not a winner. The ice cream just mushified the tempura texture and the taste of vanilla and batter just didn't work.  Points for creativity though.Now the above is a bit rough, but I don't mean to say this was not a decent place, it was OK but not perfect, and hence the rating.
1	One of the worst sushi places I have tried. I walked in and I was the only person there. I should have walked out after the smell of sewer hit my nose, but I did not want to be rude. The shrimp was flat...FLAT and there was lemon juice drizzled on it, probably to hide the lack of freshness. The staff was very good. The service was not bad. I am not sure why so many local sushi places feel the need to blare hip-hop. Sushi is supposed to be relaxing and social. I cannot see myself returning
4	I just had lunch here. all you can eat baby. The salmon skin roll is sooooooooooo gooooooooooooooood!!!! This is one of my favorite sushi places. Small cozy place. !!!
4	Thank you to the lovely Lisa L. for hosting a UYE here! I'm still not convinced with my appetite AYCE is the way to go (sushi - eating wise), but I really enjoyed my meal here!The standout were the chef's special creations off the menu! He's very creative and great at putting flavors together. The one called "Sianara Happy hour" (or something like that) was AMAZING.The yellowtail nigiri was fresh and tasty, but avoid the yellowtail in the Arizona rolls. The ahi poke was cool - a nice seaweed + poke mixture. Delish! Most of the rolls we tried were great - I'd probably recommend ordering with light sauce, many were too sweet and saucy for my taste. Fresh, creative and tasty - check it out for the AYCE !
3	After all these raving reviews from fellow yelpers, I was so excited to try this new place. However, I was not impressed unfortunately which left me unsatisfied. There was nothing really special about the menu and everything was so saucy that it overwhelmed the fish. The rolls that we tried were the Blue Fin Special, Tokyo Express and the Shellfish Love. Out of all of that, I think the Blue Fin Special was the best roll and that was soaked in sauce. The redeeming factor of the night was that the sushi chef made us a special roll with bean curd skin and various fish. That was tasty. The nigri (salmon, garlic tuna, albacore and yellowtail) was pretty good and I was pretty impressed that sweet shrimp was on the menu which we did order.  The service was attentive and for a Friday night there was not too many of us. Overall, I am not sure I would make the drive out here again, but who knows....there's always second chances.
5	I just ordered a sashimi combo to go and it was probably one of the freshest sashimi I have ever had in Las Vegas. Blue Fin Sushi is now on the top of my list.
5	Oh Blue Fin, what can I say about you? Lisa L takes me here, oh about every other day. Best sushi I've ever had. We usually do the AYCE option, priced at $26. Each time I go I've had a mix of pieces, handrolls, and the full rolls. Alaskan and Arizona are 2 of my favorites. All of the fish is really fresh, and Jin always throws in some bonus thing for us, usually not even on the menu. Blue Fin just passed its two year anniversary. Definitely worth checking out!
4	4.5 stars. The Johnny Johnny roll stands out--mild spicy soft shell crab inside, tuna, avocado and special sauce outside. They will serve half rolls during all you can eat. The rice is exceptional--a little more sweet than I am used to, but exceptional. Stellar cuts of fish for the nigiri! My husband's favorite was probably the Cajun Lover. I will definitely return.
4	I had a great experience once again at Blue Fin Sushi & Roll!  I was having an AYCE with yelpers a while ago hosted by Lisa L. and loved the quality of their fish. I am so glad that I came back to Blue Fin the other night and had a delicious "Sashimi Salad". It was a very big portion but I finished it all :p )  I love salmon and some of the sashimi salmon on my plate were from Alaska and the server wanted me to know before tasting .  It was very tender and rich in flavors!  My dinner was $16 and enough for me to fulfill my tummy. Everyone was very friendly and I had an outstanding service by attentive server. All the employees recognized me somehow(even though I've been there only once).  There is no doubt  in my mind that I am going back to Blue Fin & have some great meals!!
5	Finally was able to go and give the much recommended Blue Fin Sushi on the SE side of Las Vegas a try.  I was there because of an UYE Lunch event hosted by Jessica R, plus also in attendance was Lisa L who organized the last UYE dinner event there. And it was totally worth skipping the free meal at Aria's employee dining and shelling out the $25.95 (dinner AYCE price, because I wanted to order the uni, amaebi and hamachi kama that is only available during dinner AYCE).  Not only was the food we ordered as good as I imagined it to be, Chef Jin (the chef/proprietor of Blue Fin) also made some special (off menu?) treats for us. The "Shiso Special" would make an excellent amuse-bouche at much fancier restaurants up and down the Strip. It is diced sashimi (tuna, salmon, and yellowtail) flavored with fresh herbs, sesame seeds, Chef's secret sauce, covered with fried shiso leaf, garnished with masago (red, and green), ikura (salmon roe), and truffle oil. To start off the meal, we ordered a lot of nigiri (yellowtails, salmon, uni, amaebi, halibut, red snapper, bunch of spicy tuna and hamachi hand rolls), and Chef Jin hooked us all up with Yellowtail Belly (not part of the regular AYCE menu).  All the sushi were fresh and delicious. Our waitress did her best to try and take orders from all five of us, and some of the items we tried to order was left out, but it was no biggie. The food we were served were great and we ordered more in our second round.Recommendation:  If you go for AYCE, even during lunch (11am-3pm), and you enjoy uni (sea urchin), amaebi (sweet shrimp) or hamachi kama (yellowtail collar), it is worth it to pay the few extra dollars for the dinner AYCE price and be able to order those item.The restaurant is relatively small, so if you plan to go with a group it is best to call ahead and make a reservation.The iced green tea looks great and is probably healthier than plain iced water.Come hungry for AYCE :)Rating breakdown:Service - goodFood - excellentAmbiance - nice, plays cool musics (some 80s) but not of Japanese artists.Interior - clean, limited seating.Price - about what most other AYCE Sushi restaurants charges.Location - great for those living in the SE Las Vegas or near UNLV, but worth the drive if you live in other parts of Las Vegas.  -  Out of Town Visitors - It is worth it to rent a car if you plan to venture off Strip to this sushi restaurant. Your cab fare back and forth would probably be more than 1 day's rental rate.I feel this restaurant really earned a 4.5 Yelp Stars in my book.  And next time I will see if Chef Jin needs anyone to stage at his restaurant, because I would enjoy learning from him.
4	Good sushi. Reasonably priced.
5	I never thought fish would taste this fresh out in the desert. I mean you don't really see schools of tuna and salmon leaping through the sand on it's way to your belly.Well Blue Fin's got some sort of deal worked out and they are getting great fish and shellfish. My friends and I opted for the all you can eat option which really put a lot of things on the table in terms of "i wouldn't get this normally but what the heck". For their all you can eat you can get uni (sea urchin) and hamachi kama(yellowtail collar) which aren't super common in a lot of places and were both pretty good. I've had better hamachi kama but that's not to say theirs was bad, just average.Give their mexican roll a try. It's sort of like a philadelphia roll in a tortilla and the fried. I know it sounds crazy but it was actually good. and this is coming from someone that doesn't normally like cream cheese all up in my sushi.Finally my last recommendation would be that if you get all you can eat, ask the chef's to make you a hand roll with whatever they feel like is good. Those are some smart guys that a few dishes into your meal will probably have a sense of your palette and will be able to put something special together for you.anyways, the service was great, folks were nice, yadda yadda yadda if they had one in washington dc where i now live you'd probably see me there once a month
3	I promised Lisa L that I would try Blue Fin again, and it was on the way back from California (forgiveness please for the dilatoriness). While everything had a nice presentation and the service was VERY friendly, the taste was still not there.I started with salmon sashimi, not the best piece of salmon ever but not the worst either and came with a pretty radish garnish. The server brought out edamame, a nice gesture and not commonly complimentary at sushi places. It was dried out but can't complain too much for the price.Salmon skin salad was hefty, a whole lotta skin to go around. However, there was too much sauce again. The vinaigrette was overwhelming and permeated the greens completely. Imitation crab was just sad (a big let down after being in Maryland where there is shellfish aplenty), especially for a sushi place. Don't even try this at home.Caterpillar roll also was drenched in eel sauce and it was impossible to taste the actual eel in it. I did like the generous amounts of avocado wrapped around it, but all I could taste was rice and sauce.It is open late which is another plus, but I suppose not my cup of green tea (pun horribly intended).
5	We have been eating here for over a year now. Sometimes once a week. Generally it's for lunch but sometimes for dinner. I have never had any sushi here that was less then fresh. The service is very attentive and the place is small enough that even when it's busy the service doesn't suffer all that much. The owners are nearly always there cooking and watching over things.For lunch you can't beat the two roll special for under $9. It comes with choice of two rolls from a list of 14, soup and a wonderful mixed green salad with yummy Japanese dressing. The boxes are around $7 and a lot of food for the money. My wife gets the teriyaki chicken box. There is soup, salad, mac-salad, Cali-roll, rice and plenty of chicken. For dinner I get the sushi platter that comes with 7 pieces of sushi, yellowtail, salmon, albacore, Eel, whitefish, choice of cali-roll or spicy tuna, soup and salad all for $13.95.My favorite rolls are the spicy yellowtail and Bluefin special roll. I have only had the all you can eat once about a year ago and it was good too.The edamame is sometimes a lil over done and the mac-salad often has a bit too much black pepper for us. All in all the value, quality, service and experience are very consistent. We love this place!
4	I had a wonderful time at Blue Fin Sushi. Our server was awesome and so friendly, and even with our large party, she managed to serve us with no problems. I don't know whose brilliant idea it was, but the server brought everyone at our table a complimentary appetizer created by the chef. The appetizer was a mix of rice, tuna & seaweed slivers all mixed together with a drizzle of truffle oil and some other seasonings. It was yummy. I ordered the Sushi Special Combo- 7 pcs Sushi- Tuna, Yellowtail, Salmon, Albacore, Eel, Shrimp, White Fish with California or Spicy Tuna roll and miso soup and house salad. I opted for the Spicy Tuna roll. I never got my miso soup, but I didn't mind because the complimentary appetizer was far better. The sushi, itself, was okay. The fish tasted fresh, but I didn't really find the rice to be good. I've had better sushi elsewhere. For the sushi alone, I would give three stars, but the friendly service and special appetizer bumped this review up to 4 stars. Also, the rolls looked tasty.I would definitely come back to Blue Fin Sushi, just not for nigiri sushi.
5	I'm not from Vegas so normally I wouldn't care but after long yelp searching for a good sushi place here I decided on blue fin. Oh my gosh yummmm. Usually my husband and I can eat 5 rolls and be good but here they give u so much fish that we were done at 3. The flavors were incredible and the fish was so fresh. They had the best rainbow roll I've ever eaten anywhere and I eat sushi all the time. Really a great place for amazing sushi.
3	Brought a larger group here but because of timing and how hungry we were we skipped the all you can eat options and instead ordered different dinner combos. My sashimi combo was ok but some of the fish wasn't as fresh as it could have been. The yellowtail and white tuna were standouts but otherwise the fish was mediocre. My rice was good, miso soup was ok, and the mochi ice cream for dessert was served a little more frozen I prefer. The other diners felt similar, things were ok, but nothing amazing. A typical neighborhood sushi spot.
4	Good stuff! All the fish is really fresh and I recommend the White Tiger Roll. The only compliant I have is they only allow you to order 1 "half" roll.
3	Blue Fin struck me as one of many acceptable, but pretty much mediocre AYCE sushi establishments in Las Vegas. There are many of these and they are okay to go to if you happen to be in the neighborhood and are in the mood for stuffing yourself silly full of not GREAT, but still tasty fish bits.But if we are talking about trying to find exceptional Japanese food experiences, then this isn't really the place for it. Subpar miso soup. Strange fluorescent green seaweed salad. Fish with not the freshest feeling texture. And fairly average sushi preparation. I've given them a try, but am now going to go back to some of the other better Japanese restaurants of which there are a few nearby.
4	By far the best AYCE sushi in town. At least in my opinion. You can ask for custom hand rolls that are not ton the menu.
5	Always looking for the best sushi place in town with a good balance between quality and price. I mean sure you can to social house and drop a $ 100 or more per person, but is the food 5 times better than blue fin? I think not, quality of fish, presentation, the personal service can't be beat. Tell them what you want and they'll make it happen. They took my salmon, tuna, avocado, and yum yum hand roll to new levels. After all the places blue fin is still top. Give'em a try, hope this review helps.
4	We came in on a Lent Friday night... and its a small place but packed to the brim. We found 2 seats at the sushi bar ready to try some different things. There are no papers to fill out, you just have to shout out your order to the chefs. Interestingly enough the AYCE menu applies to rolls, appetizers, salads, & desserts and comes equipped w/ its on separate menu. Believe it or not it also includes ayce chicken teriyaki. That's different - iv e not seen that before. It was delcious. the blue fin roll was my favorite. The ahi poke salad was really good. as was the red dragon. this was the first time I'd ever gone w/ the AYCE sushi option. I always just order one or 2 rolls and then get charged the AYCE price b/c of who I was sitting with. I hate that. So.. i decided to let myself be included and try the funky rolls since I get charged for it anyway. This place had pretty fresh tasting ingredients and as a note it had a 60 minute rule. i also ordered the volcano - but I wouldnt order it again. to be honest my bf ordered that for me - it wasnt my fav. I would go here again and like I said so far.. ths is my fav sushi place in hendo. .
5	Wow! What a great place for good sushi! I haven't been able to find a good sushi place in the valley that didn't cost an arm and a leg until last night when a friend took us to Blue Fin. Me and three friends were able to stuff ourselves full of sushi and sake for about $100! That's hard to do since we can really put away a lot of sushi. When you walk in it doesn't look like much. It's a pretty small place with only a few tables inside but they also have a patio area that can seat quite a few few people. The sushi was amazing and the service was prompt and friendly. They also have AYCE! Which is what I'll be doing next time for sure! I can't fin anything bad with this place at all! And I'm usually pretty critical. This place was so good I think I might have to go back again today.
5	Let me start off by saying I secretly fantasize about Blue Fin every single day. This place floats like a butterfly and stings like a bee! This was my first REAL sushi experience because I always thought I was allergic so needless to say I was terrified! I was really nervous that I wasn't going to enjoy it and insult the chef by spitting it out or choking it down (You dirty birds).  Quite the opposite happened. Not only was it completely tolerable, but I FUCKING LOVED IT!!! We did the AYCE and I don't recall everything I tried, but here are some of the highlights: Ahi Tuna Salad- This was the first thing I tried and was surprised by the delicate texture of the tuna combined with the crisp cucumber. Off to a good start. Rock n Roll- My favorite roll there probably because it had some sort of mayo on it and rice which are both on my cheat list usually. It was all wrapped in cucumber. If I wasn't dieting I would have ordered more. This is the roll I fantasize about the most. Spider Roll- Crunchy goodness. Nuff said. Teriyaki Chicken- Hands down the best I've had. It was so moist and not overwhelmingly sweet or greasy. What a perfect option for those non-sushi eaters(FYI- You are on the wrong team!) Lastly the sashimi.....OMG. The chef sent this over special for us because I was with one of us that eats here often. It was yellowtail simply drizzled with truffle oil and melted like butter on my tongue and that's when Blue Fin and I had a moment..... Up until then everyone at the table was watching the nonfish girl eat fish and I was trying to be graceful about the chewing, etc. . Not now. I wanted to eat it with my hands like Animal from the Muppets. Animal like sushi!!!! Being the lady I am, I contained the inner Animal, but it was still apparent to the table that this was my favorite. Probably the drooling noises gave me away. All of the fish was so fresh and the presentation showed the pride they put in to each dish. Five star experience from start to finish and I highly recommend it to everyone I know and don't know. Thank you Blue Fin and Willis for turning me into a huge sushi fan!!!
5	best sushi place in vegas!they serve the freshes fishes and the slices of their nigiri's are normal not like those places with small cuts...they serve fresh wasabi which ive yet to see at other sushi places.this place is amazing good food, the chef ynot and owner gene are awesome as well!
1	Damn.  I traveled over 20 minutes to get to this side of town and was damn excited to try a new sushi joint offering AYCE.  Every aspect of my wanting to come here were supported by the fact that 1.) I was starving and working up quite an appetite, 2.) was encouraged by all the yelp reviews and outstanding 4.5 star rating, and 3.) the pictures were freaking enticing; it definitely played a role in my excitement and subtle impatience for dining here.Now, I haven't yelped in a while but felt the need to write about my experience because I was horribly disappointed.  You can't imagine my despair upon leaving that restaurant.  As I mentioned before, I was really saving my appetite for their AYCE so I made sure not to eat anything  beforehand.  My group ordered some of their appetizers but focused mainly on nigiri.  We weren't shy about what we wanted and ordered everything almost instantly after being sat.Let the disappointment begin.... Our first dish was their seaweed salad.  I was taken back a bit because the color of the seaweed almost blinded me with its bright ass neon green.  It looked really artificial and not appetizing.  Moreover, it was overwhelmingly spicy and this coming from a person who's all about spice.  Now, onto more important things, the nigiri was ".....", i'm speechless.  Imagine a thin slice of fish served on top of a fat ass pile of overcooked, terribly seasoned, almost inedible rice.  I was beating myself up for ordering that much nigiri, knowing that I couldn't even eat the rice accompanied with it.  I almost died and by the end of the meal we were literally forcing each piece down our throat.  I just threw up a little thinking about it.  YUCK!!  This was by far my worst AYCE experience, ever!  To top it off, the pictures that were posted by fellow yelpers were no where to be found on the menu.  I was so bummed out about that....Let's sum things up: service was friendly and attentive, although there were only two other tables dining as well.  The fish was of okay quality, it was good but not good enough for me to go out of my way and certainly not good enough to go through the hell of forcing myself to chow down the rice it comes with!!!!  I can't stress this enough and I cant imagine how other yelpers don't find this bothersome or even acceptable for sushi, but the amount of rice they pile on each piece of nigiri is freaking ridonkulous!!  I'm sure it's maybe their strategic way of stuffening you up quick, but damn they're not shy about it and are definitely not subtle!  This place is a no go!  I'm more pissed off about the gas I used to take me there... there goes $10 i'll never see again. blah.
4	Now that Blue Fin offers ALL YOU CAN EAT! I definitely advise that you arrive early.  The Rolls are Great. However, during the time I visited, they had 1 waitress. So because of my All You Can Eat experience, I knew to  order 3 or 4 rolls in the beginning to avoid the long wait.
5	Fresh. Great service. Super lunch specials.
4	Love this place. I don't usually eat sushi because I can not handle texture of raw anything. And FISH? When my friend invited me i was not so sure about it. But I am so glad i went. I had a buffet dinner for 25.50$ I think its pretty reasonable. I started with green ice tea. I am a tea drinker. I know when the tea is good.  They have so many dishes of cooked food for people like me. I started the meal with a seaweed salad. i like it a lot. Miso soup is too thick for my taste though. They use different type of miso paste. The Salmon killer is amazing. I can't smell or taste anything like raw fish at all. The fish is cured and so fresh. Hand roll are so awesome as well. I tried spicy crab and the crunch which is shrimp tempura. I had greentea icecream for dessert.I definitely will go back and recommend this restaurant to anyone.The only problem is my friend did not get her order. They were really busy that night.
5	Ahhh, i love the Vibe sitting around the quaint sushi bar even if some stuck up girls were there being stupid. But thats neither here nor there. The Alaskan roll is my favorite. And most places serve 6 pieces in a roll. Here its 8. And i love that i can do half rolls too. They kept me and my brothers drinks full, and quickly took away our empty trays. The Tvs with sport on is a nice touch, and its quiet enough to hold a conversation. The rolls come out quick and our delicious and not oversauced. They dont stuff them full of rice either. My last roll i split with my brother and they didnt fret because he did AYCE too. Go for the Tempura Ice Cream with Green Tea. Ohhh So delicious and filling. I shall be back. Thanks for great times.
5	We go here once a week. Seriously. Once a week! Both the chef and I enjoy the varity of rolls and our service has always been spectacular. Here are a few of our favorite rolls:Johnny Johnny: (Brein's favorite)!In: Mild Spicy Soft Shell Crab / Out: Spicy Tuna, Avocado with Yum Yum and Garlic Ponzu Sauce White Tiger: In: tuna, Crab Meat / Out: White Tuna, Avocado with yum yum Sauce Over the Rainbow: Diced tuna, yellowtail, super white tuna and salmon with chef special sauce inside and Screaming Orgasam: (Order the sauce on the side, otherwise it is drenched and not good!) Seared Tuna, Radish Sprout, Daikon Noodle, Sesame Seeds and Chef Special Sauce Cucumber Salad: Cucumber, Imitation Crab Meat with Sweet Vinegar Dressing Crazy Yum Yum Blue Fin Special: In: Cajun Albacore, Cucumber / Out: Tuna, Salmon, yellowtail, shrimp and avocado with Chef special sauce Marrissa: In: Shrimp Tempura, Cucumber, Avocado, Masago / Out: Fresh Tuna, Garlic Chip with Special Sauce
4	Almost everyday this week, someone was talking about raw fish in one  form or another and the thought of sushi was never far behind. So I met two friends here for dinner after talking to Lisa L. about it at a Yelp event.We had ordered the screaming orgasm (8.95); seared tuna on top of a heaping bed of thinly shredded daikon radish, purple cabbage, and carrots. Digging into the mound yielded a feast for the eyes with all the vibrant colors. The creamy sauce on top did not have too much flavor. I would have preferred a stronger ponzu presence, but everything else about the dish was spot on. We also got a basic tiger roll (11.00) and the portion of fish to rice lit a spark in our eyes. If this was any indication of their generosity, we were in good hands. Blue Fin does not skimp on the seafood. We also tried the sunset (12.00); spicy tuna inside, and cajun albacore outside, with a light sauce drizzled over. After that, each new roll looked to be getting progressively bigger, but then again we could have been getting full. The Johnny Johnny (12.00) had then arrived. Golden, crunchy soft shell crab center topped with spicy tuna. The roll was tasty because there were so many contrasting elements. At first, you have the creamy sauce that mellows the heat. Followed by the cold and soft tuna meeting the hot and crispy soft shell crab. It was a roll that someone new to sushi could appreciate. We stopped after the over the rainbow (13.00) because their super rainbow on crack was more than enough. The difference between this and a regular rainbow is instead of a California roll center, they sub a jammed pack fish center. It is worth upgrading for two dollars. I just wished their ponzu had more zip. I am a masochist for a good sour tang. Even though we did not do the AYCE, we left here more than satisfied. I can only imagine the trouble a person can get themselves into going at it hardcore.
5	Best AYCE in town. No slow service, no extra rice, great selection. Special rolls are inventive and tummy to my tummy.  I tell people to drive form the other side of town, and nobody has complained so far.
4	SUSHI as amazing at one time now we go there for the chef he his funny as hell.
3	I really wanted to love Blue Fin Sushi.  The Yelp reviews were so good I thought that it would be great having it so close to home.At first glance it was perfect.  No wait, chatty and friendly sushi chefs, nice clean restaurant with no obnoxious music blasting.  The sushi came out and it was beautiful, little works of art.But when it came time to eat ... it just wasn't there.  The sauces were cloying and over used, drowning the taste of fish.  There were bones in my nigiri.  The dishes were also inconsistent from chef to chef.I'll come back if I'm in the area and don't feel like driving but I won't be making any special trips when there are better sushi places just a couple miles away.
5	Great value! The all you can eat is everything on the menu, not just rolls. The sushi was above average quality on both taste and presentation. The service was timely, and the staff was friendly. Next trip to Vegas, this place is on my list of places to eat again for sure.
5	Best in Vegas for AYCE and best in Vegas period if you go omakase. Ive been to SEN of Japan, Osaka (Henderson) which I will say are the only other excellent sushi restaurants in Vegas. Blue Fin is best value for your money and the chef is the most creative in town. Ask for something a little different he blow your mind! If you go anywhere else you are wasting your $$.
5	My new favorite spot in Vegas!! The all you can eat prices are awesome! The sushi was fresh and delicious!!! The service was pretty good... not the best but far from an issue. All in all a great spot and I will be returning... constantly!!!
4	Gotta love AYCE sushi.  Sure, its not super fresh air flown fish.  Dare I say its seen the inside of a freezer but it makes up for it by offering a lot of creativity and big taste for a bargain.  At around $25, Blue Fin is an exceptional value.Multiple visits.  Sometimes ordering just a single roll, other times for the AYCE to really put this place to the test.  Since everyone has their favorites, Ill simply make generalizations:- Shrimp tempura rolls - The shrimp is what you would expect.  A little oily, overcooked, chewy shrimp that works really well in a roll.- Unagi - Decent quality, perfectly broiled with a very tasty sauce.  Usually served on the outside of a roll so its sauce adds to the entire sushi.- Soft shell crab - Previously frozen but deep fried to a oily but crispy goodness.  Just like the shrimp, a little oil in the sushi is a good thing.- Spicy mayo (for scallop or tuna) - Spicy for sure and really goodAll of the rolls are beautifully made and look incredible on the plate.  Best of all, they taste great!Sushi aficionados, feel free to pay five times the price to enjoy the best on the Strip.  Just remember, good eats come at all prices.Recommended.
5	The first visit was a prelude to a grandiose love affair to come. Second visit with the Duchess, Lisa L., secures Blue Fin as a favorite. Both times, the service has been warm, friendly, and quick. Dining with Lisa L. was a great experience because I gave full ordering rights over to her. My only duty was to enjoy the opulent flavor combinations as they danced across my palate. The tako nigiri with a drizzle of sesame oil and a slice of lemon was fragrant and exquisite. The ika with some kind of leaf (was it sesame?) was another ambrosial blend of flavor. Finding a sushi lover that avoids rolls, cream cheese, mayo, while creating unique blends in nigiri was everything I could ask for. The only thing I disliked was my own fault. I have never liked mackerel, but was stubbornly wanting to give it another try at a different restaurant. Yep, over twenty different places and still not a fan. Tried it cooked, raw, Japanese style, Korean style, in several different countries. Safe to say it will not be part of my diet. Yellow tail belly, on the other hand, is perfection. Kevin P., be prepared, it might get heated if it comes to a battle for this fatty cut. To eat with someone who enjoys the slow dining experience has greatly deepen my love for each individual fish. No more placing eight orders in at once and swallowing it down. A relaxed pace is needed to allow for moments of appreciation. The two and a half hours went by in a blink of an eye. Instead of feeling bloated and unable to move, their was a feeling of fulfillment from food and company.
5	I love this place! We typically go to Yama Sushi, but since the word is out of what a great place they are, it's hard to get in there on any night for dinner, so we have been going to Blue Fin! Their AYCE is $25.99 per person I believe for dinner and includes everything on the menu. My favorite item on the menu is the garlic tuna and super white tuna. I'm still a sushi newbie for the most part, as I just began eating fish a little over a year ago for the first time in my life, so Nigiri/Sashimi is a little intimidating for me, seeing a big hunk of raw fish on a small round of rice. However, both are so delicious! Their super white tuna is so silky it melts in your mouth. My favorite rolls are the Royal Philly (deep fried philly roll), the Hawaiian Roll, and their new one called an Italian Roll.  It has (forgot what type of fish) but a balsamic oil on top of it. YUM!  Also, if you like green mussells, or mussels in general, try their baked green mussels. My BF ordered 4 of these the first time he tried them, and the other day he ordered 3 of them. We even got a first time visitor to Blue Fin to rave about them.  They're shucked pieces of mussel in a tiny round dish with about 7 little wells each with a piece of mussel. It's then covered in what seems/looks like butter and/or mayo, and then some kind of cheese and baked. My BF loves it!  No restrictions on how many either. They also offer tempura ice cream in either green tea or vanilla. We had it last time and they had carmelized strawberries on it. Sooo good!  Definitely check it out!***update***12/27/11 - reading over my review to see if any of my Yelp friends have checked the place out yet, I noticed I said shucked when speaking of mussels. Apparently, I had too much sake that night.
5	Great all you can eat menu
5	Wow!  Thanks Lisa for introducing us all to this place.  I'm just bummed I didn't make one of your UYEs sooner!  I'm usually not a big AYCE fan.  Too much fried stuff, too many rules. But here they gave us anything we wanted, including salmon or yellowtail collar (1 per person but its huge!), for the bargain dinner price of $25.99.  And they were willing to customize everything, which was impressive.  Eric ordered some great salmon nigiri with avocado that was not on the menu.  You can order half rolls if you don't want to commit to a full roll. My favorite was probably the garlic tuna nigiri.  Yummy.  I could eat that all night.  We also had red and green tobiko.  Very Christmasy.  The only thing I will avoid in the future is a crazy yum yum sauce.  I should have taken Lisa's advice and got it on the side.  Too mayonnaisey. (I'm just making up all my words today!) We got some special rolls that were amazing.  One with chopped up soft shell crab and salmon.  Sooo good.The other nice thing was that they have a variety of desserts and you can get as many as you want for the AYCE price.  Most places it is just mochi.  Their strawberries jubilee with caramelized strawberry sauce, vanilla ice cream, and a warm beignet... amazing!  I did enjoy the fact that my dining companions did not have sushi phobia and didn't insist on ordering everything fried or with cream cheese like some of my other friends do.  That makes AYCE miserable for me because then they can't eat it all and look to me to help, which I don't want to do.  Service here was excellent and they don't enforce the 60 minute time limit or eat everything rule too strictly.  But still, it's rude to order a ton of food and then leave it on the table.  No worries with this crowd.  Great time, great place.  I'm definitely dragging my husband here.  He hates AYCE, but I'm sure he'll love this place.
5	Blue Fin is my favorite AYCE in Vegas.  There are other good spots in town to get your sushi fix, but Blue Fin is the only place that I'll do AYCE alone.  That may sound anti social, but really, the sushi here is good enough that I'll dine all by myself and not have to worry about sharing.  Not that you have to worry about sharing, it is AYCE after all...but most of the time, doing AYCE is a group affair.The fish here has been consistently fresh during my visits.  There are always different specials on the chalkboard to try out.  The rolls here are creative enough that I don't mind ordering one or two (I've very much become a nigiri and hand roll kind of guy).  You can also do half orders of rolls to make sure you get as much variety as possible during your meal.So perhaps the last paragraph can apply to numerous spots in town...but the one thing that I think does it for me at Blue Fin is the sushi rice.  It is delicious, and I do not mind ordering nigiri in lieu of sashimi.  I like the rice that much.  It may be a little thing, but it makes my tastebuds happy.Blue Fin's another one of those special places, the kind where you have to stop by if you're in the neighborhood.  I'm looking at you, Sunrise Coffee!  It's a perfect two-hit combo of an evening.
4	Tried the AYCE for the first time last week with a friend. Trying a new sushi place is always scary, but Blue Fin didn't disappoint! They Cajun albacore nigri was my favorite nigri on the menu. I also enjoyed the super white tuna! Fresh and full of flavor!As far as rolls go, they have a very diverse selection.  One of my favorite rolls was the "Sunset" roll. The service was great and I liked that the place was small and cozy! I would recommend this place to all sushi lovers! I will definitely be eating here again!
4	Yelp sent me here! I came right before lunch ended on a Monday, after the lunch rush. I ordered the blue fin special, white tuna nigiri, rainbow trout nigiri, ahi poke salad, red dragon and mussels. I would skip the mussels, but everything  else was good and tasted fresh. You have to get the white tuna. Its ridiculously melt in your mouth goodness! For $22 lunch AYCE, how could you go wrong?
5	***December 1, 2011 UYE ***Well, here goes a review on fine sushi from a novice sushi reviewer!  It is based on the impromptu UYE that followed the kickoff of "Shop Local!" at Sunshine Coffee where a number of hungry Yelpers decided to go for AYCE sushi after the kickoff ended.  I didn't know what to expect but I had heard that the sushi here was one of the best in the city.  It did not disappoint!I love Miso Soup, so even though it is filling, I ordered a bowl and was pleased to hear that it, too, is considered part of AYCE here.  In fact, unlike some of my savvy tablemates, I did not realize until I read Holly C.'s review after the event that unlimited desserts were included, as well.  But, my stomach hardly had room anyway after I finished my refreshing Mango Mochi at meal's end.  I didn't count them, but our table likely consumed close to 20 rolls before we split, plus a few other odds and ends like Raw Tuna Poki Salad and Calamari Tempura.  I positioned myself next to Tony T., so I had someone to translate the offerings and describe the ingredients of each foreign batch that arrived.  The Miso Soup was good but overly salty.  Ahi Tuna was smooth, cool, and richly flavored.  The Rainbow Roll was excellent, as was the Tokyo Express that contained a mixture of tuna and salmon on each large cut-roll piece.  The Italian Special was good and creamy.  I even liked the Crazy Yum Yum for a time, but after awhile the very mayonnaisey (Holly's word) sauce became cloying.  Tubiko I found to just taste okay, but the red and green fish eggs were certainly pretty and helped usher in the Christmas holiday spirit on this first day of December.  As many avocado lovers know, avocado can vary in consistency, color, and taste, depending on how ripe it is.  Here every roll that included a slice of avocado offered non-stop delicious bites of  perfectly ripe and green avocado entwined with the raw fish.  Cool and tasty every time!  I didn't love it but found the Salmon Roe to be better tasting than the Flying Fish Eggs.  Calamari Tempura was different than Calamari Fritti but good in a more subdued way.  I tried to stretch beyond sushi that was safe and mild like the California Roll (which no one ordered), and succeeded to a degree, but found that I still had my limits on what I would put in my mouth.  I regarded the Amaebi (sweet shrimp) with fried heads quite skeptically, although the shrimp part of the dish glistened and beckoned to me, so that I developed a slight interest in it.  And, after being coaxed by Tony T. and Lisa L. to try this weird-looking dish, I finally acquiesced halfway and chewed on the raw shrimp.  Surprisingly, I found it to be tasty and somewhat creamy in texture.  But, I stopped there.  I'm not yet ready for fried shrimp heads.  My stomach also turned as I faced a dish that featured a quail egg nestled next to what looked like brown brains.  I continued to only look, and let my fellow diners enjoy whatever this sushi beast was.  When I was almost full, I realized that I had forgotten to order my favorite sushi: a Spicy Tuna Roll.  So, not to piggishly over-order and leave anything behind, I asked for and received a half-order of Spicy Tuna Roll.  It was as spicy as I recall previously experiencing from a Spicy Tuna Roll, to the point that my nostrils felt like they were smoking, and I had to modulate the spice with a bite from a much milder Caterpillar Roll before I launched in again for more bites of the super-spicy roll.  I did finish all of it eventually.I believe everyone present had a good time.  We did converse, but almost exclusively about the wonderful sushi spread before us that kept coming and coming until we called it off.  We were all there principally to eat, and that we did!
4	Great sushi experience. The place is a little small but everyone is so friendly. Even got great suggestions on what to order from other customers. Real family atmosphere.
2	I really wanted to like this place. We got the AYCE and the first 2 rolls were outstanding. The catepillar and tempura spicy tuna roll were just what I was looking for. It went downhill quickly from there. Every subsequent roll was just plain bad. Maybe I'm just not used to Vegas-style sushi (what is up with all of the wacky/sweet sauces--you're supposed to be able to taste the fish, people!), but I just couldn't deal with the weird combinations. The sweet/fruity/mayonaisey sauces that were on all of the other rolls were just disgusting. They overpowered the flavor of everything, so that all you tasted was the sauce. I eat sushi for the fish, not mayonaise. The cajun albacore? I can't imagine a japanese/sushi restaurant outside of vegas selling that as sushi. It was waaay too strong and there was not that all-important fresh fish flavor that you want from sushi. Everyone working there was super-nice and efficient, I just don't think I'm part of their target demographic. If you like sushi with tons of overpowering wacky sauces, come to this place!
5	Blue Fin is an exceptional place to go for sushi. I love how every time I visit, the fish is always so fresh. I am very picky about how my sushi tastes (freshness being the main factor), but they do not disappoint. I love their salmon, and my mother is fan of their yellowtail. She specifically asks for the belly of the yellowtail, and they kindly give her the best. Just be sure to ask! They won't decline. The owner is very friendly, and he and his brother are wonderful at preparing the food. If you are a regular there, they will throw in an roll for you on the house. The servers are very prompt at clearing your plates and refilling your drinks. Blue Fin is definitely one of my favorite places for consistently delicious sushi.
2	Went here with a big group and were seated right away. The service was good. I would give the service 4.5 stars. The sushi was sub-par. The nigiri had very thin slices of fish and way too much rice. Every roll I ordered was drenched in sauce, perhaps to mask that the fish isn't very fresh. Again, waaaaaay too much rice! I feel like they want to stuff you with rice so you don't order so much for AYCE. I don't know why there are such fabulous reviews about this place. Perhaps because others haven't tried Goyemon or Yama or Sushimon. For those sushi connoisseurs please skip this place unless you have a hankering for a lot of sushi rice.
4	A Yelp loved spot I finally got a chance to check out. Every UYE here seems to fall when I get sick or have to work a crazy day. I came with a friend and a baby so we sat at the tables. I know what puts this place over the edge is the specialties of the sushi chef and I always believe sitting at the table puts you at a disadvantage unless you're already a rockstar customer. Just ordered strictly on menu things- those were all pretty good. Out of the appetizers I really like their big panko breaded soft shell crab. I'm a sucker for those things. Also got the baked mussels which were baked pieces in a escargot  ceramic instead of the shell...a little too cheesy/mayo-y for me. Nigiri wise- tried a bit of everything but the mackerel, the albacore, garlic tuna were standout lovely. The rice to fish ratio is proportional so no complaints there! I tried a bit of my friends rolls since she's a roll person and even the fried, mayo=y, cream cheesy rolls here weren't bad. . I had a Italian roll since it was the oddest roll on the menu with balsamic dressing and grapes on it. It worked actually and pretty good with the panko crunchies for some texture. I think it was because everything wasn't too heavily sauced that I was able to enjoy more rolls here. Service from the waitress was friendly and decent. She came by often to check on the baby, haha. I do get why this is a AYCE favorite as it is quality. I think the huge hype though is all the specials which I didnt really experience. For that, I must be back to get off menu things my Yelperazzi seem to really enjoy.
3	Another sushi place. The quality of the fish was ok. Had the poke salad and the tuna they used wasn't all that great. Might have to give it another try maybe..
5	Best hamachi I've had. Their white tiger roll is pretty amazing too. All their ingredients are fresh and I am never disappointed here. The sushi chefs are friendly and funny, and the waitstaff is great. Try the Mexican for a change of pace!
4	Blue Fin was one business I had bookmarked for what seemed like an eternity.  I had heard (and read) so many great things about it but due to location, I kept going to other spots for my raw fish fix. So when the Lovely Jaime W. asked me to meet her at Blue Fin for dinner recently, I jumped at the opportunity to finally get to delete that bookmark! When I first started eating sushi I was a roll girl, but my love of fresh raw fish has grown tremendously since then. I only ordered one roll at Blue Fin, which was the roll that Jaime raved about, the Rock and Roll. The Rock and Roll is crab, tuna, salmon and yellowtail wrapped in delicious cucumber. Jaime was right to rave about this, it was fantastic. From there I went on to order an ahi poke salad (tasty but too spicy for me, I am a big baby when it comes to jalapenos) as well as some tuna (so fresh and yummy, I had to order more), garlic tuna (a tad too garlicky for me, overpowered the fish), yellowtail (yum) and super white tuna (also yum). Jaime was sweet enough to let me taste her yellowtail sashimi as well and wow, that's some good stuff right there! Overall it was a delicious meal, with good service and very fair AYCE pricing. I am refraining from giving Blue Fin a full 5 stars right now, because I feel like I need to experience more of the menu (and the special non-menu items!!!). I would still recommend Blue Fin in a heartbeat to anyone looking for delicious fish, especially those that do not want to risk the long waits at my other favorite sushi spot in town!!
3	Nigri was very fresh...  But I agree with other reviewers that the rolls are way over sauced.
5	Japanese staff was super friendly, decor was very japanese as well.  They have an option option for all sushi rolls you can eat within an hour, with good selections to please the american palate.  But since I was craving tuna sashimi, I ordered that plus a spicy tuna roll and they were just perfect!  Plus they gave me free hot tea and free orange (beautifully sliced).
5	Honestly, this is my favorite sushi place east of the 15 freeway.  I'd like to thank Lisa R. for introducing me to this place, as it is awesome, and very delicious.  It's a smallish sushi bar, and the bar itself only seats about 8 people I think, maybe 10 at a squeeze.  The quality of the fish is top notch, and Chef Jin can make up some crazy combinations for you to try if you let him.  What I really liked is that the pieces of Nigiri style sushi weren't overly large like some places, and he for sure did not over rice on anything, which at an AYCE place is a wonder.  Chef Jin also made this delicious shizo leaf pizza, which was dairy free but totally excellent.  Overall I was extremely happy with this meal and will undoubtedly go back for sushi whenever I find myself craving it and am on the east side.
5	If you like Sushi, and enjoy a quiet and cozy place. You should check this place out. I have been here 10 million times. The world is the world and I must admit that once my friend noticed a problem. But it was resolved and I still plan on going back at least a billion more times. Don't miss it if your in that area. Say hello to Wynot, Gene and Gene's brother.
5	Came here for the last minute UYE. This was actually my first UYE and I had a great time. I ordered probably everything off the nigiri menu and it was excellent. The rolls were pretty good too, but i'm a nigiri/sashimi guy, and they were standout. They also have something called a mexican roll, and it was actually made from a tortilla shell, which was quite clever. The special that the sushi chef made were raw oysters with tobiko and another fish egg, and lychee sorbet! It was so good. Had a great time.
4	This sushi place went a long way to accommodate our finicky childrens' tastes. The wait staff is very friendly and courteous. One of the sushi chefs over does it on the wasabi, so be on the lookout.
3	I write this as an outsider: a Californian looking for a place to eat in Vegas. When I saw a Yelp rating of 4.5 stars for this place, I bookmarked it as a possible visit. This is my review...My girlfriend and I arrived here on a Saturday. Plenty of parking spaces available, parked right by the door. Inside was pretty much the same. The sushi bar was full, but there were plenty of table seating.The decor has some elements that make me presume that this was once a small French bistro. The doors for the individual male and female restrooms have characters wearing berets. An outdoor patio has some decorative lamps that certainly isn't Japanese inspired.Seeing as how there's a 1 hour time limit, we set our timers at 12:30pm. We probably stayed a slight but longer than that, and they weren't strict about kicking us out.The target audience of this restaurant is aimed more towards local Las Vegans than tourists. There are some good things to be said about selecting this place over casino buffets. All you can eat sushi. Certainly cheaper. No fighting for parking. Friendly service (our waitress was always around). Clean facilities. No waiting in line. No gasping for air because of smokers.BUT... it is far from the Strip. While the cuts of the fish look aesthetically appealing, the quality of the fish is spotty: some great (yellowtail), others okay (super white tuna, tobiko, masago), others not (salmon, ikura, shrimp).There were a few items that weren't included on the lunch menu, such as uni, sweet shrimp, and something called the "Screaming Orgasm". I mainly don't go for the specialty rolls, so I can't really speak out for those. I did order the One item that stood out for me was the crab meat sushi. Mmmm, that's not something you normally see. Wished those were more common.Lunch is $21.99 and dinner is $25.99. Decent price. Noted on the menu is a charge if you leave leftovers.Service is good, as our waitress kept coming back. One sign of good service is never having to ask for your own refill, and she certainly was attentive to keep checking our table. Which isn't hard since we were pretty much the only occupied table. Not that I'm complaining, just making an observation.Dessert items are also included with the sushi gorging, which includes several variations of mochi and ice cream. As we got our bill, we were also served with orange topped with plum juice. That being said, the place isn't bad at all. I ate my fill and then some. But speaking as an out-of-state visitor, it might be worth the trip if you happen to be in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way to do so.
4	Always Awesome!The place: small, quiet, clean, The staff: friendly, efficient, quickThe food: delicious ficious!More about the simple nigiri sushi and basic rolls - but done really well.There are fancy, American-style rolls and treats here as well. They have no problem with requests and special orders.My fave in this part of town.
5	This place is a must visit if you enjoy sushi. The special roles that they make will knock your socks off. Sashimi was as fresh as any I have ever had. The owners are very personable and service was outstanding. If I could give this more stars I would.
4	This place was pretty good.  This place is small, so if they are having a big party coming in, you will have to sit at the bar, outside or just wait, but the service is AWESOME.  I have never seen a place with the service as fast as they have here.  If you have to wait, the wait is worth the food you will receive.  They do have all you can eat and like most other all you can eat sushi places, you will get your food faster here then any place I have been before. The rolls are overloaded with rice, they are a nice size with a good amount of stuff inside and on top and it is fresh and tastes great.  A must try place, and a place we will go back to without question.
5	I love Blue Fin. Just come here. End of review.No really. Just come here. They have AYCE sushi. AYCE sushi is top secret code for we love feeding you sushi until you burst. They have some amazing sushi. Speciality sushi rolls are all the bomb. Ultimate blue fin, volcano, and *** are just some. Some of the rolls are loaded with sauce so just ask them for sauce on the side or ask for half roll as is.I even did the hand rolls which comes in a stand that can hold 3 hand rolls and sometimes they're so big that the stand can't hold it so no stand is used. Try the salmon skin hand roll its good.For nigiri all excellent choices. I had lots of nigiri uni with quails egg, tako octopus,... Get the garlic ahi nigiri drool.The poke salad was ok. It was stretched out with lots of non-ahi ingredients like some of the other sushi spots here.They didn't have oysters on the AYCE menu and I didn't order shrimp tempura but everything else was amazing enough to make me not care about it. For desserts they have red bean ice cream, not small scoops but regular size ice cream scoops. Mochi and fried tempura ice cream. All that are also AYCE.So good that I almost did AYCE lunch the day after I did AYCE dinner. When's the next time. I'm actually craving sushi today. Next time has to be tonight LOLPremature yelp review post. Noticed I wasn't finish.
4	Ive eaten here a couple times with the bf for lunch and its pretty good sushi. We get the two roll lunch special you get miso soup and a house salad and two rolls. I got the crunch roll and the California roll both were very good the portions are perfect just enough to fill you up but not over stuff you. The food is good quality and the service is excellent I cant wait to come here for dinner they have several specialty rolls that I wanna try. Oh and the prices are very reasonable the lunch special is only $8.95. If you haven't tried this place please do you wont be disappointed.
2	I've had this place bookmarked for ages, so hopefully I didn't just have expectations that were too high.We came here today because my fella was craving some sushi. I insisted we skip our favorite AYCE sushi, Goyemon to try this place across town. From the first bite, my fella was disappointed. After every bite I got that look from him like, "see, we should have gone to Goyemon," I enjoy sushi rice, but this was just so overwhelmingly vinegary. It's the only flavor we could taste. I like to taste the flavor of the fish, but all I got was overwhelming flavor of vinegar in every single bite. I was very disappointed. I ordered a little of everything. Plenty of nigiri, salmon skin handroll, green mussels, agedashi tofu, seaweed salad, tempura calamari and a few other items that I can't remember. The seaweed salad was really sour and not my favorite version I've ever had. The salmon skin handroll was pretty good. I like the salmon quite a bit, that's usually one of my favorite things to order at every sushi place. The only thing that was annoying was how flimsy the handrollls were put together. They fell apart so quickly and made a total mess. The calamari, tofu and mussels were all pretty tasty, although I prefer my mussels in the shell. I would order all three of those again. All the nigiri was fresh and really good, but I had to dab each one to remove excess vinegar from atop it, to make it more palatable. The desserts were pretty good. My fella felt vindicated a little when he ate the tempura ice cream with green tea ice cream and then quickly ordered another to finish up the meal.Service was pleasant and efficient. I hope this was a one off for this resataurant, since I see so many great reviews from Yelpers I respect.
2	The star of the show here was the tempura ice cream. I have been dreaming about having this again since we came here. Besides that, I didn't care for this place too much. The fish was all drenched in vinegar, which I'm not a fan of. I prefer for them to use that sparingly. I could tell the fish was good but I couldn't really enjoy that when it was covered vinegar and sauces.
4	More like a 3.5 star review.Finally, we tried the AYCE at Blue Fin, after all the talks about how amazing this AYCE is.  The uni nigiri was fresh, which is a good sign.  Afterward, we ordered orders of hamachi, amaebi, saba, salmon, and many more.  We decided that mackerel was our favorite so there came 4 more orders of them.  The amaebi wasn't as big and sweet/fresh as we have wanted to, but was decent.  For dessert, I ordered all flavors available for the mochi, and tried out the red bean icecream.  I do like the fact that you can order how ever many dessert you want.  Service was really good.  Will I be coming back to Blue Fin?  It was decent, but I will go to Goyemon.
4	My boyfriend and I dropped in here last night after receiving the rudest service we've ever had  at the The Olive restaurant across the street (more on that in my profile if you'd like specifics). Let's just say that this place was a breath of fresh air from the moment we walked through the door and were greeted by a very wonderful, friendly hostess. We've never been here and everything on the menu looked wonderful so we asked the sushi chef what he recommended. He was very knowledgeable about the menu, as well as what fish was freshest, and was able to recommend two rolls that we LOVED: Their signature Blue Fin roll and the Wet Dream. Of the two, I liked the latter better. It was like a creamy party in my mouth! We also had a Yellow tail Hand Roll and some Ikura, both of which were very tasty as well. The service and food were top notch and we will definitely be returning for some AYCE soon!
4	This place is pretty good if you ask me... I've driven by several times and always wanted to eat here. Well we went in on a Friday afternoon and were the only ones in there... Maybe it was just a slow day, but from reading all the reviews I was kinda shocked that it was dead in there haha. Anyways, the sushi tasted really good and so did the fish... We got ayce and I can't really tell you exactly which rolls I got, but I wasn't a fan of the one wrapped in cucumber instead of the usual... Also wayyyyy too much sauce on it.... It kinda looked like milk all over haha... every other roll was good though so no big deal...They are very friendly and attentive here, which if you read my other reviews, is a major thing with me. I think the only reason why I took a star off was bc the edamame we ordered seemed old and not very fresh and their low-sodium soy sauce tasted like they had normal soy sauce and added water to it to dilute it...I could be crazy but just tasted odd. Other than that it was great! I'll probably go here again whenever I'm on this side of town. Cheers!
4	I never did think that I'd be able to replace my favorite sushi restaurant (Sin City Sushi), but, it has happened. Well, sorta. I cannot completely write off Sin City, because once you have Young's garlic sauce, or his mussels, you will seriously crave them for days after... but, Blue Fin executes all their dishes delightfully well.Jin, the owner (I believe) is from Hawaii. The first night I went with my boyfriend, it was a quiet Sunday night. We were served by a young woman who was also from Hawaii. Service was fast, friendly, and extremely patient!  Blue Fin has an exceptional selection of rolls, appetizers and nigiri.My boyfriend and I usually get a lot of nigiri, and that night was no different. We had garlic tuna, hamachi, ika (with salt and lemon), amaebi, cajun albacore, tako, and a bunch more.Great fish to rice ratio, and the few rolls that we did try were a good size (*PLUS, they do half rolls!*) They have awesome appetizers. I love mussels, but the mussels here are a little different from everywhere else. So just be aware that when ordering mussels here, they are already off the shell, and come in a special dish. We also had their tuna crab cake, salmon skin salad, and "poki" ( i always spelled it poke.. hmm)All came with shredded beet and carrot toppings. I don't like beets AT ALL, regardless of what Dr. Oz says about the nutritional value they possess, it detracted from what would have been all together delicious, again, my own personal opinion.Anyway, the restaurant setting and my overall experience here leads me to conclude that this restaurant is a solid 4 stars. Their quality of fish is on the higher end as compared with some other popular names in the AYCE sushi world.Will go back if I'm in the area.
3	I really do enjoy the sushi here.  It is nice to stop at a place and have AYCE with heavy portions and happy employees.  I will definitely stop in again when I am nearby.
5	There is a lot of all-you-can-eat sushi choices in Las Vegas, but this is one of the best, if not the best! Yum Yum Yum. The chefs are nice, it is not too busy most of the time. I love this place, esp the Wet Dream. My mouth is watering just thinking about it
4	A LOT of my yelp peers hold Blue Fin very VERY highly and i've only been here once but i feel that the service was just a bit off the night we went. We put in a few orders of salmon skin hand rolls and they didnt come out till the end of our meal so that was a bit weird. And other little mix-ups like orders coming in that belonged to the other side of the table. Ordered and tasted way too many different types of rolls to make any kind of useful list. But of the various things we did order it's very noticeable that the fish is fresh and the spicy tuna and yellow tails have just the right amount of spicy bite that makes it enjoyable but not holy crap holy crap holy crap kill me now my insides are on fire. Overall i'd love to come back with a considerably smaller group but alas i live on the opposite side of town...
4	go here a lot with my co-workers and family. good food, reasonable price for AYCE. the staff is friendly and attentive. it's a small place and does get bust around lunch and dinner.i always leave there ready to burst.
2	So decided to come here and give Blue Fin a try, since everyone has been yelping about this place like crazy with good reviews..I must say i was a bit disappointed.  Hate to do this but i must write about my experience.So a friend and I decided to give this a try for lunch since everyone has been talking about this place. Not to brag or anything but my friend and I know what good sushi tastes like cause duh we are Asian, we have it down to the texture to the temperature and to the flavor.I'm not sure if the food was just horrible just because it was lunch? But we were in shock how horrible the food was.From what I remembered we ordered the baked mussels. We were like ok this is cool it's on little plates rather than on the shell. As we were chewing the mussels we were about to vomit. NO joke or exaggeration. For starters the mussels were not hot enough. It was not baked long enough so we were chewing cold mussels.We decided to ignore that and try the other dishes.We ordered the Ahi poke salad, that i must admit was really good, it was spicy and different than all the ahi poke salads we tasted. My friend enjoyed it as well.Then we ordered the Shumai, Ehhh it was ok nothing too good.. Shumai is shumai they all taste the same in all the sushi places..I decided to order the crab cakes since i have not seen crab cakes on the menu in a sushi place. I was disappointed. The crab cakes were cold and they tasted old, like they were sitting in the back for awhile.. no joke.Decided to ignore that as well and we came to the ultimate test. The Nigiri and the Sushi.So from what i remember we ordered the salmon nigiri. It was just ok. The temperature was not right it was too cold, and the rice was weird like it was old. I have to give them props at least the texture was good their was no veins at all in their Nigiri.  Same went for the tuna nigiri and all the other nigiri we had.The sushi rolls were ok, kinda sucks they didnt do half rolls, I usually order half rolls to make sure i like the sushi.Also during lunch time they didn't have Uni ( sea urchin) lunch is 22$ and dinner is 26$ something like that.. a difference of 4$ what does a difference of 4$ do, just add the sea urchin and all the other stuff not included in lunch, that's on the dinner menu.Overall wasn't to fond of this place. I wouldn't mind giving it a try during the dinner time maybe dinner is much better than lunch.Service was great the waitress was on top of everything and the cooks greet you when you come in and thank you when you leave.I would give this a try again since i was in total shock of the ratings for this place, maybe i just caught this place on a bad day.
5	I'll keep it short and sweet.Best super white tuna I've had in a while. Best uni I've had ever. Awesome soft shell crab tempura. Great mussels baked with cheese (mozzarella?), a preparation that is distinct from any other mussels I've had. Pretty good garlic tuna and rolls and desserts, and OK yellowtail. Nice amaebi head, but mushy tail.Oh yeah, I like the neighborhood vibe. It has the most families (kids and babies) I've seen in a sushi place in a while, and it's on the quiet side of AYCE sushi places. Still need to get into Lisa R.'s circle of awesome specials.Do want more.
5	Really Great Sushi, and Service is Excellent. I read the reviews, and im suprised I have never had a bad experience here. I have two favorite local sushi places and this is one of them. The fish is fresh and the deserts are great.
5	Best sushi in town by far. Super fresh fish, excellent service, and friendly staff. My go-to sushi when i'm in vegas. The nigiri is melt in your mouth and super fresh. The rolls are amazing too. My favorite is the volcano roll. Oh and try the tuna poke salad, it is the best i've ever had.
5	I love this place!!!! They have the best garlic tunas in town! I have to eat here at least once a week!!!!
5	Very good service, great people and food. Nice to hit up a sushi place and feel welcomed. Will be back for sure. Spicy albacore and spicy tuna were great. Poke is great with a little spice.This place is well worth the money.
4	I have never had a bad experience here. I always sit at the sushi bar so I can talk to the chef's and get my food quickly. They do not overload the sushi with rice like many other AYCE places do. A meal+ a beverage run about $30 a person before tip so it is not something I can get as often as I would like. I stick to the sushi because I can watch the chef's make it, although I am sure the stuff that comes from the back is decent. It is a small place and is usually full until 8pm or so.
5	A year and a half after asking Yelp where to get AYCE sushi, we finally got around to trying Blue Fin. We went at about 7 pm on a Friday and only waited about 5 minutes for a table. This was impressive, since this place is teeny tiny. The staff is super friendly and eager to serve. All in all, we ended up with: Rainbow roll, Tiger roll, White Tiger roll, Red Dragon roll, Caterpillar roll, and the Wet Dream roll, plus vegetable tempura. All of is was fabulous! The White Tiger roll is very garlicky and amazing. The Red Dragon is a must for tuna lovers. The Wet Dream is ultra rich and should be eaten while you have plenty of belly room. The only roll I didn't love was the Caterpillar; the eel sauce at Blue Fin tastes very caramel-y, something I don't love. The AYCE selection is really, really great. If you can't find a handful of rolls, hand rolls and nigiri that you like, you clearly don't like sushi as much as you think. Anyway, here are the details I couldn't find beforehand: AYCE has an hour time limit. There's a separate menu for it. They say that they'll charge you the full price of any roll you don't finish, but we didn't finish one and weren't charged for it. I don't get the impression that they're sticklers for the rules, which is great (as long as you don't abuse them!). Its $25.99 for dinner, $21.99 for lunch. We'll definitely be back!
5	Super fresh fish and attentive service.  I am now officially obsessed with the Gangnam Roll, despite the cheesy name.. Went on a Monday and the spot was jumpin'.  Happy to see a deserving neighborhood establishment doing so well.
4	Today was my second time going to this sushi restaurant and it was just as good as the last time. I contemplated doing the AYCE ($27.00 for dinner) but decided that I wasn't hungry enough to eat AYCE. I was so glad that I opted out of ding AYCE because they serve huge rolls. Each roll I got was bigger than any I have ever gotten anywhere else. By the time I was done with my second roll I was stuffed! My only complaint is that their cream cheese tasted a bit odd none the less the sushi was overall really good.
5	I highly recommend this AYCE.  Great ahi poke salad and desserts.  Wow on everything plus great service to boot! We will be back!!! Hopefully soon.
2	Really wanted to love Blue Fin as the service was EXCELLENT, but sushi quality was not very good.The tuna was fatty and the rolls way to big to fit into a bite. They don't offer half portions and come with the standard AYCE warning about being charged menu price for unfinished sushi. However, we left sushi on the table but were not charged. Staff was very friendly and accommodating so I feel bad going off on the sushi but can't give an honest review without mentioning that I was disappointed. Garlic tuna had wasabi on it which I do not care for. Most places usually stick to just garlic & sauce and let customers put wasabi on it themselves.I would recommend smaller bite sized rolls and half portions so you don't commit to something you don't like. The Screaming Orgasm's special sauce was underwhelming and lacked that tangy punch I was hoping for.Because of the super nice staff, we might come back in a few months to try it again...a la carte.
2	Yelp, you have failed me!  I had such great hopes before visiting -- from all of the 4 and 5 star reviews and from the consistent Sushi threads in the talk forum.I think what happens is that the trend reviews really skews reviewer's perception.  Either that or I just went on an off day.In regards to overall atmosphere, appearance, quality of food, and variety, Blue Fin doesn't come anywhere close to Goyemon.   This is coming from someone who believes that Goyemon has been on the decline of late.I left Blue Fin full, feeling sick, and wanting my money back.  What the hell is in the sauce on your eel and rolls.  Do they put cornstarch in there to thicken it?  The Udon soup tasted foul as well.  The fry they use in their soft shell crab and agadashi tofu was definitely not japanese.  The only saving grace of this place was their salmon skin salad which was delicious.  Still, there is no reason for me to come back.   There's probably 100 sushi AYCE places in Vegas and I would rate Blue Fin as average.
3	I have been to Blue Fin a few times since my initial review and sadly, each time I go, I am less impressed by both the service and the food. When I go to my other go-to spot in town for sushi I always walk out stuffed and happy, even if the service was slipping a bit (which seems to be happening more and more these days). When I walk out of Blue Fin lately, I am full but wishing I had gone somewhere else...My favorite thing to order at a sushi spot is hotate nigiri (scallops) however Blue Fin does not offer up hotate, only "yum yum scallops" which is scallops chopped up and mixed with mayo. Gross. No thank you. Blue Fin does not offer up half rolls. For me it is sometimes difficult to enjoy a place that has AYCE but does not offer up half rolls as an option... Some of my favorite dining companions either do not eat sushi at all, or do not eat enough to warrant paying for AYCE, and I have found that I personally can not get my money worth if I try to go the AYCE route at Blue Fin. Part of that is due to how oversized some of the menu items are. As others have mentions, many of the rolls are so large they have to be eaten in multiple bites. I was taught sushi should be eaten in one bite. Some of the appetizers are oversized as well, the cucumber salad I had on my last visit was ridiculously large. Sometimes, bigger is NOT better. Some of my favorite Vegas Yelpers love Blue Fin, people that have recommended other places I love. Perhaps I need to go to Blue Fin with them, to see if they are ordering things I am not and perhaps that is my problem? Until then, I am going to hold off on Blue Fin for a bit as there are numerous other places in town where I can get my need for sushi met.
4	This week was my first time and wasn't disappointed. I've had Blue Fin Sushi & Roll bookmarked ever since I've read all their positive reviews.  Last week I had overall poor experience at a sushi restaurant in San Diego. I don't want to embarrass I-Sushi so I won't mention their name.  I knew redemption was needed and needed quick.My visit was during lunch time and chose their AYCE for $21.99. I want to add that from the outside, this joint looks bigger than it really is.  The ambiance was perfect around 11:40 AM for someone eating alone and we all know for the best service, you have eat at the bar near the sushi artists. There was only one other patron here at the time. That only lasted about 20 minutes because once noon hit, the fans started showing up. Every seat was taken and a line was forming by 12:30 PM. Just keeping up with the Jones'. Just another sign that Blue Fin is the way to go.I had a couple of items for my AYCE venture;-Nigiri: Yellowtail, Salmon, and the Garlic Spicy Tuna-Rolls:  Tried their Rock and Roll, which is a cucumber wrapped roll with crab, tuna, salmon, and yellowtail-Hand Rolls: Spicy Crab and the Crunch ShrimpEverything I've tried was delicious and fresh. I thought that the Nigiri's were small, but it's all you can eat. Order more if it's not enough.  I did just that, I ordered and ordered until I was able to erase my last poor experience in San Diego.  To be honest, the food was so satisfying here that just my first nigiri already made up for it.This review cannot end without commenting on the service. 5 stars for service alone. Even though I was just one of about forty that was eating here, they made me feel like a rockstar (no, not the energy drink).  Watch these guys in action. Rolls, bowls, and shashimi's ordered and delivered with the quickness. All it takes is some eye contact and they're ready to take your request.My only gripe about this place...it's on the opposite side of town from where I am normally at. Guess that's not their fault. On a side note...thanks to all the fellow Yelpers that either gave suggestions for next time or wished me a good lunch due to my experience over the weekend. You guys rock!!
5	This is one of the best sushi places I have been in a long time. I paid for the all you can eat and OMG was amazing to try everything. It was different then most sushi place were paying for a normal small roll which here I receive more then needed. I shall be coming here again.
5	Date night last night and Blue Fin did not let us down. Best sushi outside Nobu I've found. I really like nigiri & their Hamachi and salmon were amazing. My only complaint would be the different special sauces can be overpowering, but the sushi chef was happy to omit the sauce. AYCE is simple and reasonable.  Service was quick even though the place was packed. This place is an absolute winner.
3	For me, this place was just A-OK.  I came on a Saturday for lunch, by myself and sat at the bar.  I was pumped and ready for AYCE sushi.  For me, "sushi" means rolls - I just don't have much interest in the other foods.  For my starter roll I always like to order a spicy tuna - as a judge for my comparison to other places.  To their credit, the Spicy Tuna roll was the largest roll I have ever seen.  I later learned (though it is not listed on the menu) that I could order half-rolls.  Honestly, one roll in and I was starting to feel full - ARGH!  It was a good roll.  Next, I picked one of their fried roll specials - the Mexican roll.  Now this was new to me.  I've never had a fried roll.  Honestly, it just wasn't very good to me.  I should have stuck to what I know best and not deviated too far.  The roll was larger than the first one and each piece was too large to eat by itself.  Bummer.  I couldn't finish the roll - it was just too much. So my AYCE excitement was crashed when I could only finish one roll and a half.  I didn't get to try anything more.  Call me lame for sticking to rolls at a place like this, but it's what I prefer.  I will add that the place just felt weird to me.  There were about 6 men working behind the counter and the kitchen - and only 3 customers.  Several of the men came out to "catch a glimpse" of another female customer eating by herself.  Kinda creepy.  I wanted to really like this place, but my experience just didn't do that for me.
5	Glad to have discovered this place.
4	Fresh and inventive menu in an intimate space - just how I like my sushi.  However, I find many of their items borderline fusion.  So if you like cream cheese and truffle vinaigrette on your rolls, then this is your place. I would definitely go back for yellowtail  belly sushi.  It's not on the menu so ask if they have it.  Great service.
4	Great place for the price! Never crowded! Great rolls! Give it a try
5	Sushi was AMAZING! Very high quality fish, super fresh. It's definitely a little jewel in Henderson.
5	This place is awesome I've been here about 9 times now and I have never been disappointed The staff is excellent and the cooks definitely know what they are doing I recommend this place to all my friends and family Blue fin you guys rocks
4	On my second visit, I wanted to love this place even more. Instead, I had to take it down a notch.The lunch was quite satisfying overall. One thing that I didn't quite remember from last time was that the appetizer portions are all pretty large. They're definitely shareable if you come in a pair or more. I enjoyed the "pizza mussels" again, and the tuna crab cakes were a worthy substitute for the dinner-only soft shell crab. The salmon skin salad was nice and crunchy as well.Moving away from appetizers, the salmon, super white, and cajun albacore nigiri were all really good. I could order those over and over all day. The unagi nigiri was also good as expected. The salmon lover roll and the Mexican roll (not the royal Mexican, didn't try that one) both won me over at first bite, and the white tiger was pretty good if you like the garlic kick. I liked the Blue Fin lasagna roll too. Heck, a lot of the other menu rolls sounded really good, and I really wanna go back and try those.The only issue is that there was quite a bit of wasabi sandwiched between the fish and the rice on some of the nigiri. Finding these wasabi bombs is not all that pleasant if you're not a wasabi person or if you've already put a decent amount of wasabi in your soy sauce. Obviously I'll have to skip the wasabi next time, and I'm sure I'll enjoy it as much as I want to then.
5	Incredible service, delicious food and amazing value.  The Sushi was fresh and plentiful!!!!!!
5	Amazing food. All you can eat makes it a fantastic value.
5	At this point I come here as much as I do as Yama Sushi. I always ignored this place for one reason of another, probably because it was on Sunset and I would rather stick to solid sushi. Nothing is worse than chucking $25+ on subpar sushi. This isn't the case at all.I love the ambiance and the side of the building is quite tidy, but still spacious. I love the service and have never had a bad experience. Even though I'm quite the sushi snob I still have a horrible time remembering most names of rolls.But any place that has a solid roll that has Garlic Ponzu (see Kan Pai Sushi) gets major points. I always try the shrimp, albacore and unagi. Solid, Solid, Solid. It's only until recently I remembered I can order pot stickers AYCE as well, definately try it.All of the Blue Fin Specials (tempura or standard) are rock solid. I don't get the 2 or 1 star reviews, it's solid overall and I'm quite picky in regards to sushi.You only get 1 hour to order sushi for AYCE but that's more than enough thanks to the fast service. This is a good alternative or complement with Yama Sushi. The menu is a bit smaller but I feel they have a wider variety of tastes compared to Yama.Regardless, try it out. Solid place!
4	Stopped in here for a quick bite. My husband and I have lived in Portland and San Francisco, so our sushi standards are pretty high. The place is a quaint little sushi place. Their lunch AYCE is $21.99 pp. The rolls are huge!!! Look carefully at the menu and decide if it will be worth it before you decide on the AYCE price. Friendly staff, fresh food, cute place. We'll be back!!
4	First and foremost, finding good sushi anywhere is hard.  To find a place that has a proficient and friendly staff close by is awesome! I've been here twice and was happily surprised by the quality. Normally AYCE and sushi really rub me the wrong way, but Blue Fin Sushi proved me there can be exceptions.I've had the yellowtail sashimi, garlic albacore, uni, unagi, sweet shrimp, and fresh pacific oysters, All of it was very good. They also offer a large selection of combination rolls if thats more your speed.Looking forward to trying a few more goodies soon.
3	So...I'm in Vegas visiting my friend and we wanted some sushi..so I looked up some stuff on Yelp and found this place. We had good service, good beer and overall we enjoyed everything. The main problem I have with this place is that they use imitation crab in every roll except the soft shell crab rolls. ( I don't like soft shell crab so I guess I'm SOL) My friend didn't mind at all because she said that she can't tell the difference. I CAN tell the difference! I just don't get it!! Don't say it's crab if it's not crab!! WTF! You don't put fake tuna in your roll...so why put fake crab?? Anyway I do have to say although the crab was fake the rolls were still very good. I really liked the Wet Dream. We both agreed that it was our favorite. Overall the service was good, the rolls were pretty and good and the beers...also good.
3	Baked mussels are awesome here! Also liked screaming orgasm as an appetizer. Ahi poke tuna was too spicy, a lot of halapeno slices in it. I am not a big fan of wasabi, guess it is an authentic japanese kitchen, but it is in every piece of sushi... On top of rice, hidden under the fish. Great service! Nigori sake overpriced.
4	I eat sushi OFTEN!! The service is outstanding. I tipped the guy. 20 I thought it was so good. The all you can Is the entire menu!! I would give it a 5 the only reason I didn't Is that the sushi isn't as fresh as I would of liked.  Everything was still very good, I just thought the product could of been a notch up. However it's a small little place and they do the best they can
4	Wow! Can you say "food coma?" I don't know sushi very well, I am only a year or two into it. However, I have had bad sushi and I have had the best. Their sushi is fantastic when it comes to flavor. The Red Dragon was extremely good. The spicy tuna was excellent. The spicy crab was ok, but it's also the first time I've tried that dish.Sushi is also about its presentation and I would say these guys could do a little better. It's the only reason they didn't get 5 stars. The flavor was so good, the presentation really doesn't matter. The service was excellent, fast, and very friendly. I will definitely be a repeat customer.
3	They use too much mayo and sauce on everything.   The rolls are huge, too big to fit in mouth.  The tempura tasted weird like cornstarch.  I don't like eating at AYCE places and you get full off of one huge ass roll.  The sides such as the udon and the salmon skin salad should be smaller as well.  The udon broth and the nigiri was good.  Had the yellowtail and white tuna.   Overall It was ok, dont think I will be back though.
5	I'm ashamed to admit I have a prejudice. I believe the idea of all you can eat and sushi reflects on the quality of the products they use. I was wrong, so wrong, and I'm sorry it took me so long to see the light.Blue Fin is a great establishment. The fish is incredible, I mean fresh, clean, and can balance traditional cutting method with inventive items. They already have a great menu, but are able to create items based on your personal taste that will blow you away. The service is incredibly friendly, and the chefs are so skilled. So glad I found them!
4	Love Blue Fin!  The fish is grubbin' and the staff is very nice and accommodating.  I usually like to stop in after class for the dinner time eats and have come a few times during lunch to chow down.  Although I'm usually a fan of baked mussels, I'm not a fan of the one they serve here.  Like Chris V. said, it's more a lasagna/pizza approach when I'm used to the sparingly sauced types of baked mussels out in the valley.  Other than that, Blue Fin does stellar and continually warrants repeated visits from time to time.  Try out the Mexican roll and the Hawaiian roll.. both of my favs.  Enjoy!
1	I would say it tasted like store bought sushi, but I would never insult Whole Foods like that. We tried Blue Fin because it was closer to my neighborhood than my go-to spot. The reviews on Yelp (thanks guys -_-) seemed great, so we decided to try it. How can I put this...Blue Fin is like that pathetic ex boyfriend that you refuse to waste your unlimited text messages on.At the start of our meal, we were greeted by a smile-less "have you been helped already?" Now keep in mind this is a sit down sushi restaurant, not a fast food establishment. Shortly after sunshine took our orders, the appetizers arrived. It must've been fate or something because I've always wanted to try really chewy calamari! The kind where you take one bight, and the whole thing comes out of the skin because it was cooked so well! How did they know?!! Then we received our rolls. Are you people effing kidding me? Yes, the rolls are big, but I prefer quality over quantity. They are made with too much overcooked rice and last week's catch of the day. So gross. So once our first roll came out, we decided  to be brave and try other things off the menu since we ordered the all you can eat. Where was our server? In the corner, staring blankly at the t.v above our table. I was staring at her, said excuse me, sent a pigeon, and shot a flare gun trying to get her attention...NOPE. Our busser was great! He took our drink orders, cleared our dishes, took the majority of our food orders and wait...where was our waitress?? Standing in the corner of the 10x10 box, (in which they call a restaurant) staring at the t.v and checking her phone. You could tell it was the type of place where they shared tips, otherwise I would've would've only gave 10%. I really hope he got my tip because she didn't deserve it.At the end of our meal, she just drops off the check. No smile, no "thank you" nothing. So that's when I asked "were you our server?" She said "yes". To which I replied "really? Cause the busser took most of our orders while you were just standing in the corner watching tv." "Then she said  "the bussers are supposed to do that, whoever is closer. I did not watch tv at all." "Do you feel like you did a good job? Cause I did not." Her response was "I'm sorry you feel that way." Thank you for your backwards apology sweetie. I really appreciated it. I'm sorry too. I'm sorry that not only was the food disgusting, so was your attitude. To put it simply, our server's name was Jin. If she's not your server, I'm pretty sure you'll have a tolerable experience. If she is, hold up your cross and run away!!
2	Place is small, you can sit outside... In this heat, no thanks.Service was BAD. We had to ask multiple times for things. My fiance had plastic,YES PLASTIC in his water.Food, is mehh. We've had better.My 5 month old daughter was with us, and her outfit had gotten messy while we were there, so I took her in the bathroom, and changed her, without making a scene. However, I had a mommy brain fart, and forgot to pack a second outfit.It was a week day, and the place was NOT busy. So, because I knew that we were just waiting for dessert and the check, I walked out with her in a blanket and her diaper. The waitress just had to ask why my baby was "naked." Making it seem like I was an unfit parent. Almost drawing attention to our table. Making us very uncomfortable.We couldn't get out of there fast enough.
4	4.4 for sure. My husband and I were looking for a lunch spot near the Galaxy Green Valley theater and Yelp led us here.  For an AYCE sushi place, Blue Fin definitely is above par.  I'm pretty sure if you googled "cozy" there'd be a link to this place.  It's quite quaint. There is a great selection and variety of  nigiri and clever sushi rolls. My husband does not like fish but loves veggie rolls. He was thrilled to see a baked veggie roll on the menu (he's never had one before). He loved it. I had salmon and hamachi sushi (my faves) and I also had the rock & roll and the blue fin special roll. All were delicious and all fresh.The sushi chefs were extremely accommodating and courteous, and the wait staff were attentive. Service all around was great. The chefs also made a special off the menu veggie roll for my husband that he absolutely loved.The big plus here, that sets it apart from standard AYCE places, is definitely the freshness and the variety.  I am absolutely coming back and I would recommend to anyone looking for a great AYCE spot.
2	I've read the reviews for this place and had high expectations. Had being the key word. Me and the wife had the AYCE, and we chose this place based off of the good reviews from other yelpers. Overall I believe this place is lacking.... In everything. We checked out the menu and majority of it had crab meat, imitation at that. Limited menu compared to other sushi places. Only certain rolls you could get at half rolls where other places like Kaizen you can get their whole menu in half rolls. Service was adequate for us, but there were two guys sitting at the bar and the two servers (male and female) were making fun of them because of what they were wearing, and the male server was on his iPhone leaning against the bar. The sushi we got was par, nothing great. Mostly rice and crab meat which to me seems like a way to make us full faster. All in all we were both disappointed, to say the least.
4	I wish I could give this half stars because I would give 4 1/2. I got the royal veggie and a cucumber which were both fantastic! Ordering, I thought the royal veggie was a bit pricey ($7.50) but it was a  HUGE roll so I get it now (cucumber was $4). First thing I noticed walking in is that it smelled good and not like rotting fish. I will definitely be back!
5	We have been enjoying the Blue Fin for several years now.  The creative group of Sushi Chefs seems to have expanded, and surprisingly, the quality has remained at the consistently high level we have come to expect.  As the economy picks up, so does the number of people that dine there, but that is not a bad thing.  Since we sat at the Sushi Bar, the service was spot-on.  Miso soup is some of the best in the valley, and the sushi is always fresh.  Try the Rock N Roll roll.......
3	I am not a fan of AYCE as I have yet to find a place that can maintain quality ingredients, quality presentation, and creativity at the AYCE price.  Blue Fin tries but still falls short of perfection.  The fish is fresh but inconsistent.  The rolls I tried (Crazy Yum Yum, Dragon, and Grand Canyon????.  They were good but the CYY was drowned in a spicy sauce and you couldn't get the fish flavors while the Dragon was bland.  The softshell crab was good and there is plenty of choices on the menu, even sweet shrimp which is often extra on an AYCE menu is included!The place was packed for a uye so the questionable service we received (it took 45 minutes to get our food while people who ordered after us received theirs in minutes) and harried staff can be partly excused.I will go back on a less crowded time and hopefully have a better experience.  I agree with past reviewers that for an AYCE this is above average but as most AYCE places do, it  is just a step down of tje quality and consistency I want from sushi.
3	The Blue Fin Sushi was tempting to try, so I went with my 12 yr. old daughter. I did AYCE. The sushi was okay. But guess what? There was TOO MUCH RICE. And they say whatever is leftover, they charge extra. I think they put too much rice on the sushi to purposely charge extra. So I know I'm never going here again, neither is my daughter. Remember, if you're thinking about going here, just remember.. THERE. IS. TOO. MUCH. RICE. ON. THE. SUSHI. AND. THEY. WILL. CHARGE. YOU. EXTRA. PURPOSELY.
5	Great for the price! Did not expect the great level of quality
3	I finally made it all the way out to Blue Fin...it was one of my original bookmarks i've had for over a year, and I finally gave it a shot! LOLThe nigiri here was hit and miss...some great, some uninspiring and not quite as fresh tasting as I am used to, but the rolls were done well here!  I think this is gonna be a good place for the roll lovers...good presentation and taste...lots of depth and goodies hiding inside.Baked Green Mussel with parmigiano in an Escargot style serving dish! Pretty good! Dare I say too cheesy??  It was a little difficult to eat, as the cheese melted together on top in a solid form, and I had to rip parts of cheese to eat with the mussels as they sat naked underneath, vs it being a melted goo of goodness.I enjoyed the soft shell crab appetizer.  I think this was a "one per guest" kind of order item, but I definitely would have ordered two!Service was good, especially considering the amount of people we had in our group!  i think they did forget one or two things I ordered, or they ended up on someone else's table, but I was getting too full enough to complain lol.Took lots of pics!  See below :
2	Ate here again when back in Vegas and I must say I'm so embarrassed I took my mom here! I don't know what happened since our last visit here but it was awful this time and we won't be going back! Too bad we will just have to find another sushi spot when we visit Vegas.
5	Sushi fresh flown in fron Hawaii.  Great prices.  Available parking.  Friendly staff.
4	One of my favorite places... selection is great and prices are reasonable.
5	This is by far our favorite sushi place!  We've been going here since they opened their doors.  The owners are friendly, remember our names & our menu (and off menu) favorites.  Everything is always very fresh, made just right, and perfect!  No other place compares!  We've been there when the place is packed and been there on slower times.  Every chance we get, we go here. If you let them know what you like or don't like, they'll make sure you are happy.  If you love sushi, this is the place to go.  (they do have many other options and everything we've tried from the menu is great)  I highly recommend this place over all and any others
5	I LOVE this place!!! I wish it wasn't so far, but everytime I can even think of a reason to go down to Henderson, I jump on the opportunity to go to Blue Fin. My husband and I have been here twice, and both times have had no wait, and sadly, not very many people. People are missing out by driving out and waiting for an hour for a table at Goyemon. The fish here is SO fresh and their pieces of Uni are always big, overflowing, and fresh. The fish to rice ratio is fair unlike some places where I have to take out the rice from my nigiri (and then pray I don't get charge). When my husband and I came last, we ordered a ton of nigiri and a sushi chef would always give us cuts of sashimi on the side of that fish. It was much appreciated!! Although my husband and I often order nigiri (our favorites are white tuna, spicy tuna, halibut, sweet shrimp, and UNI!), we also tried some of their rolls. The white tiger was very yummy and so were the fresh rolls that I don't remember, but they have some very yummy and appealing rolls on the menu. When my husband and I ate at an unnamed sushi spot last week, I looked at all the rolls and they all sounded disgusting and once again, I wished I was at Blue Fin. The service is SO fast! I love it! It seems like with a snap of a finger when you sit at the sushi bar, you will receive your food. The first time my husband and I came, we were in and out within 45 minutes because they just kept handing over our orders. The second time we took it a little slower, but were there for barely an hour. Overall, I love this place! If it was closer, it would be my go-to sushi spot. If you're ever in Henderson, definitely give it a try!
4	Very large extensive AYCE menu which also includes dessert!! My group and I weren't very hungry so we didn't want to tackle the AYCE menu so we ordered a la carte. However when the bill was all totaled and done we spent the same amount of money if we would have done AYCE- lesson learned. The Volcano roll was probably my favorite. It was lightly fried on the outside which gave it a good crunch and it was different from all the other rolls we tried that night. One thing that I did notice is that blue fin uses a lot more sauce than most other sushi joints- we got an Over the Rainbow roll which is your typical rainbow roll but it was served with the chef's special sauce which was plentiful and a little overpowering at times. Also- I didn't think the tempura ice cream was too successful. The tempura part did not cook right and was just too soggy. I've had this at other sushi restaurants with much better success. But I did enjoy the green tea ice cream
4	So what if I'm a little late in writing reviews?  Granted that I moved away from Henderson in June of 2012 and have been eating there from 2009 until I left, but better late than never I suppose...Where to start?  I lived at the apartments by that intersection and EVERY SINGLE DAY after school I had to make a decision. Make a left to go home or make a right to Blue Fin.  Let me tell you, 8 times out of 10, Blue Fin won.Their lunch special portions are great for the price.  I usually get the 2-roll lunch special and end up not having dinner.  In the event that I go for AYCE (which is quite often), I LOVE their ikura (I think it's the best in Vegas) and that one roll with the guacamole (I KNOW, right? Don't judge until you try it) is amazing.  It may not be the most traditional sushi joint ever (especially since I have been spoiled by Little Tokyo in LA), but it's sushi with a little 'fun' mixed into it (without being too far out).The staff has always been awesome and very attentive. I've never had a problem there. Once and a while I'll take my notes with me to study while I sit and eat yummy sushi in the patio area. Also, whenever my family comes to visit me from California, I always take them to Blue Fin.So sad that I moved to Oregon...I've been missing Blue Fin since.
3	Good for sushi fix. Good fish, their Tokyo express was quite nice.
4	4.3 StarsLocation Overview:First impression is everything. Walking into this location I was a tad bit worried about how small this building was. It is actually quite a small place for sushi. There are only about 6-8 tables inside. And about another 6-8 tables outside in a little patio section. The place is clean and in this situation size is not everything.Customer Service:Customer service here was on point. The guy serving us came out to our table just about every 5mins to make sure we had enough drinks and had a new roll ready for the all you can eat. Walking in we were greeted by all staff as well as leaving. Never had to wait long for our waiter to get something. Food Quality/Quantity:The quality of the food is a lot better than what I was expecting. (After being worried about a small business in such a small building) I was more than impressed with the size of the menu. I of course did the all you can eat which is about the same price as every other sushi restaurant. The quality of the sushi was great. With the awesome designs on the food it made it fun to eat. The taste of each roll definitely fit the names of the sushi rolls. The quantity was more than enough for each roll. I noticed that they actually cut a couple more sushi pieces into the roll (not sure if it is the same size or not). The food came out at a decent time. never waiting longer than 15mins for anything to get to us. Side Notes:Not recommended for a large party.
5	We love this place!!! We moved to this side 3 years ago and found this little sushi bar right next door. We have never gone anywhere else since. No where else compares to this!!!!  Great quality fish, awesome selection of rolls, amazing appetizers!!!  We love all of the chefs and they treat us great!!!  We never even have to order.  They already know what we want!!  Well worth your money. Try them out.
4	Great food, great prices, fresh fish.  Some of the best sushi I have had in Vegas.  The only reason I wouldn't give 5 stars is the atmosphere.  The staff is very nice but the inside feels cramped and dated.
1	I don't like writing bad reviews but this was by far one of our worst experiences out. Had lunch with my kids here and was not impressed at all unfortunately. We were sat at a table with no settings and had to ask for every little thing because our server didn't feel the need to do it on her own without us asking. Made us feel like a bother which I definitely don't like doing. As she brought out a few plates we had to keep asking her for chopsticks, napkins, soy sauce, ginger, & wasabi bc she kept forgetting. Smh The quality of the fish was ok but the Uni & Ikura tasted funny. It had a weird sweet after taste which I didn't like. The Udon was too salty too.So midway into our meal we realized that some of our orders didn't come out so we had to actually ask her 2 3 times if it was still coming. Apparently she forgot to put it in. In the end we still never got our some of our orders and son's spider roll so said forget it. She was a horrible server. She later disappeared and was nowhere to be found. If it wasn't for the other guy that was there who was very nice and attentive to bringing out what we needed and taking over we would've made a complaint which we NEVER do. I feel bad because I can't remember his name, think maybe it was Omar or Carlos? He was the only guy there and maybe mexican. Credit for his great service not hers.
5	This quaint sushi joint is my all time favorite in Henderson. They have the freshest fish, all you can eat and the chefs always remember us when we return and what we ordered last. They just expanded their space to accommodate the influx of sushi lovers. This was my hidden little secret, but the word got out and I am sooo happy for the owners and chefs. Don't let the outside of the building psych you out... Because you won't be disappointed by the greatness and the extensive menu selections.
5	Easily the best AYCE I've been to in Vegas so far, and that title comes at the price of many nights of mediocre cuisine and frustration. The nigiri is exceptionally fresh and tasty. The sushi rice is well vinegared, tasty, and the rice to fish ratio is superb. I was a huge fan of the super white tuna, which was just fresh and clean in taste, and the unagi, which was this delicious sear on the outside so it had a yummy crunch to it. The rolls were exceptional as well. I love that they do half rolls of almost everything. Descriptions are very accurate, and again, the rice to fish ratio is excellent. The rolls aren't rice heavy and each one was tasty. The baked mussels were delish and came in a cute little dish that had a spot for each mussel (minor detail, but I loved the dish). And the ahi poke was on point. Also, all our servers spoke English and were able to tell us what each item was accurately, unlike some places I've been to. I can't wait to go back! This is definitely a place I'll recommend to friends without hesitation.
3	Wasn't bad at all, in fact i do plan on returning. The calamari was a little bit different than what I'm used too, 4 long strips versus the pile of tempura style rings others serve. The mussels were different also, as they don't serve them in the shells in, which is cool but different. The rolls were fresh & the staff was friendly. Extra friendly, helpful & responsive. Each sushi spot is unique in it's own way and none of them are the same.
5	Best sushi I've ever had! The rolls are not loaded down with rice so the rice to fish ratio is perfect. The fish is super fresh, the servers are amazing, and the chefs are super nice. One chef made sure I liked everything and even made me a special roll that's wasn't on the menu. My favorite roll was the Blue Fin Special- it was to die for!!!!! I can't believe how much I love this place. If you are a fan of baked green mussels, they have a very unique approach to the dish while keeping it simple. Also, they allow half rolls of everything except deep fried rolls so that's great especially if you want to try everything. I will definitely be back to this place. I'm already counting down the days.....
5	Simply amazing! The food was fresh the service was on point! The price for the AYCE was only $21.99 during lunch and it was worth every penny of it and then some. Enjoyed great food with great company! I will definitely be going there in the very near future thank you for the experience!!!
4	let me preface this review that i'm completely spoiled by SF sushi and i vowed NEVER to eat sushi in the desert!!!ok, so i caved and after getting many "you must try this place" recommendations from work colleagues...long story short sushi is fresh, staff is friendly and service is fast! PLUS the all you can eat option - enough said...i'm hooked on eating sushi in the desert! highly recommend this spot!!!
5	As far as AYCE sushi, this place gets 5 stars from me. I'm not a fan of AYCE sushi, I was pleasantly surprised how good everything was here. Came with a group of 6 AYCE-aters one night, so we were able to sample a little bit of everything. Soft Shell Crab TempuraScreaming OrgasmSalmon Skin SaladCalamari TempuraUniAmaebiSalmon NigiriAgedashi TofuYellowtail Belly NigiriSalmon Belly NigiriSpicy Scallop HandrollSalmon Skin HandrollTempura Ice CreamMochiOut of all the sushi we had, this place did not dissapoint. Everything tasted really fresh. With our large group, and mutiple orders, the staff was very efficient. We didn't have to wait to long for our orders and my iced green tea was refilled often.This place blows away Goyemon (which is beyond my comprehension why people dine at that dump). I would definitely come back here.
5	Great food and great service. And real Asians making your sushi. Most of our sushi in Vegas are no longer made by Asians. The Latin peeps are taking that over also.
4	Their service was very good! I went in at 3 pm on a Wednesday so it wasn't packed and our food was served to us really quickly.   Overall food was delicious and service was great! If you love sushi their AYCE is the way to go! Would recommend this place I'm definitely going back!
4	Waited about 2 hours and didn't get into sushi mon so called and this place got us in right away. We ordered a big order and got great service at first but turn services started to wane as we were there longer and they were not that busy. The sushi was pretty good and the Ayce was decently priced around 25 bucks. I would go back again.
4	I am not a big sushi fan but my boyfriend absolutely loves this place. I love that you can get all you can eat at a reasonable price  and it includes appetizers and desserts. The quality seems good and service is fast....
4	My friend told me about this place so I had to try it and Im so glad I did!! I order the tempura lunch special and it was so good and filling. I will be back again soon so I can try the all you can eat to really get a feel on the rolls they serve!! YUMMY
4	I like sushi alot. This place has an all you can eat option like most. The food is good I don't like how is says on the menu you have to eat all the rice or they will charge you. For me it puts stress on my meal. But the service was amazing and there salad dressing was delicious.
4	My family and I eat here pretty frequently, usually for ayce sushi. Fish tastes pretty fresh, the quality is good for ayce and it's presented nicely. I normally eat mostly nigiri so i can't say much for the rolls but I've liked all of the chef's specials rolls I've tried. Love the service here! They are always fast seat you, bring out food, clear plates, and refill drinks. We never have to ask the servers for anything because they're always on it. They recently expanded so there's never a wait and sports fans they are always playing espn on the tvs.
5	Delicious place got to try it ! Sushi is bomb Katsura chicken pretty good my favorite is the mochi !! And if u don't know what that is u better come and try it
5	This place is hands down the BEST AYCE sushi spot in Vegas! My boyfriend and i normally get sushi every other week and we usually try to find different spots. I found out about Blue Fin about 2 months ago and OH MY GOOODNESSS! IT IS FREAKING AMAAAZING! This is our favorite spot to go to. The rolls are superb ; always fresh and prepared super fast, and the sauces are very unique. The customer service is excellent as wellt! Everyone there makes you feel welcome and the chefs are really nice too. It's very spacious and quiet. And yes, they do have TV's, you can ask the chefs if you can change the channel and they wouldn't mind at all. Everyone here, is always nice and they really make you feel welcome.  If you're hesitant about trying Blue Fin out, don't! Just try it out and you won't regret it :) Don't let the outside fool you either, it doesn't look appealing from the outside, but trust me, it is thebomb.com :POhh, and make sure to try the Gangnam Style & Golden Tiger; YUMMMMM!
3	Tried this place as it was recommended by a friend. My normal is sushi Mon so the bar is set high. Blue fin was ok. I enjoyed the cajun albacore as it was very "cajun" flavor. Other than that, it was just a normal sushi place. The ice cream sucked, red bean and green tea was freezer burned and tasted gross.
5	I have driven past Blue Fin many times and never realizing it.  We finally, after hearing great things, decided to give it a try.  So, we met a couple of friends for dinner and grabbed a table.  I like the feel of Blue Fin as you walk in.  We were in the first section, not near the bar.  So, we didn't have the bar experience, which I have grown accustomed to.  But, the service was quick and friendly.  I like the menu a lot, and was able to get out of my comfort zone a bit.  I am still a sushi rookie, but I kind of know what I am looking for in a good roll.The first thing we ordered was the poke.  I had a couple of pieces but, it's not my thing.  Everyone else at the table loved it.  Anyhow, we started to order rolls after rolls.  Now, I don't know the names, but know that they were good.  Screaming O's, spicy tuna, and a roll that I will probably crave for a while now, that had guacamole.  It seemed every roll came out looking amazing and tasting even better.  We also had an interesting experience, and no fault at all to Blue Fin, a customer must have had a little too much Sake and was puking her guts up in the bathroom.  But, as soon as she was finished the staff went in quickly to clean up and sanitize everything.So, I'm sure we will definitely be back.  Great location, prices, sushi and service.
4	What a great experience.  I have heard of this place many times from people, know the neighborhood, so finally decided to try.  It was a fun night out with friends with lots of laughter.  The service was excellent, granted it wasn't crowded at all which surprised me for a saturday night, but the entire staff was helpful and worked together well keeping our glasses full and the food coming out efficiently.  We started with the Screaming orgasm appetizer, and the tuna poke.  The sauce on the screaming O was different but still very good, the poke came with seaweed salad and had a nice kick with flavorful spices.  We ordered a bunch of rolls as we all got AYCE and just went family style.  From the red dragon roll, to the rock and roll, the sunset, johnny johnny, and the tokyo express were the only ones I remember someone ordering.  I didn't taste them all but the ones I did were great and flavorful and I know everyone else was happy and satisfied.  My favorite was the rock and roll as no rice and so light and refreshing.  The cucumber wasn't overwhelming the fish either.  No five stars as the rock and roll is the only one without rice and you can only order one Screaming O and poke per AYCE.  Also compared to some other places we have all been together the dessert choices included were only average.  One of the guys even said the mochi was very dense.  But we made it fun and enjoyed a good meal with lots of laughter.  They only have one bathroom though so be careful how much you drink as we were waiting for someone who drank too much! I would definitely go back as variety is great and a very positive experience
4	Really good sushi! So many places in Vegas have AYCE for around $25 which is awesome. I just make it my only meal for the day and then chow down. :) My Ukranian Canadian friend and I went to town while my sushi-hating boyfriend just sat there and drank his "pop". I had a couple Sapporos and fresh nigiri and interesting rolls. No sashimi is allowed for AYCE though because they want you to fill up on rice. Boo! Sashimi is my favorite. I probably would have given this place 5 stars if it had included sashimi. Dessert, however, was included - yum mochi ice cream! :D
4	Sushi was good. Salmon collar and Hawaiian poki salad was excellent. Price was perfect for what I ate. They have wet and dry sushi. (wet sushi = lotta sauce = wet) not fond of wet sushi. but this was good. There dynamite and baked muscles is rich. 1 order is good for 2 people.
5	This place is great! The sushi chefs are all very nice and attentive. Kyle is probably my favorite sushi chef because he's very creative with rolls and will you make you different items based on what you like. It's also very clean, and everyone is very friendly.
3	Awesome deal for all you can eat sushi and amazing prices on wine!! Selection is ok and flavor is the same. If you're looking for best value though this is the place to be. Customer service is on point as we'll except for when it came to getting the check it was a little slow.
2	I was pregnant and was not able to come back here for a long while. Now when I arrived, the whole place was renovated. It's nice and pretty but when I asked the server if chef Tony is here, she gave me a weird look and told me she don't know anyone named tony. Now I'm scared if the good will taste the same. On the first round I ordered my fav appetizers and rolls to see if there's any difference. I'm always excited to eat baked mussels here, they have a distinct sauce that is not like other places; but I got disappointed big time... It tasted bland and not all in any hint close to their previous taste. I'm trying to keep an open mind and not think that it's a different chef. The coco roll was still good, I'm guessing they still have good quality fresh ingredients. Other 5 rolls I ordered are also not bad, but I notice more rice now and too much sauce. The baked scallops were too tiny and covered with so much breading you can barely see the scallop inside. I don't know what happened here but if they read this review I'm hoping they will contact the old owner and get in touch with chef tony. This place is now just like any other AYCE sushi places I've been to... And honestly I'd rather go somewhere else ... The server aside from giving me a weird look and didn't want to take my order until my other orders arrive; I'd say I will give her 2stars. Plus instead of refilling my hubby's lemonade, she gave him water and my husband wondered if there is no free refill for a simple lemonade.
4	Pretty good AYCE sushi. The place is very small however and we went on a cold night so sitting outside was not an option. I don't eat raw fish much but the cooked rolls were delish! I would go back again!
4	I have been here 3 times in the past two weeks. That should tell you something ;)Upon entering you receive a warm welcome from the staff. The service has been great every time I have been here and the food is AMAZING!!! They have a great selection and the "All You Can Eat" is a great deal. I have tried different items at each visit but I have to say the Firecracker Roll and Royal Mexican Rolls are my favorite. If you are looking for great Sushi, great service and a welcoming atmosphere...this is the place to be! Lunch Specials are also a great price.
4	This is my first favorite sushi place since we moved to Vegas. One of my favorite rolls us a blue fin special roll. It has the right amount of spice to it and does not overwhelm your taste buds. So far this is my place to go for sushi.
4	After seeing a review in the Las Vegas Review Journal showing A's in every category I visited this restaurant Tuesday, March 11, 2014. Was surprised to see how many already knew about this place.  Although my girlfriend thought the restaurant had a bit of a fishy smell, I have to say we all thought the food was fresh and quite good. They have an "all you can eat" sushi for 24.99 which is a great deal if you want several sushi items . However, sitting at the counter, I was never asked if I wanted to do this offer or not. It was not until the bill came that I saw the "all you can eat" price on it. I was not doing the "all you can eat" and had just ordered one item and salad, which came to a total of 15.00. I definitely recommend that you tell whoever takes your order, (whether it be a waitress or the sushi chef behind the counter), if you do or do not want the "all you can eat" offer.  Apparently, if you do not say anything, you will be charged for it. Competition is tough, with many followers liking I LOVE SUSHI, SPICY TUNA, OR MOMOSUSHI. It is important that customers don't feel like they are being swindled when dining and I suggest Blue Fin do their utmost to avoid the possibility of a customer feeling like they have been. Needing to correct the bill leaves a bad taste in one's mouth!
5	The wife and I visited this location for the first time today for the ayce lunch.  The atmosphere was great, that is quiet, no blaring music, clean and modern.  The staff was super friendly, fast and efficient.  We tried several different rolls and some nigiri.  The chef also made us a couple non menu items to taste and they were all very good.  The rolls are good size, no extra rice, fish was very fresh and tasty and the rolls were made beautifully.  The nigiri was fresh and not too much rice and the size of the fish was a good portion.  Sauces used were somewhat different than other places we have been to, but they were very good.  We may make this our go to spot for sushi even though we live on the northwest side of town.
5	The sushi staff is well trained and the fish is great...especially for the price.  The tako and uni with quail egg are my favorites.  Well done chefs!
4	The service was excellent, and the ambiance was pleasing. The food was great, too! Although I don't consider myself a sushi snob, I have had less than stellar sushi, and this was pretty darn good sushi.
5	I am always skeptical about trying new sushi places because of bad experiences in the past but I am so glad that I chose to try out Bluefin. I was greeted the moment I walked in, I was seated, I ordered and received my sushi very quickly. The sushi chefs were extremely nice and the sushi was delicious. I will definitely be going back.
4	I haven't been to Blue Fin in a couple of years.  The last time I went, I LOVED it...I thought it was better than my go to sushi place.I went last night with some friends, and had a good experience.  Not spectacular, but pretty good.The restaurant itself, is beautiful.  They've expanded since the last time I was in, and they now have a very large, spacious dining room, that is separate from the sushi bar area.  There are still tables near the bar, which is where we sat. We had a couple of servers taking care of us, and they were all polite, and very helpful.  The prices for drinks are pretty good.  I had an iced green tea for $2.50 with free refills, and a small bottle of hot sake for $3.95.  My roommate had a LARGE bottle of beer for $6.95.  Not bad at all.  I could have had a large hot sake for only $2 more, but...I was trying to behave myself. ;)Now...the fish!My favorite specialty roll here, is the Royal Unagi (made without avocado).  Its a baked roll with eel, cream cheese, a bit of tempura, and eel sauce on top.  It was just as delicious as I remembered, only...SO rich!!I really really wish that they would do a half roll, but on the baked/deep fried rolls, they don't do halves.The quality of the nigiri was good...not as consistantly good as Sushi Mon's but it was decent. My favorites of the night were:The Spicy Garlic Tuna...for a girl who is NOT a fan of spicy, this was too much for me to have more than a piece of.  So why did I go back for thirds?  SO delicious...the flavor was incredible.  So incredible, that I didn't care how badly my mouth was on fire.  The Unagi:  Perfect EVERY time.The Ebi:  Really good...perfect texture.From the appetizer menu, I LOVED the gyoza.  these were delicious!!  I'm a big gyoza fan, and really enjoyed these.Everything else we tried  was good, but didn't blow me away. Super White, which is my absolute favorite was GREAT the first round, but the second round was "meh."Also, the rice fell apart quite a lot at the beginning of the meal.I will say this, though, the service was great.  We sent two dishes back, and the only questions asked were simply quality control. One we sent back because it had a ton of creamy "yum yum" sauce, which is not mentioned on the menu...if it was, we wouldn't have ordered it (my friend has a texture thing with creamy sauces...and I didn't care for the texture.)  The other we sent back, because my friend is pregnant, and the baby said "NOPE!" (Don't worry, her doctor said it was fine as long as the fish is cooked, and we triple checked everything with the servers.)All in all, pretty good experience.  I've had better at Sushi Mon, but I would definitely come back here again.
5	WOW just super incredible!Went late and they were open, not many people in here but then again it was around 9:30pmSeated at the bar because that is the best place after all...Greeted Politely by the chefs Kyle and Kevin, Explained our first time here and then my son and I were asked what we liked and did not like....The chefs went to work and let me tell you every single thing the chefs gave us were just incredible!I found my newest Sushi hangout...You will not be disappointed in Blue Fin Fresh ingredients ... Does NOT smell of Fish...First sign of a good Sushi house.The Salmon Skin Hand Roll was the BOMB...When They say AYCE they mean it!..My son had one of every desert lolThanks again Kevin and Kyle My son and I will be back often
2	To quickly summarize, staff is impatient and mediocre food. I absolutely love naked fish sushi bar but it's on the other side of town so I've been desperately trying to find a place that can come close. I always drive passed this place so I figured I'd give it a shot, definitely regret walking in. A few things:-it was freezing inside-the tap water had a weird taste. Maybe it was the glasses? Stil, yuck.-Service: ok once you ordered but until them they stare at you and constantly come over to see if you're ready. Note, their menu is HUGE. It took me almost 10 mins to look thru the menu. -menu caters to AYCE ($26 dinner) because the prices are so high. All rolls are over $11. You can half certain rolls btw.-rainbow roll: unfortunately I halfed this roll, it was the better of the two rolls I tasted but was nothing special.-happy ending: far from it! Weird flavor combo. A vamped up Philadelphia roll with lemon slices and garlic ponzu sauce. It was mainly a garlic and lemon roll since they over powered the rest of the roll and left a bad taste in the mouth. I was not impressed unfortunately. With all the great reviews, my hopes were high.
5	My husband and I have tried many sushi places here in Vegas and we finally found the one we love!!! Blue fin has been the best sushi place because of their amazing service, we always get our refills quickly without asking, the staff is really nice and helpful as well as welcoming.The nigiri is by far the best we've have ever had, it is so fresh and portioned out great. The many rolls they have are very flavorful and fresh.Each roll has its own unique flavor and it's amazing.The appetizers are so good especially the gyoza, baked mussels and baked scallops.And the desert is to die for, the tempura icecream is the best ever.I strongly recommend this place to anyone, my husband and I love it and are there at least 2-3 times a month and every time had been stunning.
4	My other sushi spot was  crowded and I was hungry so I decided to drive to Blue Fin. Not very crowded on a Friday night so we took a seat at the sushi bar. The staff was on point, we never had to wait when ordering a roll. They even accommodated us to where my wife didn't like some of the items in a roll and they made it how we wanted it. Each roll I had was flavorful and fresh. I tried mochi for the first time, coffee flavored and found it to be an excellent end to the meal.
1	I got sick the same night I ate here.   Threw up two.days, shits the third day.  Was told this was the best place to eat, but my food didnt seemed.fresh when.I got.it, I knew it, got sick.   I am making sure everyone that eats sushi, does not.go here
5	The last few times I've been in Vegas, I time my workouts in the morning so I can have the lunch AYCE at Blue Fin. Unlike Sumo, you can order the sashimi appetizers like the ahi poke salad at lunch. Such a great deal and super tasty. All of the specialty rolls I have tried are packed full of fresh fish and not giant rice balls designed to fill you up. And any nigiri you order seems to come to you immediately.Garlic tuna nigiri is especially tasty, and their spicy hand rolls are fantastic. Can't wait to go back in June!
3	I love sushi!! It was my first time at this Sushi Restaurant. Food was OK. Nothing really stood out but I have to admit their portions for AYCE was pretty generous and the price was decent for the overall experience.
5	Blue Fin was our first time dining. It was ABOLUTELY EXCELLENT!!!!! All you can eat!!!! We arrived and was greeted by everyone when we walked in the door. The service was absolutely excellent! The food was SO GOOD!!!! Such variety and the sushi rolls are so good!!!!!! The service was so fast! And the proportions were large and stacked with all the ingredients! We will Definately be BACK!!!!!!!
2	This was a real suprise negative experience because Yelpers are pretty happy with this place. The sushi was all sauces and toppings masking poor quality fish. The girlfriend didn't finish any of it which is rare. I ordered the katsu curry. Tasteless and bland while overcooked. The service was poor and e everyone was in a bad mood or generally unhappy people. Had to ask for water again and again. Was a bad experience and I won't be back for awhile. Never say never so ill assume they will get better or they won't last.
5	AYCE here is definitely a bang for your buck here! Every time I stop by to eat here, I always get AYCE. Their staff is amazing. They're all so very nice and attentive. A local, small business and gets their fish shipped in daily to ensure you get the freshest of the fresh fish we could get (say that three times).My fave:YELLOWTAIL COLLAR: Super fatty full of flavor, slightly sweet with a smokey taste. All yellow tail and barely any collar bone.SPICY POKE SALAD: sssooo good, refreshing, and light with slight kick to it. If you are looking for a light meal for lunch or dinner to pick at ala carte. This would be a fine choice (that is if you're choosing between the seaweed salad and the poke salad)SUSHI FAVES: Rainbow Roll, Caterpillar, Volcano, Fire Cracker, and Over the Rainbow.Kyle was such an amazing company the first time I came, and our waitresses (both times I came) were marvelous. The first time, Kyle took us to a different sushi journey and whipped up a concoction of his own. I wish I could remember what he named it, but you can request for his signature dish. Kyle also gave us some of his famous "secret lychee ice cream" which unfortunately no longer a secret (sorry Kyle!). I asked for some the second time and it was nice of the waitress to check. Unfortunately, they were out of it (figures...).Always one of my faves.
1	they added a new dining room and now sticking it to you . 5 times i went there last 1 1/2 yrs now the all you can eat 25.00 sucks . small piece of sushi fish , big barrel of rice . they watch you like a hawk too make sure you eat it . appetizers are terrible the mussels are cut in half and put in a snail dish hidden by chess ..tiny eneatable. soft shell crab is embarrassing . calamari tempura is horrible 93.00 for 2 ,ayce three large sapporo and a less than large sake  tiny fish   big rice  the oldest one in the book. was a cool place ,,,now forgettabout it go somewhere else ...if they will do that the fish has  to be old ..tasted like it.....and the rice huge barrels and hard pieces ,,,small fish.......................................................................................................................... and by they way these reviews  5 stars written like a journalism major wrote it ...please i've never see so many obvious reviews that are written by the staff of the owners friends
5	Bar far my favorite sushi spot in Vegas! Love the ambiance and the food is amazing. It's located on Sunset one block maybe two west of Green Valley. We of course had the AYCE and may have overdone it cause it was so delish. We all left with our stomachs hurting cause we ate so much but not a shocker I often get too excited when going out for sushi.The Yum Yum roll was my favorite! The mussels are good but do not come in a shell they are served  on a fancy dish.They recently expanded to double its size so that should tell you something.
3	I've driving been driving by this location about a thousand times debating whether to give it a try. Last week I decided to take the plunge. It's much much smaller inside than it looks from the outside. Don't bring kids!  I tried the AYCE which was $26.95. They wanted to charge me $26.95 for my 2year old which doesn't know how to eat sushi and won't allow outside food. The food was ok,  Nothing special. The rice was dry and the flavor of the rolls were weird. I definitely won't be coming back due to the service and charging full price for kids that can't and won't be eating.
4	We have visited this place five or six times since first review.  We have been almost totally satisfied with the food and service.  Knocked one star off because when you order the soft shell crab, their menu says two pieces, but each time it has been served to us there is only one piece, which is half of a very small soft shell.Went yesterday for the wife's birthday and the food and service was great.We have made this our go to place even though it is out of our neighborhood.
5	This place is the best. For real. Fish is always so fresh, their rolls are inventive and the staff is super warm and friendly. Definitely a go-to for sushi - never disappoints!
2	Came here for the all you can eat sushi and it was pretty good. I didn't enjoy the service at all! The waitress was irritated taking our order and irritated that we sat and talked after we were done with our meal. I would understand if the place was busy but it was completely empty! Service is everything for me and this place clearly misses the mark.
5	Great food, good prices, friendly atmosphere. I come here fairly regularly. The all-you-can-eat is new-ish but amazing. The lunch special is pretty incredible. 2 rolls, miso soup, big salad, edamame, and and orange for dessert. All for under $10!The place is small and quaint. It doesn't take long before they start to recognize you :)
4	$25 all you can eat sushi. Great food and service. But make sure you watch the amount charged on your credit card before you leave.
5	You ever have the feeling where the food is sooo yummy that you keep eating and don't realize you are full? Then next thing you know it is a pain to take another bite? But you are in denial, so you keep ordering because it is all you can eat. After you eat some more and "realize you are tooooo full" but you still order dessert? Next thing you know, you pay, walk out of the restaurant and realize you are wobbling because you ate too much? Then you wish you did not eat so much, and want to take a laxative? Well, that's how good Blue Fin is! So good-- that u want to over eat and it won't be a big deal because the Dulcolax gods invented laxatives. Amen!
5	Good food, good prices, good atmosphere - I usually stop in here for lunch during the week and have been meaning to write a review for a while. Service is fast and I've never had any complaints about the food. My only complaint is my complete inability to do anything other than be in a food coma after doing the all you can eat for lunch!
3	I hate to give this place only 3 stars because the staff was so nice, but the nigiri is average at best. As a hardcore sushi fan, I only order nigiri and sashimi when I eat out so this review is not for their rolls if you're a roll lover. Point to note: this restaurant does not have sashimi on their AYCE menu, but I've never been to such a place that insanely does that.I ordered the following nigiri: salmon, mackerel, red snapper, unagi, albacore, and amebi (sweet shrimp). The unagi was delicious, but the rest were mediocre. The amebi should be called "a-mini" at this place because it was the perfect representation of Japanese related entities as depicted on Family Guy-- indeed it was "tiny everyting." The sushi rice was unseasoned and dry, but was edible because I had waited until 3 p.m. to eat lunch. I also ordered a seaweed salad, which was not bad and tasted like all the seaweed salads I've ever tasted. Like I said, the staff was nice, but even at 3 p.m. when not many customers occupied the restaurant, service was slow. I appreciate the sushi chef though because he kept motioning the 5 or so servers to speed up. Overall, if you live in the Henderson area and are starving, this place is a great alternative to Goyemon, my favorite AYCE sushi place. But as someone who has had the best meal of her life at Shibuya at the MGM, Blue Fin is one step above super market sushi at best!
2	Not bad. Ambience was just too quiet and bright. Night wasn't busy, was seated in back room by sushi bar. 2 servers and a bus boy. No one could refill our waters. I'm a server myself and I just felt our server didn't enjoy her job.  Food was decent, not the best. Rolls were overly sauced up, and rice kept falling apart from nigiri.
2	My experience with most AYCE sushi restaurants is that it's just average sushi, with subpar fish, & this place is no different. Their eel sauce is way too sweet making any roll it's served on taste like a desert roll, & I wasn't impressed by the quality of fish being served. I've definitely had worse, but I've definitely had better.
5	Great service! Food came out super fast! Every roll was consistently delicious The salmon was also really good and the super white tuna a couple of my favorites! Ultimate blue fun roll  wet dream  must try and the Royal shrimp ENJOY GREAT PLACE FOR AYCE!!!
4	Truly excellent sushi! I discovered that they do and all you can eat in the afternoons with a few ground rules. You have to eat everything on the dish did you order before you order another dish (like something your mom would tell you) :), any only get like an hour and a half. But seriously, do you really want to continue to eat any food for longer than an hour and a half?The fish was definitely top shelf. The sauces and glazes where use conservatively and effectively. I've been back twice and have had a consistently great experience. Try their signature rolls or their signature apps, you won't be disappointed.
5	I have tried many different AYCE sushi restaurants in the valley and this place is my new favorite!  I have gone to Goyemon (#2 fave), Sin City (#3), Island, Inaka, Sushi Mon and several others.  Blue Fin wins hands down for me...everything was very fresh and very delicious.  I hardly used any soy at all.  The sushi wasn't drowned in sauce (Island is guilty of that lately) nor was it covered in too much crunchy stuff (most places).  Everything I had was amazing:  nigiri (dont miss the delicious spicy garlic tuna, amazing cajun albacore and the best unagi ever), specialty rolls and hand rolls.  Anything served with eel and/or eel sauce in this place was incredible...perfectly cooked and the sauce was out of this world.  One of the rolls had SPICY EEL SAUCE...I was in heaven!  I can't say enough about this place...its THAT good.  It was puzzling to me why it wasnt busier on a sunday around 12:30.  It was $22 for lunch...about the same as everywhere else. Please people....GO HERE!  Service was very good throughout.  Don't miss the peach or grapefruit sparkling sake.
2	Based on all the good reviews, my best friend and I thought maybe we came on an off night. It was our first experience here and we weren't impressed. The service was outstanding, but the food was not up to par. It was almost as if the fish wasn't fresh. We have been to quite a few different places so we know what to expect in our sushi. Everything we tried was medicore. We probably wont be returning to Blue Fin.
5	Ate here once with the wifey. Typical all you can eat sushi place. You order from a menu and staff brings out your food. They seem to be faster at getting your food out compared to say island sushi. The food taste great and the prices are really reasonable. Can't do much better imho. Will definitely come back.
2	ordered my two standard "check it out" items during this first visit.  The Ahi Poki salad was drowned in "dressing",  jalapenos (!) overwhelmed the fish - couldn't taste it at all.  The baked mussels were tiny, and far too much dressing again.  Service was good, friendly and prompt, but the place was practically empty.  Parking was good.  I should have maybe stuck with the rolls?  Will continue to patronize my usual spot nearby.
1	I finally got a different waiter today. More like waitress & I was extremely disappointed and upset about the customer service today. Firstly, I asked for 2 waters with lemon & was ready to order (bcos I had to be somewhere in a little bit). She brings me the two waters filled up to the brim. It was already spilling as she was putting it on the table. Sushi after sushi, one plate of sushi hit the water cup and had spilled all over me. (I didn't drink any of the water yet, so there was a lot of water). The table was wet. My pants were soaked, my shirt was extremely wet, water had gone down my boot, my phone was wet, their was water inside my case. What upsets me the most is they moved me tables, but there was no sincere apology. No towel or napkins given to me to wipe myself with. Actually, after they moved me tables, they acted like everything was okay and nothing had happen. The waitress was at fault and no fucks were given by her or anyone else working. Thanks a lot for the customer service, Blue Fin!
4	I am not sure why it took me so long to review this place, but here goes. The all you can eat sushi is really a treat, huge variety and everything is fresh and well prepared. Service for lunch or dinner is always prompt, but it can be a bit too much service if that makes any sense. Tonight we came in around 7pm and it was not very busy, just a few other patrons having dinner. We were seated right away, served right away and finished plates were removed from the table within seconds of taking the last piece! Super service to the max. Sushi is always fresh, (although we did have one occasion where we both got a bit of Motezuma's revenge, but we will overlook that somehow). Yeah, I know, but no one is perfect and we won't hold a grudge.There lunch specials are just right in portion and the price is about the 10 dollar mark, which is really good for a decent sushi lunch with soup, salad and 2 rolls that come out on a sushi boat dish.The place used to be tiny with just a few tables, but now they can handle a good size group if they have to and  often there are some large parties being served. Overall, minus a star for the overly eager service and the non traditional music they play gets a little distracting and does not really fit the decore or atmosphere for dinner. The all you can eat is a grear value and I am sure some big eaters can really do some "damage". The place is really popular and for good reason, we like it and have been dining here for a few years now.
5	My favorite place for Sushi. The staff is always wonderful. The food is great. It's hard to pick a favorite roll, they are all tasty. There us something for everyone here! The lunch specials are very reasonable, as is their All-You-Can-Eat specials. Fast and friendly service, great food... it's our family's favorite!
1	I have seen this place many times and I decided to finally visit. After moving here from California I have still yet to find a place as good as some out in cali.I came here for the AYCE, my first impression was the decor is nice and open not cramped and dark. After getting ignored by the host I finally was able to put my name down. When she called our name she went to seat us... at the bar... I don't mind sitting at the bar sometimes but this time I was on a date and wanted a table normally they ask if you want a table or if the bar is ok however she did not ask me just started sitting me at the bar, I politely asked if we could have a table instead I don't mind waiting a little longer to have a table and she obliged and got me a table within minutes. After sitting us down at the table I had no other interaction with anyone after about 15 minutes I asked a bus boy (you could not tell who were the bus boys or the waiters) if we could get some drinks and he said he will get us some he came back promptly with our drinks and took our first order or sushi for us. We received our first 2 rolls fast and they were delicious but this is where it got even worse.After we finished our rolls we picked our next, and waited, waited some more, since we didn't have an actual waiter visit our table I had no idea who was a waiter or a bus boy or who our waiter was or anything. After 30 minutes of people walking by over and over and waved one down and asked if I could order some food he said "of course has no one taken your order?" I said no, everyone just walks by and looks at our empty table. He took our order and the chef then bought us our food, well some of our food we didn't receive everything we ordered. After another 30 minutes I waved down the same person and said can I order some more. He gave me another surprised look that no one had taken our order again. Long story short it took 2 hours from being seated to get just a couple rolls. I gave up in the end, I left hungry I did not want to wait any longer for half of what I ordered. It is the most unorganized place I have ever visited. It seemed like no one knew what they were doing, no one had sections to serve everyone was just all over the place. Would never come back here, would never recommend it to anyone. They need some major leadership skills.
5	We have visited and eaten at this place 13-20 times since earlier this year.  We now go at least once a week.  The nigiri, rolls, and appetizers are all very good. It is the freshest fish combined with very attentive service.  We have never had a bad meal here, not even close.  The owner and staff consistently put out quality product.  We look forward to every visit and have not been disappointed.
4	I used to come here at least once a week with coworkers for lunch.  It was our favorite spot.  They have lunch specials and food comes out fast.  Everything is fresh and tastes great.  Come early or late because it's a small place and they get packed.  Service is always good no matter how busy they get.  I wish I still worked in the area so I could come in more often.
5	Soooooo good. In about 10 visits I haven't found a single thing to complain about. The service is great, chefs friendly, and the food tastes amazing. Highly recommend Blue Fin if you are looking for sushi.
4	This review is for the lunch special only.  Frankly.  I think the lunch specials are a loss leader to tease you to come back for dinner.   It is a fabulous deal!  For $9.95 I had the sashimi lunch special that included the following:  8 pcs of mixed sashimi on a bed of shredded daikon, carrot and beet.  It had tuna,  salmon,  sea bream, shrimp & hamachi.  A bowl of miso soup with seaweed & tofu.  A giant mixed green salad that was lightly dressed and tasty.   Plus they had the obligatory offering of wasabi & ginger and a small bowl of steamed rice.  I had some hot tea which was refilled multiple times.   After tax the bill was $10.56.  What a great lunch deal!   The food was of good quality and service was friendly and efficient.   I wish I had discovered this great lunch deal sooner!
4	Love the sushi here and all you can eat. Different kind of food sushi. Would recommend if your in the area. Sad thing it can become busy and very noisy how small it is. I'm still working on trying them all!!
4	This place was really good! I loved all the food, but the service was a little slow and not too attentive but it was still an overall great experience. I'll definitely be coming back again. My favorite thing eating was the R.M Spicy Roll, yum! And the tempura ice cream wasn't anything too special. I wouldn't recommend the green tea flavor of ice cream. It had a weird florally taste. I'll definitely still be coming back (:
1	I saw all of these amazing reviews for this place so I decided to give it a try. I went on a Friday night at around 8pm. Atmosphere was ok. The servers ignored my table of 4 for a while. We finally ordered 4 rolls and well as a sushi regular, everyone knows it taked a good 10-15 minutes for at least 2  rolls to come out. We received all 4 in 5 minutes! We all looked at each other and thought, "wow, that was fast!". The sushi tasted like refrigerated sushi or the sushi you get from the supet market. We were extremely disappointed. We will never go back.
5	Food and price amazing!!! It was on a whim that we would go have sushi and really, really empresses!! Looking forward to visiting again'n already recommend to all my friends and I'm in the industry so word spreads fast
4	Fair price for all you can eat sushi.  The food was good and the service was attentive.  Their Strawberry Nigori Sake is a MUST HAVE!  I've NEVER had sake so good!
5	We vacation here all the way from idaho a couple of times a year. We stumbled across this place and it was amazing.  We have been alot of places and tried sushi all over. This is the best sushi we've ever had, not to mention the staff was very friendly and helpful by recommending rolls based on our preference. I highly recommend the western special, wet dream, and the blue fin special.  Not one of the rolls that we ordered was bad. This place is a must try!
5	Great sushi. Reasonably priced. I got it delivered. No complaints. I enjoyed it very much.
