3	The 'dise is closest thing Madison has to a punk bar but no worries, this place has just about zero pretension.  Dark and probably dirty (it's really too dark to tell), this bar is known for it's no frills atmosphere and tasty bar food.  Stop in and order some cheap beer and a burger but don't expect to be 'seen'.  The patrons are too busy staring into their drinks.
4	Ever since I started drinking there have been $1.50 rails at the Dise on Tuesday nights.  God bless this place.
4	Get ready for some gool ole' fashioned head banging and dangerously cheap drinks at this rocker bar on the square.  Fun place with a pool table and dart machines (of course).
4	Its the Paradise, okay?  That's all.  Have a drink, bring your friend, yeah, the one you still have.  You'll be fine.My ex-ex bf and I stopped in here once years ago, blitzed from a pitcher at 5 other bars...we kissed sitting at the bar, no one flinched...yes, its that kinda place...you'll laugh, you'll cry...and no one will wonder why...
5	I've never lived in Madison, but as a visitor I've been to this place a half dozen times over the last few years, often when in town solo, and always have ended up having a good time.  5 stars for a bar with a great jukebox and friendly staff where even if you go alone you don't end up drinking alone- no attitude from the friendly, reasonably social fellow drinkers.
4	The drinks are great, the ambiance is great if you like that kind of thing, the jukebox is one of the better ones in town. I only have two complaints - the pool table, pinball, and large seating area are all in the back of the room. That's fine when it's not busy, but if it is, you're better off sneaking in through the back and pretending you just came in from a smoke break. Otherwise, it's hell trying to get through the narrow pathway between the bar and the booths along the wall. My other complaint is that when Stoli came out with their blueberry flavored vocka, one of the bartenders told me it was gross. No way, it's so good, just mix it with cranberry juice and 7 Up!
4	One has to admire an establishment that when you go to the bar and request, "A pitcher of your cheapest beer, please."  You actually have a few choices.  The jukebox is pretty sweet too.
4	I don't think this can be called a dive anymore now that the TVs are flatscreen jobs.  I was told by a friend that this was going to be all punks and bikers but it was just normal folks--not that there's anything wrong with that as I'm too old to hang around with the former types.Being used to Chicago prices, I almost choked when I ordered cheese curds and two beers and got change from my 10.  I finished the night off with a can of Hamm's which I believe cost $1.50  All this within view of the Capitol?  Paradise.
4	Go late for fried cheese curds.Leave early before they turn the lights on.
5	Having moved to Seattle in 2006, I was disappointed on a recent visit home to see a lot of my favorite bars have already changed.  (sofas at the Lava Lounge in place of their pool table!?!  Hungry Kids and family's ruining a good depressing happy hour at Micky's on Willy st?!?)  So it's refreshing to know that you can still go to the Paradise Lounge on a weeknight and get into the same crazy drunken funny situations you come to expect at a place like this. God bless you Paradise. Stay sweet, never change.
4	I take comfort in knowing that no matter whatever is going on in my life, "the Dice" will always be there for me.This is a great, unpretentious dive bar. Bar tenders are cool, and they serve food until late. You can be as casual as you want and just chill.
5	My favorite haunt for most of the 90s. Tuesdays night's half price rail drinks are the way to go.
4	If you can get to the 'Dise before there's nowhere to sit down, it's one of the most fabulous dive bars on the planet.  If you can't find a seat, you might as well leave.  I dare you to try to have a beer while standing there.  It's quite the unpleasant experience.My top 3 reasons for loving the 'Dise:1) Slayer, old school Metallica, and Interpol on the jukebox.2) Incredible fried cheese curds (here, they're called "cheese balls").3) $1.25 longneck PBR's on Wednesdays.
5	5 star for diviness!So you sit with some of the regulars, or stare at their photos above the grill, and you'll realize why people come back. During the afternoon, the tvs are quiet and people whisper during the games, only to pipe up on commercials. Michelle's first day was mine as well. She didn't know the prices but it didn't matter for the 9 patrons there. The regulars gladly accepted her, as did her neighbor from upstairs. Large bar area for the many house flies that were speeding through the air. Nice place to drink, though I'd rather not dine there with the flies about. Sorry.Cheap? Sure. Hospitable? Yep. The heavily tattoo'd chef was very friendly discussing baseball nonsense from me and the others. Hell, he even got in on a friendly conversation I had with some other Chicagoans there. Plus, they serve their drafts in fantastic mason jars with handles. Stools are broken in and are sturdy. The regulars make this bar. Drinking Hamm's on the corner and offering advice to visitors with a smile and no venom? A guy could get used to it.And the ATM forgot to give me a service charge.(oh and flat screen tv's? I saw one, the big on in the center in the back room...the rest were box's.)
4	Ah, let me just say, where else would you get $1.50 rail on Tuesday night? How about a basket of a large fries on top of that?? See, when it comes to the place that really matters, no one comes close to the dise. And, the bartenders are so cool, too ;) If you're a girl, you might get turned off by some gentlemen trying to attract your attention.But if you're the type to come here, I know you can handle it. And the bathroom -  brings back the memories of the days when I passed out on it. Dive.
3	Decent dive bar.  Cheap beer.  Blue collar + hipster.  Lots of fried food options.  Bartenders are friendly.  Foosball and darts.  Yesssss.
5	Dropped back by when I did a quick trip through Wisconsin. Still the same! Some of the same people on the same stools! Cheap, strong drinks, yessir! And yup, some coke residue on toilet paper dispenser in the men's room.This is real bar.
5	I call the Paradise burger the best bar burger in town. The decor is nothing but dive. It smells pretty bad and the bathrooms are super nasty, but I will go there every chance I get. I love that burger. Mmmmmmmmmm Oh and they are cheap, too.
4	i love the 'dise. it's one of very few dive bars near the square. if you get there early enough you can grab a table and play darts with your friends while sipping wonderfully cheap beer and eating some nasty fried food. the jukebox is pretty solid, too. no frills, which is just how a dive should be.
4	If you want to get out of the city and go to a bar from a small town, here it is.  I like it right near the capitol.
5	This is basically the only acceptable bar to go to in Madison, WI if you are not a hippie or college student. It is dingy, it is gross, the bartenders are surly and these is a distinctive 'dise smell that permeates your clothing and your soul. I love it like a second home. The drinks are cheap, the place is LOADED with interesting people, (read possible criminals? senators with their escorts? other assorted ne'er-do-wells? who cares?) the music is loud and Misfit-y. The bartenders aren't THAT surly and some still remember me some 5 years after leaving Madison. They make the drinks strong, and they are FAST!It gets pretty packed after 9 on any given night, so I recommend getting there early. Around noon is acceptable. The food's pretty top notch. It is your typical bar fare, but if I hear another person rave about the 'dise burger, I may have to abandon my vegetarian principals to find out how awesome it is for myself. Luckily, I will always have the the cheese balls, which are vegetarian-ish.Thier greasy, stringy, melty dipped in ranch cheesiness has me missing Wisconsin on a semi-regular basis. For the vegans in your life, there are green olives. Soaked in vodka. Just eat them. 5 years and 3 trips back to Madison, this is the place I have the airport cabbie drop me off first.
4	I've been to the 'dise plenty of times, but since I went twice on Saturday, it seems about time to review it and all its divey glory.Everything is crazy cheap, they've got a varied juke box, cute two-person booths, and a fairly open space in the back of the room. Also: mason jars.Saturday was my first time eating at the Paradise, despite hearing raves about their burgers for years. On trip number one, we stopped by because a friend in our group had met up with us late and hadn't gotten lunch with us. He ordered and a grilled cheese, cheese curds (or, as the 'dise calls them, cheese balls), and fries. Too much for one man, he shared the curds & fries with us. The cheese curds were breaded and cheddar, and delicious albeit nothing special. The fries were crinkle-cut, crispy, and so, so good. I could have eaten the entire basket myself. Nom nom nom.My second trip of the day came with wanting to grab a late dinner between a movie and a concert next door at the Frequency. I ordered a cheeseburger, and my friend ordered a Paradise Burger and a diet Coke. Mine was $5, hers was $5.25. I have no idea how that worked out, but she totally won. Though very, very tasty, my $5 got me a bun, a slice of cheese, pickles, and a patty. Her $5.25 got her a drink, and my basic burger plus carmelized onions, tomato, and lettuce, plus, I believe, bacon. Again - no idea how her burger cost less than mine with so much more (especially because it was 9:30 on a Saturday - not a happy hour special), but next time I will definitely be ordering that instead.
4	We were looking for a place to grab a beer and a guy smoking a cigarette on the sidewalk said "Go in here! It has wonderful people, and good times" so we figured, why not? Good choice. This is a classic dive bar run by cool people. I stumbled in here with a friend of mine after a few laps around the capitol building protesting. We walked in about 4 on a Saturday and the place was jumping thanks to all the folks protesting up the street. We sat at the end of the bar and started drinking. Actually we got to meet and goof around with some of the workers and they were an amazing bunch of super cool ladies. I was feeling a bit wacky so I started buying shots and drinks and I think I walked in here with $100 and left with probably only $20. Not bad for an evening before 6 in a bar with cheap drinks. The female bartenders are smart, attractive, and witty and really made our brief drunken visit worthwhile. I am so glad we were on foot for the day and could just let it rip listening to some amazing tunes (Black Sabbath) on the juke box and talking to some down to earth people. We struck up random conversations with random people. It was very cool to be in a bar that was welcoming and not full of people sharing space but traveling in antisocial packs. A guy was actually $1 short for his pitcher, and I gave him the buck. Why not? The vibe was awesome here. This super nice tall bartender April was just a joy to chat with. I have a huge crush on her I think. :) If I had been less drunk, I would have had a burger. Heck, if I had one of those amazing looking burgers I might not have such a hangover the next morning. Cool staff? Check. Cheap drinks? Check Cheap food? Check. .
3	I have no clue why this place is so overrated..#4 in reviews? Really? I mean -- its OK but it's not like I think to myself I'm setting out to go here. That said, I do like the drinks, food and atmosphere better than some of the dives around town. I think its a good mix of a dive bar yet sociable.
4	Back in the day when I lived in Madison, I just about lived in the 'Dise, which was where everyone I knew and their brothers used to hang out. I had to go back and show my husband my old stomping ground, for old time's sake. Yep, it's the same. Thanks for not changing, Paradise. And thank you even more to the patrons who didn't steal my wallet after I accidentally left it there (whoops!)
3	REALLY REALLY dive-y which is not necessarily a bad thing but it could be better. I went here with my buddy a couple of times and I enjoy the norwegian log cabin type atmosphere. The thing I don't like about this place is that the staff does not know when to kick people out... Shouting? Sure... little rough housing? No problem... A homeless guy passed out at the bar with a full beer in front of him? WOW its time to go... I may return to this place but like some of the other reviews said I am definitely not going out of my way to go here.
3	Good for what it is.  A neighborhood bar with reasonably priced drinks and salty, fatty food.  Pluses include old school crinkle fries, artery clogging burgers, cheap drinks and Foosball.  Drawbacks include occasional long wait to order --- but with the low prices it is understandable. If you smoke, they sell a decent variety of packs in house (to be smoked outside of course).
5	I went to this bar based on yelp reviews, and everything said was absolutely true.  Yes, there was crazy headbanger music, but it was played at the perfect volume, so you could rock out to it but still talk to your friends.  Yes, the bartender and patrons were super friendly.  I felt like we were family by the time I left.  Yes, the cheese curds and burgers were delicious.  It was my first time eating cheese curds and I was impressed.  I also think its the only reason I don't have a hangover right now.  And yes, it's a dive bar.  But a really friendly dive bar with an interesting mix of people and the best bartenders ever!  Oh, and if you are staying at the best western, you can crawl back to your hotel room.  Like I did.
4	Just about every other bar in Madison is where the college kids go to learn to drink; Paradise is where the professionals ply their trade. The staff is friendly and entertaining, especially if a geezer gets way too specific about his Diet Pepsi order. In the short time I was there on a Sunday afternoon, I saw another old-timer nearly fall asleep over his Budweiser and had a middle-aged guy tell me his own "big city" story, which amounted to "the one time Kanye West was on my flight." The juke provided a welcomed relief from 'Now That's What I Call Music 49'. I didn't have time to eat but the food that came past my post at the end of the bar smelled delicious. I can't think of a reason not to return.
5	Favorite dive bar. Get the dise burger - awesome! Cheap beer and drinks, very divy, so not for the faint of heart.
5	Divey. Diverse (and I mean diverse) group of people. From the first time I was in this place and someone was carrying a skillet on a backpack to this most recent time when I am pretty sure a meth head stole the glass from my table, you never know what you will find at the Paradise.I would have it no other way.
4	Looking for craft cocktails?  Homemade tinctures and bitters?  Mixologists wearing vests and ironic mustaches?  Well, keep moving because the 'dise has none of these!  What is does have is pure divey goodness.  Cheap beer.  Cheap (and strong) drinks.  An interior that hasn't changed in at least 20 years.  They also have a grill/fryer that serves up not a bad cheeseburger.  The clientele can be pretty varied which only adds to the charm. What I like most about this place is that it leaves all pretense at the door.  It is a bar and grill.  No slick marketing.  No "themes".  Just booze and food.  And who can argue with that combo?
4	Oh the Dice, what can you not say about this place. Has this bar changed ever? I think not. The staff, on the most part, make this place. They can dish it back to all kinds of dynamic groups of people. Street people to politicians. You see them all in this place. Some of the best bar food around. Curds and their freshly grilled burgers are some of the best around the square.
5	If you want to go to a dive in downtown Madison, then you definitely should check out Paradise.  There's 2 reasons why Paradise gets a 5 in my book:1)  They have cheap beer.  Speciifically, the $5.50 PBR/Leinenkugel pitchers are a steal.2)  The "ambience" is top notch.  It attracts a great and varied crowd, with people of all ages and income.  Also, they play metal music really loudly all of the time.  So, if 80's thrash is your thing, then you'll feel welcome at Paradise.These 2 points alone very easily help me ignore all of the shortcomings of paradise:  The lack of decor, the food not being very good, the sort of weird layout, etc. etc.  But they don't matter to me, because that isn't what I come to Paradise for.  I go to Paradise to get away from the fancy drinks and yuppies that inhabit most other bars in the area, and to welcome the simple pleasure of drinking domestics to hard rock music.
4	This bar is probably the best dive bar in the entire capitol area. They don't have a great beer/drink selection, but is this really where you'd go to take advantage of such a thing? What they offer instead is an interesting atmosphere, diverse crowd, weird layout, constant soundtrack of classic/ hard rock and thrash metal being played from the jukebox, and pitchers of PBR that cost $5.50 (a great deal considering that tall boys can run as high as $6 in some of the more outrageous nearby establishments). All in all, it's a reliably enjoyable place to visit.As a side note, my personal opinion of this place was marred last year when this guy sitting near my party produced easily the worst-smelling fart any of us have ever experienced. It was so terrible that it caused an immediate spell of silence upon our table, as we could taste it in our mouths and it made our eyes water. I will never again be able to think of the paradise without thinking of this incident, but I did not consider this in my review.
5	Giving it a 5, if you're a hipster or frat kid this isn't the bar for you (thank goodness) beer is cheap service fast
3	It is properly categorized as "Dive Bar" because Yelp doesn't have a "Dump" category. However, it seems to an outsider a safe dive (dump) given the size of some of the dudes tending bar and grilling. I had the impression that they were capable of ripping the arms off any troublemakers and beating them to within an inch of their life with their own newly-useless limb.Three stars for an unapologetic dump even though it smells pretty strongly of pee.
4	The beer was cold and really good (Spotted Cow...must try it if you haven't), the food was great (and cheap) and it's just a great bar to hang out in.
4	The 'dise!I've heard so much about you, but we've never officially met! I'm glad that fate and circumstance have brought us together today!+ Basic bar, all the way around+ Typical bar fare food+ Awesome happy hour deals+ Great bartenders and staff** A few of the "locals" are a little dicey; definitely an interesting crowd, but all is well.+ Arrived at around 6:30pm on a Friday night, hoping to score a bar seat and some grub. Mission accomplished. Food came out quickly, it was tasty, and service was spot on. With two meals and two rounds of beverages (including some mixed drinks), out tab came to just around $30. More than fair.Take note: the infamous Paradise Burger is actually quite good. It's a 1/3-lb cheeseburger with bacon, lettuce, and tomato. All burgers appear to be pre-formed and cooked to medium well, but they're still quite tasty.I'd definitely swing through here for a drink and some food in the future. I'm guessing it gets pretty busy as the night wears on.
3	Dive bar pretty much sums it up. You're looking for a cheap beer and interesting company this is your place. Didn't try any of their food but the menu looked decent enough. Our afternoon visit to the Paradise lounge was possibly our last. Return trips to Madison will probably not include this local yokel hang out. Unless of course we're down on our luck and the horses just aren't paying off.
