4	Takes airport bars to new heights with decent beer list and menu
4	Barfly finally changes the rules of eating at the Airport. They have a solid (but simple) menu and the food is cooked fresh. For those of you who have the displeasure of eating at the Airport regularly you know that most of the food was made yesterday or just popped in the microwave. Barfly provides a decent menu and the food is cooked fresh. They introduce fresh vegetables and ingredients in their menu that is a welcome change. If you are in the A terminal at Phoenix Airport and have time this is where you want to stop and eat and maybe grab a drink. I will be back.
3	Pretty tasty breakfast for an airport bar. I give the food a 4 star, I had the egg white scramble that came with potato's, I had to order a side of toast. It was very good and very filling. The server was very nice. The hostess on the other hand was completely rude. The tables are on top of each other,I was in between two other 2 tops which were about 2 inches from the table I was sitting at. So I guess since I was dining by myself it was great to listen to everything the couple next to me was saying. They have a nice booth side of the table and then these huge comfy purple chairs for the other side of the table which leaves you NO WHERE to put your luggage. (Hello Barfly designer - we're in an airport and you're a new place, you would think this concept would have crossed your mind) Anyway back to the rude hostess she tried to seat a guy at the other 2 top next to me and asked me if I could put my luggage somewhere else, I had it shoved under the table as far as it could go. I just looked at her like what do you want me to do with it and the guy took a look at the crammed area and asked if he could sit at the bar. Then I saw this same rude hostess seat a lone person at a 4 top and then a few minutes later came over with 4 people following her and asked him if he could move to a smaller table or to the bar. Who does that?! Don't bring new guests with you when you're trying to seat them at an occupied table. If I were that guy I would have said no to the hostess. I'll probably go back because the food was good but I'll probably just sit at the bar so I don't have to deal with the rude hostess.
5	This place is WONDERFUL! It makes you forget you are in an airport. I know it is modeled after to a local Scottsdale restaurant, Culinary Dropout. Barfly blows Culinary Dropout out of the water! The service is a hundred times better and the management was so friendly and inviting. I could not believe how fresh the food tasted! HMS Host I believe is the owner and they got a home run with this one. I will be there every time I fly.
5	This is the type of place that every airport needs. It has comfy seating. It has slamming tunes. And the food and drink are few notches above what is expected at an airport. Keep on, keeping on...
5	Great service, drinks were top notch! Space can be a little tight at times but a little bumping elbows never hurt anyone in a bar.Music selection is spot on and the food rocks. Had myself some grilled cheese sliders w/ bacon and tomato. Great place to spend your layover.right next to A5.
5	This place is even worthy of 4.5 stars in the 'real world' - beats the pants off any other airport eatery I've been to (and I've been to a lot!).Thanks to the Yelp reviews, I huffed it all the way over to the A terminal from my gate in the D terminal (about 10 minutes thanks to nice, long moving walkways - and no, you don't have to go back out thru security).I was promptly seated and my very pleasant waitress, Kylie, came right over and took my order. About 5 minutes later it was on my table, along with some excellent fresh-brewed iced tea. I got the grilled chicken flatbread sandwich. This was a high quality entree, and I was doubly impressed considering that I was getting this in an airport. The chicken was fresh, juicy and tender and the sandwich was very filling. The only little hiccup was that the sandwich came with fries (not mentioned on the menu), and I definitely don't eat fried stuff when traveling. Not fun times. Anyway, my awesome server, Kylie, swiftly got a great little salad out to me as a substitute. Overall, it was a little pricey ($20 after tax & tip), but for those of you accustomed to standard airport fare, believe me, this little gem is well worth it. Oh, and my total time in the restaurant was around 25 minutes, and I was in absolutely no hurry. They had plenty of staff on to handle the moderate business at the time. Keep up the good work, guys!
2	Breakfast burrito is was of my indulgences of life.. And it is hard to mess up, but this place did.   Couldn't say if it was the overdone egg, bacon or glob of cheese that did it in...  But it had nice decor, service ok.  I was mixed on the uniforms as it looked like they were service mechanics.   I have come to expect low quality, high prices at any airport restaurant in the world and this met expectations.
4	If you find yourself stranded in PHX and are looking for something more significant than the pre-packaged, bland tasting food served everywhere else, go to Barfly. With a trendy rock interior (and the indie rock music to match) Barfly makes the best of a typically dull situation. The food was definitely quite a few clicks higher than I've come to expect from airport joints. Dare I say that I quite enjoyed my meal. (I had the chicken pita with hummus and fries) Top-notch all around.
5	Wow!  What a gem!  Who would have thought you could get such great food at a restaurant in an airport.  I had to convince my family to come here since they didn't really want to eat at a sit-down place, but after realizing that the other places were only a buck or two cheaper, I won.  They definitely didn't regret it, and we were all wishing we could take this restaurant back to San Diego with us!I got a GREAT martini (a little pricey, but it was worth it), and the pulled pork sliders with fries.  BEST fries I've had, maybe ever, and the sliders were delish!  My mom and sister got the chicken/hummus pita sandwiches and loved them, and my mom couldn't stop raving about her side of ceasar salad.  Step-dad got the burger and was also pleased.  Food was very reasonably priced and the service was pretty quick.  Great retro/rock/glam atmosphere, excellent music, and if you're facing inside the restaurant, you can easily forget your 4 hour layover!  Only downside: you have to have a plane ticket sending you through the Phoenix airport to eat here!
2	Price is high like every airport.
4	A trendy looking bar...in the airport, hmmm. Wait, in the Phoenix airport?!? No way, impossible, not a chance. These were all the things I assumed before I actually arrived at Barfly before my flight to Mexico a few weeks ago, and I could not have been more wrong.I wish I was there longer and actually had a chance to sample some of their offered dishes, which honest to god sounded pretty decent. It's still the airport so plan on paying the awesome prices of $10 a beer etc but at least you can spend your pre-flight time drinking on a cozy leather couch watching tube rather than the alternative Fox Sports bar in every other terminal.
4	Wow. This is the first airport restaurant that has blown me away. Fun, trendy interior with great service. I stopped by for breakfast and really enjoyed the atmosphere, the music, and the food. Great start to a long day of traveling.
4	Way better than your typical airport bar!Cool couches. Cool tunes.Extra cool prices for beer and wine.Nice, spicy bloody mary, even with the $12 price tag.Good service.Would have tried the food, but had to catch a plane to Vegas!I would go back!  You should give it a try!
3	Just had a few drinks waiting for a flight, but it had a great atmosphere.
3	As others have said, this is not the typical airport bar.  Pros - Cool House-of-Blues-like vibe (includes music-related decor, lounge chairs/sofas & dimmer lighting)Excellent musicGood service (wait staff write their name on your cocktail napkin - nice touch)Cons -Barstools at main bar are waaaaay too short (makes drinking out of straws or from taller glasses difficult)Space for luggage - fail!  This goes for the bar areas as well as near the tables.  Hummus was gross (a giant solid mass of strange-tasting dip in the size of a large softball sprinkled with feta, cucumbers and covered with salty Italian dressing - guess they were out of olive oil - yuck!)If I'm at PHX again, I will stop in, but order something else.
3	First experience at an airport bar.  Not as horribly overpriced as I expected ($6 for a 16 oz local brew on tap).  Otherwise...it's a bar.
2	Started with the hummus, looked like it was scooped out of a big tub.  Consistency off and not very good.  Big serving.I had the burger, which was good but nothing amazing.Husband had the Mac and cheese.  Came with bits of chopped deli ham on it and tasted like kraft.  So a $12 dish made with a .79 cent box of mac and cheese.Service was good at the beginning but waitress disappeared when we wanted the check.  Didn't show up for 15 minutes.
4	Took the place of the mediocore Fox Sports Grill.I had a water and a Barfly burger. The burger had cheese, lettuce, tomato and 1000 island dressing on a decent bun. Came with fries and a little thing of ketchup.Burger was good, well cooked but the patty didn't have any flavor. The 1000 island dressing gave it a good tang.Fries were blah.Water was good :)I'd go back, it was a nice place. Anything is better than the Fox place or the sausage place down by A13.
4	Nice local beers on tap, good wine and great mac and cheese.  My burger was well above average.  If you're in the airport and looking for an adult beverage and some bar food, this is a great option.
4	This place seriously suprised me.  It has a cool rock and roll vibe, down to the saucy rockabilly bartendress that served me.  I asked for sweet tea vodka but they didn't have it so she improvised one of the best cocktails I've had in a while. $12 bucks or not.  I like a 'tender that can think on their feet and crack a joke while they're doing it!!
4	Nice decor...really upscale for an airport lounge...loved the chandeliers...music is rocking out...lots of people...tvs everywhere with basketball and golf on...nice spot to pass the time while you're waiting for ur flight...apparently they have 31 restaurants in the phoenix/tucson area and each one has a different theme... Do I hear a challenge?
5	Best joint in the terminal.ATMOSPHERE: The ambience of a high end downtown bar with very comfortable lounge style seating.SERVICE: Friendly, attentative and goes over ingredients to verify we're okay.FOOD: Top notch for an airport restaurant, could do very well as a stand alone  in the city. The Barfly Burger tastes very similar to an In-n-out burger. Fries are crispy and just as tasty.MENU & PRICING : Limited to sliders, salads and burgers ranging from $9 - $13. Very few cocktails and beer as well.
4	Short version: Legit airport dining option for a good meal, and for forgetting you're in the airport.Longer version: There are two types of airport eating: 1) Looking for something that's a good value and quickly; and 2) Looking for a good meal, and not caring if you have to pay $20 to get it. This place is only for those in the #2 camp. We had a 3 hour layover in Phoenix getting home from vacation. We just wanted good food and beers, and did not care about airport mark up, as long as we could get something good. $10 burger, $12 pork sliders, and a couple of 20 oz draft beers for $7 each. It's the airport - what are you gonna do? You can eat at the fast food steak sandwich place with screaming kids and crappy service up the way for a few bucks less... by why bother?Food was really good. Exceptional for the airport. The fries were very hot, fresh, and plentiful. The burger was very good. The pork sliders were excellent. The beers weren't amazing, but were solidly good and very cold. Service was prompt and friendly. Leather chair and lounge seating is surprisingly comfortable, and if you sit facing the bar, you can forget all about being in the airport. Highly recommended for layover dining.
5	Hands down the best food you could get from PHX and from airports in general. It's not cheap ($50 for dinner for my boyfriend & I) but airport food never is. The place is nicer than other airport eatery sitting areas but the tables are uncomfortable close to the next person's so that's a little weird (and my only 'complaint' about the place). The food is yummy & fresh. We had: - Pretzels with Cheese Fondue: Whatever you do, get this dish! The pretzels are wonderfully soft, thick, have a great flour yeast flavor, perfect amount of salt, and are damn good pretzels. The cheese fondue really puts this dish over the top, it's perfect and warm and comforting and have a great real cheese (not nacho cheese grossness) flavor. Oh my gosh this really has to be the single best thing at PHX. - Mediterranean Salad: So fresh & with the pretzels as an appetizer it was a very satisfying meal. The salad is decently sized & the feta cheese was very yummy. - Chicken Pita Sandwich: My boyfriend ordered this and had no complaints. - French fries: Great french fries. I like these ones because they're thicker than McDonalds size but smaller than a steak fry, and are thick on the outside like they've been double fried and nice and soft on the inside. If you have the time, definitely get a meal here and make sure you get the pretzel fondue appetizer!
3	This was a notch better than most airport food...the burger was good, but not the coleslaw. The wait staff was very friendly for an airport, but then Phoenix is one of the friendliest airports I've been in. The menu was very short on options, and the prices were what you'd expect -- fairly steep!  A couple TVs...could use a few more. And more options on the menu.  Good ambience...
5	Wowie - never have I been so impressed with an airport restaurant!  And this comes from a gal who's been to a WHOLE lotta airports 'round the world over the years.  Five of us had a nice, filling meal before our flights.  No alcohol, so the bill came to less than $50 bucks for the lot of us.  We shared hummus, fondue pretzels (omg yummmmm!!), and a tasty burger.  So good.  If you're in the terminal A area, hit this place up.  The pretzels alone are worth it.
4	Best option in PHX; that they offer decent and tasty salads makes them worthy.  But there is also pub fare made with above-average ingredients, as well as some *real* beers on tap.Atmosphere can get a little loud, but otherwise service is average (better than avg. compared to other in-terminal offerings).  Recommended.
4	Hot pretzels and melted cheese dip. I'm sure they have other food as well, but who cares?  Service is much better than most airport restaurants.
3	Good place to dine while in the Phoenix airport. The service is friendly, the atmosphere is nice, and the food is good. I ordered the grilled chicken stuffed pita with lettuce, tomato, hummus, and a vinaigrette. There are plugins too. Can't beat that.
2	20 oz beers OK, but  $8 for that beer, hrm. Loud thumping music makes it difficult to have a conversation - on the phone or otherwise. If you've got to wait for a plane, meh, it's alright, but wouldn't be my first choice in the future.
5	For airport food, this is pretty good. This was super convenient for me too because it was literally right next to my next gate and my layover time was about an hour and a half. Perfect time for some well needed food and a few drinks.Drinks where great. I just got a simple Captain Morgan & Diet coke, double, and it was great.  Drink came out very quickly.Food was also amazing for airport food. I had the mac & cheese with ham, and it was really good. Not super gourmet and definitely not the best, but I was craving something along those lines so it hit the spot. It also came out really fast, so bonus for that.Service was really friendly and very fast.Only downside is that the tables are really close, so I was sitting really close to someone I didn't even know (might as well of been at the same table). Kinda weird, but both of us seemed to have other business to attend to (I was focused on my laptop most of the time.)Overall, this was great. It was really close to my gate, good food, good drinks. $22 for a meal at the airport where I can sit down and have a drink is usual, so I am not going to complain about the price at all.If I am ever in PHX again and in the area of this place, I will stop by here again.
3	This airport doesn't have a lot of good food options, but would consider this place one of the better options if you have some time to kill.  Typical airport prices and okay bar food, but good service.
3	For an airport bar this spot is above average. Great food and atmosphere that almost makes you forget your are in Phoenix.
4	Yummy rolls. Good drinks. Nice comfy couches for seating. I had a skinny Margarita and made to order guacamole: yummy.
3	This place was better than most airport establishments, but I've been to better (Esquire Grill in the Sacramento airport for starters). The beer selection left a lot to be desired, but the Stella I ordered was cold and $7 for a 20 oz beer isn't bad. I ordered the Pub Burger medium with fries. The burger came out medium well/well done, but it was tasty nonetheless and the fries were fresh. The ranch dressing (a must for my fries) was awful! The atmosphere was really nice. Comfy chairs, chandeliers, and flat screen tvs! I was there to watch the Saints stomp the Falcons while I waited for my delayed flight so I was excited to be able to relax and watch in comfort. My only complaint in this respect was that there were lights everywhere that hung right in front of the tvs making it hard to watch if you weren't sitting at the actual bar. Next time I will probably just grab a Nathan's Hotdog and watch the game at my gate which will save me at least $15.
4	I read about Barfly on Yelp so when I got to Sky Harbor  I thought that it was some secret place that managed to evade my scenesta radar. In fact since I hardly go out of any Terminal but Four, I assumed it may have been in Terminal Three or Two (talk about a Terminal that DESPERATELY needs a bar!!!) One review here said Terminal A, so I figured they probably meant The A Concourse at Terminal Four. Low and behold, after clearing security and doing my usual striptease for TSA,  there it was at The A Concourse near Gate A7.There was actually a wait (albeit a short one) to be seated. The low-lighting scheme works well. Faux crystal chandeliers hang about the bar. There is also a communal table and tables and chairs. The tables that flank the entrance and are open to the concourse have cool leather sofas. AND they play really good music. The menu is limited:burgers, sandwiches and salads pretty much. They have some good appetizers though and some good beers on tap (I like the 20 ounce option they offer)This is probably the best time I've had in a long time waiting for a flight (except at London Heathrow at the Virgin Atlantic Clubhouse......that flight could have been delayed seven hours and I would have been a happy camper) I never thought Sky Harbor could be cool....this is changed my mind a little.....I'll have to start getting to the airport earlier.Remember, Terminal Four-Concourse A (Gates A1-A15)
3	It's OK. The staff were pleasant and accommodating, allowing us to sit while they were clearing up for the night. Good selection of beer, expensive appetizers of the usual kind. Pleasant ambiance for an airport bar with comfortable seating allowing us to people watch while we drank $7 20oz beers. It's an airport bar - so it's better than most. I'd go back.
5	Three words -- turkey pastrami sandwiches. Seriously one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. And Jo the server is awesome. Try to fly through Phoenix so you can have this sandwich.
1	CLOSED AS OF 9 APRIL 2012
5	Closed! A real tragedy since we would fly us airways just so we eat at Barfly. Will go back to flying different airlines now.  It was the smartest thing Phoenix airport ever did to put such a classy restaurant in, and the dumbest thing to take it out again after 6 months.
5	I can't believe there is a cool place to hangout in the airport that has great food!!
4	Do not bother eating anywhere else at PHX. Good food, drinks, & ambiance. Try the locally brewed draft beer & BBQ Pork sliders. Prices are what you would expect for an airport. Edit: Well darn, guess I waited too long to post my review. Seems they might be closed.
