1	Worst service in the area, by far.   Once we were seated, it took the waitress 25 minutes to make her way to our table to take our drink order.  We finally decided to settle up 45 minutes after placing our order.   The food never made it to our table.   I have eaten at this restaurant before and  the service wasn't so bad.   The food is generally pretty good.  If you want to order Chicken, definitely get it shredded.
4	For tasty, quick ,and cheap Mexican food this is the place. There aren't many restaurants in this area, so if we're looking for something close to home that won't take all night or break the bank  El Valle fits the bill. The servers have always been polite, efficient and accommodating. It surprised me that someone else said that they received terrible service here (FWIW I have never seen any female servers - maybe it was a different restaurant?). I love their pico that comes with the salsa and chips you get as soon as you're seated, and their pitchers of margaritas are tasty and fairly cheap.
5	Great food! awesome Margaritas!
4	This place looks like a whole in the wall but Very good food, very good atmosphere, very good service. Waiters were very attentive and funny. So far my favorite mexican restaurant in charlotte. My family is from the west coast and this is the closest taste to it. The one thing I can't get use to is all mexican restaurants in charlotte use ground beef instead of shredded beef. Because of that I gave them 4 stars. Please make it an option even if its at a higher cost.. It really makes a difference. Overall great place.
5	Now I'm not saying this is a five star restaurant, but you do get what you pay for. The food is inexpensive for such big portions, especially if you order any of the nacho plates. I've never had any problems with the service at this place.
3	Got carnitas.. good food, large portions.. service was o.k.  I wish it was more authentic.. I'm use to L.A. authentic mexican food..  looking for homemade salsa, mexican cheese and handmade tortillas!!
5	Great Mexican at a great price. Margaritas are awesome too. Servers are polite and service is quick. This is our go-to place for Mexican around the gaston county area.
