5	Simplicity is the bestEveryone knows the story, you get a traffic citation you have to pay it and in some instances you get points against your drivers license. (You have to miss work sometimes)Well I paid this company $75.00 to avoid all the trouble. I received a speeding ticked and no proof of insurance. I never even went into their office, everything was done over the phone. They are very efficient, polite, and on point with what they are doing. Once all was said and done. I received an email letting me know that everything was taken care of.Way to save time, money, and gasoline!
5	Thank you Ticket Busters! Fast..efficient..saved me money and points on my record! A very simple process! I would highly recommend!
5	My overall experience dealing with Ticket Busters was great, Everything was handled and taken care in a timely matter with great customer service. I would definitely  recommend these guys to any one who has a traffic citation and wants help to get it resolved.
5	If you have a traffic ticket and want it wiped clean, this is the place! I got a speeding ticket driving from Cali to Vegas and right when I passed stateline I get pulled over. The next day I go to ticket buster and they completely took care of me!!! I paid a small fee and 2 months later my speeding ticket is dropped to a parking ticket! No hit on my license and no traffic school. Definitely recommend this service!!
5	Great communication and fantastic results for a low price. Gently walked me through the process and got great results. I highly recommend this for anyone with a ticket issue. Thanks you guy are worth your weight in 24K Gold.
1	Very bad comunication...after a year of nothing from them i called to find out my ticket was never filed and was dissmised.....at that point i wasnt refunded any mony...thanks for taking my money and not doing a thing
5	This is a great service!  Ticket Busters solved my ticket problem with no hassles.  They are easy to communicate with.  I will always recommend them to family and friends.
1	I called to get more information regarding my husbands traffic ticket. I spoke with a nice guy who explained the process. He asked me his name and what it was for. I explained it was a traffic ticket on the freeway in a construction zone. He told me he couldn't find the ticket in the system and to call back with a citation number. He also explained to me their cost is between 75-120.00 for them to take care of it and they can also do everything over the phone.I later called back and spoked with a very rude employee and I told her I had the citation number so they can quote me approximately how much the ticket would be. She asked me what it was for etc. and I explained the situation to her just like I did with the person I spoke with not even 5 minutes before her. She informed me the ticket would NOT be 75.00-120.00 but it would be between 300-400 dollars! She also said that we would have to EMAIL our ticket over and they would e-mail us a contract back. This is a classic example of two employees not knowing what the hell they're doing. I don't care who was right and who was wrong someone should not call into a business to get TWO completely different stories within 5 minutes of each other. The amount she quoted me wouldn't even save me any money it would actually be about the same in court if we did it on our own! I'm highly disappointed and I will NEVER be using ticket busters because it seems like they have incompetent staff.
