4	Pretty good boutique.  Back in the day, the used to carry guys' clothing - basically the local stuff like Spraygraphic.  They had an epic sale when they decided to get rid of all of their men's clothing and I was able to get some good shirts for cheap.I like the way it's laid out inside and everyone was nice.
5	Great Customer Service - Nice Collection Bringing California to ASUThey help me purchase presents for my daughter
4	Oh how I miss browsing the racks at Here on the Corner before my evening classes at ASU. Really great selection of jewelery and funky sunglasses. Bags and purses - awesome - and really good gift items. Clothing is a bit pricier and tinier than thou - but what a great idea to open a store in the basement of the MU as well! Your "Here" sweats were a hit as well - great way to give us students a little local flair!
5	Cute little shop near ASU campus. They have fashions from local designers and products for a cause like Tom's that gives a pair of shoes to a child in need. Just walking around I found items for myself and gifts for my friends. Everything is reasonable priced also.
3	Very cute store that I discovered while on the Yelp / Local First Arizona Mill Ave. treasure hunt.  I was super excited to see that they had the new Tom's ballet flats so I just had to take a break from the treasure hunt and buy a pair.
5	Simply put, this store is lovely!  It's one of my favorite stores in the east valley.  It's definitely worth the time to go & check it out!-S.
5	Charming little boutique. First discovered running late for class on campus and was forced to park at a meter. Love the accessories and cheap prices.
1	What a terrible experience, extremely rude owner with no respect for students or customers.
2	Okay, this place has really adorable trendy clothes most of which is local. I really appreciate that part. It is pretty pricey though but usually I ride by it on my way home from work most days and I can see if they have deals. The reason I gave it three stars rather than five is because of the woman who works there. She wears a scarf around her head and she hovers like nobody's business!I understand as a business you want to keep an eye on customers because there are dishonest people in this world but I went in there twice and both times I felt so uncomfortable and pestered. I had made a lot of money in tips that day and I wanted to check out the twenty percent deal they had going on. The woman with the scarf around her head asked me if I was looking for anything in particular and I said no just looking, that's when she became my shadow. It's a small store and you can usually see what's happening. So why does she feel the need to stand two feet away from me everywhere and stare me down?? I found an adorable little purse and decided I wanted to look at some sandals. My shadow was right behind me and asked me if I was looking at shoes....Duh, I was standing right in front of the shoes shelf holding a shoe box. Then after an awkward exchange I started to try them on she stood right in front of the mirror, again two feet away from me, staring. I got so irritated and uncomfortable I dipped quickly and did not buy a thing.I've been in there before and probably will come back as long as she is not there.
1	Today I went into Here On the Corner. My friend had worked there previously and I thought its always better to support locally. So I went into the store excited to commit to the local community. As I walked in there were quite a few people inside I walked around saw a few dresses I was going to buy. But as I turned around one of the workers came up to me and said "today is a little bit of a busy day and I know you are not going to buy anything. So if you could just leave." So I kindly left because I definitely did not want my money going to a rude and inconsiderate prejudice place. They claim to be helping the community and great causes but that doesn't sound very compassionate. I dont suggest this is the place to put your hard earned money into. Over priced, rude, and prejudice.
