5	NEW DISCOVERY! As I travel up and down Hwy 51 in Pineville every day, I have been watching a little coffee house come into existence. Mama's Coffee House is finally open and I stopped by today to check it out. What I found was a friendly owner, Ellie and a comfortable, nicely decorated cafe. Ellie offers very nice coffee drinks (using fresh roasted beans delivered weekly) and pastries. In addition, the menu includes sandwiches, soup, beer and wine.  Mama's is a great location for meetings - being close to the Arrowood commercial district, it would make a pleasant spot for a morning meeting or lunch meeting.Mama's has hereby been put on my "regular" list. Come join me sometime!
5	Love this spot. Best coffee (hands down) in charlotte You would never imagine such a cool & funky coffee shop located right there in Pineville.  A place you would typically find in Noda or Dilworth. They offer panini's & other gourmet coffee drinks.  I orderd a latte with soy & it was amazing.  You can tell the coffee is rich and fresh.  I am excited for spring this year...so we can sit outside and listen to music.  Likes:1. love the decor and ambiance 2. delicious fresh coffee 3. home-made treats 4. plenty of parking 5. clean ***MY NEW FAVORITE COFFEE SHOP****
5	Enjoying this place right now as I eat a delicious panini (very reasonably priced) and a great cup of coffee. I know the coffee is good when I can drink it black, and it's spot-on here. Cool interior, friendly staff and fast wi-fi. Can't ask for anything more than that.
5	Hola!We walked in and the Lady behind the counter was speaking Spanish!  Immediately I'm having visions of enjoying a Cuban Espresso!  Dreams come to life!  Poprock Love and I had lunch today and were driving back to Charlotte when I mentioned Mama's Coffee House in Pineville!  Neither of us had been and when she said "let's go" I needed no further encouragement!Poprock ordered a delicious Blended Iced Coffee - I know so little about ordering Caffeinated Beverages, so I enjoy when someone knows what to get!  The Lemon (something) Cake was good too and having a bite of the Iced Coffee, a bite of Cake and a bit of Cuban Espresso, yum!  The flavors complimented each other very well!This is a COMFORTABLE place!  A Coffee House in a House!  You'll see!  I'm betting you could either: get work done here or meet someone and get nothing done, which ever you chose!  The Front yard has a shady tree and tables.  The inside has Rooms so you could meet with a small group or sit by yourself and be productive or relax, maybe a little of both!
3	The Atmosphere is Great! It is a quaint little coffee shop and very clean. The Price for specialty drinks are too high unfortunately for the size cup you get and the quality not as good as Starbucks. I like to support Mom and Pop businesses though so I will go there again. Isn't my favorite coffee place though.
5	This place has highest level of service and strong flavor coffee. Excellent hot whole milk in the coffee a big plus. I went to order Guava & Cream Cheese "Guayaba con Queso" and omg what a surprise the best i ever had, i had try this thing in a 100 different restaurants
4	Great coffee! Good place to chill with a friend or get lost in a book.
5	The best spiced chai i've ever had!  Sandwiches are really good as well and the service is great. Love this place!
5	Adorable place! Great service and food.  I met my friend for breakfast and was very pleased!
1	Coffee is great but when I started going there, always getting large coffee and getting my card stamped, every morning, I was kind of shocked when I handed my card over and instead of a free coffee I got the owner that spent sometime working out the difference from a small coffee to a large.  I had a friend that owned a coffee place so I know the profit on coffee and come on, seriously, if you value your customers loyalty, pay back a large with a large free!
5	So homely inside. Love this place. I had the chocolate cupcake not sweety-sweet which is the way I like.
3	Bacon, egg, and cheese bagel was quite good and my mocha latte was enjoyable as well. Those two things cost me $10.50. Came as kind of a shock when she added them up and I had to put the 10 back in my wallet and get out a 20. Good food and coffee but more expensive than Starbucks.
4	Mama is a wonderful lady.  She has the best personality. And she has great coffee!!  The shop is very artsy. Writing all over the walls which is so sweet. I even got to write on the wall. Tons of room. Great place for a meeting or just to have a nice quiet cup of coffee. Lovely outside seating. A true gem of a place out of the hustle and bustle of the city.
5	Very nice little place in the middle of no place. I had a sandwich with my wife for 5.99 and it was enough for the two of us and it was good too.Def give it a try.
5	Ever since my aunt showed me this place, it has been my favorite place to go have coffee. It is great if u are in a hurry a or just wanting to relax. If you chose to stay and enjoy your coffee you can play board games, write your name on the walls, or just relax and watch tv. They have more than just coffee that is just as great.
5	Great!!! Such a precious gem in Pineville!! Great coffee, amazing owner and lots of parking! I didn't eat any of their food items however they looked amazing! It's a really neat spot that can accommodate groups which I know can be hard to find in a coffee shop! Excited to take my husband back for a coffee date!
4	I've driven past this joint any number of times, usually on my way to the Waldhorn and in no mood for coffee. But it's been bookmarked for a long while and I was feeling caffeine deprived and here we are.Funky vibe with graffiti all over the walls and furniture. Lots of mismatched furniture but plenty of spots to sit and do the Internet while you suck down some very tasty joe. I had a hazelnut latte and it was perfect. Strong coffee underneath but very tasty. There were some delicious looking pastries under the glass, plus they do sandwiches and pannins (and even some bottled beers??) but this was only a coffee stop today.Internet worked well, seats were comfy and the coffee rejuvenated me. Good stuff!
5	What a fun little place! I can imagine kids would like it because he can draw everywhere and anywhere. They have a decent menu with sandwiches, pennies, coffees, and other treats. The staff was nice and active, walking around and checking in on customers.I had a wonderful breakfast, thank you!
5	Great coffee house. The atmosphere will stimulate the creative side. She'll even have you write on the walls.
