1	I visited Todd's Flowers in Plaza Midwood for two reasons:  1. To support a local business2. To get my wife a congratulatory bouquet for her new office.  As soon as I walked through the door, I realized I was in a floral thrift store. I was greeted by a stark showroom filled with dusty baskets and props that looked like they belonged in a family photo studio circa 1981.  The two small refrigerators they did have only had 4 bouquets in them, and the flowers appeared old and wilted.  The employee pointed to the cooler at what I believed to be the "Charlie Brown Christmas Tree" of floral arrangements and informed me the arrangements start at $45 and go up from there. The employee did rise quickly to greet me, she asked if I needed help.  I inquired about delivery, and they do deliver, which is nice.  She was more than willing to help me out, but the combination of a boring showroom, shabby product and high prices just left me standing there staring at the employee.  I couldn't even make up a lie as to why I needed to leave, I just blurted out "I'm going to try somewhere else" and turned and walked out.I ended up going to an unnamed local grocery store in Charlotte and a florist working in the smallest little corner of the store made me a really large arrangement with fall colors for around $35.  This was definitely a case where I wanted to support local business but the product they offered completely underwhelmed me.  Todd's Flowers has a good location with some really nice Elizabeth homes nearby, but they need to work on the customer experience, and they need to have someone cranking out beautiful arrangements that you can't find anywhere else in that area.  If they did that, you'll have to take a number to get in the door.
2	My mom in Dallas, Texas was sending me flowers and through the magic of the internet used Todd's Flowers without knowing anything about them.  Normally, not an issue, especially since she gave them my phone number and instructions to leave the flowers with my apartment office if I wasn't at home.  Unfortunately, she had them delivered on a Saturday when I was out of town.  The flowers were not left with my apartment office, nor was a note left on my door, nor did I receive a phone call/text/email/etc.  I checked on Monday and they were not redelivered, again with no communication to me or her.  On Tuesday, I called the number from her confirmation email and spoke to an unpleasant "customer service" representative.  She was rude and unhelpful, demanded if I had a confirmation number (which I did), and when I asked whether they would be left at my apartment office if I wasn't home, her response was "That's what it says."  Finally, I returned home on Tuesday to find the flowers sitting on the ground by my door, not at the apartment office...  To Todd's Flowers's credit, they are beautiful, but it can't be that hard to follow instructions or call the local phone number on the card attached to the flowers.  Very frustrating overall.
1	Horrible service. Terrible showroom from 1980. Poor attitude by employee. $17 bucks for two balloons, which the employee self proclaimed he didn't know how to inflate with the helium tank. Let it fold so another small business can have the spot and contribute to the community.
