4	Excellent if you got a craving some something different. Staff is extremely friendly, portions are well worth their price.The Combination Platter is an excellent starter cant go wrong with it, and any of kebob dishes are winners.The only thing holding me back from 5 stars is the Samosa isn't exactly what i'm used to and sorry to say but a bit on the bland side.
5	I drove by randomly and caught the Kabob sign out of the corner of my eye. I was starving, but decided it would be worth waiting for the food to cook. And what can I say, it was the best decision of my life! I ordered the mixed kabob (chicken and shami - minced meat). The shami kabob was spiced just right and the meat is Halal to boot. The guy actually orders the meat from California. The prices were perfect as well. You don't need to spend a lot of money to eat well and have a good time.The Persian/Afghani staff were very welcoming.  Definitely, try this spot when in Vegas!
4	I was looking for Afghani food in Las Vegas this morning. I didn't find any.I randomly went to Kabob Palace and was stunned to find....Afghani food! I haven't had Palow since I left San Francisco. This is an aromatic mixture of lamb, brown rice and delectable seasonings. It was served with a potato, pea, and maybe tomato dish that was luscious but the waitress could not identify what it is called and it was not listed on the menu.The palow came with a side of Shirazi salad which was the only somewhat disappointing item. The dressing had a bit too much vinegar and it wasn't what I hoped for. I can't wait to come back and sample the Aashak and Mantu dumplings!!If you've never had Afghani food, you're in for a treat.The menu also has some Greek and Indian influences, but I fail to see the point. The restaurant is owned by an Afghani and Afghani food is delicious!Five stars for the food but minus one star for smelly cleaning supplies while I was eating and for a lack of decor or style. But this will be a new favorite place. Try the Palow!
1	Really? 4 stars!!??? This place was AWFUL. I love Afghani/Persian/Mediterranean/etc, but the food here is completely uninspired, cafeteria-grade slop, from start to finish. Usually Yelp has some fairly reliable reviews, but the 8 or so for this place were just completely off base. Hummus was fine, the only edible thing ordered. Fried eggplant appetizer was lacking is both flavor and ingenuity -- all I could taste was oil. Lamb kabobs -- the best stateside, according to one delusional reviewer -- just an utter joke. 5 tiny pieces of dry, overcooked and tasteless lamb, one of which was all cartilage. The accompanying salad was an Albertson's-grade ruffage melange. The other lamb rice dish was better, at least not super tough or bland, and the rice was alright, but the lentils were not cooked--like at all. I know restaurants have off nights, but any restaurant worth its salt should come through with at least one or two solid dishes. I wouldn't come within shitting distance of this place ever again. To y'all believers out there, all I can say is:WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!?
3	I went here based on a couple reviews and I was expecting something fabulous.  The food was really good! Four stars for the food but two for the service equals a three star review.  What went wrong?  It took about 45 min's for a couple of pita sandwiches and we were the only ones there, and when the order came it was wrong!  My friend had to get his to go while I ate mine.Don't get me wrong the food is really good and I would probably go back but come on people please get the order right, and speed up the service a little! Maybe somebody should tell them or leave a Yelp card to let them know that we love the food, but the service needs to be improved!
1	Fart Face? Apparently I can't eat a shitty meal without being the subject of pointless ridicule. Maybe if I was as high off of my own ego as one reviewer (let's call her "Dog Shit"), I would've enjoyed the charcoal briquettes trying to pass as lamb kabobs DS recommended. Or the oil pouches masquerading as the 'traditional' fried eggplant app I've had at many Med eateries....maybe 'ingenuity' was the wrong word -- 'flavor' was sufficient -- but wtf? Is that what this spat is about? Word choice? 'Rebellious iconoclast' is redundant, but I don't get my rocks off on scrutinizing sloppy diction on a fucking food reviewing website. DS is defensive b/c I had a bad meal at a restaurant she likes. BFD! This is about the food, not you, DS. It's always about the food! I could give two shits about what you or your cadre of ass-kissing lemmings who drool over every SAT word and spunky made-up phrase populating your reviews think about Kabob Palace. I just want tasty food. Maybe it was an off night -- who knows. But unless you're paying, I'm not going back.So let's just boil this shit down to its essence: The food I ate SUCKED. Get over it.
1	I decided to check this place out to see what all the fuss was about.  Four reasons to not bother:1. Despite being in a strip mall at the intersection of two major roads and close by several upscale neighborhoods, the "Palace" was completely empty at 12:30 on a weekday.  Never a good sign.  Guess this place doesn't do a lot of lunch business. 2. I had the lamb kabobs which were dry and gamey like overcooked deer meat.  Meh.3. The decor leaves much to be desired, the food leaves much to be desired, and the service was slow and grumpy.  Did I wake them from their midafternoon siesta?  4. Even Olive Garden has more variety, more consistency, a more pleasant atmosphere and better value.  With so many better options in Vegas, why would you come here?  Oh that's right.  No one does.
1	hit the Palace last week with the roomie - it's 7 pm - we're the only customers.  ok, it's the holidays, the economy sucks, blah blah blah.Amazingly, after being seated, it takes 3 minutes for someone to take our drink order.  After ordering a water and soda, the server rolls her eyes - i sense it was because we didn't order more.  Order the kabob combo,  geez i don't even remember what else, the delay in taking the order, the delay in getting the food, i really can't remember what the food was like - fuck this place !
3	Very controversial here from the reviews I've read.  I've eaten here years ago with no problems other than the restaurant is always quiet.  I'm glad they're still open...  Our office had lunch from here & ordered 9 that's right 9 different items so we could share:  lamb shwarma, mediterranean salad, kebab combo, falafel plate, chix salad,  sausage plate, greek salad & 2 other unidentifiable plates that we ate (everyone put their order in & we all ate smorgasbord style).  Although some commented that some of the plates looked "strange/unfamiliar"  all agreed it was all good.  Main standouts were the hummus, baba ganoush, ground beef meat kebaby strip thing.  No complaints despite many being dye hard McD, Taco fans but of course I tell 'em change is good especially Mediterranean!!
1	Are you freakin' kidding me? I can't see how this place could possibly get more than one star. In fact, if I could give it ZERO stars, that's what I'd do.Terrible service. And someone was having a big screaming match in the back, so they turned the music up to try to drown them out.Tough, disgusting, dry, overcooked excuse of lamb kabob with sides that weren't any better. Decor = -1. Service = -1. Screaming match = -5. Food = -1If you want good kabobs there are way better places to go.Yuck.Place seems to be under new ownership and the location looked different. I wonder if my past review was confused about locale or if this one is.
3	I give it a solid three stars, I don't see anything wrong with it. This place is painfully average. Decent gyro, good hummus, friendly and efficient service.This is my go-to place when I'm in the mood for a gyro, plain and simple.
1	Dropped by after church. We were told that the Sunday Buffet starts at 1PM. We were just 15 minutes early so we decided to wait it out and ordered Persian tea. The food for the buffet started trickling out after 1 PM and the last dish came out at exactly 2:11 PM, approx 1.5 hrs when we arrived.The food was tasteless and the gentleman at the counter kept telling us everything will be out in 1 minute! I tried the meatballs but there seems to be egg shells in them! I could hear and taste the crunch!We still tried what they brought out, but for the money we paid ($8,95 per), I would have rather gone to Zaytoon's on Durango at Twain.This place is a sorry excuse for a restaurant.
3	The place is very average, but the food is good. I can get away with dinner for two under $30 with tip. If you're into atomosphere and trendiness, it's not for you. If you're not a snob, and want good food at a fair price, this is a good place. I don't reccomend it if it's a "first date" and you're trying to impress.
5	Tonight was our first visit to Kabob Palace.  When I just got to Yelp to write the review, I was shocked to see the low star rating.  We had a fantastic meal and terrific service from Janet, who said she's worked at the restaurant for six years, so I can't understand all the service complaints.For the record, we're originally from New York, not from East Bumblefuck, so we have logged many years of ethnic restaurant meals.  We know good food.  But then again, we didn't suffer through a steam table buffet lunch or order gyro sandwiches.  We had dinner.  And because the name of the restaurant is KABOB Palace, we ordered - duh - KABOBS.The chicken breast kabobs were tender, juicy, very well-seasoned with more than just salt, and were delicious.  The filet mignon/ground meat kabob combo were also near-perfect.  Also appreciated was the lack of skewers, which usually has the chicken or meat landing in my lap.  I hate to work for my food, and hate wearing it even more.My husband had the rice, and I ordered mine with salad.  The rice was white rice, but it was perfectly cooked.  As for the salad, I was amazed at the size of the portion, and the variety.  Unlike at a Mexican restaurant, where what they call salad is a tablespoon of shredded iceberg with a bit of chopped tomato, this one filled the plate to overflowing, chock-full of FRESH romaine, red lettuce, chopped tomato, sliced tomato, roasted red peppers, red onion, grilled zucchini, and whole Greek olives, green olives, and sliced black olives. (I detest olives, but DH appreciated them).  How can anyone complain about that?  We also had a side order of hummus, which was more than enough for the two of us, and it was served with a basket of bread that was called pita, but was more like pizza dough bread.  It may or may not be authentic Afghani bread, but I've never been one to complain about pizza.  The waitress said it's baked in the tandoori oven.  The hummus was excellent, and even better when topped with a bit of the coriander-mint-jalapeno sauce served in a little bowl to accompany all the food.  And it gave everything a nice, spicy kick.We can't wait to go back, and we will bring others next time.  To those of you who've only had the buffet lunch or a gyro, you should go back and have some freshly-prepared kabobs.  And if you're of the generation who can't wait and must get your food served as fast as you can send a text message, go back to Applebee's, where the food is all pre-cooked and probably pre-chewed. Cooked to order is worth waiting for.
3	This is from 4/22/2009 and I had inadvertently posted this review for Kabob Express.Had the qabili and yogurt with mint. Qabili was very nice though not much lamb in it. Was served with a beef and split pea stew which was warm not hot and a small bowl of cucumber and tomato salad. Yogurt and mint dip was rather thin.Service slow as always despite small number of customers.Good value though at $18 or so
4	This is an update to my previous review, and I'm happy to say that I wasn't disappointed.This time it was Poker Widows' Night, and I went with my two friends.  Two of us (I was one of them) had the Lamb Kabobs, and they were incredible - lean, tender, juicy, and perfectly seasoned.   As on the previous visit, we ordered rice for one, salad for the other, intending to share both.  The waitress offered to have the kitchen divide it for us, and when the plates came out, it was if we weren't sharing at all - we each had so much rice (perfectly cooked) and salad (fresh and full of a variety of stuff), together with a substantial portion of the lamb, that we each took home enough for a second full meal.The other friend is Israeli, and this is her comfort food.  She had a hankering for Liver and Onions.  If she hadn't been with us, it would have been another 5-star rating.  But her liver was way overcooked, and she didn't like it.  She did, however, love the hummus, which we ordered as a single side dish but had it as an appetizer.  It was a huge portion for $4.50.  (It costs more when ordered alone, but who'd go there and just order hummus?).I have to agree with XX, when he/she said: " You walk in and can't tell whether or not they're open..."  We went fairly late, and were sure it was closed -- until we walked in.  I don't see it as a bad omen, though, just that the owner needs a neon "OPEN" sign.  This is Vegas, ferchrissake, there's sure no shortage of neon to be had!I'll be going back to Kebob Palace, but I'll stick with the chicken or, especially, the lamb.  Kebob.  As in Kebob Palace.  And I sure won't be ordering the liver.  Not there - or anywhere.
3	I thought the food there was good for the price. I had the combination platter.
