5	Entire experience was fantastic! Staff was friendly and made you feel comfortable. Had two fillings done and injections to get numb were painless and fillings were quick and easy. Have been recommending this office to everyone!
5	I just moved to Phoenix area from So-Cal and needed to find a dentist that I was comfortable with. Dr. Patel is very personable and the staff very friendly and caring.The office manager Karen was really great at working with me and making me feel like I had been coming to this office for years!What a great place to take your family!I highly recommend this to anyone in town or from out of town looking for the kindest top notch dentistry in the Phoenix area!
5	The waiting area is very beautiful and the staff is extremely friendly.  I felt at ease during my procedure. Highly recommended!
5	I have been seeing Dr Patel for 4 years. She and her staff are very professional, knowledgeable and compassionate. Dr Patel is brilliant, probably the best dentist I have ever worked with. Their customer service is second to none.
5	I have been from one dentist to another over the last few years and I have never seemed to find one that I was completely comfortable with. It always seemed like they were looking after their well being and not mine.  I was referred to Dr. Patel by a friend of mine after an implant went very wrong and I was afraid and embarrassed to go back to a dentist. I went to see Dr Patel and I was surprised to find that she seemed to genuinely care about my mouth. Her and her staff were not only very friendly but they were extremely informative. I actually felt comfortable from the minute I arrived until the time I left. Dr Patel and her crew now not only take care of all of my dental work but also my kids, my friends and any other person I meet that needs a great dentist.
5	I went to my first dentist in Phoenix for over 20 years. When the dentist took in a "partner" I knew the end was near. I conveniently forgot about the dentist until a crown fell off. My wife had been referred to Dr. Patel and was impressed with the staff, office and Dr. Patel. They were able to schedule an appointment for the next day. I think I've found my dentist for the next 20+ years!!Highly recommended! !
5	Great dental office!  Very accommodating and they respond promptly to dental emergencies and issues.  Dr.  Patel is very detail oriented and conscientious...something you want in a dentist!   They upgrade equipment, etc. regularly so they maintain a modern, up to date  office.  My family has been coming here for several years and continue to be impressed with service and care provided.
5	Dr. Patel and her entire staff are wonderful! I took my son here for a second opinion regarding some dental work recommended by another dentist. I couldn't' believe the difference! Her staff was so friendly and accommodating. And Dr. Patel herself spent nearly 40 minutes with us explaining things and helping me understand what was going on. She is trustworthy and really cares. We drive nearly 45 minutes to her office and it doesn't even bother me because they are THAT good. We will be patients for life!
