5	Az Tex Hats is amazing!!!! Highly recommended.  They have a HUGE selection of hats! They also have very friendly and knowledgeable staff.  If you need a great hat, definitely check this place out.
1	I shouldn't even rate them a star but it was the lowest rating. I had a problem with some hats. Saw a review and thought they would be the best around. well they first said  "this is no problem give me a couple days and we will have it look like new." well after 8 DAYS of them saying "oh its on the table we will have it ready tomorrow" i finally walked into the store and they had them ready. only problem is they didn't fix the problem. was completely upset and would never recommend them to anyone!!!
4	It was the pink cowboy hat in the window that got my attention and glad I went in.  You want hats? This place has got them - all kinds, all sizes!  And that is good because one or two sizes does NOT fit all.  Plus they will measure your noggin to be sure.I was going to go for a red cowboy hat since it was holiday time but fell in love with this red top hat which I rocked through December.  The hats were of good quality and they have a website where you can order them as well.  Cool place!
4	If you are looking for any kind of obscure hat this is your place!  They have all kinds of hats here!  They even have stuff in storage that they can get if you need something that is 'out of season'.  I happened to walk in a few days after the Kentucky Derby and what a treat, so many amazing, beautiful, well-made hats!! I was there for another need, but wow, I almost wanted to buy a crazy derby hat...such COOL stuff!  The sales associate was extremely helpful; you can tell they know their hats (any genre).  They are a bit on the expensive side, but nice well-made hats are pricey.
1	I ordered a a belt on October 7th, could not find tracking, called & e-mailed on the 14th, for some reason it seemed the order had not been placed by them. On the 14th I was told to expect delivery on October 21st, today is October 24th and no belt. I canceled my order, WORSE on-line experience I have had.Bruce...Georgia
