3	Not bad for Champaign. Helpful associates. Baby clothes always on sale. They also have a Birthday thing for your kid until they're ten years old. Prices are high but you can find anything. What really impressed me was the amount of starter instruments for kids. Anything you can think of, at a reasonable price.
3	Newly remodeled and service is friendly and available. They don't price match. I was told they will only price match their own webiste.
5	Great customer service, out of stock,  ordered what we needed on the spot with free shipping
4	They recently did a remodel of their store and it looks better and has more flow. I still can't find anything though. Come with coupons or you'll be paying a lot for things you can find at a consignment shop.
4	you sell the best toys.you are aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawssomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.
1	I can't stand this place.... or maybe the corporation.  The past three visits there, I've gone in to get the latest Disney movie WITH a coupon.  First off, they never have the latest releases in a nice display.... they're hidden amongst other movies.  If you want the Blu-ray.... Forget it, that's in another part of the store.   "You have a coupon to buy "Peter Pan"??   Well Ma'am, if you read the fine print, it expired yesterday... or your coupon is smudged from your printer and we can't scan it.... and if you read the SUPER FINE print, it says that it's not valid for Disney items (amongst 300 other brands)""You have a coupon on your phone?  Sorry Ma'am, you have to print it up and bring it to us so we can scan the barcode (which is in perfect resolution on your phone screen) and just throw it in the garbage.""Target AND Walmart are selling "Little Mermaid" for a lower price?  Well Ma'am, you have to bring the ad in to us""You have the ad on your phone??  That doesn't count Ma'am.... you need to print it out, bring it in, and then we'll tell you that Toys R Us doesn't price match""Ma'am, we are out of stock on the Bluray of Planes.... and yes ma'am, we're aware that the coupon for your movie ends tomorrow (even though the movie came out yesterday), and we're out of stock and no, we don't offer rainchecks.  We can't sell you the movie if we don't have it"UGGGGH!!!!  Damn you Toys R Us!!! Damn you!!!!!   No matter what coupon I have, it is never just a smooth transaction!!!!!
3	Store review:We came by the store to check out the inventory and were pleasantly surprise that it is just like any other TRU. It appears that it may be difficult to use coupons here, but I have never used one that is not a TRU coupon before. Prices are somewhat higher than online, but if you are looking for a present for a kid this is your one stop shop. Pros: large selection of toysCons: higher than average pricesHidden deals:Sign up for a TRU credit card to earn cash back on purchases
2	I would not recommend working with Toys R US for your baby registry. I was told by a manager that he would contact us within 3 weeks when a registry item was ready to be purchased (which is often in high demand)and never received a call. Then was told it was in my best interest to purchase the item immediately bc they might run out from the distributer when I took the time to contact them after five weeks with no contact. Also, I have been waiting for two months to purchase a toddler rail for the conversion crib but they have yet to be available for order. Why have conversion cribs on the floor on display if you can not order the parts for it? Furthermore, we received the wrong item when it was shipped to our home when we ordered it in store. This was no the fault of the store staff worker. When we are in the store all staff members have been helpful. If I could do it all over again though, I would not have registered here. It has been a headache!
