5	This place has great food (including fresh oysters), an open and relaxing atmosphere and friendly staff. The steamed seafood bowls are prepared at the front bar using amazingly fresh seafood. They even have several craft beers on tap. Did I mention they have a great selection of fresh oysters? They're also open for lunch. Finally, great seafood in the East Valley!
5	The Grand opening of High Tide bar and grill is a welcome addition to Gilbert.  A limited selection of craft beers, some fantastic original mixed drinks, and the steamed pot seafood is prepared to satisfy the most critical pallets. My basic criticism of most seafood restaurants is that they over cook everything, Making the most succulent of foods into rubber. Not so at High Tide.
5	4th day open and may I say that high tide has outdone themselves!  Me and my wife drive to scottsdale to get great seafood 2 times a week, not anymore!  We just happend to drive by and see this place last night and stopped in very skeptical... No longer skeptical!!!  We sat at the oyster bar and the bar manager Jon quickly ran down there craft beers, specialty cocktails and great wine selection, I must say I was a little nervous ordering a martini with avocado but jeez it was amazing!  My wife took jons recommendation on a red blend called saved and it rose above our expectations.  Everyone claims fresh food, made to order, quality ingredients but I will tell you as an avid restaurant goer high tide clearly truly knows the meaning of all three.  I don't like a lot of places but I will say that high tide is now my favorite new restaurant.  Unbelievable staff, quality food, and a beautifully modern decor to top it all off!  If you don't try it out you are doing yourself a disservice!
5	ok, so I am relatively new to seafood,  and don't enjoy that fishy taste.  I had an appointment nearby, and saw the sign on the building and decided to take a look.  What a wonderful surprise.  The decor is modern, open and clean. The staff is attentive and friendly.  The menu is relatively simple,  but what they prepare is done to perfection.  The Glass Pear martini was yummy.  The selection of steam pot seafood made my decision difficult to make,  but I was very happy with the presentation,  and the first mouthful was delightful.  The seafood not over cooked, the broth,  spiced to please the taste buds. Will definitely be going back and recommend to my friends.
5	Stellar. Simple menu, good service and good food. The staff was knowledgeable and friendly. Very clean and modern look inside. We will be back!!
5	I am so glad that we finally have a great seafood restaurant in Gilbert.  It is very hard to find fresh seafood in Arizona and now we dont have to drive all the way to Scottsdale to find it!!  The staff was very friendly and so were the owners.  They have their fish flown in and it is very fresh- not frozen and not fishy.  My friend had the oysters and thought they were very good.  Calamari was cooked perfectly and we loved the dipping sauce.  Clam Chowder was perfect- lots of clams, and creamy. Kids had the mac and cheese- it was house made, reasonably priced, and tasty.   My friend had the Gumbo and I had the Ciopino -- both were great.  This isnt red lobster at all-- Just the opposite.  Fresh, High Quality Seafood and great chef that knows how to prepare it.
5	Our newest neighborhood place open just a week now. Great concept "Steam Pot" cooking.  Your meal prepared in front of you, if you're sitting at the huge 30 seat horseshoe shaped bar. Raw ingredients go in with the appropriate sauce special steam jacketed pots cook every thing in a flash and it's served up piping hot with some crusty sour dough bread.
4	Good food, good service.  Large portions.  I was specifically impressed at the lengths that our server went to in accommodating my wife's difficult order. She made sure she had it right.
5	I have been here twice in two weeks.  The steam pots are excellent.  Luckily I have been here with larger groups, so I have been able to try all four.  I have also tried the riptide burger and the shrimp po boy.  Everything is very nicely seasoned, and for those of us who like a little kick in their food, make sure you use some of their home made hot sauce--it is fantastic.  The ambiance is very nice and they have nice large booths so that a group of six of us were able to sit comfortably and not bump into eachother while eating.
5	West coast IPA. Amazing food. Dales pale ale. Amazing food. Stone IPA.  Amazing food.
3	To be fair, we didn't eat a meal here.  We just had drinks and apps. The mojoto was a bit sour and just had a trace of mint. Beau enjoyed his beer but we found the bartender on the phone while he served us offputting. We were delighted the calamari was strips of calamari steaks vs. rubbery rings. BUT they were rather dry....Mentioned this place to a buddy who was also underwhelmed. Wish them luck on the new business. It is pretty but not 5 yelp stars by any stretch.
2	I'm not sure why there are so many 5 stars.  My wife and I were waiting for this place to open for awhile and when we saw it had many 5 stars after it opened we were very excited.  Overall, we were dissappointed with the experience.  She had the shrimp po boy which I also tasted.  She did not finish it.  The shrimp was very small and over breaded.  I picked the breading off and the shrimp alone wasn't that great.  I had the salmon sandwich.  The salmon was good but they put too much sauce on each of the buns and I couldn't really taste the fish.  It also has bacon on it but could probably do without.  The person who took our order was very nice but did not stop by very often to check on us.  He only stopped by to take the order, deliver the food, and drop off the check.  I also was dissappointed with the amount of fish options on the menu.  The name tells me it's a seafood place but when we stopped for lunch the first things I saw on the menu were burger, chicken, fried tomato and then a fish sandwich.  I expected other fish options like Mahi or Tilapia.  I can even get those at a fast food place.
5	This is an awesome restaurant!  Atmosphere is just delightful, employees are fantastic and the food is absolutely fabulous!  I'm becoming a regular!!!!
5	Excellent seafood here.   Ross the chef was very friendly and informative.  Most of the dishes are prepared right in front of you (if you sit at the bar).    Great beers on tap.  The wait staff was very friendly and attentive.  The appearance of the restaurant was was tidy and clean.  I would absolutely eat here again,  and highly recommend it.
5	ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!Drinks: amazing! I had the pear martini I forget the exact name but it was perfect. not overly sweet in my opinionFood: what's not good?!Calamari: they give you the calamari tenders instead of the chewy rings.  You can tell its very fresh and its perfectly breaded.  The dipping sauce is amazinglobster bisque: one of my favorite lobster bisques i've ever had.Tide Roast: combination of different shellfish/seafood in a tomato based broth with a big pile or rice. Delicious!Fish and Chips: perfectly crispy, really good whole grain mustard dipping sauceHonestly you can't go wrong here. everything is really good and the staff is very friendly and welcoming!
4	Finally nice to have a great seafood place I. Gilbert. Food was great! Staff was friendly. We ate the the bar where they  make the steam pots specialties it was cool to watch.
5	I have now eaten here twice since it has been opened.  I can see it is going to be my new go to place for a different kind of seafood / comfort food restaurant.  I have had the fried chicken, chicken wings, Gumbo, Shrimp pot, Salmon and Cioppini.  Every dish was superbly prepared and my meals were super.  The staff is extremely friendly.  This place has only been open for 3 weeks and yet it seems like it is running like a fine tuned machine.  I met the owner tonight and he really wants to create a great customer experience.  Next on my list is to try the fish and chips and their burgers.
5	Absolutely wonderful from staff food and owner stopping and talking with customers. Calamari best we have ever had. My husband doesn't normally like it but loved it!  He as had lobster bisque n had at least a piece of lobster in each bite. We each had a different steam pot and they were all very tasty. Only thing I would say is both myself n son both asked to add on oysters and my son had several in his and I only had one. Should of said something but it was all worth the money. The suggested wine was very good!
5	Best fresh oysters east of the 101.. Plenty of selection and served with all the right toppings.. The lobster Mac and cheese is close to Oceans Club quality, less the price tag. The King is good but the sauce is a bit bland. The cioppino is stellar. Friendly staff. We sit at the bar by the steam pots to watch the dish being made.
5	Wow!!  Super good, clean, friendly, steam pots so fun to watch!.incredible portions, great price!!got to try this!!
5	The word "wow" doesn't begin to explain how great High Tide is. We showed up at close and not only did the owner welcome us but the staff treated us like celebrities. The food was nothing short of exceptional. We had the cioppino and I would recommend it to anyone.  We will definitely be back to adorn this local business. Please check out High Tide and you will not be disappointed.
4	What a lucky choice for Friday night dinner! Trying to avoid meat on Fridays during Lent,we headed here after a recommendation from a friend. I ordered the halibut special, and hubs got Tide Roast with dirty rice. Wow, wow and wow. Lemon risotto = plate-licking good. Grilled asparagus = perfectly crisp and smoky. Citrus beurre blanc sauce = subtle and delicate and... heaven. Halibut = slightly overcooked (easily made up for by risotto and beurre blanc).Hubs reports his entree was "very, very good," but I didn't taste it because I was too busy savoring EVERY molecule on my plate.We did have to ask for the sourdough that comes with steam pots (Tide Roast), but when it finally showed up, it was fresh and warm and chewy and sour and wonderful.I thoroughly enjoyed an icy Mudshark white ale with my meal, but the Santan Devils Ale gave DH a splitting headache, strangely... so odd.Wrapped things up with the bread pudding, served hot with vanilla ice cream and a very light drizzle of caramel sauce. I adored it, but DH wanted more caramel sauce.Please keep in mind, we are splitting hairs here and being ultra critical of some seriously delicious food. Sadly, it's so hard to come by a decent sauce these days, and High Tide nailed it. Their chef is not playing around.Server Matthew took excellent care of us and made us feel like the most important couple in the restaurant.All in all, if I had died on my way home after this meal, I would have had zero regrets.
5	Nice atmosphere, clean, great staff, and the food was terrific. Even some of my kids appreciated the vegetables and how often does that happen?
1	Tried this new restaurant in the neighborhood (3/24/14).  Found it to be clean with nice wait staff and pleasant environment.  I felt that the menu was not as broad as you would expect in a "seafood" restaurant.  We ordered shrimp cocktail for a high price of $15 which consisted of five overcooked rubbery large shrimp.  I ordered the "King" steam pot which tasted good, but consisted of mostly pasta and a nice sauce.  The menu indicates crab "legs" are included, but I only got one very small one.  All in all, it was a disappointment, and way overpriced at $25.00.  My guest ordered the Gumbo which was pretty good, but still overpriced.    The owner needs to add some other fish items to menu and pick a lower price point, otherwise, you won't be in business very long in that location!
5	Ok, the DRINK to tryThe Gardner-wonderful.. If you have people from out of town, take them here. The staff- Wonderful... Lobster Mac and cheese...super yummyok, the happy hour stated 3 to 6 pm and I ordered the special cocktail and it was full price on my bill $9 (Gardner).  Not sure if the Gardner is not part of the happy hour special.  Everything else really really wonderful, top choice and full of class.Try this place.  Hope to see them on GROUPON soon.
5	I went to dinner at High Tide and it was an excellent experience! I was recommended this place by a friend and after checking previous Yelp reviews, I figured I had to give it a try. Decor was nice and simple, with a semi quite atmosphere and good service. I ended up ordering the Tide Roast and my guest got the Salmon BLT. Both dishes were excellent with nothing to complain about. All my seafood seemed fresh and was told the Salmon was really enjoyable. My only disappointment was that I wasn't able to try more from the menu on this one visit! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who enjoys seafood and will be going back soon to sample other delicious foods from the menu!
5	My new favorite place! Finally amazing seafood in the desert. TY HT!
5	This is the seafood place the East Valley has been waiting for!Top notch.  Good food.  Excellent service.  Great Happy Hour!  We had three appetizers and all three were excellent.  The Lobster Mac and Cheese was the best we have had anywhere West of the Mississippi!  Try the HH version if the regular price scares you (although we thought it was well worth the price).  The mussels were great and the Calamari was also the best we have had in Phoenix or California!I am not going to try to find different adjectives to describe goodness of all of the food that we tried.  We had the Fish and Chips, the Tide Roast Steampot and the Mahi Special.  All of them were spectacular.The owner was very friendly and the entire staff was attentive yet easy going and personable.I have never given five stars on Yelp before.  Congratulations High Tide you are my first (I can never say that again!).We will definitely be back and have already made at least a half dozen recommendations!
4	We had the chiopino, the jambalaya, and the fried chicken. All very good in a very relaxing setting. The owner greets you at the door and checks every table during dinner.  Definitely a repeat.
2	I was excited to see so many great reviews to this place because I drive by it a lot and was eager to try it. Like other reviewers, I found the options very limited and I wasn't sure were 'steam pots' were and nobody ever explained them. Anyway, we ordered some very over priced pasta, the 'king', which had a handful of shrimp and fish and ONE crab leg. Also, I ordered a salad and calamari for starters and they came out AFTER the pasta. Ok...thanks for bringing out my salad  and appetizer after the main course!? Speaking of which, the caesar salads I buy in ready to make bags are better than this one and the calamari was 'meh'... I've had muuuch better. All in all it was a 2 star experience and I don't think we'll be going back.
3	the place has to be pretty new because they had the store manager walking around and greeting all the diners.  I'll say that the food (red snapper and salmon) was delicious, but I think the place is criminally understaffed, because it took 10 minutes for each of the draft beers that I ordered to make their way to the table; it was also a 30 minute wait for our food to be prepared.  this was a random Tuesday night mind, I'd hate to see what happens on a Friday or Saturday dinner rush.  the menu actually seems oddly bereft of seafood options; outside of oysters and the hot pots they have a shrimp cocktail and a salmon blt and the catch of the day.  overall not bad, but far from amazing.
5	Great job!!  This is a fun new place to eat and drink.  The wine list is well priced and you could make a meal out of just the soups and the appetizers.  This sure ain't your goofy Red Lobster.  Locally owned and well run.
5	Loved it! If you want fresh seafood this is a MUST!! Better than Red Lobster! Mac shrimp was love at first bite!
5	I highly recommend High Tide, 5 Star food and service, ambiance could use a better touch but it's well worth it.
4	I am so happy to finally have a seafood place here in the East Valley.  High Tide gets a few things VERY right.  Let's start off with the beer selection featuring Green Flash IPA, Firestone Walker DBA and IPA and several other selections from Stone and other top notch breweries.  Next up are the oysters which are fresh and shucked very well.  They usually try and carry an East and West coast oyster which is cool to split and taste the amazing variety.  I'm a huge fan of their quality and they are served correctly with lemon and three sauces based on your taste.  A cocktail with a huge chunk of fresh horseradish, a shallot vinaigrette, and a creamy horseradish.  I just use the chunk horseradish and lemon and it is wonderful.  .  The other day I had a dz raw oysters and an oyster poboy which was also amazing.  A little heavy on the bread but the oysters and the pickles etc were spot on.  The fried okra was a nice add and something I have not seen in restaurants in years.  The prices are reasonable considering the size of the place and the high level of freshness they provide in the food.  This brings me to the only possible negative which is a lack of warmth in the restaurant.  Perhaps they just need some plants and filler but it is a large open space with high ceilings and you feel somewhat like you are at a museum.  The booths seem a little too "old school" for me but no matter because I think the huge bar is the only place to sit.  You can also watch them make some of the foods in very cool steam pots they have right there in the bar.  Service is a notch above most with staff that are well educated and a little more mature than you would normally find in a AZ restaurant.  Service usually shines here from people with a deep understanding of the food and drink.Lastly they need a bike rack outside being right in the center of town.  It's an easy ride for many within the area and they have a huge windowed area where people can keep an eye on things.  Would love to cruise over for some oysters and beer and dash home without putting a key in the car.  I hope to see one by the time fall arrives.  Nice work High Tide!
5	It seems a rarity nowadays to visit a restaurant with stellar service accompanying superb food. From the time we walked in we were constantly being told "thank you for coming in" and asked how the food was. We sat at the bar near the steam pots in which the chefs make their signature dishes and were actively engaged by them regarding all aspects of the seafood from where it comes from to how it's handled. Another towering strength of this establishment is their variety of tap and canned/bottled beer. We will be back, that's for sure.
2	We dined here for the third time tonight and will probably not go back.  Being a restaurant owner and Manager the first thing is wine was not served in the proper glass and the pour was pathetic and the cosmo was not filled to the top!  Terrible performance.  Nothing compared to our first two visits.  Clam Chowder was definitely not made today and was served cold.  Oysters were so fishy they smelled.  Lobster Mac and Cheese had a fishy smell again and not much Lobster.  The cashew and peach slaw was my favorite from the first time we were there and could not find any peaches this time and maybe 2 cashews.  Definitely something going on in the ordering and or the kitchen.  Our waiter was great (Matt)  we felt bad for him as he delivered the service but had to put up with not good quality of food.  Owner came around and apologized but didn't offer anything else....   Big Mistake!
5	It sounds strange; but Gilbert, Arizona now has an excellent seafood restaurant.  This was a meal I would have expected in San Francisco, Portland, or Boston and then I would have come home and told everyone how good it was.  I can highly endorse the Roast Tide Steam Pot, Lobster Bisque, the King Steam Pot, and the oysters on the half shell.  I didn't try the Lobster and Mac, but it sure looked good.Many thanks to our server, Elise, who was attentive, informative, and very pleasant--great service.
4	I would have liked to see more variety on the menu. My wife and I started with the calamari which could have been a meal for one as large as the portion was. It was hands down the best calamari I've had in Phoenix, however, it would have been nice to have a second dipping option to go with the large portion.For the main dish I ordered the Alaskan Cod fish and chips and my wife ordered 'The King'. Having recently eaten the same dish in Seattle I was hoping this would compare and unfortunately it didn't.  Don't get me wrong, it was good, but no more memorable than any other restaurant that serves fish and chips. My wife's dish however was fantastic, she wouldn't share any of her king crab, but I was able to sneak several bites of everything else. The sauce everything was bathed in was the perfect compliment for the various different kinds of seafood in the bowl. I'll probably try the gumbo next go around!
5	Food was phenomenal! I am from the eastern sea board and my fiance is from the Great Lakes area so we know good sea food. What a find in Gilbert.
3	First time visit & we were very excited to check out a new seafood restaurant in Gilbert.  I ordered a mojoito, which was ok...didn't order a second.  My boyfriend ordered a dirty martini & the server had no idea what that was or if they even served it (this being said, they have a full bar).  The oysters were great!  We are well traveled & oysters are always at the top of our list.  We split the lobster mac.  I went to add a little salt to mine & the shaker was cracked & dumped not only all over my food, but on our table & the floor surrounding our table.  I was almost embarrassed because other patrons were looking at us like it was my fault.  No one was there to clean up the mess or offer an apology.  I was not able to finish my meal which I only took one bite of.  We are easy going, so I decided to go with the flow & share my boyfriends meal.  Finally, the bartender, not our server, came over to sweep up the mess.  The owner/manager (not sure her exact role)  came over to apologize, but nothing was offered to us.  Not like I was expecting anything, but I have been in the restaurant/management/customer service world for 8+ years & no matter the situation, you make sure the customer leaves happy.
4	My family and I have been meaning to try this restaurant since it opened. My expectations were not very high because the location is tucked away in a strip mall next to Sprouts, and it's just not the place I would expect to experience a high-end seafood meal -- but I was pleasantly surprised! First drawback however was upon walking in, there is a very strong seafood smell, which was a little off-putting (but the longer you're in the restaurant, the less you notice the smell). We had a large party, 10+ people, so we were seated in the back party room. The servers were attentive to us and brought us everything we needed. Furthermore, the food was delicious. I ordered the salmon with garlic sauce and risotto, the combination was absolutely delicious. The salmon was cooked "medium" to perfection, not raw, and not overcooked to oblivion. My husband ordered the Roast Tide Steam Pot, and said it was very very tasty!  This is definitely a place where you go for a treat; it's not an every week occurrence as the prices are on the steep side. My salmon dish was $24 alone. But when I am in the mood for a great seafood dish and don't mind the cost, I'll come back to High Tide.
5	Open and inviting, this place is great, can't wait to go back.  Went in just after the normal lunch hour and was treated fantastic.  The staff is warm and welcoming, the atmosphere is open and well lit.  I went there for a dozen fresh oysters on the half shell and some good beer and that's exactly what I got.  It was great!  My wife ordered the cioppino and an oyster bloody Mary, she loved it!  My daughter had the surf and turf burger and left nothing for her dad.  Great food, good time, wonderful people and reasonable prices.We will be back!
5	Don't let the location fool you. Freshest seafood in the east valley. The oysters were amazing. We had the gumbo, salmon and tide roast. All were in great!  We are from LA and know our seafood!
4	Would have been 5 stars if they had more stuff on the menu but what they do have was all really good! Had a few items off the menu
4	The gumbo was great! I went to school in Louisiana so I know good gumbo.
1	I had dinner with my family last night 4-29-14 around 6:30 p.m. ordering the Cioppino.  I was the only one that ordered one of the Hot Steam Pot Specialties.  I was sick as a dog come midnight.  I called this morning and asked to talk to a manager or owner to let them know that something needed to be checked for freshness or maybe it was a bad batch of seafood.  Chris came on the phone and when I told him that the soup had made me sick he asked what I had for lunch.  Then he told me that the flu was going around.  No apology, no sympathy....nothing.  I don't have the flu and I felt much better after throwing up until 3 in the morning.  I had breakfast and went to work.  He claimed that it was his best selling dish and that the seafood was flown in daily.  Oh please...no excuses.  Something in that dish was bad.  It had to be either the clams or mussels.  But Chris didn't take ownership that something may have gone wrong.  I won't be back and 1 star was a generous rating.
4	I live right by this restaurant and was excited to see a seafood place opening up. Finally made it tonight and was very pleased! As others have mentioned, the Calamari is wonderful! I wasn't very hungry so ordered the Lobster Bisque, which was very good. Not too salty like some can be, a good balance of salt and sweet lobster in a rich and creamy broth that you expect with a good bisque. My daughter got the kids mac-n-cheese which was gourmet style....and very good. I hate going to restaurants and paying $6 for Kraft...so this made me happy to see it was homemade. My mom got the fried chicken which she said was very good, and a very big portion (brought lots of it home). The other family we dined with got the King Bowl which they raved about and when I'm hungrier I'll definitely go back and order that, it looked fabulous! We also tried the mussels as an appetizer and they were very good...perfectly cooked and tasty! Our friends liked the oysters as well. We got a few desserts and they were delicious. They have a decent wine list too which made this wine lover happy. The best part is that i could walk or ride my bike here which is a wonderful plus!! A great addition to the Val Vista/Williams Field area....so happy they opened!!
1	I was excited to try this place. Had the Calamari for an appetizer and was not impressed. It reminded me of fish sticks but calamari. Had a lot better! I had the high tide burger and it was a hamburger with king crab meat on top of the Pattie. The meat was cheap and very greasy. The bottom bun was soaked with the grease and the meat wasn't warm. I couldn't even eat half of the burger. I will not be coming back.
5	I almost hate seeing all the great reviews because I LOVE this place and selfishly don't want tons of people to find out about it. I've been twice- once for dinner and one for happy hour. Each time I've sat at the bar and had EXCELLENT service. The food is so fresh and I was told the seafood is flown in daily. They will customize the dishes if you want to sub something. The lobster Mac & Cheese- oh my goodness! The portion is huge and it reheats well. Just be sure to add in an extra trip to the gym! They have a nice selection of wines and cocktails and also non-seafood meal options if you're not a fan of it. Prices are to be expected- considering we're in the desert and not next to the ocean.The bar tender mentioned they have a Bloody Mary bar on Sunday mornings that you can specialize to your personal preferences. To sum it up- just go there and order anything- you can't go wrong. And, just like me, you'll want to keep it all to yourself, too!
5	5/10/14... Had lunch there this sfternoon for a party of 4.. Open environment and very clean. Nice roomy seating.. Large raw bar with plenty of seating. Friendly staff. Plenty of smiles. Lobster soup was excellent The salmon BLT sandwich melted in your mouth. Fresh buns and the side of slaw was fresh and unique with pineapple chips in them. Very tasty. A little pricey but you get what you pay for. A seafood WINNER !
2	Have been here multiple times, great food. Me and my brother were planning on taking my mom here yesterday for early mothers day dinner. Made a reservation for 615, told us there is a wait. Mmm. Normally if u have a reservation u don't wait. Still wasn't seated my 630 people were getting seated before us... So we left and went to the sushi restaurant across the street which was awesome! Though it's unfortunate for this restaurant because we did love it before this happened. All I have to say is don't fuss about making a reservation because it doesn't matter.
5	We have come here twice now and will definitely be going back again.  The first time, my husband and I ordered two cups of chowda' (deeelicious, the best in town) and The King to share (and still couldn't finish it all!) Today we returned with our families to celebrate Mother's Day and were amazed by their superb quality of both food and service yet again.  The five of us shared the shrimp cocktail and lobster mac 'n cheese to start.  Oh my, those shrimps were huge! And the LM&C was generously portioned with healthy chunks of lobster throughout. We really couldn't stay out of it, it was so good.  We tried the Bloody Mary bar and were not disappointed there either.  The "customization" options available were impressive. You have a choice between what kind of Mary mix to add (spicy or not), and then there was two different kinds of olives to choose from, sweet pickles, asparagus,  and more!  Lots of sauces were available to add in as well, not to mention the Mary started off with having a slab of bacon inside the cup. Yum. Honestly, it could have been a meal in itself.Got the fish and chips and found the fish to be perfectly crisp on the outside,  not overbreaded, very airy and light breading actually,  and flavorful,  tender fish inside.  The tartar sauce was great, and the fries were served as a combination of shoestring and sweet potato fries. Loved the inventiveness of changing up a regular old side of fries. The slaw was fresh and included nuts and fruit.My mother-in-law raved about her shrimp boil and my mom gt a Caesar salad and clam "chowda". The waiter tonight was great,  very accommodating even when my.mom changed her entree choice about 10 minutes before the food came out. Also, since it was Mother's day,  she and my mother in law were served complimentary mimosas. What a nice touch! The prices are a little high, yes, but I have no problem when their quality is as high and consistent as it is.  Expect to make a reservation on their busier nights (Friday/Saturday) become it gets packed and we found out he hard way last Friday.  That's ok, this joint is worth everything and more, and I have a feeling Gilbert has a new fish restaurant (finally) that's here to stay.
2	Yelp reviews and really the star averages, by and large, are very accurate.  Not in this case.  Going in, we realize we live in the east valley so any seafood is flown in and not typically going to be as good as if you lived by the water on a coast.  So six of us ordered a variety so we didn't put too much pressure on the seafood aspect of their menu alone.  The fried chicken, okra, mac and cheese, steamed clams, fish and chips (anything fried is usually pretty good), cioppino, and drinks.  The steamed clams were overcooked and rubbery.  They also didn't seem fresh to any extent.  The fish and chips had a nice golden breading but no seasoning.  The fried chicken had zero seasoning and frankly the coating fell off in big chunks.  I could live with that if it tasted better.  The other stuff was ok based on what everybody said during dinner.  The consensus was that it was average at best but none of us would rush back.  The server was very nice but the actual service was disjointed.  Didn't offer bread so we asked and she brought bread for only 3 people after we already had apps.  We had to ask again and say that everyone, all 6, wanted a piece of bread.  Getting condiments required us asking 3 or 4 times because we would ask for vinegar, for example, and she would run off before we could state the other items we needed.  If you give someone fish and chips just give them vinegar in case they want some.  I've reviewed 200 or 300 restaurants on Yelp and always try to be fair but this really was disappointing.  The fact that the reviews average at 4 1/2 for this place either tells me that my fellow locals and/or reviewers haven't ventured out much to other places to eat that actually are 4's or above OR maybe they are just delusional.  Either way, go see for yourself and I hope that you have a better experience than the 6 of us did.  The ambiance is fine and it's clean, which is a good start.  The food needed help the evening we went.
4	Red Snapper special was great! The King was alright, I wouldn't order again. But we will be back again. Several menu items look very interesting.
5	You can definitely tell that the owner and staff really care about quality and creating a unique experience.  We had the gumbo, the chowder and the cioppino.  All were excellent and the server was great.  The only negative was that the food took a little longer than we would have liked.
4	Quality seafood with great beers on tap. This week is restaurant week and they are offering a generous 3 course meal for $30! May 17-26. The service was pleasant.
5	We took a table of 8 to High Tide for lunch on Mother's Day and it was wonderful.  The space is open and fresh without diners being shoved together to fit more bodies in.  You can choose to sit at the end of the bar with a TV or the middle of the bar where you can watch them making the steam pots or in roomy booths or at tables for large groups. We had Mimosas since it was Mother's Day, but the Bloody Mary bar looked really interesting with all sorts of add-ins.  Service was quick, friendly and knowledgable - not high school kids earning gas money.  Three of us chose the Special from the Blackboard - the Crab Crusted Halibut with Lemon Risotto and smoked, grilled asparagus with Citrus Beurre Blanc.  One had the Cioppino, one had the Gumbo, one had the Salmon and one went with the Crab topped Burger that was as big as her head!  Each was done right and presented well.  The Cioppino and Gumbo were filled with lots of seafood and just enough juice.  We didn't need the salt and pepper shakers because everything was seasoned properly. I haven't had a good risotto like that since we were in Italy.  Chef Eric came out to greet us and make sure we were happy.  And we were!  After we scraped our plates clean we thought we were full, but the tray of fresh Beignets with a dish of chocolate sauce had us reaching for our plates and forks.  Several reviewers commented on the limited menu but I thought it was great that this new kitchen decided to go with fewer items and do each one right.  There was an option for seafood lovers, fried chicken addicts and burger fans.  The 4 year old at our table dug into her mac and cheese and just kept spooning it in.  How often do see 4 year olds do that?  But the adults in the group were doing the same thing.  Usually I offer to share so the other diners can have a taste, but this time I wanted it all to myself.  And I will go back to try something else on the menu, knowing it will be just as good.
5	Phenomenal food and terrific service. One of the best and unique blend of seafood cuisine and atmosphere
5	It is a common refrain that you cannot find good seafood in the Phoenix area, and until now I have found that to be pretty much true.  However, High Tide is the exception to the rule.  The seafood is flown in daily and it shows.  The menu is not huge, but offers enough interesting options to satisfy most.  There are even a number of non seafood options available.  Service was adequate, and the prices are fair given the quality of the food.  I highly recommend.
5	I have eaten at numerous seafood restaurants, but High Tide has one of the best Cioppino dish I have had. Stop by you won't regret it & the atmosphere is very comfortable. . . . BTW this is my first post ever that's how impressed I was.  My wife can't believe.  LOL
1	My girlfriend and I were told by several folks at our country club how good the food is at this place.We finally got to go on or about Memorial Day. We sat at the bar as the place was fairly crowded.We ordered a bottle of wine and were perusing the menu when my eye was caught by a guy behind the bar. I watched as he took a rag of some sort out of a sink of soapy water, with his little utility/sterile/plastic gloves on, and wiped down what appeared to be a long. white, plastic cutting board.He then took out a handful of vegetables and began chopping them, WITH THE EXACT SAME GLOVES ON, and put them in a bowl to be served to someone.As this was happening I was giving my girlfriend a rather mocking play-by-play, both of us in disbelief. Some girl behind the bar said they have a bottle of anti-bacteria they use before they begin cutting veggies.Ok...fine. Maybe they do have some....but he did not use it. While that makes as much sense as washing Solo cups....gloves are about $0.02 apiece so why not just change them....I watched his entire motion and he never ONE TIME slathered any anti-bacteria on his gloved hands...not even once.We were extremely disappointed because we REALLY wanted to try their food... but disgusted trumped disappointed that night and we ate elsewhere. Not sure if we'll ever get to go there now since the image of this disgusting person will forever be in our minds....along with the lying girl who was making excuses for him.
5	We had been feeling a little hesitant to come in because seafood can go so horribly wrong. We finally went in today and delicious!!! The atmosphere was clean and relaxing. The food was yum. I had one of the steamer bowls with a white wine broth and it was magical. We also did the sausage and cheese plate and the bread pudding. Everything we had was fresh and beautiful. We will now be regulars. Just go already!
5	At first my wife and I were hesitant to try because the logo looked amateur...(sad I know, but seafood can be scary).  We gave it a try today and we were blown away!  Gilbert, we have something really special here.  We had the sausage and cheese appetizer to start.  The presentation was sublime and the flavors were better.  We each had a steam bowl entree.  Wow!  I had the High Tide Roast (?)...yum!  The home made hot sauce made the meal.  My wife had the Cioppino.  The broth was so delicious!  We had the bread pudding for dessert...some of the best I've had.  The only downside is my wife burned her finger on the bowl for the bread pudding and she has a big blister now...so be careful!  We can't wait to go back and try more!
4	What a great place for seafood. Crab cakes are amazing and on Saturday and Sunday they have a Bloody Mary Bar. Check it out!
4	The seafood was fresh and well prepared. Your server was friendly and kept us aware of the food timing. The water was not filtered and had a hard taste. They should also offer a better bread with all meals Overall a food experience and we will be back
5	Unbelievable Fish and chips, best lobster bisque and calamari I have EVER had. Lobster Mac and Cheese was really good. Bloody Mary bar looked great. This place is amazing. Really good service. You should sit at the bar at least once and watch the steam pots and the chefs at work.
4	I couldn't wait to try High Tide after reading lots of reviews here and hearing a general buzz in the community.  Upon arrival, when getting out of our cars in the parking lot, we immediately smelled the seafood smell.  Now, I am not bothered by that.  I grew up in a fishing village on the east coast and am used to the smell but I can understand how someone not used to it might be a little nervous.  Upon entering, we immediately noticed how nice the restaurant was.  Very nicely done; color scheme was pretty and felt nautical, finishings were high end and tasteful.  We found it very comfortable.  We asked to sit closer to the bar at a table on that side as that is where is seems like more of the action is happening.  The bar is very large and the boil pots are there manned with a chef for some of the dishes.We decided to try a few different appetizers instead of entrees.  An added bonus was that we found out they had just started a happy hour deal that included most (excluding a few exceptions) of the appetizers at the rate of half off.  What a deal!!  I had a cup of lobster bisque which was some of the best I have ever had.  There were bits of lobster in almost every bite.   It wasn't too heavy like a lot of bisque's tend to be.  It was pretty much perfection.  We also tried to cajun shrimp boil, crab cake and lobster mac and cheese.  All dishes were quite large and very ample.  The shrimp boil was chock full of shrimp.  There was no skimping here.  All the food was very good, although I thought that the lobster mac and cheese was a tad bit bland and could have used a little more flavor.  It would definitely not stop me from trying it again, however.  Service was ok; our food, which was just appetizers, took about 40 minutes which I thought was long.  Yes, it was our meal but what if it wasn't?  40 minutes for appetizers would mean a 2 hour dinner if we had entrees. I'm not sure if this is standard timing and I would tend to think not.  It will not stop me from coming back, that is for sure.  We really enjoyed ourselves at High Tide and can't wait to come back with friends and family.
4	Don't be fooled by the strip mall location, this place has great food and atmosphere. There were 4 plus a baby in our group and the hostess and server were both warm and accommodating.We had calamari (amazing) and the meat & cheese board (just ok, loved the spicy mustard though) as appetizers. I ordered the mahi mahi special, and my husband had The King. One of the others in our party had the buttermilk chicken. Everything was very good and large portions.Four stars instead of five because I wish there were a few more fresh / grilled fish entree options. Can't wait to go and sit at the bar for happy hour.
5	The lobster bisque was out of this world. For an east coast native, this is the best seafood restaurant I've found in Arizona. The bar manager John makes a mean Old Fashioned too. My wife had the Tide Roast which was an 8 out of 10, I had the gumbo which was 9 out of 10. Go, eat and enjoy.
5	First review I've written, and it's because I love this place! Amazing seafood, lively atmosphere and the Happy Hour is one of the best around (1/2 PRICE APPS and reduced drinks from 4-7 daily). I've been here four times, and everything is incredible: baked lobster mac, calamari, lobster bisque, shrimp boil... even the burgers. Good beer selection on tap, and the service is amazing!Perfect place to take the whole family or for a special date night. I highly recommend, and you won't be disappointed!
5	Just returned home from having a pre-Dads day dinner. Had wanted to try since opening, hesitant as did not read any reviews, on purpose. Had a couple of friends say they liked it so we went.Let's say that I am somewhat of a seafood snob.  I know what good food is and this place was great. Started with oysters on half shell, they had some different type from New York. Normally I will only eat NW oysters but decided to give these east coast guys a shot on advice of the Bar Manager. He was correct, they were pretty good.Main course did not disappoint either. Of our selections both were authentic and well prepared.Would I go again...Yes.
1	Underwhelming! Disappointing service!We arrived to celebrate Father's Day and requested to be seated at the booth. Everything was perfectly fine from hostess stand point. Ryan, our server showed lack of enthusiasm to serve us. We had to ask what the special was, asked for more water, etc. He only once checked on how we were doing, it was when our meal was almost done with. What's the point? We had to ask for water refills etc. I've never experienced such low service. The meal was decent but the service was horrendous. We won't be returning!Don't bother!!
4	Had the lobster bisque, which was tremendous and tasty.  Had the crab legs as an appetizer.  They were good but I really could have used the long fork to help scoop some of the meat out.  For my meal I had the King which was out of this world.  Had such a buttery taste and they did not skimp on the seafood in the pasta.  Their happy hour drink prices were great though they seemed a bit high for drinks when not happy hour.  Wish the menu had a few more selections but to me the modest menu signals everything is fresh.
5	I hadn't been feeling well, and the main courses looked like too much food, so I ordered a salad and added grilled shrimp to it. I'm not big on salad entrees, but...   It was one of the top 10 salads I've ever had in my life! Shucks! Maybe one of the top Three! My salad was Golden Beets, Goat Cheese, Strawberries, Spinach and Candied Pecans. Plus my shrimp. Every bite was delicious. Every bite had a different texture and different flavor. Even the vinaigrette was especially delicious. Our server was good. She paid attention.I'm going to eat my way through this menu.
5	Was there last Sat.- heading back this Sat. Had lobster bisque and crab cake both very good. Wife had steamed clams which she claims best ever.Clams had 22 clams on Happy hour only $7:50. Great Happy hour value. Regular menu very reasonable for seafood, most dishes under $20. You will not be disappointed. Enjoy
4	Overall good but not as impressed as I had hoped. We ordered the steamed mussels which were ok, then I had lobster Mac n cheese and my husband had a seafood broth soup. His was pretty good but mine was average. 16 dollars for this Mac n cheese and I was not impressed. Lacked some depth and flavor. We waited about 45 for our food, and they brought us bread about 50 minutes after we arrived because they ran out and were making more. We had to remind our waitress for more drinks twice, it just seemed they weren't on the ball. I would come back and order the calamari and maybe fish and chips? Wasn't bad tasted fresh ;but for the money I expected better food/service,
4	Love this place! I felt like I was at a lively shoreline restaurant because of the fresh decor and upbeat music. It's a nice, welcoming spot and a great alternative to typical Gilbert restaurants. During the day it's a family spot and in the evening, the lighting transforms this place to the perfect date night destination.Food: The food service was slow but worth the wait. The calamari was thicker than I prefer but my husband loved it but we were both in love with their clam chowder! It was rich and had tons of fresh clams. The lobster Mac n cheese and the tide roast lacked dimension but still good.I just wish they served the food at a higher temp. Everything was lukewarm but the kids' meal fries. Also would prefer different bread options. Their sour dough is really sour. I would also extend the non-alcoholic drink and desert menu. Just soda, tea, and lemonade. But if you are drinker, then you'll be in heaven.Overall great!
4	What a nice surprise...A great seafood restaurant in a Gilbert Strip Mall.  The food is fantastic, the prices were excellent for the quantity and quality of food, and the ambiance is nice.  Lucky for us, we arrived at 5:30.....Just in time for happy hour ($2.00 of drinks and most appetizers 1/2 off).  My husband ordered an Oyster Bloody Mary to drink.  It was seasoned perfectly and quite delicious, yeah I had a few sips and stole an oyster.  To eat, we shared the lobster macaroni and calamari appetizers, they were super.   There was so much lobster macaroni  (we ended up taking half the lobster mac home) that we didn't order an entree'.  Instead, we shared a third appetizer, the crab cake (we took 3/4's of this home too) and the lobster bisque.   There were large pieces of lobster in the bisque and it was really good. The crab cake was good and it was nice to have the micro greens as they added a nice peppery seasoning to the crab cake.  That being said, I didn't understand the fried avocado that was served with the crab cake.  We love avocados but that didn't work for us.   I would give this a 4 1/2 stars but the system won't let me.  I would have given 5 stars if service had been a bit better.  We had to ask for water three times and really didn't see our waitress much.  But when she did come around, she was super friendly.  I think the place just may be a bit understaffed as I didn't see many waitresses and happy hour appears to be an extremely busy time.  Here are a few other thoughts: on our second Oyster Bloody Mary, they forgot the oyster, olive, and lime for the drink and we didn't see our waitress for a while to rectify this before 1/2 of our drink was gone.  The lobster mac, while amazing, was just a smidge oily.  I found a small shell in the lobster bisque and our oyster in the bloody mary had a bit of sand on it.   All that being said, High Tide isn't a super stuffy fine dining restaurant, it is a fun place with fresh, great food.  I am looking forward to going back and trying other items.
5	I used to work at High Tide and sadly had to leave because I was moving back to NM. Ever since I left I cannot eat seafood without wishing I was eating High Tide!!! :(( I seriously wanna go back just to eat the AMAZING FRESH food!! Great place, great staff, and Amazing food!! I truly miss working there!!! (and eating) :))
2	The husband would rate this a 1, while my son and I would rate this a 4 and probably come again. We were hoping to have a fun yummy Saturday family dinner what we got was mom and son eating while dad watched. Apparently our waitress didn't put my husbands order in. Because of the mistake they offered my husband another beer or complimentary dessert. The husband declined the beer offer but was open to the dessert. My husband didn't want us to wait so he told the waitress to cancel his meal and just put in our dessert order. Check comes and we pay for dessert, I guess they didn't really mean complimentary.
5	Great food all around, and the atmosphere is fun and inviting.  We had the special, Walleye, Gumbo, Fish n Chips, and Fried Chicken and it was all fantastic.  The calimari was great too!  I'm not a huge sea food fan, but I still really liked the menu and we all had a great time. We'll be back.
4	Fresh fish flown in daily, fantastic cioppino and the best calamari I've ever had. We've been back three time and have referred the place to several friends that have dined here as well. Knocking off one star as the service is a little inconsistent, but that should improve in time. Check it out!
3	Food is AMAZING!!! Prices are fair for  the quality and quantity of what you receive!! I've spent more at Red Lobster which isn't even in the same category as this OUTSTANDING restaurant. However,....service is inconsistent. I've had GREAT,PERFECT service sitting at the bar. Sitting in the dining area twice has left me, well...wishing I had sat at the bar!This place will undoubtedly do well but I wish their hostess and servers were more on the ball!
4	This place is great! Not only is it really clean, spacious, and modern but the food and service is awesome. We loved the food and the environment. This place is our new favorite!!
5	This store is privatly owned and chef managed. 9 points just for that alone :)  To Drink: We scoured their wine cellar and found a very good quality selection. We started out with a wine tasting to select our dinner wine and they more than obliged.  Our waiter knew his wines. That is 10 points all by itself. They also have a reserve wine list !!  We drank the Oyster Bay Sav Blanc with our meal. Appetizers:  We ordered the calamari and a crab cake for appetizer. The crab cake is top notch. Well prepared and very very tasty. Almost a meal on its own! The calamari was very good but could have slightly less breading. Overall the appetizers get 10 out of 10 points. Entrees:  We ordered the salmon, medium, and pan seared cali halibut. The salmon comes with pan cooked broccolini over a bed of lemon risotto. SPOT ON DISH!!  12 points out of 10 for this salmon dish. The lemon infused risotto is heavenly. The pan seared halibut comes with leeks in the pan sauce, smashed potato infused with beet puree, and grilled asparagus. NAILED IT!!  The fish filet was so fresh and well prepared i was in shock. The asparagus was done PERFECTLY. I took a pot of the potato puree and the lemon risotto home :)  not really, but would if we could! Coming back. Money well spent. Gotta taste the immaculate desserts. Great place to eat!!!  Top notch service!!!  Thanks for a great meal :)
5	We have been to High Tide twice.  From Service to food this place is wonderful.  It is such a treat to enjoy a non-chain restaurant in Gilbert.  We will be back often!!
5	Holy butter batman.  Everything was rich and awesome.  Cream and butter ruled the meal. Classic, well prepared and super enjoyable. We'll be back for sure.
5	High Tide was a great dinning experience for me. They offered a great atmosphere, friendly staff, and the prices that weren't to high. Their food is what will be bring me back though. I got the calamari appetizer, and the fish n'chips for my meal; both were amazing. I would definitely recommend this to anyone.
5	This place was excellent! We tried the Cajun shrimp boil and the lobster Mac and Cheese. Wine selection was great and the prices were very reasonable for the quality. Service was excellent. We will be back for sure!
5	Excellent food, excellent service and excellent drinks! Good portions that leave you delightfully full. Nice atmosphere with huge oversized booths. Best place around if you care about quality.
4	My wife & I went to High Tide on a recent date night & had a great dinner.  We thoroughly enjoyed the unique preparation & love that Gilbert has a seafood restaurant of this quality.  We also enjoyed the large bar area and decent wine selection.   This is a restaurant one would expect to see in Scottsdale but were fortunate to have it in Gilbert!
4	Delicious food! The service was welcoming, friendly and attentive. We shared the high tide hot pot and it was so so so delicious. The drinks were on happy hour from 3 to 7 and they did not disappoint. If we would've had room we would've tried any of their five amazing desserts, we were way too full. I love the ambience and we will definitely be back. What a great find!
5	My wife and I went here for an afternoon date on a Sunday.  We will ABSOLUTELY be going back.  Very seldom am I wowed on a first visit.  The atmosphere was welcoming right from the get go.  Walking in the door you notice the bar and ocean decor.  We were pleasantly greeted and seated right away.  Their happy hour goes from 3-7 7 days a week.  The prices on appetizers and drinks are very reasonable.  They have a nice small selection of micobrews (2 IPA's on tap to my pleasure).  Numerous specialty drinks that did not dissapoint.  On to the food.   We had a crab cake appetizer that exceeded expectations.  It was thick and chocked full of meet.  The flavor of the crab cake by itself was great (I would suggest asking for the Aioli to be completely on the side, as it was a bit strong).  For dinner we had the High Tide Steamer pot.  All I can say is awesome!  Just the right amount of food, everything tasted and smelled super fresh.  The service was impeccable.  Our waiter was attentive and friendly, management came by to make sure everything was good.  I will definitely try sitting at the bar next time, as you can watch the steampots being made right in front of you.
5	Random seafood and a semi celebratory night brought us here.  Came way late, sat at the bar, immediately made friends with chefs, server and hostess.  All were very gracious and made us feel welcome.  Appetizer - beer clams. So good.  Not too salty even though there was pancetta in the broth.  Pickled red onions were an unexpected touch but so good.  We split the gumbo and it was great.  Their homemade hot sauce is to die for.  Overall, you probably shouldn't go here because they are gonna get so popular and i will have to make a Monday night reservation! ;)
5	Best Place Ever:) Happy hour 3-7 7 days a week! Mussels,Clams,Oysters on the half shell to die for!
5	After our second visit there, my wife and I can both say that we love this place!  No fresher seafood that I've tasted in AZ, and they have such a wonderful variety from lobster mac, fresh oysters, and great steampots.  Overall, what I love the most is the experience.  It really feels like you leave Gilbert for a bit and are transported to the coast.  It's a nice escape!  The owner Chris was extremely warm and welcoming and made our Anniversary celebration very special!  Looking forward to coming back for the Bloody Mary bar, and spending some Sundays watching football here!  Don't miss out some of the freshest seafood in the Valley, we need to keep places like this in business!
5	loved.  recently stopped in on whim for a little dinner date with my mom.  we made it in time for happy hour... so we stuck with half priced appetizers.  it was nice to hear that they do happy hour seven days a week & reverse happy hour on friday and saturday.we started with the fire lake oysters.  so clean & fresh, slightly sweet.  i'm a big fan of oysters and these were some of the best.  we also tried the steam black mussels... which i love.  the flavor was on point & we were able to soak up the broth with the fresh sour dough bread.  it was glorious.  we ordered a crab cake to split... some places really try to skimp you on crab meat but this one was perfection.  it was served with a fried avocado & micro green salad... and that aoili though... awesome.ended the night with the bread pudding.  ...the most amazing end of the meal.  get the bread pudding!unfortunately, we didn't get around to entrees.  i was stuffed.  but i will definitely be frequenting this place!  i am so happy to have somewhere close to home with quality seafood.    the service was on point... a little slower toward the end but the restaurant started getting super busy around six.  still, everyone was so friendly.  the decor is great.  it feels like you're next to some beach, some where... not in the outskirts of gilbert.  the bar is awesome... i heard a nice little rumor that they have a bloody mary bar on sunday mornings with a bacon wrapped shrimp.  i can't wait to try it out.
4	Great atmosphere, excellent service and the mussels appetizer rocked ! Definitely will be back!
5	What a fantastic experience! All meals are under $20 per person. Sit at the bar, Roger is welcoming and informative. Happy hour shouldn't be missed. Everyday 3-7
5	This place came highly recommended by my friends, we live in the neighborhood, so we gave it a try.The staff - excellent!  Extremely friendly staff, and the owners are wonderful!The atmosphere - warm and welcoming!The food - outstanding!  We had calamari (the best ever), fish tacos  (big and tasty), shrimp cocktail (my daughter loved it), and the burger for my son (his favorite).  The best of all - the "Cajun Style Shrimp Boil" - awesome!!!I called earlier in the night to inquire about the reverse happy hour, and the server remembered my name.Class place, class staff, and "World Class Food"!A+!
5	Wow. That's all I'm going to say. Roger the chef was incredibly nice to my wife and I. He recommended a few things and he was 3 for 3. Food was the best seafood we've had since we lived in NY. Everyone must go and try if you love seafood. Crab cake, lobster bisque, lobster Mac n cheese. BOMBDOTCOM
3	I try to be very fair when reviewing any restaurant. If I write something praiseful I hope the establishment will graciously accept and consider it a job well done. In turn if I have something critical to say I hope they will take an objective look at the content of my review and reflect upon the my words. I think this preamble is important whenever there are so many glowing reviews.I have had seafood from Boston down to Key West and San Francisco to San Diego. It's not to brag it's just that I've had a lot to compare with High Tides.My overall impression of the food is to put it on a par with what one might get at Red Lobster. Now before everyone who loves this restaurant thinks I am a hater let me explain. I enjoyed my meal there even though the service was mediocre at best. The menu items are much more creative then a Red Lobster for sure but the quality of the ingredients are just average. The same with the preparation.The Clam Chowder was nice enough and it's a nice touch to have a whole clam floating on the top, err, I mean sunk to the bottom. The Steamed Black Mussels were a bit mealy and the broth was very salty. Wasn't the kind that made you want to use the roll to sop it all up.The King Steam Pot was pleasant and claimed to have a Light Saffron Cream Sauce. It wasn't very "light" and tasted more of lemon then saffron.Not a place I'll be going back to unfortunately.
3	Nice restaurant. Good service. Had the lobster mac and cheese.  Lobster was sour. That to me means not fresh. I could be wrong but it wasn't my favorite. My wife had the King. Nothing to write home about eitherBottom line, nice place, nice atmosphere. Food needs help.
4	An odd place for a seafood restaurant, between a Kohl's and a Dollar Tree, but we decided to give it a try. Love the decor, it's very spacious and even though it was busy, it didn't feel crowded. Our server was very nice and attentive. We started with the lobster bisque, and I could have had 10 bowls of it. Delicious! Husband also liked it very much, and we were wishing we had ordered bowls instead of cups. We played it safe on main entrees, I had the Surf and Turf Burger and husband had the fish and chips. They were average, and I felt a bit disappointed there wasn't more crab meat on my burger. Still, we want to come back and try their steamed items, they are made fresh right at the bar. A nice little gem tucked away in a basic strip mall.
5	Fabulous service! All of the staff was very friendly from the time we walked in the door until we left. Food was fantastic! The Lobster Mac & Cheese was heavenly and the Oyster Bloody Mary was delicious!
5	Amazing service and food!! It was great portions and good prices for seafood! Great date spot.
5	Wow! A truly excellent meal. We all had the steamed pots and one had the surf and turf burger. Everything was DELICIOUS, and cooked to perfection. We were greeted by a very friendly hostess and had excellent service from our waiter. One of the owners also came out to see how everything was. Our daughter has celiac disease and the staff was educated & eager to assist with safe choices for her. The atmosphere was trendy, yet comfortable. Our family of 4 truly enjoyed our meal and will definitely be back. A true 5-star experience!!
5	Amazing soup, and service! Get the lobster bisque, it's awesome! Nice and clean, friendly staff. Highly recommend!
5	I  can not believe how good and fresh this place is. first time there i had the clam chowder and fish n chips with pistachio/sea salt carmel gelato for dessert     it was amazing!!! best i have ever had   today i went for second time and had the louisiana gumbo steam pot    can not believe how good it was  every bite got better and better- if that is even possible. i plan on eating my way thru the menu with each visit. i love that they have lunch size portions on their entrees   ( i wonder if they would consider half orders?)
5	I had a craving for oysters so my bf did some research on Yelp and saw this place. We are impressed! We luckily, dumb luck that is, came during happy hour. This was a great situation as many items are on special so we could try several dishes for a good price. We started off with the lobster bisque, this was my second time having it (first time was on the Fisherman's Wharf in SF). It was delicious with nice big chunks of lobster. Next we ordered a dozen oysters and they went so fast we barely realized how quickly we ate them. We figured someone must have stole some off our plate. They offered a variety of toppings for the oysters and all three were good. Next we moved on to the lobster Mac & Cheese. By itself it was a tad bland, but our waiter quickly told us about the house special hot sauce, this is a must!! We also had the beer steamed clams. The bread brought soaked up the broth perfectly. Finally, because I think my bf is trying to kill me via gluttony, we had the bread pudding. He said he would come back here for that alone. It was cinnamon goodness in a bowl. I have nothing but great things to say. The highlight was the service. Our waiter, Ryan, was quite attentive. He offered several good suggestions and had a great personality joking with us. We noticed that all the employees seemed happy to work here. It has a good, positive atmosphere, and the music was good too!!
4	I heard that one of my favorite local bands was going to be there; Chuckie baby and the All stars", so we decided to go and see what this B&G was all about...We received a coupon for a free order of Calamari when we walked thru the door!  AWESOME!  We found a seat and perused the menu...I ordered a Mr. Pineapple beer and my husband ordered something else - can't remember.  We placed the order for the calamari and the waiter came back for our dinner order.  I ordered crap cake and my husband ordered...Fish and chips ( i remember now).  When they brought the calamari and the dipping sauces I was pleasantly surprised to see the portion size was actually big enough for two!  When they brought the dinners my husbands fish and chips portion was enormous!  Enough for 2 all by itself!  However...my crap cakes...disappointing.  First they were very mushy and didn't have ANY chunks of crab in them and it really tasted more like a tuna patty rather than crab and it was small!  I mean if I'm going to pay $12 for something I would hope it would be worth it in both proportion and flavor...So, although I gave this 4 stars it was more because of the service and my husbands fish n chips.  If I based it solely on my crab cake it would definately get 1 star.  OH...and the band?  FABULOUS as always!
1	Service was slow, food was gross. After all the high reviews I don't know if we just had bad luck or what, but nothing was good about this place. Went for an early dinner on a Thursday. Around 5. There were only 2-3 couples in the place eating. We ordered drinks and calamari. The calamari should have a disclaimer that it isn't like what you expect. They were giant fish stick like pieces of what I would guess was squid but it tasted and chewed like rubber. It was barely edible. We order the king pot and gumbo. gumbo tasted like canned tomato soup with a few tiny shrimp and some sausage in it. It was the worst I've had. Wife's crab was good, but the rest of her dish had a funky taste. Took it home to try not to be rude since she barely touched it and dumped it in the trash. We both barely touched our food and were ready to go. Waiting brought out check and we still didn't have the drinks we ordered. We pointed this out since they were on the bill and we never got them. Instead of offering to take them off she just walks off and 10 minutes later brings us our drinks when our food is already boxed up to go. We each took a sip and then left. Would not return and of all the places in Arizona we have ate since moving here, this has been the worst experience.
4	Went to this place last week and caught their awesome happy hour. Beer selection was good, but as an avid Craft Beer drinker I could have used a few better options. The decor is cool and nestled into a strip mall in Gilbert this was not at all what I was expecting.We sat at the bar right by the steam pots and the chef working was friendly and I was really blown away by the cleanliness of the line and the overall restaurant. We got the lobster Mac and Cheese and it was great, could have used a pinch more salt but I really enjoyed it and it was huge!! We got Oysters as well to start and I could tell they were good and fresh, then we split the Cioppino  for an entree. It was really tasty, especially after adding a good scoop of their homemade hot sauce, YUM! My only complaint was that the bread served with it was bleh. It tasted old, and was a product that tasted par baked then finished in the oven. When I have a soupy Cioppino, I like a great piece of grilled bread to soak up all the yums. I cannot wait to come back for reverse happy hour and also to try more from the menu. I hope this place does well, its nice to have a great seafood spot so close to home. Overall I suggest you try it!
5	Had an excellent first experience this week at High Tides..love this place!! Greeted by a staff of very friendly people and John was so helpful with his suggestions on what to order. The seafood was delicious and I thought the Mussles in Beer were very tasty without any grit...if you're a seafood eater, you know what I mean!! Big tasty shrimp and wonderful calamari! The Lobster bisque = a party in my mouth!! The decor and cleanliness make for a beautiful environment. The prices are very reasonable and the HH was extremely reasonable! Looking forward to my next visit!!
4	Had dinner here tonight for my birthday. greeted by a friendly host and seated immediately.  Waitress came quickly and she was just great!   Ordered "the king" and it  delicious!!!!! Seafood was cooked to perfection and seasoned just right!    Generous portion so I get to enjoy it again tomorrow. My husband had the lobster bisque and loved it!   He was also very impressed with his choice of entree----one of the house specials "TideRoast" devoured every morsel!  This has become my favorite for seafood.  Will definitely be back!
5	We were reluctant to try a new place on my wife's birthday but everything about our first visit was perfect--great food, outstanding cool decor and a knowledgable waiter (Ryan) who clearly loves the restaurant. Best lobster bisque and best mac & cheese ever. Wonderful, meaty gumbo (not too spicy) and tasty cioppino (full of shrimp, oysters & clams). Outstanding bread pudding topped off the meal. We travel to the Gulf every year for our Cajun and seafood fix.  Nice to know there is great seafood in the desert no less!  We'll definitely be back.
1	Food was awful, very bland and poorly prepared. Ambience and service was ok. But this place is 1star at best.
5	If you have not been here before... You're missing out! Get the gumbo... Or the fresh salmon... Or the lobster bisque.. Or the King. .. Or the beer clams... Or the fried chicken (weird I know right? A place like this to sell fried chicken? But they do!! And it's totally awesome!!)). Heck get it all! You can't go wrong!
5	One of the best places I have been to in a long time.  Not just the fresh food the staff is the best in valley.  The seafood is flown in fresh every few days from around the globe.  If you want FRESH Seafood and the best service this is the place to visit.  The place is packed for dinner most nights some come early and enjoy some of the best fresh seafood in the valley.
5	We went for our 7 year anniversary dinner. Walking up you're not sure what you are getting as the outside is simple and clean; it looks really nice. Inside is exactly the same, very clean and simple. It is a modern take on beach/seaside decor without going tacky. It's a much bigger place on the inside than it appears on the outside. There is a nice bar and large TV screens for watching the game. I don't eat seafood so I had the fried chicken and it was really good, the green beans and potatoes were incredible. My husband had one of the sample platters on the appetizer menu. He was in heaven! On the way home he kept saying how good everything was. This is not your typical Red Lobster seafood. These are actual huge crab legs and I have never seen shrimp that big before. Since we were celebrating our anniversary they comped us a dessert. We had several choices but we chose bread pudding. It was fantastic!  Ashley, our server,  and the manager (didn't catch her name) are super sweet ladies and really made our meal so enjoyable.
4	I am a seafood monster so believe me when I say that the search for good seafood dishes that can give me a break in the kitchen is difficult.  I had the calamari which I try everywhere in order to catch a possible good one.  Over the years I have been impressed only a few times.  This one is quite good.  you can taste the flavor and meat of the squid very much.  The season is bold.  I had the Ciopino which was also very tasteful wanted more crawfish but still done right. Gumbo is pretty good. Lemonade needed to be made fresh but not a deal breaker. Very nice customer service and nice clean restaurant which is very important to me.  Yay
5	First time here and it did not disappoint!   I had the mussels and my husband had a steam pot.  Both were delicious!   Customer service was excellent!   Very personable and attentive staff.
5	Great food!! Happy hour is very affordable and has superusers that are easy to fill up on.. Service is excellent!! The friendly wait staff work as a team to make you feel well taken care of
5	I have waiting for a good seafood place in AZ and I've finally found it! This place is the real deal. The fish is FRESH and delicious. The ambiance is wonderful as well. They had a singer on Thursday night who was terrific. One last thing, the service is the best!!!! They are training people so well and it shows. Total professionals. Looking forward to returning soon!
5	Steam Pots!The boys had the Cioppino, she had the tide and I had the king. Each one was bursting with flavor and fish and all the good stuff. It was absolutely delicious and the boys loved it. The atmosphere is casual but nice, I want more. Next time, no kids haha.We had a great meal and a fun time. Highly recommended! Thanks
3	Portions are small for the price. Service was way slow. Good beer list, both on tap and bottles. Spent $75 on two of us. Oysters were good quality, as was all the seafood. Just not good enough to come back.
2	I have eaten here twice, once for dinner and the other time to watch football on a Sunday morning. On Sunday they had all the NFL games on which was a plus. We had planned to go to a sports bar across the street but the place was packed and it was going to be 45 minutes for a table.I think the food at high tide is average but expensive for the area. Service is very good. Both times I have been at High Tide, they had more employees than customers. Beers are much higher priced than other bars in the area. The interior is nice with a sort of industrial look.
2	After reading the reviews and the amount of stars it had I was excited to try it. I was pretty disappointed. The menu didn't seem to have much it kinda felt stumped on a few entrees. The service was slow and it wasn't even busy. We went on a Sunday afternoon it was not busy at all, yet the service very slow
5	This is the best seafood place around for the money. We made happy hour and sat at the bar for 1/2 price appetizers and 1/2 price well drinks. These were the best and strongest happy hour drinks I've ever had and $4. We sat at a booth, I had the seafood steampot and my husband had the cioppino. Both were delicious meals. I used to get a steampot over at a restaurant in Scottsdale that has now disappeared. You must taste this food, delicious!!!
5	We have gone to High Tide twice and enjoyed everything both times. Service is very friendly and knowledgable, food is very fresh.
3	I found the term "steam pot" to be misleading. It is served in a small bowl, not a pot, and it is mostly pasta with a decent amount of fish and a very small amount of the more expensive seafood. My steam pot had salmon, and I did not care for it. However, I did find the small amount of seafood that was in the steam pot to be of quality. The staff was very friendly. I might try eating here again, but would likely go for happy hour or lunch instead of dinner.
5	Best reverse Happy Hour in the east valley.
2	Well, I wish I could say the service has gotten better. Tonight, we were out for a nice dinner, ordered drinks, an app and dinner. Got drinks an app and a 45 minute wait for cold salmon and risotto. They comped BOTH cold dinners (the special came out stone cold too), but the app and drinks were on us. Rightly so, but still. If we ever come back, it'll be be steam pot meals only...but I'm super hesitant to spend my money here again.
3	mmm...well went for restaurant week....they say its always that busy on the weekends....I'll give um kudos for trying....I think the steam pots make the food sort of bland or maybe its the stock/sauce....some sauces thin some sludge like...wine and beer concept look nice.....the bread should be a killer sourdough not the nothing rolls they serve...not sure what else to say.....stuck in the middle
4	This place is amazing!  Chuck E. Baby was playing, beer was cold and food was awesome!!!
2	Sorry but I was not impressed. The Crab macaroni n cheese was delicious, and that's it. Everything else was average. I would still have given this place a 3 Stars, however the service was awful. The hostess assured us that she'd come get us while we went the the Bar and ordered some appetizers, an hour and half later, we just left after eating uncomfortably on the high chairs.
5	I'm breaking my no review policy, because this place is just that good. I have eaten here multiple times now and I can say hands down the freshest seafood that I have had in a long time. And it's in the middle of the desert Gilbert AZ.Ciopino is out of this world! Shrimp po boy was amazing. Halibut sandwich at lunch was huge. And last but not least the fish and chips were on point!Oyster selection is forever rotating and it is always super fresh and tasty varieties. Ha went had a bad oyster yet there and I have put down a few dozen.
5	I travel the country and these people take pride in the fare they serve. A must stop,good happy hour live music and awesome Food!
5	This was an excellent find for my wife and I on yelp.   It is not the type of restaurant that you would expect to find in a strip mall let alone in Arizona.  The fish/seafood is all very fresh(same day and no farm fish)and full of flavor.   The service was outstanding and we were seated quickly after making a short stop at the bar.   The atmosphere is fun yet a classy feel to it.   This is by far one of my new favorite restaurants in Arizona.
1	Yelp's restaurant timings is incorrect. We went on a Saturday night at 10pm assuming it is open till 12 (as mentioned on yelp). The person there said they have only half of appetizers menu and nothing else!!Please call them before going here.
2	I was sadly disappointed.  Great service when I walked in. We were seated within minutes. Unfortunately, after that it went south. Server did not know the food being serves. She had to refer to her notes and her descriptions of the oysters were 100% wrong. I ordered a dozen 1/2 shelled oysters and they were the saddest little metallic tasting things I've ever come across.  We also ordered  The King which is a creamy pasta with  bits of fish and sea nuggets and one crab leg.  It was only OK. We also ordered the mussels but were disappointed in how SALTY it was. No one in the kitchen or their staff must be tasting the food. I guess I'm thinking there's a trained cook in the back when in reality there isn't?  The manager was kind and offered us bread pudding on the house but we still walked away wishing we were served better tasting dinner.
2	We were pretty excited when we first went to High Tide because of the recommendations on Yelp! Other than Ryu sushi that sits across the parking lot from High Tide, there isn't much in the way of really good seafood locally. The restaurant looks great and is adorned with high class appointments and a cool raw bar, but that was about where my attraction to High Tide ended. The shrimp cocktail that came out clearly was a couple days old. When the shrimp starts to turn brown/grey at the ends, it's best not to serve it. The waitress kept forgetting portions of the order and when the food did come out, it hardly resembled the high cost of the meal. At the end of the day, if you are looking for a high end sea food experience, unfortunately you'll have to look elsewhere.
5	Spectacular food, service, ambiance! This place is truly a home run.  If you use yelp for a price point please ignore this menu. All of the appetizers, which are actually meals, are 25-50% off during a Happy Hour!We had a shrimp cocktail and large bowl of creamy lobster bisque to start off with.  For our meals my husband tried a steam pot boil  and I had the crab cake.  Everything was delicious, but the lobster bisque won my heart! My hubby had a couple local 16oz craft porters as well.  $60.00 was our bill!!!4 meals + 2 crafts I'll say that's pretty impressive. Keep up the great work! Not only will we be back, but you've hooked us.  We will tell anyone who'll listen.Your new regulars, Jolie and Chip
5	Love this place. It was the best seafood in the Phoenix area . I had the seafood soup. Was there for lunch but heard the happy hour was amazing. Atmosphere was very classy and the service was great.
5	Very nice and clean store. Crab cake was excellent as was the jumbo shrimp cocktail.  I had the fried chicken and it was great. The garlic beans were delicious. My wife had the fish and chips and she really liked them. The kids had the cheeseburgers and they thought they were excellent. We arrived there at 4 on a Saturday and we found lots or room in the place. By 530 it was packed. I can see why, we really enjoyed our visit. All the staff were friendly and the managers/owners came by several times to check in.  It was a nice experience and the price for what you received was right on.
5	Tried this place while waiting for my iPhone to get fixed. Holy moly! Awesome food! We had the lobster bisque and calamari and I can definitely say that it was one of the best lunches I have had in a long time! We will be back!
5	Highly recommend High Tide. Amazing and fresh dishes, great service, and frequent live music. Will come back again and again.
4	Real home cooking, seafood excellent, atmosphere restaurant / bar. The lobster roll (large pieces of lobster in a brioche) was tested urgently. A great place in West Village.
4	So good. Seriously. Came here last night for my boyfriends birthday because he loves seafood, unfortunately I'm allergic to most. He loved everything. I had the chicken and it was to die for. Weird part was the lighting, super bright cafeteria feel to the place... Could definitely benefit from some dimmer lights for a more sophisticated feel.
1	Waited at the bar for a seat just to find out when we go to sit down that it is not open seating so we dropped to the bottom of the wait list who does that every bar I know has open seating
5	Really good.  My wife is from Seattle so she rarely wants to go for seafood in AZ but friends told us High Tide was good so we tried it.  Huge portions (fish and chips, shrimp cocktail, crab cake, calamari).  Priced very well (especially in happy hour), Jenny was out server she was very friendly and engaging.  The owner was walking around checking on customers and knew many, this is a really nice touch we enjoyed talking with him and could tell he is passionate about his business,  customers and employees.  We will definitely be back.
5	We love High Tide.  Great food, people and the ambiance is tops.  I love the Lobster Mac and Cheese, fresh fish and the specials.  Happy hour is so much fun -- actually anytime at High Tide is enjoyableYou can see that the owners - Chris and Kim really care about customers, the staff and promote a top shelf experience.We love High Tide.  Thanks team!!!
3	slow service and you'd better order the soup, because everything else arrives so oversauced and overdressed it might as well be soup.
5	Phenomenal! I've eaten several things off the menu and haven't tried anything that was not amazing yet. My favorites are the Tide Roast, Lobster Bisque, Gumbo, Lobster Mac and Cheese, Scallops, Ahi, and Skuna Bay Salmon. The service is like you're being hosted by friends in their living room, comfortable, inviting and warm. We always have a good time and leave happy and satisfied. The staff has always been very informative on the menu. Reservations are a good idea on the weekends and no matter what, be sure to save room for bread pudding! It's to die for!
4	It's cold outside, and when it's cold I crave soup.  So I came here for a lunch break to try the Clam Chowder. As I arrived I was seated right away, and ordered the soup and a side of sour dough bread. It came out within 5 minutes after placing the order. The soup came steaming hot with two clams on the top. The soup itself had tons of clam meat and other diced up veggies. The flavor overall was good but it was a little saltier then how I would like it. Even though it was slilghtly salty to my taste, it definitely hit the spot and satisfied my craving. The rolls where pretty spot on for sour dough. The service was very attentive.
5	Sitting at the bar and as expected, LOVED IT! Business has certainly  INCREASED. Seating only at the bar with a 20 min.wait for dining room, at 8pm on a Tuesday!
5	Very impressed with the seafood and the service!  Everything was amazing from the fried calamari to the lobster Mac n cheese to the salmon. And huge portions! Who knew such fine dining was in a Gilbert strip mall?! I will spread the word about this joint!
4	A bit on the pricey-side, but worth it. Tasty food, well presented. Friendly staff. Prompt service. Good craft beer selection (try the Lefthand Milk Stout).Pro-tip: This place is popular, and can get busy. If you don't have a reservation, expect to wait 30 minutes or more.
4	One of a kind place here in the valley.  The gumbo is awesome; large portions and great to share.
