5	The mid to late 70's were an important time in my life for me musically.  It is the time in my life when my divorced, Jewish Father was in control of the tape player in out Toyota Celica.  At the time, I would roll my eyes back in my head dying for having to listen to Barry Manilow over and over.  Now, 20- 25 years, I LOVE to hear those songs!!!!!We were supposed to see Barry on Thursday but he canceled due to illness.  We traded our seats for some on Friday and he played!!!  He was clearly sick and missed some notes but then was funny about it,.  He is such a great entertainer!  He does write the songs that the whole world has sung at least once.  He deserves and extra star for singing when he is sick.  A great show!!!!
5	Excellent!  I had pretty good seats so it was pretty pricey but I took my mom and it was a blast.  Barry is doing pretty darn well!  He puts on a a terrific show - lots of energy, great songs, great stories.  He did not play "Weekend in New England" (one friend asked me about this) but he did play all of "Tryin' to Get the Feeling" which made another friend almost ill with envy.  I took my mom as an early birthday gift but I am pretty sure I enjoyed it more than she did.  Barry is fantastic - this was so much fun!  I highly recommend it for all Fanilows and even for those who don't admit that they like Barry.
5	I went with my Mom last year and an amazing thing happened.  I forgot how much I loved Barry Manilow!   We had a blast!   If you ever liked Barry... Even if it's been years... Just go!   We splurged for the 5th row seats.   As stated here before... Not cheap but I looked up at the people in the balcony and they looked like they were having just as good a time.   So really anywhere you sit is probably great.   Everybody gets a glowstick (and optional feather boa!) upon entry.  How FUN!!!
5	Im not the biggest fan of manilow but I do have some of his songs on my ipod. Coming with the family was cool because all of us could enjoy doing something together. I don't really do that nowadays since i'm older and do my own thing. So we got these $105 rear row tickets for only 65 bucks at tickets for tonight. Score! Before the show starts the theater staff moves the entire 2 back rows into vacant midsection rows. Double score!With good seats we are all really juiced. The show runs 20 mins late but we don't care. They have a bar adjacent to the theater with reasonable prices and plastic cups that have built in lights. This concert is about the ultimate manilow album. Its basically a greatest hits album with some cover songs thrown in for good measure. All his hits are there, mandy, looks like we made it, copa cabanna etc. His band and backup singers really help his songs come together. I wouldn't mind seeing it again.
5	is there six-stars?Wow, i never thought Id see one of my favorites, big time. I looooove his songs and I think he sang all three of my faves. I cant believe he got me screaming @ my seat i dont care. plus points= we got to move at the back row of the front seats. oh what a night. Unremarkable experience it is. The waiting in line and the waiting of their delay, was all worth it. I wasnt really familiar with those 40's to 70's but they were all good songs. One thing i like with his collection of songs is that he sings from the heart. Oh i just loved it.
4	ahhhhhhh Barry Manilow...we got tix last minute 6th row and what a great time  He puts on an incredible show and sounds just as amazing as he did back in the 70's when his songs meant so much to me.  Good times, good times.
4	Having gotten free tickets to Barry Manilow(courtesy of the Las Vegas Hilton), I decided to go watch the show with some friends.  Mind you, we are in our young 30's and I had no idea on what songs he sang except for Copacabana.  Well, the bartender was great when we were getting our drinks.  He was funny and sarcastic, qualities that we like in a bartender.  I sat down and the show started.  Barry Manilow has a great voice....I started recognizing some songs of his not knowing that he sang them.  All in all a very good show...If I wasn't operating on 2 hours sleep from my gambling, I might have thought the show was excellent.  However, when you are dozing in and out during his singing of Mandy, I must have been tired.
1	1-Star for blowing us off this past weekend!!Sis & I were really excited to come see Barry Manilow & timed it perfectly w/ a Marketing Seminar she had at the Hilton....how could planets have lined up any better?!Knowing Hilton is hell-and-gone from any other Casino / Hotel, we elected to have a mediocre dinner at 1 of their restaurants so we could make the show in timeWalk up 10 min before showtime to be told that he had cancelled w/ no reason as to why..... HOW long did you know about this?!  WHERE was the Ticketmaster announcement?  WHY were Hilton Room Holders not notified earlier?!I also read that a bunch of June dates will be cancelled as well - hope you at least have the decency to notify your patrons before they get all the way out to VegasAnd so what if I get the ticket fee refunded....that doesn't include service charges I have to eatSo 1 Star for preventing us from having a decent meal & for not telling us about your cancellation & forcing us to have to scramble for something to do, waaaaay past last minute, on a Saturday night.....we could have planned our evening better had we known earlier!!Not cool!
5	I never saw the show but went into the store.  OMG so many ridiculous Barry Manilow products....chapsticks, energy drinks, sodas, wines, shirts, pjs, journals, etc...  I never knew that his fanbase was sooooo big!5 stars for the extreme amount of kitsch and the awesome Allegro energy drink.  Well maybe not for the drink itself but for the image on the bottle.Also the guy working the register was extremely funny.
1	We had a tickets to see Barry Manilow on Saturday, October 16, 2010.  We drove from Los Angeles to Las Vegas only to get to the theater and have them tell us that the show was cancelled, with no explanation as to why.  We were told that we would get a refund, and I'm sure we will, but this whole experience was extremely disappointing.  We won't stay at Paris Las Vegas or attend any shows there ever again.
4	I have seen Manilow at Paris two times now, and I really enjoy the show.  This new show, compared to the one at the Las Vegas Hilton, is a much better show.  Much of the music is the same.  He sings his standards and usually throws in one or two different numbers with different show incarnations.What I like about the Paris show is the production.  There are several high definition screens that display works of art, pictures of New York City, and some psychedelic-like art at the end of the show.  The panels add a beauty and class to the show that raises it above what it was at the Hilton. The 9 piece band and 4 back up singers are all very good, and the show moves along with a good pace.The 3 friends of mine and I really enjoyed tonight's show.  I recommend it highly.Photos are allowed during the show which is different from most shows.
2	We got free tickets tonight to see Barry Manilow through a seat filler web site. Neither of us are huge Manilow fan, but I was looking forward to the concert.It didn't start out too great. I was thirsty so I bought a water which was $4 for a small 8 oz. bottle. Hardly a great deal but I can't complain too much as that was the sum total I paid for our night out at the concert.When the concert started my wife and I just kind of looked at each other and grinned/shook our heads. We weren't sure what we'd gotten ourselves into, but the first song or two were NOT good. I told my wife it would/should get better.Fortunately it did. The songs got better and more familiar as the night progressed. As Christmas is approaching he also threw in several holiday songs.The singing was interspersed with audio and video of his younger years. My favorite part was when he played a record his grandpa recorded of him when he was four. He had quite a voice back then. Now his voice is showing sings of his age and at times sounds more like he's talking than singing. His body is also showing signs of aging, as he gingerly moved about the stage.Overall, we had a good time. However, I don't think I'd pay to see the show.
5	I went to see Barry Manilow while staying in Vegas. I'm 22, and was the youngest one there.  Despite that, I had an amazing time. :] I think the following letter can sum it all up.Dear Mr. Manilow,Thank you for making my 15 year dream come true.  At the age of 7, I watched a PBS special showing your New Years Eve concert.  I had grown up with your music and loved it, but seeing you perform made me think - wow, one day, I want to see him in concert.  It was one of those things that you would put on your bucket list.  I wanted to put it on mine, but quite frankly, I was afraid you would croak before I had the opportunity, so I decided not to risk it. When my aunt told me she got me tickets for the show, I was ecstatic! I would finally be seeing you in concert! AFTER ALL THESE YEARS! I had been warned that you were no longer as...uh...limber as you were when I watched you on television, but believe me, you've still got it. ;] All in all, thank you for making my dream come true.  If you don't believe me, you can ask anyone on fb or twitter.  My status all day was: "@jaymielynn39 got a hot date with barry tonight. oh mr. manilow, you can copa my cabana anytime. ;]"Your youngest and oldest fanilow,Jaymie Lynn Santiago
4	I know I shouldn't be surprised that I enjoyed this show so much.  After all, Barry Manilow has been performing for decades and sold millions of albums.  And you don't get fans calling themselves "Fanilows," unless you're something special.  But I went to see this show out of curiousity, more than anything else.And in the beginning, I didn't really get it.  When Barry came out on stage, the older ladies in the front rows (and there were a lot of them) went crazy.  You could see them visibly shaking and crying and I couldn't understand why.  All I could do was cringe as I watched this man try to dance.Now here's the thing and I don't mean to be mean... Barry Manilow might be the worst dancer on the planet.  It doesn't make sense to me, because he's dancing to songs that he wrote.  I would expect him to look out of place at a nightclub.  But you would think he would be able to move to the rhythm that he created!  He can't.  And for a while, it was uncomfortable to watch.  But Barry has a power.  Within minutes, he had me and my husband hooked.  He tells stories between songs, and he's very engaging.  He shows video clips, and it's fun to see how the clothes and the hair has changed throughout the years.  And of course, there are so many songs that you will recognize and know the words to... even if you are not a "Fanilow."But I have to say, I might be one now.  I know for sure that I will take my mother to see the show the next time she's in town.  I just hope that she doesn't start crying, because I still don't understand that.
5	I have not seen BM at The Paris but did get the privilege of seeing him 4 times at LV Hilton.I have always been a fan of BM but had not ever seen him in concert.  When a friend and I were in Vegas I decided we were going to go see BM. This did not make my friend happy since she had never been a fan and was and is a rocker.Like I said before I had never seen BM before in concert and didn't know what to expect. I was thinking it was going to be a cute little show with him behind the piano and that would be that....boy was I in for a shock.This was a full blown spectacle to say the least. Not only did he NOT spend much time behind the piano but he was all over the stage blowing my mind. I was in shock!! This is probably the best show I had ever been too. The show itself was off the hook but more importantly he sounded superb. And here is the real shocker my friend LOVED the show. She was just as shocked as I was and now has a new respect for Barry and his show. She isn't running out buying all his CD's and stuff now but whenever we are in LV she gladly goes to the show with me and has even seen him with me here in Seattle.I highly recommend this show.
4	I will start off stating that we have seen Cher and Bette Midler and were very disappointed that those were more production than concert so we did not know what to expect which we did not enjoy or or enjoy spending so much money on. That being said we were very pleased with this concert.  I received a pair of tickets for the show and we decided to go.  We were only 4 rows back on the right orchestra section and were really close to Barry.  Those in the first rows in the middle were the die hard Manilow fans and you could see it.  It was quite humorous at times how into him they were.  That being said I would suggest if you can't get the first couple of row, sit 10-15 rows back so those die hards don't block your view. He performed for an hour and twenty minutes straight.  They had 1-2 minute breaks to set up the stage behind the curtain but they show clips and interesting pictures.  He sang his classics and capped off the show with his most popular pieces.  The band and back up singers were very good and made the show feel like a great production.This concert is recommended for anyone who likes Barry Manilow and have the opportunity to see him in Las Vegas.  He seemed to be having fun and catered to the audience.  He was a little stiff, but is getting old!  Good job Barry!
5	Fourth times a charm. I'm officially a Fanilow. I have had the privilege of seeing Barry Manilow four times now, twice at the Las Vegas Hilton and twice at Paris Las Vegas. If you like Barry, you'll like this show. I saw the preview performances at Paris and I have noticed quite a few changes (for the better) in the show. They have been able to intersperse all of his classics alongside some of his newer material quite effortlessly. Everything is fantastic in this show. I have seen the evolution and am so happy to see all the positive changes. Get ready to wave your glowstick and dance in your chair.
5	Worth it! Definitely worth it! I grew up listening to Barry Manilow since my parents loved(and still do) his music. My mom has been longing to see his performance and was so excited to see it with the whole family. Well, that day finally arrived and it was awesome! The tickets did not come cheap, we spent around 70 bucks per person and there were 8 of us. Anyway the Paris theater is pretty small so we were able to see Barry pretty well. He performed a lot of his greatest hits and he did a few solos on the piano. The great part about it was that every time we thought the show was over and he was saying his thanks, he would pump up the audience and sing some more! It was a lot of fun! I would definitely see it again!FYI: They have a bar outside the theater so you can get some drinks while you enjoy the show but they do not have a snack bar. Im mentioning this because I was told otherwise. :)
4	I went and saw Barry when he was over at the Hilton, but I've heard his show is still the same over at Paris.I am not a "Fanilow" and can I say "WOW"!  Barry put on a fantastic show.  I got free tickets to go see him, and I almost didn't go.  I thought he would be boring and have a much older feel to his performance.  I'm SO glad I went though.  The crowd loved him, and he definitely loves to make the crowd smile.  His voice sounded great, and he was so adorable and entertaining.There are some funny Fanilows too...you know, the screaming ladies that bought tickets right at the stage so they could see him up close...and then there is the closet Fanilow that goes to the show to let it all out.  At some points I found myself watching the audience more bc they were cracking me up!  Once guy was dancing and singing his heart out...he was great!Overall, I give this show 4 stars...and as you can see from his ratings he is worth the trip to see him hands down!
5	I have loved Barry since I was 8 years old and I would listen to him with my mom who has always been a big fan. I have to say that I am probably one of the biggest Fanilows there is, and it has always been my dream to see him in Vegas! I have been very fortunate to have seen him over 30 times  ( I lost count) throughout my life and I am always in awe of him! I love his passion for his music and for his fans cause he truly cares for all of them! I just love him!!!!  Well,my dream came true last week when I finally got the opportunity to see him! He was unbelievable as always! The theater at Paris is a little smaller and there is not a bad seat, which suited me just fine cause I was able to see him really well!! I loved this show and can't wait to see it again and again! Barry,I love you and I always will!
4	7/02/11I never thought that I would have seen Barry Manilow in person. Never-ever. I'm 23 and my exposure to him has been limited to the copacabana song and images of him wearing sparkling 70's disco outfits. I went to the show last night with my girlfriend and we both were completely entertained. Barry has GREAT stage presence and started off the show with a bang. The production value at the venue (high def TV's, nice band, dancers, lighting) was excellent. The show had 3 distinct "acts" with the middle the weakest, however this is understandable and I don't find fault with it. The finale tied everything together and made us walk out with huge grins on our faces humming to the songs (maybe the double crown and ginger ale's helped.)Overall I was impressed. I would recommend this show to anyone, even people that don't know his music. 4/5.
3	I don't know if I can say I'm a fan, but I like his classics.I would never pay $100 to see his show, but I scored 2 free tickets and   took my mom who has always wanted to see him (she probably would've given the show 4 stars, after some minor complaints about lights and sound).The theater is small, so I doubt there's a bad seat in the house. Drink prices and souvenirs are pretty typical for a Vegas show.The show started off slow, I think he was lipsyncing and it was noticable at least for the first song. The vocals needed to be turned up a bit, which was fixed after a few songs in. The back up band and dancers were fun. Once Barry got into more recognizable songs, the show was awesome, you couldn't help but sing along and get out of your seat. The theater usher near our seats was a bit anal, I think the guy in front of us was texting, and she came over and gave him a ear full. And if your in the front row, don't get too far from your seat or she'll pull out the whip.
3	this is a review for the show, not Barry Manilow....since he was a no show. seated a few minutes before the show, announcement "the show is canceled, your tickets will be refunded by whatever method you purchased, good night"  really??? we and everyone around sat for about 5 mins waiting for someone to yell "just kidding" no they were not kidding. apparantly this it is not that unusual for the show to be canceled. about 1200 of us planned this for their evening, now too late to do anything else. will not give this show another try. very disappointed in how it was handled. without being unsensitive to mr. manilow or whatever the situation was, we did our part....we paid our money and showed up. at least somone could have come out and talked with us instead of the "chicken" announcement over the pa....or maybe they tried that in the past and found it didnt work out. but hey, didnt go home empty handed....still have two unused red glow sticks....okay, upgraded from one star to three. went back and actually saw the show this time. the guy gives it his all. great show, great performance, great performer and this time we got to use the glow sticks. i wish he would slow his schedule so he could make more shows. even with how great the show was i am still only moving up to three stars because of how many shows get cancelled. i you are one of the lucky ones you will see a GREAT show. if not hopefully you still enjoy your trip.
5	LOVE him!!!
3	Barry is definitely showing his age, it was almost hard for me to watch some parts of the show when he danced. Overall it was entertaining, my mom is a big fan so I grew up hearing his music. I am only 26 and I think I was definitely one of the youngest people in the crowd.
4	To be honest, I'm not much of a Barry Manilow fan, but we scored some free tickets and decided we might as well put them to good use. Everyone is given glow sticks to use during the show. We  cracked ours open once we got in and waved them in the air during some of the songs. The audience was very full of energy when we went and a lot of them were singing along or even dancing. The show was very lively with lots of lights, dancing, and even short home video clips of Manilow when he was a kid, which I thought were pretty cute. It's pretty crazy how they were able to preserve all the clips in mint condition. Overall, I probably wouldn't see this show again just because I'm not much of a Manilow fan, but I did appreciate the good quality of the show. The lighting and sound were perfect, the glow sticks allowed for the audience to be interactive, and Manilow himself had a great stage presence. I don't think there is a bad seat in the house either. We were pretty far back, but I still saw everything very clearly.
4	Yes, I have seen Barry Manilow more than half a dozen times. No, I am not ashamed to admit it. It is unfortunate that this show is no longer in this theatre (I don't think its replacement: Jersey Boys is as good; SEE review) and hopefully Mssr. Manilow can return to Las Vegas to another property in the near future. All of his sets were initially the same, until he released his latest studio record, when he switched a few songs out of the established setlist and started doing two or three new songs a night. Definitely a show worth going to, if it ever comes back, or is on tour at a city near you. - E
4	Saw Mr. Manilow toward the end of his performance at the Paris Hotel & Casino.Wonderful show and personality.Can tell he is getting a bit old, moving a bit slower. But still a good show.
