5	I want to say thank you to all the great people at Sit Means Sit dog training. We adopted a Pit Bull just over 1 yr ago from Animal Control. He did not walk on a leash well, so we went through PetSmart Training (beginning, Intermediate & Advanced) and he was good INSIDE of a store, but outside he was still a bit of a handful at times. That is when I found Sit Means Sit. A few months later and I can walk him off leash with complete confidence that I have control at all times. The classes are convenient to fit anyone's schedule and the trainers are very experienced. Now our Pit Bull has passed his Therapy Dog tests and we are so proud of our Oggie. We take him everywhere with us and people are so impressed with how well trained he is. He is the perfect companion. And anytime we want a refresher, we can just show up for class! I would HIGHLY recommend Sit Means Sit to anyone with a dog. A well trained dog makes a happy dog... and happy owners!
5	These classes have really been great! Our young golden doodle was totally out of control but the commands they teach have brought him under control. Buster has become a joy to have around.
5	Toni is awesome!  You will have off leash control in no time!  Get her free demonstration first to see for yourself.  Well worth it.
5	I have known the Sit Means Sit staff for probably 15 years.  Toni and Elsa are very capable dog handlers who have taken some of the worst dogs on, and patiently work with both the dogs (and the owners)... It says a lot that the same staff has been there for so long.  I have been to the Monday and Wednesday Night classes and also to the Saturday Morning ones.  I have also been to some of the dock diving, agility and other dog events including the one in Las Vegas.  They take their dogs and their training very seriously, and i do not think you will regret in any fashion having used them.
5	Toni Drugmand and her crew helped me with my reactive border collie when other trainers refused to help.  I struggled for over a year with my dog.  I met Toni and within a few months of attending classes and following her protocol we were seeing success.  Now I have an attentive canine companion who is successful in agility, treibball, disc, and swimming.  Toni is positive, firm, and consistent who is a successful trainer,
5	I had a dog that was excellent in agility, but wanted to go after other dogs at the fence and on the field.   Also, I was a difficult client because my time to take classes got less and less.   However, my dog is now doing great.   He can go into the agility ring and ignore the other dogs.   I mean he is really focused on me.  He is doing some companion dog work and did his long sit and down with other dogs several feet away and behaved like a gentleman.   All this started with  my Sit Means Sit class.   Toni was great with Sam and I think it was well worth the time and money.  Can't wait to get back (Snowbird)  and take the advanced class.
5	Toni has been a god send with a very reactive dog that I had.  We worked hard, did the training and the investment of time, but Toni was the one that was able to talk me through my options.  She is invested in her commitment to what she does and is amazing in how she works with these dogs.  I have referred several other people to her that have been very happy.
