1	The sushi was not very authentic, this is the first time I have actually had lettuce in a roll. Gyoza dipping sauce was good, garlic edamame was really eel sauce maybe teriyaki sauce with minced garlic from a jar. I put in a request for a crunch roll and received a spicy salmon roll with tempura flake. Miso soup was good, hot and sour was not very spicy, tasted very watered down. Grilled chicken w/ rice was ok. Don't be discouraged if this is your first visit to a revolving sushi bar, there are others(TEHARU) that are very good. Selections were limited.
1	I have been to a few other revolving sushi bars and I will have to say this place has a lot to learn about doing business. It took about 15 mins just to get our drink order (water) and the place wasn't to busy. The selection of food on the belt was very slim and looked as if it been sitting fir a while. I was a little unhappy after I found out it was cheaper to purchase the gyoza from the menu then (6pcs for 2.00, instead of 3 pcs for the grand opening every plate 2.00 off the belt).   I tried the mango shrimp roll and the mango wasn't even ripe.  We had a lot of uneaten food as the taste and quality was poor. I know for sure I will not be returning to this place.
1	This location just opened within the last month.The location is new and very clean. We went there about 4:30.  They were running a special, all plates $2.00. Was very concerned that there were many dishes on the belt and not many people in the restaurant.  Also concerned that they were not marking the time on the cards so you can determine how long the dish had been running around on the belt. There were some dishes that clearly did not look like they were fresh.  When avocado is turning brown, that might be an indication??  And when we asked the server why they were not marking the cards, his only response was, "They are supposed to be."We had a couple of plates that were questionable.  Ended up limiting ourselves to the dishes that came around that the chef just prepared or we saw were just set out. Overall, this was not a very good sushi experience.  For someone that is experiencing sushi for the first time, this might be their last two.  I agree with one other reviewer..  There are other good conveyor belt type of places.  Don't be discouraged if this was your first experience.  Probably will not return. This place made a horrible impression...!!!
3	Ok...so your thinking that this is just another average review.  I say "NO!"  this is a challenge to a very needed restaurant in Gilbert.  Sushi that drives by your table on a continuos basis is very under-rated.  Please don't judge until you have experienced it.  Ahi Revolving Sushi has occupied the space of a previously failed Japanese restaurant and done their best to present a business model that could succeed.  However, there are some glaring observations that I feel will only lead to failure.  They are as follows:1. Secure a Liquore license prior to opening.  Even LDS business owners know this rule2. Don't scare your patrons away with life sucking fluorescent lights in your dining room.3. Sushi restaurants need to serve things like " Sake Bombers"  see number 14. Don't hang unlit fluorescent lights like you are threatening patrons that you could suck more life out of you if you wanted to.  see number 2.The truth:  good Sushi, good prices, good service....Scary environment, my eyes hurt, oh God
2	Checked out Ahi even after reading reviews to see if the reviews were spot on. The service staff is slow at getting the water out. The wasabi is from a tube squeezed out and the portion was uneven to what I had gotten and my wife's.There was a promo running all plates were 2 dollars. The selection was decent but the quality was subpar,  the basic California rolls were gross. The rice seem very hard. They had some unusual rolls like banana tempura,  rolls with lettuce. Best roll there was their explosion and Ahi roll. The quality for the price is in consistent. Some rolls seem to be good value as other rolls were not. They had items like jello for 2 bucks which is a rip off. We also got dessert,  3 flavors of mochi. Ice cream for 2 bucks each too. Once again a rip off. It's 2 bucks for 1 ice cream with a little whip cream and chocolate syrup. And the place was insanely lit up I felt like I was dining inside a Walmart with there 100 fluorescent lights.We won't be returning to this establishment again. There are 2 other ones much better in this area.
1	New restaurant near the theater we frequent often. We decided to give the revolving sushi place a chance. We went there for dinner tonight and honestly will never go back. We were seated promptly and the service staff was good about getting us our beverages. I was not really bothered by the lights that other reviewers mentioned. The food was awful. The only item that tasted fresh was the salmon nigiri, maybe because my fiance kept getting it and they had to replace it on the belt. The squid salad was the worst I have had in my life. The seaweed salad was not much better. It was obvious that the food was not fresh. We had some rolls that were usually served warm, by the time it made its rounds around the place, it tasted funny. I recommend you skip this place, I would be surprised if they are still in business in 6 months.
4	think they must have made some improvements. Its hilarious reading these reviews...wasabi portion uneven, not 5 star food quality, lighting and hip feel is annoying...really people!!!...Ambiance: The settings is different and somewhat cool futuristic design. Really like that it its something different from your normal decor. The revolver goes around most of the tables which makes for great entertainment for kids and adults to just focus on. Food: Its funny that people complain about the food here, its not going to be 5 star. Revolving sushi bars are never high quality. The sushi has been better tasting then other sushi places that I spent 3 to 5 times as much for even more sub par quality. In the 30 minutes I did see them change out some of the plates moving around.  Anyway I had various dishes, started with Miso soup = good, ahi tuna roll, unagi, abacore, spicy tuna...yep had to try different ones...but over all only thing I would complain about is a little to much sauce on the sushi. Wife had the calamari, it was ok...calamari sauce was a bit sweet and looked more chicken fingerish then the regular batter that goes on it.Service - Excellent: Promptly seated, asked for water, waitress even asked if I wanted a lemon in my water...which I constantly have to ask but she beat me to it. She made sure our drinks were full.Overall: This place is great...great for kids and adults alike. You can eat quick or you can eat slow, wish there was one close to my work in Scottsdale. I would recommend atleast trying it. I surely hope they survive better then the previous restaurant as I will be making more trips here.PS What did the sushi say to the bee.....WASABIIII
4	Great for fast food sushi! Decent prices, good variety, clean and friendly service. You must try if you are a sushi lover, but not the kind that has made sushi a delicacy with its outrageous prices here in AZ, but the kind of sushi lover that just wants to have their sushi fix without having to save up all month for it!
4	Is AZ cool, cultured, and hip enough for this place?  Hmmmm....The revolving sushi thing was big with the Yuppies in the Bay Area CA when I lived there in the 80's and I'm glad to see it back.  So, I would really like to see this place make it.  However, being that I try to be a fair critic, there will be some cons as well as pros.Ahi has a nice, clean and bright atmosphere, that's not too busy and dizzy with the decor.  There are flat screen TV's all around the walls.  Plates go by slow enough to easily grab one off.  They have plates that are simply color coded for pricing. Even I could do the math.  Pricing is very reasonable. Service was good.  Music was of good choice (says me), but could have been turned down just a hair.  Take notice of their hours.Lots of the usual choices for sashimi in this place, including a few interesting ones I have not seen before.  Tried the tuna, eel, and salmon.  All were fine.  The only thing I have to mention is the wasaaaabi seems to have been from powder.Don't like raw fish?  Not to worry.  Here are a few of the yummy food-stuff you can grab off of the revolving belt:  California roll, spring rolls with sauce, soy beans in shell (how do you spell that word?), coconut shrimp, and more.DESSERTS!Here is an idea that occurred to me while watching the revolving plates... This is a great place to just pop in real quick for a slice of $3.00 cheesecake, or pay only $1.50 for a plate of cream puffs, or get a small slice of cake that I bet is right about the size for calorie counters.They may need to go back to the drawing board for the lids they use on the little plates that go around.  For the most part, they work ok.  But until this place gets hoppin', which I hope it does, the lids need to fit on more snug.  That way if food goes around more than once, it doesn't get slightly dried out.  It's mostly the sushi that has rice on the outside of it that gets a little dry.They have a menu at the table so you can order fresh sushi made just for you that is brought to the table.  This worked out well for my California rolls.KIDS - There were some well behaved children while we were there. They have tables that seat 4, and the kids were on the outside, more away from the food.  But honestly?  Ask yourself if your child can resist pulling the pretty plates off of the conveyer belt.  Might just be too tempting for them?Extra note here.... The drinking ice water is good.  This counts for a lot in my book.
4	The reviews of this place don't do it justice. The lighting is a problem? You expected better sushi? C'mon people this is sushi in Gilbert!! Go to Scottsdale and spend 3 times as much. This place is great for a quick lunch or dinner. Clean, fresh sushi in a fun environment. Great value for the money. Do yourself a favor, have a meal here you will not be disappointed.
4	I saw this restaurant shortly before they opened and made a mental note to drop by since I've had conveyor belt sushi in the past and it's kinda fun.  This morning I decided that today was the day so I fired up Yelp to check the current reviews on the place (just to make sure it wasn't a must-avoid kind of place) and then headed on over.  Their parking lot (shared with restaurants to either side) was pretty empty, but once I got inside there were around 20 people eating there - this was at noon on Memorial Day, so I don't know if that's a typical crowd.  There was plenty of room for more people.  I told the hostess it was my first time there so she explained how things worked there - pick what you want as it passes by, the plates are color coded by price and there is a price list at every seat.  There was also a menu for ordering specific items (like regular sushi places.)My Thoughts:The place is cleanThe staff is friendly and reasonably fastThe portions are a little on the small side, but considering the price per plate ranged from $1 to $3 (with most items falling in the $2 range) it worked out to be pretty reasonable as sushi goes.  I left comfortably full and only spent 2/3 of what I would have at most other sushi places.The Salmon Nigiri was good.The cooks were busy the entire time and there was a steady supply of fresh sushi when I was there.Since one of the other reviewers had mentioned the lighting was excessive, I looked while I was there.  Maybe they read their yelp reviews, because although there were a lot of light fixtures, most of them were off and the lighting was fine - not too dark, not too bright.The Final Word:I wouldn't say it was the most amazing sushi I've ever had, but it was perfectly decent and about 2/3 the cost of other sushi places.  They had a wide range of sushi available, friendly, efficient staff and a clean, welcoming restaurant.  I'll be back.
3	Was pleasantly surprised this was a decent Sushi place. Great for Teens and Tweens.  Didn't have anything fabulous nor terrible. Just middle of the road sushi. Thought the eel and explosion roll were noteworthy. May or may not comeback, but do recommend giving it a whirl.
3	Fun place, ok Sushi
4	I bought a Groupon for Ahi and met up with my sisters for lunch. I brought my kids along for the ride!My first impression of the dining area was that it is super clean and bright! We were seated immediately kind of close to the entrance. It was a really fun to see all the different rolls going by on the conveyor belt. The kids LOVED grabbing what they wanted, which turned out to be spring rolls and cream puffs. I decided to try the gyoza first, and I have to admit it was cold, but I didn't expect food to stay magically hot while rotating throughout the dining room. For that same reason, I ordered my rainbow rolls to be made while I waited. I have to say they were worth the wait! The fish tasted fresh and it was cold. The kids liked their food, I liked mine. It was better than I expected after reading the reviews here on Yelp.If you want a place where you can grab a (small) quick, cheap bite along with dessert, then Ahi is a good place! It's basically fast food sushi. Be realistic! If you want a restaurant experience, go to a restaurant. Pay a little more. Wait a little longer.Ahi was perfect for a quick, and fun, lunch with the kids,
3	This conveyor belt sushi restaurant is huge! Spacious seating is a plus over Teharu, which for some reason always has half of the seating closed off when I've been there. The interior is cute, and the conveyor belts themselves go by at a slow enough pace that you can grab what you want. We came here on a Sunday evening, and had no problem getting a seat for 4 people. There were a decent number of people already seated with stacks of colored plates at their tables. The prices of the plates range from $1 to $3, with most plates in the $2 and $2.50 range. The $3 plates that I saw were either cheesecakes or eel nigiri sushi. We grabbed several rolls, some edamame, and 2 salads (Seaweed and squid).The rolls come in sets of 3, and the size/width of them generally increases with the plate price. Since it's conveyor belt sushi, it's not the best quality, nor did it taste like the freshest sushi, but you go for the concept and to have fun picking out your plates. The best tasting plates I had were the soy-marinated tuna (Although one piece did have some gristle on it, but hey what do you expect from a $2 plate), and the banana tempura roll. We tried another tempura roll (non-dessert), which tasted like it had been made way ahead of time since the fried breading tasted gummy and soft.Our total for 4 people with 2 fountain drinks was a little over $40 with tax. Service was great, another plus over Teharu, and drinks were refilled promptly and the waiters were very friendly.We hadn't heard of this restaurant before until it got posted on Groupon. It's a decent choice for cheap, fast sushi with friendly service and nice atmosphere. If you're in Gilbert and craving sushi, it's a good inexpensive choice!
4	I really really hope this place makes it. I'm not sure if the area is going to respond to it. I personally loved it. You need to realize your are going to a place with food on a conveyor belt. It hasn't been sitting for hours but chances are when you get there it may have been there for a short while. If you notices it's pretty empty on the belt, have a  seat and wait while they make more - then you get the freshest possible plate OR you can order with your waiter and they will have it made for you.Simple. It's not going to be the best of the best sushi but it's good, tasty food. Try the Salmon Nigi - SO DELICIOUS! For the cheap prices per plate this place is great. We went in on a Saturday afternoon - it wasn't super busy and our waiter was quite nice. If I noticed something I wanted but it was  the last one I'd wait until more food was put out to grab one. We took a seat right in front of the chefs so it was easy to see what was being made. Plates range from $1 - 3.00 and with 2-3 bites per plate its perfect for groups/couples! Some items were hot, most cold and they even had 2-3 dessert options. I love having the options to try so many different things without committing to 8-10 pieces. This is in our neighborhood so we'll be back!
4	For what it is and what it costs this place is perfect! Can definitely find some better sushi places but I would still come here again.
2	Let me start off by saying I wasn't really expecting much when we came here. It's revolving sushi after all. But I found a Groupon and thought it would be a good opportunity to try out a new place.Upon walking in the decor is just god awful. From the fiberoptic crystal chandeliers to the lime green walls and orange counters, tacky doesn't begin to describe the place. It was pretty busy too being a Friday night.As can happen at these places, for the first 40 minutes all we saw was crap rolls. The good stuff didn't come by until we were pretty full which left us very disappointed. We showed up around 7 pm, so maybe we missed the initial dinner rush where all the good stuff was snatched up, but I wasn't really happy to see that the caterpillar rolls and tamago and what not all came out after we had asked for our check.The rolls are TINY. If there was a Guinness Book of World Records entry for smallest commercial sushi rolls this place would surely win. You can also tell the people making the rolls are either very rushed, or very inexperienced. One of the shrimp roles I grabbed didn't even have shrimp in it. :( They are all very poorly put together with the meagerist of fillings. The larger rolls- on the purple plates- are far better, but you pay more for them. If they've been out for a while you are also greeted with room temperature sushi, which is disgusting. Biggest complaint, however, was the level of service. We sat for five minutes before a waiter came by. We waited another 10-15 minutes before our drinks arrived. By the time they came, we were on the verge of full and didn't really want them any more. I know it is a large restaurant, but it's not like you are taking orders or serving food! You have very few jobs as a server in this place- to get drinks, to count plates, to get the check and sure, to give the one off menu item. There is absolutely NO excuse for poor service! In short, we won't be returning. Masa Sushi up the street is ten times better.
2	We got a Groupon to this place and were disappointed.  The rice in many rolls seemed stale/slightly chewy/old, and the portions were very small.  The shrimp tempura did not have actual tempura batter, but standard American breading, and the dipping sauce had an unusual taste.  Servers took a very long time to bring drinks, even though the restaurant was not crowded, and orders we placed from the menu took extremely long to arrive.  The wait staff seemed inexperienced or desultory, and some of the rolls did not seem very expertly made.  I've had better sushi elsewhere, and won't be back.
2	We do not recommend this place.  While the look is fine, there are several problems that made it unpleasant.  The A.C. was not sufficient.  It was warm inside, and not because of overcrowding.  There was no seating for waiting patrons, except for the concrete benches outside, in the sun, in 100 deg.+ temps.  After 15-20 minutes we were seated and there was very little on the belt (6 ft -10 ft empty spaces) except for desserts.  Unlike other places like this we've been to, the bulk of the dishes were on blue ($2.00) plates and the portions were small.  The variety was limited and by the time anything got to us, it was gone.  We ordered a special dish and it took forever to arrive.  The service was bad, bad, bad.  We had to ask the waiter for wasabi!  It will be a LONG time before we try this place again, if at all.
2	Well, I wanted to like this place because its really close to home... But it just isn't great. The sushi pieces are super small and only 3 per plate, so the cost adds up really quickly! We had a groupon and still ended up paying more than it was worth. The sushi was ok, nothing outstanding but I guess it was good quality. We will be going to Teharu in Tempe for a more fulfilling and reasonably priced meal.
2	New Revolving sushi in town and a Groupon for it. . . . SOLD! After buying this Groupon deal online we came here last night for dinner. The decor and style of the restaurant was very hip and colorful. The layout of the establishment was horrible. If you were sitting in the inner bar and wanted to use the restroom. You had to walk all the way around and over, Just to get to it. The service was awesome; friendly and helpful. Thank you, Carlos.  The food: Let's just say I enjoyed the coconut shrimp and fried rice more than the sushi. The sushi was very SMALL portioned and bland - I've been to many revolving sushi establishments around town and never seen/had such a small amount of sushi on a plate for the same price.PS if it hadn't been for the great service, this place would have gotten a one star.
2	I'm alwayssssss up for trying new sushi! Especially if it's inexpensive and revolving! =)We had bought a Groupon for this place and it's actually right down the street from my house so we wanted to try it out. I guess I kind of went in with high expectations since my other favorite revolving sushi place is Teharu and I absolutely love them...I felt like the food portions were sooooo tiny... I felt like they did this on purpose so you keep getting more and more sushi. Not only that but the sushi just didn't taste fresh. I think it was just straight bland. There were a few rolls that had such a strange combination. For example, there was a roll that had peanuts with avocado. No bueno! Then you had your tempura mixed with bananas. lol. I see that they're trying to make their rolls creative but I can't see peanuts, rice and avocado being a good mix. The only good thing I would say is that the staff was extremely friendly. At the end though we didn't reach our limit on our Groupon and it took them what felt like forever to figure it out. I most likely won't be coming back here to get my sushi fix on. =/
2	So I've been meaning to try this place and when I stopped by the first time they were still under construction so I waited for a couple of weeks and they were finally opened. I went here during lunch to get something quick and easy. I went in not expecting a whole lot from this place since I haven't really been too impressed with a lot of the revolving sushi restaurants here in AZ. It was really slow when I went during lunch, which I understand since sushi isn't really an ideal place to eat or have for lunch anyways...The outside and inside of this place is actually pretty big and they have 3 main tables where the revolving sushi rotates around. I sat down and just looked at all their sushi rolls that they had and I can immediately tell that they weren't really that fresh. It looked like they've been sitting out for awhile and the avocados on some of the rolls were just looking a little too dark. Their Las Vegas roll was super cold, some of their rolls were just kind of falling apart and didn't really look like rolls anymore. I was not impressed and I was not satisfied with my lunch that day either so after approximately 30 min. of being there we just paid and left and I ended up getting Chickfila nuggets after =/Service was ok, I can't really complain about our waitress really since we were the only ones in there but she was nice and she kept asking if we needed anything. There were also 3 young sushi chefs that were in the sushi bar area right across from us where we sat and when we walked in they just starred and didn't even acknowledge us and said hi or anything.
2	I'm a big sushi person and I haven't really done much revolving sushi. However, this place gave me a "meh" feeling towards it. I hope there are better revolving sushi places out there because I don't want this to be a permanent feeling. I came here with some great friends and of course I was feeling sushi and was super ready to grub down plates on plates. The outcome however didn't lead that way. The sushi here was very small and the flavoring of each roll just didn't give me that satisfied taste. I had this peanut roll and that just gave me the worst aftertaste. I would no recommend it, maybe it's just me. The tempura roll, crab roll, and Caterpillar roll just wasn't hitting my taste bud as well. They just didn't have the kick of flavor and it felt like the sushi has been there for a while just rotating around collecting air. The staff was pretty slow at getting back to us at well. But I don't want to blame the staff, maybe he was new? I wouldn't really recommend this place to a friend, especially if they haven't experienced this yet. it would scar myself and make me not change  my thoughts on sushi.
3	We really like the theme of this Sushi Restaurant.  You arrive, sit down, and immediately start picking out your sushi from the conveyor system.  The rolls were just ok at best.  The creme puffs looked great but were horrible.  We will probably go again, just will stay away from the tasteless desserts.  Order your edamame fresh.  It was cold from the revolving display.
3	I ate here for the first time using a Groupon. It was totally dead at 530 on a Wed but picked up after 6. Its really not bad. A lot of nice selections and everything we tried was good. The portions are smaller from 2-3 pieces but the plates start as cheap as $1. Some cheesy deserts came by including those canned del monte little fruit in can snacks? Why would you spend a $1 to eat that here? I put those in my kids lunches.
4	Super nice and clean! Much larger than TEHARU so no wait. but the portions were smaller than  what was expected. The server was very friendly and attentive. I liked how she brought a menu so we could order rolls that weren't on the revolving bar.  Overall pretty good though. I would go again if I'm in Gilbert.
4	Awesome and relatively cheap Kaiten Sushi restaurant. Much better than their competition in all aspects: food, service, cleanliness, decor. The plates have dome covers to keep them fresher.
4	Customer service was amazing. Waiter was super friendly. With this place you can special order which I liked. The sushi was "okay". I would come back if I was in the area. I def did not have to wait 45 minutes like I did with another sushi place so it was worth it.
4	After reading the reviews I was kind of hesitant to try this place. Been to Teharu plenty of times. But last night my friend and I decided to give them a try. To my surprise, it was really good. I really like how they had a variety if different rolls versus just the usual California roll and what not. For $35 my friend and left completely stuffed. It was really reasonably priced and you could try a little bit of everything versus paying $12 for a roll at another sushi place. The restaurant was really clean and modern looking and can really fit a lot of people.  It's also a lot closer to me than teharu. :)I will definitely be back!
4	Went there with a group of 6.  Service was quick with drinks and checked on us regularly.  Between us we ate a wide variety of items and all were good, some were great.  It was a very enjoyable evening out.  We will definitely go back.  I would recommend it.
3	I tried this place last night with my 15 y/o son as I had purchased a groupon.  I got there just after 4 pm when they opened, there were only about 4 other families there.  The sushi was good, not high end stuff, but it was good and I would go back again.  I thought it gave you a good opportunity to try something you may not otherwise try.  The plates run from $1 - $3 and you get 2 - 4 pieces per plate.  I think the only thing I really did not like is the stacking of the plates.  Each plate is a different color and each color represents a different price, so they keep all the plates on your table until you are done so they can total you out. My son wanted to try a bunch of new things so we stacked about 20 plates between the two of us.  The place is clean, contemporary looking, they had several different TVs although you could not hear any of them as they also have music playing.  I will definitely go back!!
4	We really enjoyed this place. We saw it on Groupon and since it was close thought we would try it out. We LOVED the explosion roll, the new orleans roll and the coconut shrimp was like candy! We checked in on yelp and got the penny sake. Beer was super reasonably priced without any happy hour or anything. Be careful because the $2 and $3 plates will add up, but sushi is often more expensive than other foods. The cream puffs looked Devine but were super dry. Staff was really friendly.We recommend going after 6:30 on a weeknight as the more people that are there the fresher the rolls. Overall very pleasant and we will certainly be back again!
4	I Love these places. My advice is to go early in the day because you never know how long it has been on the conveyor belt and I don't know what there policy is for that but cheap sushi that's good and lots of different kinds to choose from is a good night for me.
4	We saw this place on Groupon and decided to try it out. We really enjoyed this place. For a conveyor belt sushi joint their selections were pretty good.  The service could be slow during rush hour. I save my receipt for 15% off next visit.
4	I normally go to Teharu but decided to give this place a try because of a Groupon and returned because I actually liked it. Be forewarned that the service is pretty poor. Both times our waiter took FOREVER to come and even greet us. Both times, it was not a busy day. The sushi is pretty on point. Usually whenever a revolving place has squid, octopus, or any other fish it comes out pretty dry, this place I haven't gotten one dry item yet. The best thing I like about Teharu is that they have eel sauce on the side if a person is looking for something sweet. I'd recommend that this company get that and work on the staff and I'd give 5 stars. I'd continue to go here but I'm not fully converted from Teharu yet. Just like another reviewer said, be careful because those plates add up! We also tried the Katsu, it wasn't the greatest that I've ever had...but it wasn't poor either. I'd say stick with the sushi.
5	Great sushi place in Gilbert. I tried most of their items and it tasted good. Staff is friendly and helpful. I would definitely come back with family and friend.
4	We had a groupon for this place and decided to try it. Pretty nice place with urban decor and a fun revolving sushi concept. The service was a bit slow, but it was Friday, the place was packed and there was a game on. So I am not complaining :) the sushi varieties were decent and well priced. I loved the concept of revolving sushi, because not only is it fun, you get to try so much variety rather than getting stuck with an entire roll. I would visit again. Oh and I also got Sake for a penny for checking into yelp :) yayy!!
2	Even after reading all the bad reviews on here; I went ahead and tried it out because my cousins wanted to try it. Lets just say these reviewers know what they're talking about. Being a pretty big sushi fan I have to agree 100% this place is just not very good. Lets start off with the sushi. First impressions, while waiting for my party to arrive, I scanned through all the different selections of what was available. Like all the other reviewers, these portions are incredibly small. Not only is the quantity per plate is small but also the sushi itself; it is half the size of a regular sushi roll. I was pretty disappointed of the quantity of plates just sitting on the conveyer belt with so little customers in the restaurant. I literally saw the same plate that no one wants go by the entire time my party was there. The flavor of each sushi was ok; some did not taste as fresh as others but that's to be expected of a revolving sushi. The nigiri had just a bit too much rice.Next, lets talk about the service. Our waiter was good at best, he made sure our drinks were constantly refilled, and picked up our plate toppers in a timely fashion which is a plus. That is possibly the only thing good out of service; now to the bad, one of my cousin had asked for some paper napkins because she had spilled some of the soy sauce early on during our dinner. By the end we still did not see the napkins. Next, our table had a few orders of edamame and generally when bringing out edamame you are suppose to bring an extra bowl to discard the uneaten portion, but no we had to ask our waiter to bring us the extra bowls, and also little dishes to put soy sauce in to dip our sushi. This stuff is just common knowledge of a sushi restaurant; the customers should never have to ask for these things. Lastly, another cousin had ordered some fried calamari, but it took forever for it to come out; didn't see it come out till we were pretty much done with our dinner.Congrats you've made it this far!! Thanks for hanging in there, but please keep reading just a bit more. Now to the decor; I have to say this is probably the only thing I liked about the place. Everything looked very clean and modern. Place was very well lit. Table choice however were a bit small, maybe this place isn't very well set up for larger parties. That seems to sum up my thoughts on this place; could probably keep going on but you all seem to get the point. Thanks for reading!
3	I'm not a big sushi freak but do like it from time to time. Have tried Blue Wasabi, Kona Grill, RA, etc... So I thought I would try this place. The revolving sushi is really cool and they do have happy hour. The snack pack pudding and canned fruit cup rolling by was a little weird but kind of funny. I guess my only complaint is the decor / vibe. It's kind of like a hospital emergency room lobby. Very plain and kind of bizarre. Other than that I enjoyed it and will definitely go back. Just wish it had more of a fun atmosphere.
1	Soooo gross, just stay away. I don't care if you have a coupon. Forget the coupon, burn the coupon. Just save your money and your guts, and do not come here! The sushi is better at a gas station (and probably cheaper, as well). Plus, the service was slow, and the selection (while sounding interesting on the page) was pretty gross in actuality.
2	I will preface this by saying I just returned from living in Japan for two years. I love sushi and have been trying to find something to fill the void present since Japan. Sadly, this place did not fill that void. If you are looking for quality nigiri sushi (slices of fish on rice) or sashimi (fish slices without rice)  then you will be unfortunately disappointed. I was I would recommend RA sushi down the streetif you're looking for a first-time sushi experience or good quality sushi.The atmosphere was nice and would be very fun for those that have not experienced Kaiten or revolving sushi.
4	Not the best sushi I've ever had, but good.  The Revolving sushi conveyor is pretty cool and keeps you interested.  They do have a lot of progressive types of foods that come around as well which make you want to try them and they're good.  Got the Groupon so that made it super cheap....3 of us ate for the $12 and they gave me a free green tea shake just for checking in online.  Service is decent, but could be a little better since we had to keep on our waiter about refilling our sodas, but he was usually not far away or too busy so that wasn't a huge deal.  We went for lunch so it was pretty quiet then and we could just take our time and relax.  I'd go there again.
3	I bought a groupon because it looked interesting but had reviews all over the place. It's a fun concept and definitely a unique experience. The sushi is not bad but it's not excellent either. I have discovered though that I really prefer my food to just come to me, I didn't really enjoy having to try to snatch off the belt. The portion sizes are small it's 3 pieces to a plate but the price isn't too bad. So if you're looking for a different experience I would recommend it.
2	Time to update the reviews on this place. Me and wife wanted some sushi again, we showed up..glad to see the place was packed and looks like its doing really well for itself.Something has somewhat changed here. The decor still rocks, but the atmosphere seems some what lacking. Customer Service: seemed to have slipped here, as with so many patrons that it looks disorganized with 3 people cleaning and resetting a table when there are customers who are waiting for orders or drink refills such as I was. We also ordered off the menu and it took nearly 15 minutes to bring out half and we never received an avocado roll that was ordered which we waited for 30 minutes for. Our waiter also disappeared for a little bit and none of the other waiters were able to fill his role or help out with the table. Also one last thing that the workers all seemed unhappy and gave a weird unwelcoming vibe.Food Quality Does not match pricing any more:They also seemed to have raised the prices now to the point where they are trying to match higher end restaurants. Such as the unagi which I can get for $4-$6 for about 4 pieces here its $4 for a plate for 3 in small sizes. There are hardly any $1 white places and my wife loves avocado rolls which there are none to be seen. I hope they get their act together soon and reestablish the values it had when it first opened, as me and wife had previously enjoyed this place.
4	While it's not the best sushi I've eaten by any means, coming here means I can have a lot of variety with out all the leftovers.. Each plate has just 3 pieces of a roll on it, allowing you to mix and match.. Especially like the explosion roll and the  tempura roll.. Stay away from the desserts...ugh.
2	Came here the other day because of the $14 for $28 groupon.  Have been to many of the revolving sushi places and this one was set up like most of them (some tables connected to the revolving sushi bar as well as single chairs).  The one thing that was slightly different was there was a menu you could order from that had things not on the revolving sushi bar (teriyaki plates and udon noodle bowls).  Since it was cold out, we decided to order two bowls of udon (kitsume and shrimp tempura for $7).  They were both good size and had plenty of noodles, vegetables, and fish cakes.  That was pretty much the highlight of the meal.  At similar places we have been to, you usually get four pieces of sushi per plate but this place only gave you three.  They did a good job of describing what was in each roll but many of the rolls claimed to have "snow crabmeat".  I have rolled sushi for a living before using real snow crab and this stuff looks like the imitation "krab" that most other places serve.  I could be wrong (maybe its a really low quality snow crab?) but if it looks and quacks like a duck...Service was also mediocre at best.  We asked our server what was in the kitsume udon and she didn't know (tofu, fish cake, and vegetables).  Then, as our pile of lids built up with edamame shells and trash, she didn't bother to clear it even after the lid tower fell down.  Luckily, another server came and cleaned up the table and finished serving us.  As we left, we walked right past the host and another server and neither said a word.Needless to say, this was our first and last visit.  If I get the urge to go to a revolving sushi place, I'll go to Teharu in Chandler.
4	Like a lot of other reviewers a Groupon led me to this place. If you have been to Teharu it is a very similar concept: Conveyer belt w/ different kinds of sushi passing around. If you've never tried it out before I recommend it (especially if you have a group of people that have different tastes).  I like this place better than Teharu because their sushi options are much larger. They have basics like a Vegas roll, salmon (sake) roll and California roll, but they also have a few unique ones. Last time I was in I had a strawberry tuna roll. It sounds bizarre but it was really creative and very tasty!The only reason I'm giving 4/5 stars is because their miso soup sucks. That and if you order a hot green tea you get a cup with a Lipton green tea bag in it, not a teapot with fresh brewed like you'd imagine.
2	The only reason I would go here is because of their groupon. I've been here three times now, and I probably won't be going back. I found a hair on one of the plates I pulled off the belt, and the wait or I had didn't even really acknowledge that it was something to fuss over. They are pretty expensive for what you really get. I'd say my favorite revolving sushi bar is still Teharu.
1	Ok I used a Groupon and tried this place but totally not worth it.... We left HUNGRY after spending $40. Who leaves a restaurant hungry.  You know something's wrong if your doing that.  This is totally not like Genki's. Only 3 little skinny rolls are on a plate for spicy tuna for $2 and not spicy at all. I asked for tea thinking its green tea but I got a Lipton black tea bag. ( isn't this a Asian restaurant ) they should have green tea. So any way if you are a very lite eater or a child this place is perfect for you. The sushi guys don't interact with you at all even though we were sitting at the sushi bar ( if you can call it that ).
3	Not many rolls available for vegans but the "avocado cucumber" and the "peanut avocado" rolls were good.  They definitely could have been more creative with the content of their vegan rolls since they have a really great assortment of non-vegan rolls.Probably will eat there again but only if I have a groupon.
1	Ok to start out the food was good. My wife and I wanted to try this place out and we found a coupon on Groupon. $30 for $60 worth of food and drinks with 4 or more people. It was our 3 children, my Wife and I. The service was BAD we waited 10min once we were seated to even have a server show up at the table and take our drink and food order. We then waited another 20min for the food to show up to the table for the kids chicken teriyaki and 5 drinks.  My wife and I did have a lot of the sushi from the sushi belt. Once we were done we had to wait an additional 20 min to get the bill. And for that I ended up going to the front desk and asking for our bill finally as we were tired of waiting for a server to show up to the table. During this whole experience we had 3 separate servers 2 females and 1 male. Plus they screwed up the order 3 times. Im not sure if they screwed it up or if they just keep bringing the wrong orders to our table. The manager on duty did not seam eager to correct anything or offer an apology for the service tonight 12-14-2013 @ 5:15pm- 6:45pm.WE WILL NOT BE RETURNING TO THIS RESTURANT AGAIN. Im sorry but even with the groupon. The service was so bad its not worth another trip.
5	I'm obsessed with this place right now! So yummy, I love the concept and their prices are great!!
3	It was ok.  Probably will only come back if I had a Groupon.
1	Second visit here.  Prices are good. Twice experienced less than average quality of fish.    Twice also experienced poor service.   Will not go back.
4	Sushi is good and pretty well priced. I've been here a couple of times and service has definitely improved! Save your receipt to get 15% off next time which is awesome.
2	Where to begin. We found ourselves here because of a groupon.. Good deal so we thought we would give it a try. The service started off on a bad note. As we came in there were several open tables and seats at the counter that just needed to be cleaned. We were told 5-10 min wait, after 20 minutes we were finally brought to the counter with the open seats around us full of dirty dishes, not the most appealing. When our waitress came to take our drink order she had no idea what a Kirin Light was and ended up bringing regular Kirin beer, when I asked for the correct beer she rushed off but never returned. I had to ask a separate server. Long story short I thought the service was terrible. As for the sushi... Maybe it is a me problem because I have higher expectations but this sushi was pretty bad. The concept of the revolving belt is that the plates are color coordinated: white=$1 yellow=$1.5 blue=$2 purple=$2.5 and black=$3. Anything that looked edible was blue or above. With that being said there were a few things that came by that I thought were decent but it was one of those places where all the rolls tasted the same... Suped up California roll. I think my favorite thing I ate were the spring rolls. While I love the concept of the revolving sushi we have yet to find a place that does it well. We will not be back. Our bill without the groupon would have been about $60... I will take my business to Masa down the street for cheap but fresh sushi!
1	Stopped by for some lunch, saw this place just driving by. Prices are decent, you get about 3 pieces of a roll for the varying prices. I did get a wiff of spoiled food a few times. I dunno what it was from, but it prevented me from furthering our meal. The service is pretty horrendous, our server didn't even know what siracha was. Asked if I meant eel sauce in a condescending tone. Excuse me what?! I tried several different rolls and was not impressed by any of it. My son had the orange chicken and it was so tangy, he nor I could finish it. I will not be coming back
1	The service and price are fine.  We are very disappointed with the food.  Fried rice is the best dish that we had.  Way too much batter on calamari.  Shrimp tempura was very fishy.   Most importantly, the sushi was not fresh, you can see it by the color of the fish.  I really would not recommend this place to anyone.
3	The concept is great. The food is good to fair, depending on the dish. The service was quite poor. There were several instances we were provided the wrong order, which could have proved to be dangerous had we not caught it, due to serious food allergies. When pointed out that we were given the wrong order, we were told it was our fault and charged anyhow, even though the order slip was found and indicated the mistake was theirs. Seeing a pattern of getting orders wrong, we attempted to reconfirm our next order numerous times...just to ultimately get another wrong order. We made the best of it. Overall, cool concept, tasty food, but with poor customer service and some operational flaws. The price was very reasonable though.
4	Sushi is ok, not the best, but decent given the prices. We came in on a Saturday during lunch and it was not crowded at all. Great place if you want to satisfy your sushi craving fast. The nigiri was pretty good and overall the sushi was very fresh. Lots of selection too.
5	It was yummy!! I loved the variety even during a weekday lunch!  I will definitely go again!
2	I really hate giving any restaurant lower than 3 stars. After all, it's they're livelihood and yelp is inundated with people who don't know that the numbers 2 through 4 exist. HOWEVER - This place was just a bad experience for me and my girlfriend. Not the worst, but we've been to several revolving sushi places in AZ (like Teharu  or Seksun), and Ahi is by far the least impressive. The food was well-made, but the quality of ingredients was FAR from what they were charging for. The staff weren't too friendly and even the chefs looked miserable. Their specialty rolls are definitely unique and set themselves apart from other sushi places, but none were all that impressive tasting, for the amount of ingredients they contained.Overall, while it's exciting to have a revolving sushi bar in Gilbert, this place just had all the fun of a dilapidated Chuck-E-Cheeses, but with fish on a conveyor belt.
1	Everyone give this place a shot! !!! Try It atleast once...the parking lot isn't looking great and I hope for success
3	I do like this place and will go back, but it's not worth more than 3 stars.PROs:They almost always have a deal on groupon and you can eat super cheap here. They  have a decent selection of sushi, including vegetarian items. You can also have them special order any of the menu items- I get mine with soy paper and it's NO upcharge. I LOVE the peanut avocado rolls. Not sure why other places don't have them.CONs: They only have beer and wine- I wish they had a full bar. Also, the dessert items are kind of a joke. They seriously must have went to sam's club and bought pudding cup and fruit cup packs. I laughed when I saw those going around on the sushi belt. We did try the cream puffs (they looked awesome), but they were very disappointing.Overall- they have good sushi at good prices, and that is what will bring me back. If I want to have a mixed drink in with my sushi with a few more menu options I will go somewhere else.
1	Revolving sushi. You sit down,  pick your plates, and pay for your plates afterwards, right? My experience here was so comically frustrating and confusing, all we could do was laugh at the end because it WAS SO BAD. What a shame, because I had brought my parents to try out their first revolving sushi experience. For lunch on a weekday, we were greeted by the hostess who advised in order to participate in the sushi conveyor belt, we HAD to purchase an All - You - Can - Eat deal for $15 PLUS drink. Otherwise we would have to order sushi off the menu.  Well how disappointing to come in to eat off the conveyor belt, only to be told you're not allowed to without committing to at least ~$20/person. That defeats the whole point of revolving sushi, if you ask me! It's designed to be convenient and cheap. So we sat there, letting the food roll past us, taunting us, until we ordered our sushi the old fashioned way. The waitress was in serious want of better training. After providing us with a paper menu listing sushi rolls and prices, we each ordered a roll. I also.got miso soup which tasted bland and was lukewarm. Oh, we also got edemame, which they first forgot and then grabbed hastily from the revolving belt and served to us soggy (why are we not allowed to grab off the belt again?) The rolls weren't great but weren't bad. I think they also came from the belt because they were served in smaller, clustered portions. (Why..?!)When we got our check, the rolls were priced higher than the waitress advised us according to the menu she brought out. We spoke with the manager who said she brought us the to - go menu, so sorry but tough sh*t, we were stuck with the tab even though the fault was not with us. Even after we expressed our disappointment with the food, no concession or apology was offered. For what was supposed to be an easy, cheap lunch, it turned out to be disaster. Never again. There are too many other good and competent sushi joints in the valley to waste time here.
4	Two friends and I met here for a girls dinner out. We were all newbies and all really enjoyed it! It was so fun to see all the pretty rolls come around on the conveyor belt, and we enjoyed the several we had, as well as an order of gyoza. The edamame was a little lacking - it just didn't have a really fresh taste. It was almost a little mealy.Our waitress was sweet and helpful but seemed pretty inexperienced. She admitted to us that she didn't know how to open a bottle of wine as the reason for why my drink was delayed. She also spilled a whole tray of waters on the table behind us. Not a big deal to have inexperienced servers when you're not having to depend on them for your food, but it just made the experience a bit less polished than it could have been.One funny note - one of the options that was available on the conveyor belt was dessert. That included pudding (chocolate and vanilla snack packs) and mixed fruit (in a pop top can). We were all moms so could see some of the wisdom in those options, but it was still amusing.All in all, a good experience and I will plan to return!
5	You get good sushi for a really good price way better than RA more bang for your buck
2	I took my wife here for Friday date night hoping it would be good . I have eaten at a lot of sushi carousel places when I travel to Asia, but this was the first time in the States and for my wife. Upon entering i noticed how clean the place was which is always a plus for me. We were seated promptly and the service was average to a little above average, nothing special. Where I was not impressed was the plates. As the items came around, they just looked bland. After tasting the first plate, it tasted about the same as it looked, bland.What I would recommend would be for this place to work on their sushi. Do something to make it more appealing. Maybe try some different gourmet type rolls on carousel. Use better ingredients... Maybe take the staff take a trip to one of the other local sushi restaurants that does sushi and rolls the right way so they have something to compare against. I so wanted to like this place and I love sushi carousels, but cannot because the food just wasn't up to it.
5	I love this concept, and this place was clean with a fun atmosphere :)  AND their chocolate shake...  was made with Thrifty's Chocolate Malted ice cream...  awesome...
4	People are always skeptical about these revolving sushi places but first time here it was good but could have use more variety though on the revolving plates of sushi You can also order off the revolving plates menu but they didn't have udon available Overall good sushi/ rolls
2	They're under new ownership now, they have made some changes and not for the better. The sushi tastes not as fresh...the staff is still friendly but I feel this has become the McDonalds of sushi...you get what you pay for.
5	Great place for on the go sushi or ready eat sushi, if you're not the sushi type the place has a variety of cook foods like udon noodles, fried rice, chicken skews and among other things.The owner is awesome and very friendly.Servers are on point and very friendly tooThis place is self serve but I always try to leave a tip for the servers too for the drinks and kitchen items they bring to the table. The place is great for kids, families, and parties.
2	I wish I could give them more stars. I really love revolving sushi, well sushi in general, but Teharu and Sushi Station (my favorite) are better.What I will give them is 1 point because it's revolving sushi and 1 point because it's clean and modern inside. (Still Teharu, repaint that poop colored wall - Seriously).Not bad, not great. 2.5 Stars realistically.
1	I'm sorry Ahi, your food, it lacks, quality, freshness and pizzaz.  First concentrate on the quality and freshness, the rest will come naturally.  You have hired some of the most darling waitresses and your Groupon was pretty awesome. Even the dining area was clean as a whistle.  But I just can't go back, even if my daughter begs me, again. The East Valley really needs Kaiten stylei because it's fun and who doesn't like food slowly moving by, tempting us to try something new? Ahi, I hope this place will be you someday! I really do!
2	I was supremely excited about a revolving sushi restaurant. I was severely disappointed. The sushi was mostly rice, which is just bad form. The flavors were almost nonexistent. The quality of the fish was obviously poor, it was tough and chewy. The dessert was a joke! There was a cheap variety of desserts I wouldn't touch with a ten foot poll. The server was very friendly, but took a long break right in the middle of our visit, so when we went to pay, it was very confusing and we ended up staying an extra ten minutes due to confusion amongst the servers and the misplacing of our check. It was ridiculous. It was a fun time, because my inexperienced boyfriend got to try out a bunch of different kinds of rolls, but I would not ever choose to go back willingly.
3	OK, but fun.Asked me to like them on Facebook while in the restaurant for 15% off the bill.  While I'm not a huge fan of restaurants that bribe customers for social media exposure, at least they weren't trying to bribe for 5 star ratings.The sushi was ok. Good, but not great. The service was pretty good and they were nice to my daughter.
4	What fun! Our 9 year old loved it!  Nice to see what you want to eat that you might never order because you didn't know it existed!
3	We enjoyed, the experience and now that we know what  a revolving sushi bar will try it again.
3	Tried this place with a groupon. It was alright. The portions were small. I liked the variety, place, and customer service.
3	I really liked this place, and the revolving aspect is really fun.
4	Place is bomb!!!!!! Sushi service drinks tvs everywhere...rolls are #1 in the Z ...especially Gilbert
4	When going to a revolving sushi place, one has to have certain expectations.  Revolving bars aren't a place to go for a fancy dinner/lunch.  These places are for a quick, fun meal.  This place definitely provided that.  It is a little bit more pricey than Teharu, but the sushi is better.  Ahi will be our go-to for revolving sushi from now on.
4	Love the selection of sushi they have. Very different types than I am used to but also some originals. Always leave the place full and for a great price! Always check groupon before you head over. They often have a deal!
3	Rounding up, but I feel like it's really a 2.5. I came here with my family as a recommendation from my cousins, instead of going to my usual place for sushi, Shimogamo. Pros: The decor is very contemporary, pretty to look at. It contributes to a good atmosphere. The place is VERY clean. The presentation of the food is amazing, they serve the plates on a conveyer belt that circulates around the restaurant. Each plate have two/three pieces of sushi served on a belt. For the price, the food is OK. It's about $2 a plate, the prices vary by the color of the plate. It's definitely affordable! Also if you check-in, (I did.) you get 10% off the bill. The best dish I got was the Tempura Roll.Cons: It's lacks quality. Very mediocre sushi, (but once again, for the price, it's alright). Besides the Tempura Roll and the Explosion Roll, I didn't really like anything else. There's WAY too many rules. I originally came to get the all-you-can-eat $15.99 lunch, however, there was a too many rules associated with that.#1. 10% Off Facebook check-in does not apply. #2. It's all you can eat, but you can't eat everything that's on the belt, there's only specific one's available, you have to pick them out from a list. You literally have to keep checking the small sign with the list to check if you can get the item or not. Side Tip to the Restaurant: I think you should, at least, mark the items on the belt, so that they're easier to find. Not everyone wants to go on a word search everytime they find a plate they want.#3. You have to order a drink, so it's not really $15.99. It comes up to $18-$19/person + tax. Is that really worth it?One of the servers were really nice, the other I feel I annoyed a bit with questions about the all-you-can-eat lunch. Overall, good place for people who don't eat sushi a lot and aren't too picky about freshness and quality, but rather looking for something cheap, affordable, and quick. Oh, also as an incentive to get you to come back, they give you a coupon on the receipt for 15% off the next time you come in. (I'm guessing it doesn't apply to the all-you-can-eat either).
2	After coming back 3 more times and each time the quality of food had gone down I have to remove 2 stars.
1	Let's start with the good. They were open, it was nice and bright, and people were friendly. Now the bad- the food sucked. Poor selection of sushi on the belt. Not great quality. Weird items (banana tempura wrapped in nori and rice).  Ordered an entree because was disappointed in sushi and it was just ok. Orange chicken was marginal. But better than the other items.
2	nice place with lackluster service and food. Depressed staff and McDonalds quality sushi... good for a quick stop if you want quantity over quality...
4	I try and stop by for an early dinner once or twice a month at Ahi Revolving Sushi.  It is quick, reasonable, clean, and decent quality sushi.  I generally prefer Nigiri style sushi and the tuna maguro and salmon saki here are quite good for the money.  There is plenty of easy parking and the service has always been very good.  For a conveyor belt sushi place they have a really good variety of sushi rolls.  If you know what you want and don't need the interaction with the sushi chef this place is just fine.  Just don't expect Scottsdale quality sushi for these prices. If you keep your receipt and bring it back you get a discount on your next visit.  I am a fan!
3	Ehhh It's $1-3 sushi. You don't expect much. But freshness is all gone now ! Maybe because summer in az is so slow for business.Had salmon and even as Asian as I am couldn't swallow it o-o). Lol and albacore looked like dried jerky !  W that being said it's spinning sushi, can't be fresh though this location lately is bad , but Kids love them! Lol so 3 stars for cheap, happy kids meal!  But stay away from anything raw .    He likes egg sushi and coconut shrimp.    Server is alway pleasant  :)  I'll just let the kid eat his non raw items and I'll eat at home lol
5	This place is so awesome! This is my wife an I second time back and it is just as awesome as the first time! We highly suggest coming here for great sushi if you're on this side of town. Great value and service is great!
3	Awesome set up! I love the river with the boats carrying sushi!  It was so much fun picking my dishes from the never-ending stream of sushi! Great service too! I usually dislike sushi, but I thoroughly enjoyed what I got. Still pricy, but then again, it IS sushi.
2	this was my first experience with the conveyor belt type sushi. The sushi was not good at all. poor quality and tasteless. prices were very cheap which is probably why it was not tasty...
5	Excellent selection, great environment, friendly staff, and good sushi. What else could you ask for??
3	The sushi is okay. Not the best. Sushi looks old. We went at 6:30. It doesn't look like many people come here. The place looks nice and tidy..the food could use an upgrade though.
5	Many of the things that turned me away at first have been corrected.  The Sushi is fresh and tasty and the service is outstanding.  The ambiance is quiet and clean.  The fluorescent lights of death have been minimized.  Overall, I am very impressed.
2	If you want the experience of "revolving" sushi then this the place. If you don't mind over priced, subpar sushi on that conveyor belt that is. The whole experience in my book was somewhat distracting . The service was absolutely terrible. The waiter was not friendly and was not knowledgeable of the sushi. Overall good for a one time experience but we won't go back.  I'll forgo the conveyor belt for better sushi and a better atmosphere any time!
2	Dishes were really off and tasted overall pretty mediocre, in addition to waiting 20 minutes to get a check when empty as well missing two of our people in party to order (out of 3). Overall, just common hospitality is expected. Wouldn't recommend.
4	The sushi was super fresh.  Sooo many  different  styles to choose from.  We brought our son who ended up buying straight from the menu.  Still an awesome experience  for a Friday night out. Come and enjoy.. take your time!
4	Great experience! Awesome way to sample everything and see what you like. It is very affordable and easy to try it all. Service was slow at first (and we had to ask for wasabi and flag someone down for more beer) but Mckinnley took over at the end and was awesome; very attentive, friendly and informative. We will definitely be coming back and bringing many more with us.
4	I used to go to Teharu a lot. By comparison this place is miles ahead. The selection and quality of sushi is better and the service is better. We came on a weekday at 4:30 and the place was nearly empty. The staff went out of their way to meet our needs and help us feel welcomed. The price is comparable to Teharu, my wife and I ate our fill for about $25.Never going back to Teharu, this place is awesome.There is a 10% discount for coming on weekdays, just FYI!
5	Great food great selection good atmosphere great prices really good place if you didn't like the place before is worth coming back to try it again
5	Great place to go if you like a fun n relaxed atmosphere. Great way to try sushi, fresh, inexpensive and fun to choose off the conveyor belt. I've had the menu entrees and they are great too! Service is great, very family friendly!
1	Omg so this place use to be under muuuch better management than it is as of a month ago, bad service, they took out chicken skewers, smaller portion sizes (really small pieces of shrimp inside shrimp avocado), and they make your sushi smaller if you order it fresh. They lost the magic touch, now it's a terrible place. We use to come here every single Monday to eat all you can eat, it became a tradition up until new management RUINED IT. if the Old business managers EVER see this review, please contact me, maybe we can begin a sushi venture together. I give ahi another year or two before they drive it straight into the ground.. cheap prices but now it's no good.
