5	Who knew that finding a tailor would be so difficult.  I've asked for recommendations searched yelp etc and didn't have a whole lot of luck finding what I was looking for.  To be honest I wasn't looking for much just something close by that didn't cost a fortune.  I lucked out with Tina's Alterations!  I walked right in was helped right away I got my dress back in a few days and it was perfect.  Great location in Dilworth with easy parking if this is your neighborhood then make Tina's your tailor,
5	Finding a reliable tailor in the Southend/Dilworth area hasn't proven easy for me, that is until I discovered Tina's Alteration. I've had many pants both lengthened and hemmed here as well as alterations for several dresses, and suits. Everything I've had worked on looks perfect, prices are definitely the best in the area, customer service is very courteous and professional, and everything is ready pretty quickly.  I totally recommend bringing any clothing item here to be altered.
5	I've been going to this place for years and never disappoints. I recommend this place to everyone.  Keep up the good work.
5	Love this alterations!  She is perfect and her detail amazing!  All you needing jean alterations this is the place!!!
5	There is nothing better than finding a local business owner who provides great service!
5	Tina's Alterations is hands down the best alterations place in Charlotte. The owner  'Anne' is such a nice lady; she is professional, efficient, and just a genuine person. For NYE I ordered a beautiful dress online, unfortunately what it was suppose to be a form-fitting dress looked like a sparkly shapeless bag on me. Anne did the impossible and made this dress fit me like a glove. I have to admit I wasn't very sure if a sequin dress would look good after being altered, but with no time for returns or exchanges I decided to take a chance. She did a fantastic job! Not only I had my dress on time, it looked amazing. I loved that she asked me to try it on to make sure I was 100% happy with it. I LOVED IT! Prices are very reasonable for such a great job. I love Anne and will not go anywhere else for alterations!
5	This is my first time going there. I will definitely continue to go for my alterations. Great Service!
5	I brought my wedding dress here after taking it to a couple other shops in the area that had told me they wouldn't touch it. Being completely defeated at this point I didn't expect much different here. I tried the dress on & Tina pinned the areas needed & said she'd have it for me the next weekend.  I went back in the next weekend to try it on again only to find the alterations had caused the dress to be ill-fitting around my neck. Tina told me how we could fix it but I wanted my Mom's opinion before I made a decision. She held my dress for 3 weeks till my Mom came to town, did another fitting & made new adjustments. I just got it back over the weekend & to be honest, upon first inspection it looked like nothing had been done however once I put it on it fit perfectly & the price all this was fantastic!
5	Tina's Alterations is great. I stopped by last week to get alterations done on jeans and take the waist in. I love them and I just dropped off a shirt and another pair of jeans. Excellent service and I will be bringing clothes here now to be tailored.
5	I've brought many suits and dress shirts to Tina's Alterations. The owner, Anne, is a perfectionist and my clothes are always flawless. I highly recommend to men that want to look good in their professional clothes.
5	Talk about a lifesaver. I bought my bridesmaid dress this past January for a September wedding. Unfortunately, I gained some weight. Three weeks before the wedding, the bridesmaid dress barely zipped up; it was so uncomfortable. I've never had anything altered so I had no clue if there was any hope on making the dress larger...I was scared to even ask. Tina was amazing! She put my mind at ease and I finally slept well knowing she would do an amazing job with the confidence and expertise she exhibited. She made it sound like it was going to be so simple and never questioned her own judgement. I picked up the dress today with the wedding happening in 4 days and I can't be happier. It's so comfortable and flows beautifully.
5	I took my grandmother's 65 year old wedding dress to be remastered for me.  There were alterations done in the 1980s for my mother as well.  Tina's took on the project and did an amazing job.  The dress fits perfectly and it beautiful.  A simple dress is often the hardest to perfect with clean lines and I could not be happier with the job they have done.They also created a matching lace jacket and veil custom order to match the lace we added to the dress.  Thank you so much and I cannot wait to wear this dress for my wedding!!
5	My very first visit I had a small opening in the arm of my leather jacket. When I got home I later noticed that the place next to what was repaired had come apart. Reluctantly I made a second trip in to have a lady look at the place that had came apart. They showed wonderful customer service by offering to repair at no charge. Turn around time for your basic alterations seems to be just a couple days and as long as you stay away during lunchtime, the parking is quite ample. That makes for an easy drop off and pick up. I think I have found my top choice for all alteration needs!
4	Need some clothes tailored?  Look no further. Tina's Alterations offers the most affordable and quickest turn-around time in all of Elizabeth.  She is the only person who works in the front of the store but does have a lady that helps her make alterations in the back of the store.  There are two private changing rooms and a mirrored platform for your use while she makes her adjustments in pins. If you like her on Yelp, she will give you a 10% discount.  The decoration of the store is a bit outdated, but the work she does with the clothes is phenomenal.  I recently took her some very expensive J.Crew dress pants and she made them fit perfectly.  There are several options when getting clothes tailored, but Tina is by far the best!!
