4	Landmark education is an educational dialog held in a workshop setting that often produces life changing results.  I don't want to sound like a commercial for their curriculum for living, but as adults, we all get stuck in the way we see and do things.... the Landmark Forum provides a dialog that can help people view things in a different way, thus getting them "unstuck."The Landmark Forum takes place over three consecutive days and an evening session (generally Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Tuesday evening.) Each full day begins at 9:00 a.m. and typically ends at approximately 10:00* p.m. Breaks are approximately every 2-3 hours, with a 90-minute dinner break. The evening session generally runs from 7:00 p.m. to 10:15 p.m. (in certain locations, from 7:30 p.m. to 10:45 p.m.).It is not cheap, but in my opinion, it is worth it. Landmark Education courses are accepted by most employers for CEU credit that is accepted by most professional organizations.  (think tax break AND pay enhancement) There are additional courses and seminars offered at very low cost to support the learning from the Forum, but the forum is the way in the door.I know a lot of people who attended Landmark, and whether they are actively attending classes now or not, all of them are glad they took the course.
3	For the right person this is incredible self awareness education. They are hard sellers into your "next step" but what they offer can definitely transform your life.
5	I first did this program back in 1989 and it is one of the best things I have ever done. Out of my participation in the first program, I got a much deeper relationship with my family members, especially my Dad. We became much closer as a result. Out of a later program that I did I manifested a job that I loved making more money than I had made in any of my previous jobs. At Landmark Education the conversation always revolves around what is possible and opens the doors to creating miracles. I have recommended Landmark to a lot of people and everyone who has participated has been very glad that they did. I highly recommend it.
5	Landmark's programs are like fancy can openers, and you're the can. Most people don't have a clue why their life is the way it is or why the make the choices they've made or continue to make. Even if you think your life is perfect and couldn't get any better, there's still room to grow in unexpected ways. Landmark's programs work by giving you access to "blind spots" in your life that you don't even know exist. There's no dogma, no philosophical framework, nothing they're telling you to believe or trust. It's like they hold up a mirror, shine different color lights on you, and ask, "What do you see?" People who criticize Landmark don't like what they see, and prefer to blame the mirror rather than their own attitude about themselves. The biggest complaint people seem to have is around how Landmark markets themselves. They don't advertise; instead, they rely on people who've gone through their programs to share what they got with their friends and family. It can seem overbearing, especially when people actually DO get a lot and are really excited about it -- it's like trying to tell an excited 2-year old they're being annoying. As for the cost ... if you compare it with other similar programs, the value you get from Landmark's programs is astounding. The Landmark Forum costs $550 and that includes at least 70 hours of classroom and seminar time, which is led by highly-skilled people who are passionate about what they do and measured by how effectively they actually create their intended results. That works out to under $8 per class-hour of time. What did you pay for your college classes? Many of Landmark's competitors charge thousands for just the weekend; the seminars are all extra.All in all, if you're someone who may feel that there's room in your life for more good to show up, you know it's out there, but you just don't know how to find it or reach it, then the Landmark Forum may be for you. Because what's in the way of more good in your future is usually some crap from your past that you're not even aware that it exists.
5	Landmark Worldwide offers extraordinary training and development programs.  I've been participating in their courses for more than 24 years and am truly living a life that I love as a result.   I've also had the privilege of watching literally thousands of other people do the same.   There really is not a stronger accolade I can provide than that...
4	Landmark offers training and courses World wide and the results In have seen in some people have been absolutely amazing and some of the people you can meet and interact with are amazing as well. This work is fantastic in allowing you to work on and transform yourself as a person and really find out just who you are as a person. The courses are expensive and the hours are long. I strongly recommend either requesting a comfortable chair or even bring your own as the chairs provided are absolutely dreadful. That being said Yes I completely recommend this course work and bring with you an open mind and be willing to listen to the material at hand.
