4	Adore Bridal Boutique is a super cute bridal consignment store in Gilbert.  Be aware that the store is open by appointment only, but the owner, Decy, is super quick to respond to requests.  As Genevieve mentioned, the shop is challenging to locate, sharing a suite with a church office.  The entire salon consists of 2 small rooms, one of which is where the gowns, accessories and changing area is located.  There is enough room for 2 of your friends to sit and that's about it.  I would recommend an appointment in the winter months.... I'm not sure if the AC was broken or just simply not on.  There was a floor unit which was not doing enough to cool the suite and it seemed a little silly to wear gloves to touch the dresses while being covered in sweat. As for selection, its pretty good considering the size of the store.  I found 6 dresses I really liked to try on in size 12+.  A good think about this location is the number of LDS brides in the area.....many of the dresses had sleeves which are difficult to find! Many of the dresses have sale prices and rental prices.  Rentals are for 1 week and run about $75.....perfect if you are on a tight budget or timeline.  Could be a problem if you needed alterations.   Ultimately the heat got to me (it was 105 that day and had to have been 85 in the salon) and I was not able to make a decision besides it being time to leave.  Decy was super friendly, down to earth and helpful.   I would recommend Adore Bridal Consignment if you are looking for great prices and are willing to wear a previously loved gown, its worth the drive.
4	Great service from Decy. The business model is great and the owner is so helpful. Prices are very reasonable from what I could see and though some dresses are once worn, they do a great job of cleaning it to "like new". Selection is much smaller than a traditional bridal salon but this may be the place you find your gem. Although I didn't find my dress here, I was encouraged by their constant refresh in inventory and the few unique vintage styles I did see. I agree with the other reviewer in that it is hard to find. It neighbors a church in a quiet shopping center.
5	We came here after a huge disappointment at David's Bridal in Paradise Valley. It is by appointment only, but the woman who worked there (her name slipped my mind!) was right on time. She was so sweet and seemed very excited for my friend. Keep in mind, there is a fairly small selection here as it is a consignment boutique, but it was still lovely. The inside is really cute, very boutique-y, with a small selection of shoes, veils, dresses, veils (and other adorable hair accessories), etc. A lot of it is designer labels. My friend is a size 12 so there were actually quite a few dresses in her size. There is a huge mirror with a platform to stand in front of in the dressing room, and a little couch for guests to sit on. She even put on some nice music!The first dress my friend tried on was gorgeous, fit nearly perfectly, and she loved it. It was very original looking. The price-point was spot on (most of the dresses are around the $500 range, some a little less, some up to $1,000, some rent-able for less). She ended up buying the dress and a veil - which the woman keenly chose to match that particular dress. They also have a tailor that they work with/recommend to make it easier for you. Needless to say, myself and the bride were pleased with how we were treated here and I would/will definitely recommend it to friends.
5	I totally like the idea of recycling any of your wedding attire. I tried to sell some of my wedding stuffs - sash, tiara, veil, dress at preownedweddingdresses.com  and did not really have any luck. I finally consign them to Decy - the best part is, there is no fee unless they are sold.Decy helped me get some money back from my expensive wedding spending and she also told me that the new bride enjoys my sash and my brooch bouquet.I am so glad to find out about Adore!
5	I consigned my dress here after listing it unsuccessfully on Craigslist for quite some time. I could not be more impressed with the customer service and communication. My dress found a new owner and I was able to recoup some of the money spent on my dress. I would absolutely recommend Adore to others.
5	This is my first yelp review. I just wanted to share the awesome experience I had at Adore. Decy was super helpful and sweet. Even though the selection wasn't as large as some of the bigger stores, she has a great selection of designer, beautiful, dresses and all at a great prices. Definitely quality over quantity!  I would highly recommend checking this place out if you're looking for your wedding dress. She also has a nice selection of shoes, veils, tiaras, jewelry etc.
5	I had been trying for a while to sell my gently used wedding dress. I tried preownedweddingdresses.com and craigslist and got plenty of views, but no takers. That's when I started looking into a consignment store. I'm so happy I found Adore Bridal Boutique. They were able to sell my dress and now it will be able to be worn again instead of sitting in a box somewhere. Decy was so nice and easy to work with. I'll be sure to recommend anyone I know to her little store.
5	Adore is a great place to buy or consign your gown. I consigned my high-end gown, it sold, I receive the amount I wanted and they gave me an excellent % of the selling price. Highly recommended.
4	I love my dress that I got recently from Adore! Decy was very nice and helpful! I wish there would have been more selection, other than that I really enjoyed me experience here!
5	I LOVED my experience at Adore Bridal!!! I have always been a fan of consignment, but I was a little nervous of what to expect for consignment wedding gowns. However, I could not have been more impressed! The new shop in Tempe is quaint, but they have a great selection of beautiful dresses. The coolest part of my experience was that I found the exact gown that I had been looking at online for half the cost!! Decy was super flexible with setting up times to meet for payment, and she was so helpful during the selection process. I will be sending all of my friends here!
