3	Pan style pizza by the slice, garlicy breadsticks with nacho cheese sauce, a decent salad bar, and quick service makes Rocky's a solid lunch option.Best bets are the sausage & roni super slice, or the garden slice. Visit at around noon on a weekday and you'll be in and out in no time. Salad bar is light on meaty toppings, but the lettuce is consistently good as are the veggie options.This location has a movie theater and game room as well; plenty of seating during most times of the day.
2	They have a nice place here, especially in the winter when it is nice to warm up by the fireplace which is in the center of the room.But they fall down on the food and cleanliness.   Their bathroom is not terrible but not clean either and small.Their salad bar is small and I have gotten spoiled food in my salad.Their pizza is usually good but I have gotten slices that are way overloaded with grease.  I mean I used to take my napkin and soak off the grease before I took a bit.  Sometimes two napkins full of grease.Yeah, not cool.   Haven't been back for some time now due to the food quality issues.
1	I eat lunch between 10am and 11am because I begin my day at 5am.  I went to Rocky's  recently at 10:30am to give them another shot.  Their door said they opened at 10:30am.   The door was locked.  Waited for two minutes,,,,, still no one.   Went to my car.   As I drove out the lot I saw someone opening the door.   Bye bye....
3	This is a solid Rocky's location.  I generally get fast service, the prices are average for Madison, and they have a nice bit of games and a fireplace.  The pizza is similar to Unos but I consider it less greasy.  I would recommend this Rocky's to people planning to try the place out.  The one on Monona drive is nice also.  AVOID the East Wash location.
3	Let's just put it out there:  You don't get to meet Rocky when you come in.  It's a let down for sure.  If you're in the neighborhood wanting some lunch, I love this place.  You'll get a good deal on a slice of pizza, their salad bar, and a drink.  For the pizza?  It's quality stuff.  Think Pizza Hut, but with a more flavorful crust.  I'm also a fan of the rectangle orientation.  Not sure why a rectangle pizza tastes better, but I don't question it.Bottom line, you won't be disappointed.  It's a quality pizza, and a great place to stop by for a good lunch.
3	Its not gourmet pizza, but it is good for a chain. Its one of the only places to get a slice of pizza on the go for a reasonable price. The breadsticks are a great indulgence, especially if you like butter and garlic, its not not just dry bread. The staff is always friendly and there is almost never a wait if you order at the counter. We almost always take it to go, I am not a fan of the seating area. It smells very much like fast food and is not too comfortable. Overall, its a great place to get a slice and breadsticks for lunch or dinner on the go.
1	OMG this place sucks. I didn't want to wait for a made to order pizza, so I go the slices. It seems that they sell quite a few slices, so you would think they would be okay or at least edible. It was HORRIBLE. They are slices of undercooked doughy bread, as the crust, with grease oozing everywhere. Literally, I had to take a napkin and place it underneath the slices in the box, because I didn't want the crust to become soggy. IT WAS PURE CRAP. And get this, each one was about $4.
2	It's at a hop, skip & a jumps distance, in front of the hotel. That is why I decided to go for it first. It has a spacious family dining area. They offer pasta, BBQ rib tips, Buffalo wings, salad bar, beer, and four varieties of pizzas. However, I wasn't too pleased with their pizza by the slice. It's very good, but not pizza by the slice material.
2	I love me some Rocky's, but this location has a number of strikes against it. First, it's got a strange location that isn't the easiest to get to. Second, the layout is odd. They were updating the exterior, though it's the interior that really needs help. Lastly, the pizza was ok, but didn't seem to live up to what I usually expect. Plus they gave me the wrong slice to start with.
1	Bout as low quality pizza as you can get, but it definitely can serve a quick, greasy pizza fix if you need one. They have a drive thru so you can literally drive off with an 800 calorie greasy square slice of pizza for $4.50 in under one minute. It is probably best to go around peak times so it'll be fresh (or to ask which slices are most recently cooked).
3	Kind of surprised at the low reviews, then again, I've only gotten delivery from this Rocky's location. Deliver in general has been decent. There was one occasion where it was a good hour+ waiting time before our pizza arrived, however, it was also a Packer game on during the time we ordered. A medium pizza has 12 slices. The slices are cut into squares and are pretty large. 2 slices should feel you up. A good 2-4 people should have able to get full from this size pizza but I guess it depends on how hungry you are. Personally, I like their pizza. To this day, I swear by Costco having the best pizza so I cannot say it's the best but it's better than other pizza chains.
4	Awesome as usual.  Delivery was right on time, both the order taker were pleasent and professional, and the pizza has always and seams to continue to rock.
3	I have been coming to Rocky's since I was a kid. It is great when what you want is fast comfort food. My kids have grown to love it too. Not super healthy, but yummy for a treat.
