4	First time enjoying wine flight at the newly opened The Sorting Table. They are working on more group tastings and food pairings. I recommend them for your wine selection needs and they are in the 7th Street Market so you can get lots of local foods.
3	Another great addition to the 7th Street Market.  Not only is this spot a great resource for finding wines but they do a great wine tasting every Tuesday evening between 5-7pm I think.  It's $5 and they credit you with a voucher worth $5 towards any bottle.  Can't really beat that.  As far as selection it is a vary wide selection.  As the normal, pinot, zins, cabs, etc. but also some rarer grapes that you can't find just anywhere.During our visit we noticed that Pure Pizza was also giving out complimentary pizza during the wine tasting...that's a double score!
4	Compact wine store right inside the Seventh Street Station!  Perfect place to stop prior to heading to a party.  They have a good variety of wines and if you are not sure what you like go to their wine tasting on Tuesdays! The folks working here are very nice and knowledgeable - don't forget they will validate your parking!
5	I love this wine shop. It's in the 7th Street Market and it's perfect. The owner knows his wine and will go out of his way to help you find a brand you been searching for. It's all a Greek pardise. If you want to learn about wine and talk comics book. Go to the Sorting Table.
5	$5.00 wine flights  on Tuesdays
5	Josh at Assorted Table is the go-to for the perfect wine.  He has extensive knowledge and refreshing takes on each of the wines he sells.  Have a bottle of wine in the market while eating a pizza or come to the $5 wine flights on Tuesday nights.Do it now!
5	I have purchased wine from all over Charlotte throughout the years. While most stores are for the most part helpful, Josh is always happy to help and puts you at ease if you aren't a very educated wine drinker. He's truly excited about wine and his opportunity to help you find the right bottle at the right price. You can tell him about wines you've liked or tell him aspects of wine you enjoy like "earthy" or "spicy" and he nails it every time. I can't recommend his store in the 7th Street Market highly enough.
