5	This place has a Beer Cave!  Seriously, that's what they call it.  We got to go in and select the beer of our choice from shelves and shelves of single bottles, everything from Bud to Hoegaarden to Chimay and back again.  So many beers I've never even heard of.Anyway, they have hot dogs too...soooo many choices.  I came with a group and we all easily satisfied our hot dog cravings.  I had the veggie dog with cheese, tomatoes and dill pickles, and it was so so yummy.  Everyone else was thrilled with their dogs as well.  We also got cheese fries with ranch dipping sauce, fried zucchini, and onion rings...and heart attacks...just kidding, but damn what a greasy meal of awesomeness!
5	It would get 4 stars for the name alone.  The idea that they would just sell you hot dogs and six-packs is so just and pure it almost makes me want to weep.  I went here and had the bacon chili cheddar dog and one with relish, kraut, and brown mustard.  Both were excellent dogs, and their beer list is incredible.  Again, how come we can't have this is Boston, where it comes off as real?  If they tried this in NYC or Boston, it would come off as a gimmick.  Whereas here, in Swissvale, it just seems like a neighborhood place with a twist.  A coronary twist.  So good.....
4	This place was great! I was a little bit let down by the Chicago hot dog as it had too much mustard. That said, however, I was really excited by the beer selection and the neon green relish. If you're looking for a chill meal, this is a great place to check out!
5	D's is a classic pittsburgh joint.  Their main fare is hot dogs with a wide variety of toppings, but their menu also includes other standard bar foods like Pizza, calzones, hoagies, etc.  But let's be honest, while the food is good, when D's comes up in conversation it is unlikely because you are raving about the "chicago dog" you had there last night: D's is widely recognize as the location of the "beer cave", a massive collection of beers from around the country and even around the world.  Everything from little-known microbrews to fairly exotic imports like Delirium Tremens (the variety comes from the fact that they are owned by the same people as the nearby McBrooms beer distributor, I have been told).    A group of us grad students goes there every thursday night, so say hello if you're there.  An added bonus is that the "new" side of the restaurant is already smoke free.
3	This place came highly recommended when I moved to Pittsburgh two years ago. They have an amazing beer selection, good dogs and they must have expanded the place in the last year because they have a pull up garage wall that I never noticed before. Fries are good too. Something about it is gimmicky to me but I'll let it go. Might as well stop here first before going to see a movie across the street...
3	It's getting three stars for the beer selection.  The hot dogs are nothing special, nor is one enough if you're hungry. I can buy a package of hot dogs at Giant Eagle and get the same effect times 10.Last time I was there someone said the pizzas looked good. Next time.
4	This place is no longer the cool hole-in-the-wall place to get a hot dog and beer (from a good selection).  They've expanded and that is both good and bad in my mind.  I liked the small, personal feel to the old place, but it definitely limited how many people who could be in the shop at a time.  So, now they have a much more extended seating area with a bar area and a back room devoted to brews.  I brought my friends here who like beer, and they were ecstatic to find a fave beer that they haven't been able to find anywhere in the DC area.  (Go Pittsburgh!).  The selection is nice and its good to see that I can find those out of the way beers so that I don't have to get just the norm from a beer distributor.  The hot dogs?  None of us were gushing about them afterward.  But they're ok.  4 stars for the beer selection.
4	Though you may hear this comment about many places in Pittsburgh, D's Sixpax & Dogz is a bit of an institution. This place used to be a tiny closet-like neighbour bar. It has expanded in the past couple years, moved the beer around and now they keep most bottles in a walk in beer cooler. They also have a rotating selection of draft beers. They still have a beer cave in the back. The beer selection is quite good. The service can be both good and bad, depending on the server you get. The place is very relaxed. The food isn't particularly memorable. I enjoy the fish sandwih. Fries are good. It's great for groups. It can get quite busy.
3	Love the BEER CAVE - would make any beer-neanderthal happy! Sorta like grabbing a cold one out of your friend's fridge, except D's has a giant selection.The servers were pretty friendly, even when it was last call. I can't say the food was so great, but the beer options and good prices help to make up for it. This seems like an easy-going neighborhood bar, and I bet it's even nicer when the garage door window is open during the warmer months.
4	good beer selection- both on tap and in the beer cave. located in a nice neighborhood.  the chili cheese dog is fantastic and so are the fries!!
4	D's is a family friendly bar with a great selection of beers, pizza, sandwiches and dogs. I have never had a bad meal here.
4	Their chicken BBQ pizza is among the greaseiest I've ever consumed, but their beer selection is good, atmosphere is pleasant, and service is friendly.
5	This is a great place to go if you're in the 'burgh. This small joint expanded in the last year. great dogs and a huge selection of beer, imported and otherwise. Service has always been decent and better. Sports agames are often on the TV so get ready for that. Atmosphere is pretty neat- there's a weird mural in the larger seating area that's worth a peek and a air duct in top of the room that's cleverly painted like a wooden beam- can't get over that. I am a fan. Go here- then go catch a movie at Regent Square theater up the street.
5	Made my first trip to D's today.  By far one of the best bars I have been to.  Great atmosphere, good food for a bar, and how can I not mention the BEER CAVE.  They have an impeccable selection of brew.  Great place to go for a night out or just to have a good time.  I would imagine a Stiller game would be pretty fun to watch.  The prices are just right including drinks, but if only we could do something about the county drink tax.  I will visit this place frequently.
3	The hot dogs are somewhat disappointing and the beer is slightly overpriced, but you come here for the sheer selection of those beers. An enormous beer cave makes one feel like a kid in a beer store. Unfortunately, only their cheaper domestic/import selection is refrigerated, which really sucks cause you can't drink those beers you find int he beer cave right away. Still, if you're looking for selection, this is the place.
4	Very very VERY good beer selection. I liked going into the "beer cave" and finding a wide selection of Belgian beers including ones that I hadn't seen since studying abroad in Paris. Hot dogs were excellent, and not as messy as I had anticipated; the fries were fantastic. Service was a bit slower than I would've expected for a lazy Monday afternoon. I don't think it takes very long to prepare a hot dog, so that's the only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars.
4	Frosty drafts, the best veggie dog I've ever tasted, and delicious whole wheat-crust pizza.  Thankfully, since their beer selection is vast and ranges from relatively cheap to ridiculous, the food is generally well-priced.  Toning it down on the drinks can easily bring your bill down to a manageable twenty bucks for two people.  They get a little extra bump from me because they so graciously hosted the Pittsburgh Beer Society for a long time, AND gave PBS members 10% off their beers.  The downside?  Service can be spastic, and I've never seen each person at a table get each of their meals at the same time.  One person can scarf down two (delicious) Chicago dogs long before their partner receives their (equally delicious) calzone.  But Omar, hipsters and yuppies?  Aside from the occasional pair of skinny jeans and a trucker cap or two, I've seen mostly families taking advantage of D's great prices and groups of friends chatting and sharing drinks.  It's definitely not a place to go to see and be seen, which suits me just fine.
5	Sick tap selection.  Better than anything in D.C. where I currently live.  I was shocked.  So many Stone beers as well as other breweries that I rarely see.  Went here twice while visiting Pittsburgh.  I liked the scene here.  It was low-key and people were polite.  The hotdogs were great.  I had the Chicago dog.  I loved the peppers they put on the dog; not sure what they were.  I definitely recommend this place if you like craft beer.
3	Even though they were out of the first beers we asked for (the Dogfish Punkin) this place hit the spot for a junk food craving. Vegetarians: the veggie dog is awesome, not rubbery or pale but nearly mistakable for an actual hot dog. I ordered one with kraut and mustard, and my boyfriend braved the three-cheese dog, which was hard to pick up but looked tasty. Their fries were good, and were generously portioned (definitely shareable) for a $1.50 small. Next time, we'll delve more into their beer selection.
5	Best beer selection and bar food I've ever had- anywhere. The Vienna Beef hot dogs are delicious and the Buffalo wings the best in the 'burgh. The kielbasa and fish sandwiches are solid, as is their pizza (I was skeptical- I thought, why not stick w/ just the hot dogs since they're perfect? but they're also very good.). Skip the chips- they taste burned. The fries are sooo good- get them with chili and cheese or pub style (cheese and bacon with homemade ranch to dip in)...  Yes if you eat this every day it will kill you, but if you're looking for the best bar food- this is it. If you're looking for the best beer selection- you can't find anything better. Good selection on tap and amazing variety in the beer cave (they say it's ~1000 different beers). Some say Sharp Edge has better on tap...but their food is terrible.
4	The name itself is pretty self explanatory.  You can pretty much get a hot dawg any way you like it.  Although I've never tried a Chicago Dog in Chicago, D's Chicago Dogs are one of my faves on their menu.  D's also makes a mean chili which is good on your dawgs or pomme frites.  Not to mention the plethora of beer!! They have almost every beer imaginable (unfortunately not on tap). D's is a local favourite and is definitely worth a try when visiting Pittsburgh.
5	D's is a legend in beer in Pittsburgh. The selection can't be beat and the food is unique and a style all its own. Thanks's for the years of beers, D's
4	I come here for the veggies dogs. My husband comes here for the beer cave. The beer is a bit expensive (compared to buying it in stores in NY). But if you're craving your favorite difficult to find because of the crazy PA licquor laws, this is your place. This place is family and group friendly, so sometimes you might have a wait.
5	I love two things: beer, and hot dogs. I really love hot dogs.Gross, I know right? My bf is a vegetarian and he won't come near me with hot dog breath. But this place has veggie hot dogs too!!! Not to mention- the amazing amazing beer selection. Definitely one of the best I've seen in the Pittsburgh area. Coolers line the back wall and part of the perimeter of the store. If you get take out, it's a dollar off a bottle! Yayyy. They also have a cooler that (I think) is constantly reserved for whatever seasonal beers are appropriate at the time. Mmmmmm.Try the Roethlisberger hot dog, it's got cole slaw and french fries on it.
5	This is probably my favorite bar in Pittsburgh.  The pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  My only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!
4	One of the few reasons I may miss Pittsburgh when I go to grad school. The hot dogs are piled on high with the best, fattiest stuff I can muster up, and the beer selection is one of the best in Allegheny Co. Great for a night out with friends, followed by indie movies at the Regent Square Theatre across the street.
4	What a cool place.  The beercave was very unique.  If I hadn't just had my wisdom teeth out, I would have totally sampled some of the fine brews they had stocked away.  What I did enjoy was the friend zucchini.  It was hot from the fryer when it got to our table, and it absolutely hit the spot.  I'd never had it before, and zucchini is one of my favorite vegetables.  My friend said that the service can be slow, but we didn't have any problems.
3	Well, it has good hot dogs and a wide, wide variety of beer, stocking without pretense; Miller and Unibrau.  The hot dogs are good.  The beer is unfortunately not so cheap; six packs aren't much cheaper than just buying four or five beers.  Bad for groups more that four people; great for two or three.
5	Driving back from here right now. Great first experience. I'm not really a huge hot dog guy either. I eat them twice a year: Memorial and Labor Day. However, the hot dogs were really good. I got the chicago beef dog. Wasn't a huge fan of the relish (don't really like sweet with savory) but I gave it shot. Friend got a custom turkey dog. He said the colesaw was great, as was the entire hot dog. We also split small chili cheese fries. They were fantastic. Fries were crispy. Service was fast.Great selection of beer. I got the Seamus red ale. The beer cave is awesome. Beware of the yellow mustard though. After several washings, my hands are still dyed yellow.
5	Place was awesome.Delirium on tap.Hot dogs with mac n cheese on them.
4	In my final meal in Pittsburgh, I finally had the closest thing to a Pittsburgh sandwich and that was the Big Ben Hot Dog with cole slaw, fries, and a cheese sauce. It oddly worked and I enjoyed the meal before I had to hit the road. The fries our table shared was also a winner as they were crispy and uniformly cut and fluffy potato goodness in the middle. Definitely a great cheap eats spot.
5	Awesome beer awesome dogs.
5	D's is the 'it' place for Pittsburgh... especially for those that like beer. There are several Belgian pubs around Pittsburgh, but D's is a whole different experience. Yes, the cave is like a candy shop. The cave is located in the back of the left side. The first time I went (after reading Yelp reviews) I was a little intimidated to head straight past the bar. It's not like BevMo so don't expect to save a lot on a six pack but if you're interested in sampling and trying out different craft or imported beer it's the place. Plus, who can resist a cheap, filling hot dog?Hm.. hungry. I'm going there now.
5	I came here with a bunch of Russian language students who go to the University of Pittsburgh, figuring locals and Russian speakers would know the best bars.  I was not wrong.This place is absolutely awesome, with an impressive beer selection and great prices.  The staff is spot on with suggestions and somehow able to keep up with about 100 simultaneous and separate tabs going at once.  At happy hour, I had incredible Belgian wheat beer for about $3 and even the pizza wasn't bad.  For the upscale beer they serve, the place isn't trendy or yuppie.  You go to the cooler in the back and just grab your own bottle or ask for a pour of whatever they have on draft (it changes often).  They even let you make your own six packs and walk off with them. The music is good, and not played too loud so that you can talk to your fellow pubcrawlers.  Highest endorsement.To Rob, ogromnoye spaceba!
5	To speak ill of D's would be blasphemy to any true Pittsburgher. It really doesn't get much better if you're in the mood for pub grub. Pizza is awesome, the fries are amazing - I'm going to go as far as saying better than Potato Patch - they are so crispy and not swimming in grease! What is their magic method? The burgers and dogz - all gluttonous goodies and you can get them all veggie style. If you're watching your waist line you may want to skip this place...but I say go ahead and treat yourself! Oh! And did I mention the beer selection isn't too shabby? Watermelon beer in the summer...mouth watering.
4	great beer selection and good dogz.
5	Rupe Rankings of note:- #1: crave factor- #1: signature sandwich (hotdog)- #1: beer selection- #2: pizza- #2: friesMenu recommendations:- chili cheese dog- scorpassi (kielbasa with jalapenos)- garden pizza- plain fries- any brew you haven' t had or from blue point, ommegang or bell'sWhy you would go:- 1000+ bottled beers on hand for on-premise consumption or customized 6-pack creation- 30-40 brews on tap for pints or take-away growlers- awesome pub food- miller lite for cheap (in the new fully-stocked upstairs bar)- roll-up doors on the restaurant side for quasi-outdoor seatingWhy you wouldn't go:- with a larger group (more than 4 people)- seeking a quiet evening spot for kids (afternoons are fine for kids)- unwilling to pay the premium for micro / craft / import brews- unable to parallel parkOverall impression:Terriffic neighborhood place for a small group to grab some terribly unhealthy food and try some new beers.
4	During my visit to Pittsburgh, I wanted to experience the best that the city has to offer when it comes to local dives. And this place did not disappoint simply because of their awesome selection of imported beers and microbrews in the "cave". Just be prepared to shell out the cash for it. Any place that serves Delirium Tremens on tap deserves high praise! As a Chicago native, I've had my fair share of meat encased goodness. And while these signature dogs are very good, its hard to crown them the best I've ever had. On the other hand, the fries were perfectly crispy and delicious. therefore a must.  The waiting staff was super friendly and its plugged in a great neighborhood. Overall, I'd give the place 4 1/2 stars instead of the 4 if I could. What I had:Big Ben hot dog (typical Pittsburgh toppings)Chili cheese fries (the small was enough for two)Cold glass of DT (duh!)When did I go:Saturday @ noon - plenty of space without the waitWill I come back? Even though it was my first time, I would definitely come back again and again.
2	good selection of beers*, but the food is appalling. sysco-truk curly fries and run-of-the-mill hotdogs that don't even have natural casings. puh-leez. if you're gonna put "dogz" in the name of your restaurant at least try to serve something better than what you can get on sale at giant eagle. no joke: I prefer the O. their fries are made out of potatoes and their dogs have real casings. * and by "good" I mean "good for PA" where liquor laws are an absurd kafkaesque mess and a lindeman's geuze is about as interesting as it gets (for like $15, natch)
5	This is our favorite neighborhood restaurant. They serve "bar food", but there's a nice variety of vegetarian and non-vegetarian food. My favorite items on the menu are the veggie dogs, pizza, and soft pretzels. You can't beat their beer selection. Make sure to visit the beer cave while you are there and their section of take-out beer for an even larger selection.
5	D's has the best Chicago style hot dog in Pittsburgh. Whenever I come here, I usually get 2 of their Chicago dogs and a couple orders of chili fries when I'm with a bunch of people. The best part of D's is their beer cave. It is packed with beers all over the world. This was the only place I could find Perkuno's Hammer before it got retired. You can find bottles of literally anything here. The best part is that you can grab a 6-pack and just fit any 6 beers in it to go or have them for the table.
5	Living 2 blocks from this place is dangerous.  If you're into quality beer and good pub grub, then this is your place.  My favorites are the pizza, chicago style hot dogs and cheese fries!  When it comes to the beer, let's just say that there are more selections than you can imagine (... they claim 1000+!!!)
5	One of my favorite places to go have a drink.  There are really 2 areas, each of which are well-worth the trip alone.  The first area is the "beer cave".  Think high-end bottle shop, organized by country of origin.  There are some really rare finds that rotate through, plus all the favorites as well.  Anything in the beer cave (I thik there are over 1000 brands!) can be taken over to the eating area, and there is a rapid chiller to cool down your unrefrigerated bottles.  There is also a large walk in fridge to grab beers as well.The eat-in area serves a variety of quite good bar food, although I've only had the hot dogs once or twice.  The fries are great, and the draft selection in this area is awesome as well.  Overall, go here if you want a great beer selection and good bar food.  It's always pretty busy and the service is good!
4	First stop on my Midwest Brew Crawl with the BF! The BF ate here once last year and loved it so much that we decided that we needed to make it our first stop on our road trip to Minnesota. We planned our departure time so that we could get here at lunch (it was a mere 7 hour drive!) We both ordered the Bacon Cheese all beef dog (hot dog with bacon and melted cheddar on top) plus a corn dog, dusted wings and two root beers. We didn't try any of the beers on tap since we still had a lot of driving ahead of us. The Bacon Cheese was ridiculously good and I wished that I could have finished it. Unfortunately I hogged pretty much all of the corn dog since it was AMAZING!!!  The wings were also really good, maybe even among the top three chicken wings that we had the whole trip.I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is in the Pittsburgh area or anyone who is crazy enough to drive 7 hours for a hot dog.
2	I'm over it. Too many instances of bad service. Though that one woman who I have seen working there for a long time is solid. But going back to what I started with; seems like the inmates are running the prison these days. The beer to-go costs more here than it does in New York City or Brooklyn. Think about that people.(The Monroeville location is better, imo.)
4	This place is fantastic. A robust selection of beers on tap, and literally a thousand different beers in bottles - this place is half bar/restaurant, half beer warehouse. But the drink selection might not even be the best part, as the food here was awesome. I went with the Chicago Dog for a modest four bucks, and it was as good as any I'd ever had - perfectly grilled dog, all the right high-quality toppings and a fresh-tasting bun. The pub fries sealed the deal though - a huge pile of fries with generous helpings of perfectly-melted cheese and just-soft-enough-just-crispy-enough bacon. My friend and I could have shared the large order of Pub Fries and been just fine. I saw someone's sandwich across the bar, and it was truly enormous - I could come here with a friend and for ten bucks, get my fill of sandwich, fries and beer for the rest of the day. Great value, great experience!!
4	Awesome beer selection, draft and bottles. You can get beer to go. Hot dogs and more bar food type stuff. The fries are double-fried (Belgian style) and plentiful. High points of the sandwich menu: The giant fish, the Big Ben cheesesteak (toppings include fries & coleslaw), and the half-pound keilbasa with horseradish, brown mustard, and sauerkraut. Good pizzas too. The Swissvale Shroom is awesome mushroomy goodness, and I love the Popeye's on a whole wheat crust.One big warning: Service is wonky, especially if you order both pizza and sandwiches. The pizza kitchen is on a different schedule from the sandwich/dogs kitchen, and they make _no_ attempt to coordinate. Pizzas take 30 minutes and dogs take 10-15, so if you order a sandwich and your buddy orders a pizza, you'll be finished eating before his food gets there. Down sides: - The burgers are not very good. They come out large and dry. - Service is quirky (as mentioned above). - Gets crowded, especially on weekends. They frequently have a seating list in the dining room side, but I think the bar side is still "grab a table" - that's confusing. Beer only, though they've opened the "loft" upstairs that seems to have a full bar - I haven't been there.
3	I think their beer selection is much more impressive than their hot dog selection. although, mac and cheese on a hot dog is a pretty amazing option. but really, come for the beer cave and you won't be disappointed.
5	Everybody told me about this place when I said I was moving to Pittsburgh and, sure enough, it is awesome.  All the Belgian beer a girl could want.  And the wings.  And oh, the Mason Dixon dog.
4	I lived in Pittsburgh for four years and have never been to D's, but I visited recently and went with some friends. What lured me was the promise of veggie dogs and burgers, and I was not let down. I got two hot dogs--a Chicago and a mac and cheese. Really, really good. My boyfriend ordered the Red Alert dog (his was meat) and his face basically melted off, but he insisted he loved it. Then he said the spices may or may not have traveled to his tear ducts, but to each his own. He had a great time. My two friends also got the mac and cheese veggie dog and loved it. The beer cave is awesome. I'd love to give D's five stars, but like a couple of people mentioned, the service is lacking. Everyone is friendly, but I had to walk around and find our server so I could pay, and then find him again when he didn't return. It took us a while to get water refills, too. The dining area and the bar are separated, and it seems like the servers congregate in one place and leave the other vacant at any given time. Very nice people though.
5	I'm not from PA, I'm from VA.  In VA I worked at a wine and beer bar, where we served and I tasted some of the best beers in the world.  And in VA we don't have absurd old beer and wine control laws, meaning our access to reasonably priced, intelligently stocked beer is much higher than pittsburgh.  That said, the best selection of beer I've found in this city has been at D's.  You will find a number of american craft brews, trappist ales, etc.  The only problem is the price...  which is solvable.  D's has a great system, if you buy a bottle of beer to take out of the restaurant they take 1 dollar off the bottle.  This dollar off doesn't matter when you consider how small a normal bottle is, but when you look at the larger bottles it does.  The prices for their larger bottles with the dollar off are not much higher than you would pay in a specialty beer shop in a less regulated state.  The only problem is that you have to commit to drinking three or four beers instead of one - I'm not really seeing the issue with that, but I'm sure someone will.  Also, I've never eaten here, because hot dogs are generally not good.  Furthermore, I'm not sure why anyone would go to a hot-dog joint and expect good service.  So ignore anyone talking about hot-dogs and come here for the beer. Finally, parking sucks there's a lot of very busy restaurants and businesses on the same street, so expect to walk a little.
5	I go to D's almost every Wednesday night for a beer and a veggie dog after an hour of bouldering at the Wall.Their beer selection changes often, and I've never been disappointed.  If I don't know what the beer is, they'll often bring over a sample to try to make sure I like it.The veggie dogs are great, the cheese fries are great, and I've never had a problem with the service.   It can get crowded when a game is on, but just grab a beer and wait for a table.Pros: Fun menu, great draft beer selection, beer cave!Cons: Sometimes crowded and loud
3	D's does the chicago style hot dog very well, they even use sport peppers which I can never find in the grocery store. The bun is steamed and features the quintessential poppy seed exterior.D's beer selection is also great but I'm not much of a beer drinker so it's not something I've ever focused on. The general consensus I've heard is that there is better selection elsewhere and the prices are a little high but you can't beat both their hot dogs and their beer selection at the same time, making them a great bar.Their fries are so crispy that I suspect they're double fried. They're tasty and the toppings available can turn them into a bastard concoction of delicious, artery clogging glory. There's been nothing on D's menu that I've been disappointed with.The service can be a little hit or miss due mostly to the sheer amount of business they do on a Friday or Saturday night.
4	Any bar and/or restaurant that has "D's Nutz" on their menu is great-grand-wonderful in my opinion. Let's start with the beer. Say hello to barley-pop heaven here folks. Over 1,000 different types of brews? Holy--I thought I blacked out for a second. You take a stroll into either a walk-in cooler or a backroom lined with every beer under the sun, pick what you want and toss it into the complimentary cooler. This nifty little guy chills your bottle to whatever your desired temp is, fast! We're talking like 3-5 minutes. If it were just for the insanely intricate brew selection, D's would be a 5'er star, period.Now, let's move on to some serious dog biz-nas. This place was recommended to me from a frank-lovin' Pittsburgh-ite as the best place in town to grab one. Welp, I ordered my very first Chicago-style hotdog and was not disappointed. In fact, holy-fantastic-hot-peppers! The toppings were all so delish and blended perfectly with the dog. It was cooked just right on the outside, inside and served up with a freshly steamed bun. Yum. We also skipped the fries and enjoyed a baked, soft pretzel instead. This thing was fluffy, chewy and delectable. The only thing I would ask for more of is maybe a heftier frank. Don't get me wrong--everything was beyond delicious. I just noticed there wasn't much meatiness involved, and with all those topping options you want the hot dog to stand out too. Besides that, the atmosphere, help and general vibe of this little joint was spot-on. If you're in the 'Burgh, you must stop by D's. Seriously.
4	I got the rundown of PA drinking laws, its resulting greatness in D's. This probably has the biggest selection of anywhere I've been and the food is great too. Every loaded fries that passed hooked my eyes like I'd been celibate for a year. Take a dollar off for take-out beer too. I love the descriptions in the menus and how every hot dog is the same price.
5	Amazing. One of the best ever for bad to the bone great bar food.
5	Awesome. That is D's.Burgers, dogs, and fries are so done, right? Wrong. Excellent toppings, excellent food, excellent beer selection. The fries and vegetarian selections are well done, so no one feels left out.I didn't know about this place until I started getting into trying odd micro-brews and I was looking for some different beers I had while living abroad. The beer cave is an experience and you will not be letdown. I have yet to meet someone who feels that D's is anything less than stellar.Sidenote: I highly recommend D's Sixpax for someone's 21st birthday to pick out a six-pack from their epic selection of brews. (Also, buy them a hot dog, cheapskate!)
3	A day after the St. Patty's day libations the only thing I'm craving is some greasy junk food. Regent square hits the spot with some chili cheese fries straight from D's. Normally I enjoy fishing around the plentiful selection of booze. A hair of the dog was not gonna happen that hangover Sunday. I stuck to shoveling high calorie food into my gullet instead.The last time I was here I selected from the hot dog menu, and they weren't that great. How can you mess up a frank you may be wondering?  I can only guess that it's the dogs themselves or the way they are prepared. They're kinda chewy. Dormont dogs rallies but the best Dog I've had was at Dirty Franks in Cbus OH. The chili cheese fries are good though. So today I made sure to get my fries fix in and try a burger. This weekend I had burgers on the brain! My BF and I got the Balboa, the BBQ Texas, and two dogs, mac n' cheese and Mason Dixon with with cheese.The burgers had really delish toppings but the meat was so dry. It was overcooked and did not have one bit of juicyness dripping down my hand. Missing that major component they were truly lackluster. The macaroni dog wasn't that great either. Mac n' cheese should be creamy, salty, buttery. So sorry but this weenie came up flat too. I did like the Mason Dixon! The crunchy-ness of the coleslaw made a huge difference but the meat was still chewy and too salty. Could it be that I am too picky when it comes to my meat? If I am shopping for picnic eats I do go for Smith hot dogs WITH the casing or the large sized Hebrew Nationals. Now those are the mouthwatering crowd pleasers I'm talkin' about!
4	This place is one of the reasons we decided to move to Regent Square. I am not really a huge hot dog fan, but the BEER CAVE and FRIES keep me coming back (not to mention that it is walking distance from our house). We lived in San Francisco for several years, and this place also reminds us a bit of some of our old haunts in the Mission. :)In the summer, they open up the garage style windows, so this is a perfect spot to sit, sip beer (skip the wine though-- its not great) and work on your laptop or newspaper. If you are not into sports and just wanna chill, D's has two sides, so you don't have to feel outnumbered by screaming Steelers fans.  D's always has a nice mix of people as well- from young couples with kids, students, hipsters, to elderly folks. The staff is really nice and friendly and the large mural of local Pittsburgh celebs is pretty neat as well!Yeah, this place is one of the best, laid back spots here.  I am in love with the FRIES! I know I said this once, but they seriously do something very special to them that I cannot figure out.
4	Draft Belgian beer and a Mason Dixon dog.
5	Sometimes I get these intense cravings to stuff hot dogs and greasy french fries in my face. As someone who doesn't eat meat, the hot dog part of that is a rare occurrence. Thankful D's gives the option for veggie dogs. This makes me very happy. It also makes my hangovers happy too.Not to mention they have an absolutely spectacular selection of bottles and drafts. If I'm not here enjoying the little pleasures in life - such as fat, grease, and gluttony- I'm enjoying another sinful pleasure, booze. Every time I come here I'm overwhelmed with choices. This place is magical.
4	D's is just a great place to hang out. We biked here that single nice day in April and had lunch. The atmosphere is very chill, and the servers just wait on whoever needs help, which is cool. I am not a beer drinker but the beer cave is so impressive! I'm sure I could have found something special but wasn't in a browsing mood. Another thing, when I heard "dogs" I thought great - not veg friendly! But mistaken! They had tons of veg options! Not only veggie dogs are offered, but they have a great hummus platter, salads and more! I LOVED the hummus... so tasty! All in all, a great experience! I would love to come back and watch a daytime game here and grab a tasty bite!
4	This place is pretty good! they serve a selection of creatively topped dogs and some of the best greasy fries I have had in awhile. enough said!  Time to go drink some beer and devour this dog!
4	Love this local hot spot, also crowded and lively.  Greasy comfort food, great beer and root beer.  amazing election of bottled beer.  Staff is nice and this place is super kid friendly.  Order the veggie Chicago dog. Yum and messy too so watch your feet.
4	D's has so many great things about it, it's hard to pick which one's the best. The whole atmosphere of the place is great, very laid back and everyone there is always enjoying themselves.Obviously, the beer selection is great. I don't know how many different brews they typically have on hand, but it's a lot.  And you're encouraged to go pick out your own beer from the walk-in cooler, even if you're sitting at the bar.  The staff there is always friendly and you can sample some of the beers on tap if you're unsure of what you want.The food is pretty good too.  The dogs can be simple or loaded with all kinds of toppings, and are a staple of D's.  They also have a good selection on the rest of their menu too.  Chili cheese fries - great.If you haven't been there yet, stop by in the afternoon on a Saturday or Sunday for a great local vibe.
5	Enter into D's (after figuring out the correct door - I still make this mistake) and you'll be greeted by a long draft bar. For Chrissakes, they have Delirium on tap! The real jewel, though, is in the back. You have the beer cave with hundreds of different types of cold beers for carry out, or you can build your own six pack from the unchilled beers and chill them on the spot. D's is still the only place I've ever found the elusive Hopfenweisen by SchneiderWeiss and Brooklyn Brewery, perhaps the best beer I've ever had.While D's is worth it for the beer alone, the food's not bad either. The pizza is average, but they truly do have the best hot dogs in the city.Finally, bring a growler or buy one of theirs. Prices are reasonable and the selection is outstanding.
5	Beer cave!!
2	I don't understand the hype for D's, although I guess their beer selection *does* rule.  If selection drives your decision-making, definitely head on over.  However, if you'd like to receive anything other than slow, resentful service from your waitstaff, or food that is anything above sub-par, head on by without stopping.  I've lived just down Forbes from D's for 3 yrs, and walk down there with friends a lot during the summer and early fall.  I'm also a former bartender and waitress, so I can say with experience and certainty that I've received just downright terrible service there about 80% of the times I've been.  Once, a friend and I stopped in for lunch with her kids and ended up waiting for the check 18 minutes after we'd asked to receive it.  We were both fuming, and the waitress just looked annoyed and kept ignoring us to chat with her buddy.  Another time, my husband and I came in 15 minutes before the ordering deadline, and watched as the waitress did not approach our table until exactly the cut-off time.  She proudly announced that we could no longer order food (we just wanted pretzels, for god's sake).  Food is pretty lackluster, although it's a nice touch that they have veggie dogs.  Upstairs, expect about the same level of service, with a douchy element of annoyed resentment from the bartender, along with even douchy-ier clientele. I know D's is a favorite neighborhood place, but I'm tired of the abuse from waitstaff who look annoyed that I'm even there.  If this was just a once-in-a-while occurrence, I'd be forgiving, but 3 years is long enough to judge.
5	One of my favorites because it's so convenient, and there's an awful lot to like. My favorite dishes are the Big Ben Hot Dog or the Balboa Chicken Sandwich, and the beer selection is fantastic. We've also started to get our pizzas here, and they're quite good.
4	Local rootbeer is always a win, and the hotdogs and pizza were no disappointment.The jerk chicken wings, on the other hand...inedible.  Stick to the dogs and the za, you won't be sorry.
4	I go here a lot.  I think most folks who live in Regent Square/Swissvale/Edgewood area do too.  And it's probably not because the food is so utterly delicious.  It's because it's a groovy little place with young hipster (and some not so hipster) bartenders and waitresses that serves up an endless array of beers in a funky loud space.  I love Regent Square and always saw the potential for the grand old days of Hippy Free Love lying dormant in her quaint shops and family eateries ... until D's sprang to life in a former dry cleaner/gun shop space.  Oh yes, how the times have changed and we are all so thankful for it.  Big KUDOS to the D's Empire in Regent Square -- the Beer Distributor, D's Six Packs and Dogs, and the newest entrant Cibo!  Well done!  Stop on in for a nice hot pizza (I loved the Frickin Parker with meat balls and hot peppers but alas, it has been banished to the basement beer dungeon for-evah!) or a mediocre hotdog and languish in the beer heaven known simply as D's. They also have a smoky dark strange but intriguing (if you've had enough beer downstairs) bar upstairs now that serves alcohol.
4	How have I not reviewed D's yet?? I moved away from Pittsburgh over 5 years ago and EVERY time I come to town, I go to D's. I can't stay away from the awesomeness that is the large walk in fridge of specialty bottled beers or the take away section in the back where you can grab all kinds of good beers you want. Oh and they have a little quick chiller for the warm beers you grab in the back so you can drink them right away :-)The food! Ok, I love the veggie dogs on the bun just plain, but I've been rockin' some of the specialty ones lately. I highly recommend the Chihuahua with jalapenos and avocado, or the Mac n' cheese, with...well, mac and cheese. The housemade root beer is also divine. It's perfectly sweet and refreshing. This isn't diet food people! There are far too many (oh so lovely) temptations at D's. Splurge and get the cheese fries to share. A small is good for 2 or 3 people and perfect with hotdogs.Once you get a table, sit back, relax and enjoy the goods.You won't regret it.  D's is definitely not a rush-in, rush-out sort of place.
4	D's quite possibly has the best beer selection in Pittsburgh. There are always 20 micro brews on tap and they rotate seasonally. Last time I went they had a variety of pumpkin beers and I pretty much tried them all to figure out which I liked best. If you aren't feeling any of the beers on tap then take a stroll to the walk in cooler in the back and take your pick of hundreds of bottles. Bring the one you like back to the bar and the bartender will open it for you and bring you a glass. The bartenders are really chill, and though the service isn't overly attentive, it is perfect for the vibe of D's. And speaking of the vibe, D's has this old pub style feel with the walls meeting at strange angles making cool little nooks and crannies where you can sit and sip your beer with friends or maybe just read a book.D's is also known for their hot dogs, and while good and inventive, in my opinion are a little overpriced. For some reason I have trouble spending $5 for a hot dog. I've tried their wings and fries too, both good standard bar food, but again a tad overpriced. My friend and I drank beers (a good amount) and ordered food and our tab was $100.D's still remains the gem of Regent Square and is worth the pilgrimage to Beer Mecca if you have never been.
4	went here with a couple friends who live in Pittsburg for a quick drink.  Really cool atmosphere.  I got the run down as we sat about how it's a beer store and bar/grill all-in-one.  weird liquor laws i suppose.they had about 20-24 brews on tap.  went with the Terrapin Hopsecutioner, which I've had before and really enjoy it.  They had a lot of local seasonals on tap, but I had to drive and I was tired, so I stuck to only one.Food was decent.  Typical bar/grill menu.  We ordered up some Pub Fries and Wings.  Decent, nothing special, but I wasn't expecting the world.  My friend got a Chicago dog that looked amazing.
2	Obviously the great rep of this place is their beer selection.  A lot of bottles.  Decent tap selection, though you are guaranteed to have a rather lopsided selection among the taps.Food is fair; I've yet to go there with others and have our whole meal come out at once.  Salad will come first, then a couple of dogs, then fries.  If you are polite and civil and believe in not eating until everyone is served, well, let's just say that no one ever taught the manager, cooks or servers here that lesson.Now, their service:  Really lackluster.  "Entitled" is the word I would use.  It pains me to give them 15%, because honestly, they don't earn it, even when I was a regular and knew some of them by name. Meh.
5	Pittsburgh's very own "Cheers"I've lived in Pittsburgh for about 5 years now. I've been coming to D's for about 3...D's is one of the many gems of Regent Square.  It really is the place (if you go often enough) that everyone really does know your name....as well as what you like. Or in my case...the only beer I actually like enough to drink more than once.  The bartenders are all amazing people and really make you feel comfortable. The service is great and they are always ready with a recommendation for any newbies. All it takes is a few questions and they have a few suggestions. I have a friend who loves Magic Hat, and when finding out that D's didn't have it on tap that night, was totally bummed. When she told the bartender that she usually drinks MH, he made a recommendation. I was not at all surprised (she was) when she loved what he'd suggested. Your trip to D's wouldn't be complete without trying something from their extensive menu. Their hot dogs are great (and for those of you who are vegetarian, they have awesome veggie dogs), the pizza is delicious, and if you're craving wings, there's no better place to go (try the Jamaican jerk...they're my favorite!).Okay, so you're thinking good beer, good food, good service, what more could they possibly offer?  DON'T LEAVE YET! Before you head home, hit the beer cave and take some to go. If you can't find something to drink here, you may just be too picky (or a non drinker, which is totally okay, but I would suggest the root beer they have on tap before you give up.) My sister and I stopped in over the weekend for some pizza. We had the pleasure of meeting Dino, the owner. He's incredibly friendly and just a nice guy ( he bought us both a drink!). We chatted for a bit, and he moved on to greet some other patrons. I think it says a lot about  any place when owners and employees alike can be found there on a day off. If you're visiting Pittsburgh and anywhere close (heck...even if you aren't close) head to D's and grab a taste of a great local bar
4	Best burger and hot dog bar in town.  About 25 unique beers on tap.  I like the Chicago Burger, with a side of ever so crispy fries.  If you are in the mood for a burger and a few beers, this is the place to go.
3	I'm a vegetarian and everything, but man, sometimes all you want is a hot dog.  And you can get this at D's.  Every hot dog or hamburger on their menu can be ordered vegetarian, which is both awesome and rare.  I ordered the Chihuahua (with avocado, cheddar cheese, salsa, and jalapenos) and my table split an order of fries.  SO GOOD.  Almost too good.And you have to take a stroll around the beer cave.  It's not quite as impressive as I was hoping, but definitely worth the splurge to make your own 6-pack.  Last time I was in, I was able to purchase a 6-pack of porters - Anchor, Road Dog, Saranac caramel, Duck-Rabbit, Old Leghumper, and something else I can't remember - for a friend.  I'll definitely go back.
4	Service here is spotty at best, but the food keeps bringing me back! About 25 unique beers on tap.  I like the Chicago Burger, with a side of ever so crispy fries.  If you are in the mood for great dogs, a burger and a few beers, this is the place to go.  If they could only get the service down.
4	D's, Oh D's.  What a fun place to hang out, walk thru the beer cave and drool...also select a few beers to go.While it is not gourmet, U can have a gourmet dog.  The root beer is great, too.  So bring the kids.  Friendly but gruff service! lol!  Try the fries with chili or cheese! or the pimped up Pub fries!  Yum!   They have other food but I tend to get a dog, my fav is the Chicago Dog.
4	Sometimes the service here is hit or miss...they can get pretty busy. It can also get pretty crowded. But the food is good and the atmosphere is fun and laid back. And can you beat a room filled with beer? Can you beat mix and match six packs? Nope. 35 cent wing night, yum. Crazy deep fried, bacon covered hot dogs, yum.I will say though that I could not go here while I was pregnant...you can smell the delicious beer in the air and the Beer Cave taunted me mercilessly with that which I could not indulge...sigh. That was a tough nine months.Things I don't like so much...tables too close together and too small. The macaroni and cheese is bland, although you can't ask much for two bucks. There is nothing on their website right now other than the menu. Servers can be a bit brusque or forgetful and not refill your drinks without asking, but it kind of goes with the atmosphere I suppose.All in all as a Regent Square resident this is our go-to place to hang out and bring friends and visitors.
5	Everyone is so nice, tons of different beers to choose from, including a mix your own 6 pack deal and, just 3 words, Mason Dixon Dog!
5	D's is a fantastic place with food! Reasonably priced and a nice atmosphere! Can get crowded but that's because it's soooo good! I love the selection of beer, it always me to try out a new beer without having to buy a whole case!
4	Amazing beer selection on tap as well as bottled. You can get beer to go warm or cold and do mix and match six packs. Also, they have tons of vegetarian options. Great for Veg bar food.
5	LOVE this place. Delicious hot dogs (I am loyal to the mac & cheese topped hot dog - judge me, I don't care) & the most incredible fries around. I live in Regent Square & I'm thrilled to have a local go-to place for a quick dinner & a beer for very reasonable prices. They often have a $5 dog & fries lunch special that I gratefully take advantage of. Yum!
4	I am not huge on hot dogs or beer. However, I am huge on add-ons. This is where D's comes in. I totally recommend the chihuahua hot dog. It has avocado!!! The wings are delish too. This place is a must go for beer lovers. I am still the light and sweet kinda beer person, so I tried something with raspberry notes in it, and LOVED it! Oh and the fries are awe-frickin-some!! My second fave in the city after Point Brugge.
4	I have been to Pittsburgh several times in the last year and this place is one of my favorites.  Not just because the hot dogs are good and variety or them is pretty good too.  I come just for the beer cave!  Plenty of choice in there and the ability to pick your own is awesome!  It gets pretty packed in there on weekends.  Service is no nonsense.  Best is the beer selection in the cave.  This is the reason for the 4stars.
5	First off, even though McBrooms is the place to get beer... D's is a great second option when I want to get something nicer, or when McBrooms is closed. Anything from a case to a single bottle whenever you need it, already chilled, no strings attached. Prices are fair for the service too, and a walk-in beer cooler is definitely a plus. Also, the hot dog selection is great for both carnivores and vegetarians. My two favorites being the Chihuahua dog and the red alert dog. Spicy, spicy.
4	Great hot dogs.  Great beers on tap.  I always fill up on way too much beer and way too much food when I'm here because it's all so good.  I would recommend anything on the menu.And who wouldn't love the Beer Cave?  They have an amazing selection of beers to go.  It can sometimes be overwhelming.  But I like having so many choices.  The wait staff is always friendly and helpful.  Check it out!
5	D's looks unassuming, but it's really over the top. Sure, they have fries, but why not order fries with bacon and cheese on them, plus ranch dressing on the side (You should, by the way - those are the pub fries and they are delicious). You could order a plain hot dog, but why do that when you have a choice of five different kinds of frank, and toppings like the Chihuahua: avocado, salsa, cheese and jalapeno? Plus, your dog (even if it's a turkey dog like mine) might arrive at the table with a little char on it; that to me is the peak of hot dog flavor.I feel like a restaurant that serves cheese sauce like a food group should have a warning label on the door, but with their sense of humor, the label would say "Warning: the food inside is damn delicious and best consumed with a great beer."
1	Awful service; took us 2 and a half hours to get our food and the waiter forgot several items (then added a few beers we didn't order on to our tab; I'm assuming because he thought we were too drunk to notice.) Then we find out that after we had nicely split the tab for them (even adding in an extra $10 on top of the grat because we were too lazy to re-do the math) that they wouldn't split the check? In the time we argued about it, you could have run the 3 credit cards we had and been done with it.Had to argue with the manager (who was completely unhelpful, with one of the waiters standing behind her and being rude to me for backup) for 10 minutes and they didn't give us an inch. I would have stiffed the waiter for the awful service if I could have; but we got gratted so I didn't even have that option.If you want to come here with more than 3 people, avoid D's. Their beer is severely overpriced ($10 for a beer I can get at Sharp Edge for $6? no thanks!) and the food is the same fried garbage covered in cheese you can get at any other bar in Pittsburgh.In other words, don't come here. I used to like this place, but tonight was such a bad experience I'll just go to one of the other places in Pittsburgh that serves hot dogs, french fries and beer. There are plenty of them, I won't miss D's at all.
4	Something different here.Food, schmood, go there and drink the beers from the beer cave.  I don't think you have to wait for the server to open your beer, they'll notice and charge your accordingly.  It's all walk in and self service beer, why don't more places do that?!Mike
3	My husband and I live walking distance to D's and we do love D's... but the place is always so crowded and noisy, that I can't give it more than 3 stars.  I can't add much in the way of reviews here as to the food here, I think everyone has pretty much hit the nail on the head. The dogs are good, and I am happy they have veggie dogs. Beer selection is amazing.It's very family friendly, so if that's what you are looking for this is the place for you. Personally, I work with children all day  & love them to death, don't get me wrong... but I find parents here tend to let their children act out a lot, and I find it really distracting and not relaxing. Since I am with children all day, I like my meals to not involve yelling and running children. So to solve that problem, we just order take out and eat our dogs at home!
4	Any place that has a walk-in fridge full of beer gets my vote.  Go visit the beer cave!D's is one of those places I need to go to every time I'm back in town visiting family.  I usually go for a burger or wings (seriously I need to find good wings in LA...) and beer.  The food is always tasty and the service is excellent.  Regent Square is a really cute little area that has a ton of great bars and restaurants.  Highly recommended.
5	Though Dee's doesn't look like much from the outside, it is a hidden gem. They have one of the largest beer selections I have ever seen! The staff is helpful and friendly and the food is great!
4	Crowded bar atmosphere, spectacular beer selection, good bar food.  Great hot dogs.
4	we love to go to this place when we are in visiting the in-laws. it's a great place to meet up with old friends, order greasy food, drink craft beer, and catch up in a relaxed setting. The place can get kind of loud at night so make sure your group of friends aren't hard of hearing. The craft beer selection is excellent. You can make your own six pack to go or drink any one of the unique beers in-house. They also have beers on tap for a cheap price. Food wise, their wings are decent and the pizza is greasy and cheesy. The place is pretty bare bones 'burgh style. Not trying to be something it's not, but still offering unique, quality beer from around the world. For that I give it my fandome and return business.
5	D's is just one of those places I love going to. I can't get enough of picking out my own 6 pack of wonderfulness. All amazing beer. The food has never let me down. The service has always been good. This place is just awesome.
5	There's no wrong way to eat a hot dog.  Especially if it's topped with cheese, fries and coleslaw.Imagine if you will me sitting there and a myriad of punctuation marks pop up over my head as if I were in a cartoon.  My puzzlement showing because I have no sure shot way of how to accomplish eating this masterfully prepared awesomeness just sat down in front of me.  Or maybe it was because I wasn't sure I wanted to attack my Big Ben first or the pub fries I decided to order on the side.  My mind was buzzing...or maybe that could  have been the raspberry ale I chosen from the beer cave prior to me sitting down.  To say this hot dog is good is an insult to D's.  You better be prepared to say this hot dog is delicious, out of this world, life altering.......and maybe even orgasmic :O  The mixture of the poppy seed bun, coleslaw, fries, cheese, and beefy goodness....heaven.  Pub fries, pub fries, oi, Oi, OI!  Some of the best fried up taters I've ever had.  And to put some cheesy goodness on there was amazing.  But the best part was the cooked oh so right bacon that kind of melted in your mouth.  Sounds salty, no?  That's what the ranch is for.I have no idea why I waited so long to try this place out, I should be shunned for this.  If you are to shun me, shun me back to the beer cave, there are still several other beers I would love to try.The wait staff kind of remind you of worker bees.  Always in motion, always doing something, and very attentive.In all honesty, I really wish I could give this place more than five stars.
4	It was either Mother Theresa or the Baha Men who said "Who let the dogs out?" and I must say, I was glad someone let my bacon cheddar dog out of the kitchen and into my stomach.  Dee-licious!Stopped in here before seeing a movie at the Regent Square Theater for some beers, dogs and chili cheese fries.  I had two IPAs that were good and reasonably priced.  I couldn't finish the fries so I took them with me to the movie theater and the lady didn't mind that I brought them in.  I finished them fairly quickly once the movie started (I was seeing the Swedish version of "Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" so this was a while ago.)Also, since I was just visiting town, I didn't have a car and I rode the bus there all the way by myself!So the point is, you can eat here and get a great dog and good beer, and you can also take the bus here and then see a movie.
4	Yum! I think Ive been here three times since moving to PGH, Fav dogs: Chihuahua , Brat, and Chicago style dog. Never tried other entrees but their fries are nice and crispy. They have plenty of Belgian beers to choose from a bonus in my beer book.Beers: usually a good variety on tap plus tons of variety if you need to one stop shop and pick some six packs up in the back. Warning though if it is a busy summer evening you can wait up to one hour for your dog I think this is because they have tiny kitchen behind the bar. So if you're super hungry go early or later or fill up on their beer first. Also this doesn't really bother me i still ate my food but the guy cooking the food didn't wear gloves and did touch the food with his bare hands often. If you're OCD maybe just get a beer or don't sit at the bar where you can see this. Don't worry he didn't pick anything up off the floor and put it back on plates, i checked. :)
5	This place is like my second home. Not just because of the beer. Not just because of the great food - like hot dogs, pizza, burgers, salads.  But, because I just love the atmosphere there. The staff is awesome. The people who eat/drink there are always there to just have a good time while enjoying having a few great beers.I recommend this place for anyone that just wants a beer, anyone who loves hot dogs, etc.  Their pizza is actually REALLY good.Oh, and they have gluten free beers, which is good since I don't eat/drink anything with gluten in it!
4	The dogs are good.  The fries are decent.  The salads are good.  The wings are good. The pizza is good.  Even the burgers are decent.  Their draft selection is awesome.  The Monday night 35-cent wings are now the Monday night 50-cent wings.  They could have at least gone to 40-cents first...
4	best. beer. selection. hands. down. We waited almost an hour for a table but the bartender was super attentive the whole time and was on point with suggestions. It was def worth the wait too! We ordered a pizza and a few apps which were so good. No complaints here - we will totally be back.
5	This is paradise for beer connoisseurs. A range of beer that confuses, bedazzles and quenches you thirst for quality brews. The selection on lager and ales on tap as well as in the 'beer cave' make this place one of a kind. The special hummus, fries, hot dogz, and pizza make it the perfect hangout place any given day in Pittsburgh
4	The mac n cheese dog I had was just ok, but the Mason Dixon with its slaw and chili was killer. The fries and barbeque wings were just as good. I also liked the atmosphere, the mural, and the employees who were really nice and honest and helpful. It's in a cool neighborhood too. Go!
5	D's is a great dive bar in Regent Square.  I had a Chicago-style dog with bacon, and fries to go, for around $6.  The dog looked like a chef put some real love into it - it was picture perfect, lightly dusted with celery salt, relish tucked in like it was ready for a commercial.  The taste was perfect!  The fries were awesome - batter-dipped, super hot, crispy and just salty enough to not need extra.  I'll definitely be back.  Not a lot of joints know how to do a good Chicago dog.  Good cheap eats.
5	Go to the Beer Cave! For me to give a five star review, I have to walk out of the place saying, "That place is really cool." I had a bottled microbrew, a chili coleslaw hot dog, and a side of fries for under $10. It was really good.
4	Yum! Great little find just outside of the city....especially if you are Chicago dog fan
4	I love this place. My fiance and I moved to the Regent Square area in May and we've been to D's multiple times in the three or so months since. The food is good--fairly typical bar fare--but it's the beer that keeps bringing us back. Their selection is huge (see: beer cave) and I've had some amazing beers that I didn't know even existed. The employees really know their stuff and will help you pick a beer if you don't know what you want. My fiancee is not a huge beer fan but the bartenders/waitstaff have been successful in finding him something he likes. They also have at least three gluten-free beers for those with gluten sensitivities. The atmosphere is not too loud or crazy and is a nice place to go if you want to be able to hear your companions.The sad part is that D's closes fairly early--the bar closes at 11 on Sunday-Wednesday and midnight on Thursday-Saturday. The kitchen closes an hour before the bar.
4	I wanted to scout out Regent Square as I'm fairly new to the area and it was recomended by someone who lives there and really talked it up.  So, I parked and started walking, looking for a lunch spot.  I spied D's Sixpax & Dogz I think because of it's open air concept.  the tables weren't outside but inside next to the window and I noticed there was no glass on said window.  Yay!  Let's head inside to nosh and get a nice breeze.It has a nice atmosphere -- a nice bar pub and enough people dining to get the feeling it's a happening place.  I have the feeling dogs are the popular item based on the name of the place but I'm really not a hotdog fan except at sporting events so I opted for the Black 'n Blue Burger smothered with bleu cheese and cajun seasoning.  It comes with homestyle chips and I added an order of coleslaw. Wonderful burger -- big, moist and tasty!  Definitely hit the spot (multiple spots, actually).  Very satisfying lunch.Side bonus for me -- happened to hear music from a local band from Denver (former homestead) while dining.  Made me homesick.
3	Their hot dogs and fries are affordable and good but even though they have like 300 different beers in bottle their beers are over price and will triple your tab. That and yet have a limited draft menu.
3	My three stars are for the decor, wow so much to see! There was a giant mural on the wall to the left of our table with just about every iconic figure from Kermit the Frog, to Einstein really it was a sight to see. My little sister, little bro and I had a blast playing where's Waldo, while we waited for our order's to be taken. The  decor and wall murals were about the most interesting thing about our dining experience.For a meal for 3 people I spent $50 ouch that's a little high for a hotdog shop and something I wasn't expecting such a high bill.The kiddies did enjoy their meals, we got cheese and chili fries, a mason Dixon dog, a red alert dog,  two beef dogs with mustard and ketchup, two drafts of pumpkin ale(for me) and a Philly cheese steak. The dogs are  bigger than average, but the chili tasted like your standard chili from a can, I was hoping that with the price tag of $5.00 a dog the chili would have more character. My little bro proclaimed at the end of his meal, "I'm full, I've never  been full off of two hotdogs!"I'll do anything to put a smile on kids face, even though the food fell flat, the restaurant was fun and we smiled laughed and jokes through a rather mediocre meal.
4	UPDATE: July 2013Went back for a visit to the alma mater and decided to stop in at D's before heading out. I have updates on the gluten-free beer situation and the nacho situation.GF Beer: MUCH improved from what I remember. They had at least three varieties of the "deglutenized" beers - Estrella Damm Daura and both the Amber and Blonde Brunehaut (from Belgium!). They MAY have had Omission as well. They also have at least three varieties of New Planet, and at least two of Greens. Dogfish Head T'weasonale. Possibly New Grist and Tread Lightly? I was in a haze of deliciously non-gluteny beer at this point. Nachos: Maybe I'm recalling incorrectly, but I think when I've had these in the past they are made with real cheese - you know, shredded and melted. This time they were served with that nasty-ass liquid cheese goop, like you get at a ballpark. Blegh. Still four stars overall! Avoid the nachos though.---The only food I've ever had here is nachos, so I can't speak to that. I WILL speak to the beer selection, though! I've managed to collect quite an assortment of beer snob friends, who love spending hours (literally) in the Cave o' Beer. I have to eat gluten free, so most ordinary beers are off-limits for me, BUT, they have an enormous selection of hard cider! Many many different kinds, including my favorite cider in the whole world, JK Scrumpy. Totally reasonable prices, too.Now the bad:1. They close at midnight! After the downstairs closes you can take your drink upstairs to a little bar, but it's super loud, has no seating, and you don't have access to the magical treasure trove of beer. Boooo.2. This is totally a niche thing, but I wish they had a better selection of gluten-free beers. There are lots of tasty ones out there, but they often only have Bards and Redbridge.
4	If you're like me, you probably enjoy watching people eat hot dogs and will want to make D's a destination when hanging in the 'burgh. What? I can't be the only one. Seriously? Fine. Then excuuuUUUuuuse me. I'll rephrase for the supposed masses.If you enjoy eating hot dogs, you'll want to make D's a destination when hanging in the 'burgh. It's a great place to go and get some tubed meat in a variety of different mix and match combinations and also a great place to meet new people... perhaps you'll even meet someone who shares your love of you eating hot dogs and you can shower them with many moments of which they can watch you eat your beloved wieners and y'all can live happily ever after. No? Ugh, fine. Then just eat the damn hot dog all by your lonesome. See if I care.I came in with a group of friends for a semi-liquid lunch and though it was the beer cave that brought us in, I was secretly more excited about watching my friends eat hot dogs. You see, I'd been feeling super sick for the entire duration on my Pittsburgh road trip. I think it was a bad Cholera strain. Anyway, my party of six allowed me to sleep in extra late while they wandered around some graveyard by our hotel with scones until I was all puked out and ready see what the light of day looks like. I was feeling bummed that I had to hibernate through my original morning plan of going to the zoo, but the thought getting to see my pals suck down chili dogs all Jack & Diane style really helped lift my spirits.We walked in, sat down and I was immediately excited to be sitting across from their epic celebrity mural. It's like a pop-culture/history 'Where's Waldo', only there's no Waldo, and instead Gandalf, Wolverine, John Candy, and more. I spent the entire time between ordering and the food coming out staring at the wall and finding new peeps. My only gripe on the artwork is that the mural was seriously lacking in Bill Murray biz-nasty, so for that I have to subtract a star. Okay, no. I'm only (half) joking about the star thing. I'm actually deducting the star because their veggie dog was pretty damn terrible. I mean, the toppings (I got the chihuahua with cheese and jalapenos) were fine, but I think I've microwaved dogs that tasted better than theirs. It was so freaking rubbery and tough and chewy... like bad calamari or trying to chew a whole pack of rock hard Bazooka Joe at once. My jaw was tired from trying to force my tearing teeth into that little soy sausage but the worst part is that I had to devote so much extra time to eating my stupid wiener that I missed being able to watch my friends eat their hot dogs. Boo-urns. Next time, I'll skip the veggie dog and go with a wrap or pizza or burger or something that'll allow for more wiener-peeping.On the other hand, the veggie pub fries were damn good and something I resented having to offer to share them with my friends... but I did offer because I felt like it would detract from them getting 'weirded out' at my wanting to gawk at them like I bought a ticket to watch them eat hot dogs... even though that wishful thought didn't pan out anyway thanks to the lackluster veg-dog I ended up with. Their beer selection was stellar and their beer cave in back was a fun shopping experience and great place to find a few rarities. They actually had the Rogue Voodoo Doughnut bombers that you can hardly ever find. Unfortunately, my sickness impaired me from imbibing and I actually spent the latter half of the time there barfing in the bathroom (not to the fault of D's) while my friends shopped for a bevy of beer in the cave. Also worth mentioning is how friendly everyone here was. Lots of helpful staff members and even the other ladies in the bathroom who were concerned with my hurling to the point where they wouldn't leave me alone and I had to lie and say that it was no big deal, I was in my first trimester and the morning sickness was getting the best of me. Very nice people those Pittsburgh folk are.
3	Generally, I like D's I. The restaurant itself has a cozy feel to it, and their large beer cave is one of the few places where I can get some of my favorite import beer.  Note, the Czechs make more than just Pilsner Urquell. Je to pravda! Most of the staff are very friendly, and the managers are always quick to help if you need assistance.  Some of you may get angry with me, but I simply cannot review D's I without comparatively rating it against its sister restaurant, D's II in Monroeville.  And no, I couldn't possibly care less that the latter is in an old Pizza Hut.  That's right, I prefer D's II to D's I. Hear me out.  First of all, D's I' drafts are all about a dollar more expensive than those in the suburbs.  Why the upcharge? Also, after being spoiled by the very large menu selection at D's II, I'm always a little disappointed when dining at Regent Square.  No wraps, no steak salad, no variety of sandwiches.  I will say that the food they do serve is good.  I enjoy their pizza and their daily hummus offering.  D's I has a much smaller draft selection and lacks a full bar.  Fine.  It's a smaller location and it stays true to its original "beer bar" theme.  Sometimes, however, I like to mix it up.  And I can do that more easily at the Monroeville location.  Obviously, I's beer cave trumps II's beer... um... outcove? So all of that warrants a four-star rating.  Why the three? Like its suburban counterpart, I'm docking a star for closing so early.  Even when there is a crowd, the staff closes at 11:00 (Su-W) or 12:00 (Th-Sat) on the DOT.  That's just not responding to demand!Overall, I don't dislike D's I.  Quite the contrary.  After all, three stars means "A-OK."  But to me, D's Regent Square doesn't go beyond that.
5	Awesome place! I discovered this when I was looking for a place to buy beer to go by the bottle that had a good variety, then I discovered this place was a full bar/restaurant.  Besides getting bottles to go, you can also drink from any of their many drafts on tap or their individual bottles.  Many are already in a chilled section, but they also have a beer chiller machine that can chill a room temp bottle in like 5 minutes! And they have a huge selection of beers, both imported and local microbrews.  They also have a nice menu with a variety of things, including hot dogs, hamburgers, salads, etc.  Hot dogs are one of their specialties and I'm not a huge hot dog fan but the bratwurst I had with bacon and mac-n-cheese on top was amazing! I also had the fried zucchini appetizer which was cooked perfectly and the sauces were very tasty (marinara and a spicy ranch-like sauce).  I went on a Wednesday evening post-happy hour and was surprised how super crowded it was, so it may be hard to get a table on weekend nights.
4	When owners name a restaurant like this take the hint!  They didn't name this place Six Pax & Hummus!  Come here for beer and dogs.  There are other things on the menu but the stars of the show are in the name.So let's talk dogs first.  Each one is going to cost you $4-$5 and they are large, delicious and messy.  You definitely want to be among friends when you eat one of these bad boys and have plenty of napkins.  If you are only eating dogs, many folks order two.  Every topping imaginable is available.  Another popular choice is one dog and excellent fries.  Add a craft beer or two and you have one heck of a fine casual meal.Speaking of craft beers, the selection here is excellent.  I appreciate that the names are up on an easy to read board that includes the ABV%.  If you are new to craft beers, many of them are very strong.  Let's say you normally drink three or four Coors Lights and now you are discovering the pleasure of Delirium Noel.  It's a 10% beer and if you drink three or four you are in for a big surprise!  In the interest of safe driving for everyone, be aware of the ABV%.So the food is great and the beer is excellent and I've found the service to also be right on.  These folks are extremely popular so at peak times it's mobbed.  Do yourself a favor and show up off peak and you'll eat and drink much more quickly.
5	Beer and Dogs.  This isn't your ballgame 7 dollar Miller Lite and generic hotdog either.  This is 7 dollar Chimay and a loaded Chicago style dog heaven.  A lengthy review of a place that relies entirely on beer and hot dogs would be redundant, so I'll keep this short.Great atmosphere, Decent enough staff, Fair prices, BEST beer list anywhere I've ever been!  If they don't have something you want on draft chances are you can find it in their beer cave.  And the hot dogs and fries are always atop the City's Best.If that isn't enough to get you stop by D's then you're missing the point and probably shouldn't anyhow.
4	Just made my yearly pilgrimage to D's after my eye exam across the street.  Great Taps (local offerings and belgian style) with Chicago style hotdogs, what more do you need to know!...Waiter made some excellent beer suggestions and I rarely stray from the "off the rack" Chicago dog but his suggestion to add the bacon was spot on.  No trip is complete without visiting the beer cave.  Some hard to get gems can be had.  Many of the choices can be found at Giant Eagle now for less.  Their selection of Mikkeller offerings was an unexpected bonus.  Walked out of their with some great hard to find titles...see you guys next year!....
4	I like it. Veggie friendly too.
5	D's is my place! They have enough types of beer to tickle my fancy and the fancy of 25 others at the same time. And then we can all eat Big Ben dogs and die happy together. Go to D's.
4	Chicago dog was awesome. Great selection of craft beers on draft too!
5	What is there to say about D's that has not been said?It's a fixture.  The food is remarkably good for pub food and the beer cave is a fun "thing". The waitstaff are usually very good and parking in regent square isn't hard to find.  I also have found the bathrooms pretty damn clean for a bar whenever I need to pee.I hope D's is with us for decades to come.
5	Had the scorpion dog with Mac and cheese. It made my day.
5	I don't come here to eat much, I usually come for the beer cave. Best build-your-own six pack joint in the city!
4	New menu! Check it out!
5	Was in town for a recent sporting event and read good things about Ds. A bit off the beaten path, but an easy bus ride from my Oakland hotel (and bus originates from Downtown, so should be easy ride from there, too).Ds did not disappoint: creative craft beer list of 25+ taps, plus hundreds of bottles in the Beer Cave that you can have onsite or take to-go, and some of the best dogs I've ever had. Was there on a Friday, so got the Scorpion (cheddar jalapeno kielbasi) & fries deal for $5.50--excellent. Also tried the very good Ds Brat (cheesy bratwurst) & fries (same price), and they do a terrific version of the Chicago Dog. There are also 20+ toppings options if you want to DIY. Nice, friendly service from the guys behind the bar/in the kitchen made this a fine time.Next time I'm in PGH, Ds will be at the top of my list to visit. Can't wait to try their other dogs and whatever they have on tap (or in the Cave).P.S. There is also sit-down service in a room between the bar and Cave that seemed more family-friendly. I noticed several tables had pizzas and burgers, so I assume those are decent, too.
5	Employees are awesome. Everyone is super friendly and they always have kick ass old school jams playing!
4	This is clearly not a place to come for a healthful salad.  As long as you can accept that and are in the mood for junk food concoctions taken to a new level (aka fried fries (yes they're double fried and extra crispy) topped with "pub cheese" and bacon and dipped in ranch) or one of their many "unique" dog toppings (such as the special Carolina Dog that was topped with pulled pork and coleslaw.)This is also one of the few places where any beer snob will feel happy and non-beer snobs can also enjoy a nice bottle of Lindeman's or the likes.  The place is especially bumpin' during sporting events, so either come early or be prepared to wait for a table if the big game is going on.
1	I tried to go here for the second time today.  I say tried because I sat at the bar for about 7 mins with 3 people walking around behind it and no one even acknowledging I was there.  I ended up going next door to The Map Room for lunch.The first time I had gone I had a server come and take my order, a kitchen guy ran it out, and then no one ever came back for 45 mins.  I went to the counter for my check and thought that I wouldn't give it another go.  Well, you can't say I didn't try. I had the barbeque chicken pizza the first time and it wasn't bad, but its not a place I'd make my go to pizza place.
5	Delicious hot dogs (my favorite is the Chicago dog with the spicy polish dog on a wheat bun)!!! They also have a beer cave with over 1000 beers!
4	I'm subleasing an apt across the street and have been in a few times now.  Hot dogs are good and cheap but the burger options, although still good, are close to $10 each.  Nice draft selection but also pricy.  Their happy hour is $1 off drafts 4p-6p everyday, so that's still $4-5 for a beer.  I'll be back though.
4	While I'm not much of a beer fan, I appreciate that this place would appeal to both the beer snob and the casual drinker. Enormous selection of beers in the Cave as well as on tap. They have Arsenal Cider, which makes me very happy (although I wish they carried the Bone-Dry). The hot dogs and fries are amazing. I had an Angry Tiki. It sounded like an odd combination - pineapple, hoisin sauce, and bacon on a hot dog - but it was delicious. The only thing I might change next time is asking for a side of Sriracha (would have put this hot dog over the top). It's cheap, it's a good set-up for going with a group, and I will definitely take any of my beer-loving friends here.
5	I love this place. Hands down my favorite place to grab a beer in the east end. They have a great draft selection that changes often in addition to a beer cave of cold bottles. Staff is efficient and friendly and they play great music. I also love their wings...D'sWing Dust (dry rub) is my favorite flavor.
4	Great place for grabbing quick eats with an excellent beer selection. Their "Beer Cave" is awesome if you enjoy creating custom six packs. There also is a nice bottle chiller, so you can enjoy a cold one while the others chill. Higher than average prices. Nice neighborhood (Regent Square).
4	While living in Regent Square I went to this place way too often! It has a great selection of beer and the food is pretty decent - they probably serve the best fries I've ever had. It feels more like a restaurant in the sense that you wouldn't sit here drinking all night, but if you go for a drink and a dog you're going to have a good time.
4	Came here for lunch after a long day on the roadIt's a beer and bar place.They have a variety of beer, they have a room all the way in the back with lots of different beer and a separate room displaying other kinds of beer.  They also have outdoor seating.  It's like 2 shops next to each other separated by a hall way.  I didn't even know there was a spot next door until I went to the restroom.The fries are good.They offer pizza and other goodies too.They have many types of different types of dogs.  I had the veggie red alert which is spicy.  They have 3 kinds of hot dogs so it caters even to the vegetarian.  Regular dog, beef dog and veggie dog.  You have unlimited toppings - mushrooms, onions, creamy avocado etc.  The dog came in this little boat sized paper tray.  I find it very hard to eat because all of the toppings would fall off to the table, but they do have paper towels for you to put underneath if you want to do this so you can eat whatever falls off.  The veggie dog tasted like the real thing.  They also have dogs of the day.  Quite an interesting place but worth the visit in a little town.
4	Hot dogs were delicious and fun to mix and match toppings. They do fried dogs too and it's great. Beer selection is obviously fantastic. Check our their beer cave!
5	This was another place that came highly recommended while we were in town and this place also didn't not disappoint! The food was good.  The dogs were tasty and they had some interesting recipes but let's cut to the chase....the beer selection is massive! Being from Michigan, we are spoiled with craft beers from our fine state, but with that comes the desire to try other state's craft beer selection and D's had a solid selection of PA brews.  For one, the beer cooler had a good sized selection, but it's all about the hundreds of warm beers they have in the back of the restaurant.  They have pretty much anything you want back there and it doesn't' matter that it's warm because they have a beer chiller where you can put your beers in there until optimal temperature.   It only takes about 7 minutes and they are good to go as well.  Needless to say, this is another recommendation that I will pass on to all friends heading to Pittsburgh.  I'll spare the beer reviews as there's another app for that.
5	D'z is hands down my favorite go to spot for good eats. I love their wings and their hot dogs. Everytime I go there i am greeted with fun young employees ready to serve or offer suggestions about their latest brews. Their draft list changes constantly so there's no sense in trying to remember which beer you had there the week before. Plus their beer cave is great with hundreds of different bottles to choose from all listed by the region from which they came. They also have a small cooler with about 150 different varieties of beer that are already chilled for your liking. Even if you get a warm beer, they have this ice cold dunk tank to put your bottle in that gets it nice and chilly for you in just a few minutes. That by far is my favorite aspect of D'z. If you choose to take beer home with you they also have a discount of $1.00 per bottle of every beer you take with you(excluding the pre-made six packs). So sometimes we get a six pack of variety beers at a lower cost than paying for them individually. On to the food:I love their wings and hot dogs and my masterful veggie burger creation. We always order the BBQ sauce because it taste so gooooood and their wings are nice and crispy and hot and smothered in plenty of sauce that you will be licking your fingers. We've tried almost all their dogs expect 2 and my favorite is the mac and cheese dog(w/ ketchup) and the chihuahua dog which is avocado, shredded cheddar cheese and jalapenos, my fiance enjoys a classic Chicago dog. The have delicious sauerkraut that i enjoy as well so i usually get a side for only 99 cents. Can't beat that price. Now when it comes to the veggie burger i love the way it taste. I do it up real nice by getting that black n blue topping which is blue cheese and cajun seasoning. I add bacon, onion, mushrooms, avocado, tomato, lettuce and their spicy mayo/double dip sauce. It is hands down the best burger i've ordered in a loooong time. If your looking for a fun hangout spot for you and your buddies or even a tasty treat for the kids then D'z is where it's at!!! It gives you the feeling of just a fun place to be on the weekend or even the weekdays. Due to an unfortunate circumstance of eating at a different hotdog shop during restaurant week, my fiance would have proposed to me at D'z. We truly regret not waiting to go here but time was of the essence. D'z you truly are my favorite spot to be any day at any time and you will always be the place i wish i would have been proposed to at!!!!!!!!!!
4	I enjoyed my evening experience here last night. The bar was really busy but service was still fast. They only serve beer and wine downstairs. If you want a mixed drink you have to go upstairs. We ordered a large supreme pizza, and it was really good! The wait staff was super nice!! Would definitely grab food and drinks here again
5	I'm in love.  I came from a place where there were hot dog stands all over the place and found that, in general, Pittsburgh is lacking in that area.  Craving a hot dog, I found D's on Yelp and figured I would give it a try.  I was intrigued by the specials menu so I started with an order of wings and Buffalo wing hummus.  This Buffalo girl was pleased.  The wings were tasty and done perfectly.  And the hummus was so good I wanted to ask for the recipe.  The flavor combinations of the hot dogs were crazy.  Who would ever think of putting pineapples and bacon on a hot dog?  Well, I'm glad they did.  It was an interesting mix of flavors and was very satisfying.  If I hadn't also tried the wings and hummus, I would have tried at least two other hot dog creations.  Aside from the creations on the menu, you are also able to customize your own creation.There is also a "beer cave" that I can't review since I didn't try any, but it looks impressive.I eagerly await my next trip to D's!
3	D's Six Pax & Dogz is a legend in the east end. I have eaten here once or twice and gotten takeout from here once. It's tasty, and the beer selection is impressive, but the experience hadn't quite knocked my socks off until last night. My husband ordered some to-go food to eat while we were at the nearby The Loft bar. He ordered the Mac'N Cheese hot dog with Fries. The hot dog was incredible! The mac and cheese was so delicious that I asked one of The Loft's bartenders for a fork to finish off the 1/2 cup of mac and cheese that had fallen off the bun and was laying sadly in the styrofoam box. I wasn't wasting a bite of that deliciousness. The fries were really tasty, too -- super crispy and perfectly seasoned.Based on my overall experience at D's, I still rate this place 3 stars. However, if I have a few more of the Mac'N Cheese hot dog and Fries combinations, I may be quickly updating my review!
5	Best beer selection in Pittsburgh, great hot dogs, pizza, veggie burger. Pub fries are actually worth the 100,000 calories. Great place to watch sports. Super friendly, knowledgeable service. Part of why Regent Square is so great.
5	I hadn't been to D's in years so when my friend and I took a hike through Frick Park and decided to stop by D's to grab some grub I was anxious to see if my memory of my past experience was on point years later.Well it was - great atmosphere, staff and food.  I had the Chicago Hot Dog with a handful of fries.  Perfect amount of food and I couldn't even finish the fries...and they were some goooood fries!  I got my first pumpkin beer of the season from their beer cave and while I can't remember the brewery it was exactly what I wanted on a cool and crisp day after a hike.  This is a great spot for some craft beers and bar type food.
5	best beer selection ever! it was hard to pick just one beer out of the beer cave. The food was really good. Big fan of the fries!
5	D'z dogs is the best. All the employees seem to want to be here. Nothing is better then when your food provider is excited about what he/she is doing. Come try a scorpion dog.!!!!
5	I absolutely love D's with all of my heart. If you're looking for a plain dog and fries (boring) they have what you want. If you're looking for a Mac n cheese dog or one with bacon and pineapple with sriracha and a side of chili cheese fries, they've got you covered too. Add in an enormous draft selection, a beer cave 1000 beers deep, and just the right game always on, and you've got my choice for a Saturday evening. Not to mention pizza for days, innovative burgers that'll blow your socks off, and CORNDOGS. Just go here be happy.
5	The beer selection is incredible. If you're ever looking for something stop by here - they most likely have it.The dogs (which are the only thing I've ever gotten) are excellent. You just can't beat a good beer and a good hot dog, and this place does both extremely well.I try to hit this place at least once a year.
5	Love this place. Awesome selection in their beer cave.
4	This is a beer lover's dream and one of my favorite spots in Regent Square.  Great place to go to watch a game.  It is also kid friendly as almost every time I am visiting this place there are families with young children enjoying themselves.  The biggest decision is to pick a beer off the draft list which always has a great selection or pick one from in the beer cave. I usually try a draft and then head into the chilled beer cave. There is also a larger section of single beers for purchase in the back that are not cold. If you want to drink them while at the restaurant they have a chiller-so cool!!  My past visit I was impressed by the large selection of pumpkin beers. I tried a bottle called Baked by Lancaster Brewing-tastes just like pumpkin pie!!  To go with it I ventured from my usual Chicago dog and ordered the Angry Tikki-pineapple, bacon and special cheesy, sweet and spicy combo mixture of sauce. I was not disappointed and a great choice. The poppy seed buns they serve the dogs on are the best!
4	D's is a great place!  Its unique as far as quasi-bars are concerned insofar as I go with a friend and have some dogs/burgers/pizza/wings and a few beers, and have a great time; yet feel equally as comfortable taking the family for a night out.  The food is good, the staff is friendly, the prices are great, and the beer selection is fantastic.  Its a great place for a family meal on a budget!
5	Went here after a run in nearby Frick Park, which I felt gave me license to have a (delicious) hot dog washed down with a few great beers. I can't wait to return!
4	Last night was my first time at D's. The beer cave was amazing! I'm not a fan of beer but can appreciate a vast selection. I went straight for the cider. The lively energy of this place was incontestable. No frills, down-to-earth place where you can kick it back with a beer (or in my case a cider) and enjoy company with friends. It was a perfect ending to our movie night at the Regent Square Theater. With smiles planted on our faces after watching a dark comedy, going to D's only extended our happy mood. Before leaving I went back to the beer cave for more cider. Good stuff, good stuff!
4	This place is pretty cool. Plenty of beer selections, including several gluten free options. I like to watch games here, and this is a good spot for larger parties (5+). The french fries are excellent and very crispy, even better with cheese and bacon.
5	I've been there many times, and they consistently have proven to have great food and service. Oh, and they have Vegetarian friendly options too!
5	Best dogs in town!!
5	This place is great.  Excellent beer selection.   The best fries in town, and dogs that will blow your mind.  If I'm leaving my neighborhood, it's likely to go to D's!
5	As a former Regent Square resident and a current Point Breezer I can tell you that D's is a diamond in the rough.  Want an excellent hotdog?  How about a thousand beers to choose from?  Want to mix and match some beer and take it home to enjoy later?  Well, you've found the money ball.  Your biggest challenge here is getting a good parking spot.  But don't give in, you'll get a spot and you'll be happy you did. Don't like hotdogs you say?  Well, they have delicious pizza too so whatever floats your boat you'll find it here.
5	My cousin and I went to d's for a yelp event and it was awesome!   It was the first time I'd ever been there and I'll be going back.   We had wings, hot dogs,  and awesome homemade chipotle hummus.  They even had veggie dogs for my cousin! Everyone there was so nice.   If you drink good beer the beer cave will awe you. ..hell I drink Miller lite and I was in awe.   So many beers!
3	The food is always sort of room temperature, but it's delicious! There's a cave. Of beer. There's always a longish wait to get a seat, but I can say, they do their best to accommodate. My first time here, we had a large group and failed to call ahead, yet they found somewhere to put us and took good care. This area of town is adorable, and I'm looking forward to heading out in the spring time and enjoying some hot dogs in the warm air!
5	This really is a great place. It's hard to find fault with anything here! Great owner, superb bar food, and oh, the huge selection of craft beer. And I'm not talking about the massive collection in the beer cave!! The commitment to have 5 or 6 local brews (Helltown included) on tap in a rotating  "local" draft corner is music to my ears. Had Helltown's Reaper Harvest Ale last night and it was fabulous. I've had quite a few local brews here as well as a selection of other crafts. I love having exciting draft beer choices!The food is really good too! Wings, dogs, veggie dogs...these aren't just your typical ballpark quality dogs. Nah, these are amazing. The buns, the all beef dog with that welcome "snap" when you bite it...yum. Plus the selection of options will keep you coming back to try more and more. The daily specials are worth watching - the 10 wings for $5 on Monday is a bargain!!Since they don't serve cheapo food or beer, the price reflects that. 2 draft beers and 2 hotdogs  is close to $25. But hey, enjoy it. The crowd is cool, the atmosphere is terrific, and the beer selection is among the best in the city. I'll keep coming back. For sure!
5	When I go to heaven, they will have a Sephora with D's Six Pax's Beer Cave in the back.  And I will be happy.I LOVE this place!  I'd love to take my beer loving father here but i'm afraid his heart would give out with excitement.  If its a good brew, it lives here!  I FREAKING LOVE this place.  Can you tell I'm enthusiastic about it?  I recommend you dine here.The food is good, I like the black and blue burger, but they have just about any kind of hotdog combination you can dream up.  I really love that you can walk back into the beer cave and pick out your beer, and they offer cool chillers for it.Here's the best hike in Pittsburgh:  Hike in Frick Park.  take the Falls Ravine trail until you come out near the bridge.  Walk across the bridge.  At Ryan's Pub, turn right and walk straight ofr awhile.  You'll come to D's Six Pack and Dogs.  You will be READY for a beer, bc its a hike.  But that is the point of hiking.  Eat delicious food and drink beer.  Call a friend to come pick you up and take you home.  The End.In fact, its a damn shame they dont offer a gift registry.  Because I would register for beer.  I would.  No judgement.
5	Was at D's this afternoon! I was so excited to find real vienna Hot Dogs in Pittsburgh since I am a born and raised Chicago guy. They were good dogs, had mine Chicago Style of course! Not sure it was Pollmans Mustard. It the buns had poppy seeds! A great place with plenty of atmosphere!
5	The beer cave is amazing, and you get $1 off each bottle if you take out... Which means that some of them end up being cheaper than if you bought a case! WOW. The food is really good. I have been here several times, and each time, I told the server to bring me something vegetarian. I have never been disappointed!! From hotdogs, to seitan, to nachos everything here tastes great and there are tons of options. The last time I was there we were having fun upstairs playing darts and racking up a tab. The bartender was nice enough to actually stop us and point out that it had started to snow, and we should probably leave before the roads got bad... I thought that was super sweet and nice of him!!
4	i really like this place and if i were in squirrel hill more often, i'd definitely visit more. there is only one reason i gave it 4 instead of 5 stars, but i'll get to that in a minute.the first i had heard of d's was their six pack shop. they have a large selection of room-temp, cold, domestic, craft, import, normal-size, giant bottles that you can make your own 6 pack with. this was the first place i had ever been to with those kind of options, but now i realize (here's why one star is taken off) the prices for 6 packs are not nearly as wonderful as the selection. now, obviously, with mixed bottles, the price will go up, especially if you have expensive kinds in there. but it seems they charge full price per bottle, which is a pretty lousy deal in the end.but prices for eat/drink-in are totally acceptable! in fact, i don't believe i had ever eaten at d's until a recent yelp event. their hot dogz are FANTASTIC and i only had a beef dog with sauerkraut, not exactly anything fancy. i also got to sample their hummus and dry-rub bbq wings, both of which were also super tasty.the service is always really friendly here too. there's plenty of room to sit down (bar, table, "loft" upstairs with a bar and a few tables). and there's even darts upstairs, too.d's is definitely worth checking out and if you've never seen the 6-pack "cave", at least take a browse, buy one if you're feeling spendy or simply don't have a place like this anywhere near you.
5	Wonderful place for a great casual meal! Their Beer Cave and excellent make your own 6-pack/draft beer selection are well known. As someone who was not able to drink I was equally impressed by their delicious rootbeer also on draft. We had the Vegetarian Pub Fries to start, which was a large helping of french fries smothered in cheese and avocado with a side of ranch. I had the Chihuahua hot dog with a veggie hot dog and added grilled onions and my partner had a specialty Octoberfest hot dog. Both were large and delicious. We did not have to wait long for a Friday night and the service was excellent. The space tends to be crowded so this is not the place to go for a quiet fancy dinner, but the food and drinks were excellent and we will definitely be back.
4	D's is named perfectly.  They have great hot dogs, loaded with all kinds of fun toppings.  They have a beer cave, filled with beers from all over the world.  They also have delicious pizza and fries.  So if you are in the mood for bar food, this is the place for you!!
4	I am a fan of this place.  I love the dogs, of course.  I love the beers, of course.  I love the Beer Cave the most.  I'm not sure if it's the largest collection of bottles, but it's pretty impressive nonetheless.  I just wish that the beers I wanted had the prices labeled.  I swear, every one I grabbed for had price tags on the beers surrounding it but not on the one I wanted.Anyway, the dogs are tender and juicy.  Even the veggie dogs are pretty convincingly "dog-like."  The fries are plentiful and pretty damn good.  Greasy and salty (but not too much of either) and a perfect accompaniment to beers and hot dogs.  The servers are friendly and helpful with the menu.Pros: great beer selection, wonderful food, friendly staffCons: I was here after brunch to catch the hockey game and they had NCAA basketball on instead; not a big deal, but enough to be annoying
5	What a place. What a selection.  I love it.  This place allows you to view hundreds of beers from around the world.  You can buy mixed six packs as well. The food is great and service is just fine.
5	My favorite place in regent square.  you haven't experienced pittsburgh until you've had a hot dog and a beer at d's.if you go on thursday nights the typically have a different brewery featured where they'll have 5 or 6 of their beers on tap
5	Now that we do not live in Pittsburgh; D's is a must go to when we are back in town.  Their main specialty is beer and that is what I always have so I can not speak to any liquor or wine options.  The beer selection is awesome.  They have over 1000 different kinds of beer.  You just have to make your selection and they will open it for you at your table.  You can also create your own mix and match 6 pack to carry out.  Now on to the food.  If you get french fries - I am warning you, the portion is very large.  The ones with bacon and cheese are a great.  We tried both the wet and dry wings and were happy with both.  Now the reason we came here; the hot dogs.  And oh are they amazing.   They have hot dogs combinations on the menu, but you can also create any combination that you want.  I am a HUGE fan of the Chicago Dog - they do it right!!!  On a side note - if you like Root Beer, they have a great root beer on draft.  They do offer a children's menu as well and it is completely fine for children in the middle of the day.  You see tons of families.  The staff has always been very friendly and helpful.  They know their beer and food very well!If you have never been here; I recommend it.
5	D's is one of our favorite places in Pittsburgh. It's nice to have an easy, fun, casual place to get some good eats and a nice beer. As a vegetarian who still likes to pretend to eat meat, I so appreciate their multiple veggie options. Nearly any item on the menu can be made in a vegetarian version. Their special dogs (dog of the month) are usually a lot of fun. My favorite was the Thanksgiving dog back in November, with corn, mashed potatoes, cranberry, and stuffing. It was amazing! I came twice to have one in November. Their beer list has to be the best I've seen in the city. Lots of great stuff on tap and a huge bottle room. Since we like to bring our toddler to dine with us, I'm always so happy that they are so friendly and accommodating with kids. He loves their mac and cheese and grilled cheese sandwiches, though I think he likes their crayons more.For a fun family dinner, a good beer, watching a game, getting together with friends, or just experimenting with a new Belgian brew, I strongly recommend D's.
5	This place is great! As a vegan and not a huge fan of beer, I wasn't expecting much for me there from D's name...but the service, food, and atmosphere was all so, so good!I was excited to try their cauliflower wings, but it turned out that they have now switched over to seitan. Even so, the two different orders my friends and I shared were both very tasty, although very fried and crunchy, compared to the meatier seitan wings served up elsewhere in Pittsburgh.Their vegan dog on a poppy seed bun comes with unlimited toppings, for just 4.99! They somehow managed to get avocado, grilled onions, tomato, pickle spears, brown mustard, and banana peppers stacked into mine, and it was delicious and filling. I'd love to see a homemade vegan dog instead of using Yve's, but the toppings deal makes it worth it!Definitely will be back for more :)
5	I love this place! Vegetarian options are good and the atmosphere is great. I also love the beer selection. It's really a great place to go for lunch, but can get pretty dang busy on weekend nights!!
4	D's has been hovering among my Pittsburgh bookmarks for a couple of years now, so I was happy to finally stop by for a visit and late lunch recently. After squeezing into a parallel parking spot out front, I had two things on my mind when walking in here: hotdogs and beer, both of which they have down pat.Since it was mid-afternoon, few tables were filled, but the front patio was open to allow in some fresh air during the nice day. I first looked around at their extensive beer selections; "six pax" in the rear "Beer Cave" and individual bottles in the middle cooler. I found something to my liking and grabbed a high table and menu.A "Big Ben" dog sounded appetizing (and mildly appropriate), but I ended up going with the "Mason Dixon" topped with chili and coleslaw. Knowing that one dog would not be enough, I also went with a small order of their "Pub Fries" covered in cheese and bacon. (Forgive me Father, for I have no restraint.)Holy Moley! Both the dog and fries were excellent and down right tasty. Thank God because my satisfied stomach was smacking down the guilty part of my brain that was subconsciously calculating the summation of calories shared between the meal and two bottles of liquid refreshment.Oh well. I definitely heart D's, even if my heart now hates me in return. 4.5 Stars.
4	For my 200th review, I'm going to write a review for D's Six Pax & Dogs, which couples a review I just wrote for The Loft- a bar just upstairs from here owned by the same people. I've been to D's a couple of times with groups of friends, and this is quite a fun and neighborhoody venue with good food (amazing veggie dogs!) and great beer. The owners pride themselves in being a little more family friendly, and it seems that this is true from the crowds I have always seen here. But fear not fellow 20 single somethings: this place can be for you too! There is ample room at the bar to chill with good beers to watch the game, and also bring a group of friends to one of the adjoining tables. If I lived over in the Regent Square/Wilkinsburg area, I would stop in here more often. However, it has become a cool bar that I frequent before/after a movie at the Regent Square Theater. Cheers!
5	This place was really awesome, and I wish there were more places like it.Boyfriend and I and a group of friends were in Pittsburgh for the weekend, and I found D's on yelp.  The hot dogs looked delicious, and my friends are real beer fans, so we thought it'd be perfect.  It was better than expected.  First, obviously, the beer selection is amazing. You can either order off their menu, choose a beer from their walk-in fridge, or venture back into the Beer Cave (where they've got every beer ever) and throw a bottle or too in the chiller.  Five minutes later, the beer's cold and delicious. We all took advantage of this, and picked up six packs on the way out.  Second, the hot dogs were really good. I definitely recommend the Angry Tiki dog.  Sweet, spicy and really delicious. The only thing is they don't handle groups well. There's plenty of room, but once we'd already split up our check amongst everyone's credit card, we were told they don't usually do that for more than 6 people.  The guy did it for us anyway, but it took awhile, and I'm still not really sure who got charged for what.If you're in the area, or even almost in the area, make a trip to D's. It's definitely worth it.
3	"Meh" is kind of how I felt about this place, which I realize is an opinion that seems to go against the grain. I had heard about D's time and time again. Everyone talked about it like it was the greatest place in existence. I had such high expectations! I suppose maybe I was expecting too much, which led to some disappointment. A few friends and I went here on a Friday night and it was (predictably) packed. We were fairly lucky to get a table almost right away. I obviously had to acknowledge that the beer selection is impressive. If you can't find it here, you probably can't find it anywhere in Pittsburgh. I had to check out the famous "Beer Cave" which seemed to have just about everything. I think I'll make it a point to pick up some brews here next time I'm looking for something unusual or new.I wish I had more to say, but I just wasn't feeling it. My friends love it so I'm sure I'll be back, and next time I'll make it a point to try the food. Judging by some of the other reviews, that might change my perception of the place.
5	Good place, a lot o beer selection. Simple food. I watched the World Cup here and was very nice with the front open to the street for outdoor seating. Good fries.
5	D's is always worth the trip, whether you're stopping by for some food or heading straight to the beer cave to build your own six pack. Maybe it attracts a certain kind of younger crowd, but it is truly a no-frills kind of place and the people working there could not be more friendly and accommodating. The first time I came here our server was super chill and chatty with us as well as patient while we took our time figuring out how many add-ons to pile on top of our food despite the busy atmosphere of the place.The food is cheap and hits the spot, for meat eaters and vegetarians alike. I will say their seitan wings were particularly crunchy/dry and not altogether satisfying shared between people, but the flavors were great.But let's be real, you're probably coming here for the dogs. It's cool, I do too. And you will probably want to add avocado to whatever it is you're getting, because avocado is for winners, just like the ocean.One night, during some seriously biblical amounts of rain and lightning, the power went out temporarily and workers and patrons alike kept on going like it was -no big deal-, demonstrating that the strength of D's can weather any storm.
4	D's has long been a stand-by for a good veggie hotdog and a nice beer selection for me. It has reasonable bar food and a reasonably priced wide selection of beer. My meat-eating friends seem to really like the wings and various meat hotdogs and burgers.It is always very crowded during peak dinner times, even early in the week in my experience. Extpect a long wait on weekends for sure! D's is a comfortable place to go for me and attracts a young-ish crowd but not to young. The atmosphere is lively and casual.Service can be slow but the servers are always friendly. Overall this is a good casual food place. The walk-in beer cooler and additional beer selection are a draw as well. They do have some vegetarian options as well, which I always appreciate.
5	The most amazing food ever! Had the blue cheese burger and sweet potato fries and it was best I ever had!! Even the ranch was out of this world ! Service was amazing! Courteous and so friendly !!! Definitely coming back!
5	What's not to like here?
5	Best hot dog in town with a variety of different toppings and styles.  Amazing selection of beers in the back.  Great place to go with friends on a Friday night!
4	Pleasantly surprised by the extent of the selection of beer here. Also -- I'm visiting from Seattle and they have Elysian on tap! Elysian Night Owl is the best pumpkin variety I have ever had in my life. Came here with my aunt Joanne and she really couldn't believe that as a beer enthusiast I had never been here. Try the Elysian!
5	As if this place needs another glowing review!When I first moved to Pittsburgh, a local clued me in to the wonders of D's. She leaned forward and whispered, "....yeah 'suchandsuchbar' is alright, but if you want the BEST beer selection in Pittsburgh with the friendliest staff, go to D's Six Pax and Dogz." She proceeded to give me directions. Mind you, this was a total stranger. But I liked the mystique so obviously I jumped in my car and found D's (her directions were perfect.) Walking into the beer cave is an almost religious experience. What's this to my immediate left? Seasonal brews? Yes, I'll definitely have some of those. Trippel Belgians? Count me in. Beers brewed by monks? Of course. All the Dogfish Head and Rogue a girl could ever want? Double check. Giant bottles of Chimay? I must be dreaming. And if you thought things couldn't get any better, you're clearly not following along close enough-you get $1.00 off every bottle you take to go. Bobby and I brought a friend here last night because he said he had never been. We stocked up on pumpkin beers and they even had Weyerbacher Imperial Pumpkin Ale which I can never seem to find anywhere. Our friend was in awe. The only downside I can possibly think of when it comes to D's is the magical time powers that seem to exist in the beer cave. I kid you not, I've sometimes found myself in the beer cave for over 45 minutes agonizing over crafting the perfect six pack. Of course, this isn't D's fault. I'm naturally indecisive. I love this place so good.
4	D's is a great place to drink to your heart's content with any darn beer you please! They have just about any beer your little mug could possibly conjure up. The service is quick, not overly friendly but they get the job done- what you expect from a pub type atmosphere.  A great after-work unwind.
4	While everyone goes here for the dogs, the pizza is not be ignored. Hand tossed crusts with a nice selection of specialty pizzas. Appetizers are good as well. Hummus is a solid choice. Not a fan of their wings. Beer selection is on point and if you can't find what you want on tap, head into the beer cave. I like that you can find a crazy variety and try new beers. Always busy, so be prepared to wait.
4	A crowded, yet cozy place to get a great dog. The beer cave is impressive, and the rotating drafts have something for everyone. I had the pulled pork dog which had just the right amount of hot dog, pulled pork, and sauerkraut. The fries were well fried and not oily or overly crispy. The bar area was well kept and clean, and I enjoyed the first dog so much I had to get another. If you can find a spot to sit, you won't be disappointed.
5	The best hot dog I've had. Ever. I also have to say trying to decide which hot dog I wanted was by far one of the hardest decisions I have had to make (food-wise). Eventually, I got the chihuahua dog because it was out of the box and I wanted try something new. It comes with avocado spread, salsa, cheddar cheese, and jalapenos. The dog itself was perfectly crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside and really just the best I have had. The toppings were great and I was happy I gave it a try. My friend got the bacon and cheese dog. I was expecting bacon bit type bacon, but they were full strips of bacon that were perfectly crisp and the melted cheese was right on. I am certainly going to come back and try a new hot dog. I am very exciting to finally have a hot dog place that I know produces fantastic tasting hot dogs. I would definitely recommend you give this place a try.
4	Best fries around and a really good beer selection.  A little bit of a drive for us, but we always find a reason to go.  The staff is beyond friendly
5	Mac n cheese dog is incredible.  This place is small and gets packed so be prepared for a long wait and no personal space.
5	I absolutely loved this place. First off, I love Regent Square. It's the cutest place, and this is the perfect place for a night out or even to get beer for a night in. My boyfriend is obsessed with the create your own six pack from the beer cave. We ate here on a friday and the place was packed but we got sat right away and our food came out fast. Amazing specialty hummus of the day ( i think it was chipotle ranch) and great sandwiches. The portions are huge and you won't leave hungry.
5	I love D's! My roommate and I are happy regulars at both the restaurant and the attached beer cave, and we like to drag our out-of-town friends here as well. This place is honestly one of the best things about living in Regent Square. The staff are friendly and efficient and the food is always hot and fresh. The beer is of course outstanding. What more could you want in a neighborhood bar?
4	The only place outside of Chicago that does a proper Chicago dog.  I love their crispy fries.  No matter how you order them, you won't be disappointed.  Pub fries are our family favorite. Save yourself a few bucks and grab your own bottled beers from the beer cave. You aren't going to find a better selection of beers in the city.  Sure some places might have a larger selection of beers on tap, but D's is the only place you will find 6 varieties of actual authentic French Saisons in season.  Pizza is excellent and rivals any pizza only place in Pittsburgh. Super kid friendly is the icing on the cake.
4	I agree with others that the beer cave is wonderful.  I could stay in there for hours!  The pizza ain't bad either!
3	Great fries.  Lots of bar food -- burgers, six packs, dogs...etc.  The restaurant is small and got VERY crowded.  A few tables and wooden chairs and a couple of high top tables by a garage door that I imagine opened when it is not frigid cold out like tonight.  It is like a beer bar without a bar.Several beers on tap...I imagine that is the reason for the crowd because it certainly isn't the food.  The food is greasy Pittsburgh fare that doesn't seem really all that great.  Granted, I loved the fries.  But would I wait for 30 minutes for a table for really unhealthy, generally unimpressive food?  Nope.  Fortunately we had just beaten the crowds or I would not be writing this review.   After we were seated, people poured in.  Families with little kids and groups of older adults standing in the crowded doorway waiting for the opportunity to eat mediocre food.  Hmmm....makes me think a new restaurant in Regent Square is in order because there is clearly a deficit.
4	Pretty danggum awesome hotdogs, beer, and anything you could possibly want to order in a bar that would immediately spike your cholesterol 50 points.  Serious nachos?  Check.  Fries drenched in meats and cheese?  Check check.  It's some Blue-Collar goodness, with a little Hipster aftertaste.    The hotdogs are worth the hype (yay Angry Tiki dog with pinapple and bacon!), and the beer cave is a happy place with one of the best selections in the city.
5	I have to echo the sentiments of others on the service here...it is always friendly and quick (but not suspiciously so). Plenty of beers to choose from on tap, and in the cooler and back room with some awesome wine selections to boot. The hot valentine, mac n cheese, and chihuahua dogs are my favorites and I could bathe in the avocado spread that tops those immaculate veggie pub style fries.
3	I was really excited to try D's Six Pax and Dogs. But from the moment my friend and I walked in on a Friday at lunch time, we were kind of bummed.  We sat down at the bar, and the bartender refused to even acknowledge us, let alone serve us.  So we switched to the other side of the space.The service on the other side was better but a tad slow.  I started with the macaroni and cheese ($3.00).  It was just doctored Kraft mac and cheese, with a bit too much salt, but for the price is was reasonable and good.  I ordered a Chicago dog ($5.50), and the hot dog was an all star for the most part.  It was an authentic Chicago style dog, and the toppings were fantastic.  My friend ordered a Big Ben hot dog, and it was pretty gross.  The cheese picked up the vinegar-y taste from the coleslaw, and it made the cheese taste sour.  Not appetizing at all.  D's grills their hot dogs, which is normally fine.  However, both my friend and my dogs came out very burnt.  One of hers was literally inedible, and these hot dogs are pricey.  The server did not say anything about the practically untouched hot dog and just took it off of the table.They do have some daily or lunch specials for cheaper hot dogs so check that out.The verdict?  I would come back here for a Chicago dog and ask them to boil it to prevent the risk of a singed dog, and I would return for the beer cave.
4	Just stopped in for a beer or two before the Pens game. Bartenders were very friendly, especially considering how busy they were. Food is perfect drinking food.
3	D's is a typical bar food type of place.  It's size makes it cozy and in general it has a nice, happy ambience.  The food is nothing spectacular but not bad as well - even though the hot dogs are pretty good.  It has a large selection of drafts and there is also a back "room" where you can buy pretty much any beer that exists either for taking it to your home or for having it with your dinner.  The service was fast and helpful.  I am sure I will be visiting this place again in the future but just do not expect something spectacular.
4	Great selection of beers and, true to the name, really good Dogs..
5	I've been trying to find new and different restaurants recently, and this is one I found:About the place:- It's small- It's packed and crowded.- Due it's size, they seats near the walls are all awkward and can't be comfortable.- I wouldn't recommend it for big parties unless you organized it with the place ahead of time.- There is free parking outside, but you are going to have trouble finding a spaceThe food:- NOTHING COMES WITH THE HOT DOGS AND MEALS COME WITH CHIPS. The fries cost more to get as a side. Who ever heard of fries with your burger/dog? Um, apparently everyone except this place.- I got the chili cheese dog, the mac and cheese dog and the chili cheese fries.- The chili cheese fries are very very good and are some of the best I've had. If you like long fries with breading, you'll like these. The large size is indeed a large size and is enough for 2-3 people.- You get one hot dog, and with toppings on it, it will cost $6.50. I get two dogs with toppings at the local Sunoco for $2.22. I could also buy two packs of hot dogs and probably buns from a cheap place for $6.50, so it's not the cheapest.- The hot dog buns are good and have some green or black seeds on it. The hot dogs are just typical size and aren't super fat or foot longs.The staff:- They are overworked but they are nice.- One of the girls was cooking and had no hair cover, so I could easily see hair going in food. Hope they fix that.Suggestions for D's:- Please sell curly fries or pretzels!- Stop being cheap. Give fries with your burger/dog and GIVE ME A SIDE WITH MY DOG.- Try to get a bigger place- Lower the prices for hot dogs or give two hot dogs. They have to be making near $6 profit on a $6.50 dog.Would I go back? Definitely.
