3	This place is located on the 1st floor of the Galleria in Henderson. It is literally within 5 minutes of my house but i've only been there once b/c I forget its there... and I'm currently in training for football, not to play but to watch. Gotta save all those calories for Sat. & Sunday and somtimes even MNF!!  Anyway this place has about 8 different flavors of frozen yogurt. One of them wasnt all that cold but the rest were really good, that I tried. The usual cake batter and blueberry, strawberry and peanut butter, cookies & cream, etc. They had more toppings available than @ U-Swirl but I think the flavors @ U-Swirl were a lil better. so You can choose based on that. I personally prefer to go with fresh fruit (upon walking in....) however once you're there and the brownie chunks are staring you right in the face you rationalize that 39 cents per oz is a steal. :) I like this place a lot.. but I think Golden spoon is a better option for those who can't help themselves with toppings - B/c @ Golden spoon you its not a self-serve like it is here. @ Golden spoon you pay per topping. Def. give this place a shot over the funnel cakes in the food court. Def. better for you than a funnel cake any day!
2	ehh its ok  not many flavors and not organic
3	After years of avoiding this place (I really don't have a reason), we tried this place on Black Friday- they were handing out 10% off coupons (for the four of us, it was $12). My verdict: it's not bad. There are a few flavors that are really good (tip: get flavors and toppings that go well together, or else it's just going to taste funky). There was a small topping station; everything was filled and looked fresh. We are always trying to find our all-time favorite flavor, Taro. Nope, it's not here, either (only at Yogurtland @ Town Square, minus the holidays, because of the seasonal flavors). There were a few tables- they were all clean. The trash can is located a few feet away in the aisle of the mall. Would we come back again? Sure, if we were in the area, and not going to Coldstone across the way, near Sunset Station casino. Oh, and not full on Sweet Factory fare.
2	I seem to attract really odd attention from total strangers--for example, one time I was told that I have eyes "just like a Holstein." Though I can honestly say that I had the strangest experience ever from somebody I didn't know at this shop--the person who I believe is the store's owner.First off, I will say that I was going to give this place 3 stars max to begin with--somebody didn't feel like cutting the pineapple slices so I had to pick them up and take 2-3 bites out of each chunk. Not exactly froyo-style. My other major complaint was that they have a pretty presumptuous tipping system: two little drums, one slightly larger than the other, with some tongue-in-cheek phrases about how little tips go in the little drum, big tips go in the big drum. The girl wasn't doing anything but ringing me up--and obviously not slicing the pineapples :)Anyhow, before I go into the strage interaction with who I assume is the owner, I will say that the froyo was pretty good. Not amazing, but good. Mango, red velvet, and strawberry and cream. Strawberry and cream wasn't super frozen--came out soupy and melty. But the other two were alright. So I finished up my yogurt and was gathering my things to leave when this person came up to me and asked if I enjoyed my yogurt, and I replied that I did. Here is how the rest of the conversation went down.HIM: So you come in a lot, don't you?ME: No, I've never been here before.HIM: Really? Okay maybe just one other time.ME: No, really, I've passed by this place but I've never eaten any yogurt.HIM: Oh okay. So are you just coming from church?ME: No.HIM: Really? Because you look like the kind of person that would go to church.ME: (gathers up things in a scramble) Um, no. I'm dressed in black because I work in a theater.HIM: Really? Because Santo So-and-So's church is right over there.ME: (runs away)Not really sure if this stratagem of challenging whether people have been there and/or potentially evangelizing them works on other customers, but it did not work on me.
2	Located inside of the Galleria Mall, we were doing some shopping and needed a treat.  Well, I've been to other self serve yogurt shops and really would have rather went to them.  They had a variety of fat free and low fat frozen yogurt.  They had two different areas of toppings ~ one by the checkout and an island of toppings in the middle.  Looking closer I noticed many of their choices were repeated to make it seem like more.  Bummer.I decided to try their oreo topped with caramel and white chocolate chips.  The oreo yogurt really lacked in flavor.   Bummer again.  So if you are looking for a nice frozen yogurt treat, look elsewhere.
