4	If you find yourself wandering down Princes Street looking for something to eat PLEASE take my advice- walk past TGI Friday's, McDonalds etc, past the overpriced George Street restaurant's and bars and down to Urban Angel on Hanover Street. The food here beats everything nearby- fresh, locally sourced, original recipes and all homemade. In addition to the substantial brunch, tapas and dinner menu's there are always a great range of specials. Pasta of the day, risotto of the day, fish of the day- delicious! I've been here at every time of day and I've always been impressed. Burgers are enormous and come with great chunky chips. The scrambled eggs have obviously been made slowly with loads of butter and cream but my favourite is the tapas selection. Halloumi bites, pork belly with fennel and chargrilled artichokes- yum! Not only is the food here great but the venue itself is beautiful. Exposed stone walls, wooden beams and an odd fire place have a very country cottage feel. Urban Angel is a lovely restaurant and well recommended!
5	This cafe gleams like a beacon of light along a stretch of road overrun by American chains and overpriced entrees.  Walk down the few steps into Urban Angel and you feel immediately like you've come home.  No really, it feels like a home.  Comfortable, relaxed, and not fussy in the least.  I half expected to see crayoned drawings peppering the bottom two feet of the walls.My favorite three things:1) Its whole look: from the promo postcards to the menus, the strategically wallpapered walls to the worn wood floors, this cafe makes you feel like you're hanging with the cool crowd with none of the worry that you might be wearing the wrong shoes.  It's inclusive, but has just a bit of an edge on its customers (like an older sibling).  2)  I came here for breakfast two days in a row on a three day trip.  'Nuf said.3)  Everyone who works here seems like they lead interesting, exotic lives that they'd regale you with stories of if they weren't so busy running around to serve their ever-increasing number of customers.
5	I'm so annoyed that I've only found this place with a few days to go in my month-long Edinburgh stay.Food is top-notch. Drink choice is fantastic. Desserts delicious. And, to top it all off, there's free (reliable!) wifi. I've now spent half a day working from there, having found a power-point. I'd be doing the same again if I wasn't leaving the country so soon.The staff are friendly and cheerful, the vibe is relaxed, from what I've picked up of the ethos, it seems like an intelligently and ethically run business.If you're planning on getting dinner there, I highly recommend the spicy lamb meatballs. You may want to book in advance, though - there was a steady stream of disappointed almost-customers one of the evenings I was there, with all the tables booked out before dinner hours really started.
5	The best mocha I've had in Edinburgh. Nuff said :)Really nice staff and a really pleasant atmosphere - perfect for a coffee house.  Don't be put off by the apparent small size - the real seating is through the door on the right!!
4	Urban Angel has been a brilliant addition to the high quality cafe scene in Edinburgh, popping up a few years ago and gaining super quick popularity.There are two branches of Urban Angel, one on Forth Street, and one here, on Hanover Street. In all honesty, I'm more of a fan, eating and drinking environment wise, of the Urban Angel on Forth Street, just because it feels more spacious and I like a good high ceiling, whereas on Hanover Street, the cafe is at basement level. It's still nicely done inside though, with a simple and very clean looking, contemporary feel to it. If you're right in the centre of town, this is a really handy option for a quick bite and a coffee, as the Forth Street cafe, although not far, is that bit further along at the east end.Anyway, on to the food, which I am a definite fan of at all times. The menu is pretty extensive and really well put together, and you can choose from an awesome brunch and breakfast menu, if that's the time of day you're in there, or from a selection of lighter tapas options, and tasty soup, sandwiches, a brilliant Cullen Skink and an equally as taste bud pleasing burger option. If you've got room for cake, definitely sample some of the home made treats on offer here.
3	I've nipped in here one or two times during the lunch hour. So far, the cappucino, soup, and smoked salmon sarnie I've tasted have all been from the top drawer, but the place is just a bit too overpriced and unloveable to do it for me. And I find the name really, really annoying."Urban Angel" is the kind of name a frumpy, 30-something, Fiat Punto driving woman would pick as it's "soo Manhattan". It's not, it's just wanky and irritating, and another indictment of the deluded nature of the city's New Town.
3	The Mocha's are goodThe sandwiches are tastyThe staff are friendlyThe price is ridiculous
3	I wanted to like this place more but I think I may have just expected too much. The food is quite good, but unfortunately not prepared that well. The ambience is cute but the service isn't great. -Chicken BLT - the chicken and bacon were delicious but the flat bread was completely burnt so all I could taste was char. Side salads were yummy though. I like that they use seasonal and fresh ingredients, but the way it's presented isn't the best. The breakfast items people ordered around me looked tasty though!
3	I wanted to like this place more but I think I may have just expected too much. The food is quite good, but unfortunately not prepared that well. The ambience is cute but the service isn't great.-Chicken BLT - the chicken and bacon were delicious but the flat bread was completely burnt so all I could taste was char. Side salads were yummy though.I like that they use seasonal and fresh ingredients, but the way it's presented isn't the best. The breakfast items people ordered around me looked tasty though!
4	Two words - Vegetarian Haggis. When I was in Scotland, I knew I had to try haggis, but I didn't particularly want "sheep's pluck" (to put it politely) in my stomach. But, when I saw that they had vegetarian haggis, I knew I had to have it - and it was absolutely delicious. The desserts looked delicious, but I honestly couldn't eat anymore - I had decided to have the vegetarian haggis and one of the seasonal soups (it had been raining and I was soaked and freezing). Plus, the whole place was great. It was a cute cafe, perfect for three friends to sit and have a great catch up and reminisce about high school. But not only was the cafe cute - the plating was also beautiful. Highly recommend everybody to eat here - especially vegetarians who want to try haggis. You're in Scotland - eat as the Scottish do!
4	Great food. Smoked venison sandwich is amazing. Long wait for lunch and the host acted though as we were putting him out by telling him we'd wait for a table. That was the only con. The local Scottish sodas are really good too.
4	Great location.  This unassuming front of the house cafe leads to a dine-in section (make that two) in the back.  Lovely find during our weekend getaway from London.  Friendly and helpful staff fueled us for our day at the Edinburgh Castle.  The Chai (with honey) was yummy, the benedict (with smoked haddock) just the right amount and the oatmeal - made to order and to your preference.  It was just a tad too early for the arbroath smokie but if i'd a second visit would've definitely tried the dish.
3	Nice place, and nice sweet pastries, coffee, tea and scones.More trendy/updated than classic.Been here twice, but i rather prefer Peters Yard
4	the whole style of this place is right up my street. Dark wood, muted colours and exposed stone floors (!!) is pretty much everything i've ever loved about interior design. but i digress.went in on a sunny Easter Monday for a small bite and coffee. Always thought it was tiny, but now realise it is deceptively large! Though their cakes and breakfast menu looked good, i went for a kale and artichoke bruschetta. Super tasty, although the bread could have been a wee bit crisper. Most exciting for me was the piccolo, which i hadn't seen on a menu for a while. yum yum yum! short, sweet shot of tasty coffee. i could have one daily.Knocked a star off for the slightly obscene pricing... especially the sandwiches. ouch.
4	How do you liiiiike your eggs in the morning? I like mine with a kiss!Or failing that: Eggs Benedict with smoked salmon. I have always loved salmon, yet I'd never tried it until recently! What a REVELATION. I can't believe I haven't tried this already, so much time wasted!We were in Edinburgh for an overnight stay and headed out for some breakfast. We stumbled upon Urban Angel and decided to give the organic, locally sourced and fresh menu a shot!From the outside it looks tiny, but when you go inside its like a rabbit warren with separate compartments. We sat in the back room which was cute - exposed walls, log fire and fir tree and fairy light decorations. The staff were very relaxed and friendly - just what you want early on in the day!So what did we eat? The finest breakfast in ALL THE LAND.French toast, crispy bacon and maple syrup -  I'd never tried it with a baguette and it was really nice! I liked that it held its own and was less soggy than a normal loaf! Bacon and syrup together just make sense. Eggs Benedict with Smoked Salmon - AMAZING. As I said before, I can't believe I'd never tried it before! I put it down to sleeping through until lunch time. I'm not a morning person so breakfast is normally slept through and I literally make no effort to make or eat it. If I am aware of this being available to me I WILL wake up! I'll even set an alarm.See my full review here: http://wp.me/p2vpGr-eU
5	I do adore this restaurant  I've been many many times over 12+ yrs. I  prefer this location to forth street. I've had birthday. Mine and friends. I treat lots of friend to this gorgeous place. Great service. Beautiful creative food. I'll add more later as I could go on and on. Go. You'll love it!
5	So.... to tell you more about Urban Angel Hanover st. I treasure the welcome area. Many reasons as it is good to wait for a friend, can look at all the lovely salad and cakes( ready for when seated, great area to feel free to sit and quickly down a coffees. It's peaceful there as its brightness and sense of the staff having things in hand in the restaurant feels lovely. Really dig all the bars of chocolate in the welcome area for sale. Especially the raw consciousness!!! Go U rban angel!  And have a glass of proseco. Make all things right
5	The perfect spot for Sunday brunch! Huge tasty portions, and quick and cheerful service. the French toast is awesome, especially with black pudding!
4	I recently had brunch at the Urban Angel. I loved this place. Their menu featured some classics like eggs benedict, scrambles, and quiches but also had some more inventive dishes such as a superfood salad and falafel flatbread, which is what I opted for and thoroughly enjoyed. My friend got eggs benedict and said they were great with some of the best hollandaise he's ever had. Also also had some great-looking juices and smoothies which we were too full to try, but the coffee was excellent. This place emphasizes the quality of the ingredients they use, so everything tasted fresh and well-sourced. The ambiance is nice - relaxed in a basement with wood furniture and natural light. It's nice, but casual. I would say the service wasn't great. Everyone was friendly, but it took a long time to get our food -two tables sat after us got their food ahead of time. However, I did feel this was a one-off and it wouldn't stop me from going back again.All in all, I highly recommend this place.
4	Went here on a rainy Sunday afternoon. I'd never been to any of them, but it was the only place I could think of for both coffee and food (and ambiance) in New Town. The girl working the counter was lovely and offered to let my friend and I sit in the area around the counter. I opted for table, at 2:30 they were fully-full, so I was happy there was one for us. The menu is filled with yummy and healthy options and it looks like they serve a smashing breakfast. They also offer lots of fruit smoothies and shakes, which all sounded amazing. I opted for the eggplant quiche, which was on the special board and a flat white. The service was very on to it and it is a cozy little place, all be it, a bit nosy, but it was very busy, so always a good sign. My food arrived not long after and to my surprise (and delight!) the 'salad' alongside the quiche, was not your traditional green leaves, but a mix of a small lentil salad, a small grain salad and some pickled eggplant.I am a sucker for all things eggplant and the pickled eggplant or maybe it was just served cold after it has been cooked in something slightly-sweet or vinegary, but it was delicious! Light and fluffy and filled with veggies. The accompanying salad was a real treat and was so nice to have instead of the average green leaves you generally see. They had a cheesecake on special, which looked amazing, so I will definitely be back for breakfast or cake at some point. My only gripe about this place, is the coffee tasted fine, it just came out and wasn't very hot. I would need to have it again, as it was a bean I have yet to encountered yet in Edinburgh. A definite stop for me from now on!
4	I'm laughing at myself for this one as I got the wrong branch (there is another one on Forth St) - so had to run to meet the rest of the hot chocolate search team!But I like the atmosphere of this Branch and i will be back!
5	1 Forth Street, EH1 3JX or 121 Hanover Street, EH2 1DJ. Appropriately obsessed with the chai tea latte and true Scottish haggis I had for breakfast there. Delicious. Serves lunch and dinner, too. Haggis, by the way, is sheep organs ground with barley, onions, and spices. Quite a sweet meat-esque dish; very hearty, fulfilling, tasty, and chock full of iron and trace minerals.Emily Rose Reeder
4	Stopped in for breakfast on the May Bank Holiday.  Located a few short blocks from Princes Street on Hanover.Nice atmosphere, friendly enough servers, tasty food and good, strong coffee.Rating is for brunch (4 stars).  A bit expensive for brunch so I would give it only 3 stars for value.French toast & bacon was good.Porridge with honey was good.Breakfast smoothie was OK.Coffee was good.Service was fine.Atmosphere is good, I liked the old stove / sink in the seating area.Give it a try, see what you think :)
5	Damn, I wish I could remember to take food photos.  Anyways, the husband and I walked here from our hotel on the Royal Mall for brunch on a Wednesday at about 1.  For ppl from the US, Edinburgh is NOT a cheap eating city - however, many restaurants offer a prix fix menu with options for selecting an item from the apps and an item from a selection of entrees and so on.  For 10 pounds each we had an entree, choice of tea or coffee, and a glass of fresh squeezed OJ (delish).I chose the avocado and cherry tomatoes on toast with the addition of a poached egg.   Doesn't sound like much, but picture a giant slice of brown home baked bread, about an inch thick with and entire avocado mashed on top of it and bright cherry tomato halves sprinkled with sea salt - and a perfectly poached egg YUM.Service was good - ingredients were superb.  Oh, husband had an egg benedict - said it was great!
4	Stopped by for a late lunch and we had avocado and tomato on toast, hummus and flat bread, and pulled smoked pork on ciabatta with cole slaw inside with some yummy Mediterranean salads. Everything was so fresh and wonderful. Highly recommend!
5	Delightful little place!  Went for brunch and love the super fresh eggs, fresh squeezed juices, good tea, thoughtful food choices, and generally refined feel. Wouldn't think twice about going back any time.
5	Love this place!  High quality food...fresh, free range, local, organic.  We were in Edinburgh for three breakfasts and ate here for every one.  I really loved the Raw Cacoa smoothie, poached eggs with salmon, and raw salad.  Amazing place!  Full of light, yes cozy...made me feel warm and fuzzy and kept my stomach purring all day long =)
4	Superb food, not the most child friendly place in the world.We did come during the festival so that might excuse the less than friendly welcome we got but there was a definite feel of "it will be quite a wait for you" translating as "I really wish you'd get yourself the hell out of here" from the "greeting" staff.We ended up sitting outside which worked out fine and the food did make up for the welcome as did the coffee which was superb.  We'll come back without the wee ones and give it another whirl
3	Food was fine but pricey. Service was rude to say the least. We were asked to keep our lunch under an hour & a half (which we would have done anyway as it was just two of us). Plus, we were asked to stand in a certain spot by an angry waiter whilst waiting in the hallway for the table to be cleared & then once we moved, asked to move again, rudely by another waiter. I understand that the festival is stressful for restaurants, but being welcoming costs nothing.
4	I suppose I should get over the fact that everything, simply everything in this city is some degree of charming or exquisite, if I'm to save my next year of reviews from the endless loop of, "oh my gosh, it's so pretty!" But give me a break, it's only day two.Oh my gosh, it's so pretty!Shabby chic interior with wood detailing and a hidden courtyard? Edinburgh, i'm in. Let's do this. Pull on a few more heart strings why don't you? For hecks sake, I even found the four lopsided stairs into the place charming as #$&% (though, this city is like a high heels olympics.)Hailing from the land of, "absolutely EVERYTHING must in some way sound like it will save your life" (also known as Vancouver), I truly appreciate a place that makes fried cheese sound healthy.For lunch, I inhaled the halloumi with fried tomatoes & a side of portobello mushrooms. So distracted was I by the promise of fried dairy that I failed to notice the "small plate" classification. I may look like a lady, but my appetite thinks otherwise, and though exceptionally tasty, it was not enough to keep me going for the rest of the afternoon. Thankfully, they also boast some seriously tasty smoothies and the Recovery with peanut butter goodness was enough to keep me perky through the remainder of the work day, while still seeming healthy enough to partake in a particularly devious dinner (stay tuned). With good coffee to boot, I could see this place fast becoming a lunch time haunt when i'm in need of some greens and a quiet atmosphere.Bonus points for the GF availability - it will come in handy when the mother unit comes for a visit.Definitely worth a pop in the door but do mind the steps!
3	Very good food, sometimes can have you waiting for a table for a little too long. Pretty fast service, and lots of healthy smoothie options!
4	A cute, chi-chi place in New Town. I got the kale, spinach, mango, coconut water and spirulina smoothie for takeaway- 4.60 quid- and the orange polenta- 2.60 quid. A little too pricey overall for both as the frothy, smooth drink went down too fast. But the polenta, wow, incredibly rich and moist and could only take a few bites at a time. Well-done!
5	I ordered Eggs Benedict and toast with avocados,salsa tomato n poached egg are for breakfast .  The poached egg is so good which is a really  liquid yolk inside! Everything is really  good. Then I had  a breakfast smoothie which are mixed banana n berries. it's a good ending.  What a good morning!
