3	It's located in the Wal-Mart shopping center so its convenient and the guys there are pretty helpful I go pay my cell phone there every month & sometimes pick up DVD's when the have TOP brands on sale. DO NOT buy their brand it is not a good product. Radio Shack is really a dinosaur I can't believe they stay open. I never look around since it's so pathetic and such obscure stuff.
1	WARNING, READ THIS WHOLE POST....If I could give minus zero stars I would.So here is the story....Went into to buy a hand held phone for my elderly Mom, who  kinda watered her old phone while gardening-ya know that happens...Went in Radio Shack on Charleston to just re-place it with a new one, but they only had the two hand helds this time, so ok.- i buy it .Take it home, let it charge, does not work properly-take it back. When I enter the store as the ONLY other person other than the clerk I stand at the counter for 3 mins...the has his back to me the entire time ,  never turns around, never says hello, can i help you, nada. Finally he comes around and asks "what's up".I tell him about the new phone not working, he says would you like another one, I say yes, yes please....so far so good...right...but wait here it comes.  I say- "Just so you know it appeared when i got it home that the box was opened  before", he says "Yes, they all are"- puzzled I say, "they all are?" ..."do you open them when checking them in" (thinking of inventory or some shit) - ok so here it comes, sitdown yelpers...................."no, once an item is returned it goes back on the shelf again" ............................... so in my shock, just as I am sure you are now.....on so many levels       I say, "Are you kidding me right now, let me get this straight...if this second phone phone in my hands for some reason does not work, I can return and get the first jacked up one i bought/returned, or better yet, 100% fact, the next person that buys the phone i just returned is coming back TOO!"  "Yes, Maam- I just do what they tell me to do and if you have an issue you need to contact our corporate headquarters." "Really?". "Yeah really Lady".There is more to the story which is all so boring but that is it in a nut shell.This is so wrong on so many levels and beyond shocking....JUST DONT BUY ANYTHING FROM RADIO SHACK- CUSTOMER SERVICE, CUSTOMER EXPIERENCE and PRODUCT QUALITY IS NOT IMPORTANT TO THEM AT ALL......and that Dude at the counter did us all a favor by telling me so I could tell you.
1	Extremely rude employees!  They made fun of the lady in front of me until she was on the verge of tears, for absolutely no reason! She didn't even say anything.  They made fun of her ethnicity (Asian) then started treating her like she was dumb.  When one of them were ringing me up, he said "what do you want? I thought you were with her"  implying that we were together because we were both of Asian decent. The one ringing me up threw the receipt at me then kept saying "God bless you" in a really condescending way.
1	It's too bad this chain is doing so poorly lately, they used to be so helpful. Went in for a battery that turned out to be behind the counter on the wall. The one employee in the store was busy helping far too many people. Tried to go behind the counter to see if they had the correct item, was quickly told I couldn't be there. Had to wait quite awhile to be told they didn't have it. In short, this store is understaffed.Was then told to go to a store that didn't exist, thanks Google Maps for finally finding Batteries Plus.
5	The BEST one in town!!!!!!!!!! Friendly and knowledgable staff. I always come here for all my electronics, parts and batteries!!
