4	I wound up at this hotel through hotwire.com.  I needed a place to stop on my way to Toronto on vacation, and wanted something outside of downtown.The hotel staff were friendly and helpful and I was checked in pretty quickly to a comfortable, spacious room.  I even decided to splurge on room service because in contrast to many hotels, the meals were actually quite reasonably priced.One other interesting thing - free wifi was available, or you could pay for "premium" service.  I watched a couple of movies on Netflix in the hotel with no issues on the free service.  Paying for internet at hotels infuriates me, so I can happily say that there's no need to here.Overall, I'd recommend this hotel, and I'd return without hesitation, though usually for through trips I just use hotwire so it's luck of the draw!
2	HAS MICEI stayed here for one night when I had a connection through Montreal airport that was cancelled. Of the two people at the hotel check in desk, one was friendly and one was extremely rude. And I mean extremely. No smile, very unwelcoming, made myself and the group checking in in front of me feel unwanted at the hotel. The vending machine on my floor (2) looked like it had been installed in 1960 and was out of Diet Soda of any kind, so I was forced to venture downstairs to the bar where I was charged an extortionate price of more than $3 each for a small glass bottle of Diet Coke. This was after having to wait in line at the bar for upwards of 10 minutes as the bar was severely understaffed. I feel I should not have had to go downstairs for a coke at midnight when I checked in had the hotel been able to provide a decent standard of room service -- but apparently the room service closes when the restaurant kitchen closes, which is far too early. And breakfast is not served until 6.30am, which is too late for many of us traveling to the airport. Regarding the airport shuttles -- though free, it was severely overcrowded and there were more people in the van than seatbelts. This is not only dangerous and uncomfortable, but illegal, as well. The shuttles also seem to leave 5 minutes before it was scheduled. I was meant to catch the 6am shuttle and when I arrived at the front desk at 5.55am I was told it had left already. When I asked if there was room on the 6.15am shuttle the man at the desk was not able to tell me, even after radioing the shuttle driver. Nobody seemed to have a list of people meant to be on the shuttle and so I was just informed to "wait and see". After waiting it turned out there was room on the shuttle (though illegally crammed in like sardines), but then this shuttle left at 6.10am by the clock in the van itself. So why call it the 6.15 shuttle? There was also no porter/bellboy service to speak of, and I arrived with 4 heavy suitcases that I was left to struggle with on my own. It would have been very nice if someone could have stepped in to help. The toothbrush I was given at reception when I asked for one was of the sort that bends nearly in half when used. It looked like the kind airplanes give you that has about 2 bristles and is made out of plastic 1/16" thick. It would have been nice to be given a proper toothbrush that I could have really cleaned my teeth with. When I went to log on to the wi-fi that was apparently free with my room, the computer prompted me for my room number and surname. Having provided both it then told me that my name did not match the files of the hotel and it was unable to provide me with internet access. As it was already late at this point and I just wanted to check last minute flight details I chose to forgo bringing this to the hotel staff attention and just gave up on it. By why advertise it as free if it's not? As far as the room goes -- the bathroom had conditioner, body wash, a bar of soap, and puzzlingly no shampoo. Was I meant to condition my hair but not wash it!? I also found many hairs in the bathroom that were not mine. What really took the cake, however, were the two MICE that I saw while tucked up in bed reading before sleep. One running around the floor under my bed and one on the dresser next to the television. Never in my entire life have I stayed in a hotel that has mice in it -- and I never plan on doing so again as I will NOT be back here.
3	I stayed at this locale as my client was within walking distance of the hotel that was a big plus. Service was friendly throughout my stay and the Wed PM manager social was well appreciated. Food and drink was on the expensive side and the food was Meh. Their fitness center is a cramped room with limited Equip and a Nautilus machine that was barely operational, pool looked nice. My room was OK and I nice view of a rail yard (insert sarcasm). Wireless was gratis and connectivity was good.They do have an airport shuttle which was OK. As others noted watch out for the hot water as it is scalding hot. Next visit I'll probably look for an alternative hotel.
2	I wound up at this hotel through Priceline's "express" deals for a 3.5 star hotel.  No way was it a 3.5 star as compared to my past 3.5 star hotel experiences through Priceline.  HOW PRICELINE OFFERS THIS AS A 3.5 STAR HOTEL IS BEYOND ME. The bath tub paint was chipping.  You could see the black material beneath the paint.  It also had some odd stains.  The shower curtain seemed like it had not been washed in a while (something you would find at a motel 6, NOT EVEN A SUPER 8).  The last morning, we had a final bill under our door which was higher than what I paid Priceline.  When I called reception, they said that they had forgotten to take the money from priceline.  I wonder what would have happened if I hadn't noticed this.The only thing that I was pleasantly surprised by was the room service model.  It's fairly old school as in, no delivery charge, no gratuity included.  You order what is on the menu at the price + the 15% tax and that is what you pay.  You can tip the delivery person if you want.  (Here in the US, they hit you with tax, delivery fee, gratuity and then on top of that expect you to pay the delivery man.  This makes a $12 hamburger into a $20 burger.)All in all, I will NEVER use this hotel again.YES, I have written to Priceline asking how on earth they advertised this as a 3.5 star hotel.
1	Stayed two nights for a hockey tournament. Place was clean. Rooms were fine. Hotel ran out of towels so that was a bummer. Bathroom was small. Elevators were slow. Parking was tight. Pool is murky, slide broke.The neighborhood is industrial, no place to eat except a terrible steak house across the highway. The worst thing was the heat- couldn't turn it down (all the rooms are this way) so you sweat on top if the blankets. Can't stay in the room long. We checked out early.
5	For the price, this hotel was great.  The staff is so professional and helpful.  You can exchange your American money into Canadian money right at the front desk.  They gave us directions to everywhere we wanted to go and provided advise on the easiest ways to get there.  Room was clean and pool was great!  Slide is a blast!!  The hotel bar is a lot of fun and reasonably priced.  Ordered hamburgers and they were delicious.  All in all, I would definitely recommend this hotel.  It's affordable, clean and in a great location.  Downtown Montreal is only 20 minutes away.
2	The room was comfortable and the staff syrupy friendly...  However, the internet is not at all what i'd expect for the price of the stay. Last night I finally gave up on waiting on ages to load and turned off my device.  They are very funny about another thing which they don't tell you about.  At 8:00 A.M. they turn all the AC units off.  So if you're sleeping in plan accordingly.  I wont stay here again.  I can get a room just as comfortable at a cheaper hotel and have equivalent or better internet, and have full control over the AC. Oh, I made one call to order dinner from down the road....  Charged 1.61.  For real.......  still charging for locals calls!
2	This hotel was just okay. I was attending a wedding and decided to book a room since there was an open bar. I'm reviewing my stay at the hotel and not the banquet part of this location which was way superior.  The lobby is clean and well kept but looks outdated. The rooms were nice looking and the bed was comfy.  Unfortunately the walls are paper thin and our bathroom door was broken. Once closed you had to pull on the handle with tremendous efforts to get it to open again...the boyfriend had a mild heart attack thinking he was stuck there. I laughed at the rubber mat they left rolled up in the corner of the tub. So 80's and unwelcoming; these things attract bacteria and mildew like there's no tomorrow. I fully understood why they had when I took a shower; the tub was extremely slippery! Keeping with the restroom theme, the shampoo and conditioner were simply one of the worst I've used. The product inside itself isn't bad. They're supplied by bath and body works and to be fair my hair felt and looked nice afterwards. The problem is in the bottle themselves. It's ridiculously hard to get the product out of there. You get one good gulp and then nothing, so much waste. Moving on to the service part of my stay. We were welcomed by a male employee who was courteous but had very visible tattoos on his hands. Call me old fashioned but it threw me off a little bit, like a mismatch between the look of the employee and the setting. They took a deposit on my credit card without warning me. Although it was corrected at check out I would have appreciated them telling me rather than my credit company sending me an email alert for the latest transactions and finding it out from there. I can understand why people chose to come here as it is not too far from the airport but for the price I think the Hilton Garden Inn is much nicer and has better service. The only 2 parts that I could give 5 stars are the pool and the banquet hall. The pool is perfect if you're travelling with kids, it has this huge water slide that will keep them entertain. As a montrealer I think you can book the pool for events or kids birthday party. The banquet hall was stellar! The food was delicious and the rooms were beautiful as well maintained. I'm guessing this location is a tad more into wedding business than the hotel business.
2	I stay here often for work. The TV network constantly goes out and has problems so don't get involved in a movie. Flimsy cheap pillows. Eat before you get there... Very very expensive to order service.
