5	I was referred here when my regular OB-GYN found a suspicious mass in my ovary during my annual exam in August (after taking two tests for determination, normal HMO operation). I made an appointment after the referral with my insurance company was accepted (HMO procedure). This was in the first week of October. The office is located behind Sunrise Hospital. There was quite a few people here in the lobby; it was almost depressing,some people were clearly in pain, moaning. Check-in was a series of paperwork (the front desk person could have explained the process to all the first-timers, like noticing that my husband could join me in my consultation- my only complaint really). I went to see Dr. Gould. She was very detailed and even drew up a "plan of action" diagram. (This is when my husband was allowed in, after he noticed that some husbands were joining their wives.) See, she would not know until the cyst was examined during my laparoscopic surgery. My options were to get a complete hysterectomy, should it be cancerous, get both ovaries removed altogether (should we give up on the whole idea of having children), or get the most basic parts removed (the minimum). So, we opted for the minimum. I didn't know if I had cancer, and this was a scary time for the both of us. So, after the discussion, she examined me, and said she could not feel anything; was even amazed that my OB-GYN felt the cyst. Dr. Gould took the time to really address our concerns.  We were then taken over to Nilda, who gave us directions for Pre-Op and Surgery Prep (the day before surgery). Nilda told me that young, healthy people are able to recover more quickly. We scheduled for the following wednesday, but I really wanted monday, so she called around to see if the time would open up. It seems fast, making that appointment for surgery. (Nilda was able to get that monday spot for me- she was thorough.) The entire visit took about 2 hours. Our portion was $138, which would need to be paid before the surgery. Surgery was detailed in my review update of Valley Hospital, but in a nutshell, Dr. Gould was excellent- she even finished quicker than estimated.  The follow-up appointment to see Dr. Gould was relatively easy. There were fewer patients waiting in the lobby. I was able to see her without much of a wait. She told me that I was recovering well, and that I could use any type of lotion on my scars. I could also go back to my regular, normal activities (after 2 weeks of taking it easy, I wanted to be independent again), and to stop my activity, if I had any pain. I asked her about my lack of appetite- she said that I should get it back again. Dr. Gould was confident that I would be healing very well. She was very nice, positive, and knowledgeable, throughout the entire experience. I would recommend her to anyone.Also, check out the website; you can download patient forms, view video of other doctors/stories featured on national television.
1	Unbelievably poor experience times two! The first visit consisted of a one hour  wait in the waiting room and another hour wait in the exam room. The doctor didnt even acknowledge I had any body parts or brains for that matter, above the waist. My attempt to ask one question was abruptly cut short. At check out the girl was on her cell phone when she asked if she could help me. I went back thinking nd hoping the first experience was an aberration, knowing that any office or physician can have a bad day. Spent an hour in the waiting room again, an hour in a freezing exam room with only a piece of paper to cover me. No restroom facilities were ever offered, no one apprised me of the wait, nor apologize. The whole circus was unacceptable and unbelievable that a cancer center would treat sick people this way. If an office is running behind they need to call you and offer the opportunity to reschedule. And I would hope that this office would invest in some blankets and customer service training for physicians and staff. After a two hour wait the second visit, freezing to point of discomfort, and no sign that anyone was coming soon, I left. I will find treatment for my cancer somewhere else.
1	possibly the most unprofessional office staff I have ever come across. The 3 girls behind the desk were gossiping loudly and cursing about their work day. This makes for a very uncomfortable environment, especially when the wait time, even when you have an appointment is 1-3 hours. The waiting room is almost as cold and uncomfortable as the office receptionists. It is freezing, paired with terrible chairs.. this almost prepared me for the smugness of the doctor whose bedside manor was awful. Do yourself and your family a favor and find any other doctor before seeking "help" at this joke of a clinic.
1	This is what is wrong with the medical field today. I came here with my wife and we had an appointment at 1pm. She gets taken back to a room at 4pm and doesn't get seen until 5pm. They take a biopsy and reschedule an appointment. Fast forward three weeks later. So today same deal. Waiting for 3 hours she's finally taken back to be told she was ok. Of course we had to pay for the two visits. I think a simple phone call stating your results came back ok would of sufficed. I can't  imagine how difficult and stressful this is for women, I know our experience here is not positive
