3	The ladies working behind the till here remind me of the cheery dinner ladies from my old school. Polite and often telling light hearted jokes the staff are great. I've found myself using this University Campus cafe more often than ever this yearThey do a mean butterscotch flapjack and have some tasty classics on the menu including a yummy macaroni and cheese bake. Away from the main lunchtime hours it's also a suitable place to study too. Plenty of chairs/tables and quiet music on in the background justify this.
4	Cafe Senses is one of favourite places to escape from the hustle and bustle of student life. If you want to go somewhere quite to eat or to even study, then this place is ideal! Renamed Cafe Senses a couple of years ago, the cafe offers sandwiches, some hot foods and snacks. All the foods that are available are based from primarily local, organic ingredients, with this cafe being entwined with the student association's efforts of making the university more green! The sandwiches I have had have been generally fine, nothing to rave about, but the prices are great! Much cheaper eating there than going out the campus! However, the main reason I like this cafe so much is that I can get a quiet table, get a cuppa and start peacefully reading over a book or some notes. Its chilled atmosphere takes you away from the noisy main library! Many first year students take an age to find this place, so the cafe is populated by older students which contributes to this chilled cafe.
4	What the Library Cafe gets wrong about a student campus eatery, Cafe Senses gets right.Situated in the basement of university building the David Hume Tower, Senses Cafe is a great place to come between lectures if you're a student, or just to pop in for a light lunch if you're in the area.Cafe Senses isn't anything fancy but who needs fancy when you have cheap good food? The interior is a large giant L shape with many sofas and tables spread throughout. The lighting can be a little dull at times. Most of the time Cafe Senses seems to go strangely unnoticed although it can get busier during lunchtime. The only other caveat with Cafe Senses is the water fountain. Please fix that water fountain! What makes this place so good is twofold: the great cheap lunch (I highly recommend the soup) which is affordable with even greater student reductions; and the staff, all ladies with incredible personalities and great sense of humour. Just remember to say thank you!Apparently the university is going to refurbish Cafe Senses, which I think is a shame as it really doesn't need anything to change. Let's just hope they don't ruin it.
