5	Great things can be found behind the Church's Chicken on Spring Mountain & Decatur.I'm surprised we even found this place. Booming Spot still has the signage of the original restaurant "U&Me." It was a Cantonese joint so at the very least follow the Chinese writing and you'll end up at the right spot. Taiwanese-style hot pots are served up as "mini-pots." There's a rule though: 1 pot per person. 2 people cannot share 1 pot. But why would you want to? The food is so great you're going to want a whole one to yourself anyway!POT: There are 10 different pots ($10-12). Of course, there are lots of options for carnivores but there are vegetarian pots such as the 'Fish Head & Tofu,' 'Assorted Seafood', and 'Tomato & Veggie.' We ordered a House Special Beef and the Tendon & Radish. Each pot comes with a bowl of red rice, vermicelli and a small variety of vegetables. But for a nominal fee, you can add extra "toppings" such as bamboo shoots, tofu, mushrooms, Chinese broccoli etc. **THIS IS IMPORTANT** In China, they don't waste any part of the animal. Unless you specify before ordering, you might find Pork Blood or Pig Intestine in your soup. I love the stuff but if you don't, be sure to mention this beforehand so you don't have a surprise in your pot! BROTH: The broth is unlike any other broth I've tried in Vegas. Chinese soups rarely sit well on my palette. Its either spiced funny, too tangy, or generally displeasing. I'm not sure what they use to create the broth here, but its amazing. Its the perfect balance of Chinese flavors and on a scale of 0-5 heat can be adjusted to your liking. If your soup is looking a little dry later on, they can add extra soup for free.SAUCE BAR: My favorite part of my first Taiwanese Hot Pot Experience is something I call the sauce bar. You're given a small saucer to create-your-own sauce for dipping. The tins were labeled in Chinese, so I used my nose to find out what I liked. I found love in the sesame sauce. The flavor is similar to peanut sauce, but so much better. I mixed that with garlic, chili, scallion and cilantro. It changed my life.DRINKS:I saw a few alcoholic beverages listed on the menu, but I'm not sure if they have their liquor license yet so you'll have to check. I tried ordering the winter melon iced tea, but unfortunately it wasn't available yet either. Unusual as it is to order yogurt as a beverage, my friend suggested the Beijing yogurt. It had a thinner consistency, but way more delicious than your usual Yoplait. It actually helped counteract the burn from the soup.Interestingly enough, the owner of Booming Spot is a young entrepreneur. He is or was a hospitality student at UNLV. And who doesn't like to see good things come out of our university...  I wish all the best for this business. I hope Booming Spot actually does become a 'booming spot.' After such an amazing first experience I'll definitely be back!Most of it is in Chinese, but check out their Facebook page for more information: http://www.facebook.com/pages/%E6%97%BA%E7%82%B9%E8%BF%B7%E4%BD%A0%E9%94%85-Booming-Spot-Mini-Pot/396596940369436
5	GREAT PLACE! Just came here for lunch with my family and friends, and we all loved it. Each person gets their own individual hotpot (Chinese hotpot is a heated pot of soup filled with fresh meats and vegetables). They have a great selection that includes lamb, beef tendon (yum!), beef, chicken, and a large assortment of fresh Chinese vegetables. You can also go to a "sauce bar" to grab extra flavorings, and you can choose the spiciness level of your order. You get a ton of food for about $10 a serving.The owner told us he just opened the place last week, and it's already been doing well via word of mouth. He says they will also be getting their liquor license soon. He clearly takes a lot of pride in the place. Check it out!
5	Great place to chill and have some great Chinese mini-hot pot. Ingredients are fresh and clean. Soup base (especially the chicken one) taste unbelievably good. You can actually find the traditional Beijing style yogurt from, although it is a little pricey at 3.49, it's still a pretty good reminiscence of childhood for anyone who grew up in Beijing.  They also have Chinese style lamb sticks, beef sticks and the dude works there said he is gonna add more varieties soon. All in all, it's a great place for people to chill and have some tasty hotpot and lamb sticks. Just remember if you don't want certain ingredient put into your pot (such as animal intestines), you gotta let them know.
4	Not much to add here especially after reading Yuhi's comprehensive review. I'm not a big fan of Shabu-Shabu type hot pot restaurants since I can't get over the idea of paying for a DIY restaurant. With the exception of a Korean BBQ, I want to be served when I go out and eat. This place fits the bill because everything is all done for me. I ordered a Beef Hot Pot and my wife ordered the Vegetable Hot Pot. Both were very tasty and exceeded our expectations. I would like to see them add Pork to their menu in the future. We were also told they will have a "Summer Menu" with cold dishes.Not quite a 5 (but close) since we have experienced one place that has more variety of tastier sauces. Don't forget to grab one of their business cards and get your reward stamps. Buy 10 pots and the 11th is free.
5	With such high ratings but few reviews, my party and I were slightly hesitant to give this nascent restaurant a shot... but boy were we glad we did.We had a large party of eight and the waitress was very accommodating and patient with our group, especially given how long it took for us to explain to first-time hot potters and how indecisive we all were.Highlights -Beijing Yogurt - my mainland Chinese friends just went gaga over this childhood favorite and were so pleasantly surprised to find the treat stateside! My drink - Fresh coconut juice out of a coconut is ALWAYS delicious.Skewers - pleasantly seasoned, not overpowering and very well cooked and high  quality juicy meat. flavor as expected, five spice, cumin, light dusting of chili powder. POTS - okay, for the price ($10-12) you get WAY more than you pay for!! Something similar in Los Angeles would probably cost 30% more!! NONE of us actually finished our entire pots. This is pretty impressive. There was no skimping of meat in each of our pots. The herbal chicken was very well received. I had the fish and tofu, it was extremely delicious and satisfying.As a native of Sichuan, I am used to my hot pots extremely hot and spicy. The fact that I had a no-spice pot and was so pleased with just the aromas of the soup's ingredients alone really says a lot about how tasty and well composed the flavors of Booming Spot's Mini Pots are.Our group wrapped up the meal trying our best to eat every morsel of our delicious food  but ultimately failing; dragging our feet and hanging our heads weighed down by the heavy contentment of a spectacular food coma.It was a fantastic meal.
5	Best hot pot in Las Vegas!! Very good value. I would recommend it to couples, friends and family gathering. Cozy and warm dining environment. I prefer mini pot to traditional big pots. The guests can have different soup base and it is more hygiene. Lamb pot is my favourite, $9.9 for a big portion of lamb, pig's blood, tofu and veggies, etc. My friends love the cage-free chicken pot, better order it with no spicy soup as the pure chicken soup taste really delicious! You can create you own dipping source to go with your hot pot from the source bar. Every time I will get a little bit of everything and mix them together. I like the house-made bean paste and the sesame source. You should try them and I'm pretty sure you will like them too!Grilled lamb skewer is a must try! Tried lamb skewers in other restaurants, not as good as the one I found here. Booming Spot offers the best in LV for sure. The owner is an undergrad from UNLV. He told me that there are more new dishes coming out later such as cold pot and many cold appetisers for summer season. I'm looking forward to try the new stuff! Will definitely come back again! :)
5	I seriously love me some hot pot and Booming Spot Mini Pot is a welcome addition to the Spring Mountain area, the city of Las Vegas, and a rotation in my dinners out!Driving down Decatur, the Husband spotted the signage for "Booming Spot Mini Pot" and we were immediately intrigued! With only a few reviews on yelp, and all positive (and rightfully so), we made a plan to have dinner there.With a maximum capacity of 30, there are a few booths that can accommodate parties of four, a few small tables for two, and one larger table for the bigger group.  I suggest calling for reservations if they take it because there was a bit of wait while we were dining.We started off with an order of Beef Tongue Skewers ($5).  It came with three skewers and although it didn't taste like the beef tongue we were familiar with, it was surprisingly tasty with a nice sprinkling of spices.  We noticed that almost every table had some form of skewer on their table.Our mini pots of choice were Lamb Soup Pot ($9.99) and the Tendon and Radish Mini Pot ($10.99).  To say these pots were filled with lots of other goodness is an understatement.  Included amongst the two pots were Chinese cabbage, enoki mushrooms, wood ear mushrooms, white mushrooms, tofu, bean curd skin, pickled cabbage, pig's blood, pork intestine, crab stick, and fish balls!  (Of course, if you don't care for the pig's blood and intestines, I'm sure you can request those to be omitted.)  And  you also get a side of purple rice and vermicelli noodles.  This is a very generous portion and we finished it all...then again, we practically had to be rolled out!  There are five degrees of spiciness you can choose for your soup, but the best part of these places are the help yourself sauce bars.  Their version includes homemade garlic oil, homemade sesame sauce, homemade soybean sauce, homemade chili oil, homemade barbecue sauce, black vinegar, soy sauce, green onions, and cilantro.There is a sign that says "One Pot Per Person."  Not sure if it's supposed to actually read "One Person Per Pot" or are you really allowed only one pot per person?  Nonetheless, the party of two next to us shared one pot with a bunch of skewers...so maybe it really IS one pot per person.  Service is good - the owner (?) kept coming around to check on us and the waitress was quick and efficient with getting the food out and clearing everything.  And just in case you still don't know what to order, they'll bring out a tablet with pictures of the food so you know.Ambiance - They have two TVs showing old school period Chinese films and playing Chinese music.And another scoring point...they offer a frequent eater card!  Buy 10 pots, and get 1 free!  Overall, a very filling and pleasing dinner!  We left satisfied and are sure to return!Update! (05.08.12)Suki L. discovered that the complimentary vermicelli noodles was only a promotion, so they will now be charging for it as of May 15th.  Also, they now have white rice and purple rice available, but they may charge you extra for the purple.  (Double check on that.)  Bummer!4.5 stars.
5	its a nice place, and taste good. they also have a good price , only 9.9 for a individual hot pot . yeh..its a mini hot pot but they have a lot food inside of it  , lamb, beef, fish ball and vegetables ...  totally good enough for a person. and they also have the BBQ, its very good
5	Absolutely love this place!!!After eating on the strip for 2 days, food got a little mundane... so my friends and I decided to give this new mini hot pot place a try in Chinatown. Lets just say that everything we got was absolutely delicious. The hot pot portions are HUGE for what you pay for. (average around $10 per pot)1) Chinese yogurt      MUST try if you have no idea what this is and if you do, MUST get it!2) Lamb and beef skewers      very authentic! Taste just like the ones you find in China's night markets.3) Hot pots     So many different flavors... Luckily I went with 7 other people and got to try a lot of different ones. I have to say my favorite one is the cage free chicken broth with chinese herbal medicine. You do not taste the medicine part at all and the broth is soooooo authentic. The individual flavored pots came with A LOT of stuff inside. We thought the cost was just for the broth and we had to order other stuff separately to cook in the pots...boy I was wrong. The flavored pots you order come with a little bit of everything they sell separately so there really isn't a need for you to order more side dishes in addition to what comes with your pots already. Though the tendon soup pot is very delicious, I think they should add some meat inside and less tendons. It was a great experience overall! Everyone should stop by and try it!
5	Yuhi K. was talking about wanting to try this restaurant out at the last sushi UYE and it has been stuck in my head to visit. After reading the reviews of my fellow Yelpers and friends, I had to go. At first, I wondered about how they were going to survive with the upcoming summer heat while serving hot pots. I might be a freak that enjoys eating boiling hot soups in the middle of a Vegas summer, but many more are about to join after one taste.I got the much written about Intestine and Radish Hot Pot. Do not let the name of the restaurant fool you. There is nothing mini about these sterno fueled cauldrons. Although they have a rule about one pot per person, it can feed two easily. Don't like the rules? "NO SOUP FOR YOU!" It is ok, just take the leftovers home. The condiment bar has everything to personally custom your vat of gastronomical delight. Fresh chopped scallions and cilantro was added with a heavy hand. A side of house made sesame paste and BBQ sauce was ready for dipping. For $10.99, I left with two meals and a happy stomach. Do not let the heat outside deter you. In some Asian countries, eating hot foods helps to cool the body down and Booming Spot has the best cure for the heat.
4	Booming Spot Mini Pot sounds weird as a name, but it is a literal translation of the Chinese characters for the restaurant.  In case you were wondering about the name of the restaurant.  Ultimately who really cares if it is called Booming Spot or Booming Pot, as long as the food you order here is as delicious as all the fellow Yelp reviewers say it is going to be.The menu is pretty straight forward, pick the ingredients of the mini hot pot you would like (currently there are 10 options), then add any optional side orders of meat, seafood and vegetables, and finally specify the desired spiciness level.  If you are not sure how much heat you want in your personal cauldron of bubbling goodness, go easy and add chili from the dipping sauce station or other condiments to taste.On my recent visit (Friday on a pretty warm day), the restaurant was packed by the time I walked in at 5:45pm.  (So go early if you don't want to wait)  After checking out the menu, we decided to share a #9 (Assorted Seafood Mini Pot) and #2 (Lamb Soup Pot) amongst the three of us.  Typically you can't share, as stated by the one pot per person signage at the tables, but they allowed us to share and just charged for the bowls of purple rice per person.The assorted seafood mini pot was good.  It is served with various seafood (shrimp, clams, squid, fishballs) and the portion is enough to satiate 2 average diners.The Lamb Soup Pot was the better choice of mini pot that we had ordered at our table.  Interestingly, as we work our way towards the bottom of the hot pot, we noticed pieces of seafood in the Lamb Soup Pot as well.  Not sure if that was intentional, but we enjoyed it regardless.The owner, a young current UNLV student in the Hotel College came by and spoke to us briefly, and gave us some update he plans to implement at the tiny but "booming" restaurant.  Specifically, expanding the menu for the skewers (aka House Special BBQ), and adding a cold shabu shabu that he has invented (that will be interesting to try for sure).  He also recommends getting the Cage-Free Chicken Mini Pot on our next visit, which I thought was a sound advice to follow on my future visit.Had the Beijing Yogurt, which I thought was going to be a beverage, but it was just a service of yogurt that is more runny and silky than the American yogurt.  It was alright, but not worth it for me with the $4 price point, which is just a $dollar less than a grilled beef skewer, which was delicious as an appetizer.If you are a frequent Booming Spot patron, their business card is actually a frequent customer loyalty card, where you get a free mini pot after purchasing 10.Ambiance/Decor:  3.5/5  Still pretty minimalist, but the butterflies on the wall is a nice vivid touch.Service: 4.5/5  We were checked upon frequently, glasses of water frequently refilled without being asked.Price: 4.5/5  Reasonable, good portion.Food:  4.5/5  We enjoyed what we ordered. Parking:  3.5/5  The parking lot is small spaces are limited, but I have yet to park on the street or at an adjacent lot.4 stars!
4	This place is new to town and new to my favorites list!  I love hot pot and prior to this place there was only one in town.  It was in a Casino and there was always a wait, it was over priced, the hot pot was good but this place the hot pot is great! They have a spice level from mild to burn your face off!   I ordered the Kimchi hot pot with beef I went with medium heat because I have never eaten here before I wanted to taste it.  It was OMG good!  The kimchi was not over powering like I was worried about it just added more flavor to the broth oh and the broth.... WOW  I usually eat all the ingredients and leave the broth. The broth here was so good I ate all the broth and still had some ingredients left because I was so full.  The boyfriend got the lamb in Extra Hot (Can't talk now) it had lots of meat and veggies he is going to try Burning (mouth on fire!)  next time!   We also had the Lamb skewers Ssoosososoooo good!  The seasoning brought out the unique flavor of Lamb but added a whole level to it!On to the drinks if you are going to melt your face off then get the Beijing Yogurt it will calm the heat down.  The yogurt is similar to a greek yogurt but not sour like greek it is sweet, really good.  I got the Honey Aloe Tea it was sweet from the honey and refreshing also aloe is good for you and your skin!The one and only downfall of this place was the amount of meat in mine.  Granted I was full one of the things I like is dipping my meat into one of the little sauces on the side I was only able to do that about 5 times.  I wish there was more meat in it not a ton cuz there is plenty of food and I was stuffed but just a bit more! I will be back in fact I want to go back tonight!
4	Delicious hot pot in an unassuming location. We had the chicken/mushroom and pork bone/potato with a side of lamb skewers. The soups were great and the lamb skewers were even better. Will gladly go again soon.
4	WreckX'N Effect's Rump Shaker incorporated into a Yelp review?  Challenge accepted!4 of us decided to check out this hole-in-the-wall that popped up on my yelp page recently (check baby check baby one two three four) and I was definitely intrigued since I love me some Chinese hot pot and can eat it irregardless of the weather outside.  We started out with some freshly blended juices (grape and pineapple) although I've read the beijing yogurt drink is also very good.  Appetizers include beef and lamb skewers, which appear to come in generous servings to be shared.  The menu has about 10 base pots that come loaded with all sorts of goodness in terms of veggies and meats ranging from traditional (beef, shrimp) to the slightly adventurous (lamb, fish head) and the outright adventurous (pig intestines).  There was also a healthy option ("cage-free chicken" in a chinese medicinal herb broth) which seems to be one of their best-sellers and comes in limited orders based on the number of chickens available for that particular day.  There are options for several add-ons for 1-2 bucks more including several veggies and additional meats.  There are also seafood options including scallops, shrimp and stuffed fishballs (made of processed fish paste encasing some tasty fillings which were downright delicious, as opposed to stuffing actual fish balls, which sounds pretty ridiculous and would likely require the work of a microsurgeon)Although the base pot has plenty of goodies included, one may want to request that they not include certain components since pig intestines and cubed pork blood-cake are interspersed in certain hotpots and these are not nice surprises if you're not expecting them.  Spice level can be selected on scale from 1 to 5 and I thought 3 was plenty spicy by asian standards without overpowering the ingredients.  For further flavor outbursts, I appreciated the condiments bar where one can mix their own custom dipping sauce using soy sauce, homemade sesame paste, chinese barbeque sauce (sa-cha), homemade garlic paste, ginger, chili sauce, along with green onions and cilantro.  The hotpots are then brought out as individual cauldrons where one can regulate the flames using burner handles at the bottom, which I thought was a fun yet potentially litigious touch (best to leave it to the waitstaff since mine refused to shut off after a few attempts and some minor flames shooting outward).  Since the broth and dipping sauce can border on the salty side, one can request a side of rice (in their case, it was a cool purple variety) or noodles to be thrown into the hotpot.  Overall, I appreciated the intensity of the flavors and the waitstaff is definitely very friendly and enthusiastic to explain their menu options.  Prices are reasonable and you definitely won't go home hungry, although you may need to hop in the shower after the sweat buildup from the spice and heat. Definitely zoom-a-zoom zoom zoom to this boom-boom spot, and you will be shaking your rump in hot-pot nirvana.
5	Today, I had a craving for hot pot so i decided to look on Yelp since Im visiting from out of town and im not too familiar with the good spots. I noticed this place bc it had great reviews and i could customize my own mini pot. Some reviews are hit or miss but I'm really glad I came here as it was delicious! I ordered a beef tongue appetizer which was tender and had a hint of spiciness. Secondly, I ordered their mushroom and chicken soup that came with all kinds of veggies, herbs, chicken, and a fermented bean paste. This dish was full of flavor! I am giving this place a 5 stars due to its many flavors in the broth that come together so perfectly and to top it off, you can select the spiciness level! I'm big on spicy foods and I know that it can be hard to find a place that serves peppers with a kick! I think this place is a must try for all hot pot lovers! Im sure I'll be back here on my next visit to LV!
3	A small little shop in a nondescript strip mall, we almost missed it as we drove down Decatur. Going in, you'll see some booths lined up against the wall. It was around 5:30 when we went and there was just one other table there.The first thing our server asked was if we had hotpot before. This was my friend's first time. So she went over the menu with us and explained that their hotpots are different from what's out there in town. She pointed out the two popular hotpots on the menu -- Cage-free chicken and the pork bone marrow hotpot. Trusting her recommendation, we ordered those two, along with some beef skewers.I felt that the skewers were a bit on the dry side, but otherwise it had a very nice amount of spices. We were hungry, so we gobbled them up right away. Our hotpots then came out. Although it was one hot pot per person, I felt that the size was at least for two people (two servings). I ordered an additional side of beef and enoki mushrooms to be added to the hotpots. The cage-free chicken hotpot was very flavorful, reminding me of my mama's herbal soups. It had chicken (including yummy bits like chicken feet), cloud ears, tofu, and hong zao (Chinese dried jujube).My friend tackled the pork bone marrow hotpot. It had a good amount of pork, tofu and potatoes. He had it with a medium spiciness, which was just right for him. Because I asked for the beef after we had ordered, they brought it out on a plate and it was already precooked, so after adding to the hotpot it became overcooked. I would have liked just having the raw meat & mushrooms. Other than that, the hotpots were very filling, particularly with the side of purple rice it came with.This place offers real, homestyle cooking. Be sure to pick up a stamp card at the front if you plan on coming here often.
5	I been here a few times already and enjoy the food each time. I love the beef hot pot that they offer and I get it with a 3star spicy level. It's not too hot for me because I love spicy food. For those people that doesn't eat spicy food, probably just go with 1-star and get the spicy sauce on the side and adjust it to your liking. Back to the food. I always get the beef pot and it comes with all your usual ingredients, beef, mushrooms, napa cabbage, tofu, etc. it's very yummy and the soup broth is excellent. I can drink the whole thing and I usually do. I've also try other pots when I bring friends or my wife with me and each one is good also, each with its unique ingredients and taste. Very yummy. They offer around 11- different hot pot combinations so do yourself a favor and come try it. You won't be disappointed.
5	This place has super good food.  It's hot pot, but it's also soup.  So, you don't have to cook your own food, rather you get to enjoy delicious food.The servers are very nice, but don't let them pressure you into odering too much food.  We ordered a chicken and a beef hot pot, and that was enough food for 4.The chicken....lets just say you should definitely order the beef (the beef is way better).  Also, the coconut water was too...real.  I would suggest ordering any of the other drinks because they were sooo good.Also, make sure to get spicy on the side so you can add it.  The broth is very good on its own!
5	This is the booming spot for complex flavors and homemade goodness.  My wife and I ordered the pork bone marrow and lamb hot pots.  With all the optional add-ins offered, I figured the hot pot might be lacking on ingredients.  It was not.  Plentiful amounts of vegetable and meat, along with the side of rice, made the $10-12 pots a meal.  And with the brewed iced tea, condiment bar and friendly family run service, this is definitely a five star experience.They were lacking any appetizer selections, but as they are new this may be something in the works.
5	The food is delicious. Service is cordial and helpful. Price is  reasonable for the portion. Place is in a small strip mall. From outside, you cannot tell if it is restaurant, you could miss it. Use your navigation system, It is worth of a visit. The soup is full of veggie and does not taste MSG. We will always come back. Want to check out the cagefree chicken hot pot!
4	After seeing this on Hot on Yelp I had to make this a must try for dinner. The parking lot is decent sized so I had no issues finding a parking spot. I arrived  around 6:30 on a Monday expecting the hole in the wall to be busy but there was only 2 tables occupied. Maybe BC of the hot weather I suspect?My order the lamb skewers and the seafood hot pot. The seafood hot pot contained many veggies and various types of mushroom, tofu, fish balls, whole shrimp, clams, squid and scallops. The broth was really delish and was not overly spicy. You can help yourself with additional sauces at the sauce bar which is located in the back of the restaurant.  My lamb skewers were really tasty and i even threw some in my hot pot for added flavor.The woman who works here speaks broken English and is really sweet and friendly. She gave me a frequent diner card - for every ten hot pots bought I'll receive one free.
5	Finally!!! A review for this place is way over due!!!The restaurant is small but cozy. The owner made us feel very welcomed. He spent a great amount of time checking on us and explaining everything. Very nice and sincerely. Beef tongue - Delicious, packed of spices, and spicy! I love it! The spices could be a little strong. It was a tad salty for me. Maybe it was better to eat with rice. Watermelon juice - Freshly made! Not sweet. Water - I asked for water and he gave me water with cucumber in it. Refreshing!!!!I got the Potato and Pork Bone soup - It was soooo delicious. Full of flavors. I can tell the soup was cooked over time. no MSG could give the soup that rich and creamy flavor. The pot is huge for one person. As much as I tried, I couldn't finish it.My friends got the Lamb soup and Kimchi soup. Both were good but mine was the best in all our opinion. Fish balls - you have to get the fish ball. The fish was chewy and there is something inside that is equally as delicious as the fish outside. I am from OC so this place leaves me craving for more. We told him to expand to OC so we can enjoy it more often. Till we meet again. Best luck to young owner!
5	Place is pretty small, but the food is awesome. Been here twice and the service is great. I ordered the beef hot pot and the hubby ordered the Kim chi hot pot. We were both very happy. They're supposed to start serving beer there very soon! We will definitely be back!
5	Since there's tons of reviews I'll just make this one short. It's a cozy restaurant. They speak both English and Chinese, so that a huge plus. Prices range from 10-12$ for hotpot. To add extra meats, fish balls, tofu etc will be around 1-3$I had the watermelon juice very fresh :)Goes good with the seafood pot. As hotpot goes there's a spot where you go make your dipping sauce that includes the Chinese BBQ sauce, scallions, soy sauce, black vinegar and I forgot the rest. (I only use those)If you are carb conscious this place is perfect and will leave you feeling full. I will be back with some friends and gonna try that pork bone with potato pot.
3	My task was to chose a place to have dinner on a Friday evening, and I chose Booming Spot Mini Pot after the high ratings on Yelp.The waitress was definitely friendly and she sold us on their HK style milk tea ($2.99/each).  After looking through the the menu, we decided on the following:-beef tongue skewers: methinknot.  I didn't like it.-tendon and radish pot: tendons were not tender.  boo.-pig's feet pot:  not tender either.  eek.-side of pig's intestine:  pretty good in the broth.Each pot does have a good amount of veggies (napa cabbage, mushrooms, etc.).  My bf didn't know that it came with veggies so he added a side of napa cabbages and enoki mushrooms ($.99 extra per).The end of the meal, he gives it 2.5 stars, and I give it 3 stars.  Will we be returning?  Not sure...
5	ok, so I have had my fair share of hot pots in this town and this definitely ranks as one of the BEST... I had the lamb, I would def order extra meat cuz it's kinda light.  I tried the free range chicken, also very good.  Only thing I would do is maybe order the veggies seperate so they don't get too soggy, but good still nonetheless....Tried the beef tongue BBQ skewer, very salty (need to lighten up on the seasoning) otherwise it would be tasty... I like the sauce bar, so you can make to your liking, all they need is the raw egg!  (dat's how they do it in Shanghai) I got the SPICY but could have gone 1 notch up.... I like it HOTT!  Also had the watermelon juice....yummmmmmm, so kewl n refreshing but I would have loved to have a BEER to squash the heat..... Overall, you likey d hot pot?  Then you gotta likey this spot for hot pot cuz it's called booming mini hot pot spot but there's no dots on the walls... okay now I'm rambling..... check it out!manja!!!!
5	Service is great and so friendly. The lamb skewers were to die for so yummy. I had the free range chicken mini pot it was awesome.
5	This by far is the best authentic northern hot pot I ever had in Vegas. The value was great, getting so much food for around $10. Lamb skewers brings back memories when I was in China.Service was very friendly and attentive. My water glass never got to empty even though the poor waitress had to refill it 10 times. :).If you are in Vegas, you have to make this a must try.
5	BOOMING SPOT TOTALLY HIT THAT SPOT!!!!!!!!!  for all you HOT POT lovers this is a must try!! ok i was totally bummed out with the all you can eat hot pot @ dragon house shutting down... So my friend and I decided to give booming spot a whirrl!.. and i must say I was so freaking happy  I tried itI tried the beef hot pot.. You get your own mini pot all veggies are organic veggies and the broth is really good and i must say everything just tasted so good and fresh!My friend she had the CAGE FREE chicken .. Can you beleive that?! what place has CAGE FREE chicken for a hot pot.. BE WARNED it is boney and not enough meat but who cares its still good for you! just make sure you don't choke on the bones!As for drinks i had the citrus tea.. really good and refreshing...For the sides we had the Lamb scewers and it is to DIE FOR! you must try it!!Overall i give this place a 5 star.. gyeah i admitt i was sccccccured going to the location.. me and my freind was like ok time to put our rolexes in our pockets before we get jacked! the location is kinda crappy in the hood spring mountain and jones right next to some shady massage place behind Church's chicken!I hope BOOMING POT BOOMS on the  HENDERSON SIDE OF TOWN! saves me the trip.. but its still worth the drive...So for awesome hot pot.. GO TO BOOMING SPOT MINI POT IT WILL SURE HIT THE SPOT!!  :)
5	This place is great! I had the beef hot pot. The meat was tender with no fat or gristle. Good veggies in the broth. Very tasty.A little different than traditional Hot Pot. Each person gets their own Mini Pot (hence the name) and the ingredients are already cooked and in the broth when the server brings them to the table. A bonus is you can easily eat the left over broth as a soup!You can order about 30 extra ingredients to go into your pot, but the basic pot order was filling by itself.I hope that hot pot Chinese catches on more in the states. Yum!
4	Pretty decent!  I definitely think there are better soup places here in town but this place is pretty good.  I think I was a little turned off because my skewer was cold but the service is astounding!
3	Had been wanting to try Booming Spot ever since I've heard of it as it sounded like an interesting twist on the shabu shabu style I adore.  This past weekend seemed as good a time as any, particularly after verifying via the Talk threads that they were finally serving beer which is a requirement of any establishment I will dine in on a Saturday evening.We were warmly greeted by the waitress who explained to us the menu and showed us some pictures of the options of hot pots on some iPad-ish like tablet device while I ordered a bottle of Tsing Tao.  She talked us into ordering some skewers, in which the 5 skewers for $12 or $15 (I dont remember) seemed like a good value.  We decided to do 3 beef, 1 beef tongue, and 1 lamb.  I decided to go with the Fish Head and Tofu hot pot because I hadn't really seen anyone mention it and I couldn't resist the opportunity to eat another fish eyeball this evening.  Who I believe to be the owner came into the restaurant a short time later and he showed us the sauce station and explained some of the options.   Each of the persons in my party all made what they thought would be their own saucy masterpieces and we sat awaiting our food.   Shortly thereafter, our hot pots all arrived.   I was a little disappointed the skewers didn't come out first as I was hoping to polish them off before the hot and highly flammable pots were all spread throughout the table.   As it was the skewers came out a few minutes later, and I think I almost lit myself on fire a few times trying to reach for some beef tongue.    As for the skewers themselves, I wasn't too impressed.  None of them were piping hot which I expected since they'd not come out prior to the pots, and each of the different types were all smothered in the same overpowering spice.  I did find the spices that covered them all to be quite tasty, but would have preferred to be able to taste more of the meat underneath.  The lamb was my favorite of the 3, and the beef tongue, usually a favorite of mine, underwhelmed.   I ordered my hot pot to be a spicy level of 3 and a half, as when I originally asked for a 4 the waitress' eyes bugged out and she asked "REALLY?"  I know my limits, and usually when I get that sort of response I know I should probably pull it back some.  Once I tried the food out of the hot pot itself, I was glad I didn't go with a 4, as each bite seemed to get spicier and spicier until I was dripping sweat halfway through the meal (the good sweat!), and relief was found with every refreshing swig of Tsing Tao.  I may have been a bit more adventurous than I should have with the fish head pot though, as I didn't find that there was enough meat in the fish head as I'd like and I got a little annoyed having to go through all the bones to find whatever meat was there.   The tofu and other veggies were all scrumptious.  My sauce that I made consisted of the garlic sauce mixed with chili sauce, and I thought it was a delicious combination to dip any/everything into it. One of my dining companions has several food allergies and items she does not like in general and she had a difficult time conveying to the waitress what she did/did not want.   She tried to order a customized beef hot pot and listed the items she DID want, and while for the most part they got it right, there were definitely some extra items she hadn't specified.  Something to keep in mind if you have any life threatening allergies or extreme aversions to certain foods (like I have with celery).   Ultimately it's hard for me to give Booming Spot a grade without comparing it to Shabu Shabu that I've had.   I don't see many advantages to this type of hot pot versus the DIY version I get on a nearly weekly basis at Shabu Shabu Paradise or Swish.  The one nice pro to Booming Spot might be price, as dinner of hot pots for 3 of us with the skewers and 4 beers came out to a little over $60.   In conclusion, it was a momentary indiscretion like Kristen Stewart and the director, but in the end Shabu Shabu still has my heart in all things hot pot.
5	Found this place on yelp when a few friends and I were searching for some good Asian food on a Saturday night. The wait took about 15 minutes, but once we got seated we just ordered four different hot pots. The seafood, and lamb, pork bone and kimchi beef. All of them were great, but and so were the beef skewers. Has to be one of the best hot pots I've eaten anywhere, anytime even in Taiwan. Real authentic, sauces and everything. Come here, you won't be disappointed.
3	Sad to say but I was kinda disappointed.  In Boomin Spot's defense, I have been spoiled from SoCal's amazing hot pot restaurants.The lamb skewers were indeed very delicious.  I think they were 3 skewers for $6.  I ordered the Lamb Hot Pot.  It was ok.  Spice level was good but it had too much junk in it.  I had 3 slices of lamb.  Maybe 4.  Again, there was so much junk...it took some time to find my meat!  They overdid it with the pickled cabbage.  There were 3 or 4 small tofu squares, some mushrooms, intestines and one fishball (fishball was yummy).  I asked them to leave out the pork blood but there were still a few cubes in my pot.  They have a sauce "bar".  Basically a wooden book shelf with metal containers of the essential sauces.  I mix almost everything together....peanut sauce, garlic, sa cha, green onions....and whatever tastes good.  I usually add an egg to my sauce but I didn't see any at the sauce "bar".I would still recommend people to check this place out but just don't have high expectations.
1	We went in and since one of us was rather full so we decided to order only 1 mini pot with 2 bowls of rice and some beef skewers. When its time to pay we realised that we were charged 2 bowls of rice instead of 1 since 1 rice always comes free with a mini pot. What a ripped off!
5	Been back here several times and love it! Everyone orders their own individual hot pot and the average cost is about $10. My favorite is the beef hot pot. They ask you for your spice level, from 1-5. I usually order a level of 4 and the broth has a perfect kick to it. In my opinion, there isn't enough meat in it, so I usually order an extra little side plate of beef for $2.99. It's usually more than enough food and I always have extra to take home. They have a loyalty card where after you get 10 stamps, your next hot pot is free. However, the expiration date on it is rather short, so I won't be able to use it. Service is always great!
4	Finally a Chinese style shabu shabu spot. This place has some unique broths and organic ingredients. Try this place out it won't disappoint.
1	I went there after I saw so many good reviews, but this is not real hot pot, they cook everything in a pot in advance, which is odd, the reason behind is because they think ppl don't put meat in the pot longer enough and might get sick from it, but this is not hot pot is about, you are supposed to dip food in the pot and then eat it, so you can  the food is freshly cooked, and has its own flavor, not dump everything in  a pot , that's a stew!
5	So much has changed since I first discovered Mini Pot. Qi (the owner) has added a lot more variety to the menu. There are a few additional pots and a ton of new sides. There's a selection of grilled skewers--all of which are excellent! The dry spice rub has a cumin base and is incredibly flavorful. Although spice level is objective, I think people of all heat tolerances can handle it. The chicken wings and little sausages are my favorites. But if you're craving something meatier, they've got lamb and beef skewers too.The new jelly noodle dish is mouth-wateringly addictive... and its cold! It's a pretty hefty serving, so I suggest sharing it with another person or simply ordering it alone with some skewers. It's a wet noodle dish with a somewhat soupy sauce. It's refreshing, spicy, and has a hint of that nutty Chinese sesame paste. Fore-warning: The heat from the chili pepper will creep on you!A few new mini pots have hit the menu! Kimchi, I believe, is the most recent. I haven't tried it yet but I'm sure it will be a hit. I might be Korean but my frequent orders will probably remain the lamb pot, the tendon & radish pot w/ a side of tofu skins and rice ovalettes. The menu is still finding its footing. So what does or does not come with the pot varies visit to visit. For now, mini pots are sold on their own where noodles and/or rice are sold separately. Don't forget to pick up your frequent diner stamp card. Buy 10 get 1 free. I've filled up 2 cards already and working on my third.
4	Had the lamb pot, didn't taste like lamb, but with the vegetables and soup it was very delicious.  There is a condiment bar with is a must.  I'll be back, next time I'm in the Land of V.
4	First I would I would like to start by saying a few words about this spot! The location seems like it's in an awkward place, so you have to keep a look out once you get near Church's Chicken on the corner. The interior is good, trust me it's not the best, but the food makes up for the lack in decor. You have a little sauce station and what makes the sauce station so great is the fact that the ingredients remind me of China. They have all the ingredients to make it a great Hot Pot Sauce. I would tell you to just add everything but of course your taste might be different than mine. So add what you would like and go from there. I also would recommend the Chicken ( Farm/Organic ) one because they give you the pieces of the chicken and the stock becomes quite strong and fragrant. This allows you to really get a flavor and your monies worth for what your eating. The juice they give as a drink is blended fresh. So if you are into juicing this would be ideal to keep you on the track. So why the four stars, It's because I am a huge fan of " Shau Kau" which is from Chinese street vendors. They would actually have sticks of food with just some added spice on it and serve it to you after you chose what you wanted. A little disappointed about that and just won't  ever order it again, meaning the skewers. Almost a perfect score some dips for interior  and skewers. Service made up a lot of points, also food.
1	This is another reminder to not trust Yelp reviews when the numbers are just in the dozens.  This place retained the decor of the old HK cafe it replaced.  Imitated the menu of now popular small pot places in LA.  But that's where the similarity stops.  It is clear the recipes are haphazardly put together.  The condiment counter was essentially emptied of the fresh ingredients, and the little that remained were wilted, and this was during lunch.  So we are looking at leftovers from the day before.The meats, which we had the displeasure to sample, were tough, precooked but not seasoned and the worst crime was they were not the customary cuts customers of hot pot, shabu, have come to expect.  Lamb was more like Mutton leg meat, most likely conveniently same as used in the skewers, cut lengthwise along the fiber, and merely dropped into the luke warm soup giving it no taste and impossible to chew.If you are expecting a shabu or small pot experience, do not come here. This is not one of those places owned and operated by people who have pride in their food.  If you are a friend of the owner who has helped contributed to the 4.5 stars, please at least be honest to him that their food needs drastic improvement.  Why have so many selections when you can't even have the basics right?
5	I love, love love this place. I have been there twice and leave stuffed and craving it more! I do suggest ordering extra meat and the noodles.Their homemade chili sauce is so good.
4	Let me preface this review by saying that I am a midnight snacker.  No matter what I have for dinner, I will invariably find myself hungry a few hours later and lookin' to munch.  But this place left me full long after my usual feeding hour, which is saying something.  On to the food...Beef tongue skewers - These came on three generously sized sticks, but unfortunately, they weren't really seasoned great, and the cuts were a bit unwieldy and hard to chew.  Would not recommend.  Fish head/tofu hot pot - YUM.  The owner advised us that they only make a few pots of these per night (limited number of fish heads), so I jumpd on this right away.  And let me just say, they give you a HUGE head.  And what I seriously think is an ENTIRE box of tofu (firm).  I ordered the "dong" tofu as a side too (frozen tofu with the holes in it to really soak up that soup flavor), which ended up being a TON of tofu.  I asked for the super spiciest broth, which was really spicy and really really delicious.  You can order all sorts of things to supplement to your pot, but the pot itself (without add-ons) comes with tons of cabbage, shitake and regular mushrooms, wood ear and onions.  They are generous with the vegetables here, which is a huge plus.  I also ordered a side of clams, which weren't really worth it in hindsight, given that they only give you a few, and they cook them for you beforehand.  They weren't UN fresh, but they also didn't taste SUPER fresh.  The fish head though?  No complaints.  A++Pork hot pot - I'm not clear about all the ingredients in this one, but I can tell you the stew was delicious - really nice pork flavor (I think they pretty much put all the parts of the pig in here), and same vegetables as in the above fish head hot pot.  Now on to the sauces:They have a self-serve bar of sauces/other soup goodies, which include scallions, garlic, cilantro, your usual hot pot satay sauce, a spicy red sauce which I highly recommend, and a salty chive sauce which I would NOT TOUCH.  We tried it just to try it, but they're not kidding when they say salty.  Overall, I'd say that this place is pretty good if you're looking for an alternative to korean tofu bowl.  It is NOT however, "hot pot" in the sense that you're probably thinking - the bowls come pre-cooked, and everything inside is already cooked for you.  The base of the soup though, is really good, especially if you like spicy!
4	Booming Spot Mini Pot was okay,.  There was nothing special nor was there anything horrible.  I went with two other friends.  We ordered the lamb hot pot and the beef hot pot which were each 9.99 and one order of each skewer- beef, beef tongue, and lamb.  The prices ranged from $5 - $6, and came with three skewers There were meat and vegetables in the hot pot and mushrooms.  For the price, there was not enough meat.  The skewers were pretty tasty, though.  I really like lamb and beef tongue.  It was nice and chewy and the flavor was delicious.  The server was really good. He was attentive to our needs, and he explained the menu really well.  He explained popular soup items as the different skewers and other items.  5 stars for the service, but the food was just so so.
4	I don't know if Vegas has any other hotpot place.. but this place is most definitely worth visiting. ESPECIALLY since winter & fall are just right around the corner :b.You can pick different types of mini pots, like lamb and beef. We got the lamb and beef and it was pretty good. We had 2 pots and 3 different types of skewers (beef, lamb, & beef tongue) between the three of us. You might wanna get a pot for yourself to be full. It's a mini pot so it's not SUPER huge. There are all kinds of other stuff to add to it and I will need to come back a few times to play with that.There's also a sauce mixing area/station so you can experiment with that to get the sauce you want for your meats and stuff.I liked the lamb and beef tongue skewers the most. Give them a try :). There's 3 skewers per order. Beef is $5, lamb & beef tongue are both $6 each.They also have stamp cards for each mini pot you order so don't forget to grab one :).
4	It's getting cooler in Vegas, and therefore, it is HOT POT SEASON!I dropped by here with two friends and we ended up sharing two hot pots, and three orders of skewers. Everything was really good. Each of the hot pots were loaded with various vegetables and mushrooms. They could have done with a bit more meat though. I felt that each of the hot pots had too less meat for the amount of soup/veggies inside. Next... What's hot pot without SAUCES!  Normally, I like to eat my hotpot with a sauce consisting of peanut butter, cilantro, green onions, sa cha (barbeque) sauce, and an egg. I was sad that they didn't have any peanut butter (instead, I used some sesame paste they had, it kind of did the job), and i had to pay an extra 50 cents for an egg.  Seeing as there was not much meat to begin with, I opted to not get the egg. :(We had an order of each of the skewers (beef, beef tongue, and lamb). I really loved the beef tongue and the lamb skewers, but the regular beef skewer was just so-so.All in all, this place is great for a nice warm meal at night, and I would definitely come back to try their other hot pots! =]
4	Located on the northeast corner of Spring Mountain and Decatur "behind the Church's chicken. Small, restaurant with a few booth tables lining the restaurant and a decent sized round table. Since cold weather is swinging around, decided to finally get to try this place. (If i recall correctly, this place opened before summer so it was kind of hot). Staff is friendly but their ability to speak english is kind of limited. The owner, Qi, was a student from UNLV. English is pretty good and very friendly. Their style of hot pots are individual sized, pre-made by kitchen pots rather than the big pot in the middle of the table and people get and throw everything in. Each "pot" is priced around 10 - 12 dollars. Fairly reasonable. Pots range from beef, lamb, free-range chicken, etc. Other than the free-range chicken, there is also a spice level you get to choose from.  1 being normal to 5 being very spicy. My friend got a 2, and i tried it. Wasn't that spicy but i eat pretty spicy so dont take my word for the spice level. Aside from the hot pot itself, there is a pretty decent sized list of extras you can add (meats, veggies, etc) as well as some skewers they make. The extra meat is around $3-4 dollars each. Veggies is mostly around $1 each. But the original hot pot comes with quite the amount. Aside from the hot pot, whats hot pot without dipping sauces. They have a station in the back of various homemade sauces like peanut sauce, garlic sauce, bbq sauce, and chili sauce, as well as cut cilanto and onions i believe. What was surprising was their chili sauce was actually pretty spicy but good. This visit, i had gotten their free-range chicken hot pot with no extra add on's. Meat amount wise, maybe a little less than you'd expect but its fresh, free-range chicken available locally. The chicken meat was indeed, good. Chewy and flavorful like you'd expect from a fresh, free-range chicken. The soup base they used was pretty good, using various chinese herbs and ingredients. Other than chicken, the hot pot also had tomatoes, lettuce, various mushrooms, black fungus (cloud ear fungus.. edible.. not a bad thing LOL), soy bean curd, etc. Overall the experience was pretty good. The staff keeps an eye on your water cup, so most of the time, you will have a full cup (+1 from me ! haha). Good place to eat at when the weather gets colder, and you want something to warm up in terms of food besides pho or a hot beverage. Good place to go ! best hot pot place in town so far !
1	I love Chinese style hot pot and always on the look out for one where ever I go. So when I heard of this Booming Spot and good reviews on here, I went to try it right away. Ohh boy, how disappointed I was after eating there.The skewers were tough and dried, and the cumin spice overwhelmed the meat. The soup for the lamp hotpot has basically no flavor at all, instead the taste of MSG overpowered the soup.There were so little lamp meat in the soup, so i had to order additional lamp to make it worth while.The soup for the seafood hotpot was much better than the lamp hotpot, but again it was loaded of MSG. Overall, the food quality was low and little, and they're not cheap at all. My stomach hurts for two days after eating there, so I will definitely not be back.
5	Talk about a local hole inn the wall tucked away secret!Not only does Booming Spot have some great hot pot for amazingly reasonable prices, they add lemon or lime to their water so it tastes better. I know it's stupid to nit pick at the water they serve but it's this kind of attention to detail that wins me over. Dont know how many times i been to an expensive "high end" restaurant to drop some dough just to be served the finest of Las Vegas tap water that's been poorly filtered. Anyway the hot pots are legit. Only gripe i have is it's not the 'here's a bowl of boiling soup and here's some raw stuff, do your magic and we'll be here to clean up after you when we're finished' setup.
5	What a lucky find!Came here with the little brother during our annual trip to Vegas visiting our families. I just had Boiling Point (from 626) earlier this week and was in a total hotpot mood still.Upon coming to Booming Spot, I didn't really have high expectations. It' s a local spot, not too hyped up but had several good reviews.Since it was freezing in Vegas,  Hot pot was the perfect meal.The actual place is small quaint  and maybe have 4 booths and one large table. Immediately we were greeted by the young owner (who is super nice btw).Their menu is simple and straight to the point. There are several different "mini pots" to chose from ranging from the standard beef, to kimchee, to free-range chicken, and radish and tendon.Personally, I went with the Beef Mini Pot and my Lil Bro went with the Radish and Tendon.The good:-The broth was amazing. Let me explain this a tad bit, I'm one of those people that love love being able to taste the natural flavors from my food. Although i do enjoy heavy, flavor enhanced broths that mask the natural taste of the meat, veggies, and other substances sometimes, for the most part, I think food taste best when you can actually TASTE it. With that being said, the broth was perfectly seasoned and definitely not overbearing.-The owner made sure that he went through the menu thoroughly with us before we made our choices. He explained whats in each dish, how he likes to eat it, the fact that NO MSG were used and that everything is fresh and made to order. Just little tidbits that amount to a lot.-The personal hotpots were HUGE! It will definitely get you full even without rice or vermicelli (what boiling point does)-No skimping on ingredients at all: for the beef pot there were think slices of beef, napa cabbage, imitation crab, tofu (firm), mushroom of some kind, tomato, and carrots i think.-You can chose the range and amount of hotness to the tee-They have a dipping sauce station that you can create your own special crazy amazing dipping sauce concoction. If you're unfamiliar, ask the owner for suggestions. -The water they serve already came pre "seasoned" with lemon :)The bad:-I really couldn't pinpoint anything bad about this location.. I guess the only difficulty would be seating if you come in with a large party...but they're really accommodating..so i'm sure they'll make it work. All in all, I must say I was super impressed. But i must warn you that if you're used to super bold flavors in your broth this might not be exactly the place for you. Like i said the broth enhances the natural flavors of each item..not mask it. So keep that in mind.The portions are great and the price definitely more generous than what you would find at Boiling point and Jazz Cat in the 626.Also, the most crucial thing, in my opinion, is the fact that the owner went above and beyond to make sure that our experience was excellent. He checked on us throughout our meal, made suggestions, asked for input, and was overall just very helpful and friendly. I would definitely return and try the other dishes!
5	The food was delicious and the service outstanding. The owner was extremely hospitable, doing everything possible to accommodate our large party and explaining all of the options available in both Chinese and English for our mixed party. Very impressive and cozy restaurant. We basically rolled ourselves out of there. Would definitely come here regularly if we could.
5	A little out of the way, in a small little strip mall located next to a foot massage spot, but a great find.nonetheless.  Mini pot comes with all food precooked, so you miss out on some of the fun of cooking it yourself, but the broth was flavorful and savory with a lot of different flavors to chose from.  Place was clean, and service was excellent with them cheerfully dealing with all the accidents of a two year old boy.
5	Wow! This place is really good... I ordered the seafood hotpot, it comes with purple rice which is healthy, the seafood is fresh and the number 4 spice is just right. I love their sauce bar. They have homemade sesame sauce. I found out about this place from another yelper. It is very romantic to eat hot pot, take a lover to this place, highly recommended.
4	For a Chinese restaurant,  the service was excellent.  The pork bone hot pot is excellent. I like that they had a good variety of stuff to add into the pots.  Really hits the spot when you're looking for Chinese soup.
5	All of the great reviews are legit.  Booming spot has the best service I've ever received in a local Asian restaurant.  The main guy is extremely attentive and friendly.  When you sit down, they have traditional menus and also small Adroid tablets with pics of assorted dishes for your browsing pleasure.  As soon as you order they take you over to the sauce bar, where you can mix a variety of about 7 different sauces, fresh cilantro, green onions, soy sauce, and vinegar to have your own personalized creation.  Honestly, you really can't go wrong, no matter how you decide to mix your sauce because every option is delicious.  They offer a spicy rating from 0 - 5 for your mini pot.  I chose a 2, and probably will opt for a 3 next time.  The 2 was a fairly mild spice level.  Prices are approx $10-12 per mini pot.  The mini pots arrived blazing fast, about 5-10 minutes.  The first 3 people to order got theirs first (about 5 minutes after ordering), and about 5 minutes later the last 2 in the party were served.  2 members of our group had a little too much spice for their tastes, so the main guy came out and added a some more broth to their pots to neutralize the heat a bit.  Each mini pot comes pre-cooked with a live flame under each pot, which you may adjust to maintain your preferred temperature.Many other yelpers noted that it is quite small in there; it's small, but not as small as I was expecting.  There is one large table immediately to the right when you enter that will seat 8 people.  We came with a group of 5, so they gave us the large table.  Otherwise, I think there are approx 10 other tables (all booths) that will seat groups of 4.  The food quality is delicious.  I had the #11 pork marrow & potato bowl mini pot ($12).  And I added on fresh mushrooms and noodles.  We split the lamb skewers, which came with 3 skewers and came seasoned with really nice spice.  If you plan to go, be warned that despite fast service, it does take a while to eat your hot pot.  I felt as though I had been eating for a long time when I finished.  I enjoyed every bit of it.  Oh, and the purple rice is so yummy with a little bit of my custom dipping sauce mixed in.  If it's a chilly evening, I highly recommend their housemade lemon, honey tea, which is so good - also offered chilled.The location is a little tricky and easily missed.  It is at Spring Mtn/Decatur intersection in a tiny strip shopping plaza behind Church's Chicken on Decatur.  It's next door to a foot massage place that has a little sign out on the curb.
5	OMG.  This place is too good.  When my steaming saucer of pig feet came to me I was in heaven.  And then I added in the lamb slices.  Mmmm.  The only thing that made my meat sauna even better was the addition of their house-made sauces.  Just ask the guy in charge.  He'll tell you everything you want and more about the food.  Complete with a picture slide show on a tablet of some of their wonderful hot pots.  And the water is so refreshing.  God I hate San Diego water.  *Reservations are a must.  If you end up waiting, you can always get a "massage" next door.
4	Mini-pot like a shabu shabu thing. Big old soup, tons of stuff to put in there, some of which was exotic meat things like my friend wants. I'm checking the veggie offerings, and can put taro in my soup! He finds some free-range chicken (honest food in LV!) and supplements with fish balls? Something weird that he loved. The best part was their home made sauces that you choose and plunk into your soup.Nay, the best part was how friendly the family was that worked there. They were the nicest people in the world, and were super happy we found their hole in the Asian, Ranch - 99 led mall.Back to the soup. I put in a home made sesame paste, a ton of home made garlic in oil (that's how I roll: "HHHHHow's the HHHHHot-tub, HHHHuh? HHHHHHeather?")I also use too much punct'ation, and make up contractions. Y'think? Heather?They also had multiple home made chili sauces. I perked mine up, ate some taro, some great veggies, and this meal worked. Really probably 3.5 stars, but the service was beyond exceptional.
5	Lots of goodies in one little pot. I got the beef mini hot pot and items inside besides the thinly sliced beef included veggies, tofu, pork blood cubes (super yummy as i took everyone else's at my table), different types of mushrooms, and bean curd. The sauce station is a lot of fun and I really enjoyed the home made sesame paste sauce. They also make their own chili sauce too. The beef tongue skewers were tasty, but the seasoning on top gave them a curry taste, would have been better just plain with a little salt and pepper. Sometimes items are good enough to stand on their own.
5	A hidden gem! We loved the beef and lamb broths. Both had so much flavor. Definitely coming back!
4	What a cute restaurant.  Came here based on yelp reviews and a craving (it was cold in LV!) last wednesday night.  While the food didn't blow my mind or anything, I had a really nice time there slowly consuming my hot pot.  The service was great and the young owner was so friendly.  He chatted us up about what we were doing in Vegas and everything.  As they say, it's the service that keeps you going back to a place.  Next time I'll know not to get a level 5 spicy pot, it was ridiculous and I have a very high tolerance for spicy food.Oh yeah, the jelly noodle salad recommended by the owner is delicious!
5	It took coming to this place to finally write a review for yelp. I've yet to really find a place that really amazed me enough to write a review until I came here. Talk about your hole in the wall establishment, this place is in some random corner that you'd never pay attention to. It's really small, but the setting is really nice. I liked the small setting, it made the meal much more intimate. The server was really informative. First thing he did was show us pictures on a tablet. He explained how the broth was made and made it a point to say there was no MSG at all. Once we were finished ordering, he showed us how to make our own sauces to dip our food in. I've had plenty of hot pots, but this hot pot here has the BEST broth I have ever tasted. I ordered the lamb pot and the broth was so flavorful and fresh. You can order plenty of sides so you can add additional things to your pot. I ordered a side of noodles and it was perfect. The broth made the noodles taste perfect. The only small complaint I would have is that my pot didn't have so much meat, but the broth was so amazing, that I really only focused on the soup anyways. You could order a side of additional meat as well so my tiny complaint can be solved. If you ever want to have the best broth of your life, come here, trust me. It ended my yelp review virginity. It was that amazing.
3	Ate here a few months ago with my friend Fang, and it was pretty good. It was fairly quiet, and the variety was decent. The skewers were a little tough and dry for my liking, but then again, I have very particular tastes. The portion was quite large and I couldn't finish it (and I'm a big eater!), and they have signs about not being able to share a hot-pot with someone else, which is the reason for it being a 3 star instead of a 4 star place. I might still go back, though, and try it again.
5	Best I Ever Had! :)
5	this place is so good.i wish they had one of this in 626, i would def come back.#1 and #2 is good!theres a cold dish that looks like noodle jelly, that is delicous.
5	Just got home from the hole in the wall joint about two hours ago and what's the first thing I do? Turn on my macbook pro and login to yelp lol.BE PREPARED FOR AN ESSAY ON MY ADVENTURE AT BOOMING SPOT!My gf were first timers here, thanks to all those who previously reviewed this place with detailed info, I read through most of them and ordered what you guys suggested. Food:(there is a note at the sidewall of each table that states each person must get their own mini hotpot, I'm sure they wouldn't mind if you ordered one to share and ordered side items as well, but what the hell is a mini hot pot? this was more like two servings, which is good, cause I can EAT! mwauahahhaha)I got the #10 which was cage-free chicken, pretty much chicken with bones and all.It came with cabbage, mushrooms, some sort of fungi, tofu, tomatoes, and onions. Really good stuff if you have the energy to pick apart the meat. Think of your mom's broiled chicken, yenno, the type with the rubbery skin and very chewy chicken meat, it's ok, but not worth getting in my opinion for I only ate the veggies most of the time, the chicken wasn't as appetitizing as I thought it would be.My GF got the #1, which contained beef slices, fish balls?, tomatoes, mushrooms, cabbage. Hers looked good, then again  i think its the same broth, not sure, don't take my word for it.We also had the most hyped up items at Booming, the jelly noodle salad and lamb skewers, and boy were they BOMB.COM! The jelly noodle salad kind of reminded me of papaya salad that my mom makes, I'm talking about the authentic Laotian/Thai style, you Laotians out there know what I'm talking about, "Thum Mak Hoong." It had some kind of clear wide noodles and cucumber slices with a mild sauce on it....HELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLAAA good, trust me, just get it, you'll thank me later. The lamb skewers were great as well, a little spicy seasoning on it and wham bam thank you mam, my mouth was having an orgy. It was juicy and tender. (please do not flag my review for this statement)Our bill came out to $40, two hotpots, lambskewers, jelly salad, side of purple rice, extra enoki mushroomsCustomer Service:1 Billion/10I wasn't expecting this place to be a mom & pop...& daughter type of joint. My gf and I walked in an hour before closing time and they all were super nice and courteous to us.  The young lady asked us if it was our first time there and we said yes so she pulled out an ipad with images of the items on the menu for us to check out, pretty cool. The older lady, I'm sure she would be the mother was very caring as well, reminded me of my own mom, she would always check up on us and ask if we needed water or anything, overall this place was delightful to be in, small but the booths were comfortable, P.S there is a hidden condiment station in the back where you're supposed to get your chili oil dipping sauce and stuff....we didn't know but the young waitress was kind enough to make the dipping sauces for us, and because of that, my GF & I left her a big tip, we both came from restaurant backgrounds so we know what awesome hospitality is and the folks at Booming made us feel like family, MOSDEF going back!!! Have I won you over? GOOD, what are you waiting for? GET DRESSED AND GO!
4	This place gets a 4 star rating compared to its peers in the Vegas vicinity. If they had this place in CA, I would only give it a two because there are far more superior hot pot restaurants here.The place is small (behind Church's chicken on the intersection of Spring Mountain and Decatur) and it's hot inside with only fans to keep the circulation going. They probably operate like this to give it some authenticity by mimicking the hot and humid weather in Taiwan. Ordered the Lamb mini pot and got the medium spicy (which is SUPER mild so if you want to get a medium spicy order level hot). There isn't plenty of meat but the soup is delicious. Also ordered the skewers which was tasty. I don't live in Vegas anymore, but if I did, I would be a regular here.
2	I've been craving hot pot but no place was coming to mind. After reading the reviews here, I decided to take a trip down to this little hole in the wall. Sadly, I was a little disappointed. Perhaps it's because I've been spoiled by So Cal hot pot and authentic lamb skewers when I visited China that nothing was memorable or impressive about this place. I'll give credit for the nice service and the lemon in my water. The mini pot looked like imitation boiling point but the flavor is not as good. The lamb skewers were overcooked and chewy. Maybe I'll give it another chance one day but for the time being, I'll get my hot pot fix from LA instead of here until I find a great one.
2	**Summary**       - Decor - The place is definitely a hole in the wall place. It makes you feel like you're in an authentic diner in China.       - Portioning - The mini pots seemed to half a lot of filler and not too much meat for the price.**Ordered**       - Jelly Salad - The jelly salad was good. It's a little spicy and reminded me of the jelly fish appetizers at Chinese restaurants except with more cucumbers and in a nutty soup.       - $11.99 Tendon & Radish Mini Pot - There wasn't too much tendon, but the amount that was inside was good.       - $11.99 Pork Bone & Potato Mini Pot - The meat was nice. It reminded me of the beef meat from Yoshinoya beef bowls but the amount left me unsatisfied for sure.       - $6.00 Grilled Beef Tongue - 3 Skewers with 3 pieces of tongue each. It was a little dry and not flavored well.       - $2.99 Fish Balls - The fish balls had some brown meat thing inside them. Though it was different and interesting, I really just wanted plain old fish balls.**Recommendations**       - I wouldn't really recommend this place. Though the flavor wasn't bad, that and the amount of meat did not justify the price.
3	After trying a Taiwanese hot pot place in So Cal, I decided to search for a hot pot place here in Vegas and I was surprised there was one. I did not know that there was a hot pot place in Vegas, so I decided to try Booming Spot Mini Pot. The server at this restaurant was really friendly and was happy to promote her dishes to our table. I really like the soup of the hot pot because it had the right flavor and spice to it. However, the lamb skewers weren't the best here and I expected better. Overall, the experience here was nice and the food was good.
3	I expected a lot more from this place. I came here with a friend and we both ordered a hotpot. She ordered a beef hotpot and i ordered a lamb hotpot. We included one side of beef skewers. The waiter was nice and very energetic and advice on the hotpot and sauces. We were informed the soups are all preboiled for 5 hours before serving. The spiciness scale ranges from 0-5 and a 2 is already very spicy. I ordered a 1 in spiciness level, and my friend a 2. Our skewer had more fat than meat and dusted on the outside was a dry spice (which could have been grilled on instead to taste better) and the soup was fairly good although inwould have prefered beef over lamb. The portion sizes were pretty large, and can easily feed one person without leftovers. This would not be my first choice restaurant, however it is decent and is the only official hotpot only place in Vegas right now and to satisfy my cravings, i will come again.
1	No where near 5 stars. So lame. NoodleS Exchange is way~ better!
4	Waiting to come here for months. It is a Wednesday night at 720  and we are the only ones. Location:  easy to find on Decatur at Spring Mountain Rs. Small amount of parking. Ambiance:  a hole in the wall place with four booths , three tables for two each and one large table for eight. Total seating is 30. Small, basic and okay. Food - they have about 11 basic hot pots from beef, lamb, seafood, tomato and veggie, Korean Kim Chee, chicken, fish head, pork bone marrow, and a few others I did not jot down.  We ordered chicken, beef, fish head and seafood. Spiciness- you can order for no spicy to very spicy!  The kids went with Zero spice and I did medium.  They have a dipping bar, canisters if spice and condiments to add to your soup. Flavors- the flavor of the hotpot we all enjoyed. Nice broth, not too strong and with all the bits already in it like cabbage, enoki mushroom,  mushrooms and bean curd and tofu. Add in- you can order any items you like in a hot pot like Chinese cabbage, tofu, etc..... Prices for these add in are very inexpensive. I would caution you from adding too much as the hot pots do come with a lot automatically.  Extra bits   If you want grilled  beef skewers  or lamb skewers they have this.  Or if you want grilled gizzards!  Yummy!  The best is chicken bones!  Yep for 6.00 you can get the bone parts of the chicken with 90% of the meat stripped off.  As a lover of bone meat I really enjoy the delicate morsels of meat left on a gone so this is something I am ordering the next time.  It's is truly unique!  The owners are very nice and our kids liked this very much.  If they like it, it has to be good!  I say 4 star.  Oh and PS. as this is a Chinese restaurant, I did check the toilets to make sure they were the typical " not the cleanest in the world" and yep you can tell this is one authentic Chinese restaurant. The bathrooms were not award winning!GK says this place is great, check it out and I will be back.  I will be the big guy gnawing on bones with no meat on them!
1	If you have never been here...BEWARE. Saw all these great reviews and decided to give it a try. Came here at around 5:30 p.m. to an empty house...it was still empty when I left after 6 p.m.A little early for dinner but this being near Chinatown did not make sense.  Ordered the Beef pot and it came with like 5 thin slices of beef cooked already in the pot...oh well, they had side dishes so ordered a side of squid and fish balls.  The squid rings looked really sad, like it had been frozen for years and finally defrosted, all dried and swiveled up...asked the waitress what's up with that and can I exchange it for something else...can't believe she said NO and insisted that it was fresh...said that it came in a bag from supermarket and they defrosted it and since they boiled it before putting on a plate for me, they can't take it back. I asked her to look at it since it did not look fresh but she kept insisting it was fresh. I did not want to argue any further and it was just 2.99 for the sides so I just let it go. I felt sorry for the empty restaurant  and ordered another side of noodles since I wasn't going to eat the squid. $9.99 for the beef pot and 3 sides, a total of around $20.00 (not a lot of money) with only 5 thin slices of cooked beef and 6 fish balls and a sad plate of overcooked noodles, just felt cheated. I was not going to write a review but leaving the restaurant, feeling hungry and used, I just feel that I have to warn those who might think about trying this hole in the wall...It's even more sad when you are eating somewhere by yourself and run into bad food and bad customer service.Noodle Exchange is 100 times better and being a hotel, I think it's a lot safer.
5	Lamb hot pot hits the spot! Don't forget the garnishes on the back wall by the kitchen.
3	I had the beef soup pot with spicy level 3. The soup was seasoned well and tasty.  They have a small burner underneath to make sure the soup stays warm and they have a little sauce bar to make your own dipping sauces for the meat. For the price i was expecting a bit more slices of brisket in my soup.The lady that was working there was very helpful and it is a good place for a first timer to try hotpot.  It seemed that she guided every customer step by step and showed us pictures of what some of the hotpots looked like.Overall the food was good, just wish there was more meat in. Would probably stop in again during the winter times
4	One of my fav mini hot pot place in Las Vegas chinatown. always stop by whenever have a chance. Tried most off the soups and they are good and comes with a healthy bowl of brown rice. Dinner time need to come early otherwise when full gotta wait outside.
4	Even though this place doesnt compare to the chinese hotpot places in cali, it cured my hotpot cravings! Definitely one of the better ones in vegas!Each hotpot is fit to serve one person with spiciness ranging from 0 (mild) to 5 (hot). There is a "sauce bar" in the back where you can pick and choose your own dipping sauces: garlic oil, chive oil, chinese bbq, garlic oil, and also has cilantro, & green onions. I ordered the chicken hotpot and for whatever reason, you can't pick the level of spiciness for the chicken hotpot but you can ask for the spicy sauce on the side and mix it in yourself. The soup itself is really soothing and tastes very healthy. You can see the goji berries and jujube floating in the soup. It also had chunks of chicken, mushrooms, cabbage, and other vegetables. It was plenty for me but you can also order more on the side if its not enough.Definitely will be coming back as the weather gets colder!
4	Booming Spot Mini Pot specializes in Chinese hot pot - a flame-lit pot of broth that you throw veggies and meat into, then fish them out with your chop sticks. It is a great and simple healthy meal. You can also add some spice and flavor by whipping up some dipping sauces. BSMP is a small hole-in-the-wall joint. The place is clean and the service is friendly. All they need to do is get that beer and wine license back in order!
1	You have to be  friend of the staff to get a table doesn't matter how long you have been waiting.  SVC is non existent
4	After moving here from San Diego, home to the infamous Little Sheep Mongolian hot pot, I went searching for a similar location in Las Vegas and found this little family-owned restaurant. Although it isn't like traditional hot pot, where you are given a boiling bowl of broth and raw meat to cook it in, Booming already cooks everything for you and brings out your order on a mini broiler. I ordered the cage-free chicken soup and lamb skewers. Their broth had just the right blend of spices to make a deliciously savory soup ..I can already envision coming here when I need a quick hangover fix and plain old pho just doesn't cut it for me anymore! The lamb skewers were coated in a layer of spices which made it a bit messy to eat bit they were delicious! I could taste the heat from the cumin and combined with the spices from the chicken broth, it felt like an explosion of flavor in my mouth!The only downfall to Booming is that we didn't get to cook our own meat - it took away the entire experience of hot pot! However, I will definitely come back here again for the broth!
4	(should be 3.5 star) This is a decent place to visit during winter... That's the short version of my review. Here come the longer version..- We love Boiling Point in Irvine, and ever since we moved to Vegas, we haven't found a good Hotpot place yet.- My wife found this place on yelp. Personally, for place around the area, I tended to go to at least 4 star with over 150 reviews. But i read all review for Booming and I thought: "alright, least than 100, a few horrible review, but still 4 star. so.. we went.- My wife and I arrive around 7pm on Wednesday. First impression is this place is an empty house. If you eat at a lot of Asian place, it's the same feeling as you just walked into the place at 9:30pm, when they almost close and do not want to serve you. :)- We looked at each other and starting to think that we're doomed for the day. But, we walked in and sat down. The lady present us the menu, and show us the picture of the hotpot from her Tablet. It's not a bad idea at all. She also recommended #5 (fish head), #10 (chicken) and #11 (i cannot remember the option). Apparently, they are the 3 most expensive dishes. LOL.. so I thought: "i don't like this at all". My wife went ahead and order the Kimchi Hotpot. I chose chicken (#10), just because I was curious on why the chicken is more expensive then seafood. - After a pretty short wait, the food arrived. They look exactly the same, except there are Kimchi on top of my wife's hotpot and there are Chinese herb on mine. I was not impressed at all. I thought probably they have one single pot of broth in the back and our hotpot should taste exactly the same. haha..- Here come the good part: the soup is pretty tasty. My wife tasted like Kimmi. It's not delicious, but not horrible at all. Mine was awesome. The Chinese herb made it worth  the price. The Chicken piece was good too, and I got a chicken feet. I love chicken feet. The hotpot was constantly heated so it was good.- so to summarize, in our humble opinion, the soup here is neck to neck to Boiling Point. Booming doesn't have a lot of option, but at least their soup is tasty.- The atmosphere and location is horrible. If they can build up a better atmosphere, i'm sure this place will be packed during Winter.- I give Boiling Point 5 star, so I give this place a good decent 3.5 star.
1	Rudest people!!!!! I called to place an order so i can pick it up. The lady on the phone started screaming at me saying that it is a chinesse restaurant and they don't deliver. She hangs up before i can even say i wan't it to pick up not for delivery
2	When I visit Vegas, I usually eat at China town instead of fancy restaurants on the strip. Saw this place a few month ago, and I decided to give it a try since it was so cold. There was only one lady serving tables. She was friendly but really really loud. I didn't like to hear her shouting while I was eating. I ordered the beef tendon and daikon pot. The soup just tasted like standard beef noodle soup, nothing special. There were not much ingredients in the pot, only tendons, daikon, cabbage, tofu and mushroom. For the price $12.99 , I expected more kinds of ingredients like fish cakes. I also tried some of my friends hot pots, fish head pot and chicken herb pot. For chicken pot I was expecting clear chicken broth, but it was not. I guess all of their soups are on the stronger heavier side, which I don't mind if im in the mood. But its just not special at all! Also, they only let you add soup once. They will charge you from the second time. And the lady only added about a tea cup amount of soup when I asked. Wouldn't recommend to people who like to eat a lot of soup. Wont be coming back.
5	You must go there, it's homemade hotpot which is very difficult to find. They don't use msg and make everything on their own. My favorite is the pork bone and potato hotspot (made with bone marrow base soup) and cage free chicken soup (made with Chinese herb base). the bamboo, fish balls, and their fresh noodles you must order! It's also the perfect hang over food, cause it's actually healthy! I will be coming here everytime I visit Vegas from now on!
1	I have never written a review on yelp EVER before...but this dining experience warranted one.  Also I have come to expect subpar service from Asian restaurants in general (in fact no service at all) but I have never experienced such a horrible experience than this "Bumming Spit Hot Shit".  Initially, the food was decent and actually quite flavorful, besides the fact I ordered the lamb hot pot with a 5 spice level, it tasted like Kimchi.  I believe they reuse the leftover soups and sauces.  My significant other and I were seated quickly enough, most likely because the restaurant was COMPLETELY empty on a cold winter evening. I can now see why...all was well until the end. Upon asking for a little to go container for the leftover dipping condiment, the lady/owner said they do not give containers for the sauces. Cilantro, spring onion, chili oil, etc costs next to nothing, yet alone the 0.02 cent container for the sauce. After the Kimchi flavor in my soup, I came to the realization they quite possibly DO reuse their soups and condiments.  I was so upset to waste the leftover sauce that I poured it into the teapot and filled it with my chopstick wrapper and napkin, so they will not be able to subject other patrons to endure their leftover reuse of product.  I sincerely hope this place doesn't last, next time I will go all the way to Henderson to have AYCE Chinese hotpot on Silverado and Maryland.  This place sucks! They need a lesson on sanitation, service, and business.  They just lost a major patron with huge retention potential...God help this establishment!  It is GROSS just thinking about the very REAL possibility they reuse product.
4	What you say? A hot pot all for myself? Yeah!I had the lamb hot pot and my partner had the beef hot pot ($9.99 each). The lamb broth had a vinegary tang to it, which I liked and the beef broth had a good hearty flavor. Both came with tofu, crab sticks, tofu skin, mushrooms, a fish ball (with pork inside), bok choy, carrots, tomatoes (ideal for a good broth flavor), and their respective meats (thinly sliced). We ordered add-ins of fish balls ($1.50) and noodles ($1.50), which we split between us, and spicy level 4.The broths were very flavorful and you could adjust the flame below if you wanted it more or less bubbling hot.It was our first time there, so the owner was very helpful in explaining how it worked, which we both appreciated. She also showed us how to do the sauces, even offering to make one "special" for us. I mixed green onion, cilantro, and garlic oil; my partner was quite fond of the garlic oil and Chinese BBQ sauces together.Tip: the ingredients can be quite hot, so take out the goodies and put them on a plate to cool off a little before wolfing them down.While I wish we hadn't waited so long to finally stop in,  now that we have, we will definitely be back. Next time, we're going to try some of the skewers they offer, too.
5	Wow. I'm so impressed. Service was great. Informative and patient. As you all know that is HUGE for an Asian restaurant. We had 5 different pots and all were really good. The pig feet pot was so tasty and the pigs feet were stewed perfectly. All three grilled skewers were also yummy. Last but not least- I have eaten fish balls my whole life- but none like these! Soft, fluffy, full of flavor. Must try.
2	For the hot pot fans who had sampled many similar type establishments in So/No California, I think you will be up for a huge disappointment. However, according to many of the locals, there are not many hot pot options exist in Las Vegas.
5	Omg I thought I could handle spicy. Dayum even #3 level kicked my @$$. I swear that I usually handle hear very well but definitely get 2 if you're not sure. It's not spicy at all but at least you can breathe!I believe we had the owner of the place serving us, we went around 7PM at night and we were the only ones there at first, so service was amazing, the owner was really nice and down to earth, probably better if you speak Chinese to be honest though but nonetheless, speaks well enough to get by for English. I got the tendon radish hotpot and extra stuff in it and the #3 level, it was soooo spicy! The owner was so nice and gave me more regular broth to try to tone it down.  Luckily my boyfriend had #2 and he LOVED the broth *and he's white!* so i just used his a lot haha.  I can't wait to come back! :)
3	Came here for the hotpot because my friend got a free pass for it. It was $15 per broth, $5 for extra broth. In my opinion, this place is not worth it. Portion was skimpy, I could just go to Swish Swabu Swabu for an all-you-can-eat hotpot for about the same price. Service was meh - I wasn't really expecting anything. Nevertheless, we had one hotpot that was spicy, and the other not spicy. The hotpot soup was good, spice level was decent. We ordered one lamb and one seafood. We loved the lamb broth, and ended up getting extra broth, but for $5 more, we only got 4 more pieces with no sides. Seafood was alright. Service: 3Price: 2Food: 4
3	We came here for dinner on Sunday because of its four-star Yelp review, but this place is a disappointment. We got two beef broth and one lamb broth. The beef broth was tasteless, and the waitress messed up our orders. We ordered extra beef ($2.99), and when the beef came we were all speechless. There were only a couple of slices and they are half cooked. Normally in hotpot places you get your meat raw so you cook in your own pot. I have no idea why our beef was half cooked. The service was ok. The owner was watching tv the whole time. I won't come back to this place again.
4	Who would have thought to have hot pot in the middle of a hot summer evening.  We have relatives visiting from Canada and decided to try this place out.  There was only one other couple in the restaurant when we arrived for supper at 7 pm.  They serve individual servings of different meat base hot pots such as lamb, beef and seafood.  I had the chicken with mushroom and a side order of beef.  You can request the level of spiciness of the soup base.  You go to their sauce counter and mix your own dipping sauce and you are set.  The hot pot comes out to you all cooked with a variety of vegetables, bean curd and tofu.  The food wasn't bad but I think I would have enjoyed it a lot more in the winter time.  Oh I forgot to mention that we also had their homemade boiled dumplings. You get 12 pieces for only $5.  It was a good deal,  very fresh and tasty!!  Two thumbs up for their dumplings.
3	Changed owner, warning:: it is not the same: they've invested some money and re modeled, they also added free wifi, but the seats are taped up? Hmmm...
4	Me and my friend recently came here to eat. I didn't have an appetite for hotpot so I tried their beef noodle stew and pot stickers. I would give both of them 9 out of 10 in terms of flavor. Me and my friend also shared a minced meat pork rice bowl. It was small but very good too.
5	Love this spot. The food is authentic and really good. You can make the dipping sauce yourself, so you can change it up if you like. Plus, they have fresh squeezed juices as well. I usually stop by here once every other Vegas trip, it's definitely one of my go to spots out there. There are so many restaurants to choose from in Chinatown but there is no other place like this one!
2	Booming Spot Mini Pot Do not go to Booming Spot Mini Pot.It is not worth a shot.Though they're nice, And have no mice, They had not the food I sought. I ordered the beef mini pot, Which stayed scalding hot. I burned my tongue, And coughed a lung, Until the flame was fought. In my friend's mini pot, She found a hair left to rot. The hair was not from her head."Whoops" the waiter said. I kid you not. I will not return to Booming Spot Mini Pot. I would not eat a lot. Mediocre grub not worth the price,Better luck, roll your dice.I hope you have been taught. HAH! :D
5	I don't know what is wrong with that Bonnie L who wrote a rhyming review just to be funny but it was stupid.This place is a hidden gem it is real fresh and I imagine this is like getting a home cooked meal in China.  The lamb skewers were Soooooo good.  Dry wontons were amazing and the dumplings were great!! You cannot beat the bang for the buck here and everyone is super nice !!! Highly recommend you try this place out!
5	Came we my family, ordered the salmon head hot pot, Lamb with lettuce hot pot, beef noodle soup, and taiwanese mince meat rice. All was delicious, the noodle in the beef noodle soup seems to be hand made which is rare to find. I especially loved the TAIWANESE MINCED MEAT RICE! Definitely the best I've had in Vegas so far, it was so goodI even ordered a second one to go. Would definitely come back just for that alone!
2	New owners for the worse.Since being back with the new owners I realized what I loved so much about the old place. The old owners were amazing! They had great customer service. They checked up on my party multiple times during the visit. One time a friend of mine ordered a pot way too hot for him. The owner kept peeking in and checking till he finally admitted his mouth was on fire. They happily remade his pot for him. These new owners never checked on me once. They never came by to refill my water. They never asked how the dish was. I am pretty sure they screwed up the order because my dish had zero spice. My server walked by me more than a dozen times without acknowledging my existance. The pots are much smaller than before. pretty standard for hot pots in Las Vegas. The customer service disappeared completely. There are much better options.Most of these reviews are for the OLD place with the FORMER owners. I wouldn't pay any attention unless it's been written in the last 2 months.
2	The service is too slow and the hotpot is regular. Maybe other dish will be better. A little disappointed.
5	I love this place!! My wife and I come to this place often. Always order the beef mini pot with extra meat. The pork dumplings are freshly made and taste so good. I highly recommend this restaurant!! The prices are great too!!
4	Soup taste good! I remember coming here when my friend was sick, and just knowing the soup hit the spot!
5	This place offers a really unique type of flavor for hot pot. My favorite is still seafood and be sure to utilize the sauce they have available at the back. And the customer service is always excellent.
