3	A great spot for ultra-casual, general dining. It's simply a bar/dining room in Vegas... and that's not a bad thing. It's very much the neighborhood spot; you see a lot of the same faces and that's quite pleasant.The staff is friendly and usually very fast. They pay attention, they get to know you and what you like, and they let me change the channel when I want to watch sports. :)The bar is large and has different seating areas apart from the bar itself: you can sit in the booths along the wall or in two different table areas and still have access to everything. They also offer some pool tables along the back wall. Great for sports and events, though it can be quite loud and hard to have a conversation. The food is good. Not amazing, but solidly good. From breakfast to salads to the "typical" bar/appetizer menu to a tasty picatta, they serve you a decent meal with a smile. The chicken wings are a step above good and definitely a must-have late night or while watching the game with friends.An inexpensive but ultimately drinkable wine list and crisp salads make this an easy choice for lunch with friends or coworkers. The full menu is available in the bar, and the full bar is available in the dining room. That's always a good thing.There's also a meeting room/private dining room if you need it. I have studied in there to avoid the noise in the dining room but still be able to enjoy my dinner.
4	Did not eat. Good drinks and had Euroupean beer. Good service and atmosphere. Not too noisy and had TVs.
3	I have recently started a new job in North Las Vegas and have been to Town Center Lounge II a few times now.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  The bartender already knows what I drink and I've been in there a few times!The machines are alright- nothing spectacular, but I imagine you would have to commit $100 or more to really know what they are like.  Their Caveman keno pays really well, though.  The food is average- nothing spectacular...just your standard bar food and burgers.  If you are in the neighborhood, this is a nice cool place to escape the heat for a few drinks.
3	I had the Ultimate Chicken sandwich without bacon... Good service, good food (small portions) .Everything that was just ok. The place is a little run down and looks like the current management team doesn't care to keep the place up. It was windy outside, so I could hear the breeze blowing through a completely sealed window... I was OCD and about to go to home depot for some silicon!
1	Service was very slow,  had specials on a board but couldn't get them because they aren't available on weekends which isn't listed,  asked for creamer for coffee took 15 mins to get it, food was salty, no butter for toast. Got 3 full pieces of toast and only 1 grape and 1 strawberry jelly, this place is a joke if you want to eat here!  Don't do it!
3	My guy had his Christmas party here.We had the dining room exclusively to us.We were served buffet style. With salad, (ranch or italian) chicken tenders, and chicken wings (with hot sauce available)spaghetti, chicken Parmesan , and toast.I thought the food was fair..It was decent. The chicken was cooked well..Tender and juicy. There just wasn't any WOW factor to any of it.The service staff was nice and attentive. However, I just think that their drinks are slightly overpriced. I ordered a margarita, which was VERY strong, and my guy ordered a beer. Some how, these two drinks came out to $11.50
4	I've been here twice and both sandwiches have been very good. It's just really dark on the non-smoking side (that takes a star) which makes it seem gloomy. Service has been decent and the menu is large and varied.I'll be back a third time ;)
4	This is a good lounge that is off the beaten path. The atmosphere is good here. I had a few drinks and ate the food. The drinks where great and the food was good. The service was good and the food came out fast.
