1	I got into Madison pretty late due to a delayed flight.  It was getting pretty late and I just wanted something to eat after checking into  my hotel room.  They had an ad in the hotel directory so I ordered from them for delivery.  I know, I know, I should have checked Yelp first.1) They were "out" of thin crust.  Umm, yeah weird but ok.   I'm tired and hungry so I'll go for their usual "pan style"2) They took over an hour to deliver from 3 blocks away3) The pizza was truly gross.  I should have just gotten something from a gas station or something.  It was not good pizza.
4	The Rococo Chicago style pizza is my guilty pleasure. - big chunks of tomato and sausage.  I get it every time my wife and son are away.  I just need to make sure I get rid of the evidence before they get home!
3	Rocky Rococo is a place to go when you give up.  If you are in an area with very limited options, it'll do.  Do they have great customer service, fine ingredients or a non-conveyor belt products?  Absolutely not.Their pizzas feature bland thick layers of cheese, a sour and sodium filled sauce and toppings that will not kill you, but are not exactly satisfying.  I grab super slices.  They range from the inedible glob-mozzarella filled crust (ick - more on this later) of the "Mother Lode" (their spelling, not mine) pepperoni or sausage to a variety of seasonal/daily offerings -- my favorite is the is the "Perfect" with sausage, 'shrooms, green peppers, onions and tomatoes.  They have a modest salad bar with passable options.  If you get the unlimited trips, you also get a bun made of wood pulp (I believe their bread sticks are also made from wood pulp).  The service is filled with some of the dopiest/pokiest cashiers in the world.  If you get the manager (a husky gentleman with a mustache), he'll treat you right.  Notes: They have free wi-fi.The super slices are hit and miss.  You may have the slice of the week, slice of the day and the pepperoni and sausage super slices on some days, other days their may be nothing out there.  That end of it is not managed consistently well. Tips: The "Mother Lode" anything may kill you.  They roll their crust in a massive log of cheese.  It's supposed to be melty, but it never quite gets there, so it's a "real and present" choking hazard.They box their super slices in cardboard.  After a while, the crust gets really soggy and turns into school cafeteria pizza - real rank. Make sure to inquire about the slices that are most recent because they come somewhat crisp.
5	Hadn't had Rocky's in a long time and decided to try it.Called and had a pleasant young man take my order efficiently and even thanked me for calling.  A young lady delivered it within the est. time and was pleasant as well.The pizza was delicious!Thanks to the staff!!!!
1	REALLY BAD EXPERIENCE. Ordered a pizza with light cheese due to dietary restrictions. Asked cashier to repeat order to make sure. Pizza arrived loaded with cheese and scant amount of sauce. (Ordered extra sauce too) How does this happen since I know Rocky Rococo requires that they measure their ingredients? The place was empty, so I know that they weren't busy with different customers. The most insulting part however was paying $22 for a large pizza, returning the whole thing, and not even getting offered a refund or a coupon. As a former employee, that's just not the way it's supposed to happen. Rocky's is a pretty good place to eat, but this is a location to avoid at all costs if you want your order correct !!!.. At least during weekdays!
1	Worst cheesy breadsticks! I've ordered this item from other locations and it was great but this location's version was terrible! They were over cooked, cut in half  and with 50% less bread sticks than other locations. Barely any cheese as well.
