3	Didn't see anything I liked in here. The clothes were alright. They had a couple racks that said buy one and get one for 1 cent. I thought that was interesting, but I didn't see anything that was nice to buy in those racks. The accessories weren't that great. I am not a fan of feathered earrings. Some of the regular clothes were pretty nice, but I just don't think it's worth the price that you pay for it. However, there are at least a couple nice shirts there, just not worth the price to me though. It really just depends on the person :)
1	I had bought a Halloween costume on clearance the previous year, and they didn't take the little plastic thingy off my costume, and I didn't realize it til a year later when I went to put on my Halloween costume and felt the plastic thing. I went back there, (of course, i didn't have the receipt, but the clearance sticker was still there), so I explained that i had bought the costume last year bla bla bla, and that they never took off the thing, The lady started arguing with me that she couldn't just take it off cuz i "could have just stole it from there that day"... really lady? Look at all your costume currently in your store, you don't sell this costume this year! I asked to speak to a manager and she says "I am the manager". So i asked her if I could pay for it again for her to take it off... she agrees... so shes trying to figure out how to ring it up, and couldn't figure it out... then she says 'hold on, I'm gonna get the manager'... Uhm what?! I thought she was the manager? so she gets the manager and the manager just tells her "take it off, we don't sell the costume anymore, there's no reason to make her pay for it again" the girl just stood there like "really? but but but..." the manager was like "just take it off, give it to her." So I politely thank the manager as the other girl takes the plastic thing off, then I couldn't help but say "I thought you said you WERE the manager!?" and she says "well, i'm the assistant manager" I haven't been there since. What a joke!
2	It was just okay. Service pretty non existent. No one even greeted me. The clothes were not my style. I found some cute tights, but paid full price. :( I love a good deal, so if I'm back I'll check it out.
1	Customer service was dreadful. Everyone just stood there talking to each other. At least greet your customers when they walk in/out. Mess everywhere, shoes were unorganized and there wasn't a fitting room attendant. The "cute" clothes were hung high from the ground. Imagine how annoying it was to hunt down an associates to grab a shirt down for you. Hire new associates, ones that actually do their job and not stand around and get paid to do nothing.
