2	We've eaten here lots of time as it's the closest McD's to my grandmother's neighborhood.They're usually pretty much on point but my most recent visit was a real bummer. I detest the drive thru because it seems to be the dumping ground for cold fries and incorrect sandwich orders.Sadly, my experience last week fell along these lines.I ordered a double filet meal without tartar sauce and another meal for my daughter.It's a good thing I checked my purchase before I exited the parking lot. The double filet I paid for had morphed into a single filet with no cheese.Which meant I had to get out of my car and go into the place, defeating the purpose of the drive thru and pretty much ensuring cold fries by the time I reached my destination.The only thing that could have ticked me off more would have been to find the single filet upon arriving home.So I went in with the filet AND the fries and asked for hot fries to accompany my new sandwich. While I waited, I observed the workers. I saw one young lady accidentally knock a bag (from the stack of new bags), onto the floor. When I saw her pick it up and place it back on top of the clean bags (Can anyone say "cross contamination"?), I called a manager over and told him.He was curt but he found the offending bag and put it in the trash.However, the bag beneath it should have been tossed as well because the bag that had fallen on the floor was placed dirty side down onto it.And in keeping with my notion of good sanitation, both people who touched the dirty bag should have washed their hands after.To her credit, another manager asked what was going on and she reprimanded the young lady firmly but nicely.But still, I didn't see anyone wash their hands.Maybe it's time for me to stop eating out.
3	The parking lot was clean. Front door is by the stinky dumpster. The dining room floor felt greasy. The service was friendly and fast. The food was hot (great eating temp). I had breakfast, a no.1 egg mcmuffin meal, hashbrown with oj, it was the usual McDonald's taste.
1	Ordered a large Mango-Pineapple smoothie. Stayed in line 5 minutes from the time I ordered. Which was okay, I made sure I started out 10 minutes early for the trip. $3.64 for a large. Got to the window stayed an additional 3 minutes. No big deal. Until...... Ma'am We no have Mango. We have Um.. Strawberry. Reluctantly I said Ok... It's just Strawberry right? Not Strawberry-Banana? Si Strawberry- Banana. Side note...( I don't like Strawberry- Banana) No ma'am I would just like my money back... refund please... she gave me $3.53 back? Wasted my time and made a profit! Geez!!
1	First I pull up to the right window and they serve the left side instead even though I was first. Then my person took forever taking my order that another 2 people went through on the other window. when I was done ordering she said is that all and I said yes then nothing. No confirmation screen no total no please pull forward. She never came back so I just took off. I was like hello?  Did you get that?  You there?  McDonald's?  quarter pounder?  If you can't handle operating 2 drive thrus. Stick to one until you get it figured out. OR hire people with some kind of skill. It's not that difficult to take an order now.
1	Someone just wrote me a note to say that I didn't make a profit. No.... I didn't.... the review should've read. McDonald's wasted my time and kept my money which resulted in McDonald's making the profit!!!
