4	Was waiting for this place to finally open inside the super G mart international market on independence.  Being an expert of these delish buns and the steamed appetizers shi mu, and shrimp dumplings.  being asian american.  I had the barbcue pork bun and the shrimp dumplings.  they were so Delish ! Fresh ! on the small side.  but still good.  cash only.  price from $ 1 to 2.75.  I m a fan ! will have to try the sweet rice next.
5	This is the kind of place that you're not sure you want to review. On the one hand, you want everyone to know how awesome and delicious they are. But on the other, you don't want every douche-bag out there flocking and ruining the damned place for you.Super G, some love it, some hate it. I happen to love it and don't mind the stench (which is pretty strong and offensive, think seafood). Nestled inside Super G there lies a little piece of incredible awesomeness; Honey Buns dumplings.Honey Bun, next to an awesome Korean restaurant, is in the back of the store in a public seating area. Behind the plain counter there are rows of bamboo steamers full of a wide variety of dumplings and fillings. I've had nearly all of them by now and they all taste delicious.I strongly recommend the taro ones (sweet), the BBQ pork and the shrimp ones. They are very, very, very afforadable and filling. They average $1.25 and never go over a couple of bucks each. Two or three and you're good to go for lunch.One of the coolest deals is that you can get six plain, whole wheat and brown sugar dumplings for $3.50. These things are each the size of a grow man's fist and taste incredible on their own. BUT, if you wanna make it something special, take them home, make some glaze (http://www.cooks.com/rec/view/0,174,158183-255192,00.html ), and spread it over your dumplings, springle some brown sugar and cinnamon on top and stick in the over at a low temperature until it all marries together in a gooey mess, cool and enjoy!One last thing, leave your yuppie plastic at home, Honey Buns (like the girls off Wilkinson with the same name), only takes cash.
4	Quick note: CASH ONLYLocated in the back right of Super G (kind of a food court-esque set up) and next to a Korean place. Tons of people partaking in the grub from this place, which is always a good sign. Passed by whilst shopping for some other items and saw they had some seasonal veggie steamed buns and dim sum. Take a look at my photos, but the sight of those steamer baskets drew me in. I knew I didn't stand a chance of walking by without sampling the fare. Luckily, I had some cash as they only accept cash at the register. However, it's super cheap. I grabbed some sticky rice dim sum and two veggie steamed buns for less than $5. Such an awesome snack to have while shopping. They had tons of other options -- pork buns, shrimp, etc. I'm sure they are amazing, and if the veggie options were any testament to the rest of the menu, I'm sure you won't be disappointed. Next time you find yourself at Super G, be sure to stop by.
4	Best dim sum cart alternative in town. Sticky rice, shrimp buns and pork buns.
4	If you find yourself on Independence @ Village Lake you might as well  pull into the SuperGs parking lot and for a couple of bucks find out what the noise is about. I've eaten at honey buns a half a dozen times and the buns were always freshly steamed in bamboo baskets - they had to fight with the city to be able to use those, the health dept was demanding stainless vats instead. Now, not all buns are equally tasty. I found the Korean to be bland, the Americanized BBQ pork tastes like any crappy BBQ because it's made with the same catsup based BBQ sauce. To me the Korean bun is surprisingly bland and the Chinese buntastes just like a dumpling, good but mild. The Vietnamese Bun with egg and sausage is their tastiest bun, the Kimchi bun is also fun and make sure to try the Pearl rice balls and to as for hot sauce to sprinkle one everything.  You can literally pig out for 5 bucks (cash only). Then you can walk to the next counter and for another $6-8 get a Korean dinner to take .... a Blade Runner experience all the way. Fun, cheap not recommended for the hygiene neurotics.note: closed on Mondays
4	I love that there's an authentic shop to pick up freshly steamed buns and treats in Charlotte! My son and I love to explore the many aisles of Super G mart, in search of new noodles, seasonings and other food items to try. And we always stop at Honey Buns for a BBQ bun and thai tea. Many filling options, but my favorite is the BBQ pork. I am excited to buy some to serve my parents next time they're in town!
3	Not the best bun I have in other place.The xiao-long pork bun is a huge disappointment!!!! The bun is so dried, I supposed to have juice dripping out. The sweet rice dim sum taste like it's ordered from supply store.Over all I would go back for the drinks
1	I ate here many times, but today I noticed that they always over charge me. Tax for restaurants here in Charlotte is 7.25%, here at honey buns  always charge me 10% tax. Btw you Guys only take cash only! So.....I don't even know if you guys pay your taxes! Another time I brought some buns here, ate it the next day and got really sick! Try not to sell people your left over from week before. I hope health inspection can come and check your place out.Never returns and never recommended to anyone again.
3	Not too many other options in town to get fresh made buns.  Most of them have very little filling, but they're still a great deal for only about a buck.Good, but not great.
3	What a classy, hotel-ish restaurant with a plethora of payment options and grand decor. Jk. Cash only and half melted tables.  But still, the buns and milk-tea fusion bubble teas are pretty good and worth getting - namely the BBQ pork or red bean buns.  This place is a good, cheap pit-stop for when you get hungry while grocery shopping!
5	This place is my fave. Always go here with my mom when we need to shop at Super G Mart. I usually order the thai boba tea since it's my favorite drink to get there. What I like most about the place is how they have such a huge selection of beverages. I think one time my mom tried out thai tea with STRAWBERRY BOBA and I had nooo idea that existed. Now, that drink is her favorite. The people working there are friendly as well. I have tried the food there. I ordered the um. something something red bean paste noodles(???not sure of the name). In the picture it has carrots and cucumbers. It was my first time trying something like that, and omg . yo. just thinking about it makes my mouth water.
5	delicious variety of buns! and so many types of teas (bubble, milk, taro).among the buns, I love the red bean bun, teriyaki chicken bun, and bbq pork bun. They also have really good beef noodle soup and their shrimp fried rice! Very nice people too.
