4	K and I stopped here for lunch before exploring the town. The ambiance definitely rates 5 STARS.The bar stools are old saddles. There are thousands of signed $1.00 bills from all over the country and the world tacked on the wall, ceiling and any other open spot in the saloon and it is located in a historic building. The menu is printed like an old newspaper and the servers are pleasant.I would rate the food as 3 or 4 STARS.  K had a pulled pork sandwich and she said it was very good.  When researching the area I read that they had the hottest and best chili around and really good Sonora style Mexican food.  I tried the chili and it was hot and it was pretty good but I can not give it five stars. Perhaps I am a food snob.I came here for the experience and that was worth five stars but the food does not rate quite that high.
3	Service was very slow but food was decent...had the bean burrito and cheese enchiladas...local beer tastes like miller, nothing special.  Only option in tortilla flat! Atmosphere is quirky and interesting with western flair and thousands of dollar bills covering interior of entire restaurant!
3	Ice cold beer served in a mason jar. Saddles for bar stools. Friendly staff. Havent eaten there but the food looked good, like bar food. Love it.
3	Oh, man.  If you can make the trip up the Apache Trail, stop here for some grub.  Dollar bills make up the decor as there are thousands of them stapled to the walls.  I saddled up to the bar (literally) and ordered a Killer burger.  The server (Karen... maybe owned the place, too.  Not sure) said they were known for burgers and chili.  The Killer was a chili burger so I thought I could knock those both out in one meal.  The chili was great!  And hot.  7 on a 10 scale.  And, the burger was OK.  We had some sort of Mule beer (tasted like Pabst Blue Ribbon... mixed with Natural Light) on tap to wash it down.  Go to this place for the atmosphere for certain.Pros=cool decorations, saddle barstools, fun bathroomsCons=no cell phone service, saddle sores
5	Went to Superstition Saloon in January 2011, had the best burger and fries ever! I will be going back to AZ, just to stop here and have a burger and beer.  The burger was big and delicious!
5	I have to stop in here for some version of their chili and a bottle of Sasparilla everytime I make my way up/down the Apache Trail. I love that damn chili. You can just get it in a bowl with a tortilla, or in a bread bowl, on a burger or dog. I have had 'em all and will continue for a long time to come. I just took a friend up there this last weekend and we both got the Killer chili omelette. Instead of just making an omelette and throwing some chili on it, they cook that stuff right in there and have it beautifully folded with melted cheese on it (why didn't I take a picture? Damn!). I like spicy. That being said, the chili could be a little bit spicier but it is delicious. Everytime I have been here the staff is very friendly and fast. Tortilla Flat is a great piece of AZ history that suppies some good grub.  Go there.
2	There's not a lot of choices on Apache Trail.  It could be much worse!  The burger was burnt and stay away from the chicken tacos.  The draft beer was cold and that was the singular redeeming fact.
3	The road to get here has ALOT of curves.  If you have motion sickness like I do, you will definitely want Dramamine or sleep through it.The restaurant decor itself is fun to look at. There are dollar bills all along the walls.  The bar has saddles for seats.  I definitely would like to see someone who has had a few too many try to get off. My friend and I happened to sit at the bar.  We were given menus and told "we are known for our burgers and chili".  My friend ordered a bowl of chili that was served with cheese and sour cream.  I had the chili dog with tortilla chips.  The chili was decent.  It has a very slight kick to it.  Nothing to brag about.  They also have Mule Oil and Rattlesnake Venom beer on tap which is unique to this establishment.  I was told the Mule Oil is a lighter beer.  It is similar to Bud Light, and I wasn't that impressed.  I inquired about the Rattlesnake Venom in the hopes of trying a better beer. (By the way, they do not give samples).  I asked the bartender if the Rattlesnake Venom beer was like an IPA.  He looked at me and said "I don't understand what you mean.  I don't drink."  This statement baffled me.  I respect his decision not to drink, but if you are a bartender you should be knowledgeable about the drinks that you serve.  Just saying.  I decided not to try the Rattlesnake Venom.
