4	Don't let the appearance fool you, this place is new but give them a chance :)A hole in the wall mom and pop spot.I ordered a Thai Beef Ball soup for take out, can't say anything bad about it. Taste like mamas home cooking.
5	Just came from dinner at Thai Noodles Cafe.  The restaurant atmosphere pleasant, the food was excellent and the prices very reasonable.  Will definitely eat there again soon.
4	Def a great mom and pops place! Prices are reasonable, food is Delish! Place could use a remodel but get I'm here for the food!
3	It was pretty good, but not completely awesome.  Service was great, but the egg rolls were frozen from packages - I saw him take them out of the freezer, and served to me with literally 7 skinny shreds of dried out cabbage and carrots.There are only seats for about 12 people in the entire place.  The panang curry was good, but I ordered spicy level 3, and it was SO SPICY I had a difficult time eating it.It is clearly a mom n pop place, so I'd give it another try if I lived around to support their business.
4	What a pleasent little surprise Thai Noodle Cafe turned out to be.  I don't know how long it has been open but I just saw it recently and being so close to home for me I had to try it.  My initial impression, it is a small kind of place.  It felt like an old pizza kitchen.  Like maybe it was a Dominoe's at one time.  There are a couple of tables and a counter with a couple of pamphlet folded menus along with some pictures and paintings on the walls.  Not much else to speak of here.  It was quiet when I walked in.  Though it was 5:45 in the evening there were no other diners.  I walked right up to the counter, glazed over the menu for a minute and decided on my favorite Thai Red Curry.  It was ready in just over 5 minutes which had me concerned.  How fresh could it be coming out so quickly?  It also looked like a small serving.  Did I just pay $9.69 for disappointment?  Alas, my fears were put to rest when I got home and began to serve myself up.  There was a lot more curry and rice than I had thought.  The packaging was deceptive.  And this was good food too.  It did not taste like it had been sitting out waiting for me at all.  There was a a ton of curry and coconut flavor going on, the chicken was tender, the vegetables (bamboo, carrots and bell pepper) were still crisp and the steamed rice was still steaming.  The fresh basil used was the sweet Thai variety and was a nice touch.  Sometimes basil can be too pungent and overpowering.  This was a perfect compliment to a good curry and that made for a nice evening.
5	Very good pad thai. in Arizona we are use to seeing taco places like this hole in the wall places witch are always the good ones. I had again the pad thai and pineapple fried rice. And make shure you ask for it mild cause even mild is spicy. The pineapple fried rice is even amazing. They dont deliver however I found out threw grub hub they do they offer delivery that way. VERY good and polite staff well driver. Looking forward to triing other dishes.
2	I give this place a two because I had the pad thai I ask for 2 in spicy and it was soo spicy my stomach hurted my mouth was burning. I could taste the original flavor of the pad thai. I can only imagine what a 5 or 10 taste like. Wish it wasn't spicy so I could enjoy it.
4	I've been wanting to try this place for months and finally went today. I ordered the spicy basil beef (spicy level #5 out of 10) I gave it 4 stars because the food was very delicious. I didn't give it full 5 stars because I was very disappointed with the portion size. There was so much vegetables and very little meat. Also another thing I questioned was every other place ordering spicy basil beef its been ground beef this place made it with sliced beef it honestly looked and tasted like Mongolian beef but still good. I dont know if I'll order it again but the customer service, Thai tea, & over all food taste was good enough for me to go back and try something else next time.
4	I've been to different Thai food places and for the most part a number 9 in spicy level is pretty mild, not the case at all with Thai Noodle Cafe!! I ordered Pad thai noodles and basil chicken both number 7 thinking it'd be pretty mild, boy was I surprised. It was extreme spicy. I'm Mexican and I love spicy food and this was good but super spicy. Both were great dishes. Like others said the servings are quite small for the main entrees but it was more than enough pad thai. Would definitely order again, but at a spicy level of 4 next time!
3	I got the Penang curry and have to say the food is mediocre at best. The chicken is of low quality and it shows
2	First impressions are a little off-putting. While the staff was extremely friendly, there were problems; because of the language barriers, be sure to use the numbers on their menu. Then double check. The flavors of the dishes my party and I ordered were bland at best with low quality meats. A few tips for future patrons: the Pad Thai is very heavily seasoned with fish sauce, no matter what meat you order in it. And their spice levels are not very spicy.
5	My wife and I were stuck in Vegas while our truck was in the shop. It was billion degrees outside and we were hungry but not willing to risk sunstroke to grab a bite. We noticed this place had online ordering through the Yelp App so we decided to give it a try. We had Larb, Pad Thai with Chicken, Chicken Satay and Pork with Chinese Broccoli.  We decided to go with Level 1 on the spices for everything having read complaints in other reviews. Everything was hot, tasty and delivered ahead of schedule. Using the online delivery was easy and you can even prepay the tip. A friendly gentleman showed up at our hotel door bearing delicious food and that was that. Hassle free dining. If we get stuck in Vegas again we will be trying some of their other items.
5	It's a small family owned restaurant. The staff is nice and friendly. The food is always delicious and full of flavors. There's only one delivery man so the delivery can take a bit longer then usual 45min- 1hr, however, the food never shows up cold or soggy it's always hot, delicious, and worth the wait. We order the House Tom Yum Soup, BBQ Pork Wonton Soup (Dry), Shrimp rolls, and Pot Stickers. We will continue to order from here and will definitely recommended friends or family.
4	I always order 3 things when I go to new thai places . Pad Thai Tom kha Kai and duck curry . The only thing I liked was the duck curry nothing was bad just not the way I like it . Every one their was nice and got food in a good amount of time
2	Food was good. Not great.Ordered the pineapple fried rice and chicken pad thai. I asked for no shrimp, chicken only and extra egg on the fried rice.  There was not even half a chicken breast and I counted 5 pieces of pineapple in the whole order of rice.  No extra egg either.   also asked for extra egg in the pad thai.  No extra egg in the pad thai.  They charged me a dollar more for chicken pad thai which also had less than half a chicken breast in the whole order.I placed an online order for pick-up at 6:15, as I was out running errands. The owner called me at 5:50 telling me my order was ready for pick-up.  I arrived at 6:10 and needless to say my food was barely warm.  Very dissapointing.
5	Small place but this is one of the best Thai restaurants I've been to! I was in Vegas for only three days but we came back here to eat right before we left. The Tom yum noodle soup is my favorite, but I'll definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas!
1	This place in no longer in business
