4	got a great mani-pedi here the other day. big plus was that although their hours sign on the front door said they closed at 7, they stayed open to accomodate anyone who came in, even when someone called at 7:30 and asked if they could still come in and get their nails done. the pedi didn't seem as thorough as the usual pedi is, but overall it was a great experience and my nails look fab. i'll definitely be back in the future.
3	ok, so the "not very thorough" part i mentioned in my last review is the main problem with the subsequent visits i've paid to this place. the pedicures i've had have taken about 10 minutes, tops--very hurried and not exactly thorough. last time i went, they cut my toenails crooked to top it all off. ugh. guess my quest for a decent nail joint here in town isn't quite over.
1	Oh boy. Where do I begin?This place is awful. I went here with a friend.  We both received terrible service. There was only 2 workers, and about 5 people getting feet and nails done when we first walked in. We waited FOREVER before they actually got to our pedicures.25 dollars for a pedicure basically included cutting the skin under by big toe where I was bleeding the whole time, barely scrubbing with the pumice stone, you had to ask to have the nails clipped, and oh yes, nails are totally crooked. The pedicure lasted about 10 minutes, and no scrubbing or exfoliating. They halfass the lotion massage and throw in 1 hot rock, which was actually burning my leg and not very enjoyable. And I cannot leave out that my friend did not even receive the lotion massage and hot rock until after her toes had already been painted!Only reason we came here was because our regular place, Pro Nails down Philo is closed on Mondays. That place is great! And its only 21 dollars.  Do NOT come here, you will be greatly disappointed.
1	Overpriced and poor quality.  For 38 dollars for a mani-pedi, I'd expect not to get burned by the hot stones or have my manicure chip within hours.  It's been 48 hours and there is NO indication that I ever had a manicure, since my polish is gone and my cuticles are still ragged.  Pedicure was decent except for the aforementioned too-hot stones.  There are lots of other places in Champaign-Urbana that charge less for a better experience -- go there!
