4	This counts as a 4.5 star review for me.  I've heard about Toast and their tasty breakfast goods for a while now.  I was up in Davidson earlier this year, but they were closed.  I've been hearing about their imminent arrival in Charlotte and was happy to hear that they had opened this week.I stopped by for brunch this morning and was greeted at the door by two members of staff.  The dining area was probably 30% full at just around 10:00am and I was told to seat myself wherever I chose.  The dining room was open with the bar on the left when you enter.My server came to take my drink order as well as to drop off a basket of cornbread.  She was very knowledgeable of the menu and was even able to tell me what items I was considering used locally-sourced ingredients.I decided on the stuffed french toast with peanut butter and bananas with turkey sausage and an egg.  Not more than ten minutes later, my food was out.  The french toast was over-the-top!  So good.  Fans of the PB&B combo will love this dish.  There were a total of four slices (four triangles) and I ended up having to take one home.  The sausage and egg were decent - nothing to complain about there.The service I experienced was terrific.  I ended up being assisted by maybe three different members of their wait staff.  I have no problem with that, but it gives you pause when you're leaving your tip.  But that wouldn't deter me from going back.Definitely worth a visit.  I'll be back!
4	Have family in Davidson and they were all excited that Toast was coming to Dilworth. Went in about 10:30 AM. Got a nice omelet, quick service, friendly and efficient wait staff.My only negative comments were of the ambiance. Seemed too dark and they had a tinny sounding stereo playing 60's music, too loudly.Will wait a few weeks to go back and see if any changes made.
1	Not a good experience at all. Bad service topped off with mediocre food. Cold/stale cornbread when you sit down...and my toast was burnt. Had the southwestern omelet...with greasy chorizo. You can drive 1.5 mile down east blvd. to Bad Daddy's Burger Bar for a much better experience and food.
4	Lured by a half-off entree coupon in a Val-pak mailing (don't judge!), we set out for an early Sunday meal.  It was probably about 9 AM, so we were pre-crazy brunch rush.  We were seated immediately.  The place has a clean modern-cozy feeling going on, reminding me of some of the Eggstasy restaurants back in Chicagoland.  My food was a hit.  I got the crab benedict with hash browns.  Their hash browns were delicious, soft and slightly garlicky, and I never knew how well crabcakes and hollandaise went together... it's gotta be the splash of lemon juice.  Mind you, the hash browns are cubed and soft (more like "home fries") and not fried shoe string (a la IHOP).  I think this is an important distinction given I know people loyal to both camps.  The only slacker was the coffee, which tasted like it might have been sitting on the burner a bit too long.If I recall correctly hubs got the boring breakfast (he almost always does), toast, eggs, potatoes, meat, juice.  He was satisfied if not blown away.  Also he's in the shoestring hash camp. Well, my food was good enough that I'd come back.  Although I'm starting to wonder where I can get a knockout cup of decaf with brunch...
2	For a new restaurant, they didn't make a good impression. I purchased the Groupon and decided to try it for lunch. A month earlier I tried their Davidson location and thought it was pretty good so I was eager to see how the Dilworth location would be. The service lacked care or curiosity. My husband and I went during a non-prime time and clearly the employees were cleaning up and restocking. Placing our order was uneventful and once we got our order the attention was gone. I had an issue with my side. It was roasted veggies, but it was clear they were overcooked and mainly red onions. I waited for a while to see if our server would return to check on us, but finally had to ask the person cleaning the tables if I could get something else. He signaled our waiter, got another side dish, and when our server brought it to our table, he just said is this what you wanted? Nothing about checking in on our experience, "I'm sorry, was there something wrong with the veggies?...hope this will be better..." The tomatoes on my sandwich were not good...you know when they are mealy, mushy, and flavorless (take it off the menu when it's not the season or make sure you import good ones). However, the avocado was fresh and very good.I will give kudos for the manager strolling through asking tables how things were going. He just didn't pass by when things started to feel neglectful. I could see Toast being a neighborhood food stop, but they missed the opportunity to build a relationship. Perhaps Toast is going for a hands-off approach, but it didn't work for us.
1	The only saving grace is that the people are nice. I was SO excited for Toast to open in Dilworth. What a disappointment.To begin, the corn bread they give you has negative taste. Awful. My omlet had no taste, my coffee had grinds in it, and despite a million workers running around like ants, the service was very slow, i had to ask for more coffee twice, had to ask them to remove old plates when the new ones came out, and it was just gross. Never going back.
4	I was worried about this place due to the other reviews, but I'm glad we tried it out for ourselves. We were seated basically immediately. I love that they've changed the inside of the place. It has a cool vibe, though it seemed like it can get a little loud.I got the Western Omelette and added tomatoes. It was really good. I liked the hash browns a lot (home fries, really). And they have cinnamon raisin toast which is the best thing everrrrr. My husband got a burger. He liked it and they have wavy chips, another favorite.If you're a big foodie, I don't know if you'll be thrilled? But for an overflowing omelette of goodies, it is a great spot!And the service was great. Our waiter was really nice and our food came out quickly. No complaints.Apparently experiences may vary, but I recommend taking a chance!
5	I've never been to the Toast in Davidson (it's just too far to drive for breakfast!), so I was happy to hear that one was opening up much closer in Charlotte.  We gave it a try this past Sunday morning.  I was very impressed with the look of the small plaza it's in off Park Road (I've never visited it before) and even more impressed by the ambiance of Toast itself.  There are so many windows, letting in so much natural light.  That alone deserves kudos.  The modern decor -- dark woods with yellow walls -- complements the sunlight and makes it feel like a cheerful, welcoming place.  With all of the dark wood, it reminded me of my favorite Corner Bakery cafe in Chicago.  We arrived around 9:00 a.m. and were immediately seated (with a fantastic window view).  Although it felt a bit crowded, everything was on the table that we could possibly ask for:  sugar, sweeteners, cream, jams and jellies, hot sauce, cornbread, butter, etc.  I ordered the Crab Benedict special.  Unfortunately, I felt like a benedict novice when our server asked how I wanted my eggs cooked, even though I order them almost everywhere I go.  I've never been asked that before, and sadly, I couldn't think of the correct term.  Over easy?  No, that wasn't it.  Noticing my delayed response, the server chimed in with, "Soft, medium, or hard?"  Ah, yes.  That's the wording.  Soft!  I like my Eggs Benedict extra juicy, please.  (Which totally grosses out my partner.)  The eggs and crabcakes were delicious, as were the homefries that accompanied them.  Everyone else enjoyed their entrees as well, and theirs came with several large slices of TOAST (go figure!).  The service was fantastic.  Everyone was very attentive and friendly.  Apparently their motto is "your server is every server."  We never had to wait for refills for coffee in our big mugs.  In fact, we were asked by three different servers if we wanted coffee to go!Lastly, the small outdoor seating area looks like it will be a nice place to sit and enjoy the warmer weather once Spring returns.  But we'll be back before then.
4	This place is a breakfast gem because...its HUGE! No more waiting in line to get a seat at your fav little breakfast spot. They pretty much just serve up your average breakfast fare, nothing too creative or out of the box--but it was very good. Tons of sunlight pouring through on the inside and few tables on their front steps for outside dining. There's also plenty of parking = win.
3	I love Toast in Davidson so was very excited to hear Toast was opening in my hood, Dilworth. I've tried lunch here about 10 times now and have to say, in my opinion, it is 'just okay'. In particular, I feel the menu revolves around chix ... even in the daily specials, from the soups to the wrap to the salad, it is so often chix.  It would be nice to see some variety in their menu options, perhaps less meat or chix laden. Most of the time the service is pretty good. On our last visit, two waiters tried for my plate before I finished eating, with my fork in hand and one finally got it ;)???
1	I won't be back....I was really looking forward to Toast opening in Dilworth as I have had good experiences at their former Huntersville location.  Unfortunately I was sorely disappointed. My toast experience started out with a long wait for a table which is just fine.  I figured the place must be good with so many people waiting to eat there. I was wrong. Our first impression started with the coffee which was Horrible. And I do mean HORRIBLE.  It was so nasty that it was undrinkable. My Dunkin Donuts coffee induced urine likely has a more pleasant flavor and aroma. The manager said that the coffee comes out good 75% of the time.  WTF?  How the hell is that possible? The corn bread was extremely dry and had a flavor that I can only describe as "fecal".  Wash that down with the coffee and it's like someone took a dump in your mouth. The service was very poor.  It was some of the poorest that I have come across in a long time. After 40 minutes our food was finally delivered.  If you are going make me wait that long at least give me the option of ordering a bloody mary or a mimosa to numb the pain. I ordered the breakfast burrito.  It was cold and utterly tasteless.  My hash browns were mediocre at best. And the "homemade" salsa was anything but.  It tasted like the cheapest mass produced salsa available that they then added some red onion to. Evidently according to Toast throwing some onions in there makes it "homemade".  To sum it up, there was a long wait, horrible service, and terrible food. Perhaps Toast doesn't have all of the kinks worked out yet.  However, there are plenty of other places for brunch nearby in Dilworth that are consistently good. Fortunately I was using a Groupon.  But even at half price it wasn't worth it. I will not be giving Toast another try.
5	Been wanting to try Toast for a while now and finally did this weekend!  Let me preface that I am a breakfast nazi.... I'm just enamored by the idea of mixing sweet and savory and the first meal of the day (can't beat that).  The idea of breakfast for dinner is definitely great for me... but I digress.It definitely took a while to peruse the menu since everything sounded really delicious including there specials for the day.  I ended up ordering The Runner! Omelet that was a mouth-watering omelet made from egg whites, turkey, roasted veggies, and brie.  TOTALLY awesome.  My friend tried THE Avocado Omelet and said it was excellent as well.  I did manage to sneak in a side order of French Toast...as my treat for sweating out a 1.5hr hot yoga class (in the yoga studio located in the same shopping center).  Probably undid all the hard work, but I definitely enjoyed the sweet after a great omelet.  The omelets are served with one side hash browns, grits or fruit and toast.  I totally went hash browns (more carbs!)  Do you see why I love breakfast now?Definitely have to come back here to try their other menu offerings... and maybe dinner.  I think they are open for limited nights...Our server was very friendly.  My friends that live in the area said that they have been trying to eat here for a couple weeks, but couldn't stand the wait since it's been so crowded.  It worked out really nicely for a Saturday morning and we never felt rushed or anything.  I think a lot of other people got the tail end of the new opening grown pains... but our experience was great.
4	Hooray for a new breakfast spot in Charlotte--keep em coming!!Their breakfast menu ranges from traditional items like egg sandwiches, omelets, french toast, pancakes, etc.  I highly recommend any of those items because they are excellent.  Their hash browns are fresh cut potatoes with a very tasty seasoning.  They are wonderful!  But, what I would really check out would have to be their "specials."  They had crab benedict, stuffed french toast, unique omelet blends, etc.  My husband tried the nutella and strawberry stuffed french toast.  Of course I "encouraged" him to order this because I had my eye on the pumpkin spice pancakes but desperately wanted to try that french toast!  Let me just say, we made the right choices!  The stuffed french toast was absolutely heavenly.  It tasted like a chocolate covered strawberry.  It is hard to explain but the bread balanced the "sweet" so it was a perfect combination of flavors.  You could always order a side of hash browns if you need something salty to complete the meal!  My pumpkin pancakes were the perfect fall treat!  They were super fluffy and the pumpkin flavor was very prominent!  I don't know about you but I have had pumpkin pancakes that didn't taste like pumpkin at all...it just tasted like cinnamon or nutmeg or allspice.  These were light and flavorful.  There were three of them, which was the perfect amount.  They weren't huge so I didn't feel lethargic, bloated and tired after this breakfast.They mix things up so the menu is always changing.  I am thrilled that  they opened a location in Dilworth but taking a ride up to Davidson is a nice change of scenery as well!  Either way, check them out!  You will NOT be disappointed!
5	The food and service were both excellent! I had the western omelet made the way I like - no bell pepper and with goat cheese - outstanding! My husband and I loved it and will be going back.
1	Toast is toast.We arrived very excited about a new breakfast place. I love breakfast! We left feeling foolish for spending money there.The good: This is family friendly. I don't have children- but it is the sort of place that I could take my nephews to. The service was quick. We were seated quickly. It is large. The windows allow a delightful amount of real sunlgiht. It is pretty inside.The bad: The food is average at best. You can easily go to a number of other breakfast hot spots in Charlotte and spend the same amount of money for something far superior. It is also very loud inside.The ugly: EGGSHELLS IN OUR EGGS BENEDICT. Don't get me wrong- I know it can happen. We received the food so quickly- perhaps they just need to slow down a bit? My big issue wasn't the eggshell. It was the reaction to the eggshell. The server looked at us blankly and a little confused. I'm unsure if she knew what to do. They decided to comp our JUICES.1. The manager never came by. It was obvious that the server asked someone about what she should do because she came back with saying that they will comp our juice. Ummm....isn't it the managers job to come by and check? 2. Comp the JUICES. Not the item that had the eggshells in it. That is just cheap. Maybe it is cheap that it irritated me. But really? The juices? (FYI- the "large" juice is rather small)3. We had that weird feeling that if we argued our case- they would have comped the dish with eggshells in it. I hate that though. I believe in costumer service- not haggling. I just won't come back. I would have considered giving it another try if they had responded better (I am a sucker and will usually give a local place a few shots before crossing it off the list completely)This place is all quantity- not quality. The server did suggest giving us another crab cake benedict or another item. That is lovely and all..but really? When you are chewing eggshells you lose your interest in eating.I couldn't even touch the grits. I am not a Southern woman- but I do have my standards on grits. It looked like microwavable grits with shredded cheese over it.The crab cake benedict was blah. Very little crab. Add an English muffin and some asparagus, please.I wanted to like this place. It is close to work. I just can't do it when there are so many better options in Dilworth.
5	Another great experience at Toast!  Upon entering, we were immediately greeted by the restaurant owner Brian and offered to take a seat wherever we wanted (menus are already on the tables).   The parking lot was full, but Toast luckily has plenty of great seating.  This time around, I tried the Cali Benny (even though I was craving the delicious meaty Crabcake Benedict again).  There was a LOT of perfectly ripe chunky avocado on it, which was a tasty treat.  The accompanying homefries are delicious, too.  They're cooked just perfectly with the right amount of seasoning, and not too greasy.  They tasted even better with the soft egg yolk that oozed out of my benedict!  Yum!Our servers were fantastic and attentive (again).  My (big) coffee mug and water glass were never empty.  The owner stopped by to check on things at our table, too.  Everyone was very friendly.
4	Service was average, the waitress was mediocre at best.  Mid meal our waiter was switched and the remainder of our meal experience was excellent. The stuffed French toast was delicious, and fresh fruit gave me the perfect balance...I will return!***P.S. if you're going to work at a restaurant the least you could do is familiarize yourself with the menu!
4	What a great restaurant and experience.  Though we had a bit of a wait on Saturday morning, the breakfast menu is wonderful and the overall experience is great.  I highly recommend this place as a neighborhood find and great place for a regular visit.
3	It seems like Charlotte has a shortage of non-chain breakfast locales. Sure, we have plenty of Bo Jiggles (Jangles), a few diners, and a handful of upscale breakfast/brunch locales. But how about the moderately priced? Toast fills that void. When I worked in Huntersville a few years back I adored that Toast location. ADORED. I would swoon over the quiche, the fast, family like service and the adorable home the restaurant was housed in. Well, that location closed, and a few years later, now we have a Toast in Dilworth. The expansive space feels different, but the menu still offers a variety of breakfast and lunch items that will surely please the masses.I stopped in on a Friday morning, so I had zero trouble grabbing a table. This environment is very, very different that the weekend. Pack your patient pants if you are looking for a meal on a Saturday or Sunday morning. Service was friendly and quick and efficiently brought over my order - the strawberry and cream cheese French toast. It was a hearty plate filled with four diagonally cut French toast pieces, filled with the fair amount of sweetened cream cheese and a few strawberries. I would have preferred more strawberries and a bit more pizazz, but it was flavorful nonetheless. I chose sausage patties for my side and they sufficed just fine. Overall, Toast is a solid breakfast spot and seeing the huge crowds it pulls on Saturday and Sunday alone, I imagine they'll do just fine.
3	Decent food, fast seating despite being busy, and fast food service. I had special Lox Benedict. My friend had the Cali Benny, eggs Benedict with avocado. Both were good  The potatoes that come with the dishes were nothing special; the cornbread they serve before the food comes out was dry & pretty flavorless. Their biggest area for improvement is their coffee - it was simply brown water.
3	Weekends in the Charlotte locale seem made for leisurely breakfasts, and restaurants open at that time seem to know and exploit this trend.  Toast is no exception and enjoys a current popularity with the age 20-35 crowd that makes this a pre-party and hangover recovery oasis, keeping a full house from opening till lunch time.The restaurant is big enough to have a large mix of tables and seats at a bar, along with a small patio area outside.  It's a little too big to have that "homey" feel but then not large enough to feel like a pancake benefit at the high school gymnasium.  Service is team style as just about anyone could take your order , refill your drinks, and bring your order to the table.  Checks are also payable at both the table or at the bar where the cash register reigns.  These elements create a bit of tension between either considering this a more formal spot for breakfast or a diner where speed is the key.  I'm not sure what Toast is ultimately going for, but moving people through seems to be a priority.The menu has a mix of omelettes, entrees, and a suprising number of "eggs benedict dishes" that are unique.  The Cali Benny with avacado and tomato, for example.  A trio of crepes also looked interesting, but heavy given the fillings.  I also appreciate their options for leaner breakfasts with egg whites, spinich, and turkey.  Again, the menu shows flashes of inspiration and skill, but the pace is that of a quick order grill.  This is not bad, it just feels a bit like an identity crisis.While most of these more signature meals run in the range of $8-12 (a crab cakes benedict seemed king of price), I was happy and surprised to see that the standard 2 eggs with toast and a side ran just under $5.   The homes fries were a personal disappointment to me as I'm not a fan of fat chunks of potato in the morning, but they were seasoned well and they did seem to be popular.  Certainly Toast is currently a "see and be seen" kind of place, but you won't have to stay for long waiting to order and be served.  With the consistency and speed I've seen, they should stay popular for quite a while.  They are open for lunch and have just recently annouced plans to open for dinner, so it will be interesting to see whether this spot remains the "toast of the town" after that noon hour.
4	We love this place for breakfast.  We were a fan when they were in Huntersville, NC.  The restaurant is very friendly, attentive staff we cant say enough about this place.  We love the breakfast and i hear that they are now serving dinner, which is on our list to try.  Their specials are always different and if you have a favorite they will be happy to accommodate.  Our favorites are the Captain Crunch French Toast, PB & Banana French toast, anything Crepe and the eggs with potatoes.
3	Checked this place out for breakfast this past weekend. The waiter at first wasnt that friendly but sorta warmed up by the end of the breakfast. Food was good and priced very well. Worth trying if looking for something non chain for breakfast.
4	Wonderful restaurant with good food, great waiters and convenient location.I had lunch there today and enjoyed one of the luncheon specials.  I would recommend this restaurant for breakfast or lunch.  I have not had dinner there yet.
2	I've given Toast 2 chances and will not be back. Both times the service has been bad, which is sad considering the disclaimer on the menu stating "every server is YOUR server!" Yeah? well apparently they are ALL terrible servers. The management, who was at the register the second time, had a terrible personality. I encountered the worst of the service the second time...I went in and stood at the bar (while waiting for our table) to order a Bloody Mary and some Mimosa's for my friends; after waiting at the bar (directly next to the cashier line) for 5 minutes and watching multiple servers come behind the bar and ignore me, I thought "maybe I'm supposed to get in the register line to order." I got in the register line and once reaching the cashier and ordering drinks, I was told "I can get your drink order after I clear the line, step aside." That was irritating, to say the least, and delivered in such a rude tone that everyone in my party had there jaws dropped when I turned to look at them. After being seated (I wanted to leave, but hey, I was starving at this point), we FINALLY were able to get our drinks. Our food was mediocre at best (both visits)...I've seen and tasted 8 different menu items so far (sampling friends food) and none of it was very impressive. Omelets are much better at Zada Jane's, Pewter Rose, even Skyland's! The french TOAST was not very flavorful and not as warm as it should have been. The actual regular TOAST (this is the name of the place) was cold and not buttered on both visits! (Of course they did give you plastic packets of butter that was cold and hard and would not spread on the also cold and hard toast). We have some great brunch places in Charlotte, for one named after a breakfast dish, Toast is awful.
4	My best friend and I went here on a Sunday morning and were seated within 10 minutes and the place looked pretty darn packed. Service so far had been excellent and then we ordered coffee. Once we had used all our creamers, we just put the empty containers in the bowl they came in to keep them organized. Our waiter (Ryan) apparently did not like that and came back exasperated upon seeing this and just grabbed the bowl and sighed and said "UGH and about putting your trash in our bowls..." and he walked away. It was very uncomfortable and rude. Whatever, I was there to eat! The food was incredible. From the stuffed french toast, eggs, pancake, toast, coffee. Everything. Not a thing that either of us ordered wasn't perfection. It was simply the rude service that was the problem. The rest of the time we were waited on by hit or miss other servers and just stared at by Ryan over the stupid creamer. I think Ryan was just mad about the way his life turned out. For our gigantic quantity of food the bill was still under $30 and on our way out I let the very helpful and kind manager know about our experience and he assured me he would take care of it and assured me that that was not the atmosphere that they try to cultivate. So we will see. Either way it is totally worth a visit for the food!
5	Went for a late Saturday brunch and got seated right away.  The service was a bit hands off but not a huge issue.  I had the stuffed french toast which was delightful.
3	Met some friends here on Sunday after church for the first time. We had about a 35 minute wait for a four top. Here "every server is your server" but I could see how easy it is to be forgotten about. My coffee cup was empty while I struggled to make eye contact with one of the many servers running around to ask for a refill. I had the two eggs and bacon. Eggs were cooked over medium like I liked but the edges were little hard (as if cooked too fast), bacon was nice a crispy with good flavor. I also ordered a side blueberry pancake which was tasty as well. You could actually taste the wild blueberry flavor unlike other blueberry pancakes I've had before. Over all... Nice time and enjoyed brunch but not one of the best breakfasts I've ever had and a bit over priced.
5	My bride and I have been hooked on Toast for years.  We lived in Huntersville before moving Uptown and had grown fond of that location and it's staff.  We were thrilled when the Dilworth location opened.I have now been to this particular location 5+ times and I'm still hooked.  This is by far one of the best breakfast locations in the Carolinas.  The only breakfasts I would even rank with the quality of food and service would be Poogan's in Charleston and George's Brasserie in Charlotte.  My bride orders the Raspberry Walnut Pancakes with Bacon and she can't branch out for new dishes because they are just that good.  Very fresh and they don't skimp on the ingredients.  These are also my favorites of the pancake and french toast selections.  I've tried the basic breakfast, the Cali Benny (avocado, tomato, poached egg, hollandaise), the Crab Benedict, Eggs Benedict, Bacon Egg and Cheese Sandwich, and many more.  I'm still highly impressed with the service and your cup of coffee never empties.  Excellent teamwork.  We bring our family here when they visit and they request each time now as well!*Another visit update... We went for our first Sunday visit and had to add onto my review.  The floor service is a well oiled machine.  There was a 25 minute wait for our two top and they manage to turn service without making you feel rushed.  As soon as a table frees up, they had it bussed, cleaned, and seated within 2 minutes.  Excellent food as always including a special : southwest scramble.... Awesome.
5	I was pleasantly surprised with everything about Toast of Dilworth (TOD).  My experience at TOD yesterday was like putting on a pair of jeans you haven't worn in a while, reaching in the pockets and finding a $20 bill.  You don't know where it came from, how it got there or even how Long its been there.  But it doesn't matter, you accept it as good...Went here Monday July 16th.  There was plenty of parking.  We did not have to wait at all for a table.  In fact we were able to choose any open table we wanted to sit at.As I was trying to decide what to order, I was torn between ordering breakfast or lunch.  I think it says something positive about a restaurant when you look at the menu and there's five or six different items you want to order and they all sound delicious.  Well, this is exactly how I felt as I looked at TOD's menu.  I finally decided to order the grilled chicken wrap with roasted red peppers and mandarin oranges that was the Monday special (see pics).  My date ordered the Chicken Cesar Wrap.  She was torn between that and four or five other options as well.I will say, it seemed like it took a while for our meals to arrive.  But once they were placed in front of us...WOW!  The grilled chicken wrap that I ordered was stunning (see pics).  Its difficult for me to explain exactly how the succulent grilled chicken, roasted red peppers and mandarin orange all came together, because I have NEVER experienced a taste sensation such as this.  The cold slaw was unique and unlike any other cold slaw I've had.  It tasted liked it was made two minutes before being served to me.  It was the perfect combination of fresh, crunchy, cold, and sweet.  My date's Cesar Wrap was not quite as tasty, nor quite as unique, but still above par.  The service was super.  They have a sign that reflects their service policy.  It reads, "Every server is your server."  This was truly reflected in our lunch experience at TOD.  We were sat by one gentleman, drinks were served by different lady, food orders were taken by a different dude, and our meal was brought to us by yet a third guy.  Everyone we came in contact with was cool however.  No issues at all....kinda like that $20 you found in your pocket...I don't know how or when Toast arrived on the scene and I really don't care.  This place is damn good, and just like that $20 I found in my pocket, I'm keeping it, and I'm not asking any other questions.  I AM A FAN OF TOAST!
4	I really liked Toast! The service was excellent and despite having a pretty packed house they were able to accommodate us without any wait.I went with the lobster rolls which were delicious though light but I will say the cucumber salad lacked quite a bit. This salad was simply vinegar on cucumbers with dill...but the odd thing is it was served with a pickle spear on the side. Next time I'd choose a different side. My dad had the coconut pancakes which didn't taste very coco-nutty but they were nice and fluffy and served in a heaping stack. My mom had a pretty killer breakfast sandwich that she loved, and my boyfriend ate his meal ( I can't recall what it was).The sandwiches next to us looked fabulous, I will try the club next time. I'd definitely give Toast another shot, especially for lunch!
4	We have been to Toast multiple times and enjoy every time!!  We've tried omelets to french toast to the specials.  All Delish!!  Service is outstanding - there's always someone coming around to fill up your coffee cup.  It's definitely always full but not too bad of wait.
5	Toast Cafe in Dilworth is one of my new favorite spots for breakfast, lunch or brunch. I have enjoyed 4 meals here recently with tasty food and superior service. The prices aren't bad either. Toast also has a location in Davidson and a new Toast is set to open soon in Ballantyne. The menu is diverse yet simple, creative but not fussy. I really like the lobster roll - above - which is not something easy to find in the south. I also dig the omelets including the avocado omelet with bacon and parmesan - so delicious - and the complimentary cornbread and apple butter served during weekend brunch. I love that I can walk to Toast and that they are so busy - we recently waited about 30 minutes for brunch - hopefully this is a sign they will be around for a long time. I look forward to returning again soon to try even more items - if I can bear not to have my favorites!
4	We drove out to Toast this weekend and had some empty tummies just waiting to try the delicious looking food from their coupons. Tip for ya, if you go for brunch like we did... get there EARLY!!! It was crazy packed outside! But it was a gorgeous day and the way was truly about the length that they said it'd be. All the servers work together so service was fast and accurate. They were all courteous and the food was pretty tasty. My only thoughts are that for what you get it's a little pricey, but then again we are in Dilworth so I guess that's to be expected.They have some interesting choices, so I'll probably head back, but it's not at the top of my list. Maybe next time I need to go with something sweet instead of healthy. We all know healthy can be pretty boring. Hence why I still gave this place 4 stars. I got the turkey scramble and it just reminded me of something I could have made at home. It was eggs, cheese and turkey scrambled together with a cup of fruit and some toast. I was pretty jealous when I looked around and saw the mountains of pancakes and stuffed french toast. Ambiance was nice and lively, food was good, and it is just a nice way to start a Sunday.
3	I would give the serivce a solid 5 stars, the food 4 stars and value 3 stars. My wife and I visited Toast for the first time today for lunch. Having been huge fans of Las Ramblas, we were amazed by the transformation of the room. Nice job, Toast. My wife ordered a breakfast sandwich with a side of hashbrowns (really homefries in my opinion) and I ordered the Left Coast BLT (hold the brie). Service was quick, as was the kitchen. We were attended to by multiple servers throughout our experience there and all were very friendly. Our food arrived and my wife's sandwich arrived exactly how she ordered it and she said it was very good. Mine, however, arrived not toasted, despite being assured it would be toasted when I ordered it. OK, no problem, a minor hiccup which was corrected very quickly by the efficient waitstaff. I wished, however, that I had actually looked inside my sandwich before sending it back for the toasting. When it arrived back I bit in and realized it only had 2 slices of bacon on it. Now, I should mention, the menu price for this sandwich is $8.95. Seriously, 2 slices of bacon on a $9 sandwich billing itself as a BLT???I quickly got the attention of one of our wonderful servers and asked, "does this sandwich always come with only 2 slices of bacon?" Yes, he answered, and immediately offered me more bacon. Within a minute or a so, a plate arrived with 3-4 more slices of bacon. Now that is superior service...very impressive!! Still, with a 20% tip, this turned out to be a $30 lunch, for 2 sandwiches, 1 side of homefries (oops, hashbrowns), 1 mimosa and 1 sweet tea. That's pretty steep. Had it not been for that level of service, this would have been a 1 star review all the way.
5	There is nothing I like better than fantastic service with excellent food and that is what I got at Toast.  The decor is beautiful, the menu is excellent and the service is top notch! None of that "I'll find your waiter" because every member of the waitstaff is your waiter.  I'm looking forward to my next visit!
3	This restaurant definitely needs a second visit from me... I cannot say enough great things about the service. On the menu it says, Every Server is Your Server. Totally true. Super nice waitstff, bus staff, hosts ... and everyone is genuinely helpful and never looks put upon if you ask them a question as they walk by your table. We brought all four kiddos to breakfast so I was totally skeptical about the ability to leave unscathed - or at least not have patrons throwing things at us - but really the attentiveness of the waitstaff made this experience seamless.For food, this is almost a 4 simply because their array of GLUTEN-FREE items is unsurpassed in Charlotte. When I quietly asked about gluten-free options, the waiter rattled off a variety of options with ease. I wanted to cry when they asked if I wanted white or multi-grain toast with my breakfast. Toast is not something I have EVER been offered at a restaurant. Toast has gluten-free pancakes - they were so good that I thought maybe they made a mistake and gave my daughter the regular ones. Nope. They're just legitimately delicious. My other daughter ordered gluten-free French Toast. Yes. French Toast. Gluten-free. Delicious. As for the rest of the menu ... I ordered the southwest egg scramble off the specials - it was pretty good. What killed it for me was the cold hash browns piled on top. Had I opted to replace the hash browns with a side of fruit, my experience would have been totally different. The hashbrowns were simply large chunks of lightly seasoned potatoes. Even if they were hot, I doubt that I would have liked them. Thankfully, my 7 year old polished off his combo plate and gladly took my hash browns off my hands. Unfortunately, we also ordered a side of hash browns for the girls to share. Also very cold. Kind of a bummer. At the end of the day, the service was amazing, the food was pretty good, the gluten-free options were astounding, and our bill was $68 ... but only because it was too early for me to order a bloody. We will definitely be back - and hopefully I can give it a fourth star. The place was absolutely hopping so it appears that this place has legions of dedicated fans. I would love to become one of them... I'll try again!
4	Just ate breakfast here on Veterans Day, and it was pretty slow, so I think we lucked out since I've seen some long lines here on other days.  I was surprised to find that it's pretty big inside. I imagined it to be a little hole in the wall, but it's actually a huge place with inside and outside seating.  Not particularly interesting visually speaking, but you don't come to a place like this for the looks.As for the food, I went a little over the top with my selection.  They were having a special of Lobster Eggs Benedict, with I think Canadian Bacon underneath.  It was fantastic.  The lobster was fresh and savory, and the ham's saltiness complimented it well. It came with their version of hash browns which were really home fries. They were also really nicely done, with a lot of flavor, although what exactly they had in them I couldn't say, just that they were great. I did have a bit of my buddies pancakes, and they were a solid choice too, but I'm pretty sure he was jealous of my huevos.The service was quick and friendly too, and as others have commented, they do a team style service, which makes things faster, but I also think it takes away any chance you have of developing a friendliness with your server.  No complaints though, and I'll be back I'm sure for another visit to see what else they've got on the specials menu.
5	I tried Toast for the first time this past weekend and would definitely recommend it.  I came in for brunch with a friend, and yes, there was about a 15 minute wait, but they served us coffee in the meantime.  And they offer you corn bread and apple butter as soon as you're seated - a great start. It's a much bigger space than I expected, and they really efficiently take care of everyone with the team service.  Even though some other reviews have noted that you don't get to develop a relationship with the servers,  they were all incredibly friendly and helpful so it really didn't matter to me.  We got omelettes and a side of french toast and everything was great.  It was exactly what we wanted and served incredibly quickly but without rushing us.  I'll definitely be back.
5	A great Southern breakfast spot with quality grits, coffee, and biscuits & gravy. The wait staff was attentive and always on-point. For a couple of DCists searching for Southern comfort food reminders of our upbringing, this was an excellent choice.
4	We've been here twice for breakfast. We sit at the bar at the bar and the service has been very good as has the food - putting it on the rotation.
2	Tried a soup to start off with, what kind eludes me now but it was so salty I couldn't eat it. Tried giving it to my friend who puts extra salt on everything and she couldn't even eat it.Got the meatloaf and ended up not eating it due to it having a very strong mustard taste? Other's at the table tried it and agreed.  I will say this though, our waitress offered to take it off the check when she saw me not eating, and offered to get me something else. She acted like this wan't the first time someone didn't want the meatloaf and honestly acted a bit embarrassed about it.
4	A nice little breakfast placer that offers a variety of tasty gluten-free options. I was pleasantly surprised to see that they offered gluten-free french toast, which was very good. The place looks like it can get a bit crowded but don't let that stop you. Also saw a few people outside dogs which was cool.
4	Finally!  A restaurant that can make an omelet without browning it!  Great breakfast with great service.  Priced a little high, but still a winner.
4	I have lived within walking distance of this place for months and my first time was just a few weeks ago and I absolutely LOVED it!!!  I went with a friend of mine for brunch and was so happy with the atmosphere, the service, the food, and just my overall experience.  The second time I took some friends of mine for breakfast this past weekend and I was just as pleased.  The corn beef hash is to die for (ask for the country gravy on the side instead of the hollandaise!), the omelettes are wonderful, and their French toast!!!  AH!!!!  Definitely, a great place to start your day :)
4	Very great menu of breakfast and lunch fare, super service and prices reasonable.Went for lunch with 3 yr old grandson, wife and son.  They had been there prior and wanted me to have the experience.  It was difficult trying to choose just what I wanted to eat.  I narrowed it down to four items and finally settled on lobster rolls and a cup of soup.  Soups are made in-house and mine was a delicious blend of avacado. corn, and other things I forget but it was yummy.  Lobster roll was a pleasant surprise as they loaded the rolls with 3 ounces each of quality lobster.  All claws and arms.  They were so darn good I could not believe it.  And for $13 which I thought a deal.Coffee is nicely on the strong side, the way coffee should be and refills kept coming.You don't have "your" server but every server is your server and it works really well.  There were four servers and they worked seamlessly as a team.  And all were really friendly and not in a patronizing way, either.Hard floor, walls and ceiling made it a noisy experience, so not a place for romance or conversation.  A place to return a visit.
3	This place appeared to be mobbed when we went, but we sat instantly.  The environment (at least for Brunch) is pretty hectic.  We had good service, but we literally had a different server every time someone came to our table.In terms of food, the bacon was REALLY good, and ironically, the toast sucked...Anyway, I would come back here for brunch to get some more bacon and eggs for sure.  I would just try and avoid peak times.
1	Our family came to visit us from SF. We took them to Toast for brunch. The food was very good but our waitress Hilary was rude from the start. I don't understand how someone with that kind of attitude works in the food industry. When I asked her co-worker her name the first thing he asked was if she had been rude so this goes to show that she's like that all the time. She ruined our first visit to Toast needless to say that will be our last all because of Hilary. To the management, you should consider hiring a new waitress to take her place.
4	How have I managed to miss out on Toast for so long? I had bookmarked it after its ROTD for the longest time, but I've just not managed to make it over here at breakfast time. (Which is not to suggest that Toast is *only* breakfast!)At 10:00 in the morning, I was wanting something delicious. And since I can't go to the Flying Biscuit at the moment (don't ask - it's cool), I let my Yelp app bring me here instead. Not much of a crowd - three other tables had some folks at them. Some mommies at two, a business meeting at another. And me, a table of one.What to have? What to have? Eggs, of course. And toast, of course. What arrived a short while later was a mushroom and cheese omelet with two half slices of sour dough toast. The omelet was perfectly cooked and the toast was perfectly toasted, but to be honest, I was a little sad that a restaurant with the name of Toast only gave me a single slice that was cut in half. Sad face.Service was friendly and good. Plenty of good coffee. The wifi worked great and I sat there for a good 45 minutes until my battery ran down.I'll be back!
3	I recently moved to Charlotte from SoCal and I miss my favorite b-fast spots. I decided to try Toast, since I live really close. I had "the runner " It was good, but didn't love it. I enjoyed their black coffee and the free corn bread was awesome, not used to having that in California. I would definitely come back again any try their French toast. :-)
4	I went to Toast expecting an average breakfast, but they exceeded my expecations. I ordered the stuffed strawberry french toast  (delicious). I appreciated that the french toast was not soggy. The managers were friendly.
5	Best brunch food around. Wait is usually a little long on Saturdays but food is worth it. Unique breakfast items as well as old favorites.
5	sooo good!
5	What a fine breakfast destination. They also serve lunch and, but I love the breakfast. I've been looking for the perfect little breakfast spot and Toast is definitely high on the list. It's very cute and quiet. Wonderful if you can go when it's not crowded. They have indoor and outdoor seating. I got a little corner all to myself where the windows open to the outside. They serve breakfast all day so I got the "combo". The flapjacks...my friends, they were amazing!!!! The combo comes with one flapjack or french toast with eggs and bacon. They have a variety of stuffed french toast and flapjacks. I decided on the banana nut flapjack with scrambled eggs + cheddar and turkey bacon. The best "flapjack" ever! Big pieces of fresh banana and crunchy pecans. It was big enough to cover the center of the plate but not huge. Just enough to make me full. Perfect breakfast for under $10!
1	The culinary world is a beast and extracts a high price to those who work in the field. It is full of long hard thankless hours pressed into service cooking to the masses. As a cook, you feel very much like Charlton Heston in Ben Hur, rowing on a galley ship awaiting the slave-master's lash or death. It is a feeling I am oh so familiar with thus, I am sympathetic to the plight of the line cook. Anyone who has worked in the hospitality field knows that there are three NEVERS:1) You never know when your guess will show up2) You never know what they will order3) You never know how much they will eat.Any good General Manger, Owner, Kitchen Manger, Chef or Line Cook will tell you that. These are some of the fundamentals which will help you plan for a successful dining experience and help you to have return customers.I am glutton for punishment. There I admitted it; that is why I play the lottery hoping some day I will ensure my good fortune and never have to work again. I, however, am not a glutton for punishment when it comes to dining. This could either be from a hip new food truck to an old pedigreed established restaurant. If the food is poorly done I most likely won't be back. This bring us to my latest dining adventure. Being still new to Charlotte we have asked for tips on where to find good food and have found most everyone loves Toast Cafe http://www.toasthousecafe.com/.This well loved family staple has been serving the Charlotte area for years. I am trying to understand why? Okay, I may be sounding like a soulless elitists from California picking on the the natives of Charlotte but, rest assured, friends this is not the case. My wife and I first tried Toast Cafe shortly after we first arrived here in Charlotte. We where pleasantly surprised by the quality of food and service from Toast Cafe. However on two other occasions our hopes have been dashed. Poor service and even poorer food was to be found in abundance when we took an out of town guess with us to Toast Cafe before the holidays on a busy Sunday morning.Hoping that this was an "off day", we where willing to let things slide . Retuning today knowing on a slower day with fewer patrons amassing like a barbarian hordes we where sure that no mistakes would be possible. Right? Wrong!How can you over cook toast and serve it cold with piping hot eggs and under cooked, cold hash browns? Or serve luke warm mushroom soup with an ice cold, semi-toasted meatloaf sandwich? This was after waiting 20 minutes for food that couldn't have had more than 8 minutes of prep on a slow day?The General Manger did comp the meal so that was something I guess. Yes I maybe a glutton for punishment but, I am not stupid. Like Charlton Heston in Ben Hur, I will be watching the slave-master go down with his ship.
4	Stopped at this place after a productive morning at J Majors Bridal boutique next door. The place was nice and clean. Service was prompt. They are reasonably priced and have a great selection. Me being from NY expected some good southern brunch kinda cooking. And it was real good.
5	Me and my guys' favorite place for breakfast! Shout out to Ryan for always providing great service. See ya soon!
4	Overall, great brunch spot with LOTS of gluten free options!A few facts about me... I love brunch... a lot... It's my favorite meal of the day. I just moved to Charlotte and I've been searching for my brunch spot. I've recently adopted a gluten free diet... which sucks because i LOVE things that have gluten... like toast... Enter Toast of Dilworth... There was a short wait to get a table... We grabbed some coffee from the bar for our wait. The coffee was nice and strong. It was a gorgeous day out so we stood outside and soaked up the sun. We were seated at the bar because we were ok with the first available option. We had three or four different people waiting on us, which was ok with me. I always had a full cup of coffee :) The orange juice was quite tasty. The spicy scramble was good. A nice blend of flavors with a bit of a kick. I enjoyed my cinnamon raisin gluten free toast. It was nicely toasted and not gross and dense (like a lot of other gluten free breads). Looking forward to returning!
4	Toast is quickly becoming my go-to brunch place. Solid food, wait is never terribly long, which is a huge plus. Prices are very fair. If you are trying to have a fancy brunch, maybe consider another place, but for a great brunch to start off the weekend is style, this place is a must.
3	After going to the Ballantyne location (and being completely unimpressed), I walked into Toast of Dilworth a while back with a friend for some Sunday brunch action. (Yes, brunch, my favorite meal, word and idea.)The food was fine, and I think I ended up with a mimosa-like drink (but maybe they were out of OJ?). I appreciate the wealth of vegetarian and GF options for those who need them. Service was good, and the place was packed when we walked in, well after noon. It's a very popular restaurant for the Mahs Pahk and Dilworth folks. So after waiting for about half an hour, we were finally seated.So why only 3 stars? It's just not that memorable. But it will do in a pinch!
4	Had an absolutely fabulous Cobb salad for brunch--one of the best Cobb's I've ever had (that might sound like faint praise, but they're harder to do well than you might think).  The vinaigrette was superb.  Definitely coming back.  The service was quick, even for Sunday brunch, and we only had to wait 20 minutes for a table.  Loved it!
4	We caught the tail-end of their Sunday brunch. There were a few items that were sold out, but luckily the ones we wanted were still available. I got the egg white burrito with brie, fresh salsa, and avocados. The combo was A+! I asked our waiter to go light on the brie since I'm slightly intolerant to dairy, and my request was well noted. Thanks :) He got the southwest scramble, which was also a hit. And it came with a side of fresh fruit.Very reasonable price and fresh, delicious food! I wasn't super impressed with the atmosphere, but it was appropriate for a laid-back Sunday brunch. I liked that their brunch cocktails were around $6. I didn't get to partake this time around, but I will definitely be back to try them.
5	The waiter helped me with healthy options on the menu! I was so happy to find that the healthy options were also very satisfying. I went on a Saturday mid morning I thought i was in a JCrew commercial this crowd is very posh and stylish. So i felt right at home =) Great place to enjoy  great food. The mimosa's are really good too!!!
4	Another breakfast favorite of mine - Toast of Dilworth provides great food and outstanding service.  Food is always prepared in an efficient and timely manner and the results are exceptional!  I love their stuffed strawberry french toast as well as their eggs benedict.  Their food just taste so fresh and amazing.  Highly recommended!
5	Toast has always treated me and my family right. Whenever my parents visit from out of state, they end up breakfasting here EVERY MORNING, and with good reason - everything is delicious! Bacon is thick and flavorful, and easily ordered to your liking (I.e. extra crispy, please!) Egg dishes are also good, but to my mind, the real star of the menu is the pancakes. The pancakes are highly-customizable...while there are a few specific versions offered on the menu, the servers explained to me that you can get them with any mix of ingredients that you prefer. My favorite? Banana + blueberry, yo! Always piping hot, full of your desired mix-ins, super fluffy and served with REAL maple syrup.On one earlier visit, the kitchen did make a mistake and sent out my banana pancakes with nuts included (before I knew they'd put whatever you want in, I used to order the banana nut pancakes sans nuts). A server came by and noticed that I was picking the nuts out (which, it should be noted, were fresh and plentiful in number), and *insisted* on having the kitchen make me a new batch, correctly - even though I hadn't brought up the issue or made any big fuss. I thought that was pretty great customer service (also noted: my replacement 'cakes came out lightning fast). I also reeeeally like the 'every server is your server' policy.Seriously, Toast - thanks for all the noms.
4	Great brunch!
3	The food here is dependable - I always try to order off of the special menu of the day because the ingredients they use there are unique! The omelets are great, eggs Benedict is always good, especially if they have the smoked salmon version, and the french toast is reliably good. The coffee is a little bit weak however, and it would be nice if they offered cappuccinos or espresso drinks. The wait on the weekend is god awful unless you arrive before ten. On Sundays, alcohol isn't served until noon, thanks North Carolina, but if you do go for a later brunch - order the Bloody Mary. I think it's the one of best in Charlotte. Seriously.
5	This was my second time here in two weeks. My first experience was not my choice, it was a group lunch. However, I got a standard Chicken Caesar Wrap and fruit and I was definitely pleased.  My second visit, this location was my restaurant of choice. I decided to try breakfast.  French Toast and Bacon. I mean you can't go wrong when bacon is in the equation.  The Cinnamon Raisin French Toast was a treat in itself. Not only could you taste the raisins, but the bread wasn't soggy (which you can easily get with French Toast).  The bacon wasn't greasy or too fatty. You could taste the actual bacon. Since, I work uptown, this is a great location less than 15 min. to have a quick bite for lunch. I would definitely go here again.
3	I came here with Jennifer C. while on lunch one day because I am in love with breakfast. When she suggested it I looked at their menu and saw my favorite breakfast food biscuits and gravy. One thing about me, I am a biscuits and gravy connoisseur. I have had them everywhere possible, and am on a mission to find the best biscuits and gravy around. Since they only have it as a side I also ordered some bacon, thinking that it might be a small portion, like maybe only 1 biscuit. I was wrong, it was definitely 2 large biscuits. Plenty of food. The only problem was I didn't get my bacon. After 15 minutes the waiter came over and noticed, but by this point I had decided I didn't need the bacon. He asked if I wanted it, in which I said no, it was fine. He then said "but I already charged you for it". I gave him a look and he said reluctantly that he could take it off. Thanks? The gravy wasn't my favorite. It was buttery or greasy, or something and brown. Not a big fan of brown gravy for breakfast foods. Brown gravy goes on dinner foods. (Did I mention I was raised in the South?)I was also able to get a mimosa, a $5 special which was very good. Overall, I would give them another go, just not the biscuits and gravy. Maybe stuffed french toast?
4	Toast!  I've heard about this place for a while and finally got a chance to try it.  I was pretty impressed, I must say.  We pulled into the strip mall-ish location at about 9:15 and we must have timed it perfectly because we were immediately seated.  By the time we were getting ready to leave, there was quite a line out the door.  So, word to the wise, get there early!The menu had a lot of your standard breakfast/brunch things, but it also had some more unique items that you won't find at your standard breakfast joint.  I really liked that they had a few options that incorporated the wonderful avocado.  There was also a tasty looking smoked salmon dish, and the French toast looked pretty awesome as well.  I, however, didn't go with any of those things.  I got the Runner (egg white omelet with turkey, peppers, brie, and mushrooms).  It was really good and left me feeling satisfied but not stuffed.  It came with toast (hence the name of the place) and grits.  I love me some good grits, and these were done right!  The prices were pretty reasonable, most of the meals were in the 8-10 dollar range.  They had $5 Bloody Mary's and mimosas as well.  All in all, this place met my expectations and it will be on my shortlist of go-to brunch places in Charlotte.
4	Toast is a great place for breakfast in the heart of Dillworth. I was happy to learn that you can bring you dog with you to the outside seating area.Wait staff is very attentive and the breakfast menu is different then what you normally see. I tried the eggs and salmon, it was pretty darn good. There are other things on the menu I will want to try.I sat at the bar and was quickly adopted into the local crowd.
4	I went here with a friend for breakfast.  Both of us must eat gluten-free, so that's why we chose this spot.  We were quite happy with our choice!  The GF french toast was great, though the GF flapjack was a little bland...  They also offer GF bread for sandwiches.  We sat outside, which is best, as the inside can be pretty noisy.  Will definitely go back!
4	We tried Toast this morning for the first time and thoroughly enjoyed it!  The food was much better than I had expected and the service was courteous and speedy (the "every server is your server policy was interesting).  The only knock against I can say is the check was kind of slipped in without either of us noticing it!
4	Toast was the perfect place to take our out of town guests. The staff perfectly accommodated their squirmy two year old and helped Mom keep her happy with small cups and a single pancake. Frequent beverage refills helped us focus on our conversation. While we stuck to the avocado and bacon omelets today, there were many varieties of French toast (peanut butter and banana!) that will bring us back. And with fast service and dependably brewed coffee at the ready, why not?
4	We went for the peanut butter and banana stuffed French toast. The bread was like thick white bread and left something to be desired. We're used to natural peanut butter so this tasted different. Not bad though. Good service.
3	I had the bacon cheeseburger. While it was definitely fresh, it wasn't for me. I'll give it three stars now but that could easily go to a four next time around if I like something else. The mimosa was refreshing
2	I had lunch some time ago at the Toast in Davidson and thought it was wonderful. So, I was excited to try the Dilworth location. Needless to say, I was very disappointed. I ordered a quiche that in reality was more like a frittata - no crust! It was very runny and I could barely taste any eggs. I asked to substitute my side for fruit, the waiter forgot and then the person who brought out my food seemed annoyed when I asked for it. The best part of my breakfast was the OJ!
1	I know a lot of people that really like this place so have been many times but just don't understand it.  I'm admittedly not a big breakfast fan - which is certainly their focus - but I've tried almost everything on their lunch menu and a few things on their breakfast menu and have just never had anything very good.  At this point, the only thing I will order is a side of fruit and an English muffin.Their specials do often sound interesting but have always disappointed me.  There's often a wait on weekend morning, but they do a good job getting people in quickly, especially if you have a smaller party.  The location in Dilworth is also a positive.
2	It's hard to mess up breakfast, so we both decided to try toast based on the reviews. Unfortunately Toast didn't live up to our expectations.Seating was a breeze and service was quick. Nice location and clean place.What could have been great was pretty boring. We both noticed the smaller serving of what could best be described as eating at home for us and lack appearance. Except my husband who usually makes breakfast knows how to season the food. His eggs benedict is much better. With salt and pepper in hand after tasting- I immediately went to work adding flavor to my meal. Everything was pretty bland and lacked any seasoning. Dark dark coffee which we both didn't care for. Expensive too for us we would have paid a lot less elsewhere- Even at our hotel buffet breakfast. Truly sad as they only serve breakfast and lunch- and we had high hopes for this place
2	Sub-par at best. We had the Eggs Benedict and the hash and neither were impressive, in fact both were very bland.  We also had to wait for 20 minutes to get a table. This place is not worth what they are charging for the food or the service.
5	I went to Toast on Sunday with my husband and parents. We got there before 10, so we didn't have any wait......though, keep in mind that there is usually a wait on Sundays. I always order the breakfast there. I mean, the place is called Toast, so breakfasts seems their specialty!-My husband and I split the avocado omelet and one pumpkin spice pancake. I love splitting meals here because their portions are pretty large. Plus, they give you each your own smaller omelet with sides too! The omelet was delicious as usual, filled with avocado! The pumkin spice pancake was just ok.....maybe a little dry-My dad or dered scrambled eggs and a blueberry pancake. He said it was very good.-My mom ordered the crepes special of the day with some kind of filling. She kept raving about how good it was!-I love the coffee at Toast!Food is excellent and prices are decent. Perfect start to our morning!
4	Wo! Tasty burgers, good gluten free options, great local beer selection. Power went out 3/4 thru diner (BIG thunderstorm).  No hassle next to the window, but comp'd a bunch of our meal anyway.
4	Great western omelet! Hash browns are great and I would definitely recommend the cinnamon raison bread and raspberry jelly! Service was A+ as well, coffee never ran dry.
5	This place is such a gem.  I love their brunch and look forward to whatever specials they've got cooked up.  My favorite is the Turkey Scramble.  They do a great job with providing healthy options and plenty of variety.  I recently tried the Sweet Potato Hash which was also delish.  You can't go wrong here.  The food and service are consistently great!
3	I got the country Benedict but I switched out the ham with sausage. It was absolutely amazing. I will come back just for that. The rest of what we got was just okay. The home fries look like they are seasoned well but labeled any flavor. The stuffed french toast sounded better than it was. We got the peanut butter and banana. The peanut butter over powered the French toast so much that it tasted more like a peanut butter and banana sandwich with maple syrup.
3	We had breakfast at Toast the day after Thanksgiving. The entire staff were on their A game.  We were seated immediately, had coffee within moments. Food is what you'd expect, just plain good American breakfast.
3	A cute breakfast spot with the standard breakfast options.The wait wasn't too bad - about 10 minutes. It was very cozy inside and there are lots of tables. I wasn't overly impressed with the meal.Eggs, hash browns (which are more like large breakfast potatoes) and turkey bacon. We also got one of the specials "Holiday French Toast" and it was way too sweet. My friend got the biscuits and gravy - and she said that was really good. I didn't try it, but it looked like way too much sauce for my taste.I am saying A-OK because there was nothing wrong with it really. I just wasn't overwhelmed or impressed particularly.  I will probably try it again and see if I like something else better from the menu - maybe some bennys or a quiche.I will update again next time.
4	Cute breakfast/brunch spot with a nice, open atmosphere.I came here around 8am, and there wasn't really a wait, we we got seated quickly.I had seen some reviews and pictures of a Lobster Egg Benedict, so I was really excited to try that dish. But when I got there, they didn't have that as an option. :( I ended up getting the Cali Benny (I'm a Cali girl, I had to!), which came with avocado and tomato. It was very fresh and yummy, and a good alternative to what I was originally craving. It also came with some breakfast potatoes, which were also good.Service was great - everyone was super friendly!
4	Brunch, brunch, brunch. It was a surprise to find a place on a Monday that served breakfast after 1PM (I think we went around 2), but it was MLK Day and it felt like a Sunday to me. So anyway, cute place... we were seated by the window and didn't have a wait. Woohooo! Open space, yet cozy interior. I ordered the Cali Benny- love that hollandaise sauce, even better with avocado- which was delicious. Fresh and not ridiculously filling. I also tried the banana-peanut butter pancakes, which were interesting as well. Toast is a pretty solid spot, so I'll definitely be back.Oh- and as we left, we asked for a coffee to go- the very nice employee gave us a complimentary cup, so naturally we left him a couple of dollars as a thank-you.
3	Ate here on a cold winter day. Very crowded and rather noisy.  Lots of cold draft from the ever-opening and closing front door.  Wait staff was very good.  They got the orders in and out in spite of the large amount of people.  Got the eggs Florentine.  The eggs were well cooked, but it came with a glob of home fries that lacked seasoning.  My cohort had the Crab Benedict.  Eggs were well prepared except they didn't drain the eggs well enough and the crab cake below was soggy. The meal came with stale, cold cornbread in a plastic bowl - how charming.  The coffee was great though.  The biggest disappointment came last - the bill.  This place is overpriced.  I can say that they do have the basics down and with a little more attention to detail, this place could be great.  Won't be in a big hurry to go back, but if I'm in the area I might try them again.
3	The food was average, service was terrible, waiter gave us the check when the food came out and never came back, had to go up to the counter to get a refill ofCoffee to drink with my meal, also I wasn't able to get any jelly for my toast since the waiter never came back, with a name like toast you wouldn't expect that
4	The black bean burger wrap is amazing!
4	It's a good place to eat... Sometimes the food is great, sometimes it's ok. The atmosphere is nice and very homely.
3	The food is great! We love going for brunch. The only problem is the service is awful. I have eaten here twice and both times the service left much to be desired. It took a while to take our order and no drink refills were offered.  The food came out fast once the waitress took our order.
4	I came, I saw, I toasted. If you love breakfast food, then Toast is the spot to be. They do their breakfast and brunch menus right. You want eggs? Sure, we can do them in 20 different ways, how would you like yours? You like pancakes? We like pancakes too and will gladly serve it to you in one of several flavors if you manage to make up your mind on which. Come on an empty stomach because their job is to fill it. Fun facts: They call their pancakes flapjacks. And their breakfast line on the weekdays is a mere pop in and sit down compared to their wrap-around-the-corner line for brunch on weekends. Toast, I toast you for becoming my new favorite brunch spot in town.
3	We came on a Sunday and had a little bit of a wait (~10-15 min) for the 10:30AM timeframe, which isn't bad when can start to catch up with friends on a nice day. As a first-timer perusing the menu, nothing stood out to me as a "must-have" as the items were traditional breakfast and some regular sandwiches. I opted for the base food items of: scrambled eggs, bacon, and french toast to see how well they do the basics.  Maybe this was the problem as they were just OK.  Nothing special but they were all cooked well.  I've also had better cornbread, but that's free here, so doesn't move the needle.  I also chose the gluten-free french toast among a few items where you can choose between that or regular, for no extra cost.  Thank you for that Toast!  My brunchmates got various scambles which you can get at most similar restaurants.  The Runner would have been my next choice though (turkey, brie, egg whites, mushrooms).The service was also just ok, as we sat outside but we didn't feel rushed to leave as I'm sure we were holding our table longer than normal.  It was so 'not rushed' that nobody ever came to pick up the check and payment, until we had to flag someone down.  Maybe we were there so long our server ended their shift..I would come back just for the brunching with friends experience, not necessarily to try the rest of the menu.
5	Tofu omelette was amazing! Quick service from the bar. Forgot alcohol sales didn't begin until 12 PM on Sundays...
5	Always a brunch favorite!
2	My girlfriend and I usually eat breakfast in, we decided to go out for a late breakfast the other day and she suggested we'd have a good breakfast at Toast. I could have been more disappointed. I'm not much a bread eater so I went for an omelet, it came out cold and I had to have it remade. Even warm it was rather lackluster for the price. I told her I'd consider giving it another chance, but I'd much rather go to one of my favorite breakfast place.To be fair, I tried some of my girlfriend's Avocado omelet and it was better than mine and didn't come out cold. My omelet was the Usual and I don't recommend it.
3	Breakfast reviewAlways have a decent meal and attentive service. Could be a little cleaner. Gum on my chair. Tables not cleared in a timely fashion around ours. It was not busy so this should have been easy to accomplish. Will not stop me from coming back.
3	Solid breakfast with a decent menu selection, although it's a bit odd you can't build your own omelette. I went with the combo with French toast, an egg, and sausage patties. Good, but not great. An expensive breakfast in my opinion.
4	This is a wonderful little brunch spot but it is so popular.  We went on a Sunday afternoon at around 11.  We had a 6 people in our party, so we called for reservations, they dont take these.  Ick.  So, we got there and i was surprised they offered valet.  A nice touch, especially for this part of town.  The wait was 45 minutes to an hour and no room at the bar/inside.  We waited outside and found they had a complimentary coffee bar and cornhole!  Very nice touches!  There were a mix of tables inside and outside and when we were seated we got one of the nice outside tables.  The food was great.  I had the runner omlet which was packed full of veggies and turkey meat.  One thing to note here is that service is what they call team service.  So most of the time you don't have just one server, you can have numerous servers and they all treat you as if you are their table.  This service can have pros and cons, but mostly we felt taken care of from everyone.  They know their clientele and definetly deliver in food and atmosphere.  I loved this place and will be back before long!
4	Toast is a lovely casual and good breakfast spot. It is a pretty typical breakfast/brunch menu but there are tons of options and something for everyone. No matter what food mood I am in, I know that Toast will deliver. On top of that, my food is always great. I have had everything from the french toast, to pancakes, omelets, breakfast sandwiches, benedicts, and just simple a la carte items and I have never been unhappy with my meal. I wouldn't say its my favorite breakfast spot or that I ever crave it but I will never argue going there if thats where others would like to go. The service is always quick and friendly but one thing that can sometimes be a bother is what day and time you go - I have waited an hour and I've also walked right in. The food is great though and its a very convenient location so its definitely worth a trip!
4	There's a guy outside dressed up like a piece of toast. How could you not like this place?!The key phrase you must remember if you want to have brunch here: arrive early. They do not take reservations. Expect a wait. However, it's not so bad. Toast has a complimentary coffee bar (cute little paper cups) and cornhole outside. The place is hopping. Diverse crowd. Kids, families, boozy brunchers, dogs of all kinds.Our group of seven arrived at 10AM Sunday. The wait for us was only around ten minutes. We were seated outside on the patio. Beautiful day for brunch outside.I debated forever on my order. Basically, I fought with myself over which version of eggs benedict to get. Come on, there's nothing better than cutting into a soft poached egg and watching the delicious drizzle. I finally landed on the Cali Benny: Poached Eggs, Avocado, Tomato, English Muffin & Hollandaise. Great sauce. It came with a side of potatoes. I'm usually not the biggest fan of home fries, but these were seasoned and yummy. Didn't even need ketchup or hot sauce. I ate everything on my plate.Quite possibly my favorite thing about this place: you pay at the counter. Think about it. When you go to brunch, you usually have to split your check up a bunch of different ways. Takes time for a server to do that, close everyone out. Here, you just take your check and go straight to the cashier. Makes turnover time for tables quicker.I'm definitely a fan. If I can ever get my crew going by 10am, this is the place we'll hit up for some breakfast goodness. Now if only we could get the state of North Carolina to serve me a mimosa before noon on a Sunday....
4	I have been here couple of times on weekends. Not easy to get a quick seat. There is always a wait time. Service gets choppy sometimes,on weekends because of the crowd. But this is not a deal breaker for me.Food is amazing. I ordered Runner Omelette multiple times. The roasted potatoes with seasoning on the side is a must. Don't miss it. I will come back as many times as I can. Nice place to start your weekend for breakfast or brunch.
4	I love this place, while my husband is not impressed Download Valpak APP for the buy one get one half off coupon. I personally dislike seeing coupons like that and would prefer lower prices. This place is pricey with plates running $10 to $14 (breakfast)
4	First time at Toast and I will definitely be back.  Got there before church let out and sat out on the patio.  Server was attentive and ready to take our order. My girl had the corned beef hash and eggs. Excellent hash, homemade goodness.  Every bite I had I kept saying "that is great hash". I had the avocado omelette. Bacon, tomatoes, and just a hint of orange. Very tasty.  The sausage gravy was awesome too. No complaints here.  My girl wants to make it a regular spot.  Jut have to get there early before church lets out on Sunday because like every other good brunch place, this one had quite a wait by the time we were leaving.
4	I've been looking for a great breakfast place in Charlotte for years. I found a lot of good ones but not so many great ones. This place comes really close.
2	Recent visits to Toast; food has been "so so". I'm posting this review mainly for the staff service. We had a party of (7) from out of town, and 90% of the staff appeared unwelcoming and inhospitable. A question about how the hash browns were cooked was met with frowns instead of figuring out how to correct the "problem". For the poor service alone, we will no longer patronize this location (the food at the Davidson location is great!).
4	We were driving and just happen to see the Toast Mascot out on the corner. So we decided to stop by and check it out. I'm so glad we did. Toast of Dilworth is small restaurant that serve a great menu. I'm a fan of their stuffed French toast. Based on the line that there every weekend(kind of reminds me of the Portlandia Brunch Episode) they have a loyal following. If you haven't been you much go.
5	Took my friend to my ultimate fav for breakfast! I think he loves this place now as much as I do :) Keep up the great work
4	Get there early on Sunday morning to beat the crowd.  Toast provides coffee while you do wait!!!!
4	Amazing breakfast food. A little pricey but the food is definitely fresh and very tasty! The service is great, fast and attentive. Family friendly.
3	Cool brunch spot for the weekends (do they actually do anything else like lunch or dinner? Hmmm). At least on the weekends, be prepared for a long wait and bad service. The staff looks as if it was almost a surprise that it's the weekend and may be busy. They are either understaffed or simply not trained and can't keep up. The food is good - good meaning solid, not exceptional. The guy dressed up like a piece of Toast dancing around sort of gives you a weird vibe, but hey if they need the business at least they are going at it on a creative angle. There are a lot of families/kids - the acoustics are not exactly a quiet place to grab some coffee. All that said, I'm a big fan of local restaurants and staying away from the chains. Give it a shot. If they can up the service game, there might be something here.
5	The food is delicious and the atmosphere was great. They bring a basket of cornbread and delicious apple butter for you to eat while you wait on your meal.  We had the avocado omelette and it was wonderful.
4	Great atmosphere to enjoy a Sunday brunch! Wait was not bad they will text you when table is ready. Portion vs price ratio was good. We had fresh orange juice and coffee, banana nut flapjacks and the Mr. Had eggs Benedict with delicious hash browns! Will definitely be back again.
5	Great place, great service, great food. This was my first time here for brunch and I previously yelped it beforehand so I knew what I wanted the lobster eggs Benedict. I didn't see the item on the menu and asked our waiter about it and was told it was a weekend special item which was totally fine because I wanted to try other items as well that was on the menu but the waiter was nice enough to go back to the kitchen to see if they can make it happen and that was really sweet of him. Hashbrowns are delicious and the flapjacks are so good and fluffy. Overall great first experience
1	Ordered the sunrise burrito and bit into the top of an avocado (the hard, round part). When I told the server, his response was "It happens." Um, it's not supposed to. I did not finish my burrito because I was so grossed out. I usually love Toast but I'll be taking my business elsewhere.
5	Great find! Its clean a large restaurant well organized food was excellent staff too will definately go here again soon thanks yelp for helping me find this place. Grits were the best ive eaten in charlotte
5	Impeccable food and  service. This is my go to brunch spot in Charlotte.  On the menu it tells you every server is your server and that is so true!  The staff is wonderful. I love their specials. They are constantly bringing new seasonal flavors and dishes. I've been to several of their restaurants and they all are equally awesome.
5	Brought a friend from out of town here for breakfast on a Sunday and while it was busy, we were able to find a seat at the bar.  The food was excellent, I had the Avocado Omelette, and she had the Left Coast BLT (Being from CA she had to try it).We were both not disappointed.  The food was excellent, and the servers were all very nice.  Will definately be back again.
3	Went back at the request of my girlfriend. Better experience, avoided the omelets this time and got the quiche, it was good. I'd be okay with going here once in a while. Still not sure why it's a favorite with a few of my friends.
1	I normally love coming to Toast, and consider it my go-to breakfast spot. However, my side of fruit order came today and included moldy fruit. They took the fruit away but didn't offer a replacement. I want to continue supporting the restaurant but wish the staff and management would have at least asked about our experience, or offer a place on their website to discreetly provide feedback.
4	Stopped in for Sunday brunch. Bloody Mary was very tasty!  Ordered Cali Benny with Canadian ham (extra). It was delicious.  Definitely coming back!
3	I came here on a Saturday morning. It was packed! We had to wait for 20 mins but it wasn't a waste of time.
5	Great little place for brunch. The line was out the door so we figured it had to be worth the wait. Had the combos with french toast and eggs. Food was great and service was friendly and quick. Highly recommended!
5	This is my favorite brunch spot in Charlotte! The cornbread and apple butter are a welcomed starter and they have the best fresh-tasting scrambled eggs.  I have tried the crepes with berries which were great (a special one weekend), as well as a number of egg dishes, and have never been disappointed!Sometimes there is a wait, but it is never too long and I think definitely worth it.
5	As a brunch enthusiast, I take Sundays very seriously. Last Sunday, boyfriend and I went to Toast and it was awesome. We broke the cardinal brunch rule and went right as church got out, but the wait wasn't bad and the patio section is nice and great for people watching. My dude ordered the corned beef hash and got a side of pancakes and I ordered the potato latkes and sausage. Every server in Toast is "your server" so we always had full drinks and everyone was crazy nice. The wait for the food was pretty short, especially since the restaurant was slammed. My potatoes were super cold, and our main server was incredibly sweet and prompt, took care of it immediately and the manager brought me my fresh plate personally and even discounted my bill! It wasn't a huge deal, but they made sure that everything was perfect for us. They take their dining experience seriously, and it shows. The latkes were delicious. They came with creme fraiche and apple sauce and I ate every bite. I also ate all of my boyfriend's pancake while I was waiting on my food. It might have been the best pancake I've ever had. So fluffy and sweet. Toast rules, and it's decently priced.
2	Loud. Busy. And cold corn bread are the most memorable mentions. The cornbread  is served to everyone. It's a great idea, but just warm it a little. And that Sunrise Breakfast Burrito... Well, it was made by a caucasian. It lacked Mexican taste altogether. My server was extremely well mannered and kind which was a nice reprieve from the stressful loudness.
1	I will never eat at this racist, culturally insensitive restaurant again in my life. As a woman of color, I was subjected to demoralizing comments by a White patron on 12/21 and the managers did not diffuse the situation-instead they allowed this individual to "jump" into two of my friends faces which made us feel totally uncomfortable. Further this patron called my friends and I "nigga" on two separate occasions in front of management-never in my life have I or my friends been called a nigga. I'm totally upset and hurt by the situation. Additionally, the food is bland and not that good. #notaplaceforpeopleofcolor
4	I've heard of toast a few times on the radio while driving to school in the morning and so today was the day I thought I'd try it out. It had a beautiful open concept restaurant and I had the New Yorker. It was delicious though I somewhat regret the fruit since its December. My only suggestion is a better coffee bean used because as a breakfast place I think coffee should be extra special. Good for brunch, the woman accross from me had a Bloody Mary that looked great. I wish I lived much closer because Id go here often. Try it out!
4	First off, they have a full bar and imho that is one of the most important requirements for a weekend breakfast! Great Bloody Mary and yummy mimosa with a generous amount of champagne. It's a huge building with a good size bar for single diners like myself and lots of patio tables for sunny days. I had the country Benedict and the biscuit was nice and soft even though I came a bit late for brunch (1p) the country ham on it was a bit salty but I always forget that is the nature of "country ham". Service was fantastic and even though everything came out quite fast it was hot and fresh and definitely hadn't been just sitting in the window waiting for me! Did I mention they have a full bar?! Will definitely be back!
3	I rated Toast a three star since I usually enjoy this restaurant but my experience today was absolutely terrible.  My husband and I brought two friends from out of the country and we were excited to show them one of our favorite brunch spots.  Being New Years day, I knew it would be busy but didn't expect to receive the terrible service and experience that we received today.  After waiting patiently for over an hour and 15 minutes (we were quoted 45 min.) we were seated to be greeted by a VERY nude waitress.  We asked to order our food with our drinks and were told (with an eye roll) that it wouldn't help our food come out faster so no need to do that.  We learned that several items we wanted were no longer available (they were out of them).  When our meals showed up with even different sides than we ordered we were then told more items were also "out".  It would have been nice to have been given another option besides them picking something else to bring out.  No servers ever came back by (literally during the entire meal) and  no one ever stopped by to apologize for the issues with our meal.  We are all very laid back people but this was not an experience I wanted to give to new friends experiencing Toast for the first time.  All restaurants have bad moments but this was really disappointing to me. I won't be back.
1	Went here a few times and thought was a decent breakfast spot (not great but pretty good).  This past time, our server was rude, the manager had attitude with us when a meal did not come with toast that was supposed to and we requested it, one meal was cold (they did replace and take off the bill) and a meal I had previously enjoyed was bad as well.  Wont go again.  Would rather head to Poppy's or Zada Janes.
2	This is the 3rd time at Toast and I can definitely say I won't be going back. Here is the lowdown on my thoughts:Service - 2 starsBloody Mary - 1 star (mix is awful)Chicken wrap- 4stars.... Lots of chicken in that wrap, had service been better to have sauces - it would have been much better Others breakfast were rated around 2-3 stars... We were w a group of 6Wouldn't go back, so many other great places
2	There is one thing that you need for good food. This location did not have it. Flavor. It's absolutely hard to create a dish without flavor. I'm disappointed. Greatly. The hollandaise sauce tasted like air! Not coming back.
4	Stopped here to try Saturday Brunch.  The cornbread/apple butter they give you as a start is sooooo good!  I couldnt get enough of it.  I had the Cali Benny, which was great!  The eggs were cooked perfectly, and they gave you more than enough avocado.  I love a place that doesnt skimp on the avocado.  I got the hashbrowns for a side, they were very tasty and well seasoned.  They are more of a potato hashbrowns.  A friend I was dining with is vegan, and they were very accommodating to her dietary restrictions.  She ordered the Tofu Omelet with no eggs, and she loved it.  Her side of fruit looked very fresh.  Overall a great meal.
