5	Awesome Custom work!!  I've had 2 rings custom made, both turned out exactly how I wanted.  The 1st ring, I had quotes of $3000, but Rod (owner & Jeweler for 30+ yrs) quoted around $1K.  Rod is extremely helpful & patient.  You can come back to see your design in mid-process, usually a wax model, to make any changes before being cast.  He has tons of designs, or bring in a pic of your own  - he'll be happy to make your dream come true! I would highly recommend this little shop to anyone.  It's right beside Burger King, {same plaza as Sapporo's}.
5	Given my previous experience with jewelers (see my other reviews for the engagement ring story...) I was little conflicted when I needed to have a small diamond replaced in my wedding band. However, Farrar was a completely different experience. Despite the fact that they are selling very high end merchandise, Rod and his staff are very down to earth. I felt like Rod had as much concern for my $70 repair as he would for a $7000 custom design.While I was there for the wedding ring repair, I asked him he if could identify the large stone in a ring my grandmother had given me, and take a look at some nice pearls I was thinking of having reset. The ring turned out to be a lab ruby, but he was as knowledgable and interested in that as he was in the pearls. He was all around very pleasant, professional, and knowledgeable.I felt at ease when I left the store without my wedding ring, and was very pleased with the result when I picked it up a few days later.
5	I had a ring that was passed on to me by my grandma that needed to be re-sized. At first, I took it to Shane & Co. and a very nice lady took my ring to the back and told me that they were unable to re-size it because the band had a small chip in it. I'm not entirely sure what they meant because it looks fine to me. Either way, she referred me to Mr. Farrar who she says that they use a lot and she personally uses as well. I went in to Farrar Jewelers and asked if they could re-size my ring. They said that it wouldn't be a problem and could have it done within the week. It was pretty reasonable in cost too. Don't remember exactly how much, I want to say around $30. After the allotted time of when my ring was expected to be done and I still haven't received an email or phone call, I decided to give them a call myself to see if it was ready to be picked up yet. The person on the phone said that it had been done for a couple of days now and I could stop in anytime. I kind of wished that they had given me a call or something when it was done instead of me having to reach out to them.They do a lot of custom pieces and have some really unique pieces there. The store is pretty small compared to your larger jewelers out there.Besides the fact that I didn't hear from them when my ring was ready, I was very happy with the work that they did and would go here again if I needed some jewelry work done.
5	When my husband proposed to me with his grandmother's antique ring, I was ecstatic, but the ring was huge! It was probably a size 7 or 8 and I'm a size 4. I first took it to Shane Co since that was the only local jeweler I was aware of. A woman there referred me to Rod at Farrar Jewelers since they could not assist me with re-sizing and separating the engagement band from the wedding band. Rod was great-very courteous and reasonably priced. I've since been back to have the bands put back together and cleaned.I would recommend Farrar Jewelers in a heartbeat. I love the fact that they do everything in-house. Based on their catalogues in the store, it looks like they do some amazing custom work as well.
5	Rod is amazing!!!  He has designed many pieces for us over the years and he has a true gift for making each piece "one of a kind". I refer everyone to him and they are just as pleased with their experience. They really make you feel special, never rushed and he is honest and beyond fair with his prices. Farrar Jewelers is the only place to go for making boring jewelry into a masterpiece. I always get compliments on  his creations!
5	Background: I brought my new engagement ring to another jeweler to resize, and noticed strange marks on it afterwards. They looked like dents (I thought perhaps they were clamp marks from the resizing, though the jeweler told me they don't use clamps.) They said they could try to polish away the marks but were afraid the polishing wheel would ruin the small side diamonds. I was pretty upset as I just couldn't accept my ring having flaws within days of receiving it. So I went to a different jeweler to get a second opinion, who also said they did not want to try it, and instead referred me to Farrar. At Farrar, I explained why the other jewelers said no, but they immediately took the ring into their back room, and returned a few minutes later with it perfectly polished. The marks/dents were completely gone, with no damage to the diamonds! And if that wasn't awesome enough, they said it was no charge. I really couldn't be happier! Thanks Farrar for great service and excellent workmanship. Highly recommended.
5	In the process of shopping for engagement/ wedding rings we stopped in at Farrar Jewelers. Part of our decision was based on  other Yelp reviews. We were cordially greeted by Rod and immediately felt comfortable that he knew what he was doing. After reviewing some ideas and showing him a picture of a ring that we thought was along the lines of what we were looking for, Rod shared his ideas and said he would build a model for us to review. Over the next few weeks we reviewed the progress and Rod fine-tuned his design. The final product was a gorgeous two tone ring of impeccable craftsmanship. I recommend Rod very highly and don't think you will find a better craftsman around or finer individual to work with. A true five-star experience.
