1	I don't recommend Dr Song to anybody who loves their pets.  Our history with him is long and quite said.  Our vet  sent us to him after not being successful for few weeks with treatment of my German Shepherd Kaiser ..  Kaiser had very bad skin problems,  his hair were falling out and he was getting worse with every day . At that time our vet decided that we have to go to a specialist in order to get help.During our visit at "Animal Dermatology"  Dr Song never approached my dog to make physical examination., he never touched him or examine his skin -  he looked at him , asked few questions and prescribed medicine for 2 weeks ( $ 500 )  ,  after 2 weeks there was no improvement and we have to go back and again Kaiser got prescription for another few hundred dollars ...  And again there was no improvement at all..After what happened we decided we will never go to this Animal Dermatology again.But 3 years later our new GSD'S ( at this time 5 month old - Dexel and 11 month - Saba, both got  skin problem's and again we got recommendation to " Animal Dermatology ",  we went there because it was in another location and we did not realize that this is again Dr. Song  practice ( by now he has 3 different " Animal Dermatology " locations ). We walked in and Dr. Song backed away when he saw our dogs,  during examination which was performed by his employee he did not came into the room because he was scared of my dogs.  When he finally came in the room for 5 min. his comment was : " they are loud " (my dogs were barking at him ) ...Exactly as few years ago he did not touch my dogs at all, he had no idea what is going on and he prescribed heartworm medication as a treatment ( !! )We asked for his professional evaluation in writing.  In his evaluation he never used my dogs names,  he called them dog one and dog two  ( !! ) Dr. Song never showed genuine concern about their health, his treatment ideas came from internet -  he was asking me questions and then searching internet for possible diagnosis ( ! )  And again  all what he was really interested  was my credit card instead of helping my dogs. We understand people have to make money, but if you are a doctor - first what you should care about is your PATIENT and his well being!! Below is veterinarian oath,  It's a promise that each veterinarian makes at graduation:.   "Being admitted to the profession of veterinary medicine, I solemnly swear to use my scientific knowledge and skills for the benefit of society through the protection of animal health and welfare, the prevention and relief of animal suffering, the conservation of animal resources, the promotion of public health, and the advancement of medical knowledge. I will practice my profession conscientiously, with dignity, and in keeping with the principles of veterinary medical ethics. I accept as a lifelong obligation the continual improvement of my professional knowledge and competence" In our case the oath is almost meaningless.We do not recommend "Animal Dermatology" and Dr. Mitchell Song to anybody.  If we should need dermatologist again we will be driving to California to get help.An update :  After receiving a lots of negative feedback's our vet stopped recommending Dr. Song.
5	I have 2 precious kitties that I adore. One of them started to have terrible itching and biting her fur. I went to my regular vet and he prescribed many different things, including bathing her in a special shampoo. I don't know about YOUR cat, but have you tried bathing a cat? Not fun! So, on the recommendation from a friend, I went to Animal dermatology. And Tinkerbelle was given a full exam,  examined from nose to tail and given medication that has completely taken away her itching! I cant say enough about Animal Dermatology! I will never go anyplace else!P.S. After posting my review, I went to the filtered comments and reviewed them and I noticed that there are MANY 5 stars for this clinic. I don't know why YELP is hiding wonderful reviews about this vet. Strange :-?
5	Dr Song  is by far the best animal doctor in Arizona. If you dont believe me then just wait until you finish going to your current vet and after they realize everything they charged you for does not work they will refer you to Dr. Song. I have a pit bull that was going to die from a skin disease . I was referred by Petsmart and many other animal hospitals as iv been everywhere for this issue! i have all the documentation for all the vets iv been to and Dr Song is the only one who can look at your dog and determine what route to take immediately . This Doctor has students from all around the world that come just to watch and learn from him before they get their certification for their internship. Im a real customer and have paperwork from everywhere. Most Vets tell you just to give your pet some  Benadryl and try to upsell you on making your dog current on shots. Dont make the mistake i did by wasting money with these other rude vets that you dont trust alone with your dog. He has a nice office in central phoenix and clean nice private rooms and fast service. Whenever i was there i saw regulars that buy only his products because of the hypoallergenic ingredients. If you love your animal and want them to get better pay Dr Song a visit and decide for yourself and make an honest comment here on yelp about your experience.
5	I was visiting my parents in Phoenix when my bulldog, Helga, broke out in a horrible rash and started to lose some hair. I took Helga to my parents' dog's vet who referred me to Dr Song.  As soon as I walked into Dr Song's office he and his staff were compassionate and supportive. Dr Song took the time to examine Helga's skin, ask me questions to help diagnose the disease, as well as reassure both of us that everything was going to be fine. And sure enough after Helga started taking the medicine Dr Song gave her, her skin improved and quickly it was as though she had never been sickI truly love my dog. It was so nice to go to a vet who not only cured Helga, but showed that he truly loves animals too.
1	Extremely disappointing visit. I was changed $240 for the vet to have no clue what the rash was from.  $100 of that fee was for an antibiotic and an anti fungal because he couldn't be troubled to actually diagnose my pet's rash. Frankly, as slowly as the rash went away I doubt the expensive meds were even helpful. Seriously, if you want your pet prescribed serious antibiotics (Ultracef) that are given capriciously and more likely to give your pet resistant bacteria than to help him, come here. Pathetic excuse for professionalism.  Save you money, go to your family vet and pay them $70 to guess at a treatment for your pet's rash.
5	Dr. Song could not have been more compassionate or patient w my freaking out over my Jasmine.  I was in Phoenix for work when she started forming bumps on her skin.  I will spare the details, but Jasmine is finicky and doesn't do well with strangers or sterile areas. A freak out and a phone call to my Vet in NY later, she was calm the whole time under Dr. Song's care. So thank you again!!!
5	I was visiting family in Phoenix when my then 12-week old corgi puppy started itching uncontrollably and, after a couple of days, began to lose small patches of hair.  His skin looked red and irritated.  My aunt had taken her Golden to Dr. Song last year and she pointed me in his direction.  I was beyond pleased with his help and professionalism.  He educated me on properly caring for a double-coated dog [i.e. keeping him dry] and I'm glad to say that everything cleared up in a jiffy...with a little medicated shampoo and mindfulness.  I'd recommend Dr. Song to anyone in the area.
1	An ABSOLUTE TOTAL RIP-OFF!!!!!   After stringing us along for 2 years+ and $5,000.00!, Dr. Song proved to be a HUGE disappointment!!  He may be good on an emergency basis but for ongoing allergy care, Dr. Song is the WORST at diagnosing a simple FOOD allergy that our Yorkie, Carmela has!!!  Months of Atropica and other very expensive tests and medications prescribed by Dr. Song, we found out from a vet in Park City, UT that Carmela has had food allergies for years and after 2 weeks of careful monitoring of her diet, her ear infections, skin eruptions, dander, and smell are GONE!!!!  Dr. Song NEVER even mentioned the possibility of a food allergy in the 2 years of treating Carmela!   There is also a TOTAL lack of communication, not only on Dr. Song's part, but his office personnel, as well.  He has had 3 different receptionists in 3 months time and even after getting Dr. Song's personal email, he only responded once to our numerous emails on obtaining the test results for Carmela, with a response of "can you resend me her test results?", when HE ordered the tests!!!!  When we spoke with him last in July 2013, and asked him about what was going on, all he kept saying was, "oh, I am so sorry, oh, I am so sorry"...but NEVER gave us his opinion of Carmela's test results and told us to go to a local vet; have him look at the test results and treat Carmela.  Dr. Song basically did NOT care; nor had ANY interest in continuing to treat Carmela, yet made sure he got paid after each and every visit!. Dr. Song is ONLY worried about over-charging and getting paid.  There is NO personal interest nor caring about his patients.....I will NEVER, EVER go to him again nor do I recommend him.....EVER!
5	I've since moved to Arizona to be closer to my family and Helga unfortunately has acquired an allergy that causes her to break out in hives, so I wanted to update my review.  Since we had had such great success with Dr. Song in the past I knew that he would be able to cure Helga.  He recommended a pill to help the hives and antibiotics to help with the infection that Helga had from scratching, along with a shampoo to prevent any future infection.  All of these treatments worked really well together.  Helga is once again, as good as new.I have 100% faith in Dr. Song.  He is able to get the job done and cure my pet rather than trying 50 different things that don't work and charging me all along the way.  I have piece of mind, my dog is cured quickly, and I am paying less than I would for a piecemeal and ineffective approach.
5	Dr. Song and his team are WONDERFUL! They are very friendly and true experts in treating our French Bulldogs' allergies. They have an extremely convenient location too - just off the 51 freeway and Glendale Avenue. I HIGHLY recommend this amazing group of people.
