1	It's a new place in our neighborhood, so my family and I thought we'd give it a go. The only satisfactory thing that came from this establishment was the quoted wait time. With that stated, I'll begin on the pizza; The crust tasted like cardboard, and the sausage tasted like it fell victim to freezer burn. The gentleman who took the order, although courteous, was remarkably slow, which is hard to believe  seeing as there were no other patrons inside. The very visible employees in the back were texting and drinking soda straight out of the 2-liter bottle while preparing the pizza we ordered. If the pizza had been good, those are things that could be overlooked. Unfortunately, it was awful, and my stepmother got sick from the very little that she ate. We weren't able to finish the pizza. Needless to say, neither my family or I, will ever go back.
1	This was my first  time ordering from this establishment, and most likely the last. Ordered fajita salad large pepperoni pizza and some bread buds. After the 5 min voice recording we place our order and were quoted 20 min. Arrived at the location after 25 min and was told its coming out of the oven now. Needless to say this wasn't the case we waited 35 min in the lobby  with a clear view of the employees walking around chatting and drinking soda. If I hadn't paid already I would have walked out. The fajita salad was just a normal salad with 3 pieces of chicken and olives added. Pizza was not what I expected, the menu said extra cheese an pepperoni. Bread buds were flavorless needed more garlic. This is a great location as its very close to me, it's a shame we had to wait so long for overrated pizza.
1	First and probably last time I will ever eat from here. Kinda feel bad for giving such a bad review but I'm utterly discussed by the experience I had. I had ordered the Sticky Fingers Pizza D'Luxe from the coupon I got online. Said it would be 15 minutes for my order to be ready. So I went there to pick it up (since I heard they charge for delivery). Once I had brought it home, I sat down to eat my pizza and as I was going to take my first bite...there was a HAIR IN MY PIZZA!!! And I know it wasn't my hair because it had came from inside. I was totally grossed out by this nasty long black hair. Threw the pizza away and was disgusted by the whole meal. My mom on the other hand said the pizza was very greasy and tasted like frozen pizza. Needless to say we will never go back there.
2	Somehow we managed to get a supreme pizza with all of the toppings in the center of the pizza. Crust was good. Just looked like a store bought frozen pizza. I really enjoyed the pepperoni pizza though.
1	Horrible experience and very bad customer service!!!!!
1	We live 2 minutes away and ordered delivery. We were told it would be 40 minutes for 1 pizza. An hour and a half later the delivery guy called, lost. We tried to give him directions but obviously he did not know the area around the store or did not bother to look at directions before leaving Mr. jims for delivery. We called the store directly to inquire if we could just go and pick it up from their location but when the manager got on the phone he was extremely rude, did not even acknowledge who he was at the beginning of the call and began to debate with us. The time he took debating and explaining the driver was a new employee, he could have contacted the driver and gave him the appropriate directions or told him to retunr to the store so we could pick it up. Extremely bad customer sevice from the manager! After looking over other reviews, we are glad we never recieved the "greasy, probably frozen, hair filled" pizza.It is so sad that Papa John's (15 minutes away from our home) can deliver a pizza to us in under 20 minutes and Mr. jims around the corner, couldn't deliver it for at least an hour and a half!
5	What the heck are all of you complaining about? this Is a great deal and the owner is always very friendly! The pizza is very good and always heavy on the toppings. I live right here in providence and an happy not to have to get a crappy pizza from Domino's all the way down on Durango. That place sux!! So what if the Kids were drinking soda and what not, their like 16 years old and do a pretty dang good job if you ask me. I had to sign up just to stick up for this new business in our neighborhood. Not too happy about the smoke shop, but what can you do.Oh Yea It's $7.00 pizza people relax!
4	We've ordered pizza from here 3 times so far and will continue to do so. It's tasty, better than the big name chains. We like the D'Lish crust better than the D'Luxe and adding the garlic/parmesan to the crust is great! Our orders have been available for pickup just when they said it would be. Ordering online is easy and convenient. We frequently order extra sauce on pizzas (just to get more nutrition in!) but when you do that at Mr. Jim's they add some extra globs of sauce to the top of the pizza, kind of weird. We've had zero problems or serious complaints here.
2	I read the reviews on Yelp and I almost didn't give this place a try, but I figured since its close and new to me, I wouldn't judge till I tried it. Honestly, I wouldn't say the pizza was gross or disgusting by any means. It was just okay... Some reviews mention how it tasted like frozen store bought pizza. I'd say that is very accurate. It wasn't gross, just didn't seem fresh. The crust had to be frozen before they made it. DO NOT get the chicken wings, I ate 1 and was finished. They taste just like those frozen chicken wings you get from the freezer section at Walmart. No Bueno!
2	The pizza here is not too bad, a little above average, good toppings but the crust is probably frozen and not fresh.  Their nacho stix are expensive pieces of dry cardboard with cheese and jalapenos, nasty.  Don't bother with those.  The lower rating is due to the fact that we had to wait over an hour for a pickup order.  This is the second time we have been delayed and is not acceptable.
4	Order from here like once a week. There are better pizzas out there, but, for the price its off the chain.Cons-They could offer a wider variety of toppings.Pros-Fresh dough for crust, Good value, friendly service, extra sauce on your pizza for free and great flavored crusts!Advice- Get coupon codes off of the internet.
5	I like the pizza and it is not terribly expensive. The convenience of the location  is wonderful because it is in walking distance from our house.  Over all I give it 5 stars.
1	Horrible pizza, salads, and the worst chicken wings I've ever eaten in Las Vegas.  We placed a large order for about 12 people and nobody in the group, including the children, liked the food.There are several pizza chains nearby that offer better food, even the pizza pariah called Little Ceasars is better.  If you want good pizza try North End Pizza or Mark Rich's they both blow this place away.
4	we are always looking for a good pizza, and Mr Jim's fit the bill. The pizza was good, it arrived VERY quickly and we now have our new pizza place.
4	Don't mind negative reviews, people always write about negative experiences but never about positive ones.Pizza here was good! the crust was nice and golden, we ordered the sticky fingers pizza and my boyfriend really enjoyed all the toppings in it. The wings were descent size but a little dry on the hot sauce. Customer service was good and the driver was really nice too. The pizza got to our house right on time of what they had quoted us (35 mins) when we placed the order and everything was nice and hot!Thanks mr.jims! This was our first order from here and definitely not the last :)
3	The sauce was excelent, but every thing else was highly average.  It was like eating a Little Caesars pizza with tasty sauce.
1	I read the reviews and decided to be a skeptic and try Mr. Jim's out for myself. I ordered what appeared to be a good pizza and initially noticed that the price seemed a little high for a medium pizza($12). I do have to give them credit for having the pizza ready in a short matter of minutes, but after taking a bite out of one slice I quickly regretted my decision to give this place a chance. The pizza lacked flavor and tasted like it had experienced freezer burn, which I found curious because the box advertises fresh dough as being their trademark. Bottom line, if you are thinking about trying Mr. Jim's pizza don't. Save your money and order Dominoes, Pizza Hut, or I would even recommend Little Caesar's.
4	Delicious crust, very friendly workers, clean establishment, and SUPER convenient for NW Las Vegas. Ill definitely be coming here more often!!
1	Staff was rude and pizza stunk!!!!
1	Second time ordering some pizza for delivery-2 seconds from home and definitely the Sunday lazy factor set in.  Wasn't impressed the first time and a definite decision on the second time...unfortunately.We ordered off a regular coupon we get $17.99-large pizza with 8 wings.  We ordered our pizza-light on the cheese, extra sauce, pepperoni and pineapple and wings hot.  This was the worst pizza we have ever had.  First off my "extra sauce" and "light cheese" ended up with a full jar of sauce poured on top of the pizza-you couldn't even see cheese.  The pizza was a red sauce mess minus the crust.  Soggy bottom crust was the same as I remember the last time.  Totally dough in the middle-and their crust is what they pride themselves on.  SMH.  You can't even hold a slice up without a limp tip. Lol. Wings....drum roll....were slimy.  They came 4 in a foil pouch and they were completely stuck to the foil.  My guess is they already had them packaged up and they throw them in an oven to reheat them?  The BF finished them off on the grill and they were ok after that.  Best part to me was the $2.50 delivery charge!  For living in Providence and 2 secs away from the place really?  Shoot if the food was worth it....all day long for our laziness.  But no ...pure disappointment and bummer that this is the only spot right smack in our hood.  I am so sad to say that I gave this a second chance before my review and its a total bust.  Mr. Jim, read your reviews to know where to improve but until then we will order pizza elsewhere!  :(
3	The pizza here is alright, nothing amazing, but as it is the only pizza place in this area, I can see how people would frequent it.First off, the pizza is small. Very small. And it is mostly crust, with a few bites of the cheesy bits.Next, it is pretty darn pricey for what you get. For the same amount I could get a pizza twice as large at any of the other places down the street. It's alright, but I would rather make the 3 minute drive to somewhere else.
1	I just ordered from this store.  I've enjoyed their pizza multiple times in the past, but they have grown faster than their management could handle.  The employees were rude taking the order then didn't deliver our order of chicken wings.  When I called back they said it was  "on top of their stove" and said that it was totally their fault for not including it with our order. What blows me away is that despite acknowledging it was their fault, they said they couldn't spare a delivery driver to bring it to us.  Unreal.  We paid for it.  They didn't give it to us.  Real businesses fix their mistakes.  The manager said it was my fault for not checking the order thoroughly before paying.  Perhaps, it was...but who does this?  This is a new business.  They used to be good, but they simply aren't anymore.Please, spend your money elsewhere.
1	This pizza is not good, call Streets of New York. I called Mr. Jim's twice and both times I got a recording instead of a human and I always have to give my info. Pizza is greasy and has no flavor!
1	I was hoping that I would not have to write a bad review.  I am a regular Mr. Jim's customer, I like their food, and I have never had a problem with their establishment.  Until today. Short version: Mr. Jim's messed up on an order, a bad review was posted, and an uncalled for response full of assumptions, untruths, and excuses was posted in response.  Long version: My friend placed an order for our group and my husband picked it up on his way home. The pizza's were handed to him and he left.  He didn't know that wings had been ordered as well.  My friend called to get his wings and Mr. Jim's could not fix the situation.  So I did. I picked up the wings and everything was fine.  Until I read the response that Mr. Jim's posted to John's review. Please feel free to look it up. TO MR JIM'S PIZZA: 1) My husband's initials are not A.L. Neither are mine.  I do not know where you pulled that from or why that would even be necessary to include in your response. 2) It doesn't matter who picks up the order, you should always double check it even if it is not a "regular order." 3) In your response you say that John admitted he had been drinking...my friend had consumed two beers. You made it sound like he was a raging drunk. He's just responsible and didn't think that it appropriate to drive to fix your mistake. Again, relevant to your response why?! 4)Pick up order or not, if you messed it up you should have fixed it.  You later state that, "You suppose you could have offered to deliver them." You suppose?! Of course you could have.  Then this whole mess and second one star review could have been avoided.  A simple, "I'm sorry sir, I'll make a fresh batch to send with the next available driver," and everyone would have been happy. We would have been willing to wait an hour if you would have been willing to fix what you messed up. We understand busy business. We do not understand bad customer service. 5) I was annoyed at the situation. NOT my friend.  You both should have handled it differently.  I did say that he might have had a bad day. I did say I had not heard him speak bluntly to someone like that.  Does that justify your bad customer service? NO.  Is that an excuse to claim extortion on a yelp review? NO. You were correct in stating that I left without saying anything to the MEN in my group. They would not have been agreeable to me fixing what you should have.  6) John is a UNLV graduate and employee.  I shared that information with you so that you would know that he was both educated and is surrounded by and works with people that are also educated as well as respectful.  Of course he most definitely is used to people being respectful because we surround ourselves with other educated and respectful people. I did not call him a "big shot" thank you very much sir. Nor was his position used as any kind of leverage. Yet again...what does this have to do with your lack of customer service?! 7) I appreciated the apology and the brownie was delicious.  I fixed your mess up, including your lack of customer service, and accepted your apology and the proffered brownie.  Why did you feel the need to go onto a public forum and belittle your regular customers?  You have several negative reviews. It's my firm opinion that if you spent half as much time developing customer service skills as you apparently spend defending why you have no customer service, your reviews would improve! 8) We actually do yelp positive reviews to businesses frequently... when a business offers outstanding customer service.  We enjoy your pizza but there has been nothing about the service that has gone above and beyond the normal expected level to warrant going on an writing a glowing review.  9) My final comment here...why in the world would you think that throwing out your education would make this situation any better?  You had a second chance to make this right and instead you have dug a deeper hole AND manage to turn away another regular customer.  I'm deeply saddened by your reactions, I expected more from a business that seemed to have so much more to offer in the early operating stages.  Thank you for your time.  I sincerely hope that you can turn things around for your business and start focusing on customer service, kindness and consideration, and on appropriately fixing your negative reviews instead of childishly lashing out at loyal customers. Sincerely, M.N aka A.L
5	I live here in Providence, and was actually online to see if anyone knew when the new Cafe was opening, as my husband is a brekfast person , and was SHOCKED to see some of the people writing awful reviews about Jims Pizza. I am not a YELPER like many of you are, as I have a busy schedule, being that my husband and I own ourselves 3 local business' in town, but I was so saddened to see what people were writing about this great place, I had to give my two cents.To start, my family, especially my teenager and her friends have ordered Jims Pizza many times, and it is fantastic!  Always tastes fresh, crust is amazing, and it gets to our door of hungry teenagers fast.  Maybe the people complaining about Jims Pizza, are just use to eating junk food and the "fast food craze" and just got used to eating the cheap tasting pizza from places like Dominos and Pizza Hut, and their taste buds just cant realize what good pizza tastes like anymore, as Jims Pizza is great.  I always got great, friendly service as well.   I met the owner once, about 6 months ago, had a conversation with him, and he is a very nice man who works hard for his business.Secondly, most of you probably never owned a business and while your review may just be a random sentence on the internet to you, but to a business owner its the ability to provide for his family and his loved ones. To us business owners, we put  our heart and sole into our business', its our dream.  Please don't give me the excuse "the public has the right to know about   the service" or "maybe if we publicly give our input, they will change their recipe"  While many of you may not know this, your asking a man to risk his business, cost him money so that MAYBE it will appeal to your taste buds.  As I said my husband and I own 3 local business', well, there use to be a 4th one, it  was a very popular local place in town, that many of you would be familiar with, but for reasons I am listing, I am choosing not to list it, nor give my "real name" as well, as after reading and knowing how some of you, including members of Providence decided to write awful things about Jims Pizza, I don't need you writing any of our business bad reviews, just to be spiteful. Anyways, it wasn't till we owned that fourth one, that we realized how many bad, spiteful, and jealous people there are in Las Vegas.  I thought the world was a better place than this.  We helped out people by the day, gave them our sweat and blood, and got crap from those same people we helped, it got so bad that when a building disaster occurred, we took it as a blessing to get out of it, and closed it, which hurt us deeply, but was time to focus on our other business, and move on. We couldn't be more happier, as I don't have to deal with the general public at that level as I did then, and while we miss some of our wonderful regulars that we created awesome memories with, there was just too many awful ones and many freeloaders.  Just please remember that there are many aspects to a business that many of you who work a 9-5 job don't understand, and won't. While it may seem easy to ask a business to change to your liking, even just a simple request, are not that easy and expensive to any business owner. Also for you that complained about the $2.50 delivery charge, YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT JIMS PIZZA OVERHEAD IS, AND IF THAT HELPS HIM KEEP HIS DOORS OPEN, THEN HE NEEDS TO DO THAT.  YOU YELPERS SEEM TO ASK ALOT FROM THESE PEOPLE.  ON TOP OF EVERYTHING ELSE, I GUARENTEE THAT SOME OF THESE POSTS ARE WRITTEN FROM JIMS PIZZA COMPETITORS FRIENDS, FAMILY MEMBERS,REGULARS, AS IVE PERSONALLY HAD THAT HAPPEN TO ME.  COMPETITORS CAN BE CRUEL, SO FOR YOU THAT HAVEN'T TRIED JIMS PIZZA, PLEASE IGNORE THESE POSTS AS HALF OF THEM ARE PROBABLY WRITTEN FROM HIS COMPETITORS. AND TO YOU PEOPLE THAT ARE WRITING FALSE REVIEWS, ITS ONE THING TO SUPPORT YOUR FAVORITE PLACES, ITS ANOTHER THING TO BULLY HIS COMPETITOR AS YOUR DOING HERE. NEXT  FOR YOU THAT LIVE IN PROVIDENCE WRITING THESE REVIEWS I AM SHOCKED.  ALL OF US SHOULD BE GIVING THE LOCAL BUSINESS' IN PROVIDENCE OUR LOCAL SUPPORT AND GET BEHIND THEM! THERE ARE MANY PEOPLE WHO DON'T LIKE LAS VEGAS BECAUSE WE HAVE NO CULTURE OR SENSE OF COMMUNITY, AND THEY ARE RIGHT!  WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE? IF YOU DIDN'T LIKE THEIR PIZZA, MAYBE WRITE OR EMAIL THEM A LETTER, THERE IS NO REASON TO PUBLICALY HUMILATE A BUSINESS, AND IF THAT DOESN'T WORK, MOVE ON AND EAT SOMEWHERE ELSE.  AFTER ALL, BEING A YELPER, IS NOT GOING TO GET YOU ANYWHERE, AS I NOTICED, THERE ARE THOUSANDS OF YOU, SO IF YOUR WANTING TO BE A FOOD CRITIC, GET A WEBSITE TO STAND OUT, OR A BLOG, AS YOUR NOT GOING TO STAND OUT HERE.  BEHIND THIS BUSINESS IS A PERSON, A FAMILY, SO PLEASE KEEP THAT IN MIND WHEN YOU POST.  REGARDLESS, MY FAMILY WILL CONTINUE TO EAT THEIR DELICOUS PIZZA, AND STAND BEHIND A LOCAL BUSINESS THAT IS HERE IN PROVIDENCE.  THANK YOU JIMS PIZZA FOR YOUR GOOD FOOD AND KIND SERVICE.  KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
4	I actually pretty surprised by how horrible the ratings are. We LOVE this pizza and so has everyone that has eaten it with us. We live in the area and get coupons.... We decided to give it a try and actually REALLY enjoy the crust. There was one pizza we asked for pepperoni and bacon..... The bacon was shopped so finely and PACKED with flavor. I've never had a bad experience!We will continue to order from here. Never had an issue with staff.....although I could see where people placing pick up orders have some issues...we just haven't. Might just order one today actually.......
5	Ordered a few times, and enjoy the service and nice employees. One time we had an issue; however management resolved the issue and took care of it. Don't let the few bad reviews discourage you from ordering. Give them the opportunity to "wow" you and you won't be disappointed.
4	If you enjoy a good thick slice of pizza, this is your place.  Mr. Jim's has a thicker crust than most of the pizza places including the other pizza places in the area. Toppings and sauce are fresh. Mr. Jim's also tends to be one of the more generous places on toppings.  Just be aware when you are ordering there are two versions of pizza here: the Original and the D'Lish. The D'Lish is a thin crust version of their pie and has less fat. It has less cheese and less toppings, but remember its a thin crust pie.They offer pizzas in four sizes, small to extra large.I ordered the Sticky Fingers pizza with a small order of breadsticks. This has become a new favorite in my book. It is thick with a very tasty crust and a lot of toppings for the price. The breadsticks are basically the pizza dough with cheese on it, sounds plain but it is very delicious and quite filling.I am originally from Northern NJ, probably one of the better places for pizza. So probably for me to say this, it means a lot. The one and only gripe is that the food is really greasy. Do not get me wrong, pizza grease is where the flavor comes from, but the grease was everywhere on the box.Delivery is slightly above average. Time-wise was average, but I like the fact that the driver actually verifies the order you have. I know it sounds so minor, but it is something that makes them stick out from the other deliveries that I've gotten.I recommend that you order online the first time to see the menu and get some pretty good coupons. Prices with the coupon tend to be lower than the other guys.Ordering online is even better as a group because you can bill items separately. So if everyone just wants pizza but your foodie friend wants pizza, wings, bread, and dessert, you can mark what items are hers- and she can pay for those items separately.So if you want some thick crust pizza with so many toppings that it collapses, this is your place.
5	First time here at Jim's just moved to the area from the bay. I must say the staff is super friendly and the pizza for the price is excellent. After reading other reviews I was not sure but Jim's has my vote! Keep up the good work and I will definitely be back. Pepperoni pineapple=winning!
1	Very much like little Caesar's or digorno frozen pizza, tastes really plain, not at all like a real "mom and pop" pizza. Will definitely never order again :/
5	First time order at Mr Jim's Pizza and I have to say it was great. The order was done on the phone and the call was fast, courteous and accurate. They repeated my order to make sure it was right and I didn't have to worry about it.I ordered 10 pizzas from Mr Jim's Pizza and they were all great. We had a big get together of mostly teenagers (picky eaters) and the group loved the pizza. My order consisted of 4 Pepperoni Deluxe (lots of cheese and pepperoni), 2 Meat Eaters (tons of different meats like bacon, italian sausage, etc.), 2 extra cheese (I could have ordered more of these because they went fast), and 2 Jimaterian (really good vegetarian). All of the pizza's were hot and fresh and eaten really quickly. When I went to pick up my order all 10 pizzas were ready on time and the staff was very friendly. I paid for my order and was out in just 1-2 minutes. The location was convenient to where I live and the pizza shop had easy parking. I also noticed that the place was really clean inside and the kitchen was open for viewing and was kept in really good shape. Employees were also very clean.My group loved the pizza's, the crust, the extra cheese and all of the toppings. In terms of comparing them to other pizza shops - better than Pizza Hut, Dominoes, Little Caesars, and Papa John's. Had an excellent experience.
5	I am shocked at all the negative reviews. Our family loves Mr. Jims! Never had a problem. Their fajita chicken pizza is amazing. And they always bring coupons with delivery for next time!
5	First time we ordered I got the thin crust and we thought it was just okay. We gave Mr. Jim's another go a few months ago with the original crust and garlic parmesan butter. Oh my! Seriously good stuff! My son is a fan of the double Pepperoni deluxe (I've added a pic) and my new favorite is the chicken premier. We probably order about once a week now. Check out the website for some good coupons.
1	Horrible customer service!!! I have ordered from here before and I'm actually their only review on another reviewing website that *advises* you =).  At any rate, ordered tonight because I like to support my neighbors (this is locally owned) and I didn't feel like cooking. My order included a $.60 dipping sauce. After the delivery driver left, I realized I didn't get that sauce. I called up there and talked to the manager, Ben.  I explained the situation and said that I didn't want the driver to come all the way back but could they just credit my account for the next time to which he replied "It's only $.60..." and just stopped talking.  My husband overheard this and grabbed the phone and said "I just spent $40 of my hard earned money at your store and this is how you treat me?" then Ben said "if your going to talk to me that way I will hang up". My husband then said "Now I want the delivery guy to bring it here" and the manager hung up on him.  I will most definitely NOT be ordering from here again and I have reposted reviews on the other websites as well. Boo!!
4	I think their pizza is great.  I'm a big believer in supporting small start-up businesses.  However, they really do need to limit their intro. messsage.  It's a tad bit annoying.
5	We ordered pizza from Mr. Jim's a second time tonight and since it was a good experience twice in a row I figured I'd throw a good Yelp review up. The first time we ordered we had it delivered and the guy on the phone was super helpful in explaining the menu since we had never ordered from them before. Delivery was pretty quick and pizza was good. Tonight we got some take-out pizza and I got to see the inside of the kitchen and all the people working. Very nice guys and really clean kitchen...it's open so you can see all prep/cooking areas. We've bad both types of crust, once flavored with garlic and the other time plain. I liked them both but would get the flavored again. I've also had a salad which was good sized and fresh. I love that it is so close to us in Providence and a local business. Prices are fair. Definitely give it a try if you're looking for pizza. Oh...and they have Blue Bell ice cream which is awesome in and of itself.
1	Been ordering from this store over the past few years and there is no consistency. I would say they get our order correct maybe 20% of the time. Our last order we ask for the pizza to be well done. Sure enough, it's under cooked. We will not be back!
5	For 4th of July decided on pizza vs hot dogs or hamburgers.  Ordered On-Line for 5 o'clock delivery of two pizzas.  Doorbell rang right at 5!  Great service, great pizza!  Both had plenty of cheese, which we like; lots of pepperoni and jalapenos.  Couldn't be happier.  I like to give our neighbor business establishments my business all that I can and my neighboring Mr. Jim's never disappoints me.  Give them your business, you won't be sorry.  Sign up for On-line Coupons.  Great values.
5	We are from Utah and come down to Las Vegas every few months. Every time we come we get food from Mr Jim's and Cane's Chicken. Mr Jim's is  amazing Pizza. The plain cheese pizza is the best I've had. You can taste the quality of the ingredients in the cheese and the sauce. We just tried the hot wings and lasagna. We loved it!
5	Had Mr. Jim's more than I would like to admit in the month since I moved to the area.  The first time was minutes before close and staff was super friendly and helpful not at all rushing due to the time, oh yeah the pizza was good too.The second time we called it in for delivery.  It arrived fast and hot no complaints.  We have oredered it a couple more times while we were getting settled in from the move and it has been consistently good.  Venturing away from their pizza offerings we have also enjoyed their chicken nuggets.
3	Not bad pizza. Not great pizza. Nothing really extraordinary about it. It's ok and if you want delivery in Providence area its about your only option. I prefer less saucy pizza but I will eat it from time to time. Worth a try for sure.
4	Pizza is tough to get out here but the pizza here is very tasty.  I ordered it for my grandkids in Providence  at lunchtime on a Sunday quick and good - tasty a very varied pizza menu
3	The pizza is alright. They have fast delivery and the prices are okay. They are nice because they are so close to my house. I would probably order from them again.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Mr. Jim's! Highly recommend the nacho sticks, but everything is always delicious!
1	The customer service at this location is horrible!  I called and admitted to a mistake made by my 14 year old daughter in ordering a pizza.  They admitted that the pizza had not been delivered to my home.  Instead of meeting me half way, an employee by the name of Parker came to the phone after putting me on hold and stated, "the pizza is leaving the store now, and they were going to note my account as costing the company a lot of money, and would never deliver to my home again!"  How rude!  I have spent a lot of money at this store, but it is obvious they are willing to lose a good customer over a misunderstanding.  Never in my life have I worked with a company who was unwilling to assist a customer to make sure everyone walks away satisfied.  Mr. Jim's need to retrain their employees immediately on how to treat customers!!!
5	We've eaten at Mr. Jim's quite a few times.  After having consistent good service and delicious food, I decided it was time to write a review on Yelp.We love that Mr. Jim's has something that everyone in my family loves.  With 6 people to please it can sometimes be hard.  The employee's are always very friendly and willing to create a pizza just about any way I want to order it!  My favorite is something that is unique to Mr. Jim's and that is their nacho stixs.  The thin crust is so crunchy and perfect.  I always hate it when thin crust is floppy.  Not at Mr. Jim's!We ate at Mr. Jim's one time while my parents were visiting from out of town and even my mom who is pretty picky when it comes to pizza declared it a place she needs to eat at every time she visits!I also love that they always have a good special going on.  With the coupons you can get high quality pizza that is made fast and fresh for about the same cost as the other guys that have their pizza sitting in a heating box for hours.We have moved out to North Las Vegas and still make the drive to get this pizza, probably our favorite pizza place in town.
5	I like all kinds of pizza, and each good pizza place in Vegas has their own unique style. I would have to put Mr Jim's up there as one of my Top 5 pizzas I've ever eaten. I ordered the Original Crust Sticky Fingers with the Garlic Parmesan crust. The crust was perfect. The right amount of crisp on the bottom, yet the middle dough layer had the perfect chewy consistency: not too thick (like a Chicago style) and not too thin (like a New York style).Also, the toppings were full and loaded, and the sauce was tangy and plenty. I never felt the pizza became dry, even after it started to cool down when I got to my last slice. You get your money's worth. The prices were decent for non-chain pizza restaurants. My only gripe is I wish it had a dine-in section. The place is a take-out only. But I'm here to rate the pizza, not the dine-in experience. 5 stars for me.
