4	They've got great service, great staff, and you never get that queasy, I'm being ripped off feeling from this location. They often have great deals (buy a tire and get a gas card, etc.) which certainly sweetens the deal, particularly when the price of gas is so high. I got a great price and good service, and I have no complaints.
1	We went here because there was a wobble and wup wup wup noise coming from one of our wheels.  After they put the car up on the lift and inspected it, they told us that we needed all new struts (front and rear), a new wheel, alignment, and balancing.  I think the estimate was about $1000 for all that.  Then I asked why they recommended replacing the front struts if the problem that caused the wheel to wear was in the back.  The explanation I got was that the front struts didn't *need* to be replaced, but they recommended it because of the struts' age.  That brought the total down to around $500.So then I'm scratching my head wondering how the struts in the rear can be bad, because there's no noise or softness or weird bounce in the rear suspension (or the front, for that matter).  My gut told me to get a second opinion.So we took the car out east to my wife's regular family mechanic.  He checks it out thoroughly, says the struts are all fine, replaces a bad wheel (a different one than that identified by Tire Kingdom), and balances/aligns all four wheels.About $280 later, the car drives great.Not sure what was going on at Tire Kingdom, maybe they just reached a bad diagnosis in good faith.  I'm just glad we took our car elsewhere.
2	Hopefully our experience here will be nice, I have watched one employee by the window changing 4 tires for the past hour and he is nowhere net being finished. He threw the plastic caps face down on the shop floor, and has so far been more interested in texting his "boo" than finishing that car.
4	I had a really good experience at Tire Kingdom I wish I could remember the name of the man who helped me I hate when I forget important facts like that.  I came to Tire Kingdom after calling several other stores in town to find the tire I was looking for.  Though they didn't have the exact tire I was looking for they told me to bring the car in and they were sure they could help me.  An hour later I had a new tire, with a great warranty and free roadside assistance x 3.  The staff was extremely friendly and they didn't pressure me into buying anything I didn't need I felt respected and that I could trust them.
