4	Bert's has apparently got 9 ales on tap, which should be enough information to immediately lure the majority of beer/lager/ale drinkers through the pub's doors. However, I'm not really keen on beer, so it isn't enough to lure me, however the fact Bert's is a pretty awesome wee pub, ales or not, is sufficient to get me to attend here on a night out.Bert's has a really nice traditional feel to it, and having a few drinks here is always a laidback affair. It does show a lot of sport, so gets pretty packed during rugby season. Outside seating is also a bonus, as William St is actually a really nice little street to sit out on. You've also got Teuchters, another very good pub, across the road if you're planning to visit more than one establishmennt.
4	The staff are friendly and I enjoyed the Haggis, neeps & tatties special.
3	This is a decent-size neighborhood pub with a good, comfortable atmosphere.  The staff when friends and I visited was friendly in general, but extremely inattentive when it came to service.
3	Really good pie & chips!
2	Mixed feelings about Bert's.  It was a busy day when we popped in so perhaps that's why things just weren't up to scratch. Food was luke warm (though they replaced one dish with a piping hot one) and we had to wait for half an hour for it to arrive. Id expect a wait like that for a complex order, but we're talking steak pie and chips and neither was much to write home about. Good selection of beers with a few decent labels on show so maybe a good place for a pre-town pint. For anything else I'll be heading elsewhere.
3	after work drinks with a work colleague brought me to bert's bar on a thursday night last week.  on first walking in from the cold the impressions were good as the bar felt warm and cosy and there was a number of empty tables for us to get a seat.with beers in hand we sat down to catch up.  and i have to say this was a great location for it.  the bar had a fair number of people in it watching the football, but it wasn't loud and the prices were quite good.  we shared some chips and onion rings which were good, but nothing outstanding.  they apparently claim to be famous for their pies but i wasn't in the mood to try one.overall, it was a good night that saw me spending less than a tenner for three half pints and a shared portion of chips and onion rings.  we had a four seater table to ourselves and weren't hassled by the other customers in the bar at any point.  i'd happily go back along for another few pints if i was in the area.
4	Very welcoming, great atmosphere and food was lovely. I loved the fact that they had board games on display- a wee game of dominos with your pint, or scrabble! Great idea x
