1	High pressure sales, and the prices are outrageous! 59.99 for a hand wax?!  I don't think so. Also, very few comfortable places to wait, and very poor selection of snacks or drinks.Seek a better wash , and better customer service elsewhere.
1	Nice try on the multiple listing to prevent poor reviews.  Instead, try simply offering better customer service and making sure that customers are truly satisfied with how you perform your service.Here's a link to another review for the same exact location: http://www.yelp.com/biz/francis-and-sons-carwash-chandler#hrid:1pFQBCxiqWU8-gYRsbzkXQHonestly, poor behavior gentlemen.
5	So I drive up to this place thinking that it was opened until 6pm. Mind you it was 5:35 and I began cleaning junk out of my car to place it in the trunk and as I shut the door I noticed the men were placing cones across the entrance! Crap! Were they closing??!! I asked the gentlemen what time they closed and he nicely replied, 5:30. At this time it was 5:43 and I'm completely face palming myself and said 'oh man!' The gentleman smiled and said, it's okay we'll wash your car! What?! Really?!! Even 15 minutes after you closed?!! Yup, they took my car in and washed it throughly scraping the bird crap off my back windshield that was murdered 2 days before. 10 bucks and 15 minutes my car was bling bling, tires shined, windows cleaned in and out, and car vacuumed very well! Will be back for sure! Awesome service!!
4	Love the new ownership, great services and very good price indeed. The only thing that I could ask to make it perfect is just not so much promotion of fixing your glass. That's it!
1	I've been going to this car wash for a couple of years now. It's been under several different ownerships over the life of the business and I've kept going back because despite it's flaws, they do a good car wash.The car washes here are good and I've never been disappointed with the quality of the wash. I've had them perform several additional services for me in the past, and that's where the quality problems come in. They performed a buff on my car that was suppose to get out the tiny scratches in the door, I'm talking little tiny scratches. After the buff, there didn't appear to be any difference in the scratches. I was pissed but I let it slide because I was busy. The kicker is that the next time I went in, they looked at the scratches and said "Hey, you should let us buff your car, it'll get those tiny scratches out in no time!". Yeah, like i'm going to fall for that again.Like other people have said, their prices here are ridiculous. If you pay full price for any of their services you're a fool. Their salesman are very high pressure and will very easily move on prices if you show the slightest hesitation. You can play this to your advantage however. If you need a hand wax, and don't feel like paying full price, go in and ask for the ultimate wash, when they try to upsell you to the wax, play coy and like you're in a hurry, they'll probably throw in 2 ultimate washes, a handwax, and a midget on a unicycle if it means they'll get their commission.Speaking of the handwax, I've had them perform a wax several times, and both times it came out good. I wouldn't say amazing, but worth the discounted price i negotiated. But the most important part is their customer service, which is extremely lacking. Their cashiers are bored and disinterested looking. Almost like you're a nuisance to ask them to ring you up. I got my car waxed yesterday, and as it takes about an hour I decided I would come back to pick it up. When I came back I went to the cashier and asked her how I pick up my car, she looked at me as if I was born in a mental institution and said "You're speaking to the WRONG PERSON SWEETHEART" and that's it. Nothing else, no "let me point you in the right direction" no "let me check on that for you" nothing. She just went back to playing with her fingernails and contemplating what her next meaningless career move was going to be. So I replied back "Can you tell me then who I should talk to about getting my car back?", she replies back with hidden disdain "anybody in a white shirt". I look around thinking to myself, well, there must be a white shirt somewhere... and of course there wasn't. So I came back and said "what if there's no white shirts?" and she laughed as she said "then a red shirt" and literally walked away from me as if she was completely done giving a shit about helping a good former customer( which, from this point on is all I will be to this place, A FORMER CUSTOMER. ) get their car back.I will not be returning to this car wash. I hope the owner of this place reads these reviews and realize that this is the reason people go out of business. Not because the buff wasn't perfect, or the washes are too pricey, but because you hire rude staff and don't train them with proper customer service skills.
1	Just drove up during business hours, saw other cars being washed, and thought I would get a carwash... Nobody was standing where they "take your order"... Waited for 30 seconds and left... Found a better deal at Chevron giving $5 car washes with 10 cents off of your gas... Can't sustain a business when the most important person isn't there...
4	This is the only place that I get my car washed.It's a fair deal and if you go in on a weekday it doesn't hurt to ask for a discount for the second level car wash.  Thats the car wash I always get as I like my tires to be "dressed".They give me a punch card so I can collect towards a free wash and that makes me happy.I have gotten a full detail here and will continue to do so every year as I believe my car is worth it.
4	Typically very pleased by their work, some days they miss a thong or two, but 90% of the time the car looks brand new, and the price is very affordable for what you get!!!
3	When I'm lazy and don't feel like washing my car when it's hell on earth outside . . . I take my ride here!Only reason I dock off two stars is for their high pressure, in-your-face sales tactics. No, I don't want a wax no matter how low you continue to lower the price. I actually ENJOY doing my oil change / filters/ waxing /etc. myself, broseph.
1	Review is for customer service, not for actual car wash (cuz that's pretty std and can you really mess that up).If you like wheeling and dealing like in a 3rd world country street market for your car wash services, then this is the place for you.  I disliked the "what do you want, what would you like, we'll cut you a deal" statements and their back and forth,etc.  The site mgr Chris definitely had that shark like attitude, he should work for a 1980s car dealership.  Extremely bad taste in my mouth.
1	Review is for customer service, not car wash itself (can you really mess it up?).If you like wheeling and dealing like in a 3rd world country street market for your car wash services, then this is the place for you.  I disliked the "what do you want, what would you like, we'll cut you a deal" statements and their back and forth,etc.  The site mgr Chris definitely had that shark like attitude, he should work for a 1980s car dealership.  Extremely bad taste in my mouth.
1	Don't ever go to Francis and Sons car Wash.  My very expensive Prada Sunglasses were stolen out of my car after dropping the car off to get detailed.  I spoke to the manager on duty Chris and basically stated they would not do anything about it cause he felt that his workers were honest but later in the conversation he stated he had just fired a worker for taking loose change from a vehicle. They are very unprofessional and when I asked for the owners phone number he said he was in a meeting...likely excuse.DON'T EVER TAKE YOUR CAR TO THIS CAR WASH
1	This car wash is terrible.  They are lazy and lie to their customers.   When I first arrived no one was around.  It took 5 minutes of wandering around the car wash to find someone. Finally a manager showed up.  I asked them to vacuum my trunk (which I shouldn't have to, but most of these places won't vacuum trunks and offer some lame excuse for it).   After the car was returned to me I asked the attendant if it had been done, and he assured me that it had.  It wasn't until I drove 10 miles home that I found out it hadn't.   When I returned the manager told me it was that attendant's first day and he was inexperienced (does one really need extensive car wash experience to know that lying is bad?).  Even worse, the manager would not refund the UNUSED washes. The rest of the service wasn't much better.  The console was still dirty and every mirror on my car was twisted almost to the stop.  I definitely will not be back and suggest you stay far away from this place, as other reviewers have indicted nearly identical problems.
1	Not recommended. The cashier lady is unpleasant and the salesmen are pushy and rude. Even worse, my car was a little dusty on the outside and spotless on the inside when I took it in (the salesmen commented on how clean it was, I just wanted the exterior cleaned and waxed) - and I got my car back still dirty on the outside with a poorly applied wax job and dirtier on the inside than it was when I first got there. I feel like I paid someone $50+ to run a dirty rag around my car.  Not sure how they're still in business as the reviews seem to indicate this is normal for them.
1	I don't even want to give 1 star. Seriously for just a quick exterior rinse they might be fine but if you ever want seats and carpet shampooed STAY AWAY!!! They just soak the seats with a rag and make it so wet you'd swear they just dumped a bucket of water on the seat and called it a day. They didn't even clean the floors or mats like I asked and paid for. I will NEVER come within 100 yards of this place again.
1	Well I looked you up his company up on the Internet thinking it was going to be superb paying for $25 hand wash oh  my God it's not worth $25 spots allover the car they don't armor all the car inside other they left my antenna off at the drive 5 miles back to get it there was no apology not saying I will give you a free one the next time y'all will refund your money nothing I will never ever go back there
4	I don't quite understand needing "salesmen" as you pull in the drive.  The menu is up there with the washes and their pricing, so just let me order.  And ALWAYS a windshield repair guy!  It's like that at every full-service car wash, so, I digress.Cashier was very friendly.  Waiting area has comfortable couches and a TV, or there is a sitting area outside.  The job they did cleaning my minivan was exceptional for the $16.99 price point.  This car gets A LOT of bugs on the exterior during the week driving the back roads of Pinal County.  There wasn't a bug left on the front grill.  The interior was impressive with a Complete Armor All and streakless windows.I've read some people complain about not getting into the nook and crannies on the interior.  That's a nonsensical comment as it refers to a complete car detailing rather than a quick drive-thru car wash.I'm happy with the results and I will return.
