5	Ambience is a terrific beauty salon.  I say beauty salon because they offer an outstanding range of services.  The employees that I have encountered are very professional and the decor of the shop is warm and nicely inviting.  I have been to Ambience twice to get my eyebrows waxed.  The service is $10.00 and worth every penny. It is an honor to have Ambience as part of the redeveloped Federal street.  I feel really good about a Black owned business who is doing the damn thing on Federal street.  Ambiance is very classy and I would recommend it to all my friends and family.I would however like to add that eye brow waxing is the only service that I enjoyed but I will update this review as I began to get other services.
5	Great service, friendly staffs. Thank you all for making me feel elegant on my special day.Sukanya
5	I love it here! chel is an amazing nail tech  and so is bj. They serve you wine! VERY FRIENDLY. Clean place. They do nails, gel nails, hair, eyebrows and eye lashes. You need to make an appointment but they usually can get you in when you need. I would recommend this place to anyone. They are even open sundays til 5pm. Everyone is dressed nice and take good care of you. They make you feel and look beautiful.
5	The shop is very clean with a great atmosphere. Staff is friendly and welcoming. I came in without an apointment for an eyebrow waxing. The owner, Bj, waxed my brows and they turned out great. I already have another appointment scheduled for the next time. For only $10 you can't go wrong. They take good care of you here, next time you are in need of a beauty service I recommend you check them out.
5	Great experience! The salon is clean, the staff is very friendly and they were able to fit me in last minute - for mani and pedi.  I felt really welcome and will definitely go back.
5	Ambiance is amazing and I would recommend it to all of my friends...and have! The staff is very professional and friendly.  They have the best of the best products with the best of the best hair and nail stylist.  They even serve wine :-) Their prices are very reasonable and you leave looking and feeling beautiful!
