4	You can't miss this place, its like Smurf on Broughton Street. I'm going to avoid the controversial subject of they sell Horse meat here. This is not the only establishment in the world, or Scotland for that fact that serves it. I don't want to eat it, but nobody is forcing me too. There obviously must be a market for it because it's on the menu, so each to there own. So I'll stick to the restaurant as a whole.My dish came out very quick and the staff were nice. A little expensive but they use authentic French ingredients which I was told you can purchase afterwords
4	The theme here is 'French twist with the best of Scottish'. From the decor its hard to see where the Scottish influence is. It sent me back to summer holidays in France and the restaurants we'd eat in there. All the staff are French so you can hear them all speaking French to one another so its easy t forget you are in Scotland!The food here certainly isn't on the cheap end of the scale but the ingredients are of the highest quality and you can tell by the taste. My soup was delicious, and this was followed by cassoulet which once again took me right back to my summer holidays when we ate cassoulet at least 5 times a week!!Great experience and a good escape to a French bistro in the heart of the French countryside (you'll have to squint a little for the French countryside bit!!)
5	Excellent food; fresh and delicious.  Service was great.  Can't wait to go back!
3	We had a very bad experience with the soup that was served, during our visit, which was very poor indeed. That was a real shame, as most of the other aspects of the place were very good, although the service isn't set up for a quick business lunch, which was what we were after on our visit.Overall, we said: "Go sample the place for yourself, as it's stylish and has good principles at its heart. Just steer well clear of the soup."
5	I enjoyed one of the best meals I've ever had last night at L'escargot Bleu. The scallops with mussels were perfection. The special of the evening - chicken with bacon pieces and little dumplings in a great gravy was amazing. My wife had ribeye steak which was too good for words. I think you get the picture by now. The setting, service, ambience etc all made for a fantastic night. I really couldn't fault one thing and now rate this as my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh. Highly recommended.
5	I am I have to say a little bit in love with this place, lots of interesting points made below but I have to say i have eaten here now three times and I think its superb. A real taste of France in our little city.On my most recent visit Steph and I had a superb 3 course meal with some of the houses very own table wine.For starters I had the filo Camembert with beetroot salad. These are flavors which I can confirm go well together, really delicious, the quality of the cheese really made the dish with the flavor coming through strongly.For mains I went for the rack of lamb, lamb is something I think I do very well at home so for me to be happy this was going to have to be very very good! It was a risk but sa it turned out one well worth taking. Pink lamb, rich sauce with nice sides.......happy JD!!!I didn't need a desert.......bum lets be honest I had one :) crepes in a chocolate sauce and vanilla ice cream... simple ...tasty... opulent.....delicious!!!!Very Happy Jd!!!
4	After only a few minutes inside you completely forget that you are in Scotland, everything is so French with enthousiastic staff talking French, Michelin stickers on the door, and a nice French menu. This is a very nice place and I had a great dinner with some Scottish-French fusion dishes. Rillette de Lapin, (rabit) was nice but a little dry and I actually would prefered French style bread with it in stead of the (I guess Scottish?) biscuits.The entrecote of Scottish beef was beautiful and tasty. I saw on one of the neigbouring tables a great Cote du boeuf  The french (and maybe also some Scottish) cheese plate was good. The (expensive) Chateauneuf du Pape wine was excellent!The waiting staff was very attentive and fun as well.
