5	Great service. Matt Larson has always taken care of me at this location.
3	Just switched back to Verizon from AT&T. A little early to tell, but so far so good. Bought online and went in to the local store to have my contacts transferred. Went well and no charge, but couldn't transfer photos. :O(
3	Customer service was good.  I upgraded from Iphone 4S to 5S and got across the board trade in.   That was great!  I was very concerned about making sure all my apps would get on it and my contacts, photos, etc.  I am not a total geek so needed some instruction, sales rep started the process and showed me how, kinda nonchalantly mentioned it would take awhile maybe close to an hour, and mentioned it was using the wi fi in the store to do this.  She went over some more things and I left. Halfway home I got an email to say the downloading used all my data!!!!   What the heck!   Had to hurry to get home and connect to my Wi-Fi.Of course they're there to make money and I'm scared to look to see what extra charges occurred with that.  I just wish she would have brought that to my attention before I left. Also she put my new Lifeproof case on and made sure she told me I had so many days to register my phone (would be covered if broke or water damage)...but neglected to tell me that I would need the bar code numbers on the INSIDE of the case to do that.  Well, you know how hard some of these cases are to get off!!!   Just frustrating.Anyway.....make sure you write all your questions down before you go!They will get every penny out of you they can.
2	I'm a little puzzled about verizon stores. I went there 10:30 am on a friday to simply see what my options were with my plan and waited 15 minutes with no call of my name.There were at least 5 floor people asking if you needed help but maybe 2 that were working with customers directly.Less floor people and more actual customer service reps Verizon.  Almost like the apple store where you know its going to be an hour or more and if you didnt make an appoitment.....forget it!Verizon has the best coverage in Az. But they need to find a way to expedite the in store process. I cant even imagine what kind of zoo that place is on the weekends or in the evenings after work!
