1	I need to grab some laminating supplies and Michael's was all out so I stopped here. First of all they have rearranged the story into a confusing uncoordinated ensemble. I asked to find the laminating supplies right when I walked in the door , one guys asks another and they send me on a wild goose chase all over the store and between the three of them passing the buck not one of them could tell me where to look.I wandered around irritated searching every aisle until I finally find what I needed, only to have one guy come up and say "Oh yeah, that's where it was"   Glad I could help!They need to work on their customer service skills and put the store back in a more user friendly arrangement.
4	Of course, price depends on what you buy but my friend had printed some stuff for me & I wanted to replace her HP ink cartridge.  The store wasn't very crowded & the mgr assured me that was the correct cartridge that would be hi yield for the best value for the money.  I also snagged a  package of 50 towels the size of a certs or a cough drop for travel or as a gag/stocking stuffers (u know it's never too early for christmas shopping).  You blow them up with a drop of water.  They even come with a plastic pod carrying case.  I feel like a paintballer.  How cool is that?
5	The Impress (copy & print) in this store totally rocks. Justin & Ashley have provided our business with exceptional service, always have our orders done in a timely manner and are very knowledgeable about their products!
5	I am happy, Happy, HAPPY!!  After years of copy and print problems with Staples, yesterday was the final straw!  I placed an order online, went to the store for pickup, was told they didn't have it, and online orders have a $5 "rush" charge for same day printing/copying.  What????  Add to that horrible reproduction (once so bad, I was given copies for free) and I am "Done!"  I called Officemax for pricing, spoke with Jake, explained the problems I had with Staples, and he assured me he would "proof" before printing.  Imagine that!!  I emailed my file, and within minutes he responded the proof was good and he was printing my copies for pickup at any time of my choosing!!  My copies?  Perfect.  Thanks Jake!!  "Dont pay for misery - Go to Officemax!"
5	I stopped in to pick up some professional thank you cards. When I entered, I was swiftly directed to the correct aisle by a smiling employee. Within 5 minutes I had entered the store, found what I needed, paid for the items, and was back in my car. Short and sweet experience. If only the MVD was like this... am I right??
