4	4 stars just because how could I give Taco Bell 5??To start, I am biased towards food wrapped in a tortilla..  I love it..  Put pizza or ice cream in a tortilla, and it is just that much better.  Short of the extreme of the Taco Time SNL sketch (google it), wrap my meal in a tortilla to go!Ok, as for Taco Bell, for the most part you know what you are going to get.  While I have had a few 7-layer burritos that were "off" in the past, for the most part, there is little surprise.I just want to commend this particular location because it is probably the busiest Taco Bell I have ever seen.  Any day M-F and this place is a mad house at lunch time.  Thankfully, they are super fast on servicing both the "Here" and "To Go" orders..  That's it..  4 starts for a Taco Bell that delivers the highest quality of crap fast food mexican at the fastest pace!
4	Just an update..  This Taco Bell is still the best..  I mean, as far as Taco Bell goes..  Tortillas were very soft and fresh, almost like they were bought locally..  The staff was very friendly.  My order was done quickly, and everything tasted as good as taco bell can make it..
2	I disagree, this Taco Bell is NOT the best. They FOOL you into THINKING it's the best because they repeat your order back to you in the drive-thru, in the order that  you ordered the items, and then you feel confident that they got it right, then you pull up to the window and they repeat it to you AGAIN, giving you MORE false confidence, and then you check the bag and everything LOOKS right, then you drive all the way home and discover you've got the wrong items, things you didn't order, wrapped to label what you asked for. Granted, at the end of the day, it's all the Bell and pretty much the same. So you eat it anyway. But you still harbor resentment for the trickery.
4	4 stars for a Taco Bell?  Yes and here is why -The line at the drive-thru during lunch hour Monday - Friday moves pretty darn fast!  No matter how long that line is they get you in and out. Scott, the gentleman that is at the first window is always pleasant and friendly. He's always got something nice to say and does it with a smile.  When you arrive at the second window to pick up your food again you are greated with a smile.  Most of the time I am asked how may day is going which is sure more than I can say for most fast food drive thru places.  The staff here really does care about their customers.  And if you go inside it's the same way.  They are busy but fast.  It seems the manager has a cohesive team here that works well together.  That is a rare thing in fast food.  I have never had a bad meal here and everything is fresh and hot. This is probably the best Taco Bell I have ever been to and I will continue to give this one my business.  It's close to my office and a great, cheap option for lunch.  Thanks Taco Bell!
4	Ok foodies' don't judge me to harshly. Had to meet a coworker for a quick meeting. This store it clean, well run and filled with high profile biz folks in a hurry. While the chain is improving the their reputation globally as possible this store showcases that a fast food chain can deliver in a pinch. Great job.
5	This is the best Taco Bell in the area. I've been addicted to The Bell for years and like to enjoy it every now and then. This place is open early and closes late which works great for someone who's freelance work hours are all over the place like mine. The food is always accurate and fast. If I'm in a mood for Taco Bell ill be sure to come to this location.
