5	This was an amazing place to get married.  Be careful though cause the pictures you get for free are not the ones you want.  But other then that it was a great location to get married in Vegas At.
1	I attended my friend's wedding here in October.  When we arrived we noticed some unhappy customers leaving the chapel.  We found out why:  Mon Bel Ami does not allow you to take pictures and then scams you after the wedding.  My friends had the alternative of accepting their 10 free photos (none of which featured the couple in the same picture) or pay more than $500 for the whole disc.  All of a sudden the cost of the wedding doubled before their eyes!  It really put a damper on the whole event.
5	our wedding at mon bel ami was personal, professional, the photography was outstanding. I felt like a princess from beginning to end!!'
4	My wife and I were married here recently. It looked a lot like the pictures on the website and the decor was up to par. Our overall experience was pleasant. In terms of price it was unbeatable, we had a ceremony and reception for 35 for just under $2000.The bad:We actually paid for 50 people, but only 35 made it. I'm glad not everyone showed up because there was just enough room in the reception hall and the chapel for the people that did make it to the wedding. My second complaint is the air conditioning! I and my groomsmen were sweating buckets in our suits because this place is not equipped to handle nearly as many people as they say they can. Our limo driver showed up 30 minutes early to pick up my bride and started rushing her and her brides maids. He kept calling them incessantly demanding that they needed to leave right away because he had other pick ups waiting. Long story short...he left my bride at the hotel and she had to take a cab to our ceremony. He was early to the hotel and did not wait, so my bride had to be 20 minutes late to our wedding! The guy in charge at the front desk at Mon Bel Ami and his wife were very rude and told us it was our fault. He then threatened to cancel our $2000 wedding that we paid for months in advance.The good:Once all the drama was settled it was perfect. The chapel was gorgeous and very tastefully decorated. The Minister was wonderful! We requested a bi-lingual minister since my family has some Spanish only speakers and we couldn't be more happy with her. She made the ceremony very special and personal which was completely unexpected since it is in Vegas the land of quick, impersonal McWeddings. Her name is Angelica by the way if you would like to request her. The Ladies that assisted me and my Wife once we arrived were more than helpful and kind. Even with my wife being late they made sure she had her time in the bridal room and she was calm and ready to walk down the aisle. The Flowers were beautiful and my wife was very happy with the custom yellow roses she ordered. The Photographer was very good at her job, our pictures came out better than we expected. We are still getting complements on how gorgeous they came out. She was very fun, and kind and made sure our included pictures were just as beautiful as out posed pictures. We bought an additional 17 photos on top of our included 40 photos and while it was an additional $200 for them we got a full copyright release so we could print anywhere we wanted so it was worth it. Their sales lady for the photos was very funny and i have a sneaking suspicion she could sale anything to anyone,but this is really the only sales pitch they give you and they waited till after our reception was over to try so for Vegas it was outstanding!   An other note: If you go for the package with the reception pay for extra people because the portions are very limited. The attendant we had in our reception room was very helpful and nice.
5	WONDERFUL experience.  I was starting to wonder about it after the guys that worked for other chapels told me they had better deals.  I don't think I could have asked for a better place in Vegas.  I had an outdoor gazebo wedding at 8pm.  Everyone was really friendly.  I didn't feel rushed through like I thought I would.  There is an older lady that goes over the pictures with you, she's hilarious.  We ended up buying our whole picture cd.  It was a bit pricey, but we can print them as much as we want.  The ceremony was candlelight with rose petals.  The photographer looked like Wolverine from Xmen, but I enjoyed talking to him.  He made our pictures perfect.  Our minister was very nice and did a great job too.  They even supplied our flowers, I didn't have to do anything but put on my dress and make sure my hub didn't run!
2	I had a beautiful wedding and the place was really nice, the people there were friendly and nice, even the minister too. then after the wedding, they shown us all the pictures, we only got 10 pics from the ceremony, and they tried to sell the rest (30pics) for super expensive price, my husband has to pay $269 for extra 15pics.. expensive, it turns out that the pictures cost more than the wedding. cost of the wedding was $240... what makes me upset was, we have to force to give the photographer a tip. minimum is $40, grrr... it suppose to be included at the wedding price.. total I spend about $500 ish.. its like the sugar coated wedding chapel.. I dont know about other places, but if you can go look around, then you should, I dont have enough to look around because we only came to Vegas for 2 days.
4	I just got married on March 24th, and I've been planning with Carrie since around October-ish? Maybe September or November.Pros:-Carrie is super helpful and returns calls/emails promptly (much appreciated by a stressed bride :P)-Venue is affordable for what is offered-Venue is actually *pretty.* It's really does look the way the photos portray it to be- not gaudy or tacky like what people may think of Vegas chapels.-Minister was REALLY nice and patient. I was extremely stressed because I had been literally running around all day, and he tried his best to calm me down.-Photographer (looked like Wolverine) was AWESOME. Of course, we had some photos that we weren't fans of, but most of the photos turned out surprisingly well. We bought a large photo package ahead of time and sent him a list of poses that we definitely wanted. He was very accommodating, and took every single photo that we requested. We went home with a total of 114 photos, LOVED around 10 or 15, disliked about 5-10, and liked the rest.Cons:-I had my heart set on a candle-lit gazebo wedding, and it was too windy that day. It's not the venue's fault, but it was still a bummer when I was told that the runway petals and the candles would probably blow away/blow out if I had my wedding outside. Boo.-We weren't told when they moved out stuff out of the bridal room, so my bridesmaids had to go looking for it for a bit. -There was another wedding party starting to wrap up and another one arrived while we were taking photos towards the end, so we didn't feel like it was just about us. All of the chairs were taken at one point in the front waiting area, so none of my bridesmaids (or myself for that matter) could sit down when our heels were killing us right after our ceremony. I guess it's understandable though if they're booked and have to do back-to-back weddings. -I wish we could've gotten some bridesmaids photos outside. It's moreso my fault for forgetting to ask, but I only ended up with one photo with just my bridesmaids and me. Overall, a good experience!
3	Married May 14th, the chapel was pretty, better in person than the online pics led on. It was an ok experience, major con were the additional fees we were responsible for that were not discussed prior to us booking our reservation. You have to tip the minister a minimum amount as well as the photographer, in all it was another $100 we were not anticipating. The wedding pictures turned out amazing,but the additional pictures not included in our package were about $700 and there is no way to purchase them  online, we were told we have to go all the way out to Vegas again from San Diego just to get them. Also the minister waits until the very last day possible to turn in your marriage certificate to the County Clerks office.
5	We got married June 14 of this year, I did a lot of searching online at different places, and I am very picky about video/pictures because of my memory loss. I saw a ton of other places that altough they looked nice, they couldn't have better pictures or video than Mon Bel Ami.Carrie who was my wedding planner, was excellent as she answered every single one of my emails I threw at her. Dave (the photographer) was awesome! He was able to get some really good shots of us and family as well.William (the minister) took his time, and was not rushed at all, he even helped calm things down before hand. His demeanor was exceptional! I could have not asked for a better experience, the only thing that kind of got me was, I was rushing around before hand to make sure I made it for the limo, only to get a call that they were having problems with the limo. So we arrived late to my own wedding, I thought I would have to rush to get ready but everyone allowed me to take my time, so that helped calm me down.  The limo driver on the way back to the hotel after the ceremony was not friendly, as he was in a hurry to get somewhere else, and we were not able to ride down the strip again as he took the back way.All in all, a good experience, and if I ever renew my vows, I can guarantee, this is where I will do it!!
5	My husband and I had our wedding here on 12/1/2012.  We planned it all from Southern California and were not able to go and see the venue before our wedding due to our work schedules.  I could not have been happier with the staff or venue!!  When driving there, you don't expect much as it is not in the greatest area, but you would never know it once you walk inside.  The Rev. Tony Velasquez was courteous and professional and calmed my nerves when we spoke just before the ceremony.  My husband filled him in that I was nervous about messing up my vows and he made sure to take extra care during that part of our ceremony to make sure that I didn't mess them up.  The ceremony was quick and sweet and we were incredibly happy with it.  Dave, the photographer...I cannot say enough great things about this man!!  He made me feel at ease and very natural when taking pictures.  The photos turned out stunning!!!  We bought every single one of them, there were 121, because we just couldn't decide.  It was wayyyyy cheaper to buy all of them vs. picking a few out.  Seriously, this man is incredibly talented.  He captured everything beautifully!!  There really isn't anything negative about this place that I can think of, especially for the price.  I highly recommend it!
5	As maid of honor, it was my duty to find the perfect venue for my boyfriend's sister's wedding. It took me oodles amount of hours searching for the right one and then i came across Mon Bel Ami. From the different packages they offered, (Gazebo and Chapel)  I knew that the place had the potential to be amazing.The wedding took place just last Saturday, January 12th, 2013. Initially we booked the outdoor venue which was the Gazebo package but since the temperature was below 30's we asked if the Gazebo package can be moved inside the Chapel. At first we thought that it will be a lot of trouble since we were changing it so last minute but Mon Bel Ami's staff were more than welcome to accommodate us with the changes.The chapel was beautifully arranged and designed with white roses and and a candlelit walk way, so lovely that anyone can fall in love in this intimate venue. The ceremony was wonderfully and charmingly delivered by Tony, the minister. (i honestly dropped a tear or two) You can feel his sincerity by the words he chose and how he delivered it.The photographer was very skilled as well. A few minutes after the ceremony all the photos were done, and they were captured amazingly. I have never seen such beautiful work!The photos of the venues that they  feature online are very much real and me and my family can validate for that. Thank you Mon Bel Ami for making it a night to remember! We had so much fun!I just want to mention some of the staff that we met: Carrie, Barbara, Lauren, Mr. Photographer (I didnt catch his name) and Tony (the minister) BIG THANKS TO ALL OF YOU. You guys do a great job! I will for sure recommend this place!
5	I just got married at the Mon Bel Ami yesterday and had a wonderful ceremony in their gazebo, they were great from the limo ride over all the way through.  Our minister was amazing my husband is French and was nervous about repeating the vows in English he spoke slowly and clearly for Ben to understand.  We had the cake and  real champagne toast after which was wonderful and very reasonably priced we were not rushed at all and it was a lovely experience I am very happy to recommend them
4	My best friend got married here and I was very impressed with the scenery outside at night.  It was very romantic.  I wasn't so impressed with the photographer and the fact that she could only choose 10 pictures to take with her in the package she picked.  I think this day should have as many pictures as possible!  Would recommend to those looking for a quiet, romantic setting!
4	My sister got married here on Feb 28. Super cute chapel.Pros: great location downtown, beautiful decor, amazing photos, helpful staff.Cons: limo was a little late (not that big of a deal, we were just really excited to get there), also there is a little dirt lot that is next to the chapel that is kinda ugly. But that being said, once you step onto the chapel grounds you forget all about it. They have a beautiful garden.All and all, it was a great place. I helped her pick it out online and i must say, we were very happy overall with our choice.
5	Don't let their website fool you, this chapel is top notch!Mon Bel Ami saved our wedding. We had been booked for several months with another chapel, but they screwed us over 2 weeks before our wedding. Thankfully, Mon Bel Ami saved us. They had an opening on our wedding day and booked us, even though we had to wait to pay them in full until the other chapel gave us our refund. As soon as we contacted them, they took amazing care of our wedding. They were VERY reasonably priced and the service was perfect. We opted to write our own ceremony script and the minister spent extra time to learn our handfasting script, he made sure our son was able to be a part of our ceremony, they got us a second limo so we wouldn't see each other before the wedding, they send us pictures of different flower arrangements to make sure we had exactly what we wanted, and Carrie was ALWAYS available to answer even the smallest questions. The day of our wedding, everything was perfect. Unlike many chapels in Vegas, they only do one wedding at a time and we never felt rushed. It felt like they had nothing else to do but take care of us, despite having many other weddings that day. My wife's limo was actually late due to circumstances outside of any ones control, but it was not a problem at all. The minister went above and beyond to make us feel special, the photographer was AMAZING (WAY BETTER THAN THE PICTURES ON THE WEBSITE), and the staff was there for us every step of the way. I can't think of anything better. I love that we were able to have our first dance, something most chapels do not offer. We did not want a traditional reception, but we really did want a first dance and I am so glad we did not have to give that up to get married in Vegas. Thank you Mon Bel Ami for not only saving our wedding, but for making our wedding day truly special, memorable, and stress free.
5	I don't have the words to tell you how wonderful Mon Bel Ami is but I'll try. Our Wedding was on 3/30/13.We had our wedding booked at another Vegas Chapel but two weeks before they told us they wouldn't do the ceremony they said they would.  We where freaking out to say the least.  We had looked at Mon Bel Ami but chose the other place first mostly because the photos looked better.  Well with only two weeks Mon Bel Ami got us in on the same day and time, did everything we asked for and so much more.  They where perfect from the start, so out going and helpful.  When we told them what happened with the last chapel they where very shocked and even apologized (the other place didn't)Our wedding was more then we could have asked for.  Tony the minister was great.  Our ceremony was a new one for him as we are Wiccan and wanted a handfasting but he did a wonderful job.  Even after the wedding when he came in to talk to us he said he really loved the wording and asked if we had written it ourselves.  For the record yes, we did but we found the out line for it on line.  We also have a 10 year old son that was included in the ceremony and he really liked that.I can't remember the photographers name (I'm so sorry) but he is AMAZING.  The photos are outstanding to say the least.  They really need to update the website to reflect his work because this was the main reason we didn't choose them first.  We also love that we got the rights to all our photos at no extra charge but I think we got the largest photo package they have which really wasn't all that much if you compare it to other places.  The other chapel we booked at wanted to charge us $700 just for the rights and that was on top of the $500 we where paying for a little extra time anyway. The flowers where and still are beautiful, I had 12 red roses with dark red calla lilies around them.  They didn't even start to dry out for a week and that was with no water.  Now I have them hanging above my bed drying and they still look good. With Mon Bel Ami you will get much more for your money with the same or better quality of other larger chapels in Vegas.  I also like that they only have one wedding at a time so it's all about you.  My limo was running a little late but at no point did I feel rushed at all, it was no big deal to them and if it was I sure didn't know it.You can tell that the staff at Mon Bel Ami loves what they do, all of them.  They care about the couples and it shows.  Thank you to the whole staff for saving our wedding and making it better then it would have been.I would only recommend that they update the web site, make it more user friendly and put up new photos.  This would attract more couples to you.
5	Besides the photo prices everything was perfect! I love Carrie And our photos are beautiful! I loved my wedding ;)
5	I sat down to write this review and my husband asks if there is any way we can give them 6 stars -- that is how wonderful we were treated at Mon Bel Ami. The grounds are downtown Las Vegas - towards the north end of the strip but not quite to Freemont - so not in the touristy/glitzy part of Las Vegas. And there is a ton of construction going on around the premises, but once you are there you don't even notice. All of the nice things people have already said about the ceremony spaces are true - the grounds are adorable. Something people have not written a lot about is the reception space/experience - let me tell you it was just as beautiful as the rest. It is basically an old house (built in the 30s) that has be re-done on the inside to be a reception space. It is adorable and CLEAN - VERY important when you're serving food/cake/beverages! We did the unlimited bar package and had 2 appetizers. I'll admit I was concerned about the quality -- were we just going to get grocery store style platters? I shouldn't have wasted my time worrying - the appetizers were high quality and the presentation was gorgeous. And our cake---our cake was DELICIOUS and fresh and everything I could have wanted. The flowers - including my bouquet - were breathtaking. Our photographer was Dave and he was AMAZING I never like pictures of myself and he got SO MANY good ones! One thing I would have done differently is arranged for transportation for all of our wedding party after the reception - we had the limo but for everyone else their best option was to walk down to the Pawn Stars because they have a taxi line there - we did not feel awesome about having our guests do that but honestly after two hours of open bar nobody really minded =)  I will share pics with anyone who wants to see.
5	Just had our 10 year vow renewal here.  They were fantastic!  Very professional and the most reasonable and most flexible to our needs of all the chapels I called.  The venue was beautiful and well maintained.  I bought a photo package up front with all photos on CD which I highly recommend because the only negative reviews are people who don't do this and end up getting reamed buying individual photos.  Dave the photographer was a real pro and very efficient with poses and lighting which was very important considering my husband hates having his picture taken which made it almost painless for him.  The whole thing start to finish was barely an hour.  We booked the pavillion but very contrary to vegas weather it was raining a little and dreary outside so we went inside to the chapel which was much cuter in person, my husband actually liked it better!  Very fun and memorable and got some really great pics.  Highly recommended!!!
5	1/12/13 - the day I commited myself to the person I choose to love for the rest of my life.I couldn't be any happier that Mon Bel Ami was the place we had chosen for one of the most unforgetable, beautiful night of our lives! Hubby and I wanted do a very intimate setting for our first wedding. (Just for family here in the states, since we will be doing the bigger reception back in our homeland.) Something easy and quick, yet not sacrificing elegance and class all at the same time. Mon Bel Ami gave us that, and more. It was a night full of romance, and happy faces, and tears of joy all made possible by the help of this place. We are from LA, so all the wedding planning were done over the phone with Carry. We exchanged tons of emails and phone calls and the like. She was very proficient in calling me back, and asking the right questions to really bring my wedding ideas to life. I wished that I was able to meet her in person, though.When we got to the place the morning of, we were met by Barbara who gave us a tour of the place and to finalize the last minute things. And she was just as competent as Carry. I booked the outside, candlelight setting for a January wedding, but because of the unforgiving weather, we had to move the ceremony in their indoor chapel. It was a last minute change, but Barbara was able to take care of everything to the T. No stress, no fuss, nothing but the wedding that I had hoped for that night. I had also requested for my husband not to see me before The ceremony, and they had made sure that, that tiny detail is also done. They were even able to play the song "Runaway" by The Corrs, as I was walking down the aisle. (My hubby and i's song)  My minister, Tony, was so sincere, and really took time to get to know me, and my now husband. The ceremony was short, genuine, and just beautiful! Photography was good for it's price too! I have the pictures to forever look at and admire. Everytime I think of my wedding night, I couldn't help and just fall more in love with the person I married! Thank you, Mon Bel Ami for that night! You certainly know how to pull very classy weddings in Vegas. You guys know that we will be back for our 1st year vow renewal. We love youuuuuu! Xoxo
5	After ditching our $20k wedding I found Mon Bel Ami online and booked our wedding there sight-unseen since we're out of state. I was super worried, but at every corner our coordinator Carrie set my mind at ease. We opted for their outdoor pavilion and the grounds were beautiful. The changing room for the bride was pretty and accommodating. I met the photographer and officiant and was pleased with both. And then the ceremony... Honestly, I don't remember much, I only had eyes for my husband. :) However, several people raved about the officiant and how heartfelt and wonderful the ceremony was. And then the pictures... We opted for the Le Photo package because we wanted tons of options. Go with this package! It allows your family to take photos on their own as well as having a professional photographer! The photographer was excellent. He was cool, not creepy, and really listened to what we wanted and met or exceeded every expectation. I was FLOORED when I saw our photos. I'll attach several, they can speak for themselves. Altogether, I would get married here 100 times over again. It was beautiful, affordable, classy, and professional. I can't say enough good about Mon Bel Ami. Thanks Carrie!-Mrs. Baker
4	I came to Mon Bel Ami as a guest at a friend's wedding. They had opted for the cheaper Vegas wedding than your average expensive one but in no way did this place feel cheap.This chapel is downtown away from the loudness of the Strip. Parking can be tricky as the lot in front is reserved for limos, but we found a spot on the street for $1 an hour easily enough.Out front is a gorgeous set up of flowers, a mini bridge, and some fake grass that appeared to be a spot for pictures. Coming  up to the door you are asked by a sign to ring the bell to be let in, which I found kinda strange as a guest but it was opened and we were ushered into a chapel room quickly enough. The bride had a room to get ready in as we waited for all the guests to arrive. The groom told us we weren't allowed to take pictures during the ceremony per the company but the lady working their rudely informed everyone that pictures were prohibited not only during the ceremony but at all times on their grounds. That is pretty common for wedding packages in Vegas, but her tone was not. A few stragglers were a tad late and same rude lady told the groom that we'd have to start soon, within 15 minutes of their appointed time, with or without them as the rest of us were led outdoors to a lovely wooden fenced area where the wedding was to take place.A black carpet led the bride down the aisle past the few rows of comfy chairs we were all awaiting her arrival in. Selected music played her up to the white tented area were they were to say their I do's. The wording had been customized by the bride and groom beforehand, allowing them to make it their own nonreligious ceremony about them complete with a time for them to say their own vows which I thought was a nice touch. They lit the unity candles as a discreet photographer and a discreet videographer captured the moments and we all teared up. It was a beautiful ceremony.As it ended and the newly weds walked back down the aisle and out of the fenced area, all the employees followed. After a few minutes of sitting all of the guests awkwardly stood up and wondered what was going on. Were they coming back so we could congratulate them and finally take some of our own pictures? Would someone usher us into a new area to do so? A couple followed their route back inside but were not allowed to see the bride and groom and so we waited some more before the bride and groom themselves had to bargain for time to come out and see us all off, as they had more pictures scheduled with another photographer soon. It turned out they were picking out their pictures to print that they Jax taken during the ceremony.The ceremony was beautiful and the quiet location was nice, but these people need to learn some manners about treating guests. Who keeps brides and grooms hostage while their guests awkwardly wait outside not knowing what's going on?
5	My husband and I renewed our vows for our 20th anniversary.  I chose the chapel because the pictures we saw were beautiful.  Dave, the photographer didn't disappoint!  The staff were very professional from my first phone call, to helping with music, and pictures. The bridal room was nice as well as the chapel. Everything was well organized and we didn't feel rushed.  Our experience was well behind our expectations.
5	I got married at Mon Bel Ami Wedding Chapel on May 31, 2014. I'm from Chicago, so I used reviews and other websites to choose where my husband and I would have our ceremony. We had about 40 people come with us to the ceremony, and I didn't want to spend $20k (I could do that at home) at one of the hotels.The whole process to book and choose my package was very smooth and easy. I worked with Carrie the entire time, and she was patient with me and all my questions. Once we settled on the packages I wanted, she even let me customize a bit - we only had Maid of Honor and a Best Man, so we didn't need the extra flowers for attendants that was included in my package. They allowed me to have the flowers presented to the moms. I also was not a fan of flower pedals on the ground since I am totally that girl that would have bitten it! They allowed me to switch out the flower pedals for a candlelit aisle (I'm actually shocked no one caught themselves on fire knowing our crazy group). Their professionalism shows they have done this a lot and have a great system down. The day of I had arranged shuttle buses for our group, so we went in the back way after the last wedding was done. I was ushered to the bridal room while the guests sat in the chapel. The one downside of this particular day was that the air seemed to be on the fritz. It wasn't off completely, but it was not as cool as we all probably would have liked. I'm sure the number of bodies did not help the situation, but we all got through it. Bottled water was freely offered to everyone.The photographer (sorry, I forget his name) was awesome. You could tell he's done this before and knows all the best areas and poses at the Chapel. He took pictures of me seperately and with my maid of honor before the ceremony and then my husband and his best man. He took pictures throughout the ceremony. I purchased the 100 photo package and that included all the standard family posed pics, pics of myself and my husband after the ceremony, the already before pics and pics during the ceremony. We walked out the door with a CD of all our edited pics and a DVD of the ceremony. Talk about turn around!!Something to note about photos: You and your guests are NOT allowed to take any pictures without purchasing a specific photo package. When I booked it was the 100 photo package, but I think the website now indicated the 60 picture package qualifies. Totally worth the money if you are bringing any other guests.The ceremony was just as we preferred - short and to the point. I think when I went back and watched the video it was 6 1/2 minutes long. It seemed longer at the time because I was worried about saying the wrong thing or totally falling on my face. There were things we opted out of - the unity candle or sand thing, saying our own vows, etc that would have lengthened the ceremony. To be honest, 6 1/2 minutes was perfect for us. They were more than willing to be accomodating with whatever we wanted, so keep that in mind.I don't know about any of the other chapels, but I felt Mon Bel Ami was the right choice for my husbad and me. Our guests were all very impressed and thought it was a lovely ceremony and location. The only complaint I heard was about the warmth in the Chapel, but they were accomodating with the water. Everyone asked if I had been there before and were shocked when I told them I picked Mon Bel Ami amongst all the other chapels based on the internet and feedback! I recommend them completely!!
