5	The google map shown on their website is incorrect.  It's located at the NWC of Van Buren, Grand and 7th Ave.  Work nearby and watched them dismantle the prior car wash and rebuild this one.  It appeared to my slightly trained construction eye that they maintained the drains and building foundation.  Yay beneficial reuse!Cheap but does a good job.  I didn't bring towels to dry off my car, but it didn't spot after.  My dog likes to go for car rides and trips to the dog park.  I am constantly battling dog hair in the car, especially this time of year.  I love my dog but damn the hair makes me crazy.  The unlimited vacuums are included in every wash and SUCK.  When I say SUCK I mean suck in a good way.    The vacuums are seriously fast and effective at removing the dog hair and Phoenix dust.  I'm planning to go on their monthly plan (right now $10/mo) simply for the SUCK vacuums, the wash is a nice bonus.
5	$17 for unlimited  'clean freak' car washes, free vacuum's, air freshners and wipes per month? NICE!
4	I'm impressed.  Sometimes you need a quality rinse and other times you need a more thorough wash and detail.  Here you can get both and a few options in between starting at $3 and the vacuums are included. They give you a moist towel for cleaning the dash. Apparently you can't get unlimited washes for under $ 20 /month.
5	If it weren't for this place being practically right next door to me, my car would never get washed. Ever since Clean Freak moved right next door to me though, I have been taking advantage of their super-cheap membership!! I only pay $17 a month (their most expensive package) and I get unlimited detailed car washes, free vacuums, a little Armor-All wipe, and air fresheners! I wash my car here almost every other day and I have no complaints.
5	Somehow I've always managed to live very near to a Clean Freak Car Wash (no matter where in Phoenix I move) so they've been my go-to ever since I came to Phoenix! After realizing that having a black car in the desert means constantly having a visible layer of dust, I signed up for their unlimited wash package! For $17 a month I can take my car through every day if need be! Add on a complimentary air freshener, detail towels, and vacuums, and I've got a spotless car, inside and out all the time!The staff are extremely helpful and friendly, and always remember me and my wash preferences! Thanks Clean Freak!
5	This place is awesome! Been going here for a few months now since I got a monthly pass for $14. They give you a wipe to clean your dash and free vacuums. People that work here are pretty friendly too. Sometimes it gets crowded but well worth the wait and puts other car washes to shame. The amount you pay for a month of washes here, is what 1 was costs at the bigger name places.
4	This place is great!, the only issue I have is that my rims aren't cleaned.  I wished they offered this service even for an additional charge.  Other than that I love it!
5	This little car wash is special!  I waited to post a review until I had tried it several times during the last month or so, & it's time to rave it up.This operation is about half way between a do-it-yourself and a full-service car wash.  First off, you drive in & have the option at parking at a station where you can give your tires & wheels a little brushing, as well as the front end if it has bugs stuck to it.  Then you drive over to the pay station & give the VERY FRIENDLY staff member only $3!  The gate opens & you drive into the entrance to the fully automatic exterior wash & dry tunnel.  While your car is going through, you wipe of your dashboard & console areas with the little damp pad the attendant gave you when you paid.Exiting the tunnel, you park in your choice of a shady or sunny space, where there are powerful vacuum hoses to use FOR FREE.  You can also dry off your car of the little bit of water that remains on it from the spot-free rinse, or not.I like the next wash option up, the $5 one.  In addition to the $3 wash, you don't have to stop at the wheel & bug station, as that is all taken care of by the machinery, which also cleans the brake components that are visible but hard to reach behind your alloy wheels, if you have them.There are fancier options too, that include air freshener & so on, but they don't hound you with upsells.  If you want to pay in advance for 4 washes, they'll let you come in & get as many washes as you like for a month!  If you prefer to pay for one visit at a time, you get a free wash after 6 with their free loyalty club membership.EVERYTHING IS RIGHT ABOUT THIS PLACE!  Your car gets clean, the staff is terrific, the prices LOW, & you're in & out of there in a short time!  I think it makes good sense to come here most of the time, & then if you don't want to clean your own interior glass & so on, go to a full-service car wash occasionally.     :-))
5	I use this place every time I need a car wash. It is quick and the guys working are always nice and helpful. I was able (can't quite remember when last year) to spend $20 on a gift card and receive an additional $20. Pretty awesome! It is a great place to get a basic car wash!
2	They just can't quite reach the tough spots, like my entire rear bumper. I don't know what is wrong with the machines at this car wash but I always feel like I need to clean my car after going through. On more than one occasion I've had to ask to go back through to get the rear of the car clean. I drive a normal size sedan so I don't know what the problem is.
5	Love their monthly package, and their service-men are all incredibly cute. Seriously. Every one of them. My mom commented on the incredibly suction of their hoses.ANYWAY, We came here, got the $5 wash, the car smelled great on the inside as the soap went through, and we came out spotless. I wish there was one north of the Interstate 10, but there isn't. I still drive all the way down here from 5th and indian school to get a car wash. Lovely place.EDIT: when I wrote "as the soap went though", I didn't mean that soap got inside my car, lol... I meant that the wonderful aroma of the soap lingered for a few seconds, almost not warranting a car freshener.
5	This place is the In n Out Burger of car washes! The simplicity of it is what makes it awesome and they're able to focus on what they do best. After reading the reviews on yelp I finally decided to take my Dodge Charger, before I had always washed it myself but I decided to give these guys a try. When I pulled up the salesman was super helpful and patient not trying to up sell at all. It felt like that scene in Charlie and the Chocolate factory when they go through the car wash! My car came out show room clean and the tires retained the shiny wet look which I love. I feel like driving my car through mud puddles just to give the guys a challenge next time!! I'll for sure be back.
3	Made my first visit here today after my fiance noticed a bird went to town on his hood. I usually visit a Danny's car wash or the like but didn't have a ton of time to wait around and wanted the hood cleaned off ASAP so not to damage the paint. I'd seen this place several times while waiting for the light on 7th Ave and Van Buren and was always a little skeptical of a $3 car wash and one that uses brushes. It was closest to me and cheap so I thought I would give it a go. You can enter from Van Buren or Grand Ave. They do accept Credit/Debit cards and I noticed several spots for pre and post washing to further clean. I opted not to since I was in a hurry and hopeful that I wouldn't have to do anything pre-wash. I pulled up and someone gave me the low down on how things worked. He was very friendly with no upselling and I opted for the $5 wash thinking it might have a bit more 'oomph' to get the hood completely clean. Though there were probably 10 cars in line, the line went really fast and I made my way up to the attendant who helped direct my car onto the track. He handed me the towel to wipe down the console and away I went.Let me just say, before I moved to PHX, I used to wash my car at a self service place and hand wipe it down. I'm a bit OCD when it comes to a clean car. I even take the swiffer dusting pads with me to remove any lint that my rag leaves on the interior. When I moved out here, I quickly realized almost no one does this and no one wants to do it in 115 degree heat so I've been a full service customer for the last year. I hoped that this would be a cheaper option to the $15-20 trip to Danny's but the wash didn't quite hold up....It was very unnerving at first just having the car move along the track but I didn't run into anything so that's good! There were several big brush rollers that went over the car and I passed through sets of rollers. I didn't smell anything like other's have mentioned though. The wipe they handed me was okay but it did leave a few lint particles on the dark surfaces. I thought for sure with all of those brushes I'd come out spic and span so I didn't even stop to wipe down anything and just headed home.When I got out, the wash probably got about 90% of the spots off the hood which is pretty acceptable but I still needed to clean it and get it off completely. I then noticed several bug leftovers on the backs of the side mirrors and it almost didn't touch the bugs on the bummer. I may go back if the car just has dirt and dust and opt for a full service place for bugs and harder to clean spots.
3	The other issue is recently I've had problems with the automatic gate. Seems this is the only place that I have an issue with the scanner as I am a monthly member. Wish they fix this issue soon. Frustrating when you're in a hurry.
4	For a self service wash, clean freak is top notch. They do a pretty thorough job of quickly and efficiently cleaning cars. Don't get me wrong, this isn't a full service wash, but if you want a quick car wash that is actually going to clean your car, then Clean Freak will generally do the job. My only complaint is they do a terrible job cleaning tires. On occasion I have paid the extra for the tire scrub and felt ripped off. Otherwise, I highly recommend.
5	This is the only place I'm taking to get my car washed from now on!  The people who work there are friendly and helpful.  The car wash is cheap ($10 for their most deluxe version). And you can use their air hose to dry off your car afterward if you are truly a "clean freak" and can't stand water spots -- I am not, I don't give a hoot about water spots.I also love that their vacuums are included.  I have a dog who frequently rides in my car and fills it with her fur, so I need frequent vacuuming of my interior!  And I am more thorough than any of the people who work at the other car washes, so I prefer doing it myself than having someone else do it.  Plus, those ppl don't vacuum the trunk of my SUV, which I can do here.They also give you a nice air freshener and rags to wipe down your dash and seats.I'm sure I'll be back soon!
3	Worst free car wash ever! After 2300 miles of driving from florida I jumped on the free carwash with oil change deal. the car was not even clean at the end.
1	Great deal for a monthly pass but many of the workers are rude Free vacuums are great Quick and easy to get in and out of
5	We get our car washes for $14/mo for unlimited car washes and free vacuum.  Excellent location for those that work or live downtown.  The attendant are friendly and there is hardly ever a line.  Of course, it's not detailed car washing, but it beats waiting in the sun half an hour and still have to remember to take out a few bucks for tip.  I'm comparing it to the likes of Danny's.  So five stars for convenience, speed, and friendliness!
3	Pretty good drive-thru car wash, nothing out of the ordinary.  However, I was able to purchase ultd washes for the month for only $10 which is awesome!!! :)
5	I find these drive thru cleaners just the thing I need. Don't have a fancy car but like to keep it clean ever now and then and this hits the spot. Courteous service, quick and easy and haven't had any issues. Bonus for me is if you follow them on twitter (and with a little luck) you can score a free car wash here and there on Fridays. I've managed 3 so far and it always helps.
4	I have been going to the car wash for over two years. They are some of the friendliest and nicest staff around. I usually get the express drive thru wash which can't be beaten for $5 and it only takes 2-3 minutes and i'm outta there. They have waxed and detailed my car several times and it always comes out imaculate. I highly recommend this car wash.
