1	Hmm .. well this place sucks. I would not try this out. The only thing good about this place is their service. Their local drafts are ok. I just was not ok with the quality and the taste
3	I like the atmosphere and the quesadilla's are awesome.  The drinks are kinda expensive.
5	Houlihan's has turned around quite a bit.  I like the appetizers and the (over priced) drinks.
3	Excellent service and the food was pretty good.  We had the blue cheese bacon bites to start off and they were unique and very tasty.  I had the rosemary chicken, vegetables, and mashed potatoes and it was ok.  I didn't eat all of the chicken, the potatoes were good, and the vegetables were swimming in butter and seemed a bit over cooked.  The drinks were overpriced but for a nice night out, this was a good choice.
4	Wow, impressed.  Not the Houlihan's that I remember.  Definitely changed for the better!The starter menu had a great selection.  We ordered bruschettas that came with goat cheese and olives.  I was skeptical of the goat cheese...but, oh my goodness...YUM!  I forgot for a second that I wasn't in San Francisco!Key Lime Pie martini.....absolutely necessary.Completely new menu.  Asian dishes, fish, meat....a huge, wide variety.  When I think of Houlihan's, I used to think of typical chain American restaurant with nothing but fried food and burgers.  Not anymore!Check it out.  Worth revisiting.
4	The tuscan white bean salad was PHENOMENAL! I like this so much I am going to atempt to make it at home. Beautifully plated. Also has the wild mushroom enchiladas which were good, but not special. They have a fifteen minute guarantee on your food arriving from the time the order is placed, so it would be a great choice for a lunch break. Also, very nice wait staff.
4	Let me tell you something.... it is not easy to make a good French Onion Soup! It is quite easy to screw this one dish up....But Houlihan's passes the test and serves one of the best French Onion soups that I have had the pleasure of eating. In fact, I peeled off the cheese on the side of the bowl because it was that delicious! My main course was an Atlantic Salmon with bread salad and asparagus.... I will just have to deal with the "smelly pee-pee" that is commonly associated with asparagus! The salad consisted of arugula (or Rocket) and was served with a balsamic vinaigrette dressing. This place was packed on a Friday night, was very clean, and the service was friendly to the point that the servers were constantly apologetic for things that did not require apology. They definitely had an "I can do it" attitude and believed in good customer service.
4	OK so if you are stranded at Station Square in Pittsburgh and can't get out, then Houlihan's is the best option.  Good food and reasonably priced plus the service is solid and they even have a 15-minutes-or-it's-free deal during lunch on the weekdays.The soundtrack they play is even pretty good so if you need to eat and can't get outta the complex, take yourself to Houlihans!
4	I live on Mt. Washington, so this place is convenient via incline to try something other than Redbeard's.  The happy hour specials are decent and the app's are tasty and diverse.  My biggest complaint are the wait staff both in the bar area and the dining area.  They are just not attentive.  If you get to the happy hour at 6 and expect to have two drinks, guess again.  They will take your drink order at 6:15, meal order at 6:30, deliver your drinks at 6:20 and return with your food only in time for 7:05 to see if you need a refill.  Ask before the specials end.Otherwise, this is a nice change of pace.  From my prior review, the drinks are still pricey
5	Grilled Salmon salad is awesome! I arrived after a long day of travel in 3 cities and Gina was my server at the bar, she has great energy, be sure to ask for her, great service also
4	This is a good upper-mid range restaurant that has a good selection of food. I was very pleased with the calamari when I had it.
4	A group of about 15 of us went here for a friend's birthday. The staff was super friendly, attentive, and accomodating. They were quick with the drinks, everyone's checks were correct, and they didn't mind us getting rather rowdy/drunk. We will certainly be back for happy hours in the future.
3	For our first visit to Station Square, we were looking for a place to grab some dinner before a night out at Whim.  There is no shortage of restaurants in Station Square, but they're all (I think) chains and franchises and nothing really caught our fancy.  I remembered Houlihan's from my childhood back in Michigan, and the menu looked tasty, so we stopped in to check it out.Boy, is this NOT the Houlihan's from my childhood!  A glance at their Wikipedia page shows that back in 2002, Houlihan's revamped their concept from a cozy family restaurant to a still cozy but more trendy restaurant fit for both families and for other groups of folks.  It's still pretty casual and we felt overdressed in our club clothes!They have a large drink menu with some interesting options, like a "martini flight" that lets you try smaller portions of cocktails.  I ordered the X-Rated Flirtini which I was a little embarrassed to say out loud, but it ended up being a tasty, sweet, and strong concoction of champagne and vodka with some exotic fruit juices.  Unfortunately, our server forgot to bring it out.  I did remind him, after our appetizers had already come, and then he went off to get it, but I was disappointed that the whole thing took about 15 minutes.  By the time I got it, our entrees were out.There is a FourSquare deal here for a free order of fries when you check-in, so we took advantage and ordered the Truckstop Fries, which were covered in "chipotle cheese sauce."  They were tasty, and we observed that they were less salty than we expected, which was a good thing.  I definitely didn't get the "chipotle" flavor, which to me is smoky and rich.  They were clearly going for a southwestern vibe, I think there were scallions and such on the fries, but the chipotle flavor was missing.We ordered some mini-sliders that were tastier than we expected - I think the pulled pork in particular we enjoyed, and we split the Brentwood Chicken Sandwich which was simple but fresh and well-prepared.  It was a good amount of food for two people and we were way too full for dessert.I wouldn't go out of my way to return here, but I feel like this is a good option if you are down in Station Square and need to grab a bite.  The menu is creative, you will absolutely find something that satisfies a craving.  Even the unhealthy options taste a little more fresh, because they don't overdo the salt.  Still, service was a bit slow and forgetful, and the food really wasn't memorable.  But sometimes you don't need memorable, you just need dinner.
3	Had dinner there Saturday night with my wife. Arrived a little after 6 and got a table right away - NICE. Our waiter was great and really took care of us during our visit.  We started with a nice glass of wine. Our food arrived quickly and was good. I wouldn't say outstanding but good.  I had the Brentwood sandwich.  It was tasty although the chicken breast was a bit thick for a sandwhich. (I personally would have pounded it and tenderized it a little - but that's just me!) The fries were a bit of a disappointment. They weren't really hot and appeared to have been pulled from the oil a little too soon. Still a bit white. Fries should be golden brown - right?My wife had the fish tacos. The came out in flour tortillas.  Really?? Who eats fish tacos in flour tortillas? (use fresh corn tortillas man! - doubled up of course!) Anyway.  If they had been hand made thick hot fresh tortillas, well, that would have been a little better.   But these things looked and tasted like they were right out of the bag from the wholesale food supplier. Pity, the filling of the taco was quite tasty according to my wife. She ate the filling of the second one and left the shell.The service - excellent. The food, well, maybe it was just bad timing.  I would definitely give them another shot. Check them out for yourself and let us yelpers know what you thought!
4	I know, it's a chain restaurant. But don't hate me for going to a non-local restaurant. Each Houlihans in Pittsburgh has a different decor which makes them unique, but across the board the food is consistent, so I like this as a go-to for a quick bite.I normally go to Houlihans for lunch- their combo lunches are a great deal and the portions are big for lunch. My favorites include the pot roast, which is moist and layered on a pile of mashed potatoes and topped with fried onion straws. I also enjoy their creamy baked potato soup (and it surprisingly isn't that bad nutritionally) and the tortilla soup that is spicy and comes with a dollop of sour cream.Recently, my wife brought home an ahi tuna salad. When I opened it, I was met with mixed greens, cabbage, sushi grade ahi tuna, and bananas. Wait- bananas and tuna?? I know, I was skeptical too, but surprisingly they go very well together. Definitely give this salad a try.When I was in college, I lived on their long island iced teas, which come in huge mugs and you can pick from different alcohols to have them mixed with. They also have a decent mix of beers, and the prices aren't too bad. Plus, Houlihans has a 15 minute lunch guarantee, and they will actually tell you when it's been longer then 15 minutes which i think is pretty cool.Make sure you sign up with their loyalty program- free food for your birthday and lots of deals the rest of the year.
3	We stopped here for a bite on our baseball tour (PNC Park).
3	We stopped in for dinner after a Duck boat tour of Pittsburgh!We were sat at a table right away, after a few min were greeted and ordered drinks and a app.  I then checked in on four square and was given a special offer for free fries, I asked about it and yes FREE !So I order fries and we ll ordered of dinners.... My fried pork sandwich was out of this world good... But when the bill came the FREE fries were still on the check but my other half had already paid the check. :-(On our way out 2 employees and a female manger talking at the hospo desk never said goodbye or asked how things were.... So food A but service and overall staff D..  Hospitality and service employees don't know what service really means anymore!
1	I've been to Houlihan's in other cities, but was sorely disappointed in the Station Square chain.  We waited a solid 20 minutes for someone to take our drink order once we were seated.  Wait staff walked by us several times.  Finally I asked someone to help us.  When we put in our food order (appetizers only) it also seemed to take forever.  I had to get up and ask the hostess to find us some place settings so we could eat, and that took forever as well.  The food was nothing special.  If they are busy, skip this place.
1	First and last time, I've ever been to a Houlihan's.  Nothing was memorable other than long wait for an empty restaurant and cold food.
2	I typically really like Houlihan's, but my recent experience at this location left a lot to be desired.  We wandered in on a Tuesday night and managed to get a table right away as it wasn't crowded.  After perusing the massive menu, my brother and I decided that we'd get some appetizers to share.We started with the nachos - they were just OK.  They were topped with ground chicken that seemed to be completely unseasoned.  We both ate around the chicken.  It was also an odd gray color, but I won't dwell on that.  Then we opted to try a couple of sliders and the Houlihan's version of the "poutine."  The sliders were decent, but the poutine was awful.  It's fries topped with their pot roast and gravy and some cheese.  The fries were obviously straight out of the freezer and hadn't been cooked quite long enough so they weren't crispy at all.  They also appeared to not have stuck the entire dish in the oven, but just topped the undercooked fries with the gravy and pot roast, and then some cheese.  So the cheese wasn't melted, and it was all just kind of gross.  It was really disappointing.And then finally we got the bill - we each had 2 glasses of wine, and 3 appetizers and it was $70?  No thanks.  I can think of many other places to spend less of my money on much better food.
4	So houlihans is one of those wonderful restaurants that gives you free birthday dinner if you sign up for their mailing list. I got the fajita with shrimp (not actually on the menu). It wad good, but they ended up charging me close to $20 for it... I think $5 more than the steak version is a little steep for shrimp but whatever. Sarah S. says the mushroom enchiladas are good too. Happy hour doesn't  include half price apps anymore. Sad-ness.
3	Was just visiting Pittsburgh for the weekend seeing a friend and we decided to eat here after coming down from the incline. It was going to be our last meal before heading back to New York, so we were hoping for a good last meal, and it was a great choice! Located in the Station Square mall, it's easily accessible and looks pretty nice from the outside (and it's clean inside too).The food is pretty traditional American fare, though the name kind of threw me off because I thought it was going to be an Irish restaurant. If you have FourSquare, DON'T FORGET TO CHECK IN because you get free fries with a check in! And it's not just the regular fries, you can get any of them (though I'm not sure about the poutine). We got the Truck Stop Fries (Chipotle Cheddar fries) and it was delicious! The fries were crunchy and savory and the toppings of cheese and scallions made it pretty enjoyable.I saw the prices for the Long Island Iced Teas and was really confused. One glass for $5.95 and a liter pitcher for $6.65? WHAT? How can it be less than one dollar more to upgrade? I pulled over our waitress and asked about it because I thought it might have been a typo. She smiled and said it wasn't, so I asked her to recommend one of them for me. I wanted to get the Jack and... something one, but she said that the Georgia Peach was her favorite so I went for it. Didn't realize the drink was going to be so freaking pink though... I think maybe the entire drink had one/two shots in it and was pretty weak. It tasted really good though.The rest of the food... to be honest, my chicken alfredo fettuccine was not impressive at all. I was disappointed by the arrangement of the chicken, which looked like they shoved it through a food grater and dropped it all on my plate with no aesthetic intentions at all. The pasta and sauce were also pretty bland and was nothing special. The sauce was somewhat watery and had no taste. It wasn't even cheesy, which is the worst thing alfredo sauce could do without just being terrible. My friend's sliders looked pretty good, though I'm not sure how they tasted. My other friend ordered the poutine, which seemed pretty standard though a bit lacking in the duck meat department. The large drink kind of just made my day. I think overall it was a pretty standard chain restaurant. The FourSquare deal, large drink, and calm atmosphere are what sold it for me. The mediocre food and weak alcohol content pulled away the star. I'd definitely be back, though I'll definitely avoid the pasta next time.
2	Ambiance is fine; staff is friendly; prices are decent (but tack on the price of parking). Normally it's a reliable place with something for everyone, and loads of creativity. HOWEVER, as of January 2013 they have a new and vastly reduced menu! Many  items were pulled, including the Big Fancy Spaghetti. I don't understand -- even the fast food restaurants are offering more choices these days, and Houlihan's opts for fewer?
4	Excellent service by Matt, our jovial and attentive server.Our party of 6 (two from Miami, Florida) was pleased by all of our delectable meals...my brown rice with pineapples was flavorful, perfectly complementing my hearty Brentwood sandwich. But my favorite aspect of the dining experience was my beverage--a Chocolate Martini...the rich Godiva chocolate in it was to-die-for, IMHO.
2	Before a recent night out with a large group of friends, we came to Houlihan's for drinks and appetizers. The atmosphere felt a little traditional and dated. Even though it was Saturday evening, the restaurant was practically empty, and our party of 15 or so really had an entire wing of the place to ourselves. Both the service and food were unimpressive. We had two waitresses helping out the table, and the waitress helping my end of the table had an odd personality. As soon as someone would join the table - literally as they were still saying "hello" to the group - she would dash over and ask for their order. I'm pretty sure that everyone had to tell her to give them a few minutes before they could order. Her pouncing tactic made the new arrival feel awkward and start searching the menu quickly before they could even settle down. She seemed nice enough otherwise but just needed some common sense and better training.I ordered a liter of Long Island Iced Tea to share with my husband, but since he wasn't a fan of the flavor, he ordered an additional liter. I normally would be tipsy after 3 drinks, but this entire liter didn't even get me buzzed. We also ordered the White Bean & Artichoke Hummus, which wasn't very special. It all tasted like something that I could've gotten in an average grocery store.
3	Overpriced and small portions, but oh so delicious. Nice location. Not so friendly staff though.
3	I am typically not a "chain restaurant" fan, but Houlihans is one of my exceptions. Oddly enough, I didn't find this one to be as awesome as the one we typically frequent. Food was just a little different. Service was a little rough. However, I must say the manager more than made up for it when we said something to her. As a past waitress, I am more than tolerant of waiting, etc. but it was a bit ridiculous. All that said, If your in town in need a decent meal (chicken wrap, fish tacos, burgers, salads) then I definitely recommend stopping by.
4	Flat bread pizza was pretty good.  Clean restaurant and the staff is very attentive. Not much of chain restaurant person but I don't mind dining here. It's always nice to come down to Station Square and get a change of scenery.
4	I'm not much of a restaurant chain person but we were going for a friend's bday. I was pleasantly surprised as we had a large party, were seated right away and had 2 waitresses.  This place is huge inside and great for a large gathering. The private room in the back looked really nice to have an event in. I started off with an Angry Orchard-one of my favorite ciders. I def. recommend getting one of the large glasses of long islands as they are huge and come in all different flavors.  This is the place to go for happy hour as all the drinks are half off! For dinner I ordered the meatloaf with mashed potatoes and green beans. It was really tasty and enough for two meals.
3	An okay place to go if you are looking for a cheaper place to eat in Station Square.  The food is decent and they have a large variety of liquor at the bar.
2	Many years ago I was in love with the idea of restaurants like Fridays, Chili's, Applebee's and the like. Not so much today as my tastes in food matures. Besides cooking at home, I'd much rather spend my disposable income on family owned businesses, people who put their heart and souls into their business. Houlihan's was never my to go to place, even when I was frequenting these so called casual dining spots. The food was never well done in my opinion. But then again, these restaurants always seemed to copy each other's menus. Houlihan's just never caught their niche. They basically just serve dishes that are nothing special. I've had the salmon, completely under seasoned, overcooked and dry. Served  with green beans and rice. Is that Beaver Cleever's mother cooking back there? It was pretty unremarkable.  Houlihan's will always be like taking your cousin to the prom. It doesn't excite me at all.
3	This is a decent place to grab bite to eat.  Food is not fantastic, but it was very goo for the price you pay.  It's attached to the Station Square shopping mall - that gave us something to do while we waited for our table - plus they send you a text when your table is ready, so there is no worrying about being out if range.
4	Do I look electrified?  I should because I was shocked at how much I enjoyed a meal here.In town for a couple of days and wandered over to Station Square and decided to drop in here for a meal.  I'd eaten here once before and it was unmemorable but figured it was worth another shot.  Sat at the bar where I received fast and friendly service.  My glass of club soda was never empty, which I appreciated.  I ordered a pasta dish and it came out looking like a Kraft Mac n Cheese reject, but then I tasted it and it was very good.  The sauce was nice and spicy and the chicken was tender and moist.They talked me into the brownie sundae for dessert and like a strong wind, it blew me away.Okay, so this isn't fine dining but if the food is good, the service is great and the price is reasonable, then that means four stars in my book.
4	Must try the mushroom appetizer - stuffed with Parmesan cheese and a horseradish sauce. We ordered ahi tuna salad - too much banana (props for their creativity though) & seared scallops with risotto. Quality of food was great and they had a good cocktail menu. Beer selection was ok.
4	Houlihan's is probably my favorite restaurant in Station Square for lunch.The power greens salad with chicken blows my mind!  Its seriously the only time I like kale, and trust me, I've tried all the Pinterest recipies!They've got an excellent lunch menu.  I haven't been there for dinner so I haven't had any of the entrees.  I do know that the food here is consistently good, and so is the service.  And its QUICK.  Houlihan's is not the cheapest restaurant for lunch, but it's a go to on pay day when I feel like spending money.  The salad and a drink end up being $17.00.  You also get a really good cookie with your bill.Also, try the tortilla soup, because it is DELICIOUS.
5	I don't come here often because it's pricey and you have to pay to park, but I ADORE the stuffed chicken breast meal. I've never had anything here that I didn't like - even the freshly brewed iced tea is delicious. Just wish their prices were a bit better.
2	Mediocre food. Terrible customer service. Stood at bar for seven minutes to pick up order to go. No one manning bar. Several servers passed by; no offer to assist. Chain establishment-typical.
3	Chains like Houlihan's have their place.  They're generally reliable, no surprises, and they're good "go-to" places if you're meeting up with friends.  Such was the case when I was out with a couple of friends the other night.After forgoing appetizers for some soup, my friend Lisa settled on the Brentwood Chicken sandwich (could it be because she once lived in Brentwood), while my friend Maryann went for the salmon.  I opted for the pot roast, which I had to admit was pretty good.This Houlihan's has been here for many years--ever since I was a kid.  I'd give it 3.5 stars.
