5	I recently had protective film put on the back bumper area of my new Jeep to keep my dogs from scratching the paint when they jump in the back.  Stewart and Brad were both very friendly and accommodating.  I had a great experience with this business and would highly recommend them.
5	WORTH THE DRIVE!!!I live in Awahtukee and there are hundreds of window tint shops on the way to SMARTFILM.  Stewart and Brads outstanding customer service took care of my sweet 95 C1500 on the same day I called. Very reasonable pricing and excellent work! I will always use these guys as my window tint experts! Drop off your car and have lunch at O'Neils too!
5	If I could give them 10 stars I would!! They are beyond amazing. After calling a quite a few places to find out that every single one was pricing over $200 just for my small civic, I finally found Smartfilm. They were cheaper than all the others and have a great yelp deal going on right now! They're new to this location but found out they've been doing this for 10+ years and it definitely shows! I can assure you they will take good care of your vehicle for the best price out there!! You can tell they are genuine people really trying to help you get the best deal possible! I know for a fact I will never take my vehicles any other place! When you go in ask for the "Tint Ninja" :)
5	I needed my windshield replaced and the Air80 film put on it.  I found them through Apex Tint's old number.  They came out to my house, had the new film preinstalled on the the new windshield and replaced it.  The installer was friendly, fast and efficient. However, there was a very minor mishap at the very end. The installer accidentally put a scratch in the new film trying to clean it.  The installer was extremely apologetic and sprang into action right away.  He informed his shop and they assured me they would make it right.  And they did.  They pulled the scratched film off and put the new one on and it looks great.I would absolutely trust them with my vehicle again.  It was they way they handled things that so impressed me.Thanks, guys, for a job well done.  We all make mistakes now and again, and it's all in how you made it right.  Thank you!
5	Just had my windsheild replaced and windows tinted and these guys are the best! Got me right in, fair price and good work!!! Theyre new but i can see em being around for quite some time!
5	Excellent service, high quality film and reasonable price! I would recommend my friends to go there for tint.
5	This shop is new to our area. It has the friendliest kindest employees! The customer service is excellent! It must be family owned. I had tint put on & decided I would perfer the darker tint which they switced for me at no charge. Plus I had my cat at the vet in the same shopping complex & Stuart actually drove my car over to Petsmart when it was finished! Who does that?? They also do windsheild replacement which includes this new ceramic tint at no extra cost! This tint blocks out most of the heat. Amazing stuff.
5	I was looking around for a tinter that installed Madico Wincos tint.  I rely heavily on Yelp to help me identify shops with a good reputation and avoid those that provide shoddy work and have bad customer service.   Reviews for Smartfilm are all 5's so I gave them a ring.  I talked to Brad and he was extremely helpful and got me in that same day to tint my car.  I'd like to point out that there is quite a bit to do around the tint shop so you don't have to remain there the entire time.  I had a nice lunch, walked to target and then home depot.  When I returned I could see that they had been tinting my car and I was invited to take a look as they were working.  The shop was very clean and well organized.  They use a computer cut system to cut their films so they are perfect... no gaps and the tint is all the way up to the edges.  Very clean.   You can tell Stewart has been doing this for some time.   His application was spot on.  I did have one issue and smartfilm scheduled me to get it fixed immediately.   These guys go above and beyond to make sure you're happy and offer a money-back guarantee if they can't make it right.  What other tint shop do you know of that offers that same confidence in their work and products?I highly recommend these guys and wouldn't hesitate to use their services again.
5	The service is awesome~~ they introduce and recommend the film from each detail. After I tint my windshield and the window besides the drivers seat~ I don't need to turn  my ac to max under the terrible sun.
5	I bought a car back in Feb and the tint was all scratched on every single window. It was noticeable from the inside but I thought I could live with it for a little while. NOPE. It took me months of looking at other cars tint jobs and I finally decided to bite the bullet. So I checked out Smartfilm and they walked me through the different tints with the heat bulb display and after a lot of questions and several tests of the heat bulb as well as a night to sleep on it, I decided to go with the Wincos. It is a HUGE difference, can't feel any heat coming in at all. Everyone was great and patient and the tint looks amazing. I couldn't be more excited.
5	You will not be disappointed.  I made the drive, you should too.  I have had 15+ Tint jobs over the past 10 years.  I found SmartFilm by chance driving by and seeing a sign.  Typically I don't stop in, but I read the reviews first and decided to give it a try.  Stewart is one of the Best.  You can see the film first hand, feel the difference in Heat Reduction, and get educated before you decide.  Tint is very difficult, and can not be completely 100% perfect.  There is always margin for error, but I believe from all of my past experiences, Stewart performed at the TOP.  No Pressure from this guy, they are happy to install whatever you want.   I have waited about 2 weeks since my install to check out every aspect of the tint.  One of the biggest issues I have had with past installers, is that they don't clean the windows very good before installing the tint.  I waited 5 days after install, then washed the vehicle and did a good window cleaning inside and out.  CLEAR - No Smudges or Streaks between the film and Glass.  A+ ... After that experience, I decided to go back and have Brad take care of the full 3M paint protection film on my Ridgeline.  Brads install came out good.  I would say a solid 4 Star.
5	Stuart has tinted all the cars my family drives.   He truly cares about customer service and making sure your car looks great.   They have flexibility with scheduling.   You won't be stuck with a crappy tint job in a few years.    He has the newest tints that keep the heat out.   Get the heat resistance stuff.   You will love it.
5	Smart Film's affable and knowledgeable staff did a great job installing a clear bra on my 2013 Hyundai Veloster using 3M clear film products. The front end of this vehicle has many complex compound curves and folds, yet the edges of the various film cuts and seams are almost invisible and the paint color is unchanged. The job included filming the door mounted rear view mirrors, door edges, door handle cups and rear bumper trunk opening.Smart Film also does FREE windshield chip repairs. These repairs really are free and no auto insurance information is required.Over all I had a great experience at Smart Film and I will receive a good value financial return at trade-in time.
