4	Did you know that the Maison Des Cyclistes is not only a bicycle shop but a cafe too?! I bet you didn't! Well, it is! And I ate there, right next to all those shining bicycle racks!And I had one of the most delicious sandwiches my tongue has ever wrapped itself around, ever.As I was busy getting lost in random parts of Montreal, I followed funky looking rollerbladers down their designated lanes and at the corner of the street, a beautiful marigold building caught my eye. It was like a flower grown from concrete. I was drawn to its red and green store canvas tarp and the large painting of a cyclist above the entrance beckoned me. I walked in and noticed the traditional glass cases where cafes/delis usually keep their sample sandwiches and other goodies. I took a good look at a grilled sandwich with salami, cheese and other vegetables. I remembered my friend Tyler (Montreal connoisseur) told me that cheese in Montreal is especially delicious because the pasteurizing laws were different in Canada compared to the US, so "cheese tastes better." Provolone is one of my favorite cheeses and I noticed that that sandwich that looked at me with big eyes had a big slice of it right on top. I ordered it and stood gazing around for a few minutes. The interior of the cafe was beautiful, a nice set up of tables big and small, many windows for the sunlight to come in and super computer / reader friendly. I could imagine myself bringing a book here and reading with a cup of tea. What I loved especially was their outdoor seating. It lined the building on the less-busy part of the street so you wouldn't get winded by those crazy funky skaters or cyclists. I took my sandwich outside and sat beside a few mothers with their babies in the strollers. I took the first bite. Warm. Juicy, Flavors felt like they were literally caressing my tongue with all their goodness. Sweets and sours and crispiness cascaded down upon my mouth and all I could do was smile at the baby sitting next to me. The best part about it was that I was perfectly content after that one sandwich--and it wasn't too overbearing. I told the lady at the counter afterward (who couldn't understand English very well) that the sandwich I had was so delicious. She just smiled at me. Oh well!I would say this cafe could be the Au Bon Pain or Panera of Montreal, but more delicious and harder to find. That makes it better, right?
5	Delicious cafe facing Parc Lafontaine that is just jam packed with bike maps and books, velo community news and activities, and really tasty coffee, sandwiches and baked goods. This is a hub for bike lovers booking outings with their wheels to Greece and California and all over. It's yellow bright and not very bilingual but very welcoming. They have wine and beers and free wifi too, and the outdoor seating is quintessentially Montreal with the pretty triplexes and wrought iron fire escapes and the sculpted expansive park full of jugglers, picniks and dreams.
5	I like the place.
4	Coffee and bikes. Together. Forever. As they should be.It's a cute location, and although the seating isn't so plentiful, the drinks are tasty and the baked goods even tastier. The times I've been there, there's been a lot of foot traffic from people going in and out of a back room. Hostel? Something sketchier? Anyway, I'm very appreciative of the lovely location, the plentiful bike parking, and the lattes. It's right at the intersection of Rachel and de Brebeuf, both cycle-friendly streets, and across from the bike entry to Lafontaine. A perfect spot, a great cuppa, and then back on my two-wheeled steed I go.
4	My bicycle-crazy friend insisted that we all go here on our visit to Montreal. It's a great little coffee shop (and a bike shop, too-- that's pretty cool!). The vibe reminds me a bit of Maglianero in Burlington, VT. I eschewed a drink in favor of some wonderful chocolate cake thing that was filled with a chocolatey, gooey substance in the middle and it was DELICIOUS. My friends got coffees and beers, though, be warned-- if you get a beer you have to order a non-alcohol item with it. I guess they don't want this place turning into a bar, and I can understand that.Super location-- it's across from the park, and just down the road from Resto La Banquise, where you can find some of the best poutine in the city.
