1	This is the first review I've ever REALLY wanted to leave for a particular hotel. With that said, I have ALWAYS been impressed with hotels I reserve through this site, but I was very disappointed with this particular Days Inn. Previous reviews (both various websites) were VERY deceiving. Most were decent reviews and I understand it's my own fault for going the "cheaper" route and booking this hotel, but really, I have yet to fail when relying on reviews, pictures, star ratings, etc. until we arrived at this hotel.  And I REALLY did my research!First off, we arrived in Arizona (for a fun Spring Training trip) around 2:30pm. Check-in was at 3pm, so I was fine with them telling me that our 2 rooms were not ready. There were lots of restaurants to choose from very close to the hotel and we checked out Applebee's across the street for some drinks and appetizers. The front desk attendant gave me the business card with the phone number to call when we were done. He reassured us that he would not give our rooms away. (But why the heck would he when we already pre-paid through hotels.com??) Anyways, we watched some March Madness and had a few drinks for happy hour and called around 4:30-4:45pm to see if our rooms were ready and they were not. Ok... I wasn't too pissed off... YET... since we needed to make a trip to Costco and the grocery store (which were all very close, which was a plus) and the front desk staff assured us that the rooms would be ready very soon. So, we shopped, got our groceries and returned at about 6pm. It took the front desk a little while to figure out which rooms were ours because the rooms that had been cleaned by housekeeping had yet to be put in the system... So, I'd say 6:30pm (keep in mind check-in is at 3pm) we FINALLY got our keys and low and behold, housekeeping was STILL in one of our two rooms. That was another 30 minute wait and I was keeping my cool. We wanted a fun Spring Training trip and I wasn't going to let this bring down our mood.Now, we enter our FULL KITCHEN Business Suite.... When you think of a full kitchen (as advertised), you would think, stove, oven, microwave... ok, that was all there and outdated, but fine to use because we wanted to make our own food as much as we could on this trip... BUT what was missing? NO forks, NO knives, NO spoons, NO plates, NO pans, there was NOTHING!!! Then... I notice that our fire alarm was beeping, so I called the front desk and they sent someone to fix it. I politely asked him if he knew if they provided pots/pans/utencils/etc. and he said to call and ask the front desk and we noticed that we only had 1 tv remote for 2 tv's (1 in the living room, one in the bedroom). So, with a call to the front desk, they said they'd bring up some cooking utencils/plates/etc... and 2 hours later and 2 more unanswered calls to the front desk, they gave us 2 plates, 2 cups, NO SILVERWARE, and a TINY pot. Ok.. I guess between the 2 rooms (4 people), we could scrap together something with what they gave us... Still we were going to make this a fun vacation and I will say we made some great breakfasts and dinners with what we had! (We ended up heading back to Applebees for late night happy hour and kareoke and stole some silverware... shhhh don't tell). And when we returned an extra remote control was chilling on our doorstep... (Maybe it got stuck in a bedsheet while they were cleaning??? Who knows!)Now for the next part... so they had the standard... if you hang your towel, we don't replace it, if you leave it on the floor, housekeeping will give you fresh towels. So, since we were in Tempe for Spring Training, we left our room around 10am and returned around 6pm... you would think housekeeping would get to your room by then right??? NOPE!!! One day they didn't come until 7pm, the other day they were still cleaning when we arrived and to top it all off, we NEVER got 2 sets of towels/hand towels/face cloths when they were done... Needless to say, they were delivered to our room around 10-11PM...Now for the pool... all I can say is small and not so clean... hot tub was not hot and the pool did not look anything like the pretty pictures on their website.I will give them this thumbs up though... although the room was REALLY outdated and reeked like smoke in a non-smoking room, their beds and pillows were quite comfortable!!With all this ranting and raving... please people... DO NOT STAY HERE!!! Unless all that you will be doing is sleeping and want something cheap!
4	I come to AZ once a year for Spring Training and this was the first time staying here. I was booking online but decided to call to find out how close they were to Mill Ave and Tempe Diablo Stadium. The gentleman who answered was very friendly and helpful. He even gave me a better rate than what I was getting online. With Days Inn's reputation I wasn't expecting a lot, I just needed a place to sleep for two nights. Check-in was quick, immediately I was pleased the room was very clean and spacious and the bathroom was clean also. Location of the hotel was central to where I needed to go. I will recommend to others and will be coming back next year.
1	This hotel is disgusting.  First of all I.made a reservation for four 2 adults and two small children.  There are only 2 bath towels in the room and when I asked for 2 more I was told he could give me only one its policy that only 2 towels be given.  Then my 2 small boys were gonna sleep.on the sofa bed, not only are there no blankets thank (goodness he had only 1 to give us) there isn't even enough room to open the darn bed so we have.to.rearrange.furniture to fully open the bed.  The kitchen is disgusting I.wouldn't cook on that stove or in that microwave if I was dying.  The room stinks as well.  Oh well we came for one purpose and one purpose only to watch out Trojans kick dome scum devil butt..
4	Yes, I am a fan. After stumbling thru a myriad of websites listing area hotels, I reserved this one online. I liked the location, the price and the posted amenities.I arrived at the front desk and was greeted by Heather. Heather was more than on her game as she not only was pleasant to deal with but went out of her way to upgrade me and to see to my comfort.  Friendly, engaging, helpful, Heather is an example of how to engage the  customer and how to make them feel valued.The suite was roomy, had a foldout couch, kitchen and two tvs each with its own remote. Yes, some elements were a bit dated. But the rooms looked and smelled clean (I'm a professional at travel and know how to evaluate a room for "true" cleanliness.) The carpet was clean, and I felt absolutely comfortable about the bath and shower. I have recently been in some hotels that truly warranted a poor rating but this wasn't one of them.  The freeway is close enough to not leave you lost but not so close that you hear the curses of aggravated drivers. Close proximity to entertainment, a variety of restaurants and downtown. Don't pass this one by.
1	C
1	This place is awful!  They don't care about their guests. We were willing to stay long term but they wouldn't work with us.  You would think they would want the moNey but whatever.  It's a dump.  They never have stuff for breakfast.  The maintenance issues never get fixed n we still have sparkling plugs in our room.  When one starts a fire then they will care.
1	I don't really write reviews, this hotel sucks!!!  First night chair is broken and it smelt soo bad!!! Had to bring an air freshener. Next day the shower is leaking and blow dryer is broken...so we complained the next day and wanted to get a refuns on the 2nd night..they won't give it to us!!!! Just part of it....$300 for 2 nights?!?! What a joke!!!! DON'T EVER COME HERE!!!!!
1	I'm usually not one to write reviews, but my stay here was so awful I feel obligated to warn other travelers. I booked a stay here and it cost me $83 a night with tax. When I arrived the property seemed to look nice and safe. When I went to check in I was informed that I would be given a smoking room and was informed that was all they had available. My trip was non refundable so I didn't mind. When I got in the room the carpets and towels were dirty looking and the furniture was outdated. Before I went to bed that night I had found a used syringe underneath the mattress (I always check my rooms for bed bugs).The next morning I had informed the hotel manager that I had found a syringe and I was offered a half a** apology and was basically told I was the travel website's problem. I wasn't offered a refund or any sort of compensation for my bad experience. In short the place is a total rip off and a dump. I will never stay at a Day's Inn again.
1	If I could give less then a star for this hotel I would. The main reason is due to the poor customer service from the front desk. I don't know her name because she didn't wear a name tag nor would she give us her name. She worked on the weekend of 3/21/14 to 3/23/14. She took her precious time assisting our group of 8. She was also texting while working.... Never smiled and never apologized for the long wait. She was in her pajamas Saturday morning assisting people. Also, that evening we went to the pool and asked her 4 times for towels she kept telling us that it was on its way... When in truth the towels were in the dryer and it would taken another 25 minutes....she couldn't be honest and tell us that upfront!?? The stay other wise was so-so.... I will never stay here again just because of the woman who worked the front desk who refused to give her name. Thanks Days Inn Tempe... We will never stay here again the next time we visit Tempe.
3	Ypu get what you pay for.  Tired rooms, stained carpet, patched plaster walls and ceiling.  Nice pool and friendly service at desk.  Inexpensive.  Old TV and appliances.
1	BED BUGS. I checked in on Monday night no problem. Tuesday, woke up to crawling things and red bites all over me. I thought it was an allergic reaction to the cleaning products. Woke up at 2am the next night with the same predicament. Went to the front desk and showed him my bite marks. He checked me into another room and I didn't have any problems. FYI. I've stayed at hundreds of hotels in the last 2 years and never had an issue.
1	I'm really appalled at how the management handled a situation here the other night. There was a group of people drinking by the pool, husbands, wives, and their toddlers, and a physical fight broke out between two drunk women.  There was punching and screaming and eventually the womens husbands separated them.  Later the woman swung at her husband and then the husband punched her back in her face and knocked her to the ground.The night shift manager went out to tell them they had to leave, talked to them, etc and he came into the lobby/dining area that our group was sitting in and we had been watching the whole thing through the window.  We asked him what it was all about and he said that a fight broke out, and he was not going to call the cops because the husbands out there were cops. Which doesn't make any sense. And then he said to us "but personally I don't mind if two women are fighting" in a pretty perverted way.   I was shocked that the hotel manager would make light of domestic violence and also be so creepy about it.Also, the complimentary breakfast was a joke.  There were only waffles and cereal. Bleh
