4	This is the first time I've seen the Rika Arepa Express food truck near my work place and I couldn't find any reviews on yelp, so i'm assuming they are new. Anyway, I googled the name and found their website, where you can find pictures of their products. I was looking toward to munch on some empanadas for lunch but they didn't have any. They told me that they only have empanadas on special occasions. If that is the case, they should have noted on their website about it and when is the heck they consider "special occasion" !!! Another thing that rubbed me the wrong way is that they charged tax separately on the products (other food trucks I dealt with usually included tax in their price already), so I ended up with so much coins in my pockets and the time they sort out coins make wait time longer.Now that I got the anger out of my system, let's talk about the food. Since I couldn't order the empanadas because it's not "special occasion", I ended up ordered a #3 (stewed pork) and #4 (stew shredded beef) arepas. I didn't have high expecation and was just hoping that it's close to the arepas I tried at Viva Las Arepas on Las Vegas Blvd. I was floored when I took the first few bites. Damn, the arepas were good and actually much better than the one at Viva Las Arepas. The bun itself was fresh and not over-oily like the one over at Viva Las Arepas. The pork and beef meats were flavorful, juicy, and not salty like the other place. Overall, I love it and will definitely come back here for arepas. The price is not bad either. The pork arepa is $3.50 + tax, and the beef arepa is $4 + tax. Here is the memo to R.A.E owners, have tax included in the price and round it up to like $4 for pork arepa and $4.50 for beef. Also try to include empanadas in your menu if you have it listed on your website. Ohh, another thing, if you don't take credit card, don't have it listed on your website either. A co-worker of mine had to run to the nearby ATM and pay ATM fee just to get some cash to pay for it when he was told they don't take credit card even though their website said they do take it.
5	Id drive to Vegas for this.. I do drive to Vegas for there vegan arepa.. Ecstacy in a little sandwich with lots of love.
5	Thanks again to Amanda for finding this amazing food truck. It was worth leaving the gym early. The food was absolutely delicious, simple and cheap. Each arepa is about $4-4.50. It's very filling.The foodie partner and I made a deal to get 2 arepas each so we can share and sample as much food as we can. We got a #1 Reina Pepiada, #3 Pernil, #4 Carne Guisada and #11 Pabellano. The arepa itself is nice, warm and crisp. Muy delicioso!Reina Pepiada:Cold chicken breast, mayo, peas, avocado and parsley. It's like a chicken salad in a corn flatbread (arepa). I don't even like mayo and peas but I did damage on this one.  The red sauce works great with this. 4/5Pernil:Roasted pork and tomatoes. Tasty chunks of pork full of flavor. Add cilantro sauce and red sauce  for more flavor. 5/5Carne Guisada:Shredded beef stew. Super tender and juicy beef. Cilantro sauce works great. 5/5 Pabellano:Beans, fried plantains, cheese and shredded beef. It's like the Carne Guisada arepa but packs a meaner punch and has more good stuff. I love fried plantains so I had to get this. You get that sweet, slightly caramelized banana...oh my. The best arepa!!! 5/5After placing your order, it only takes 7-10 minutes for your food to be ready. They also have juices: mango, pineapple and passion fruit. They take credit cards. You can stalk them on Facebook.
4	Thanks to Amanda M. for leading me to this delicious truck.  I ordered 2 arepas to try: the vegan and the pabellano.The cashier actually let me try a sample since I was a first-timer.  I got to try a sizeable hunk of a chicken arepa.  The vegan has black beans, sweet plantains and avocado.  The pabellano has shredded beef, sweet plantains, black beans and cheese.  I love avocado and plantains, so I had to get these 2.My basket of arepas came with a spicy red salsa and a creamy cilantro sauce.  I liked both, but the red one was perfect with both arepas.  I liked both sauces on the pabellano.  The pabellano was so warm, with tangy meat mixing with sweet plantain - the beans and cheese rounded out the dish.  This one I will probably get every time, should Rika Arepa Express not always be on the opposite side of town.The vegan was creamy with the avocado and had a ton of beans.  Once again, plantains made it!  This probably was the first time I had avocado and plantain flavors mixing together, but it worked.  The prices were very reasonable ($5 for vegan and $6 for pabellano).  Some of the arepas are $4ish, but I of course picked the specials (see my pic of specials on menu).  Overall, yummy and filling.  I look forward to the next time!
5	My first time having Arepas...I am now a HUGE fan!Park this bad boy next to Fukuburger and watch all the mindless suckers wait in line for overpriced / forgettable truck food.  Not here at Rika!I tried 4 different Arepas and wasn't able to finish all 4 even sharing!  Meaning, portions are large here and filling!My favorite EASILY was the Pabellon ($6): Shredded Beef, Black Beans, Sweet Plantains and Cheese. It seriously was amazing! I love the combination of black beans and plantains...perfection! Carne Guisada ($4.50): Stewed Shredded Beef. Everything was good, lots of juices in the Guisada.. Yum!  Prob my second fav :)Pernil ($4): Roasted Pork with Tomato.  Flavor was plentiful in the Pernil...hard to go wrong with roast pork!  Reina Pepiada ($4.50): Shredded Chicken Breast, Avocado, Green Peas, Mayo, and Parsley.  This was good...kind of like a chicken salad like mix, but good!BEST truck food I've had in a LONG while!Pics :
5	Delicious!  I order the #11 - Pabellon.  At $6, this is my score of the year!  This fantastic arepa is overflowing with moist, FULL of flavor beef, black beans, sweet plantains and cheese.  It came to two side sauces - a mild and creamy delicious cilantro and an awesome spicy red sauce.  Try this food truck NOW!  :-)
4	Que es la arepa? No se, until tonight, when we rushed over to the Las Vegas Farmer's market at Bruce Trent Park, corner of Rampart and Vegas, to catch Rika before they closed at 6:30pm.  By checking their website's calendar, I saw they would be in my neck of the woods. I had the vegan arepa with avocado, black beans, and plantains - muy delicioso! Plantains make everything alright, IMHO. I tried the b/f's Pabellon with shredded beef, black beans, plantains, and cheese-wowza! We're late to the arepa train, but we're on it now. You should take a ride, too! *Muchisimas gracias to Petra for the recommendation. That kid had good taste.
5	I love this truck and usually try to eat here when they are parked at the downtown Farmer's Market.  Their black beans and plantains are pretty much the best thing I've ever eaten in my ENTIRE LIFE!  And I'm a pig, so I know!
4	Dining with Rika was my first official arepa experience. When I heard they were set up at First Friday while I was there, I knew that was going to be my food destination for the evening and fortunately, it was close. My friend and I were reading the menu as we approached the truck and were offered a sample of their popular Reina Pepiada Arepa while deciding. Well, we didn't have to look much further because it was delicious and it reeled both of us in. I was initially weary of the cold filling, but that was quickly pushed aside by its wonderful flavors. It had the standard shredded chicken breast, avocado, green peas, mayonnaise, and parsley. There was also a bottle of creamy green sauce to accompany your arepas and it was really great, however, there was no way to take it with you (it would have been nice to have it throughout the arepa and not just in the beginning). We really enjoyed the arepas and it was deceivingly filling! So, if you see their truck at an event, make sure you stop by.
5	Where have I've been?  Why did it take me so long to have arepas?  These are just a few questions that I had to ask myself after I had my first bite of their Pabellon.  A few weeks ago was my first time to try Rika Arepa Express and also my first time to have arepas.  Because I have no comparison, Rika Arepa Express is as good as it gets. So what's the big deal?  Lets start with the size of their Arepas. Their Pabellon (shredded beef, black beans, cheese, and plantains) is ginormous. The Pabellon is packed with about 3 oz of perfectly seasoned and shredded beef. There is no way you will be disappointed with this one if you're a carnivore like me.  Stuff black beans, the cheese, and plantains and it's a match made in heaven.  Although all of this is good on its own, it's Rika's arepas that makes this meal a big deal.  The arepas is a flat bread made of corn and served warm with a little crunch to it.  My goodness...I couldn't wait to come back.  I didn't wait too long for round 2 and came back a few weeks later.  This time I had their Pollo Asado (chicken, mozzarella, and their Rika Chimi-churri sauce).  The Pollo Asado was pretty good, but I thought it needed more meat.  My opinion, the Pabellon was better.  Lesson learned...I will stick with what I like.  Pabellon ($6.00):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=AulzUqyw86jIqrRrBqrf-g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQPollo Asado ($6.50):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=oe6pZk2_yxkfvo0vtG47Gg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQTip To Self:  I love how their arepas are warm and crispy. I may even ask if they can keep it grilled a little longer for some extra crunch.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (023/366)
4	I had a craving for something different at First Friday and saw this truck. There was a small line and that gave me time to read the menu, which is part of the wrap of the truck. A toss up between pulled pork and chicken I decided on chicken. This arepa was the #7. Grilled chicken, mozzarella cheese, fresh greens and a chimi churri sauce. It was a good 20 minute wait and I was getting inpatient. The long wait was due to the fact that the couple in front of us ordered about 8 to go. The other reason is they grill the chicken to order. I am definitely fine with waiting on fresh chicken to be be grilled rather than some that was already cooked. The tastes were amazing. Each bit give you just enough of the ingredients listed above in between the warm arepa. It was a lot of food and I had trouble finishing one.
4	#1 Pabellon is awesome. The plantains make it. The sweetness goes great with the shredded beef and cilantro sauce. Waited 15 minutes for my order (not crowded either) but well worth it. Made fresh. Will go back again.
5	This was my first time eating Rika Arepa Express and it was BEYOND AMAZING!!! I have never tasted anything like it and it was SO flavorful! I would highly recommend the #2 and one of their yummy fruit drinks. They give you 20oz of the freshest juice and it is only $2. Such a deal! The portions are huge as well. If you are a fairly light eater you could easily share one. The owner is also very nice and helpul. Service is great.
4	I didn't expect this place to be as good as it is. I ordered the special of the day which had chicken and a creamy sauce, the bread was soft in side and crispy outside. I will definitely try the other items on the menu.
5	I would give this 10 stars if possible. The chicken is so good, perfectly cooked, and add the chorizo and avocado and you just have a feast in your mouth!!!! Rika can count me in as a loyal customer! I am hooked!!!!
4	I went back to Rika and was upset that they didn't have the same menu as the previous week. How you gonna not have the chicken with chorizo? HELLO-when something is a big seller keep it on the menu everyday! Also, I didn't appreciate having to heat up my Arepas because they were cold. The Arepas should always be hot, regardless of the filling. I still gave 4 stars because the filling was delicious, but if I have this issue again, I want be back. And yes, I plan on going back because I want a chicken/chorizo Areapa! And I want it hot! Thank you very much!!!! lol
5	So yummy and portions are large. Well worth the price. Jose is excellent and hospitable.  They deserve patronage.  Quality of food is amazing for a food truck.  The sauce s are great in flavor and spice.
5	I went back and I will say, they had everything on the menu available and it was all good! I am a happy camper and the arepas were hot, no need to reheat. The chicken was perfect and the sauces were just as delish! I can't wait to go back. Now, I expect the same menu when I return, don't play with my feelings like that. Check out their website to see where to find them.
4	Having had this business bookmarked for a while, I finally tracked them down at First Friday last month. I'm no expert with arepas, but thought the two I tried were excellent. At six dollars each, I thought they'd be on the smaller side, but after receiving them I began to wonder how I would finish them. I loved the interplay of savory and sweet in the Pabellon ($6). It was overflowing with black beans, shredded beef, sweet plantains, mozzarella, and cilantro sauce in a masa pocket. The Pernil ($6) was just as good with the pulled pork, black beans, cheese and guacamole providing salty, sweet, and savory notes throughout each bite. I tried to finish both but failed. Large portions, cheap prices, good eats... you can't beat that.
4	The Vegan is amazing, and I have dreams of it at night! It is a decent sized healthy meal for $5, and I am so glad they have currently added more hours espcially at night!
5	Heard Rika was going to be at Bad Beat Brewing on 08/09/14 so we decided we DEFINITELY had to get down there. Rika's not frequently in Henderson so we definitely had to take advantage. This place is delicious. I ordered the shredded beef arepa and the chicken/sausage arepa. Both were delicious. Served hot and with a side of fried plantains. The chicken/sausage was my favorite. The arepa itself is slightly crispy on the outside which makes it a perfect little pocket for all those delicious fillings they put in there. I have not been to the "other" arepa spot in town, but I've had Rika three times and can honestly say I frequently look at their calendar in hopes that they will be near me. Their drinks are delicious and the arepas are pretty close to perfect. The owners are also always very friendly and helpful.
5	Found the truck outside Bad Beat Brewing and ordered a delicious arepa to eat with my beer.I wasn't really sure what an arepa was, but food trucks more often than not hit the spot. However, now that I know what an arepa is, and how well Rika Arepa Express makes them, they can go ahead and park on my driveway. For Free. Seriously.I think they've changed the menu items up, or at least the order of them, based on other pictures and reviews here, because I could have sworn I had a #1, but it was shredded beef with plantains, black beans, and cheese. And I did NOT regret my choice. So good. I think what makes these arepas are the plantains, so I highly suggest to pick one with that in it. You can also add some items for an additional charge, like avocado, if it doesn't already come on your arepa.
5	This was by far the most delicious arepa I have ever had. As soon as I bit into my La Reina my mouth was greeted with an amazing concoction of flavors. I've been going to Viva Las Arepas for years and I can say this was far better. The chicken was amazing very well cooked with fresh vegetables. As soon as I finished it all I could think of is how I wanted more.
5	This was my second go at arepas, and I'm glad I gave them another shot! My first experience was okay, but I didn't love them. This place however has me craving arepas! I wasn't starving so I decided to forgo the meat and try the vegan- black beans, avocado and plantains. YUM! This combination was amazing! And the 2 sauces were the perfect addition! While I was hoping for a less filling meal, this sandwich was packed full, so I was pretty stuffed when I was done. These things don't look that big, but they're quite deceiving! Big thanks to Bad Beat for having them out in the parking lot. I hope this truck comes back to my neck of the woods soon so I can explore more of the menu!
