5	We met Jeff at the Home and Garden show in Phoenix and shortly thereafter engaged Scottsdale air for regular preventive maintenance on our a/c unit.  We knew it was close to having to replace the system.  They were honest, professional and courteous.  Jeff is exteremely experienced in design and solved our lack of airflow problems with some duct work changes and additions. They made good recommendations and showed us all options for different a/c units.  When they came to do the work they were prompt, professional, and the house was cleaner when they left than it was before.  They showed us how to work the new system and it was truly an "easy" experience.  We'll be using them for regular maintenance and recommending them wherever we can.  They were wonderful oh and were no pressure too!
5	These guys really are the best !  For 18 years (and 2 homes) we have relied on Mike and his crew at Scottsdale Air.  Every single member of this company has been prompt, courteous, amazingly knowledgeable and well trained.  They are always quick to point out ideas to help you to improve and extend the life of your existing system and will provide honest and very reasonably priced options when the time comes to replace your failing unit.  They perform their work quickly, neatly, and finish with the highest quality.  Once you do choose these guys they will make sure you know that they will always be there to provide you with friendly and reliable service, and when the worst does happen during that 100+ degree heat and you need service immediately, you know that this reliable crew will happily and quickly have your back.   From making that very first call you will be more than happy that you chose Scottsdale Air.
5	It is a pleasure to endorse the superior team at Scottsdale Air. I have had a professional relationship with Mike Cross for over 20 years and have watched him build his highly respected and successful business. From his Office Staff to his Service Technicians, Michael has always surrounded himself with the most highly trained professionals.  His team has exceptional knowledge of the HVAC industry along with a high degree of pride and outstanding customer service skills. There are tons of air conditioning guys out there but only a few who can be truly be classified as "HVAC EXPERTS".I believe that the success of Scottsdale Air comes down to what I see as Mike's core values. Honesty, integrity and customer-focused professionalism resonate throughout his organization.  I have trust in the work they do today and the confidence that Scottsdale Air will be there for me tomorrow and for years to come.Thanks Mike, for the continued Excellence!Bill P.Scottsdale
5	The Tech just left, I will post up a few other reviews because the service and the workmanship have always been great. I have purchased THREE units from them and had service done 2 times. Well, this call was because I was unsure if the unit was working right. They came right out, spent over a hour making sure all the readings were correct and I even programmed the thermostat (Which made a huge difference).THANKS SCOTTSDALE AIR!
5	OK...19 years (3 houses) and counting.  I wouldn't even consider using anyone else. They know EVERYTHING...can answer any question...are always on time and quite reasonable.  The techs are professional and courteous and the office is always prompt and efficient.  Mike--what a way to set an example for the rest of the country!!!!!Susan C.Phoenix, AZ
5	Allow me to join the five-star bandwagon on this company.I found them on Angie's List where they have 70 reviews - all positive. Of course I also checked them out on yelp. Couple all the positive reviews with a discount coupon for a spring check-up and I found a winner.I got scheduled out three weeks from my phone call but checking out my units wasn't exactly an emergency.A tech (Robert) showed up on-time. He was polite and went right to work checking things out.  He pointed out that an air noise that was bothering me was because there was a five ton air handler in the crawl space for a three and a half ton unit and the duct for the return was too small to handle the volume of air.  Side note, last year I had a return duct collapse and I now suspect that was because of the same problem.One of my units wouldn't start up and Robert found that mice were nesting in the unit and had chewed on some of the wiring. He repaired damage and made suggestions on how to stop the mice in the future.Robert explained that everything else checked out and, except for the return duct issue, I should be cool this summer.  They're sending an estimate on the return - I'll keep you posted.
5	As promised I received an estimate to replace the return ducting to take care of the noise problem.  I accepted it and they came out the next week.The noise problem is now taken care of and they found another problem. The original installer (Arizona TradeMasters - see separate review) put a 5 ton air handler in the crawl space for a 3 1/2 ton unit. That's apparently OK with Trane but they're supposed to set the air handler properly - so it moves air for a 3 1/2 ton unit, not a 5 ton unit. They didn't do that which contributed to the noise problem. Scottsdale Air reset the air handler and did the same for my other unit at no charge.The work was done efficiently and professionally - I'm very happy with my service.
1	We have used Scottsdale Air several times in the past.  The last time was definitely the last time.  The technician who came out was RUDE, RUDE, RUDE.  He told us the problem was not fixable and that they would have to replace the system for thousands of dollars.  We called a different company for a second opinion and they said it was quite obvious what the problem was and were able to fix it in just over an hour for a few hundred dollars.  I do have to say that when we called the office to complain they were very pleasant, but it did not make up for the nasty, condescending technician.  We will never use Scottsdale Air again.
5	I have been meaning to leave this review for months now and am just now getting around to it. Scottsdale Air came to my rescue when my A/C unit of 14 years finally took it's last breath. It was in the heat of the summer and on a Sunday no less. I called Scottsdale Air first, but chose to have another company that was just a bit less expensive come out to assess the situation. What a mistake that was! Very unprofessional and harassed me for days to get my business. I then contacted Scottsdale Air the next morning and not only was the gal who took my call exceptionally friendly, but she was able to get a technician out right away and accommodate my scheduling limitations at the time. What a great experience! The gentleman who came was professional, knowledgeable and put me at ease with his expertise immediately. Very impressed! The very next day the crew was there to install my new and wonderfully quiet A/C. They also were very friendly and professional and clearly knew what they were doing. I especially appreciated their efficiency and did a great job of cleaning up after themselves too!So, the good news about procrastinating on this review is that I can tell you my A/C was a good investment and is running beautifully. I will continue to use Scottsdale Air for servicing and maintenance in the future.
5	Scottsdale Air is the only call you need to make if you are in need of a new a/c system or repairs.  I own a restaurant and have had countless hvac companies preform work over the last two decades.  Most are happy to take advantage of the situation to make a quick buck instead of building a relationship to earn work and referrals.  I was in desperate need of 2 new a/c systems on my home as the previous units had exhausted their repair options and it was almost summer.  i decided to ask the clients of my restaurant for recommendations for companies to do the work.  Scottsdale Air kept coming up and all the reviews were glowing.  Scottsdale Air had positive reviews of residential, commercial and private wine cellar cooling systems.  My clients of the restaurant said to call Mike Cross and your cooling needs will be history.  Since my clients were willing to trust him with their priceless wine collections and luxury homes, I would be a fool not to call him.  I started by doing my due diligence and getting three estimates from Howard Air, Goettl and Scottsdale Air.   After seeing all the companies in action,  Scottsdale Air was my definite choice.   Mike calculated the loads, suggested new plenums and Lennox Signature High Seer Units.  Even though this was more work and higher end units then the other companies suggested the price was the best value in the group.  The professionalism of Scottsdale Air set it apart as well.  The excitement Mike showed for improving the quality of my family's life with a properly running system was evident.On install day the appointment had been confirmed.   The crew of 4 people showed up clean, on time and treated my family and home with respect.  The cranes coordinated with them effortlessly and i could tell i was in the hands of professionals.  They removed 2 entire attic systems and outdoor units without a trace of dust in my home.  As the day went on and my promised completion time of 5 pm approached,  another crew showed up to help with he final steps to ensure they were finished on time.  i couldn't have been happier with he experience and had never experienced a service company run that well.  I have proudly recommended Scottsdale Air to my family, friends and clients.  I urge you to do the same and Call Mike Cross at Scottsdale Air to take care of you.
5	Fast and professional service! I was surprised how quick the process was to get my AC replaced. I have a flat roof, and I appreciated that they painted a coat of elastomeric paint on the area before installing the new unit. I was really impressed with their attention to detail and customer satisfaction.
5	I generally use "my guy" when it comes to work around the house, but when my A/C was acting up and it had a Scottsdale Air sticker on it from the install before I owned the house, I gave them a buzz.  Each time I had the pleasure of speaking with Irma in the office who was super helpful - she tracked down warranty information the previous owner of my home had put in place, and scheduled some great service guys for the job!  Without knowing the complete history of the units I was nervous that they would need something drastic, but after the due diligence was done on their end, we figured out I was still well under warranty!  I can't recall the last time a company did so much leg work for me to save me cash; I will definitely use them again.
