4	Another new food stall in Mekong Plaza.  Chinese. Short but interesting menu.  Everything is "home made" including the noodles.  Pretty good.  3 1/2 rounded up to 4.
4	First: These folks make everything by hand.Second: The lady who works the counter could not be any nicer - she was wonderful, and very tolerant of our extremely energetic and UN-shy two year old "baby giraffe" of a daughter.On to the food.Pot Sticker Dumplings - Fresh, grilled perfectly, crispy on one side. As good in texture and feel as they were in flavor.Soy milk - Sugar to taste, served warm - they make this on site too. Perfect for calming down a spice burn.Beef noodles - The beef is tender, and not stringy. This is rare. They're using higher quality beef cuts than I'm used to.Chive pancake - Just like I had in Wuhan, but less oily. Very fresh taste, highly recommended.Sour and spicy noodles - Quickly becoming a favorite. I usually order without cilantro, but that's just my preference. I'm one of those people who can taste cilantro TOO well.Ok, saying something is better than something else doesn't necessarily mean the item being compared to is "bad." The other thing is just better.Keeping that in mind, I feel Kong Fu Gyoza is better than the venerable China Magic Noodle.Sure, it's more of a "food stall," but... the food I get... tastes better to me.I've been to mainland China something like 35 to 37 times, to all of the Five Dragons except Chengdu, and I nearly never eat hotel food - I insist on local places that serve local cuisine, and have on many occasions eaten at home with people in China - plus my wife is Chinese (via Malaysia). So I can say with some expertise that eating here DOES give you the experience of what food in China tastes like. It is not Americanized.You will NOT need to add Sriracha or any other sauce to these dishes. The pot stickers come with little cups of dipping sauce, but I honestly barely touched them. They're delicious as-is.We'll be back. I already want more noodles.How to improve? Simply, better location. But I'd be perfectly happy going there right where they are - often growing a business too fast or in the wrong way destroys it, and I'd hate to see that happen here.
5	They are the best Chinese food in town! The chief had a restaurant at Chandler back on 2009, and we were regular customers even we were to drive 40 mins every time from home. Now they finally opened one near ASU, and man, I was soooooo happy! Eat there whenever I can. Just my favorite place!
5	Great Food! If anyone write a negative comment, it would be a offence to this new business. It is a grand new opening restaurant and the boss and their chef really try to make the food as authentic as possible. And the Price is just so low that even make me want to pay more in the tip as compensation. If you do not like the food it means that this type of food are not suited for you but not means that this food is bad. Go there and try, I bet you will like it if you like Chinese food.
5	Very tasty and genuine Chinese food, love the spicy & sour noodles! Also, the make skin, beef pan cake, gyoza are also very good.
4	I love both the food here and the super friendly owners that run this happy restaurant. Came here by accident when one of my other restaurants was closed for the day and decided to try them out.They have a small but unique menu with all sorts of different flavors to explore. Really like the homemade noodles along with their tasty hot sauce. Definitely gives the meal a little kick without going overboard.Some of my favorites are the Szechuan Dandan Noodles, Chuanbei Hot and Sour Bean Noodles, the many types of Gyozas, and the Jalapeno Pork. Can't wait to try out something else.Can be a small language barrier when ordering. Just take your time and order by number to make it easier. She is very helpful but sometimes makes me giggle a bit. They also have pictures of several dishes on the wall to help you make your selection.Located inside the food court area in Mekong Plaza with a seating area that is shared with other restaurants. This is a very no frills eating area but worth checking out and an inexpensive way to enjoy some tasty vittles. NICE!
5	Best northern Chinese food restaurant in Tempe! I've been living in northern China for several years and their food remind me of the place I've been to. The price and the food quality both are unbeatable. Might be a little bit hard to find, but this small restaurant locates in the corner of Mekong plaza. You will be glad after you try their foods! :)
5	Great Gyoza!  Best in the valley...the lady in the front is very sweet..Love this place.
4	Love these types if places. Cheap hole in the wall food that is very tasty. Had the chicken gyoza steamed. Rare to see chicken dumplings so this was a good choice. Can't wait to try out the others. Got the Dan Dan Noodles. The pork sauce was more salty than spicy and the flavor was different than what I remember as a kid. Not my favorite but those handmade noodles...OMG. Sooo good!! I could just eat that with just the smidgen of Dan Dan sauce. Perfectly cooked with just the right amount of chewiness and bite. I'll certainly have to try the jia jiang mien since that's also with the homemade noodles. I wonder if their other noodle dishes use the same noodles. If anyone finds out, let me know! So so good. Got their hot fresh made soybean milk. The lady puts some soft soybean pudding in the cup first. It melted into the drink once she poured it. Pretty tasty. Not too sweet which is how I like it. Will definitely be back.
3	i tried three times at this restaurant, the short ribs noodle soup is pretty good.  but today, i tried again, the soup base changed, noodle feels not the same as i previous had, and the short ribs..is tough.  hope it could keep up with the quality of the food...it is unique in town..
5	I had lived in Mesa for 15 years and never knew this place existed, much less the whole plaza.Amazing variety and selection of gyoza. We ordered 4 different types just to try them out and had a good number of leftovers. Prices were great!Strongly recommended to any gyoza fan.
4	Delicious potstickers! Slow service though. I ordered the 12 piece combination fried dumplings to go, and it took a good 20+ minutes for them to make and prepare them. Once I got my meal though, the dumplings were near perfection. Freshly made, piping hot, the outer dough had a crunchy texture from the frying, and the meat inside was tender and very flavorful, with a little bit of broth.I'll definitely go here again, but not when I'm in a rush to get my food.
5	Discovered this place thanks to the yelp reviews even though I've seen it hundreds of times in Mekong. It is located in Mekong and looks like it is a part of a food court with a bunch of random tables. We ordered the dan dan noodles ($5), pork and vegetables potstickers($4.60), and the short rib soup($6)The lady at the counter was very sweet and helpful with our order and unlike a previous reviewer experienced, our food arrived in nearly 7 minutes max. It seemed like the gyoza takes the longest because that arrived last for us and another customer their ordered gyoza that arrived very slowly. The food was all fantastic. I highly recommend the dan dan noodles. The noodles are home made and the sauce is fantastic. They give you tons of it and never skimp on the meat. But the flavor alone is incredible, it's spicy, maybe a little bit sweet, fresh from green onions and cilantro, and the meat sauce packed even more flavor. The short rib soup on the other hand was not as "lively" but my mom who ordered it said the flavor was still great and it tasted like the soup her mom made. She also noted that the short ribs were cooked perfectly. I took a bite and I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is a fan of brothy soups. The gyoza was also cooked very good. The skin may have been a little thicker that I prefer, but the filling is great. I could eat the meat in it by itself! I also recommend that, because Im not normally a potsticker fan! Our experience was really good and we also ended up taking 40 frozen gyoza home($10)! The vibe we got from it is that it had a Very homelike feel to it. It is truly just great home cooking! We are happy to have found this place and we will definitely be back soon. Pros: -Great Food-Cheap-No Msg-All homemade stuff (noodles and chili sauce are made in store!)Cons:-The seating area is gross, so we will probably take out food from here next time-They have a jug of water that you get yourself but it's room temperature-Gyoza can take a long time from what I've gathered
5	I've come here multiple times after coming the first time and they are not open? Can someone tell me if they are closed for good???
