3	This is a good place to pick up a cheap lunch.  It's pretty much standard sandwiches, soups, and side dishes.  Nothing fancy.  Pretty much something you could have made in your own kitchen but didn't have time to.  Sandwich prices are reasonable, and they taste good too.  I normally get  an egg salad sandwich on wheat bread.  They also have a light lunch option which gets you 1/2 a sandwich and a cup of soup.
5	I have been here a number of times and I think they are the best value in the city for lunch.  I got a tuna salad sandwich for only $3.55.  They have breakfast available all day.  The service is extremely fast  - so much so that they get testy if you're not ready to order when you get to the front of the line.  They only take cash, so be ready for that too.
5	This place is great for breakfast and lunch. They make the food fresh and quickly to order. The owner is very friendly and goes out of his way to make his customer's happy. Today, I accidentally left one of my sandwiches on their counter and when I called to make sure it was sill there, the owner didn't hesitate for a second, found out where I was and hand delivered the sandwich to me at my office!
4	I agree with other reviewers, this place is a great value.. especially when you've forgotten your lunch or didn't have time to make one in the morning. I've had the light lunch option (1/2 sandwhich w. soup or salad), the grilled cheese (you can choose your bread on your sandwiches) and the chef salad- I've had no complaints. The pasta salad & linquini could use more dressing but main menu items are A-ok. (just my personal opinion!) My favorite thing of all is the Ham BBQ Sandwiches. It takes me back to being a care-free kid in elementary school. They also have jello-pretzel salad often. Cash Only *** Check out their daily specials here http://keystonecafe.blogspot.com/
4	This CASH ONLY place is a go-to for a lot of my coworkers in the morning.Their breakfast club on texas toast is bacon, smoked turkey, liquid egg, lettuce tomato, mayo and it's an awesome way to start your day.  Get that and a large coffee for under 5 bucks.  You can't beat it with a stick.The food here is mostly simple and straight forward.  You can tell it's cost over quality in most cases.  There is pretty high value for the dollar here, though.Have your order ready when you get to the counter because they have a tendency to bark, although it's done more out of efficiency to keep the line moving than rudeness.  I liken this order-taking style to the service at Zorba's on Smithfield near Fourth, but much less organized. (if you've been there, you'll know what I'm talking about here)If more than a couple breakfast sandwiches have been ordered at any given time, chaos eventually ensues, and expect to be asked about three times what you ordered.  Sometimes I feel like helping out(because my teenage McDonald's Production Manager vibe starts to kick in, again) by saying, "NO, he had the egg and cheese on wheat, and THE OTHER LADY had the breakfast sandwich on a muffin light butter."All in all it's a reliable place for breakfast.  The lunch options are a little boring, especially for downtown, and I'd probably skip it for lunch unless money is more important to you than originality and high-quality ingredients.CASH ONLY.
5	I've been coming here for almost 5 years now. The service is fast and friendly. The food is good and they can almost make you whatever you want. I love how the specials change daily but I always look forward to their meatball sub. Turkey club and BLT sandwiches are always good go-to sandwiches. It's cash only so make sure you have enough on you for your meal. I usually spend around $6 for a sandwich, side, and drink.
5	I've only had their breakfast, but their breakfast sandwiches are quick and consistently good, and they have a large selection of breads that you can have your sandwich on (i've had texas toast, wheat and pretzel bread). Everyone who works there is so sweet. Prices are very reasonable. If you're looking for a quick sandwich, this is a good place to go. The only downside is that it's cash only, but that's ok.
5	This is one of my favorite spots downtown. Quick, delicious and very reasonably priced! The owner is always there and is super sweet, along with all of the other staff members. You can get hot or cold sandwiches, soups, salads and a variety of other items. They are open for breakfast and also have a few daily specials. Definitely some of the best prices downtown. FYI cash only though!
