5	I've been going to this place since they opened and have been very happy with the service. I don't go to one barber there specifically, like the previous reviewer. I have had my hair cut by all the barbers there and they have all done a great job. My 2 year old gets his hair cut at this place also, so it's definitely kid friendly. Heck my 2 daughters get there hair trimmed from time to time (although they prefer going to the salon my wife's goes to better - not girly enough very them I guess). Services range from Hair Cut to Full Works (facial, straight edge shave, shampoo, hair cut, lots of hot towels, and massage). You won't be disappointed.
3	Traditional "manly" place with wood walls, furniture, and older gentlemen as the barbers.  Haircut includes back of neck and sideburn shave, hot towel over the face, and brief shoulder/neck massage with those old school electric massage things.$19 for a nice clean cut is certainly worth it.Located NE corner of Cactus & Tatum, over by Radio Shack.
4	Classic big city barber shop!  I won't go anywhere else.  $19 for a decent hair cut, neck shave, hot towel and great Barber's!  Each one with a good story to tell.  Where else can you watch a "man show" on a flat screen while getting your hair cut!
5	Great service, consistent cut.  Ask for Yuri!
4	I took some advice from the past yelpers when looking for a decent hair-cut at a decent price.Have to say ,I'm impressed that the past reviews have been spot on. Great haircut nothing more to say. Thanks to Yuri for the cut
2	I've been going to Classic Barbers since 2003, now with over 40 visits documented in my home accounting program.  Like others, I've been served by all of their barbers and have been fully satisfied with their services.  However, I am not going back.  They've instituted a new policy by charging extra for payment by credit card .  I'm sure they have their reasons.  I hope their reasons outweight the downside of losing loyal customers.
5	This is a great barber shop where I never have to wait long to get a haircut and everyone on the staff gives a great cut.  Hard to find these days.
5	Best barber shop in the valley.
5	In the valley of the sun finding a traditional barber who takes pride in their work is hard to find.  Today it seems that it's trial and error when trying to find a barber who has that attention to detail that's also up on the latest styles.  This place is amazing!!!  It's so great that I drive forty five minutes out of the way because I know I will always get what I ask for here.  I tried a couple other barbers in the valley but this place has the best staff.  It has the old school feel where a man can go shoot the **** and leave with a great cut.  Make sure to take the pomade or other hair product out of your hair before you come in.  It will make a difference and they will appreciate it.   Ask for Michael he is the second chair after you walk through the door.The only drawback is that there is a charge to use your credit/debit card.  So plan ahead and bring cash.
5	I love coming here my dad takes me here my cousin and my grandpa go here. Al is the best barber in Pheonix Ryan P.
5	Pete has been my dad's barber for over a decade. I make the trip here just to see him.
5	Just stopped in Classic Barber Shop based on Yelp reviews. First off open on Sunday is a plus. Secondly the establishment was very clean. Got in without a wait and received my cut from Edward. Excellent cut. As if he had been my barber for years. Will definitely recommend and be a loyal customer as long as I live in this area.
3	Went to Classic based on Yelp reviews.  Had been to similar shop before with some disappointment.  Was disappointed here too for the same reason.  Barbers are way too aggressive in cutting.  They should remember they are not paid for how much is cut off but for what look remains.  The haircut pace was furious.  They need to relax a little to make the experience pleasant.
5	Classic is a professional barber shop with a modern look, but an old-school feel. The barbers are experienced and are sure to pull off the look you're trying to achieve. They offer the many services you would expect at any barber shop on the east coast and in my opinion, at a fair price. The establishment is always clean and is sure to do the trick for anyone in need of a relaxing cut and shave. From a hot towel to a shoulder massage, they will make you feel like a million by the time you leave. Every chair has their own TV with access to full satellite channels. Don't worry about missing a game because they're sure to have it on. Bringing your kids? No problem. These guys know how to keep kids calm and will put on channels catered to kids. Give them a shot, you won't be disappointed.
4	Consistently good haircut.  Its not a crap shoot like many other barbers.
5	What a great place!  Edward is amazing and fantastic with kids!  Hot towel, massage, and a great haircut! Let me tell you my 5 yr old was so happy!  Very professional and modern!  Highly recommend for men!  Getting my husband in for a clean shave!
5	Such an awesome experience. I had Al who made the experience as cool at the atmosphere. There were men here hanging out and reading the morning paper just for the vibe. The full service "Classic" was such a steal (haircut, shampoo, hot towel facial, razor outline finish, shoulder massage, etc.). This is the first but certainly not the last visit I'll make to Classic Barbershop.
5	I've always cut my own hair. With a new look I'm growing into, I decided to stop in and have the experts to cut my hair for the first time in years. With previous shops I've always had to return home and fix the sloppy job other barbers did on my hair. Today's experience was great. I was rushed into a vacant chair and began asking what I wanted to do. After explaining my goal, Al (I believe) offered me suggestions and guidance to what I wanted done. My barber took the time to get to know me and had a great conversation on hair cutting skills. Needless to say he did a great job and I did not have to pick up the sheers when I came home to clean anything up! As much as he impressed me, I think I managed to walk away impressing him with the knowledge that I've cut my own hair for close to 10 years.I will surely come back again!
5	Nice shop I would recommend stopping by. I been twice. 5 stars
1	So, I just moved in the area and was looking for a new place to get my hair cut. I gave this place a call and politely introduced myself and asked the woman on the phone whether they did only appointments or walk-ins today. She interrupted me mid-question and answered in a tone acting as if I was some kind of annoying pest. I ignore it and ask their approximate wait time and she laughs at me, says "ugh.. just come in!" *click* Yes, she hung up on me. The phone call lasted all of 20 seconds.I immediately called a different barber shop and took my business to somewhere else. As a suggestion to whoever manages this place, please train the bitter, angry woman who answers your phone to have some basic courtesy because you just lost a potential twice-a-month loyal customer.
5	The BEST barber shop in Phoenix, Scottsdale. I am a longtime customer , offers excellent prices and outstanding customer service.. Michael the owner is always in the shop - very little turnover with staff. Try a straight edge shave    Its awesome - live a little !!!
5	Have been coming here since they opened. Love to get "the works" Haircut, shampoo and shave from Michael. Always consistently good. Now a bunch of my friends go there, so we buy each other gift cards from there for Birthday & Christmas presents.
5	My first visit today,great experience.  Michael was recommended by a friend of mine who has been coming here since they opened.  I have never had a professional shave.  Wow,  if you've never had an old fashioned shave, you're missing out.  Nice way to treat yourself as a guy thing to do. Great haircut, great attention to detail. I will for sure be back.  Thanks
5	Just had a fantastic haircut with Yafa! She was very friendly but not overboard like many can be. Did a perfect cut and shave and also a hot towel with massage was unexpected! Only $21 for a perfect cut, I'll be back every time.
5	Great staff and always the best haircut. Michael the owner is one of the best in the business.
2	I actually got a good haircut but the customer service was really bad. You've been warned.
4	Just moved back to Phoenix and decided to check this place out. Peter cut my hair and did an excellent job. I also got a neck shave followed by a surprise neck and head massage. Total came out to $21 bucks, which I thought was a great deal. I'll be back to see Peter again.
5	Not the place if you want a chatty conversation, but fantastic if you care about your hair. I go in for a regular shave and a cut for a flat $50 after tip. It is a consistently clean cut and a great shave. In and out with no BS.
