5	I have had my windshield replaced twice this year at Ever-Ready Glass of Phoenix and I have never been disappointed!  I have a Jeep Wrangler that has a very upright and flat-faced windshield, which makes it extremely prone to cracking from flying debris. The first time it cracked Ever Ready even gave me a tinted visor for free (covered by insurance after you already have it)! :) Both times I needed a replacement I went into the repair shop, but I know they have mobile service that will do the work at your home or office for the customer's convenience. I am not sure whether they are inexpensive or affordable because it was covered by my insurance, however they have great customer service and I consider them quite speedy! It only took them about 45 minutes total to replace my windshield and finish the paperwork. I will always come here for windshield repairs as long as I live in Phoenix!
5	The first time I used Ever-Ready Glass I showed up just a couple hours before they closed with an emergency glass replacement (after calling several other glass shops with no luck). I have an older vehicle with a flat windshield and replacement glass was not available on short notice but they cut me a new one from scratch.  The installer was not happy with the fit (even though it appeared perfect) and asked me to return when they had more time.  Ever-Ready cut me another windshield from scratch and installed it at no extra charge. I have had several windshields replaced by them since and have been happy with the service each and every time.
1	I would have never used their service if I had known they would harrass me with repeat sales phone calls. They continue to bombard me with sales calls years after they replaced my glass  Even after requesting that they not call, they continue to do so. This is very unprofessional in my opinion. I would not recommend them based on my experience. I have used Penske glass and had great experience with them and they have not bothered me with repeat sales calls.
1	I'm not a fan of the way the owners handle their business. A few years ago I had a great experience at their Payson branch, the manager was very sweet and even gave me a chance to donate money to the local schools through my insurance company. Sadly it was closed when I went back recently so I went to the Phoenix office. They were very rude and not helpful.
