5	Went to Fusion Nails on Power Road yesterday afternoon and had the best pedicure and gel manicure I have had in a long time!  Fawn (sp) was my nail technician and the leg and foot massage was superb and the nail polish application professional and lovely.  And then she outdid herself on the hand massage and wonderful application of the gel polish on my hands.  Highly recommend this studio and Fawn in particular!!!!
5	I convinced my husband to go with me to get a mani/pedi and I was glad I did. Best mani/pedi I have ever had. Highly recommend the #2. I used to go to Bella but this is my new go to spot. Great customer service.
5	Customer service is their number 1 priority. They always do such a great job as well!
5	Found this place on yelp. I got a pedicure. They had a special for $20 for a pedicure with hot rock massage. It was really nice and they did a great job on my pedicure. I paid an extra $5 for callus removal which was worth it. I'll definitely go back.
1	I've been to this nail salon 2 times. First time needed a mani and pedi before a holiday party Dec. 6th. I had an hour and was only going to do a pedi. They said they could do both no problem. It was rushed and the guys who did my nails w gel was nice, but he said it was 15 and when I went to pay it was 30. My fault for not asking at check in. It all peeled off in a week. I wanted to give them another try and took my girls as a treat for pedicures before Christmas. I asked this time the price.  $15 each for kids. Perfect. I sat girls down to start their nails and went to pick out color. The tech could only work on two of us so my younger one felt left out. We had to wait for her rush job. I had to point out where polish was missing in nails several times. The tech did a Christmas design on both of my girls big toes. I thought that was a nice touch until I went to pay. Their 15$ pedicures went from 15-20 because the girls had a design. No one cleared that with me. I was not happy they snuck that in. I feel I could have done better myself. Beware of surprised charges. I will not be back.
5	This is definitely my favorite nail salon. It's so beautiful inside. I actually feel like I'm in an upscale nail salon as opposed to your average nail place. Everyone is so nice and there's a wide selection of colors to choose from. I would recommend this salon to everyone.
