4	The ultimate hole-in-the-wall restaurant.The customers were Mexican, and they stared at us as if we were the only non-Mexican customers that had been there in years. And our Mexican GARDENER recommended this restaurant. I knew the food was going to be good.It wasn't just good. It was GREAT. I had the chicken tacos. To die for. And the beans were fabulous. This is what I imagine authentic, Mexican home cooking to be like. Sadly, I've never had any, so if anyone wants to help me out in broadening my home cooking horizons, hook it up! I LOVED the food, but I HAD to take away one star for the greasiness. Ambiance isn't anything luxury for the snobs out there, but if you can get over that, it's totally worth the visit.
4	The above reviewer definitely got it right when he called Mama Lupitas the "ultimate hole in the wall" restaurant.  I didn't read a review on it but rather drove by it and decided to give it a shot.  Coming in, I saw it had an authentic Hispanic vibe to it.  The tables were clean and plentiful and i was promptly helped although when i went it was relatively empty.  I'm not a huge Mexican food fan so i tried the huevos con carne asade.  The steak was very good and seemed to be of high quality although the eggs were a bit on the small size portion wise.  The price was good and slightly cheaper than comparable Mexican places.Overall the only annoyance i found was that the jukebox they have in there can get quite loud if you sit in a close vicinity to it.  That makes talking to someone quite difficult.  Thus I give this place a strong 4 out of 5
4	Grim strip mall outside.Bright and cute inside.Very spicy salsa. Nice!Homemade flour tortillas. Good.Barbacoa seca. Stewed, tender and falling off the bone.Will return to try the mole.Update: Returned for mole, twice. 4 star mole. Very good, better than most, but not knock my socks off mole.
4	Very good mexican food.
4	Don't be put off by the appearance of this strip mall eatery. Feels authentic as you walk through the door. We usually have to ask them to turn down one of the two conflicting jukeboxes (isn't irritation by music universal?). Which they always do with a smile. Unfortunately, they were out of margharitas the last time we visited so we enjoyed coca colas from glass bottles which come from Mexico! I am vegan and they usually are pretty helpful with custom making dishes for me. And they don't hesitate to remake a dish if the chef accidentally throws some cheese on there. It's habit I'm sure. Fairly inexpensive and very tasty!
5	It was my first time here, but I lovedddd it!  Steak was AMAZING!  Yes its a hole in a wall, but to my surprise i loved it!
5	I agree with the other posters, although it is a small place in a strip mall where you might not think about stopping it was a great place to eat and the prices were very fair.  Very friendly service and a nice authentic atmosphere :-)
5	Great food!!! I had tacos de tripa, and they were amazing, and huge. Couldn't finish my carne asada sope. And the horchata was fantastic as well. Little hole in the wall, but the food is the best.
5	Nicest people ever walked in on Sunday with 9 of us and were accommodated promptly. We had different plates of food and we enjoyed every bit of it all.  No take outs this visit we loved the food and customer service.  I must say separate tickets were not a problem at all.
5	Yelp is the way to go! Took a shot in the dark on this place and it is amazing! Carne esada tacos and chips and salsa were great!
5	Great and authentic Mexican food! Ambience is really cozy and the service is superb! I ordered the costillas and they were accompanied by home made tortillas, AMAZING!
4	The reviews are spot on!  This place has awesome Mexican food and the salsa they put out with the chips has a great taste.  I had the Chilaquiles with green sauce which are not difficult to get wrong but the rest of the table enjoyed their food as well.
3	I have been wanting to try Mama Lupitas, because of all the wonderful reviews I have read on here. The food was fairly good; I wouldn't say it was the best mexican I have ever had, but still quite tasty. However the chips and salsa were absolutely phenomenal! The salsa was nice and spicy! The downfall was that our service was absolutely horrible! I don't know if we had a waitress who was new or just didn't care. I have read many reviews that say what great service they have received, so I understand this was rare. The waitress seemed to be in no hurry, there were only four tables in the restaurant, and still incredibly slow. I may give this place another try sometime, but the service really diminished my experience.
4	Hole in the wall Mexican restaurant with great foodHappy HourNice atmosphereLoved the chicken dishes; good rice and beansExcellent carne asadaVery friendly food serviceLocal favorite
4	Not much to look at outside in a grim strip mall but surprisingly the inside is clean and has a nice charm. Server was very attentive and food was served hot and quick. I had the chorizo and eggs which was maybe a little salty but the spices were spot on. The beans were as good as I have had, the rice was fresh and the grilled jalapeno along with the avocado slices were the perfect garnish. I can't wait to try more of the menu as all dishes I saw looked great! Don't let the outside scare you as the inside and food is the real deal and worth the visit.
1	We went one day and it was delicious we got the carne asada tacos and they were good and the carne asada burrito with red chile. All was good!!! We went that weekend and I got the menudo and bf got the steak breakfast. ALLL was good especially the bread until... Right on the wall that we were facing a little Roach crawled across it! We told the lDy and she was like whatever and offered us to move. I told her everything was good but the roach crawling on the wall right at our table was just disgusting. Thanks roach for ruining Mama LUPITAS fora me!
4	Very good food for a fair price. I like to try small local places and this fit the bill perfectly. If you ever in the area stop by you will enjoy it.
5	This has to be one of the best kept secrets in Glendale.   Tacos are wonderful,  tortillas are hand made, salsa is flavorsome and hot.It doesn't look like much from the outside but inside is yummy Mexican goodness.
5	Delicious food and big portions. Delicious handmade tortillas.  Free chips and sala. Plan on coming back again. Tequila, beer, micheladas and music (not too loud) just enough for a happy atmosphere.
5	Driving by I would never had stopped but Yelp said it was good so I did. Boy am I glad because that was some of the best Mexican food I've had in years. Home made corn tortillas to die for. Try this place.
1	Far from top notch. This place had a table salsa that tasted as if it had been sitting out a bit too long. Perfect combo to go along with the stale chips. The best part? That would be when we were told that they ran out of cheese. What a letdown! Very difficult to believe that anybody would find anything tasteful in this restaurant. This place used to be awesome until it switched ownership. Not even a slight chance I'll ever be returning to this restaurant. Service is practically nonexistent too. Tables that came after were served before us.
4	I will definitely be returning here. The chicken enchiladas were pretty good and homage tortillas are always a plus.
4	Definitely a great little spot for lunch or dinner. The appetizers, some of them, are big enough to have as a meal.
4	If you are looking for authentic regional flavors, Mama Lupitas is for you. Food is fresh and delicious with the right amount of spiciness. 5 starts for food and service, just beware that the location or the restaurant amanities are not top notch. My favorite dish is the Chilaquiles with eggs, but they also have some pretty good caldos (soups), and other regional dishes from southern Mexico. My recomendation is for you to explore, you will not be dissapointed.
5	This place was pleaseant, clean and very organized. They were prompt with their service and acknowlefged us when we came in. We ordered and waited about 10-15 mins for it which isnt bad consideting the freshness of my food when i got it. The tortillas were thick, hot and ripped apart like nothing. And they have Margaritas too. The nice part was that the pozole i ordered was $8 but this is more like a $11 meal with the extras i got. My husbands burrito al pastor was hot and the meat had a smokey but sweet taste to it and eating it was like eating butter; melted so easily. Add yhe sour cream and it set it off lol wonderful. So id recommend for ppl that wish to eat n actually be full. :)
