5	After getting urged by some friends/coworkers to start dry cleaning my clothes (apparently they think I am incapable of working an iron...which...I am), I finally broke down and tried it.  And my very first encounter with a dry cleaner was Fresh Cleaners.  Fresh Cleaners is a relatively new dry cleaning place near Whole Foods in Chandler.  Since it is close to me, I thought it was a great place to start my dry cleaning experiences.  I was immediately impressed!  It is a family owned small business that prides itself on being very personal.  The owners are great and have made it a point to remember me and what I like.  They treat me like Hollywood royalty and I love every second.  My clothes are always perfect when I pick them up.  They have even tailored and stitched up some pants for me.  And it is fairly inexpensive, too.  I take 10+ dress shirts and a few pairs of pants every time, and it has never cost me more than $25 bucks.I believe they give a discount if you bring your hangers back in.  This might be common at all dry cleaners, but it is a nice added touch that I appreciate.   I highly recommend this place if you live near it.  Their website needs some work, though.  I wonder if they might want this nerd to assist them.  I totally would for little more than a few free dry cleanings!
5	After moving here from Chicago it was hard to find a good cleaner in the valley. Fresh cleaners is nothing short of what I expect from a cleaner; a great press, collar stands, no more than 2 garments to a bag, and prompt service. The owner LuCia is fantastic and can work with tough deadlines... oh yeah it's green too!
2	Fresh Cleaners was OK, but the customer service was really lacking. The young woman at the desk seemed a little unsure and didn't really seem to understand (or maybe didn't know how to explain) their cleaning process when it comes to delicate items. I felt good about going here because of the "green" cleaning method, but the customer service was a let down. Plus, when I got one of my tops home, a thread had come loose on the cuff. And the fibers seemed very worn, like it had been brushed.
4	this is my go to cleaners in the east valley; they do a fantastic job. I've been going here for years. you can even bring them back the hangers, and they'll reuse them! totally a green cleaner like the name implies. My only complaint is that one time (out of 1,903,453,856,023,945) they "misplaced" my clothes. the problem was that there is another person with my same last name in the system, a female. I'm a guy. they tried to hand me a dress. um....no. not even on Halloween do i play that way. at first, they thought i was joking. OK, i get that. my followers know I'm a funny little dude. i told them what i thought happened (which is exactly what happened) and they said they'll look into it. the next day, they found my stuff (about 23 items; all dress shirts and dress pants. how the women with the same last name grabs this instead of her 1 DRESS i have no clue. if i could review her, she would receive a negative 5 stars. rep the name genius). HERE'S"S my grief with the Cleaners: no discount for the situation. I'm not a cheap person, however i am in the cst service industry. and i know if you, as a service provider, screw the pooch (especially in an over crowed market like dry cleaning where they're next to every Starbucks, massage parlor and Walgreen's around), you offer something more than an I'm Sorry. this one time, and its the only time anything bad has ever happened here, is the reason for the 4/5. 10% off? come on man. were talking $6. I'm in weekly. you know my name by heart. lets get real.
1	Dislike
5	Outstanding service! This place is an A++. My clothes always come back to me as if the tags were still on them. I called a whole 45 minutes after they closed today and they unlocked the door for me to come and get my clothes. My dry cleaning spot.
3	So the dry cleaning was ok, customer service was average at best but the prices are crazy for what you get. CRAZY. No thanks.
1	I used Fresh Cleaners out of convenience since they pick up and drop off at my condo. I've probably used their service 3 or 4 times, but that last time I had a black dress cleaned, it came back ripped at the seams in a couple of places. I returned it to them for repair and they charged me $24.95! To repair what they had torn? I should not have to be paying for the cleaner's mistakes.Called the shop on a Friday and they said someone would call me on Monday to take care of the problem. No call on Monday. I decided to wait a few days and called them on Thursday. Spoke to the owner who said he would call me back later in the day. No call. That's the end of my drycleaning days with Fresh Cleaners. Horrible customer service!
1	Here's a free business tip for you: If you tell your customers you open at 8am on Saturdays, then you should have someone there to open the store at 8am. I waited until 8:11 this morning, when I absolutely could not wait any longer, and since you close before I'm off work and are closed on Sundays I'll have to wait until Monday-thank you for the huge inconvenience. I'll be certain to not inconvenience you with my business anymore.
5	So, I think this place is great. They gave me a duffle bag to take home that I can throw my clothes in when they need to be dry-cleaned or laundered. Then, I just give them the bag. They count my stuff, clean it appropriately (I assume) and have it ready when they say they will. I've had no problems with them and the prices, for what I need done, are comparable to other places. But then, I'm a dude with dude dry-cleaning/laundering needs. I will say that, so far, I've had no issues with my clothes having stains I didn't start with, as I've had with other places.
