4	This is a pretty good place. They do a wonderful pedicure. But their technicians keep leaving and getting replaced with new ones. I really liked Deena, but she is no longer there. So now I have to look for a new place to go to.
1	By far the worst pedicure my sister and I have ever gotten. I think there was more paint on my toes than on my toenails. And my sister was cut twice on her cuticles. I would give zero stars if I could. We are trying to find a good nail salon in this area, but this is not it. Save your money and go somewhere else.
4	I am very satisfied!  My nail technician was Thi and she did a fantastic job!  Will definitely go back!  I usually just get the regular pedicure that includes the Hot Stone ($25) which I LOVE but I upgraded this time to the one with the Callus removal and Salt Scrub.  The cost was $33 and was well worth it.
1	I went this weekend as a mother/daughter date with my 5 year old for a last mani-pedi before my 3rd baby is born and was extremely disappointed.  My daughter was separated most of the time we were there - there was also no communication at all.   They were not patient with her and my pedicure was the worst I have ever had.  I had to go home and re-trim my deluxe pedi toes again at home because they were so uneven and too long (which is very hard to do at 9.5 mos pregnant!). The lotion/scrub massage was the worst I've had in 10 years.  My daughter's nails and toes were very rushed and a sloppy job - not $30 worth!!  To put icing on the cake, as my tech finished my manicure she said nothing and went to go do another person's pedi and we were forced to wait another 15-20 mins just to pay and leave!!!  Don't waste your $$ or time here....
1	I found a coupon for $32 for a mani-pedi so i thought i would try them. BIG MISTAKE!!! The place was gross and dirty.. nail clippings under the glass, filth behind the chairs, and just general nastiness. WHY i stayed i have no clue. I will tell you i opted out of the eyebrow wax. My toes were uneven and had polish all over them. I had to come home and clean them up. My nails look good but they obviously don't use quick dry because i had to sit there forever and wait for my polish to dry. When he asked me to pay i questioned the price and the woman sitting beside me, with her feet up on the mani table, snapped at me that the price was right. Easy now.. I'll never go back and can completely understand why the place was empty and i was the first customer on the sign-in sheet at 10 AM.
