5	The crew that Tim provided did a great job on my newly bought home. It was a foreclosure and in a very sorry state, but they worked their magic and the house looked immaculate!! they were very meticulous, just like Tim's advertisement, and left everything spotless. The crew showed up on time, were very professional and diligent. I was so impressed, I committed to Wise Home Services for cleaning every two weeks. It's been 18 months now, and I am still very satisfied. You won't go wrong with Tim and his crew.
5	Tim has great attention to detail and is reliable and flexible. The prices are very reasonable. I recommend him to all my friends. Love my sparkly clean house!
5	We found Tim shortly after moving to Scottsdale when we knew we couldn't keep up with our kids, jobs and the deep housecleaning.  He is meticulous and the house was always cleaner than I would have had the energy to do myself.  He is punctual and and a great bargain compared to what we paid in Texas for similar services.  We would highly recommend him.
5	I found Wise Home Services through "Living Social". I had 2 hours of cleaning time using the "deal".  Tim was on time, explained the service; the time would probably cover thoroughly cleaning 3 bathrooms & dust mopping the downstairs floor (& mopping if time allowed).He did a great job...everything in each bathroom was cleaned very well. There was just enough time to dust mop the tile floors downstairs. I have scheduled a full house cleaning...will update this afterward!
5	I have been using Wise Home Services now for over a year. I don't know why it has taken me this long to write a review, because the service has been outstanding! Tim is not only punctual and thorough, but he truly cares about the work he does in your home. He has never missed an appointment and has always been flexible with my schedule. As far as his work goes, my house is always fresh and clean by the time he mops his way out the door. I highly recommend Tim to come clean your home.
