5	"Viad Tower Restaurants" First off, I'm not sure that this is the correct name for the restaurant.  I will tell you that this is the restaurant on the second floor of the Viad tower in Midtown Phoenix.  What a great find.  This is a nice upscale cafeteria style restaurant.  Everything is Homemade from carved sandwiches to pizza and daily specials.  It was Chicken Enchiladas yesterday.  I had a tossed Cobb Salad that they made and tossed in front of me.  It was great and huge.  I could not finish it.The prices are very reasonable.  I will be back next time I'm in the neighborhood!
3	Okay, for cafeteria food the Viad Cafeteria really isn't that bad. They've recently gone through a remodel of the space and changed the menu options. Its complete with appetizers, a sandwich station, a grill, a rotating "world" with a featured "ethnic" dish of the day, pizza station and salad bar. If you're looking for healthy options, the sandwich and salad stations are probably your best bet and the pricing isn't awful. You can get a large salad with pretty much anything you want, meats and a side roll for just about $5.
2	It is a cafeteria, I say this with all of the negative conotation that comes with that phrase.Located in the beautiful Viad tower (former dial building) on the 2nd floor is this dimly lit cafeteria.There are several stations including a sandwich station, grill, "world" and salad stations. At each station there is a small illegible at a distance sign of what is available.Most food is made to order, which is problematic as I had to stand in line for over 10 min with a tray to get my meal, then there was another line to check out.I ordered the salmon, which is not on the menu but the raw fish was on display. I ordered the fish and it was slapped on the griddle with a generous amount of clarified butter, there goes the healthy idea. Th fish was over cooked. As a side I selected a grilled vegetable salad that was ok but lacked flavor. The combo was about $6 with out a drink which seemed steep for a cafeteria.The one nice thing is the fact there are several condiments at the exit, including buffalo sauce which was nice.  The sitting area is clean and nice.Only eat here if you are stuck in this building and pressed for time.
4	Found this place on YELP.  I was at a conference at the Dept. of Ed. and saw it was across the street.  Wonderful atmosphere, quiet and good food.  If you are in the area for a meeting and have lunch "on your own", I highly recommend.  Nice variety of food and great view.
4	Very nice place.  Good atmosphere.  We were stuck at ADEd across the street for a conference and lunch was "on you own".  Saw this on YELP and gave it a try.  Nice place, great view and good food.  It's a cafeteria, do not expect "Nobou".  For what it is, it's very nice.
4	Not a bad place at all.  I always expect a cafeteria/lunch place to be kind of blah.They have daily specials, but you can also have them make a sandwich to your exact liking.  The price is right, the location is great for where I work (a 5 minute walk), and the view is very nice.  It's nothing fancy, but the food is good (and it can be good for you if you get the right stuff), and the staff is really nice.
