3	This is your basic college coffee shop.  They had pretty good iced coffee and the atmosphere was nice, but it wasn't anything I hadn't seen before.  It's just your basic hang out spot for some people watching or catching up with friends.
3	I almost got sick on all of the chocolate coffee beans in this place, they are so good.  I sat outside and had a great conversation about the direction music is taking in this day in age.  If you don't follow a formula it seems that you can't get a record contract, even in the indie scene.  As you can tell, I thoroughly enjoyed the crowd here.  Inside there is a bar opposite the coffee line with Creative Loafing and other local newspapers to read, as well as chocolate coffee beans in little quarter machines.  Don't mix these with a strong cup of coffee or you will be jumping off the walls.
4	I wrote a book at Coffeeworks, or at least a good chunk of one. It's a great place to hang out and work. I usually hang out here on Saturdays before a standing 6:00 date, so I know the place well.Sometimes, there are lots of angsty, purple-haired teens hanging around the place, and occasionally there have been old farty-types arguing loudly about politics...but other than the sometimes unpleasant noise, it tends to be a pretty laid-back shop. Their smoothies are delicious, and the coffee is good. I agree with Garrett G that the chocolate coffee beans are indeed delicious and sickening. The music is just loud enough to hear, but not so loud that you can't think.They have a decent selection of things to eat. It's not a place for lunch or anything, but they have the standard coffee-shop style foods you'd expect...biscotti (Try the grasshopper mint!) and muffins and scones and other pastries.
4	We popped into CoffeeWorks on a dreary, overcast day and were greeted by a friendly woman behind the counter.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that they had flavored coffee!   Other than my favorite coffee chain (Barnie's Coffee, which is slowly closing each and every store), nobody seems to offer flavored coffee.  Unless you go to a convenience store attached to a gas station (what's up with that anyway?).  Starbucks and Caribou only offer different coffees like dark or light roast.  Nothing else.  I only wished that CoffeeWorks had more than one flavored coffee available for the day.  I saw a wall of glass jars full of many, many flavors for coffee that they sell by the bag.  The coffee sizes were reasonably priced, too.  My only suggestions for them would be to (1) create a more relaxed seating area indoors other than basic tables and (2) switch to something besides the environment unfriendly styrofoam cups.  Otherwise, keep up the great work (and flavored coffees!); we'll be back!
5	My favorite coffee in Charlotte! Toasted Almond. I stop by there any time I'm in the area just to get a cup of coffee and be on my way. I don't seems to be in that area as much any more but when I am I have to make the stop. If you love a good cup of coffee that's not over roasted and has great flavor try them out, you won't be disappointed. You may have to step over the chimney pipe of teens smoking outside but that's a small price to pay.
4	We LOVE CoffeeWorks - they roast their own beans at a warehouse in Matthews and have a terrific selection of different roasts.  They also have a frequent buyers club so you can get a free lb of coffee after making x number of purchases.   Most of the people who work here are pretty educated about the various roasts and most are very helpful.2011 Update -- Sadly, this is now closed. I understand they are still roasting coffeebeans at their warehouse in Matthews. I have heard that the Ben & Jerry's in the Arbo is selling CoffeeWorks coffee.
3	Really good coffee--get it in a mug to drink there. Small enough to listen to other people's conversations, if you like that sort of thing. Lovely aroma. Decent atmosphere. Bit drafty on a cold day (door would kind of blow open, if I recall correctly), so I usually kept my jacket on when I went.Lots of people meeting friends or working on laptops. Wifi available. Here's my tiny beef with them:  I went there as someone freshly moved into the city, after a grueling four-day trip through the snow over Christmas break with 4 kids, 3 pets, and 2 vehicles. I really would have loved a friendly face who remembered me and made me feel like the frequent customer I was for a week or two. I mean, I was there on almost a daily basis, since our moving truck (with my coffee maker hidden WAY in the back under EVERYTHING) had not arrived.  They just weren't feeling chatty, I guess. Still, the coffee was great.  Parking sometimes hard to find nearby. So, go have some wonderful coffee in a warm mug. Bring a friend. :-)
4	Small area.  Drab atmosphere.  Very dark inside.  Hard place to have a private conversation.The coffee is great though. So get the coffee and go elsewhere.
3	OUT OF BUSINESS.  Ben & Jerry's next door is selling Coffeeworks coffee, as of feb. 2011.
