3	We just picked this place out of an Entertainment coupon book. Yes, we just went to some place because we had a coupon. Trashy, I know. But something good came of it. (I also found a Siena Bistro coupon on restaurantdotcom: http://www.restaurant.com/microsite.asp?rid=317919&mcn=00013609) So we had trouble finding this place because I'm a retard and I didn't know it was on a golf course in a residential area. And the building is kind of inconspicuous. I mean its not camo'ed or anything, but there's no obvious signage. Anyways its part of the clubhouse. When we got in, some guy was just like, "you can sit where ever" so we sat by the windows. We got a nice view of part of the golf course and some waterscaping. Yo man, it was like the National Geographic up in that place. We saw humming birds, ducks, and a heron. A motherf'ing heron! Our waitress said there used to be wild horses, too. My ass. The dinner menu we ordered from was surprisingly short. But looking at the menu online there's more of a selection. Did all four of us miss two whole pages of items? wtf, mate? Our waitress was really effervescent. She said she worked there because the food was so good. But I dunno if I belee dat because she was super skinny. Anyways, my mom asked for some recommendations on a wine. After she ordered, the waitress brought her a taste of something else before giving her the wine she ordered. Nice hard sell, lady. She dropped a basket of dinner rolls. They were really tastey, but hello ghetto. They were covered with what looked like a slice of melted parmesan cheese. Yeah ... But they were good. Shoot, I had two. Apparently they only serve bread on Wednesday and Thursday nights because those are the only night they're open late, 9p (psh). Otherwise they stay open to 7p. They open at 530a. Hard-sell waitress also convinced me to get the Toasted Pecan Salmon Steak Salad ($10) over the scallop salad and she told my aunty to get the pesto because its "swear to God, the best" she's had. I don't know if she was convincing or if we're easy. I asked her to ask the kitchen to undercook my salmon and the temperature was actually perfect. Mom got the Chicken Angelo ($15), a really good dish. It looks like spaghetti but its spaghetti squash with other veggies. I would've got that dish, sans the chicken, but its a big honkin' chunk a chicken. My aunty got the Chicken Pesto Orecchiette ($12) which was pretty good. It was a creamy pesto. I don't know. Pesto is pretty hard to eff up. Saying you have the best pesto is like saying you have the best rice. Yay. My cousin got the Surf and Turf ($25). One of the other waiters was like, really excited for him. Are these people new? Or does their employer just take really good care of them? I do need a new job ... Anyways. My cousin said it was alright. The surf part was prawns (looked like scrimp to me). For dinner my cousin got the ecalir. According to the menu, "The Best Eclair Ever." If its says in print its the best, you better bring it. Cousin said it was a'ight. Maybe it was the biggest eclair ever ... My aunty got the Bananas Foster, which was made "traditionally" where they light it on fire and let the flame cook off some of the rum. Presentation was nice. A scoop of butter pecan ice cream sits in a Florentine cup made of caramel and almonds. All in a rum caramel sauce (really rummy! Hello, DUI) with sliced bananas and candied pecans. Mom got Cajun Fire-Flashed Strawberries. Whole strawberries in a lightly spiced caramel sauce, with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream. Okay, this was weird to me. The spice was just enough to make me think I was allergic to strawberries. Weird. We got there at 6 and didn't leave til 8. Service or the kitchen was slow and we were only one of two parties there. There was another server working, meaning we were our server's only party. There must've been something fun going on in the kitchen. But we got to watch the sun go down and we could almost see the whole strip. The whole vibe I got was we were paying more for ambiance than the value of the food. But the portions were perfect for me. And with three glasses of wine, three drinks, four entrrees, and three desserts, the whole bill was only $124 before discount and the tip. Really reasonable. I would totally bring my grandma, aunty, and mom here again. I would never bring my friends here. * off the strip, non-casino
4	It's almost the end of the month and we're trying to use up those Entertainment Book coupons.  The 2008 version has three coupons for Siena Bistro and we've been meaning to check out their menu.  Last night provided the perfect opportunity.It's a bit tricky getting there, thank goodness for the Magellan!  But when you do finally drive up to this place, you'll feel so far away from the busy lifestyle of Las Vegas because after all, it is located on a golf course.We did a quick check of the menu to make sure there was something we both liked and immediately found a few choices that stood out.  The waiter told us to sit wherever we liked, and the Big F was immediately drawn outside to the fireplace.  After initially seating at one of the inside tables, the waitress asked if we wanted to sit outside since she noticed the Big F had taken a peek.  As we chose our table closest to the fireplace, the waitress quickly set up our table and brought a candle out.  We almost had the outside seating all to ourselves this evening, which was nice.  (The other couple that did sit outside were so engrossed in themselves that it still felt like it was just us!)The menu had  a nice variety of choices, without being overly expensive either.  After we made our choices, the waitress asked if we wanted any bread and butter, which we immediately said yes to.The bread took awhile, and we were starving.  But it came out warm - crusty cheese bread rolls with melted Parmesan that were pretty grub.  We each had two and asked for more!Our entrees were soon to arrive.  We shared: * Peppered New York Steak ($19) "12 oz 5 blended peppercorn marinated bone-in New York steak, caramelized onions,  melted bleu cheese crumble, Garlic whipped potatoes, chef's vegetables, and drizzled with a delicate demi-glace."  This dish not only looked great, but had so many complementing flavors going on.  The crispiness of the fried onions, the sweetness from the caramelized red onions, the bold taste of the melted bleu cheese, the creaminess of the mashed potatoes, and a pretty tasty piece of beef with peppercorns hidden throughout the meal.  The asparagus and carrots also added to this dish.  I was pretty impressed with this order.* T-Bone Lamb Chops ($18) "2 pan seared 4 oz T-bone lamb chops served with an herb roasted tomato, and white beans."  I think I was so focused on the lamb chops part that I missed the 't-bone' part on the menu.  (They also have Lollipop Lamb Chops on the menu too.)  So, I was a bit more surprised when my order came out.  Two chops sat on a bed of white beans with two herb-stuffed Roma tomatoes resting alongside.  The chops were good, but missed something.  It helped with the sweetness of the tomatoes, but I think the white bean concoction drowned out the dish.  It reminded me more of a cassoulet because of the white beans.  I thought the beans were going to be more of a side dish than resting on the whole plate. Service was decent, considering they were quite busy and we sat outside.  A lot of older people dine here, perhaps because of its location?  We wondered what it would be like during the day so you could check out the view which I'm sure would be gorgeous.Overall, we were surprisingly pleased.  We saw a few other dishes on our way out and it looked pretty good.  We're still trying to find a way to squeeze in another meal there before our coupon expires.3.5 stars.(Pics of our dinner are posted!)
3	Discovered Siena Bistro last spring. It's been a favorite for breakfast ever since. It's lovely to sit outside and enjoy the view and peacefulness.The frittata and eggs carbonara are great. Service has always been attentive. It's really a great value.
1	My mother lives in this community, so I've eaten here a bunch of times.  This time was no different.  The food is solid, not spectacular, and the service is predictably bad.  Details of this last Sunday lunch:  Ambiance:  Beautiful views of water, ducks, golf course and mountains.  Nice, bright interior.  Comfortable chairs.  A good place for breakfast, lunch or brunch.  Service:  Server showed little/no personality, but that's not her job.  She was quick on the water (my glass was soapy) at first, but never stopped by to refill a single drink during the entire meal.  She really fell apart as the meal went along.  Before I discuss the food, it took 40 minutes after we ordered to receive our food.  (This is typical of every time I've been here.  DO NOT COME HERE IN A RUSH.)  This is acceptable for a fine dining restaurant, but not a cafe-style eatery.  Food:  My salmon/blackberry salad was perfectly prepared and delicious.  My kids grilled chicken caesar was overcooked and completely dried out.  My gf's fish/chips seemed ok.  My other kid got the angus sliders (ordered without cheese).  The homemade potato chips were, and are always excellent. Service again:  However, I could see something yellow on my daughter's burgers from across the table and got a closer look.  The chef/cook had prepared them with cheese but someone noticed his mistake.  Instead of remaking them, they tried to pull the melted cheese off the meat and grilled onions (obviously failing).  When I pointed this out to the server and chef, I was asked "you're already getting a discount, what do you want me to do about it?"  This is a direct quote from yesterday.  I had purchased a coupon from restaurant.com (work perk - which rhymes, lol) and she was giving me crap for the coupon.  In the end, the sliders were taken off the ticket.  This experience is no different than every other time I've been here.  I keep trying because my mother lives in the community and it's convenient and beautiful.  However, nothing has improved here in the three years I've been here (5-7 visits).  Food is 3-star, service is 2-star.  Prices are low, but not low enough for the frustration of every single visit.
5	This place is great and I'm surprised at the low ratings it's received. Excellent food and service. The sweet potato fries are a must. I haven't had a bad entree yet. Whoever the chef is, he's put quite the menu together for this place.Their breakfast is excellent as well, try the breakfast burrito with some extra salsa on the side.Ambience is pretty decent. It somewhat feels like dining in a hall/ballroom, but with an excellent view of the golf course and desert. Anyway, being from Southern California, I visit Vegas often and this is by far one of my favorites places to eat. If you're in the area, try it out.
