5	SO Psyched!   Bartlett  Lake is at 98% and is really FULL FULL FULL.  To think SRP was 8 feet away from shutting the lake down this past November and here we are water skiing and wake boarding with water levels like we used to see 4 years back!!!!   AWESOME time of year to be enjoying this lake.  Horseshoe dam is at 100% and with levels this high we should be enjoying a relatively water filled Bartlett Lake for several years to come.   It's a bit of a trek but in the grand scheme of things we should realize how lucky we Phoenicians are to have this lake and others (Pleasant, Saguaro, Canyon) here in our desert back yard.
5	Who says AZ is completely landlocked?  So it may be a little bit of a drive, but going out on the lake is such a great escape from the crazy summer heat... This lake is not as crazy as lake Pleasant, and it's very family friendly.  I highly advise making friends with someone who has a boat so you can go often!  It's absolutely beautiful!
5	I love going to this lake, and see this review reminds me how glad I am that summer is almost here!  Time to start going to the lake again!!!  YEA and Bartlett is the place to go!  I love it there!
4	Bartlett is a decent-sized lake, and not too crowded. It's best feature is the availability of beaches that you can either drive to (in a 4WD vehicle) or boat to, and camp on.FYI, it's also home to the twice-a-year big gay campout, known as Bartlett Bash.
5	We spent a beautiful Sunday afternoon at Rattlesnake Cove at Bartlett Lake.  I like this lake because it's quiet, clean, and the views are gorgeous!Bartlett Lake is relatively close to home for us, so it's a perfect getaway on a warm day.  The  beach area at Rattlesnake Cove is well-kept with plenty of picnic area.  There were lots of families out but not so much that is was overly crowded.  The beach area is also very clean and spacious.  My 3-yr-old had a ton of fun splashing around with daddy and other kids.  Considering we're in the middle of the desert, this is a great little beach.  We'll be spending lots of time here this summer :o)
5	I love to camp here, it is always a good time. The lake and surroundings is beautiful. They have boat in only camp sites with nice beach areas and if know one else is around, it is a good area to let yout dogs run and play.They have picnic areas for day use as well. SOmetimes it is very crowded and then the next time it's not, so it's hit are miss with that. Either way you will have a good time.
3	We rented a boat and thought the boat, marina and surroundings were great.  This is a really BIG lake and the water is great.  We tried fishing for a few hours and just got a couple bites so can't vouch for that but swimming was a lot of fun.  There is NO food to be bought on the weekdays so plan accordingly and pack your own lunch. The downside - and this is a big downside - is the people who "work" at the marina.  They are downright frightening in their mannerisms and actions - truly it's like dealing with zombies as they shuffle slowly about and mumble things.  And it wasn't just one of them either - it was every single person. It got so we didn't want to deal with anyone and felt a sense of relief as we left unharmed.  Due to this reason alone - we won't go back as it's too creepy.
2	The review is for the Marina boat rental business. Not for the lake. The lake is great! It's beautiful and on a nice day, being on a boat on the water is near nirvana. But why the heck do these people continue to run Groupons??!?! Good luck reserving a boat. I bought a Groupon a year ago and I haven't been able to book it!! Every weekend is booked from now until mid-August. Oh wait, they're running another Groupon today sooooo that means everything will be booked until October. I don't know about you people, but I work every day of the week and I can't go out on the lake during the week. There isn't enough supply for these people to be running so many damn Groupons. My friend bought a Groupon the same day we did and fortunately enough, she called at the perfect time and was able to book hers on Memorial Day weekend (I have no clue how. She must be a miracle worker). We got there and everything ran relatively smoothly except for the 12 year old working the Marina Office. Aren't there child labor laws in AZ? The best part about this lake are the otters that live under the Marina!!! Supposedly there's a family of three. I only saw one of them for brief second but it was the cutest thing I've ever seen. Plus 1 star for cute critters.I wish the Boat Rental biz would stop running Groupons or buy more boats so they handle the influx of business. I've never been more frustrated. All I want to do is go on the lake and drink some damn beers on a boat! Get it together!UPDATE: I received a call from them just now. I feel it only fair to explain it further. My rating still says the same. After trying to book this damn Groupon when I first bought it, I gave up when all that was available on the weekends was dated out until October (I bought it in June). So I tried again in April of this year, every weekend was booked until the end of June. I don't know about you but I can't plan my life two months in advance. Maybe for a vacation or something big - but a day on the lake? The Groupon was expiring so I called the Marina and they said they might honor it past the expiration date. Great! That's awesome. Still unsure of when to use the damn thing since I don't want to go out on a boat alone and need to coordinate with friends, I held off on making the appt on the phone. I emailed twice, maybe even three times to the gentleman I spoke to to book it in August (since there were no more weekends open). No reply. Finally, I call. He tells me that they'll only extend to July. Well, F. There are only weekdays open. And not even that many Fridays. Obviously, I can't use it on the 4th. Strapped to make a decision I just give in and say the 5th. Which I will probably now cancel and eat the $170 I paid for the Groupon. I still think the situation sucks and they're overselling themselves. A. Don't promote a deal in the summer if you're gonna booked until Winter. and B. Don't take into account the availability you have during the week as most people WORK. So after this fiasco, will I ever rent a boat here? No. My mom rented one from Lake Pleasant and it was awesome. So maybe that's where I'll take my money. Full price no less.
1	I second the review that complained about lack of availability on weekends. My sister came to visit me from overseas and the only time I would be able to go out with them is on a weekend. Guess what, all their weekends are booked for the next 3 months! Who goes on a full day boat trip during the week ? I have contacted Groupon and asked for a refund. They better refund me my money back or I am disputing the charge with my credit card company! Never buy a Groupon with this company unless you plan on going on a weekday or can plan a boat trip 3 months in advance!
1	MUST READ AND FOREWARNEDHere's the story:Beware of the damage repair profit racket the marina operators are running with their rental products (i.e. jetski's and boats).  To begin with, the owner's son (~20'ish) is in training to run the jetski rental business (which operates separately from the boat rental business for separation of liability purposes...now I know why), but all owned by the same people.  His only concern during talking you down (yes, talking you down like you're a kid yourself) through the rental and operation process is that, "if you break it, you pay for it".  He knows every penalty cost down to the cent (down to the scratch repair cost per inch!!!) and is sure to let you know that, but 1) conveniently fails to mention how to avoid rolling these things over (which we learned is at a very low speed; i.e. less than 5 mph).  2) again, conveniently enough, he fails to instruct on how to roll the machine back if you do happen to roll it.  It turns out it takes a bypassing boater to tell you how to roll it over, and lastly, 3) no mention at all of safety measures.  No care for their liability in case someone should get hurt out there where boats are racing by.  The owner even agreed with me this piece of instruction was missing and that he'd talk with his son.Now to the fun part.My 10 year old son and I roll this thing upon coming to a stop.  Turns out the machine was apparently under water by about a minute too long due primarily to their lack of instruction to a first time rider.  Had to get it towed to the marina by the nice boaters who rescued us after we weren't able to roll up right side up because we were going against the weight (i.e. left to right and not right to left...again, would have been good to know and the thing would have been rolled back within seconds and would have avoided taking on too much water).  Story continues, getting back to the marina was a threat filled experience with the most pessimistic stance that this thing is ruined, etc.  Talk about taking a brow-beating and the implicit threat from his goons of "you're not leaving here without a credit card charged for this"!  IT'S A WATER CRAFT that took on some water, people!!!  Now, it turns out they claim they had to take the craft down to a jetski repair place in Phoenix and that repair turned out to be no more than $500.  We know the owner of the repair place and he informed us of the root cause of why the machine was not running optimally.  Apparently, it needed some kind of a fiber credit card sized fuel valve.  I wouldn't doubt the marina "mechanic" who doubles as the deck hand and general employee broke this part (because he dug into the machine himself according to the owner of the marina) to cause the need for repair.  So, here's the next kicker.  The owner, has charged $1,014 for the repair!  According to him, his guys spent time digging into the machine and who knows what else he threw in there.  His deck hand is already on the clock!!!  I can assure you Monday's are not busy to where we have to factor in an opportunity cost.  So, this is where it becomes a profit making scheme.  Lure people with Groupons and Deal Chickens, conveniently avoid explaining the real important things to first time riders, have the machine damaged, and now the repair place (unnamed) in Phoenix AND the marina operators all profit.  Do the math.  We went from renting the boat on a Groupon for $140 for the day (and only used half day) and $75 for the jetski (Deal Chicken) to have a charge of an additional $1014 for a grand total of $1229 for one of the worse customer service experiences we have ever had.  So, in summary.  A seemingly profit making scheme run by some of the worst customer service goons (and whoever their profiteering service partners are) that ends up costing a boat load (no pun intended) of money.  I think I'll stick to golf.----------------------------------------------------------------------------Aug 17, 2012:  Update -  I feel it's only fair to update the above review on the amount that was charged.  My credit card company had told me the final charges were the $1014.  However, the marina subsequently emailed me the final bill of $495, but waited two weeks to notify me so one starts to assume.  So, that's a much different perspective regarding the charges.  Although, there had been talk early on about adding in some 'overhead charges' above their normal wage for the amount of time his deck guys spent on it.  The rest of the situation, however, remains where there was no instruction on how to keep the machine from rolling over and how to get it back right-side-up.----------------------------------------------------------------------------Oct 22, 2012: Update - After discussions with the owner of the Marina, we have gracefully settled on the charges in a mutually acceptable manner without hassle.  Thank you.
4	The lake is fun and large enough to spend a few hours exploring. The folks at the marina are friendly, helpful and a pleasure to work with. Enjoy renting a boat or house boat
5	We had our family vacation in Scottsdale this summer and our day trip to Bartlett Lake was one of our best highlights! We rented a Platoon boat all day and a jet ski for half a day. Both water toys were is great working order and condition. The people at the rental shop were so nice. They went out of their way to make our trip a great one. They even gave us a boat upgrade because when my son noticed their no glass bottle rule we complied by removing our glass beer bottles from our ice chest. They even held them for us in the back and we took them when we left. I love it also they had plenty of large wheel barrels by parking to help us carry our personnel items to he dock and back to the car afterwards. Bathrooms were clean in the store and they had a decent selection of items needed for a day in the beach including beer in cans! Lake was almost empty for boating on the Monday we went. Water was clean. Lots of coves to play in. The temperature in the water varied but was warm unless you went out where it was deep. Can't wait to come back here to this location.
5	Super service.  Great addition to a Phoenix area vacation.  Had a small glitch on the website (who knows could've been my 'puter).  Phoned to check it out and got a call back in 10 mins of leaving a message saying "don't worry about it, we'll take care of you".....and they did.  Nice people, nice lake, equipment a little worn but functioned great.  Definitely recommended.
