5	Quick, easy, cheap... as usual. I dropped my car off, got a haircut and a MANicure (emphasis on the man part), picked up a chicken wrap, got back, my car was long done, I paid my $33 bucks and was on my way.Mark helped me out here, super friendly dude. They threw in changing my air filter for nothing. An oil change that ain't no hassle is always welcome!
5	YAY! I hate going to car service places. I always feel like I have no idea what I'm doing, I'll get ripped off, etc. because I just don't know enough about car maintenance. However, I brought in a list of things I needed done and the guys took care of it. They were friendly and professional, and I waited a little over an hour (there were 2 or 3 cars in front of me.) Tire rotation, air filter change and all of the elements of their "signature service" package ran $74 with some mystery $10 discount that I didn't know was for, but happily accepted. I appreciated the fact that they left my tire pressure as it was (fuller than their standard) as apparently, some places will let out air if you don't tell them otherwise.At the end, I was asked if there was anything keeping me from returning. I thought that was pretty neat--it shows they want to keep customers, which oddly, a lot of places don't seem to care about, which blows my mind. They never tried to sell me stuff I didn't want and always opened the door for me, from when I pulled up to when I left. Excellent service = happy return customer. (:
1	Terrible & Dishonest. Maybe it's my dumb luck but I've had problems with Jiffy before when getting an oil change that it cost me a road trip in which my car ran out of oil because they damaged my gasket amongst other things. I was lucky to make it back home and all they did was deny they did anything wrong.Regardless, I thought I would give a different location a try and decided to stop here when I noticed I needed a new headlight. I checked in and told the Jiffy employee that my head light went out and if they had the proper bulb if they could fix it. He said, ok and I went into the waiting room. After patiently waiting for 45 minutes they call me back to to my car telling me the electrical wire is the problem and not the bulb. They said I needed to check if it was under warranty with my dealer.  Unfortunate to have to wait all that time just for that simple answer. Never the less I remained pleasant with the workers and thanked them for their time.Luckily I have a family friend who works at the dealer where I got my car. After explaining to him the problem he got back to later with some interesting information. My headlight casing was cracked and busted recently and the reason he could tell was because upon inspection of the light they found an epoxy that had recently been applied to the damage area for a "quick fix". Another words the "great" employees at Jiffy Lube further damaged my vehicle, made me wait 45 minutes while they hid it  just to lie to my face. I want you all to think deep down to a time where a dishonest mechanic did you wrong (because let's face it, this happens to everyone at-least once.) and maybe you were not only a victim, but a victim whom to no fault of your own is not in a position for justice; then please I ask you to not patron this establishment out of sheer principle. It's not like there aren't many other business that offer the same services. I apologize for such a negative post but if you look at my history I mainly give 4 & 5 star reviews filled with positivity. I'm not some negative spreading person I just hate seeing good honest people get taken advantage of by dishonest people time and time again.
4	One of the better Jiffy Lube services I've been to. The store is kept up very well and everything seems to be extremely clean. I was in and out for my old change within 15 mins. Great service!
5	Fast and friendly
4	Good service, friendly staff.  Just a little pushy on the 'extras'.  All in all I'd recommend them.
2	Im not one to update my reviews, but after the treatment I received today from this shop, I needed to do this! Had a good first experience with this place, but when I went in for a smog check and pulled into what I thought was the smog line, I got yelled out by some morbidly obese older guy that works there. Think he might be the manager, but he had a very nasty attitude. Wasn't too sure what he said to me as my window was rolled down, but he was yelling at my car like I had steam rolled over his birthday cake. This sort of conduct was very unprofessional and uncalled for.Warning to all future customers- stear clear of the big, older fat guy with the heavy mustache. This guy seems to always be very cranky and should not be working customer service. Got the same sort of attitude when I went with my buddy to get his smog check done.
4	I don't frequent these establishments, as I pride myself as a do-it-yourself kind of guy, but when in a rush, it comes in handy.Not much to say other than this location has a very friendly and courteous staff.  They do the standard recommendations, but never push the "upsell" of additional stuff.  Quick, affordable, and convenient.
4	Oil changes aren't glamorous but at least here they make it a pretty painless task . I'm not a girly girl but I don't do the mechanics/car stuff so it's nice to get a simple oil change without being told my doors will surely blow off in a matter of days or my engine has a fungus growth on it. They're to the point, tell you nicely about things you might want to look into and send you on your way. My car and I are now regulars here (I know, VIP Jiffy Lube status, don't be jels) so I have to say now the service is even better. They store the info from your last visit so you don't have to reinvent the wheel every time you come. I also got my smog done here and that was quick and easy as well. The guy even told me there was a nearby DMV registration kiosk where it spits your stickers out for you! Bonus! The fastest service, I've found, is right around 4:30pm on weekdays, if you can make that happen.The waiting room is clean, they always have on some sort of super hero movie, they must come from someone's home collection. So far I've seen glimpses of Spiderman, Thor and maybe a Batman in there somewhere. I just play on my phone or Kindle so doesn't really concern me. Sadly no wifi, I've heard other Jiffy Lubes have that feature. They also have coffee and a restroom. Overall, good service and friendly peeps. You and your car will be happy.
1	I went for an oil change on my lunch break at this location. There was only one car ahead of me so I figured it would not take long to get the job done. We decided to go to lunch at the Sonic next door while we waited for the oil change to be completed. 20 minutes after my car had been pulled in the garage and the hood lifted, I got a call saying they needed me to come over. It took no more than 5 minutes to finish our food and walk over. When I got there, they explained to me that my plates did not match the vehicle on file and they were not able to work on my car. I explained that the car on file was a car I had 2 years ago, the name on the account belonged to my father and I had brought my new car to this location in the past. Since I only had 15 minutes to make it back to work, I told them I would have to come back... this is where it all went down hill.He explained to me that I could not leave because they had drained the oil. "According to the law, they cannot work on the car until they confirmed that the license plates truly belonged to the car," the assistant manager told me. So, I do not understand how draining the oil is not working on the car. I explained to the manager that it makes no sense to even touch the car without obtaining all necessary information. He was EXTREMELY argumentative and told me to stop talking and listen to him. I listened to the hypocritical statements and still believed that draining the oil from a car is WORKING on the car. Then the manager informed me that in the time we had spent talking, he could have had it done already. He never said sorry for the inconvenience and instead kept telling me that it was my fault for not staying inside the customer waiting room. Also, they never even asked for my registration or license.Needless to say, I was trapped and I had to have them complete the oil change. I did not even want them touching my car after this. I was completely offended by the action of the assistant manager and wanted to get back to work on time. I waited 5 minutes and they filled my car with oil. The young man who rang me up apologized and gave me a $10 discount (He should be the assistant manager). I think it should have been free because I did not want any service to continue and it was not my fault they had worked on my car without confirming information with me.
2	They're getting two stars instead of one because in the end they gave me the Pissed- Off Customer Discount.  Still won't be back.  Went in earlier today for an oil change.  When the got to me they showed me some filters and told me "The last guys who serviced your truck should have seen this."  Problem was that last guys to service my truck were the fine professionals at this Jiffy Lube.  The customer service person I was dealing with couldn't come to terms with that and kept insisting the Nissan missed the problem.  So we have a problem with competence and general situational awareness.  Also I have driven the truck for over 80,000 miles.  I have never seen those filters before.  Not convinced they actually belong in my truck.  I told him to just do the oil change and that I'd never be back.  He still couldn't figure out why I was mad.  I'll be going to Wal-Mart for oil changes in the future.
5	Love love love the guys here!! Came in, in a hurry and they changed my oil vacuumed the inside and told me a few things that needed to be replaced. I know nothing about cars so it was a big help to be shown what was going on. Super cheap and the service was great!
2	You'll get pretty decent customer service from this pace but the work is horrible. They are the closest location to me for smog/oil change so I rolled the dice and lost. Not only did they completely strip my oil plug but didn't bother to mention the damage tome and just put the damaged plug back into my vehicle. Also don't fall for the additional services and items you always seem to need after a basic service. My advice is to find someone else to work on your vehicle.
5	I think this is funny... my ex boyfriend (a part time jerk) left a negative review. I am bout to leave 5 stars.  This is the best express oil change station I've been to in town. Not also were they quick and honest, they were really cool guys. Maybe cos it's because I am actually a cool chick with no entitlement issues? Dunno. They even installed my windshield wipers I bought elsewhere, and didn't charge me for it. So I came back and had my smog checked and registration submitted.  GREAT GUYS !  I WILL BE BOCK!
1	Never ever going here or any other Jiffy Lube again! We thought we would save a few $$ with a Groupon, our service included an oil change, fluid top off and tire rotation but after leaving the shop and getting on the freeway our wheel covers came off and we lost them!!!!! Plus we checked the fluids when we got home and the power steering and transmission fluids were low even though their "report" said they were full and did not need topping off. The people working here seemed friendly enough but did a terrible job, I doubt they even checked the fluids and it cost us $9 to buy the fluid and put it in ourselves plus the cheapest wheel covers we could find were $30 so basically their deal cost us about $25 more then any place else we could have gone even with the Groupon discount. AVOID THIS PLACE IT IS CRAP!
3	They were quick & easy. Although they forgot to take off my discount on my total.
5	Ive been coming here since I moved from MI. Being that I am a "car guy", I come here because the crew at this location definatley knows their stuff. They are fast, efficient and know what to look for in regards to possible future problems. For instance, a few of my belts were drying/cracking (typical dry Vegas results) and they gave me the time frame of when they needed to be replaced. They did not need to be replaced immediatley and unlike other service shops, they didnt push to have it done that day. I appreciate the fact that they are looking out for the best interest of customers car and wallet... Btw, they always have great coupons available online or in the mail.. Again, great place to go to if you want a painless, well done service.
5	Great place! I was the first to arrive, so it took less than 20 minutes for an oil change. I was greeted by the manager when I pulled up - he also opened my door for me and pointed out where everything was in the office area. I was then offered the choices for oil type and provided a cost for the service. My only request was to not have the tire pressure changed and they obliged. A very pleasant experience overall and I'll go back again!
1	I have brought my car in here twice , my car is 2 yrs old, I was told both times "all fluids were good" just was in there less than 2 weeks ago, my son happened to take a look under the hood, my engine  coolant was less than minimum. I called to question them about it , the person that did my oil change would not even let me talk, kept saying they had a sign that said engine coolant was $4 extra. I don't care about the $4 , I was never given the option of having it added. REALLY mad, engine coolant is kind of a big deal and being a woman and not knowing much about cars I trusted them when they said all fluids were good.  Tech kept saying it was my responsibility to know it was low ????????? if that were the case I would have done it myself ! Will NEVER go to Jiffy Lube again and woman beware !!!!!!
4	I came in for an oil change $42 which seemed a little high, however there are coupons on the jiffy lube site. I posted the link the $15 coupon at the bottom of this review. The first guy I talked to kind of seemed like a DB and was rushed to get me taken care of, maybe because he wanted to focus his attention on the young attractive girls who were behind me. They quoted me an hour wait which I guess is becoming pretty standard these days, although they didn't look that busy. They seemed kind of disorganized and didn't even ask for my name or information???? I left unimpressed and came back in an hour to pick up my car. I was ready to give this place a 2 star rating but wanted to make sure I had the full experience before judging them. When I returned, they had my car ready and took my coupon to drop the price to $27. In addition to changing my oil they checked all the fluids, washed the inside of my windows, vacuumed my floors, put more air in my tires, checked my belts and wiper blades and probably other things I am forgetting. The guy behind the counter (not the semi DB from earlier) then blew my mind by saying that my car was in good shape and didn't need any additional work. I was a little confused about having my first oil change where I was not told my car would explode at any moment if I didn't do some additional service. Rough start but a strong finish, with no attempt to be up-sold for additional work and the extra stuff they did left me with a good feeling. Here is the link to the $15 coupon. http://www.myjiffy.com/oil_change_coupons.php#
5	These guys saved my butt. I was driving across the country.  Second day of the trip, early morning,  oil light comes on outside of Denver.  Call a few places in the Vegas area while driving in. These were the only ones who were on the ball. All the others asked me stupid questions.  All I wanted was a quart of oil put in my car so I could get back to Pasadena.  They did it. 5 stars. Put my girly mind at ease.
5	Had a oil change on my  2007 mercedes and he also pointed out that my serpentine belt needed to be changed... They wiped down the exterior of my windows vacuumed the inside of my car top all of my fluids.. Everything came out to $216.00 with taxes.. It took less than an hour.. Fast n friendly service.. Places to eat and shop nearby while car was being serviced.. Highly recommend this place..
1	Okay took my car in for a quick oil change and ended up needing to get about 700.00 of work done at my dealership after these idiots touched my car I'm still waiting on the check for the repairs. Stay away very unprofessional I would take you car to have work done at the dealership or another shop around town.
1	Came in for oil change, they were rude after I asked for the basic (cheaper) service.  Did the service so quick I have to wonder if service was really done. They made sure to tell me what they did not do because I paid the cheaper service.  Now I have lights on in my car for tire pressure (which they filled).  No customer service at this place, go somewhere else.
4	Desperately needed an oil change for my car so I started searching for a Jiffy Lube in the Southwest side of town. Gave them a call and was told there is currently no wait for service. Dropped my car off and was promptly greeted by the staff. Told them I what I wanted and was seated in the lobby while they went to work. The dude that rang up the register was pleasant, and didn't go through the charades of trying to up sell me products. I was in/out the door within 15 minutes. Very impressed.
1	The Assistant Manager was nice, but the rest of the staff seemed quite incompetent. I had my car professionally detailed and then went for an oil change at this Jiffy Lube location. The technician did not use the paper mats on the floor and got black grease all over my newly cleaned car mats!  There was also grease on my leather seats and door handle. Very unprofessional. I guess they are too much in a hurry to take pride or caution in what they do. They said I could come back and they would use some degreaser. Of course, no offer to have them professionally cleaned. So unprofessional!
1	This place, mainly "Mark", including some of the senior staff, are really rude and snoby. For smog check go to the place across from the police station on rainbow and windmill. They have a really good attitude there and don't keep you waiting!
4	I was in need of an oil change and decided since i had recently had the full overhaul on my car at he dealer the last time I would just get a basic oil change at Jiffy Lube this time to save time and money.I called ahead since I knew it was nearing their closing time and they told me to come on in. I got their about 30 minutes before close and they got me in and out in about 30 minutes flat since there was a car ahead of me.This was a rare occasion that they didn't try to up sell me on anything either because it was close to closing time or because I had already gotten the works from the dealer a few months ago, I'll never know.Everyone here was extremely friendly and they even offered us some apple pies from Suzuya, whom they share a parking lot with, score! That just about made my day.I wouldn't hesitate to come back here if I'm in need of a quick oil change again.
1	I'm still reeling from the even beyond poor experience. The level of customer disservice by an assistant manager named Mark is just impossible to comprehend. How this guy is allowed to abuse customers is just mind boggling. His rudeness, disrespect, and arrogance belies how Jiffy Lube could risk its brand name. I was never greeted as I walked in, just started with "what do you want'. When I said I would like the value oil change, this "asst. Mgr" Mark barked at me they won't check anything. He then yelled out to the men in the work area not to check anything, as if I was being reprimanded. It was very degrading to say the least. When the oil change was done, he didn't address me again; he simply pointed at me and motioned with his finger for me to come and pay. More disrespect. At the end of the transaction, no thank you or anything. Like he did me some great favor. My washer fluid was empty; no fill. No quality organization would ever let a customer leave with empty washer fluid. There was no attempt to offer to fill it even if there was a charge. $24.95 is a premium price for an oil change in Las Vegas. Most shops charge $20 or less, and are only too happy to perform checks and fluid fills graciously. Terrible's is wonderful. For $19.99 you get the works, plus a free car wash. I was originally headed there, but saw the JL had no cars inside, and seemingly decent price, which turned out to be a come on for incomplete service.  For that price, my fluids should have been topped off, tire pressure checked, etc. Basic stuff you can get with an oil change at half the price. Price notwithstanding, I have never been so degraded and disrespected at any retail location in my entire life. How this guy Mark could possibly be tolerated for even one day as an employee, let alone carry a manager title speaks volumes about Jiffy Lube. I've read other posts, and this guy seems to have a reputation. I wish I read some of the reviews before I went in there.  I will never, ever, go back to any Jiffy Lube location for any reason. I might add the place was empty on a Friday; usually a very busy day. I wonder how many other customers have been driven away from this miserable business by the toxic rudeness of this assistant manager. If you want to be treated with any modicum of decency or respect, you should steer clear of this Jiffy Lube. Sadly, I could not give this rating no stars. The only solace in this whole thing is that I now know where to never go for service.
5	Great service and honesty!! New to las vegas and i will continue to come back! They took their time to fully explain and exactly what you do and don't need aside from corporate reccomendations.  Feel safe with these guys
2	I would like to thank the smog tech for farting in my car before he got out and rolled the windows up. Other than this I'd say they have quite fast, can't say friendly service because everyone looked miserable and only said the things they had to, but then again how long does it really take to get a smog? Would have had 5 stars but my car smelt miserable after I got it back, staff don't greet you like a normal business should, you just get the "hey, what you need?" I paid, the tech have me my receipt then called the next person. No thank you, have a nice day, see you next time, thanks for coming, we appreciate your business. I assume jiffy lube corporate reads these so take those example phrases and utilize it in some training. Second, maybe you should pay your staff more they really look miserable at this location......Thanks for the gift (fart)!!
1	Thank you YELP! All of the reviews about horrible customer service are 100% true. I decided to give them a try because they are literally a block from my house all I needed was basic service. My mistake. I actually didn't get my vehicle serviced here solely because of the gentlemen's tone and demeanor. I simply asked for a quote for an oil change and tire balance. He responded with a lack of any enthusiasm or customer service and actually had attitude when I asked him to repeat himself about the options. I decided to just get the tire balance which was $19.99 for all 4 tires and told them I was on my way. As soon as I hung up, I called Tireworks, and MAN what a big difference as far as the greeting. I could actually hear his smile while he was talking. I asked about a tire rotation and he said it was usually around $10 per tire depending on the size. I told him it was a bit pricey compared to jiffy lube. Get this, he price matched it to $19.99!!! Awesome! In conclusion, I am writing this as I wait for my car to be finished at Tireworks DO NOT GO TO JIFFY LUBE!!!
5	Again, fantastic service by the personnel at this shop. They are honest & they do a great job. I also received a discount on my $100 oil filter change (synthetic oil) when I showed him the postcard I got in the mail from them. Hey, extra savings is great. The place was pretty busy, but I was out in 35 or so minutes. Great staff. Love coming to this location. It's on Warms Springs at S. Durango.
5	Best service by far in Las Vegas. I have taken my SUV to multiple places since I moved to Las Vegas including dealerships and this place tops them all. Best customer service and friendly staff. Mark is very knowledgable and respectful. If I could give them more than 5 stars I would. They will have my business in future occasions.
5	I went to jiffy lube to get an oil change a few days a go because the toyota dealership requires an appointment and if you don't have one you basically have to leave your car overnight . I got in and out at jiffy lube very quickly and they did a great job . "Mark " was very helpful and friendly and did a great job recommending which oil change I should get . I read a few bad reviews where people were upset they didn't get certain things with the oil change they selected. Maybe they shouldn't have gotten the cheapest oil change if that's what they wanted ? Thanks for the speedy oil change I will definitely back !
5	Speedy and convenient.  Very friendly guys working at this location.  I am always happy with their services.
5	Danny greeted me with great professionalism and he was really friendly. I've been going to jiffy lube for years now and I've always been satisfied with their work and great customer service. He not only explained everything that he was going to do with the truck; he also gave me a discount and also military discount. Awesome job Danny and Sam of Jiffy Lube!!!
5	Getting my oil changed is on the top of my list of least favorite things to do. I go months past the recommended time because  I hate it so much, but the guys here make it as painless as possible for me. They are quick and friendly every time. I also really appreciate they don't try upselling me.
5	Had a good experience here.  No upsells, polite workers. quick service.  The attendant quoted me 2 different prices based on the amount of oil my F150 "might" need.  It was the lower of the two when I checked out.  I'm a female, and it's always disconcerting to have anything done on the car.  I've even had some stations try and tell me that I need to replace my K&N (washable and re-usable) air filter...But not this place!  Will go again.
5	First time going to this jiffy lube location and I had an overall great experience getting an oil change. Sam was a joy to be around and helped answer all of my questions. Definitely coming back the next time I need an oil change.
5	I used to bring my Honda here for oil changes, but since I got the Nissan I have been a bit picky as to the maintenance aspect of vehicle ownership! These guys are pretty awesome! I can't say anything greater than that. The service tech was pretty awesome topping off all my fluids and vacuuming the car. Especially having a 3yr old that loves snacks, messes occur quite often. So glad I got the free oil change from my last experience in Henderson. I'm going to be bringing my Mitsubishi here in a few days for an oil change. Growing up my dad was a mechanic so tips out of the blue can really make someone's day! Please make sure to tip your service advisor!! :)
1	DO NOT GO HERE !!!!! I took my Audi here for a basic oil change. It was taking longer than usual , so I asked what the issue was. They said they were having trouble putting the plastic cover back on the undercarriage of my vehicle. Seriously , its not that hard. You simply put the screws back in the same hole as you unscrewed them from. Well, I had another issue with the car about three weeks later and my mechanic asked where the screws were and why was the undercarriage being held up with bailing wire ! I trust my mechanic as he has worked on my cars for years and there would be no reason for him to make this up. He showed me the bailing wire. The screws are specialized and cost alot to replace. This establishment is dishonest and unethical. If they lost the screws or were having trouble , they should have told me and we could have worked it out.But they didn't even say anything and thought that was acceptable. I wouldn't take my car here and I would suggest you don't either.
5	MICHAEL, TUMAYNE and NATE at the Durango Jiffy Lube saved me on one of the most scariest day of my life, the wheel on my car was right about to fall off as it was hanging on a bolt when I pulled into Jiffy lube, the store was apparently closed I was devastated and scared. However I saw TUMAYNE walking inside the store after closing so I was ready to quicly grab his attention to see if he would assist, but instead I was warmly greeted by NATE while I was in a panic state. Nate quickly offered assistance. I could not believe how AWESOME these guys are!!! Michael the manager at Jiffy lube came right out to see if there was anything he could do as well. The guys collectively took care of my tire.  THESE GUYS ARE AWESOME!!! Its HUMAN KINDNESS LIKE THIS THAT MAKES THE WORLD TURN! Thank you NATE, TUYMAYNE and MICHAEL!! I am a loyal Jiffy lube customer!
5	I've been coming here for almost 4 years. The customer service has always been on point! I really like the simplicity, the atmosphere, and how quickly everything happens. An easy five stars from me.
5	Awesome service. Customer service was great. Lobby was very clean and comfortable and quiet. Service was fast. I was able to get in and out in 10-15 minutes and made this errand so quick and easy.I got the 24.99 value oil change.
5	Yesterday I waited for someone to help me at the Wal-Mart auto center for 55 minutes exactly before I said, "Forget it" and went to this Jiffy Lube. As soon as I pulled up Nate greeted me with a very nice hello and I saw a banner for a $24 oil change. CHEAPER THAN WAL-MART. I've been going to Wal-Mart under the illusion I was "saving a buck" and it usually takes them about 30 minutes to finally take my keys and another 45 to finish a simple oil change. Nate at Jiffy Lube had me done in about 15-20 minutes. I was very impressed by how fast and affordable this place is, but also the customer service. Nate went out of his way to be friendly and seemed to enjoy what he does. My family and I will be going here every time from now on!Not to mention while you wait you can walk next door to Golden Spoon or Skinny Fats like we did! :)
5	Could not of asked for a better experience. Paul (Manager) greeted me when I walked in and next thing you know Sam (Cashier) was ready to cash me out and went over everything that was checked and recommended for my car. He also gave me a coupon to save $40 on my next oil change. Thanks to everyone there I was in and out no longer then 10min. Happy Holidays @Jiffy Lube Staff
4	Was a bit skeptical of coming here from some of the comments. It wasn't all that bad, yes the customer service isn't "top notch" but they were nice and respectful. I usually go to the one in Charleston and Fort Apache even if I have to go out of my way. They always take care of me and have never had an issue. But I was over on 215/Durango and needed to get it done. I waited a little bit but that was expected with a couple people inside already. Overall I am happy with the service.
