3	Sports Authority is one of my favorite places to get workout clothes. Unfortunately, I didn't find any good deals for workout clothes. I saw some clearance racks, but nothing was appealing. Anyway, I shouldn't be buying that much clothes since it won't fit in my carry-on luggage!A store worker went on speaker phone ten minutes before the store was closing stating that all purchases should be brought to the cash registers.
3	I prefer "All About Tennis" but SA gets a thumbs up for having a decent selection of Tennis-related gear, having wide-size tennis shoes in stock, XL size socks (these are shockingly hard to find), plus it's really close to home and the club.
4	I got some workout pants and basketball shorts here. They had some good prices on basketball shorts, but I am kind of particular. They had prices ranging from $9.99- beyond. I bought a cheaper pair just to lounge around in for about $10, they had pockets and everything, but were just not a name brand. I dont normally try on clothes, so I ended up buying a pair of workout pants (addidas) and ripped the tag off at home when I tried them on. ( I guess I got too excited). They ended up not fitting at all, and when I went back, the return was a breeze. No questions asked, and they didn't give me a hard time for the tag being off. Great customer service and selection.
4	So... I didn't really have a memorable experience at Sports Authority... I wasn't going in to browse around and shop... I was on a lunch-break mission and that was all.However, I did notice that a lot of the other people that did not understand what kind of running gear they should buy were being helped by staff...  and they were actually giving pretty good advice about cold weather running gear... So even though my experience was pretty uninteresting... it seemed like the staff knew the products and were willing to help. (no grumpy retail attitudes!)this sports authority is a short walk from work.. so I will probably go back if in need of more sports apparel.
1	*ring ring*Sports Authority...Hi do you have black and white referee shirts?Yeah, let me go check the sizes.Great.We have medium through extra large.Awesome! And do those have a collar like a polo shirt? Yeah. Great, I'll be in today. *time passes*Uhm, excuse me are these the only referee shirts you have?Yup.Ok because I was told you had one with a collar.No, just those.Well I wish I knew before driving all the way over here.Yeah, sorry about that.(had to grab it anyway, with only a few hours before an event in Phoenix requiring me to be in some sort of football related garb, the collar less V NECK was the best I could do with limited time)GRRR
4	i like sports stores even though i don't play any...basketball, baseball, football, golf, etc. i use to buy my running shoes from them as they always had good prices on good shoes. i get hand wraps or mouthguards, cups, and i should have stock in all the braces i've bought from there. they've always been friendly and helpful and i have no complaints.
3	Large selection at decent prices.  Disappointed that they had Dbacks gear but not the NL Division champs t-shirts.
4	I like this location - good deals on workout clothes and shoes, its hardly every busy, and the salespeople are always friendly.
4	This store is my first stop for sportswear, which is mostly Under Armour.  With the price of Under Armour being set, there isn't a special deal here, but the location is convenient for me.  The store is always clean, even during the time when the Pavilions was going downhill.
4	Whenever I need sports equipment or supplies, Sports Authority is my first choice.  I like the particular location because there's always plenty of parking.  This store is well organized and kept clean.Return Factor - 100%
5	great store! great staff! great product! youll pay a little more tho....
1	Bought a hat and some other things.  Got home and discovered that the hat was rung up twice, not such a good deal after all.Came back with the receipt showing the double charge and the surly manager explains they would have to check their surveillance video, etc., all for $7.We'll not be back.
3	I used to shop fairly regularly when they opened. More recently to get items there were not enough of at another location. People have decent knowledgeand everyone is friendly. Greet you upon entering.Say goodbye and approach you within the store. I now strictly buy sale items. While it is a large store I am not enthusiastic on what they have. Their prices are about the same.  When I like something I buy a lot.I just was not that appreciative of some of my purchases. One example is medium weight hiking socks.
2	Waiting in line to pick up ROC Race packet for 50 minutes so far and still not there yet. You would think that Sports Authority, a sponsor, would help organize packet pick up so the participants had more time to shop!
