3	New, quaint. Salads, sandwiches, entrees. I had Sirloin Cheesesteak. Not bad, served on Portuguese roll with delicious potato wedges. Bread was delicious. Friend had Pimiento Grilled Cheeseburger with Fried Okra. He liked it. Said Okra was like popcorn. It did look good. Home made soups. Entrees look good. Large and small serving options. Menu is small but is diverse. Shrimp Creole, Honey Pecan Chicken, "Neatloaf"(veggie), Salmon, and a couple other entrees. Fried Green Tomatoes, hummus. Iced tea needs some work. Sunday brunch. Closed Monday. Less than $20 including tip for both of us.Great service. Decent prices. Next to Pikes Pharmacy.
4	Great new restaurant in the Plaza-Shamrock area. My boyfriend and I went the first weekend it opened since it's near our home. It was nice to have such friendly service and smiling faces. We tried the freshly-squeezed lemonade which is wonderful so you must try when you visit. The menu was nice as it had a lot of items to choose from. We had the hummachos which is a spin on the classic nachos. You must try it when you visit. It was so good we ordered another to go for later. For our entrees we had the surf n turf salad and pimiento cheeseburger. Both of  those were good. We will be return visitors to Letty's. Welcome to the neighborhood!
1	Went by Lett'y's and it did not appear busy with at least half the tables empty, but still took almost an hour before our food came out and my wife only got a burger while I got a gravy biscuit with chicken.  I suspect a slow kitchen not the wait staff, but offering some bread while we waited (and WAITED) would have made it more tolerable than just coming by every 10 minutes saying the food will be out any minute.  We waited ~40 minutes from the time we ordered and then the food was not that good either.  I tried the rotisserie chicken salad on a previous visit that was very good , but this time the food was a big disappointment.   We had high hopes for Letty's, but after today I do not see us going back anytime soon with rock solid restaurants in the area like Landmark & Portofino's.  I hope Letty's will fix their issues and we will consider giving them another chance once the memory of the very bad experience today fades.
4	We decide to try Letty's for dinner tonight since it has been on our list and we enjoyed it thoroughly!  We were concerned after reading other reviews, but we experienced great food and great service.We started with fried green tomatoes and the pimento cheese fritters.  The fritters were unreal, very tasty and crisp.  I am not one for fried cheese, but this is my exception.  The tomatoes were much the same and were cooked perfectly- it unnerves me when fried green tomatoes are cooked into a mushy mess.For entrees I had the pork chops and my better half enjoyed the shrimp fra Davila.  I noticed fried okra on the menu and ordered it as well (I had to check it out if they really do southern comfort food!).  The shrimp dish arrived on a lovely bed of al dente pasta with a nice light sauce with good spiciness.  Most importantly, the shrimp were perfectly cooked and not reduced to rubber.  The chops were also not overlooked (which is a huge issue with me) and had the most lovely glaze.  The fried okra was flavorful and crunchy.  Presentation was great as indicated in posted pics.  I have to say that our dinner was great and visiting with Letty herself was an added bonus.  Check it out and decide for yourself!
3	I really do not want to give an average 3-star for this place because I want this place to be great. I applaud the owner for believing in the forgotten East Charlotte and decided to continue what Foskoskies started. Yes, this is the same spot as the former Foskoskie. The decor stayed virtually the same. It's a small intimate spot, very warm and down-home feel. The space can get a little loud because concrete walls just don't do well with sound. The entrance is my least favorite area, because you literally walk into the edge of the bar. There's no space to stand to wait without being in the way. Speaking of the bar, while the main dining room is dimly lit, the bar is quite bright in comparison (which is odd... normally it's the other way around).  I took mom to here for brunch on Sunday (it's only open for brunch on Sundays FYI). I expected it to be busy. What I do not understand is, they should expect it to be busy too, and somehow everyone looked overwhelmed. It took awhile for us to be even RECOGNIZED at the door, let alone seated. I didn't mind the wait, but a "hey ladies, I'll get you seated as soon as possible" would be nice.Once seated, I was dragging the possibility of not getting any service. After all, I have a feeling there's not an organized waiter sections here. So I literally went "old school." See, growing up in Hong Kong, most restaurants didn't have sections, people just grabbed the nearest waiter walking by. In this case, I established strong eye contact, and got myself a waitress.Our waitress doesn't normally work there, but she was nice. In fact everyone was nice, it's just disorganized and chaotic. The menu looked good. The price looked even better. My chicken & grits with sasuage gravy and biscuit was $9. Mom had Country Fried Pork Chop with Eggs for $8.50. I also had a cup of the lentil soup for $3. Our order took awhile to arrive unsurprisingly. I asked them for some biscuits to keep us from starving, and their biscuits and scones were delightful!My order came out a little disappointing. It was literally chicken fingers on top of grits. I had to ask for the missing gravy and biscuit. Mom's order came out looking great. The pork chop was tiny (and a little dry/tough), but honestly that's probably what a normal portion should look like. It also came with a little fruits and roasted potatoes which were yummy. Lentil soup was very thick, it was more like lentil stew. I didn't taste much of the curry, but it did its job as being filling.So yes, while the visit was not at all the most positive, and the food was not perfectly done, somehow I find this place still a charming spot. I hope the service improves, and I will definitely support my neighborhood MOST affordable brunch spot!
4	I was pretty sad to see Foskoskie's close, but glad something new took it's place. At first glance, not much changed - they still have the awesome oak bar when you first walk in, and rightfully so. The bar is a historic piece of the building, when Pike's Soda Shop (yes, that one) was in this location and still connected to Pike's Pharmacy (yes, there is a relation). The honey pecan chicken from the Foskoskie's menu is still there, and still amazing.I'm enjoying the sorta-southern, sorta-creole combo going on. They do the genres justice with good food that's not overly complicated. To quote the owner, "We know we're not a fancy date night place. We're a neighborhood restaurant where you can bring your girl for a burger and a beer and just unwind."  The owner, by the way, is incredibly friendly and will remember you when you come back. I love it when the staff makes you feel like a friend visiting.The special of the day is usually a great choice, and the "neat loaf" (vegetarian meat loaf) is pretty dang good, too. As others have said, they price half-size portions on the menu to keep things in check. Other restaurants - take the hint.It's good food, relaxed atmosphere, and the prices are right. We've made Letty's our weeknight out, call up some friends to grab a bite at the last minute place. Every neighborhood needs their "down the street" place and I'm glad this is mine!
4	Took my wife with me to try this place that was highly recommended by a good friend. My friends recommendation was correct. Its an older building with minimum exterior beautification. The interior would remind you of a good old mom & pop restaurant. The staff are really friendly and appear to enjoy working at Letty's. My tip: Give this place a try.  My wife had the fish and chips and enjoyed it.  I had the beef stroganoff with a side salad and balsamic vinaigrette.  Apparently the great tasting sauce was absorbed by the egg noodles.  I assumed this was just another version of the famous dish so I dug in.  The flavors were excellent.  I asked our waitress about my dish lacking the sauce I am accustomed to.  She stated she would check wih the chef and get right back to me.  To my surprise, Letty appeared at my table and looked at my dish and listened my feedback.  She agreed with me about the lack of sauce and confirmed my suspicions.  Letty came returned to the table with a side of fresh sauce for me to add as I pleased.  That did the trick.  Please don't mistake this as a complaint, because it isn't.  Each of our meals also came with a biscuit.  They were very tasty and the texture was perfect.  I used mine to soak up the remainder of my stroganoff sauce.  Letty returned again and got acquainted with us.  Through conversation Letty became aware I was from Louisiana and wife from Scotland.  We began discussing Cajun and Creole style dishes.  Well, it's my lucky day.  Letty is going to email me when she features Etouffee as a special.  Letty is prepared to impress me, because I revealed to her I never order Cajun or Creole style foods outside Louisiana because I've been disappointed too many times in the past.  I am anxious for Letty to restore my confidence in the near future.  I suggest giving this place a try.  After only meeting Letty once, I can tell she knows the business and is committed to succeed.  I will probably become a regular at Letty's  I wish to give a special shout out to our friend Jackie for recommending we try Letty's.  Thanks for the tip!
5	Tried Letty's for lunch on Saturday.  Chose from the brunch menu--salmon cakes with grits--and was pleasantly surprised by the meal portions.  The salmon cakes were large, flavorful and rich, though a tad dry (maybe a little too much bread crumb).  The grits...wow...honestly the best restaurant grits I've had in years.  They were creamy and retained their texture, had great seasoning and a nice dash of cheese on top (could go for some right now).  The plate also came with fluffy eggs, a few forkfuls of fresh fruit and a really tasty biscuit.  All said, the meal was the perfect size and a good value.  The table service was warm, the atmosphere was comfortable and the coffee was fab.  It isn't easy to find a restaurant that feels like a neighborhood place but Letty's makes my list!  Looking forward to trying the dinner menu soon.
4	This place is fantastic! If you are part of the neighborhood please support it regularly, great food and great service. Their sunday brunch is the best! Charlotte needs more places like this!
4	They dont look like much from the street... But these people are great. Food, service, price and decor are all right on spot. They even have a real bar to sit at or a back porch if your feeling outdoorsy. Please check them out, the neighborhood needs more places like this and we want to see them do well. Come and enjoy it before the hipsters start flocking to it and make it intolerable.
5	Ready for another great meal! Really love the Portuguese Sizzling Shrimp! Always check to see what the chef special is for the day.
4	We have been to this terrific, laid-back restaurant multiple times and have been impressed every time by the warmth of the welcome, the great service and the food . The selection is wonderfully eclectic for such a home-style restaurant, and the prices just amazing, especially given that they also offer the small plate portions, which are actually quite generous. Wines selection is small, but the prices are right and some of the choices excellent. This restaurant is just about as far off the beaten path from our home as possible, yet it's one of the first places we think of now.
4	Had brunch, was good prices, good food, attentive service, unique atmosphere  which is a nice break from all the commercial restaurants in Charlotte. Desserts looked great but didn't try them. Potatoes were a bit too crispy and bland. Small and simple menu but hopefully that means they're good at what they do serve. A bit out of the way but worth the short drive. Find their coupons in Explore your Hood booklets.
3	Pimento fritters were really good.I don't recall what our meal was, but I remember it was decent. Want to give this place another try.
4	This place is a great neighborhood restaurant.  The food is very reasonably priced and the waitstaff is always friendly. Breakfast is excellent if you just want basic bacon and eggs with biscuits. The food has greatness in its simplicity, don't look for any fancy dishes, just basic southern cooking and friendly charm.
5	I eat out a LOT.  I travel for my job and when I'm home...well, let's just say that my other half and I do not have similar tastes in food so, it is easier to go out than to cook.  At many of these restaurants, a manager will come by with the ubiquitous, "is everything okay", not really getting or receiving an honest response.  I'm used to this and I never really gave it much thought.  Until I went to Letty's.  I got the UnMeatloaf (I'm a vegetarian) and the "Mister" got fish and chips.  Mine came with broccolli casserole (more casserole than broccolli but good) and mashed potatoes (yum!).  I am not ashamed to say I scraped the plate to get every single bit of my meal.  It was TASTY.  Mister enjoyed his potato wedges (as evidenced by their quick removal from his plate) but wasn't a huge fan of the fish.  The menu said "beer battered" but he said he could taste the beer.  I found that a bit odd but...okay.  So, back to the "is everything okay" part of our story.  As we were finishing our dinner, the owner (Letty) came by the table and asked how we enjoyed the meal.  My response was obvious, I had nothing left on my plate!  Mister said it was okay.  Then, the unusual happened.  She actually looked at what was left on his plate and asked if he had not liked the fish.  He told her about the beer taste and she mentioned that it was beer battered.  He said he understood but just wasn't a big fan.  So....she takes the plates away and comes back with our bill and says that she could not let him pay for a meal he didn't enjoy and that she took it off, hoping that he would come back again and try something else.  I was flabbergasted.  An owner/manager who actually cares what someone thinks?  Wow.  Needless to say, yes, we will go back and we will try something else and we will keep doing so until Mister is happy.  (Actually, reading the reviews on here, I think the Honey Pecan Chicken will be next on the list!)
4	Loved the atmosphere. Everyone liked the food they had. I had salmon & it was yummy. Homemade fried okra was spot on. We will eat there again sometime.
4	Stopped in because we had a Restaurant.com gift certificate.The decor is homey...the staff is super friendly...very quaint place in the middle of seemingly nowhere.We ordered the humachos as an appetizer.  Quite possibly the best thing I've ever eaten.  I will be going back just to get them again.  We were warned to get the smaller meal portions if we wanted the humachos and we got the larges anyway.  Needless to say, lunch the next day was delicious.  We ate the fish and chips and the blackened chicken pasta.  Both were pretty good, but the humachos were the reason we will definitely be going back.
2	I have been here several times with friends who live in the area, not really by my choice. The food is decent, but the service is always terrible. Even when they are not busy, the service is slow. I have seen the owner be rude to other patrons, and there is not much positive personality in the place.  Also had some friends called derogatory names by the cooks when an order was prepared incorrectly and sent back. The cleanliness is also questionable.  I have never had a good experience here, and now even refuse to go along if my friends are going here. There are too many similar and good restaurants near this place to ever spend my hard earned money here.
4	A genuine mom & pop restaurant right out of the 1950's. No I do not mean phony posters of Elvis on the wall or poodle skirts on the waitresses. I mean honest home cooking for an honest price; for those too young to remember the 50's there were no Elvis posters or waitstaff in poodle skirts in the restaurants at that time.The first thing that hit my eye upon entering was a genuine ugly green Hamilton Beach malted machine on the counter. Yes I did have a milk shake with my lunch - they had no malt otherwise I would have had a malted.The pecan chicken is excellent and a turkey BLT was very good, as was the potato wedges that came with them. I see some folks had a bad experience with service. Either the staff has been retrained or those experiences were anomalies as we experienced friendly and very attentive service.I recommend this place for very good food at an honest price; portions are on the large size and you may need to bring some home for the next day's meal. If you can handle it have a chocolate milk shake with lunch and bring back your youth.One last thought. For those who do remember the 50's bring your readers as the print on the menus is not large and the lighting is a bit dim.
5	This place is too good. Best staff, food and drinks. Check out Letty's. I haven't had anything here that wasn't incredible. Letty's is a must.
4	Perfect staff! Lovely food! Casual neighborhood atmosphere! Great place!
5	To die for. I sing the praises of Letty's to anyone who will listen. Amazing food and service! Pimiento cheese fritters and honey pecan chicken MUST be tried. Love love love!
4	I have been meaning to stop in since this establishment became "Letty's". I just never seemed to be on Shamrock even though I live in Plaza-Midwood. I was a "tester" the week before the original, Pike's Soda Shop, opened and never went to Fososkie's. I only knew one Letty in the restaurant business, from the times I spent at Hotel Charlotte. I was curious. Today, I made the great choice to stop in. Indeed, it was THE Letty. It was great to see her and reminisce. I tried the special, a Buffalo Chicken Sandwich. I was very impressed with what I chose. The addition of bleu cheese crumbles was a great compliment to the sauce. The place is much bigger than the original restaurant. It has a terrific comfortable feel to it. There are rooms big enough for a company event or other large party. It has a lunch counter/bar with craft beers and liquor for those who chose to imbibe. If you live in the P-M area, grab some friends and allow Letty to provide you with a memorable time. There just aren't a lot of places like this left in Charlotte. Invite folks who aren't in the area. They will soon find out it IS worth the drive. Thanks, Letty. It was good to see you. See ya again soon.
4	Looooove Letty's! The Neatloaf is on POINT! Its moist, and flavorful (not a dry, bread crumby mess like other places), and I appreciate that it comes in half orders. The mashed taters are creamy and made to perfection ~ homemade and comforting...makes your insides smile :-).And The pimento fritters with relish are DIVINE! They are little, golden, crunchy, pim cheese filled, deep fried balls of goodness with a relish thats tangy and sweet and perfectly off-sets the flavors.
4	I love this place. It's like being in your neighbors home. I love Letty - she always table touches and remembers each guest. I really love an owner who cares. And that
4	Had lunch here with a friend today.  Charming place with a retro feel.  Our server was warm and friendly.  He brought our drinks immediately and was so patient when my friend took a long time deciding what she wanted to eat.The menu features a vegetarian chef salad.  Thank you!  It often seems that when I order a meat free chef salad, it is little more than greens and a few veggies.  This salad was filled with plenty of vegetables and Pepper-Jack cheese.  I requested blue cheese dressing, which was served on the side.  My friend got this burger that had an egg and bacon on it.  She especially enjoyed her side order of fries.The name "Letty's" suits the atmosphere of this place, and there is a real Letty who owns it!  I look forward to coming back here.
5	I will say this is a cool little hot spot! It used to be piles soda shop. Now it's the wonderful Lettys. And what a neat place with a bar that serves beer and wine, the menus is decently priced. It has a very quant intimate setting for one or two (great for a date!) or tables for families. The intimate lighting adds to the feel of comfort. Not to mention once you open the door the smell of the food is incredible. You become immediately overwhelmed with "what in the world are they cooking in that awesome kitchen? There are specials every day which include various items such as fish or chicken. I had the comfort food of chicken fried chicken with amazing gravy. Along side was mash potatoes and penne pasta topped with a white Alfredo sauce and freaking bacon!!!! Yes bacon. I will def be back here to try the special of the day and more menu item.
4	Have only been once since I got here 5 months ago, but I know I'll be back and will bring others.  Full bar, great food, nice people.
