5	Got their hot Pastrami Sandwich it was amazing! They have all sorts of deli cold cut sandwiches. But one of the employees recommended their hot Pastrami. Meat was juicy, full of flavor. I had them add mustard, pickles, jalapenos and that was a mouth watering flavorful sandwich.Their vegetables look fresh, the place is pretty clean. Staff is very friendly.I would definitely come here again.
5	Came during lunch and of course it was busy. But the employees behind the counter were friendly and very attentive. One employee in particular, I think her name was Skylar, was very friendly and polite. She said it was her first day, but she seemed to be doing a great job! Keep up the good work! I'll be back for the pastrami!!
5	Found this place on my Yelp mobile app!Came in for lunch on a weekday after hitting up the outlet mall. We were about to head home from Vegas. The shopping center was busy but we were lucky and found parking right away. We seemed to hit the end of a lunch rush because a) it was about 12:45 and b) there was a line, but you can see it was moving quickly. Let me just say that the folks who worked at this store were hustling! They worked well as a team, each doing their job and getting the customers helped and out the door. No wonder so many people came in for lunch. I ordered the Turkey Avocado Bacon sandwich and the hubs got a Tuna sandwich. We both got chips and drink. The ice in the soda machine was out and within seconds one of the female employees was coming out of the back with a big bucket of ice to fill it up! I think they were having ice issues though, another employee came in with bags of ice from the store so perhaps this is something that doesn't occur often. Once most of the customers left after being helped, the employees who weren't directly with a customer were cleaning and stocking the store. It was great to see such strong work ethic in a sandwich shop. The food was great too! We both thought our sandwiches tasted great and we ate them up! I am only bummed that there isn't a Port Of Subs close to my home. Vegas is too far for me to drive for a sandwich.Overall: Great food & great service!
3	I had a Groupon for this place, and I guess I'm the last Las Vegan on earth to try the food here. I was working right next door, and I noticed that they had a steady flow of customers. Since I had never been here before, I took a little bit of time to make my menu selection. Tis' the season for turkey and stuffing, and this place had a seasonal sandwich to commemorate the venerable Thanksgiving meal. My sandwich "artist"  (Tom or Dan?) and the other employees really didn't seem all that enthused about their job. Thank goodness the lady behind me in line was my sandwich advocate, and she instructed him on how to make the sandwich correctly because he wasn't well-versed in the ingredients for each sandwich.The turkey was processed lunch meat, and the amount of stuffing was pretty pathetic, so I requested a bit more. They were happy to oblige, but they placed it in the microwave to warm it up, and the stuffing ended up tasting like rubber. Seriously, I cringed a bit at the frequent use of the microwave. Ick!  I also purchased a chicken Caesar wrap, which did a fine job at underwhelming my palate as wel (thank goodness the lady behind me reminded Tom/Dan to put the romaine  lettuce and not the shredded iceberg he was planning on putting on my Caesar).Their fresh veggies were quite limited, and to be honest with you, quite sad. I love a "sala-wich," and I always ask Subway to "run it through the garden when it comes to the veggies. Okay, so this isn't Subway, but it's a'ight. I'm not sure that I will come back though, because their prices are a lot higher than the $5 footlongs I've come to adore from their competitor, and the quality of the ingredients is lacking. Also, Capriotti's makes a better turkey and stuffing sandwich (the Bobbie), and theirs is year-round.The staff was pleasant enough, and they were all quite prompt, but all 5 star ratings seem a little baffling to me. Meh!
3	This review would have warranted a fourth star, but before writing it I ordered a delivery and it was CRAZY late... so I'm sure there's some work that needs to be done there. I called for my order at 10:30 to be delivered at 12. They said this should be no problem, but then arrived at 12:30, which is when my lunch is over, leaving me lunch-less for the day. :/On the other hand, the in-store dining experience is fantastic. The food is fresh, and the menu displays options you probably wouldn't have come up with on your own. I like that they can make a KILLER BLT, and even microwave the bacon extra-long when I ask for it crispy. :) The staff were fantastically happy and helpful and made the experience a lot of fun. We'll definitely eat here again, but I'm hesitant to order a delivery.
4	This Por of Sub location only is the only I will go to. Friendly staff and when I have a complicated order they happily fill it. I love the number 18 roust beef and turkey is soooooo good.
4	This Por of Sub location only is the only I will go to. Friendly staff and when I have a complicated order they happily fill it. I love the number 18 roust beef and turkey is soooooo good.
5	Jon, Bleu, & Victor are AMAZING! I receive the most exceptional customer service from these gentlemen every time I visit. They always know what I'm having & start it the minute they see me walk in the door. Not only is my food delicious but I seriously have the best time when I come in. They are hilarious & always have me laughing. I look forward to every visit because of these guys! Everyone is super-professional, always gracious, and puts 110 percent into their work. Please express my thanks to your fabulous staff!!!
3	Food is great but this location is almost always understaffed and wait times of more than 5-10min are not uncommon and much longer during busy weekday lunches. Staff is not particularly friendly or welcoming due to their work load.
4	I was shocked to find out they served breakfast here and all day long. I ordered a turkey sausage sandwich and it was quite yummy. Might have to swing by for actual breakfast at breakfast sometime. Service was fast, place was clean, lunch was inexpensive.
3	Freshly sliced subs and friendly staff, although this location is very slow sometimes because only 2 people are working, which means only 1 is making all the orders and the other is standing at the register as the cashier. I wait about 10-15 min before I could place my order! Didn't help that the guy in front of me ordered like 5 sandwiches at once! I ended up not having much time to eat and was almost late to work...only come here if you're not in a hurry and can take all the time in the world
4	The sandwiches are good, inexpensive and the workers are friendly and quick. The bread and meat is so much better than Subway. There isn't an array of toppings like bell pepper and spinach though, but they do have a variety of melts and hot sandwiches that look enticing. The setting is cramp and needs a minor soap and scrub. There's no bathroom to wash your hands and sometimes the tea and ice machine doesn't work. But all the workers, during my usual lunch hour (11:30-12:30), are personable and super friendly. And it's nice to see a good camaraderie between them. They also play 107.5 instead of that shitty, family friendly, soft rock. So thumbs up from me.
4	This port of subs is great! I went in at 11:30am for lunch and they had my sandwich made and rang me up in the matter of minutes. They're bread was also ultra soft. Super friendly staff. This is the best port of subs I've been to based on their timeliness and friendliness.
