1	Only four cars in front of mine and thirty minutes later they still have not wiped my car down.
1	I can't believe we've been here almost 45 minutes and waiting! My wife and I waited so long we actually got hungry and good thing Long Wong's hot wings is next door. Came back and were still waiting. Wasted my beautiful Sunday! There didn't seem like there was anyone in control, workers seemed confused, with no sense of direction! Owners really need to spend some time here and take some control!Never coming back here again!
1	They don't worth even a freaking one star. I went there today, and received not even vaccumed car and washed my car. I wasted freaking 20 dollars. So, I stood and talked to the manager there. He basically said "Oh you don't point the marks on the car. I am trying to help you out, and what is that attitude?". Well.... As a customer, it is the right to point out where not cleaned and vaccumed, and he was telling me I was not having a freaking good attitude. Last time, I payed freaking 100 dollars to get my car washed. They scratched my freaking car. I still have those steam marks. It doesn't get away. freaking shitty car wash!
1	I'll just be blunt here: Francis & Sons car wash near Arizona Avenue and Ray road totally sucks.  I took a company vehicle in there to get it washed and get the interior cleaned, they wanted $30 for it.  Okay.  I specifically asked if they were going to clean the inside of the vehicle to which the supervisor said yes.  While waiting for them to get done with it, I asked them about getting the interior of my car detailed - $119 for full service interior detail, but they gave it to me for $100 pre-pay (I would not be bringing it back until the next day).  Well, when I went to get the company pickup after they said it was done, the markings they put on the windows were still on it.  I looked inside the truck and they had done NOTHING to it.  I asked the guy that was "cleaning" it and he said that would have to be an interior detail.  No, I said, they told me it was going to be cleaned at least.  He just shrugged his shoulders and walked off.The next day, I bring my car in to leave there for the day while I am at work.  They sell me the exterior detail package for half the posted price.  Call me a sucker, but the exterior was in needing of a good buffing and wax job as well.  Just paid the car off and wanted to get it looking nice again.  I come back some 8 hours later, they pull the car up and I started looking at it.  The road tar was still all over the bottom of the bottom portions of the car on both sides of it. There were places on the paint where you could see they missed the wax or "sealant" as they called it.  I brought this to the guy's attention who started to try and clean the tar off.At this point, I am starting to get pissed.  What kind of place charges $175 for a total interior and exterior detail and doesn't even get the freaking tar off the paint?!!  I mean, in terms of complete details, it's a good price compared with most other places, but if it doesn't look any or much different than when you took it in there, it isn't worthy ANYTHING.  These people could have cared less.  A crew of employees that are about as interested in making the customer happy as a detonated nuclear bomb is about keeping people alive.  The attitudes were outrageous.  I called for a manager.  I showed him spot after spot after spot of tar and asked him what, exactly, they had done to my vehicle - besides giving it a run through the car wash.  I point to a huge tar spot and he attempts to claim it was "scratches in the paint".  BULLSHIT!!! was my unreserved reply (sorry for the French, but this place utterly pissed me off and I at least will have my say on a forum such s this one and hope that others are spared the grief of spending money at a place that does NOT deserve to be in business). I'm sorry sir, let me take the car and we will buff it  out "again".  Yeah, right dude, as if you buffed it out the first time.  I waited another hour.  I sat down inside and an elderly couple came in and sat down next to me, we got into a conversation about this place.  The lady stated that the level of customer service and quality had gone down considerably over time. Yeah, I don't know how they did in the past, I can tell you that right now, this place has serious issues.  Well, this guy comes back in and I go out to inspect the car. The "scratches" that that idiot had pointed out before were gone.  Gee, didn't know you could buff out such huge scratches - cause' they weren't scratches at all!  There was STILL an area on the hood where it was clearly obvious they had not applied the sealant.  I gave up.  Live and learn.  The place is a rotten, the employees could care less, they are going to charge you for services that they do not perform.  The only reason I got anything done is because I got mad and got right in that "manager's" face.  All the tar was removed on the second time around, but..............I just left.  After inspecting the interior of my vehicle - they did a great job on the carpet cleaning, they did an okay job on the leather seats but they reeked on everything else.  Spots where they had missed applying Armor All.  Places where dirt had not been removed.  Remember, I paid $100 for this interior service of theirs.  This was a treat for my car that will only happen once in a while, the rest of the time I take it to self serve car washes and use the vacuums there.  As another review stated, this place does not deserve one star.  In fact, they do not deserve to be in business at all.  I will never, ever go to a Francis & Son's car wash ANYWHERE ever again.  I will take my chances else where or better yet, I'll just go buy my own buffer and all the rest of it and do it myself.
1	Just took my Jeep Wrangler through a "free" car wash at Francis and Sons and it tore my taillight off completely. The first words out of the managers mouth, as he handed me my taillight, were "we are not responsible". He then went in to say I can call corporate, but "we aren't responsible". So, I called corporate and they told me to go back and talk to the manager...that just had me call them. They then gave me the number to the west valley manager who told me "we are not responsible and there are signs there that say that" and then he gave me the number of the east valley manager that's off today. Can somebody say Run Around? So much for their "Free Grand Opening Special" I figure this will cost me $100 and maybe if I share it will cost them even more.
1	Guess I should have looked/read the reviews before I ventured I to this place. It's been redone & the sign outside says $2 car wash because the one down the street says $3. No $2 wash on the menu so I went all in & splurged on the $10 wash. That was a bad mistake. Got out to vacuum the car and noticed how horrible of a job this place did. My car wasn't even that dirty to begin with. In a hurry, I left without making a stink. As far as 2nd attempts go I won't give this place a 2nd thought.
2	Yeah, it's a $2 car wash. The adage "you get what you pay for" comes to mind. I sat in the car and texted while my dad vacuumed his car, it was pretty easy. Then you drive onto the tracks and 20 seconds later, voila, TWO DOLLAR car wash is done. Not bad for 2 bucks I guess; car left cleaner than it started.
