4	Wine tasting with light food, or just wine to go - both are good at this location, and they have numerous bottles that you don't see at the larger wine shops in the valley.  Most employees know their fair share about wine unlike Total Wine & BevMo that only hires ignorant, inexpensive, unskilled labor.Wines are served in proper glassware, by the individual glass, or in a "flight" if you wish to taste several.  Located near Borders in the shopping center on the north side of Mayo.
5	Recently under new ownership, and we've noticed a much better selection of wines that they offer. We love the happy hour! - and they offer TONS of fun wines to try by the glass. Our favorite: the ONEHOPE Merlot - it was more like a bordeaux blend, and oh so good! Very affordable, and half of the profits get donated to charity. We'll definitely be coming back to Enotria!
4	Went there on a Friday night after dinner.  While there wen't too many folks in there, the crowd that was there was pretty lively.Very nice selection of wine by the glass, and the staff really seems to know their stuff.While I felt the wines by the glass were a little steep, the two for one deal on Fridays certainly brings it from pricey to a good deal.Added bonus:  We joined the wine club (okay, I don't fully recall signing up, but it does sound familiar and my credit card says I did...) anyway went in the pick up the monthly selections and HUGELY impressed by by both the selections themselves AND the value.  We'll be back!  (and more than just to pick up the monthly wine)
1	The following review is based on my experience at this wine bar on Feb. 11, 2011:1) Food:    There are two important points to be aware of regarding the food. First, it is significantly overpriced.  We ordered a cheese platter that cost $18.00. The platter consisted of 3 or 4 different varieties of cheese and a few different fruits to pair it with.  The entire platter is roughly equivalent to what you would order on a Jet Blue or South West flight for around $9.00. It was significantly overpriced for the quality or quantity of the food. The second most important point to be aware of is that most of the food is ordered from another restaurant in the shopping plaza and delivered to Enotria in plastic containers. Really poor taste! At a minimum, Enotria could have put the cheese platter on plates before it is served.  This was really louse presentation and quality.2) Wine: WAY overpriced! We paid approximately $12 for a glass of white wine. The owner poured us around 4 ounces of wine! We were shocked. The glass was not even 1/8th full. The owner did not even offer to allow us to taste the wine before we ordered it.3) Service: The owner is the only person that is working at the restaurant. Service was slow and poor. The owner really did not have a good customer service attitude. He did not smile or ask us how our food was.  The only positive thing I can say about this establishment is the ambiance is really nice and they have a relatively good selection on wine.The whole dining experience here was so poor that after we paid, we walked across the parking lot to White Chocolate Grill and had an amazing meal for 1/2 the price.Stay away from this place!
4	On a trip to Scottsdale we just HAD TO pull over after seeing "the land of wine"! Who wouldn't stop!!!?Now...I'm not sure about the special listed, the Tuesday through Friday $8 glass, because that's not what I paid! Most of the glasses were over $12! I'm a bit disappointed to find the special post-visit and knowing the prices weren't offered to us.  Given the disappointment I still give it a 4 stars. The employee was awesome and I loved the ambiance of the place. Lots of couch/living room type seating and lots of wine magazines to educate yourself.The funnest part of the evening was trying to find the hidden bathroom!! Not really, but surprisingly a metal sliding door that you tend to walk right past.Make sure you stop by. Keep the place open for goodness sake; they need your business! It's pretty cool!
1	I purchased the Enotria groupon when it was released last year and had a horrible experience at the restaurant.1) I ordered a cheese platter. The platter was very much overpriced at over $18.00. The most problematic thing is that Enotria ordered the food from another restaurant on Mayo Blvd and had it delivered to them. The same is true with Pizza. If you order pizza there, it will be delivered from another restaurant in the Mayo shopping plaza. Enotria is taking a significant markup on the food because they are paying another vendor for it. AVOID THIS!!2) Another disturbing aspect of the visit was that we were served disproportionately small portion because we were using a groupon. We ordered two glasses of red wine. The waiter (who also happened to be the owner) served us a glass that was 1/3 of what is typically served.The only positive aspect of Enotria is that they have a good selection of wines. To be sincere, you are much better off going to a more reputable establishment in the area like White Chocolate Grill.Oh, also keep in mind that the current owner bought the restaurant over a year ago. It has changed ownership several times and the overall quality is suffering because of this.AVOID.
2	My husband and I had been to Enotria several times, which is probably several times too many in light of our recent discovery of the unscrupulous business practices of the owner of advertising specials and subsequently charging full price for what was advertised.  We had typically stopped in on Wednesdays, during which the advertised special as posted on the website is "Wednesdays - Ladies Night 5p-9p. Ladies get all wine by the glass for $5".  We each initially ordered a $10 glass of Barbera and when we finished our wine of which we would have been satisfied having a second glass, the owner talked us into getting two glasses of a Cabernet for $18 each.  The Cab was definitely not worth this price and I would have preferred the Barbera, but figuring that I'd be getting my glass for $5, I went along with his suggestion.  When the bill arrived, we were charged $5 for each glass of Barbera and full price for the Cabernet despite the fact that mine should have been $13 cheaper!  If the owner intends to limit which wines are $5 for Ladies Night, he certainly has the right to do so, however, when his advertisement clearly says "Ladies get all wine by the glass for $5", one would certainly expect him to honor the promotion that he created.  We've vowed never to return to this establishment as this behavior is a blatant indication that the owner does not value the customers.  We've previously ordered bottles of wine from the store and were spending on average $50-$80 per week at Enotria so while the owner may have made an extra few dollars of profit from us on that one occasion, it clearly was not a wise business decision in the long run, especially given the fact that there were typically few other customers present when we there, indicating that they are not overwhelmed with business.Their wine selection is decent, which is the only redeeming factor that warranted giving Enotria more than a one star rating. However, as the other reviews point out, the food that they offer is take-out food from another restaurant and as such, we never bothered to order anything to eat as we don't go to a wine bar expecting to have such poor quality deli delivery food.  The bottom line is that there are far better wine bars to go to that actually value their customers and honor their advertised specials.
4	I love that they don't have the "big boys" on their list and specialize in the smaller boutique producers.  Being the wine lover I am, I had to settle for a dirty martini at White Chocolate Grill... (Although the crab cakes were delicious!)  Luckily, in the same complex I was saved by Entoria!  They had several wines I was unfamiliar with and the owner graciously sampled me through them until I was pleased with my selection. Thank you Kevin, for an enjoyable evening and good conversation!
4	We held our Toastmasters' meeting there this week and had a great time.  Kevin was very helpful and took the time to answer wine questions during the meeting.  The atmosphere was very down to earth and comfy. Being a Sonoma/Napa gal, I was happy to see wines from "back home" that you don't normally find here in AZ.
1	Found this place via Living Social last year.  It was an Ok experience.  We went back recently and discovered it's closed now.  Too bad.  Cool concept.Return Factor - 0%
