4	Amber is a sweetie and so patient! This is inside the convenient store but in it's separate area. The ice cream is legendary. My kids love the animal cracker flavor while I can't get enough of the chocolate malted crunch.
3	Finally a Thrifty's that is close to our side of town! They have all the Thrifty flavors you know and love. All three times I have been here so far the people who are scooping are really friendly and are patient when you want to sample the flavors. The only bummer about this location, is it's located inside a gas station mini mart. This particular store always seems to have a really long line either waiting for ice cream or waiting to pay or sometimes both. It always seems that there is only one person cashing people out to pay, while the line goes back to the soda coolers. All three times I have been there the line was so long to pay that I was finished with my scoop of ice cream by the time I got to the counter to pay! This is why I can't give them a fourth star, even if the long lines aren't Thrifty's fault it can get frustrating with little ones. They also have a punch card :) So be sure to ask for one when you pay. If you are a frequent buyer you will get a free single scoop in no time!
4	After help from other Yelpers I found that the zip code listed puts you in a field behind Bilbray elementary school. Use the zip 89131. That will put you right there. It's in a Shortline express gas station over by the new Metro pizza. Hope this helps!They have many wonderful choices and are reasonably priced. I will be back.
1	Don't buy a milkshake there, Mc Donalds make %100 better one, the girl made it twice,  I told her it was the blender and she insisted  that it was not. I could have got some milk and added chocolate syrup to it and it would have been %100 better. I will never ever buy a milkshake from them again and at  at $4.99  for a large which is a hefty price for  a 32 oz of mild and syrup.   I would have at least liked  the straw to stand up in it .
