5	Dependable and professional! This is why I like doing business with small local business owners. They appreciate your business and want you to return. They designed banners and flags for my company. The pricing is uncomparable and the service is quick.
1	Just got off the phone with these people - John the owner.  For being an owner, you would think that the person would be more helpful in explaining what the process is in getting a poster made.  I'm helping a non profit organization and was trying to figure out what the costs were for different sizes.  After giving me one size he basically just assumed that I didn't know what I wanted because he never bothered to ask the right questions, nor did I really have the chance to explain.  When someone tells you, "why don't you figure out what you want and then call back." It tells me that I need to go elsewhere for better customer service.  Sorry John, that's why I was calling, to find out different costs which dictate what I want or can afford with the budget given.  Had you listened long enough, you would have learned that eventually I would probably buy 500 of various sizes.
1	VERY UNPROFESSIONAL, with little to no knowledge of what customer service is.  Came during a mid week, mid morning, when the designer was there.  I was told to come back when the owner was there "tomorrow".  Came again around the same time the next day, owner (John) still not there.  Asked the designer (whom couldn't be bothered to get out of his chair or to barely look at me) if I could leave my jump drive, art work and the frame that I wanted artwork to fit into with him and to have the owner call me to start the design work. I gave a detailed description of what I wanted before I left, but the designer didn't write anything down.  I almost decided not to go with them after not hearing anything all day.  Finally, John the owner calls me and asks what I want, so I explain it AGAIN, and he says he will have the designer do it for me.  (Geez, that would have been easier if the guy would have taken my info directly) Three days later, artwork is ready for pickup.  I let John know that I love the work that they have done and am interested in other products, as I own a small business that needs his services.  Later that day, I notice a small blemish (looks like a small rock) inside the laminate and I have my business partner bring back the poster and ask for a redo. She gets told by the designer to come back later that day, and she waits the following day to come back.  She comes back later than was quoted and she gets told all the ways that it will be inconvenient for John to redo HIS MISTAKE and in front of another customer, with a raised voice, and how his employee couldn't possibly have told her to come back the day before because it would take "way longer than that" to fix "this little blemish"- like he's wondering what she's so upset about anyways. She point blank asks him when it will be ready, because she doesn't have the time to be treated like a child.  And John says he has no idea, but that HE will call WHEN it is done. (Really?  You can't estimate when a project will get done? You don't apologize for YOUR ERROR?  You make people come back multiple times with no hopes as to whether they will get their needs met or not during that visit?) My business partner gets embarrassed by John's behavior and tells me there's NO WAY we are doing business with him again.  So when I go to pick up the fixed poster, I tell John that we won't be doing business with him again, and he wants to know why. When I tell him that its due to how poorly he treated my business partner, he says he didn't treat her that way. I tell him I don't need to argue with him and that if he doesn't want my feedback, I don't need to give it to him, I can give it online.  At this, John finally seems to care.  But I am so disgusted with his unprofessional and uncaring attitude towards me and my business, that I leave.  John  FOLLOWS me out of his store, into the parking lot-even when I ask him to "stop bothering me because I no longer want to talk".  Finally, I tell him everything that I have said here, and in front of a large audience.  Still, John does nothing to correct my opinion or to apologize for his bizarre and unprofessional attitude.  I just don't think he has the slightest clue as to how to run a customer service oriented business.  That's fine, there are plenty of other places that can do the same quality art work, without the ridiculous amount of harassment.
