4	Frontier Ace Hardware is one of my favorite stores in AJ! I don't buy much hardware but the times I have been in found the employees to be friendly & helpful. Wish the prices were a bit lower & wonder if they will price match the larger hardware stores? If they would I would gladly shop there more.
5	I love this Ace.  It is SO much better than the big box chains.  Because people can actually help you when you have a question.  We always go to Ace first, and we are always surprised that we don't have to go anywhere else.  Even though the store is not nearly as large as one of the mega-hardware stores, it stills always seems to carry the little odds and ends you need.  And people in the store know where things are and can give you advice if you don't know exactly what you're looking for.  Definitely go to Ace FIRST!
4	Very good place to shop for hardware & related items.The employees are VERY helpful - It is impossible to go there and not get asked for help several times during the course of your visit.Thanks, Ace!
5	Great place.....Alllllways somebody available to help customers. Mike is especially good!
3	I am having a huge problem with sun screens I ordered over 5 weeks ago. Mark came to the house and measured for two screens and took two of my existing screens to rescreen.  I have been told three different times that "They would be in tomorrow", and "We are having problems with our supplier". Today I spoke with the manager, Matt and guess what? They are supposed to be in today!  I don't hold out much hope for getting them.UPDATE:  Mark called.  Screens are in. Two screens are installed.  They are not charging me.  I think they did the right thing.  Still waiting for two screens that had incorrect fabric.Mark came back in the afternoon and replaced the two other screens.  Mission accomplished!This is a classic case of a business making things right by the customer.
5	I grew up when Marshall Fields was still in operation on State Street in Apache Junction. It was one of the grandest stores I'd ever set foot in. I'd not been back since it became a Frontier Ace Hardware. I was thrilled to see how much of the original soul of the place remains - not to mention the Frango Mints and historical information on Fields. It was a true delight to spend a Sunday afternoon there, and I had to be dragged out after just five hours....
