4	"Vol de Nuit" is translated from Drinking Student's french as "cheap good beer".In the summer their outdoor seats are a bit difficult to navigate unless you are paper-thin, but provide a wonderful spot for people-watching. as the crowds flock from Saint-Laurent boulevard onto rue Prince Arthur, maybe on their way to classy and francophone rue St Denis.In winter the indoor bar can get full, but it is hardly ever crowded. It is a big plus for this place: a crowded bar with people both seating and standing around ruins the night.Vol is not a bar worth standing in without somewhere to put your pint down, but for those seated it offers relative peace and comfort. Their tables are spread out sufficiently wide along the walls, while nothing obstructs the middle area except a few high tables. The conversation can flow very smoothly due to the music not being too loud and a few conversation starters hanging from the walls.Their Sangrias weren't very inspiring last time I tried, but feel free to give them a shot. Do yourself a favour and skip the commercial big-brand beers. Get yourself a pitcher of dark hemp beer (the white one isn't up to scratch, but I'm a dark beer lover myself). Follow up with a pitcher of any Quebec beer except Boreale they have on tap. I think Cheval Blanc is a regular there.$5 pints and ~$10 pitchers can't be beaten easily. Go to Vol for a decent drink with your friends after dinner or before hitting the clubs.
4	$5 CND pints woot woot - stated the sign outside the pub. Sign us up! My partner and I had been wandering through the Plateau neighborhood looking for a happy hour and, walking south on Saint Laurent for several blocks, this was the first we found. It's located between Saint Laurent and Saint Dominique on a street mostly closed off to cars. Little patio out front, probably very crowded in nicer weather. Inside, the place was really big and dark. There looked like slot machines in the rear, but we stayed by the windows, enjoying our microbrews and people-watching. It's a pretty dank place, not so great bathrooms, but good place to drink and people-watch.
3	I don't think I've ever had a better experience watching a hockey game. Granted I was in town from Boston when the Canadians were playing the Bruins and I was totally singled out, but the beer was cheap (I think a pitcher was $5?) and the crowd was wild.The best part? The game was being broadcast over a bunch of flat screens and in French. I was so pleased to be able to watch the game in French. Now, I know was in Montreal, so I'm sure a couple of the bars around town were opting out of the English channel, but you'd be surprised at the amount that weren't.
4	4 stars because Vol de Nuit is great for what it is: inexpensive pints and pitchers, two for one mixed drinks during 5a7, tables wobbling on the cobblestones in the sun perfect for people watching. There's always an odd mix at Vol of local students who appreciate the price point, hard drinking regulars, and glassy eyed tourists not sure if they are in the right spot but happy to sit down. Personally I avoid Vol in the winter, it's one of those bars that seems to usually smell of ammonia, and if you can't sit outside it's kind of just a black box. But on a summer afternoon it's a perfect cheap lovely starting point for a night on the main.
2	Ick - this place is pretty gross. The only reason they're getting a second star is because my husband enjoyed his $5 pint. I, however, paid about $10 for a watered down martini.The bathrooms should not be entered without a hazmat suit on.Avoid.
