5	It's not a Vegas opening party unless there's endless drinks, champagne, free mini-burgers, and Robin Leach is there.  Check, check, check, and check!The new bar looks good, big multi panel video screen that covers the whole wall, 80s themed music which is going to house a "Rock of Ages" stage show in the bar.  Big hair, purple blush, blue eye shadow, fishnet and jean skirt girls dancing and serving drinks to Poison, Van Halen, Def Leppard and Journey.  Sounds like they are prepping for a potential "Rock of Ages" show to hit the Venetian later this year after "Blue Man Group" leaves.
5	Where else are you gonna find an 80s rock bar with the videos on the big screen, beautiful waitresses who double as dancers, and of course an entertaining emcee entertaining everyone in the casino.  Marvelous Marv looked and acted the part of the famous bourbon room which everyone will soon know about after the movie Rock of Ages comes out.  We stopped in after my wedding and pretty much turned the place into my reception.  Kudos my man for a great night.
4	I'm feeling a 3.5 star rating, but I'll round up for good music and a good time without trying to charge cover, make people stand in lines, etc.  You do have to enjoy 80s music and the camp that comes along with the 80s or this might be your own circle of hell.  For us, it was nice to have a blast to the past, complete with costumes, music, and the wonderful videos on the wall.  For all you youngsters reading this, MTV used to play videos. All the time. Seriously!  It was a golden age of television. =)Drinks are not cheap (particularly when you can get drinks for free right outside the place), so perhaps a pre-drinking session is in order. As the name suggests, there are tons of drinks that are bourbon based, but there isn't the largest selection of bourbons.  I did find it amusing that there is a menu of Bartles and Jaymes wine coolers, to truly bring you back. The servers, according to one of them, are all professional dancers, which makes sense that they perhaps aren't the best at actually serving drinks.  Jim G. asked our server what IPAs they had. Her response was, "IPA? What's that?"  He quickly responded by saying, "Just bring me a Coors Light." Fun music, fun 'performances' by the dancers and the DJ, fun dancing to be done.  As long as you like this music and the cheesiness of the scene, you'll have a good time.  If you're trying to hook up for the night, then be sure you're in the late 30's+ scene and perhaps lower your standards. =)  As a tip, the Venetian has created a small gambling space right outside the club (which is very open for all to see) where there are some tables; this way you can enjoy the music and the vibe while still gambling.  Best of both worlds? Depends on your luck, I suppose.
4	There are definitely some high and low points to this place. For me the highs outweigh the lows. I actually doubt they will be around long either way because it was always dead.I'm not sure where the "Bourbon" idea came from. This is an eighties themed bar. Yes, they have a fairly comprehensive selection of bourbons but the bartenders know absolutely nothing about them. Video poker at the bar seems out of place.The place is beyond contrived. Painfully so. And I think its sort of an answer to a question nobody asked. They should have just made it a bourbon focused lounge and called it a day. I think its time for bourbon to become more popular. If fancy vodka and tequila is so cool right now, bourbon deserves its spot too.Anyways there are actually some really good deals on the menu here for the frugal drunkard. I sampled many bourbons but my go-to here was Evan Williams neat, in a plastic cup, to go for $3. The quality of the pour varied widely. Sometimes it was a shot and sometimes I got a half pint. It was always quiet though and a nice little pick me up on my way to play roulette or go drink somewhere else.I did try some other bourbons and they ranged from completely fine to absolutely stunning. The Pappy Van Winkle 15 yr old Rye was outstanding. I liked the George Dickel for $5 but felt Evan Williams is a better value. There is stuff at every pricepoint so drink up. I cant speak about the dancing or other festivities that apparently go on here. It looked kind of stupid but maybe thats your thing. I came here for cheap glasses of bourbon. I like bourbon.
4	Here I am, rock me like a hurricane!!!Yeaaah, 80's music, dancing, loud DJ in costume with dancing waitresses and...wait for it.... a Bourbon themed bar.  While I understand you can't have an 80's favorite like cocaine on the menu, I think a theme with lighter style alcohol would fit better with this decade. Maybe they were hedging their bet by going with two different types of themes and which ever brings in the most dollars wins.  By the name of the establishment it seems the 80's may be temporary and the Bourbon tasting will stick.Regardless of the intent, we had a good time listening to classic 80's hits.  I really liked that they had blackjack and craps tables right outside of the Bourbon so you could hear the music while playing.  More casinos need to incorporate music into their gaming areas.I had a couple Coors light which were around $5-$6 each.  It didn't seem like they had a lot, or any specials.  It was a Saturday night but with "free" drinks in the casino they may need to come up with specials to keep the place full. This place must stay busy otherwise it will look like a place that is over the top cliche.  Its a fine line between having fun enjoying past decades and being a loser in an extremely lame bar. Hopefully they will keep busy and adjust based on feedback.
5	Iceburg! Iceburg!Shazam a flashback album. Was amazed at how perfectly period Zenya was dressed...the next thing we know she and the other servers are in full dance mode on stage. Rick James...Rick Jaaaaaames....I'm dancing on the valentine...3-4 stars for menu content, but  have to reward the servers for doubling as performers.
4	I am an 80's girl, so I loved the theme of this place. What seems to be lost on some others posting reviews is that "The Bourbon Room" is from the Rock of Ages play/movie.  The play is coming to the Venetian in September, thus, having this bar at the Venetian makes sense. We were drawn in by the large video screens playing all the 80's rock music videos that were prevelant on MTV in the 80's. They also play blurbs of the old "I Want My MTV" commercials. Yes, the hourly performances are cheesy, but isn't there some element of cheese that goes along with the 80's anyway? Mark, the MC, is great and super nice.The only reason I am giving them 4 stars instead of the 5 is that, apparently, when you order from a waitress you are charged an additional $4.00 tax to pay for the "entertainment". These are the above mentioned hourly performances involving Mark the MC and the waitresses.  When you order your drink, however, the waitresses never mention this service fee, nor is the information printed anywhere. Seriously, with the caliber of this performance, please skip it, let me enjoy the videos and let me keep my $4.00! When we spoke to Chris the Manger, the issue seemed to be lost on him.  He said in the whole time they have been open (a whole 30 something days) no one has ever addressed this issue. Really? Are people so used to high prices in Vegas they don't even question it? He wouldn't give us the $4.00 back (because he does have to pay for the entertainment after all!) but did offer us a free drink. Here is a tip, though, it does appear if you order directly from the bar, you are not charged this service fee.I really hope they can survive as I am worried that the price of drinks, plus the fee, will end up steering people away and, as others have said, people will sit in the casino and gamble, getting free drinks and enjoying the music anyway.All being said, I would definitely go back. Would just get any drinks from the bar. Even though the drinks aren't cheap, by sitting in there and enjoying the music and videos I am still saving money I might be losing by gambling!
4	Oldies bar meets Coyote Ugly. Fun place. High energy atmosphere, expensive drinks. Probably not the think for a whole night but if you're looking for a place for a group to meet up before you hit the Strip, this is a great choice.
4	You know how normally you have wine with your cheese?  Well, this is like that except you get Bourbon with your cheese, er, your 80's bar.  I am such an 80s junkie given that I graduated HS in '86 so this place was right up my alley.  It is TOTALLY cheesy, the garb worn by the servers and bartenders is perfect and your host for the evening is dressed in full on Poison regalia.  I LOVED IT!  If you do NOT like 80s rock, FORGET IT.  You'll hate The Bourbon Room.I'm also on a current quest to learn about and drink a lot of whiskey.  They have a great selection of whiskeys, but it's a little too loud in there to actually talk about the whiskeys with the bartenders.  My bartender was willing to whip me up a concoction based on flavors I wanted in my drink.  Oddly, that drink was cheaper than one I ordered off of their small whiskey drink menu.  The prices are up there, but at least there is no cover charge to go in which I appreciate.  They do have some drink specials, but nothing I was interested in at that time.  They also carry some retro stuff like Bartles & James!  Hilarious.The music is 80s rock/metal/glam and every once in a while... maybe once an hour or half hour... they do a show on the stage with some of the servers where they dance around to a couple of songs and use props.  It's fun.  While I was there, we saw a show and then the host in his Brett Michaels costume and long blonde wig went outside of the bar and started hawking like a carney to get people in the bar and it worked!  The place started filling up.  The music is accompanied by videos that play on large screens so it's got the whole 80s MTV vibe.  The night I was there they were playing a LOT of Van Halen, but also Poison, Guns and Roses, Motley Crue and others.  I assume this is always the music being played.  It's also open to the casino, so even if you don't go in, if you're playing slots in the general area, you can enjoy the music or even stand outside to watch the show.  Seriously, you can hear the music very well because it is VERY loud.Overall?  I can see me returning here.  I hope it sticks around because I love listing to "my" music while I'm getting drunk.WHAT CAN THEY DO TO GET FIVE STARS?~drink prices are STEEP!  I hate overpriced drinks.  A price adjustment would totally up the stars~While I LOVE the music, I don't love having to scream to the people I'm with or to the servers/bartenders. You still need to be able to converse. Maybe the music could be a TICK lower.
4	Someone called this bar contrived. That's absolutely the best word for it. The bar is mostly pink neon, attempting to look like what a club looked like in early Married With Children episodes. The waitresses are dressed in tight fighting leopard print with lots of neon. It's too contrived. The trashy looking waitresses especially feel inauthentic and kind of wrong.But still 4 stars, right? Why?Bourbon and 80s music. Man, drinking a Manhattan and listening to Skid Row doesn't sound right, but it's pretty entertaining. Very entertaining, actually. The music is mostly terrible, but terrible in that fantastic way. Odds are you never listen to it yourself but, when a song comes on, you know the words.Plus, the drink menu is full of bourbon. Lots and lots of bourbon - a pretty healthy selection.I was there around 6pm. It looks like it may become a club, or more clubby, later in the evening, as there was room for a dance floor, but when I was there it was just a few small groups at a few tables.I will say, though, that service was super slow. For such a small crowd, and only 4 drinks, it took 15+ minutes for our round. Still, Bon Jovi makes up for it, right?
4	This should be classified as an 80's music club.  I had looked for one on Yelp, but couldn't find one, then happened across this in the hotel I was staying at.  They play 80's music videos, take requests, and have NO cover charge.  The dance floor is a bit small, and the crowd was thin on a Thursday night, but the music was good and the volume wasn't so loud you couldn't have a conversation with someone.  They have a manic host in spandex that adds to the fun, but they should have muted his mike when he was outside the bar encouraging people to come in.
5	Simple:Do you love the 80's?  Flashdance clothing, real Rock n Roll and all the music in between?  Do you miss the MTV videos of the 80's, when you ACTUALLY watched the videos?  THIS IS THE PLACE!!!  It's a lot of fun and you can order drinks other than Bourbon.  But if you love your bourbon then you have to stop in here.If you do not like to drink, do not like 80's music, big hair or people singing along to the songs, THEN DON'T COME HERE  Makes more room for my friends and I to enjoy ourselves.
1	Really not my scene.  The staff tries to push the drinks way too hard, trying to mandate 1 drink every half hour and the crowd sucked, unless you like drinking with your grandparents.  Definitely not for the party-animals!!!
5	If you enjoy 80's music and dancing, this is the place for you! I have been to this place many times over the past few years (when it was La Scena) and it always delivers a crazy fun experience. This place is packed every night of the week!It's a casino bar, so there is no cover. And, you can play video poker to get free drinks. The crowd is a mix of ages and from all over the globe. If you are buying drinks, get ready to pay $8.75 for beer !The music is pure 80's and they have the old videos playing on the screens. There is a funny host that gets the crowd going and a short dancing show from the female servers.Get there before 10p to beat the crowd
1	WOrst Lounge we've ever gone too! We had a group of 7 people meeting there to party for the night and left after 2 drinks because we had such a rude, nasty waitress, only 2 of us got drinks then she got snotty cause we complained. The music was good, the show was cheesy and we'd finally had enough so we left. I said something to the Mgr before we left and he basically didn't care. Don't know how this place is still open with this kinda show. It blew the Venitian for us. NEVER AGAIN!
4	My first time ever watching Sunday Football in Vegas, but where to go, where to go.. at first we had a place in mind but it was already past 10am , there was a long line and I wasn't in the mood to miss my game, so we found this spot.. First off, wonderful service, We had no problem finding a table to fit our group 4,  which throughout the morning became a group of 8.  The drinks are very reasonably priced considering it's in the Venetian.  The only down side is that they don't serve food, not even beer nuts, so you have the option to leave and return but can't bring in your food.. ( something to do with I think that it was a no smoking bar) They had a cute photo booth that was only $5.00 for 3 rows of 4 different poses that you have the option to share on facebook and little did I know they record you while taking your pictures so you can see your silly self on you tube.. good thing it wasn't recording when the boyfriend and I sneaked in for a quick moment alone. I would definitely come back, if not for the prices alone but for the outstanding service.
3	We came in here to watch Sunday Foot ball with my Girlfriend and some of her family.  FYI, I don't know Jack when it comes to football!  Yes, I'm a fish out of water, but Girlfriend's brother was telling in was pretty crazy here 4 months ago during the Stanley Cup finals (as I'm a Los Angeles Kings fan) so I think I would have maybe had a better time watching the TV if I would have been here then.  I did learn a bit of the game watching it here.  Though on the down side we stayed for 2 games, and I got hungry.  That no food allowed in smoking areas kinda puts a damper on things but eating is over rated when you're watching Football.  The service was good, though as busy as the place got we saw less and less of our waitress and more and more empty bottles.  The Service at the Bar, made up for it though as the Bar keep kept them rolling out pretty fast.The Bourbon room is a nice little place and I can imagine it anytime through out the year as a nice little place to hang out with friends and enjoy some drinks.  The seats are comfortable and the atmosphere is lively.  They Bourbon room is a neat little hang out spot.  Also, I checked out some the previous Yelp reviews and it seems pretty Gnarly coming here to enjoy 80's music.
5	This place ROCKED!! Literally! & if you know me, you know that's right up my alley.  I was recently commenting that the music in clubs these days sucks & you can't really dance to it, but this is a cougar dream come true! 80's & rock music all night w/ a great staff that is incorporated into performances and interacting w/ the audience.  At one point they grabbed my sweetheart, threw sunglasses on him & put him onstage w/ a guitar claiming he looked like Bon Jovi.... No, this is not the reason I'm dating him ;)... In any case, I highly recommend this place to everyone & will be dragging my other Journey loving friends there! SO, for those about to rock.. WE SALUTE YOU! :)
2	An okay bar, strangely plopped down in the middle of the casino.  It's more like the open, casino floor bars you'd walk by with some ancient Vegas performer on his piano playing to a bunch of blue hairs as you dashed off to wait in line for the "new hottest nightclub in Vegas" because you knew a guy who could get you on the guest list.But now, it's been reimagined as an 80s bourbon bar (huh?) a la Rock of Ages, complete with totally embarrassing "personality" roaming around the bar in leather tights, big hair, and eye makeup, shoving his microphone into people's faces and making witty comments while you relive your youth through Whitesnake videos and marvel at the teeny tiny bottles of booze they have on the back bar.It's a bit odd, but I bet it'd be more fun if you just got out of the show across the way.
4	Pretty Nice joint. We were gambling in the casino and stumbled in and crawled out (literally!) lol. They had awesome live entertainment, some included an elvis and a draq queen that had 2 personalities. The bar staff was also amazing! If you're in the area, stop on by you will have a blast!
4	great 80s place to party it up.  DJ was verrrry entertaining.... :)
1	Worst service in the Venetian.  I sat in my seat for 20 minutes and not a single server came by. They all stood at the bar with their backs towards everyone and then would help 1 section of the bar and go immediately back to the bar position. HORRIBLE service and never again will I go there.
4	Stumbled into this place the last night in Vegas before we headed home. DH and I had said earlier in the night we were not going to stay out too late and get hung over for the trip home.. haha that lasted what all of two seconds? This place had me sucked in because of the 80's tunes. I love 80's and on big screen and Karoake if you want it? I am not going to argue there. I was all over it. When it was all said and done.. we were closing the place down. Someone else had a little too much we noticed as well, enough to be escorted out. I love watching the drunks, even better when you're not really that drunk. We had a great time here and will hit this place up again when we return. Loved it!
4	Last year the Venetian hotel signed a deal witht he Rock of Ages show.  This show will run for five years and thus, this bar will be on the same timeline.  This bar offers many large flat screens that show 80's hair band videos.  All of the screens are sync'd to the music and if your an 80's fan, this is top notch.All of the staff dress in 80's attire.  The cocktail waitresses start at around 8:30pm and put on a short dance to the music about ever 45 minutes.  A neat fact are that these cocktail waitresses were actually professional dancers when hired and trained on how to be cocktail waitresses also.While your enjoying the music and a cold drink, there is usually an MC walking around and talking with the crowd.  The best MC they have is Marvelous Mark.  He is really cool and loves pulling birthday, married, bachelorette and others on stage.  The bonus is you get a free HoneyBadger shot for your embaressment.This is a regular stop for me when in Vegas and they allow smoking cigars.  Nothing better than a cold drink, great videos/music and a CAO Moontrance.  Swing in, you will LOVE IT!!!
4	I attended a media event here before seeing the Vegas adaptation of the Broadway musical Rock of Ages, and this place was really in full swing! The Venetian spared nothing in creating a vibrant, unique bar (yet somewhat cheesy) with live entertainment to accompany the Rock of Ages show. Crowd participation is encouraged when the 80s throwback stage show commences, and who doesn't love an 80s throwback show??The bar menu features (surprise!) bourbon in a number of speciality martinis, and I sampled one made with jalepenos which was OK and the peach Manhattan, which was better. This may be a good place to take your tourist friends who enjoy over the top, themed bars with somewhat cheesy entertainment.
5	What a great place to party and dance the night away.  The Bourbon Room played all of your 80's favorites from Journey to Prince.  The master of ceremonies (David Lee Roth Jr.) roamed the room inspiring the crowd to sing along to the music videos that played on the large video screens.  I particularly enjoyed the 3 to 4 dance competitions that were held throughout the night (participants received a free shot). It really got the crowd going as well as providing a few laughs.There was no cover charge and there were plenty of places to sit without having to pay for bottle service.  The age range was mostly early 30's to late 40's.I give this place my highest recommendation.
5	I couldn't have picked a better place to hang out on my one night in Vegas last weekend.  My husband and I got there early and got a prime seat right next to the dance floor, and chatted it up with Marvelous Mark, the emcee, before the Rock of Ages show let out and it started getting crowded.  The music was so much fun and the crowd was too, enjoying classic songs from Bon Jovi, Van Halen, Poison, Guns n' Roses, etc.  Just a really fun experience with friendly and hot waitresses,  AND they give you caramel corn.  My husband and I were at the Bourbon Room for about 6 hours on a Saturday night and I wouldn't change a single thing about it.
4	Went there with some friends on a Saturday night. The music was Classic Rock. It was good. However the drinks as is common on the strip were extremely overpriced!
5	Loved it, nothing but a good time!
4	One word: FUN!!! A friend and I were wandering Palazzo/Venetian, beers in hand, and came across The Bourbon Room. We heard 80s music and stopped to listen, and before we knew it we were singing "Livin' on a Prayer" at the top of our lungs! Since I'm an old bag, this place brought back fun memories of Junior High, but there were people of all ages here. We sat down for a while and the waitress came to take our order...we were good for the night, and she told us there was a 1 drink minimum, and she'd come back soon. She was very nice about it and not pushy at all. We danced a little, and then just went outside by the casino and we could still see & hear all the action and cut a rug to C+C Music Factory.I don't know how the prices are, but we had a great time. This is a great place for everyone!
4	Just stopped by to buy a friend a drink and we ended up staying for a while.. why because they were playing 80 themed music. Not many places now a days embraces great music from the 80s. I loved it here bringing back childhood memories and singing on the top of our drunk lungs with pretty much half of the people there. Pricy drinks but it was a great place to come enjoy the music.
4	It was midnight or later.  We met some friends at the Bourbon Room on a Saturday night.  It was crowded, but pleasantly so.  Great music, awesome vibe.  Good service at the bar.  Drinks that tasted appropriately.  Except for the slow table service, we had no complaints.Thank you.
3	The only reason I know about this place is because I saw Rock of Ages and went to claim my free shot. The place is really fun and I'm a HUGE fan of the 80's. I think it was just one of those nights in which the service was a bit down - problems on the horizon. The server we got was probably in a bad mood from the beginning of her shift. She seemed irritated that we needed time to think about what we wanted and that not everyone was in the mood to have something. The place has a one drink minimum so we were all scrambling to figure out what we wanted. After one round of orders the server came back with our bill and combined all the bills together in which they have a large party tax on top of gratuity. When we asked if we could pay for our own portions with a card as some of us did not have cash on our person, we were told "no." To remedy that, one of our party members then asked if we could have our orders separated out to which we received the answer of "no" again. The set up was perfect for mis-communication so one party member got the management involved. In the end we got separate checks but really, it should not have been as complicated as it turned out to be. Fun place but this was the first time I had an experience with a bar that seemed like they had too many rules. Fun place though and I'll be more prepared the next time I should go there.
5	Being a diehard fan of the 80s hair metal scene, I have to come to the bourbon room every time I'm in Vegas :) They play a lot of 80s music ranging from Def Leppard to Bon Jovi to KISS to AC/DC -- my kinda music -- and the host is all dressed up in full 80s hair metal costume and is pretty funny. The drinks are good and the price is, well, like in any Vegas bar/lounge but for me, the music and the whole 80s atmosphere is reason enough for me to swing by here. I just wish there're more places like the bourbon room. I really love this place and always have a great time here. The bourbon room is a must for any avid 80s fan, IMO!!"Ain't lookin' for nothin' but a good time, And it don't get better than this" ;)
5	Love this place! Been many times. If you love 80's and 90's music you'll love this place. Lots of room to dance. Kinda pricey for drinks but worth it for the atmosphere. Dj dresses up as 80s hairball. Never had a bad time at the BR.
4	Fantastic and fun MTV music video style 80's bar located off the casino floor of The Venetian, the mood is upbeat and Mike is a friendly and fantastically engaging VJ. The bar can get a bit loud in the evening when Mike takes the stage otherwise it's a very comfortable place to chill out and chit chat with friends over drinks.
3	This place does a great job of spinning the 80's music - although you wouldn't guess it from the name (bourbon = 80s?) or the decor. They play not just the hits but the obscure stuff that might have hit #1 on the pop charts back then but isn't considered retro cool now - think Paula Abdul, etc. They also have the videos playing on the walls which is a real hoot when you're taking a break from dancing. Or even while dancing - it's hard not stare and oggle the clothing, the dance moves, etc. The only downside is that the bar is pretty open to the casino so it feels a little weird to be dancing and looking out over a brightly lit casino floor - and to have everyone staring at the dance floor. It would have been more fun if it was a little more closed off.The other odd part - positives and negatives - is that being an 80s bar it attracts those enthusiasts. At least past 2 PM you get lots of groups of older women, girls dressed up like 80s, normal club girls, and just goofy people tearing up the dance floor. The crowd skews a lot older - avg high 30's or early 40's. It's a little like a dance party of nerds but everyone is there to have a good time - I've never met so many friendly people at a bar/club in vegas.Also, this late at night there didn't seem to be a cover or entertainment fee.
5	My high school girlfriends and I were in Vegas this weekend (we are all 40 now) and stayed at the Venetian. We went to The Bourbon room a few times. We had such a great time gambling at the bar, talking to the bartenders, dancing and drinking. If you're looking for a more casual/fun night out vs. going to a club this is it! I specifically want to thank the bartenders, Dan and Sean, for their hospitality! You made our night!
4	If you like 80's hair bands with some 80's and early 90's pop and hip hop thrown in, you can't help but like this place.  I don't see the connection between bourbon and hair bands, but I like bourbon and I like hair bands, so it's all good.As the name suggests, the bar has a pretty good selection of bourbon.  They serve primarily Beam products, but I like Beam products, so that's all good, too.  For you non-bourbon drinkers, they serve just about everything else, too, so you won't go thirsty.  The crowd tends to tilt toward folks in their 30's and 40's, but I'm in that range myself, so it's nice to have a fun place to hang with my peeps.You can dress up a bit if you want, but you don't have to.I would describe the place as a lounge with a decent sized dance floor.  Drinks are moderately overpriced, but in line with what most places on the strip get away with nowadays.   There is no cover charge, and never a wait to get in.  It's open to the casino, and you just walk right in.  Bottom line:  It's a fun, easy place.
4	I sang Bon Jovi so loud I lost my voice for three days afterwards.  Yes, we call that a successful night.  But bar service was super slow.  Oh well.  Hard to sing and drink at the same time.
5	We really loved this place!  The atmosphere was great, the host was very funny and had the crowd laughing and really having a good time.  The drinks were amazing!! My new favorite drink is the Millionaire!  Loved the music, it was such a great atmosphere we went back the next day!!!  And on our next Vegas Trip (Oct for my birthday) will def be back to the Bourbon Room!
4	If you love 80's music and a host / emcee that keeps the party moving in a fun entertaining way, this is the place for you.  This is the bar from the show Rock of Ages, so given that the show is based on 80's music, all the music in the bar are songs you (mostly) know by heart.  Mark, the host is fantastic.  He's dressed in his best 'hairband' outfit and jokes with the crowd, introduces some songs and runs contests to get shots, free show tickets, etc.  He's great.  The service is good, not great, thus 4 stars, but in fairness, the bar is right off the casino, so you get a lot of folks wandering in and out and that can't be easy to keep track of.  This is a 'lounge' but there's no cover, fair drink prices and great entertainment and music, along with a sizable dance floor.  Every time I've been there (5 times now) it's always a festive, fun crowd, no matter the night of the week.  If you're in your mid 30's or older, you have no reason not to love this place.  If younger, check it out and enjoy the music we used to listen to!
4	Located in The Venetian, it's a small bar with a decent-sized dance floor that plays all 80's music and shows the music videos on the huge screens in front for your viewing pleasure.  We had a great time at this bar.  We drank.  We danced.  We watched some kind of butt-shaking competition that was awkward yet hilarious.  We took a picture in their photo booth.  And then we danced some more (what up to the hot British guys, Matt & Drew I hung out with).And then when it was 3am and I could dance no more, I left my friend to continue dancing while I went to play roulette.  But I will remember you The Bourbon Room as one of my favorite nights in Vegas.
4	Good drinks  ,not weak and the 80's music and videos resonates well with crowd.  one of the better suggested bars in vegas to chill and have conversation. Located in venetian. Had a few parkers that went down smooth.  dj/emcee is funny and has wild wigs to boot
5	After a failed attempt to get into the overrated nightclub Tao my husband and I ended up @ The Bourbon Room. We had so much fun dancing to the 80's and 90's music we made a point of coming here again on our next trip and The Bourbon Room did not disappoint. The music is so fun and it truly is a place where people are genuine and happy! I am looking forward to coming here again!
5	[Imagine the movie preview voice]  In a world of corporate hotels and casinos, a world of corporate beer and liquor, a world of corporate bourbon, The Bourbon Room rebels!  Good on ya Venetian.  This has to be the only bourbon bar in Nevada, perhaps west of the Mississippi.  It's also a night club, but whatever, I love bourbon, and I'm coming here every time.  They have an Eagle Rare made especially for the Venetian.  I want a BOTTLE OF THAT!  Of course I'm not paying $161, I'm talking about one to go in the gift shop or something.  Maybe I'll come here for my birthday, but I want it for myself not to share with drunk groupies who don't even appreciate bourbon.  This Eagle Rare was exquisite, one of the best I've had all year.  They also have the elusive Elijah Craig and Pappy van Winkle.  Many indie, privately owned bourbons.  I AM SO SICK AND TIRED OF ONLY SEEING KNOB, WILD TURKEY, AND MAKERS at casino bars.  This is one of my favorite bars in Vegas now.  I didn't go here for the club, it was like 3 AM on Sunday (Monday morning) so who knows what the club is like, but who cares.  They have AWESOME BOURBON here!  The best bourbon bar I've been to west of Kentucky.  Interestingly enough the Maker's Mark bar in Louisville has non-corporate bourbons and tastings so you can do bourbon flights.  I would suggest they do that here.
5	Fun place to hang out, good wait staff, good music (if you like the 80s and 90s music) and a fun time!  AND, there's no cover!  I would much rather come to hang out in this lounge than wait for an hour in line and pay $50 to get into those other over-rated clubs throughout Vegas.  Will definitely be back next trip to Vegas!  Also, the wait staff was good in helping us try to locate a lost item in the lounge..they were genuinely concerned.  We found what we were looking for..thanks!
5	Located Inside The Venetian Spa Hotel Casino on The Famous Las Vegas Strip. Let me start with this, they play music videos from the 1980's! What else do you people need? How about a great selection of Bourbon, creative cocktails and great service in a non DB environment. All in all a great place to stop in and have a touch of the creature! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	What a blast! I celebrated my 80's themed birthday here with 27 others. The staff and entertainers were wonderful at taking care of our group and I loved dancing the night away to the oldies.  If you ask, you can have a section roped off just for your group which is really terrific. I HIGHLY recommend this place!!
1	The bourbon room is an incredibly mis-titled bar. It's advertised as a lounge but there is nothing loungey about the place and there is nothing bourbon-y about it either. Hearing bourbon lounge makes you think of a classy place where you can actually sit around, enjoy drinks and talk with other people.The Bourbon Room is NOTHING like that though. It's right next to the casino floor, there's a fair bit of seating but also a large dance floor area, but the music is deafening. We were there for all of 10 minutes (one shot was all) and then we couldn't stand it so we left. It's that loud, my ears flat out hurt. And drinks were a little on the expensive side especially when you can sit at a slot a few feet away and get free drinks.At least it played good music - 80's music. And I love 80's music, but it was just soooo loud that you just wanted the music to stop.
1	I have been to The Bourbon Room twice now and both times were HORRIBLE! The Bourbon Room is suppose to be a place where you can go to listen to 80s music and drink Bourbon and talk over drinks. However the place is LOUD and has a guy who is the "entertainment" but he just talks over all the music especially when there is an occasional good song on. He also says inappropriate things to the girls in the bar and that are walking by outside of the bar. He is dressed in furry boots that go to his knees and a matching vest that looks like he put Christmas lights all over it. There is also a dance floor, (small dance floor) its usually pretty empty except for the occasional group of older women having a "ladies night out". The guy who does the entertainment does try to gather more people to the dance floor but I saw him multiple times being inappropriate with girls on the dance floor. For me, someone who goes to clubs and likes to dance even with some creepers on the dance floor, I would NOT fill comfortable going out on that dance floor. The service at this place is THE WORST! We had a waitress shift change in the middle of our evening and even though we had all been carded and had drinks our new waitress demanded that 2 of the people in our party show her their IDs but then didn't hassle anyone else. It was extremely rude and she had just watched our other waitress card them. The ticket times were RIDICULOUS. We waited for 20 minutes just to get 4 shots. When we tried to close out our tab we were told that because we had 2 people on the dance floor we could not close our tab even though the 2 people on the dance floor weren't drinking and didn't even have a tab open. Once we finally got our checks we were double charged for drinks that we never received and 2 of the people in our party were charged for top shelf drinks when they never "called" their drinks. They ordered 2 vodka tonics and got charged for 4 Grey Goose drinks. After we tried to discuss this with our waitress (who had a HORRIBLE ATTITUDE the entire time) she then decided to add an 18% gratuity to our bills even tho only 4 of us drank and it was on 2 tabs. This place is TACKY! The entertainer is loud and inappropriate! The service is DISGUSTING! This place needs help.
4	Over-the-top cheesy entertainment, drunken tourists acting foolish, 80's rock music, and accompanying videos? All served alongside a comprehensive bourbon list including several cocktails and an ironic list of available Bartles and Jaymes wine coolers? Yes please!Take this place for what it is--a spoof of an 80's music bar in homage to Rock of Ages, the show playing at the Venetian--and don't get too serious about it. You'll probably have a good time.
5	This is my fiancee and I's go to bar when we're in Vegas. What really attracts this bar to my fiancee and I is the music. It's like going back to the early MTV days. The drinks are typical for a Vegas bar, about ~$15 for a mixed drink. The drinks are strong and expertly made. They specialize in whiskeys and bourbons, but seem to have everything else that you might like to drink. On our last visit, we arrived here right before a private company function, but weren't kicked out once their party started.  It made for some really interesting people watching, especially since it was an older crowd trying to party it up Vegas style like the younger crowd. The live entertainment tried to liven up the crowd, but the crowd just seemed kinda dead. The bartenders are attentive and despite the huge crowd, we never had any issues getting another drink.
1	Worst service in all of the Venetian. Waitresses continually just walking by refusing to even make eye contact, and the place was half empty! Never again.
5	Marveless Mark rocked!  Cool atmosphere! Great time! Waitress were very attentive and the performances were great. Gotta try the Marveless mark shot. And see the rock of ages show!
4	I think what others are saying about The Bourbon Room is all true.It draws a slightly older crowd than what is usually found in clubs on the Strip. It's cheesy. It's loud, and it's FUN.We went after seeing Rock of Ages which was a fun show. I am a huge fan of bourbon and the 80's so it's like this place was made for me.There is definitely a good selection of bourbon if that's your thing. After a few Manhattans I was feeling good and ready and the videos and music did not disappoint. I even danced which unfortunately I never do any more. I didn't feel like I was in a crowd of "see and be seen" types so it made it a lot easier to have fun. The ex Chippendales host was really good and fun. The only thing I didn't like was the prices, which were sky high. That seems to be everything in Vegas though, so if you don't like it don't go. Any fan of 80's music should check this place out. Not the coolest venue on the Strip but a lot of fun.
2	Great 80's music!  The music is great.  The drink/beer prices are outrageous.  The Venetian Rock of Ages Show is worth seeing but this bar is not.  The one-man show is terrible.  He should have retired years ago.  How about letting a song finish?  They play a few seconds of a great song then this guy interrupts, runs around, and tries to get people to drink more.
3	Fantastic music and the host is funny. If you love the 80's this is the place to be. But the drink prices are insane. Two vodka tonics was $28? I would tell you our total tab but it was ridiculous. I'm getting pre drinking elsewhere next time.
3	A slightly older crowd, drinks are good..crowd? Well I can't even describe it.  Odd and bizarre. Music is pretty good.
1	Cool atmosphere,  if only they had staff that could make a drink! Plus a bartender with a flamboyant attitude who's uninterested and could care less. I don't know if I'm more disappointed in the drink or the bartender.
1	Awful bartender and drinks! We just left our sugar water drinks because they were so bad.  What a disappointment.
5	Loved this place if you're a child of the 80s 90s you'll love it too.Stopped in because my tickets for Rock of Ages came with a free shot.  The place was an awesome place to get ready for the show and their selection of Bourbons was top notch.  Great service  and music complete with their ridiculous MTV music videos*I will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas.*FYI MTV used to play music videos.
4	This is a great bar to bring friends drink a cold one and enjoy the night.  Its sometimes laid  back but at times can be wild crazy and fun! ! We went when dominos had there convention in town and this place was packed they even  had people up on stage
4	What a fun place!  This was a great place to bring a group and hang out, drink, and dance.  The music is totally 80's and fun and the drinks are not bad.  It had enough room for our group so that we could all sit together near the dance floor and still talk.  A much better vibe than V bar down the way.
5	Clean, friendly, fun, and 80's?This bar is the best!I'm 30 years old and barely remember the 80's but I do love the music. The crowd is a half a decade or more older than me, but that means it eliminates the douchbags that come to Las Vegas. Drinks are STRONG and the dance floor is small...but most people dance in their seats anyway. The VJs/music videos are great!Great alternative to a club, just not a club and so much more fun.
4	It is what it claims to be, a "Bourbon Room." We got there a little early but still enjoyed every minute of this place. They have a good selections of bourbons and other spirits. I enjoyed some Knob Creek as I was transported back to the 80's or at least what I have been told the early 80's were like.It was a little more then I would have liked to pay for a drink, but it's Vegas.
5	They say you can't go back but in the Bourbon Room you can at least pretend to for a few hours. I don't gamble so while some friends were giving their money to the casino I went over to where I heard some great 80's rock music emanating from and found the Bourbon Room. Great place nice staff, did I mention the music? It was like being in Hollywood back in 1986 except I'm fatter but that's not the important part and you probably don't need that visual. The drinks were great according to those in my party that consume alcohol, unlike most bars in Vegas the tables weren't bottle service only so you could sit and watch some fantastic haystack hair in the videos and still chat as the music was not set to ear bleeding level, I guess you could say they turned it up to 10 and  1/2 rather than 11.  So next time you're in Vegas go see Rock of Ages a great show and then hang out in the Bourbon Room and pretend it's the 80's without all the cocaine  and herpes.
5	Okay, I could sit here all day and watch 80's videos.  Especially during the day when it's not busy.  My $16 drink will last me longer than $20 in a slot machine, so why not?  The only problem is it can be a bit depressing to realize you watched those videos for the first time 30 years ago.  Yep, those days are gone.
5	Was given some drink coupons prior to the Rock of Ages show... So we decided to check this place out and use them.Very friendly staff and great bourbon infused drinks.  Fantastic music :)We'd definitely come back and hang out with friends here.
5	This is the bar that is associated with the musical Rock of Ages that is showing at the Venetian hotel. After the show, they will do a live web cast with Marvelous Mike and the dancing waitstaff. If you are a child of the 80's, you will love this place because that's all that they play. Just a warning, this is on the Strip and it's expensive as hell for the drinks (just like most of the other bars on The Strip). Stop by here and have some fun and a drink and re-live the 80's!
4	The bartenders, once you get past the themed appearance are smooth and professional. The selection of bourbon is expansive but not comprehensive. There's a well curated stock of middle to upper shelf labels that will probably meet your preferences. They also pour premium vodkas, tequilas and other spirits. A limited however thoughtfully put together choice of craft beers is available. Beer is not offered on tap. Prices are reasonable for the generous and premium pours. If you're ordering brands considered top shelf in many places there's a cost associated with that. I found it to be very fair.The 80's rock theme is played out on big screens and a camera was taking live shots of dancing guests. The over the top costumed MC added a little humor and is very personable. Some choreographed dancers do their famkly friendly part along an elevated area at the back of the room. The place was spotlessly clean and there are severs comfortable areas to sit, stand, dance and converse. I'd go back for a return visit. It was fun.
2	After reading all of the reviews on here and trip advisor I was absolutely pumped to do the bourbon room after seeing Rock of Ages. But as fast as I got in quickly realized that enjoyment is in the eye of the beholder. I plan on giving you a review based on what I saw and not what the bourbon room is trying to portray. We also visited right after watching the rock of ages show.The bar looks industrial, circa 1980s. Lots of booths, tables, good sized bar, and a slightly small dance floor. But that might make for some more intimate encounters. If you watch the rock of ages stage show and the movie this bar resembles it in no way whatsoever. Im shocked they actually call it the bourbon room considering that. It was like they just got lazy or turned an old bar into this one by slapping on a neon sign. Strike one.Drinks in vegas arent cheap. When you gamble and drink for free thats exactly why. But a redbull and vodka here was $26 with tip. I am not kidding either. A gin and tonic was $13, much more reasonable. Being from chicago, downtown isnt cheap, but its also not as expensive as this bar was compared to the rest of the bars in vegas that we visited. We also used our rock of ages shot coupons at this point which were pretty tasty.So my wife and I find a table and take a seat to enjoy the crowd and music like we read so much on yelp about. The crowd atmosphere was fun. We found ourselves socializing with others as you would in vegas. We also noticed the resident host Mike walking around decked in 80s rocker garb. We read so much about him how he is supposed to interact with the crowd.....yeah right. He basically walked back and forth looking for big groups, he would then ask what they were celebrating and announce it in between songs. He walked past my wife and I at least 6 times, made eye contact with me each time and didnt say a word to us. We didnt see him ask anyone for music requests like some of the other reviews said either. I really didnt get it. He only seemed concerned for the big groups despite the countless tables of smaller parties that he didnt even say hi to. Strike 2.The wait staff was friendly and attractive, but what else do you expect in vegas. They were fast too, but for $26 a drink, they better be. Every so often the wait staff gets called up on "stage." Its a platform by the video screens. They dance together. Whoopity fricken doo. When they finish they go right back to their job, its like they dont even care that they have to do that. Mike and the dancers are explained by many on yelp to interact and really change the atmosphere. Im sorry but on our visit I didnt see this one bit. It was going through the motions for them.The music is very good and the videos are cool to accompany it. It is all 80s music but a good variety from rock to pop. The negative is when you have a dance floor you need to play music people can dance to. They would play 2 or 3 songs that were great for dancing and then change it up to a song that nobody could dance to, and then go back and play another good dancing song, etc etc. I get why they did this to appease everyone there but it was silly in my opinion.Then theres the cast of rock of ages that are suppose to come to the bar and interact. Ha. The stage band's guitar played showed up, parked himself at a table in the middle of the bar and hung out with his friends all night. The narrator from the show also showed up out of costume and talked with the guitar player for a few minutes than disappeared. That is all we saw from the show. I would have loved to tell them how great they did or how we enjoyed the show but I have a level of respect for people in public. If they look like they dont want to be bothered, i dont bother them. Again, it was like they were going through the motions and didnt actually care to be there. Strike 3. After a couple of hours, we left. Nothing changed.If you like 80s music, have a deep bankroll, and want a bar to chill in then go to the bourbon room. It fits all those bills. But if you are going because you are wanting to experience a rock of ages like time for yourself, you will be disappointed. I didnt come here to go to a bar, I could have done that anywhere in vegas.
4	We heard about this bar from my husband's colleagues and decided to pop in Saturday night around 9. We were stumbling around a bit trying to find it and thankfully there was Mike with his megaphone, directing people where to go. We had a large group of 10 people and were very easily about to grab a spot and keep it all night. The decor is industrial but really you're there for the music videos and entertainment.I had read reviews before coming and so was prepared for the drink prices. What people don't mention is that they have Bartles & Jaymes!! For $6! Granted earlier that day I bought a four pack for $5 but still!! Yuuuum!! They're a whopping 3.2% percent so you're not getting any buzz from them, but they're delicious and cheap!! We stayed from 9pm-1am and our bill for four people was only $145. Not bad! Our first server was amazing and constantly checked on us. We never had a wait for drinks, even when she was up on the stage dancing. She unfortunately left our section near the end of the night and we were stuck with a slow, turbo grumpy lady. That was quite the bummer. We had long drink waits and she was frowny. Thankfully this was at the end of our night. Overall, our group was unanimous that this was our favorite stop during our trip. The atmosphere was great and we could sing along and dance. We won't hesitate to be back!!
5	Fantastic service, cool atmosphere, and great recommendations from the staff. I had the Mint Julep from Hell which was rockin' (no pun intended...the bar is based on Rock of Ages @ the Venetian). A mint julep with a jalepeno infusion? Yes please! It was hands down the best drink I had while in Vegas. Highly recommended, I'll go back when i'm in Vegas again.
4	Entertaining bar located right off the casino.  It has a casual and fun atmosphere with lots of seating.  It is a good choice to party if you don't want to spend a lot on a cover charge for a packed club.  It has enough energy, and you can still talk with friends.  People dance here, and the bar is themed as the Rock of Ages show.
1	I put my debit card on hold for a tab but my friends ended up picking up the bill. They ended up charging me for all the drinks even though I never signed for anything. Dishonest.
3	We went there before we had drinks before Rock of Ages.  There drink selection was ok. I was not impressed.  We also saw the bar after the show and it was much more lively.  There was a host that interacted with audience and tried to get the audience to interact with each other to make it more of a community.  If I was to ever return there, it would be after the show.
4	Great place to sit back and relax have a drink befor dinner. The wait staff were friendly and service was great.
