5	The owner and waiter were very friendly and the food was extremely tasty. The spicy Syrian fish was especially good as was the cardamom ice cream.
5	Can I express how excited I am that Naya Cuisine has opened in Squirrel Hill? No! If you're looking for authentic middle eastern cuisine in Pittsburgh, Naya is a must. I personally love their baba ganouj! The atmosphere is very inviting inside and it's located in the heart of Squirrel Hill.
5	I have been in this restaurant for 2 times and tried their Lamb Sandwich, Baba Ganouj and Shawarma Chicken. They are all very delicious. Next time I will try Sleek which has kale inside. It looks really tasty and servings are large. Waitstaff is nice and helpful. Decor is cozy. I can't wait to go there again and try other dishes.
4	I'm really happy this restaurant opened up in Squirrel Hill. We had the sleek plate and the falafel sandwich. The sleek was one of the best things I've ever eaten, tart and nicely spiced, with a delicious rice pilaf on the side. The falafel was very good as well, served in an oversized pita with pickled vegetables and tahini. We are excited to return and try more dishes.
5	My wife and I have now visited Naya twice and find it an exceptional addition to the dining options in Pittsburgh and in Squirrel Hill.  The food is exquisite and prepared with great delicacy.  The spices are exceptional.  The service has been excellent and the host friendly and informative.  I highly recommend it!
5	I think this place offers the best middle eastern food i have ever tried in Greater Pittsburgh !!
4	Had a chicken shwarma for lunch.  It was nice and big.  I thought the taste was ok.  Looking forward to going back to try something else.
5	Really delicious. I got the lamb chops, mashed potatoes, veggies and a salad (a dinner plate). The owner/chef Radua was really sweet and the service was good. I just got it to go but this place deserves more business their food is great
1	Salad was fresh with flavorful dressing. Lamb shanks were overcooked, and very dry, but the accompanying dried fruits were very tasty. In the end I ended up not finishing the lamb. The side was too salty (eggplant), the  owner insisted that it was not, although it's my call. and I"m not about to argue with her. Service was about the norm for this neighborhood.Not recommended until they get their act together.
4	The lamb chops are good but it is a little sweet as they are cooked with many fruits. The service is good there.
3	A weak 3 star . The restaurant is nicely organized with a fair amount of space between tables. It was quite empty when we were there on a Wednesday. Service was fine.The baba ghanouj was good -  a generous serving for the appetizer - that should please Pittsburghers. The entrees were disappointing. The lamb shank was too salty, although the fruits added a nice sweet flavor. The shawarma was chewy, and not particularly good. And it's not cheap at all: entrees are around 18-20 (sandwiches are cheaper, and may be better).
2	Too expensive for what you actually get!  I ordered the lamb salad- $16.. For a small salad with 4 pieces of lamb- not all that well seasoned. The tzatziki had no flavor to it, nor the hummus-    My man had the lamb burger - which was also very bland.... But The service was good and the place looks very nice Not many affordable options for gluten free eater like myself!  Too expensive for food that doesn't match the price tag.
4	Went here today for lunch. We were served pita bread with zaatar and oil which was delicious.  I ordered the sleek which was delicious.  The waitress did mention that all dishes come with salad, but I did not receive one and neither did my friend.  The sleek was delicious! It is a plate of kale and black eyed beans with cracked wheat and rice pilaf. It was delicious and filling! I loved it. Their tahini was not to my liking and when I requested hot sauce I was given red hot, which is not really what I expect when going to a Mediterranean restaurant.  Overall I can't wait to go back and try some other dishes!
5	I just went to Naya's for the second time and had a really memorable meal. We started with the baba ghanoush and hummous and they were delicious. Creamy and a great texture and not too oily. We also had the meatball appetizer, which may have been the best meatballs I've ever had - the tomato sauce was thick and well spiced and the meatballs were moist and flavorful. They were really large and could easily have been an entree with a side salad. For my entree, I had the lamb chops. They come with a sweet sauce of dates and apricots, which I liked because it was really with the mashed potatoes. In the future though, I may ask for it on the side because for the two chops that had less sauce, I got to taste the grill flavor and that was incredible! The lamb was grilled perfectly. There are great little touches too like the little pieces of grilled (or fried?) onion on top of the mashed potatoes. For dessert, we had Syrian coffee and chai tea and shared namora (the best I've ever had - crisp out the edges and moist inside and very aromatic with the rose-water honey). The slivered almonds on top were really good. I've been to several middle eastern restaurants in Pittsburgh and this is my favorite. I can't wait to go back!
4	The lamb chop is very tender and delicious. It is cooked with fruits so maybe a bit too sweet for people who don't like sweet taste, but for me it is very good. I also like the service, the decoration, and the atmosphere there.
4	It'd be easy to get lost among all the restaurants in Squirrel Hill, but my wife and I are really glad we gave Naya's a try.  The first time we went, we ordered 3 appetizers: the mezza platter(its a sampler), keftades, and falafel.  The second time back we couldn't help but do the same thing with the addition of the moshkan.  Finally, for our third visit, we ventured into the entrees and weren't disappointed.  My wife order the Moroccan shrimp and I ordered a shrimp pasta.  Her's wasn't necessarily what she would think of as authentic Moroccan but it was delicious, and mine was solid as well, although a little on the heavy side. It's BYOB with a small fee.  Squirrel Hill is overpopulated with Asian restaurants so I'm so happy that we've discovered this blend of Syrian/Eqyptian/Middle Eastern place.
4	Naya is really cute and in a convenient location. The atmosphere is welcoming but not overdone, and I enjoy the ambiance. You can't really see in from the outside because the glass is dark, but once you step inside it has a nice vibe. And the food is really good! I love the sleek plate, I don't know how they do it but it's so flavorful and has the best texture! I really appreciate the unique flavors that Naya brings to the squirrel hill neighborhood!
4	Best baba ganoujh we've ever had - creamy and smoky with oil. Sleek is usually fantastic - especially cold - with a hint of being lightly crispy breaded in cracked wheat served with lovely almonds and rice.  Great mojadra, and great Syrian spicy fish. The mint in the salad dressing and the feta, olives, etc. are also lovely. Good service, space, and location and always a table available. I order the baba and sleek regularly, and there's a little variability -- I'd say 3/4 times it's quite special and the other 1/4 times it's good but more comparable to other middle eastern places around. Good for take out too. I love Naya and hope it stays in Squirrel Hill for a long time.
1	My (now ex-) boyfriend and I went to Naya back in Feb.  I suggested it, and between the positive reviews on Yelp and the fact that he'd been there and recommended it, I was excited to try a more upscale alternative to Aladdin's and Ali Baba.I ordered the molukhia (a dish containing shredded chicken and leafy vegetables), which the waitress recommended as one of her favorite dishes.  When it came out, I saw something that looked suspiciously like a hair in it, and by George, it turned out to be...exactly that.  The waitress saw me pulling it out of the dish, and came over to ask if everything was okay.  I showed her it, and she asked me if I'd like a replacement of my dish.  Wishing to be gracious, I declined.After a few minutes, the owner came over to ask how things were.  Without my saying anything, she said the waitress had told her I'd found a hair in my food, and apologized.  She then proceeded to explain that this was a problem with the meat provided by her supplier, rather than on the restaurant's end, and offered to comp me with the baklava.While I felt that the waitress handled the situation appropriately, the owner's (non-) apology and so-called remediation was anything but.  If what she said is true, then (1) this means other customers have had the similar unpleasant experience of having food containing hair served to them and (2) why doesn't she change her supplier?  Regarding my experience, given that I refused a replacement dish, I feel that the proper recourse would have been to comp the dish for me.  Comping me with a $2 dessert was, quite frankly, insulting.I won't be returning.
5	Flavors were outstanding,  and interesting.  We eat Middle Eastern cuisine often and like to try new types.  Natalie impressed us and our kids were fans too (ages 8 and 5). Our daughter loved the lentil soup so much she asked her brother if she could finish his.  He loved the lamb and we all loved the falafel,  which was extremely light and flavorful. The Fatoush salad was full of fresh herbs.
4	We stopped in after seeing a movie because we just wanted to try something new. The falafel was excellent as well as the hummus. The place was rather empty but at least the food was good. I give it a 4 out of 5 because I wouldn't pay for one of their 20 dollar dishes but I was fine paying 8 for a really good falafel pita. I would definitely go back.
4	Very nice restaurant--there are many middle eastern places around, but Naya does something different and pulls it off nicely. The Naya shrimp, seasoned with lemon and pistachios, was quite good. Nice for a moderately fancy dinner.
5	The Lamb Tamer was outstanding,  as well as the Lamb Kabob,  meat grape leaves and tabuli.  Everything  arrived  perfectly done and delicious.  The wait staff couldn't have been better. Can't wait to come back. NAYA Is very gluten free friendly.
5	Exquisite cuisine and an added unique slant on popular middle eastern dishes. For starters we sampled the Mezza platter, and for my entree was the Lamb Chops Tamer was the perfect compliment to our pinot noir we brought in. For dessert we were served baklava with delicious vanilla ice cream. Bring your friends and family or impress your date in the ambient atmosphere Naya has to offer.
2	Food was decent. Service was terrible. Took nearly 10 mins for them to bring out our drinks. 25 mins for our appetizer to come. 45 mins for our salads. We had to ask for utensils and napkins. Our main course didn't come our for over an hour and they got my order wrong. They never refilled our water...we always had to ask them to. They didn't even begin to apologize until we expressed that we were displeased with the service. A nice lady from the kitchen did come out to apologize and gave us free dessert. However, free dessert does not excuse awful service. Will not be returning.
5	Best middle eastern food in Pittsburgh. It is all home cooked. The sleek, spicy fish and grape leaves are the wonderful. Service is very friendly.
3	The lamb chops and caramelized onion mashed potatoes were terrific and I was pleasantly surprised that a salad was included with the entree. The seasonal vegetable side was green beans cooked like they had been in a can - cut small, flaccid, and anemic and not slightly crunchy and bold green as they really should have been. I wish they served wine because the mint tea was just that - I was hoping for mint tea a la Algerie - sugar, lemon, fresh mint leaves and served in a pot.
4	Ordered take out when entertaining a guest with gluten sensitivity, and was not disappointed!  The Syrian Spicy Fish was tilapia expertly prepared and so flavorful.  It had a nice bit of heat and sweetness topped with walnuts and served with sweet almond rice.  My husband is not to keen on sweet and savory, but he loved the lamb shank with a delicate balance of sweetness infused.  The tandoori chicken was also nothing to scoff at.  And the hummus was delightful.We can't wait to eat this again, and our next visit will be eat in.  The small dining room is warm and modern, a great place for a quiet date or catching up with an old friend.
3	I've eaten at Naya twice with a couple large groups of friends and enjoyed (most of) my experience both times. The actual restaurant has always been relatively quiet - so it's the perfect place to meet and talk with people - and I like the decor and set-up of the place. It's small but comfortable, decently lit and well arranged. I definitely like the food here, too - I've had their shawarma, which is fantastic, and their falafel sandwich. This was tasty enough but I did think there was too much falafel and not enough dressing, lettuce and other items to balance out the falafel. I just like an equal balance of toppings in my sandwiches. The french fries they serve are fine as well - there's no special seasoning or anything on them but they're tasty enough.Where my friends and I tend to run into problems is with the service. The first time we visited, the server rarely checked on our table and so we often sat without water for long periods of time. Our food did not all come out at once and a lot of people waited five to ten extra minutes for things to be wrapped up in the kitchen. Fortunately during our last visit we didn't have this problem at all, although now that they've adjusted prices on the menu some people had some problems getting the right receipt for their orders. (I personally can't comment on this last bit but someone mentioned that bathrooms smelled horrible during one of our meals here. I'm kind of afraid to use the restroom here now.)With all of this in mind I think this place is a solid "a-ok" - there's lots of good things here to appreciate even if there's been a couple hiccups during my last few visits here. I'll definitely keep them in mind for group outings since they provide a great atmosphere and a quiet meeting place - quite the rarity among restaurants these days!
5	The quality and taste of their homemade food is very good. Service is okay. Again, meat kabob and chops are out of this world. My Sirian friend gave their lamb 8 out of 10.
5	Both spacious and cozy, the food here is delicious and clearly made with great care. I had chicken shawarma, lamb kebabs, and Halawa bi joben,  which is a Syrian style of cheesecake. I would gladly order it all again, but then I'd be denying myself the opportunity to explore all the other delicious items on the menu.We shared baba ghanouj and my friend had the familia, a wonderful green bean dish.This place is great if you're a meat eater, a pescetarian, or a vegetarian. For us I'm divorced, it was a little like Heaven.Go hungry. Gets lots of stuff. Share.
5	Perfect place in the east village for brunch. Highly recommended the courtyard !!! The brunch for $ 11 !!! Return
4	Never judge a book by it s cover... Simple decor but food full of flavour.  What a gem.  This was our first time here.  I order the lamb kabob dinner.  The rice with almonds on top was delicious; the lamb skewers, really good.  My dinner date had a meat dish in a yogurt and onion sauce.  Almost like a beef stew but a white stew (yogurt sauce)... I have to recommend this dish to anyone who goes to Naya s... The sauce was divine!  It s a byob place, so bring your favourite bottle of wine and get ready to taste the flavours.of.the middle east.  Oh and the owner was the sweetest.  She approached every table.to.ask how their dinner was.  I ll be back!
5	I came here some time ago but recall the food and experience were excellent. The Danwood Basha was delicious as was the Tabouli Salad. The House Lentil Soup was also very good. For dessert I had the Namoura, which was excellent and not overly sweet as I had initially feared. Service was excellent as our server was very friendly and accommodating. This was overall a very nice experience and most certainly one I'd like to have again soon.
