5	Had brunch here with a friend Sunday morning. The staff was friendly and my meal (baked eggs with veal meat balls, tomato sauce and cheddar cheese) was outstanding. Will definitely return in the near future for dinner.
5	Things you say when you taste your food at EVOO: "Oooooh my goood!"Amazing everything, the super courteous waiting staff will explain the complex menu in great details.We had the home made beignets for dessert (that's right, couldn't resist a "breakfast dessert") which we devoured before I had a chance to photograph. Sigh...Way to go chefs!! I'm single, feel free to call me.
3	Food: Was good. I've watched every single episode of Top Chef and I'm assured the chef at EVOO did too as the menu consisted of dishes made on the show. Pretty much. Ambiance: Clean, minimalist and cold. It had a cafeteria feel. Dimmed lights and candles are majorly needed here. Hint!! I had a great time with my girlfriends despite being the only ones there on a Thursday night. Would I go back? Probably not.
3	Servers are friendly and attentive. Food was good-very good......the heirloom toamato salad starter was excellent as was the pasta&squid starter, stuffed quail main course was very good, veal dish not so much.....Banoffi pie dessert was very very good.Decor is minimalist and boring,seats are comfy, tables look like cheap cafeteria tables. My biggest complaint was the amount of tie this meal took.....I'm sure they are intentionally dragging the service out to keep the place looking busy....and as good as the food was...it wasn't good enough for a two and a half hour meal. Probably wont be back.....
3	Location: On Notre-Dame east of Atwater. It's about a 10-minute walk from Lionel-Groulx metro. Service: Excellent - the wait staff was super friendly! Our waitress took the time to explain every single dish, including how each drink was made. Our water glasses were always full, and she came by frequently to see how we were doing. This was my first time at EVOO and I was really impressed with the stellar service. Vibe/Decor: Judging by their music, I could swear they raided my personal collection - so... great music with a pretty chill vibe. Personally, I found the decor to be a little outdated and lacking in energy. It was pretty dim but I think they're currently going with lavender walls with some purple striping here and there. Food: Pics are forthcoming, along with the full menu. We started with a delightfully warm dinner roll that was made with tomatoes and... onions? I don't remember but the bread was freshly made and delicious, served with olive oil. Our waitress then unexpectedly brought over an amuse-bouche - a sliver of beet with some other stuff on top. I love beets so this was a hit for me. Before I continue, I should mention that there seems to be a LOT involved with their ingredients (i.e. there are a LOT of them), making it hard to keep up with every little detail. Drinks: Tanqueray, raspberry, basil, lemon and sparkling water. AMAZING!Starter: Homemade Ricotta with anchovy sauce and croutons. While I liked the texture and consistency of the ricotta (it was obvious that it was fresh, too), it left me feeling underwhelmed from a flavor perspective. There just wasn't enough of it. In-between the starter and main, our waitress brought over sorbet to cleanse our palate. The flavor was super unique and interesting - Quebec tomatoes. I really enjoyed this - it felt fresh and you could really taste the tomato.  Main: Cabbage rolls stuffed with rabbit and served in a lemongrass broth, with carrots, potatoes and radish as sides. Again, it was obvious to me that each dish was freshly prepared. But, like the ricotta, the flavor of this dish was lacking, overall. The rabbit had a pleasant and distinct taste that I enjoyed but I couldn't really taste the lemongrass in the broth. The veggies were delicious but undercooked. The dish was served with two cabbage rolls and they were huge. I think one would have been enough for me - so no complaints about portion sizes! I think I would have preferred it if the rolls weren't so packed with rabbit - it sort of felt like I was eating big fat sausages and I think that 'looser' meat would've felt less filling. I liked this dish, but it was in need of seasoning.  My friend ordered the Francobolli - ravioli stuffed witih ricotta and topped with a roasted sesame crust. I had a taste and again, zero flavor. Dessert: I don't know that I would call this dessert - basically, I had a piece of goat cheese (cheddar) with some jam, caramelized pecans and lavosh (like a flat bread). The menu indicated that the jam was strawberry but that wasn't the case, as when the dish was served to me, the waitress said it was wild cherries (cerises de terre). I loved the lavosh, but when I think dessert, I think something decadent and sweet. The other option was bananas with caramel and creme fraiche, but that whole combo just doesn't work for me and that's why I opted for the cheese. Verdict: I had really  high hopes for this place, but left feeling underwhelmed. While I did enjoy the meal, and appreciated the great service, I'm not sure if I would go back or not.  You should check it out for yourself and see what you think - it does have good potential.
1	Just disappointing. Maybe my expectations were unjustifiably high, but this place definitely takes itself very seriously, so why shouldn't I?The decore is nice but a bit formal for my personal liking. If they were able to back it up with food to match, I wouldn't care, but they didn't.All the serving sizes were small, and none of the dishes cheap. I got the their 'big' breakfast, and it came with ONE egg. I didn't even know people did breakfasts (let along 'big' ones) with one egg - what's the point? It had a 'hint' of bacon, a sausage that was nothing if not forgettable, and two small pieces of toast. There was some other stuff, but I can't recall what it was - it was that kidn of meal.The food was 'meh', and the prices were 'ooof'. No-one got sick, but I've got to give this place one star.
5	Fantastic food, fantastic service.
5	Classy place with a great brunch menu and a friendly staff. I had the full Irish breakfast and a friend of mine had the BLT. Both were great with lots of homemade ingredients. Despite being stuffed we had beignets for dessert with bacon ice cream which was again delicious. Very interesting place and reasonably priced for such a great experience.
