2	I've eaten at Dragon-I a few times and I have mixed reactions.  The food has generally been pretty good.  We've gotten two dishes-- beef pho and a rice stick noodle saute dish-- that have both been consistently excellent.  A glass noodle dish was not good at all and a lemongrass chicken wing appetizer was just ok.  It's a bit annoying that they're still not serving all the dishes on the menu, including several dishes that are prominently featured in pictures in their menu and on the signs that they put up before opening.  The steamed seafood egg cup and stuffed angel wings are the most blatant offenders here, but they're also not serving any of their curry dishes or sandwiches.The real problem, however, is the service.  The people who work at Dragon-I are, without exception, extremely nice, friendly, and seemingly hard-working.  However, it seems like most if not all of them have never worked in a restaurant before.  They really don't know what they're doing, and it shows.  They don't know the menu, don't know how to greet and seat customers, and don't know how to insure that orders are accurate and complete.I have no doubt that the people they have working there could do a really good job, but they really need to look at their management.  There's a certain level of disorganization right now, as evidenced by the page of the menu that has (in very large font) what is clearly a series of abbreviations indicating edits that should have been made to that page.  That means that someone forgot to look at the proofs.If they improve service, this will be a solid four-stars.Edit:It's been a few weeks since my review, and I'm downgrading this place to two stars.  The food is still fine, but the service is simply unacceptable.  When you make a mistake, the first thing that you should do is apologize.  That hasn't happened twice now, and it's incredibly annoying.  There are seven reviews for this restaurant and if I'm not mistaken every single one mentions some kind of service-related issues.  To the owners of Dragon-I: If you're reading these reviews (and I wouldn't be surprised if you aren't), what you need to do is hire a competent manager ASAP.  Train your staff. Institute some actual procedures.  Make at least some attempt to actually get dishes out to a table at the same time.  I will gladly raise my review if you can raise your standards to those of any semi-competent restaurant.(One more thing: they just ordered a bunch of drink menus that say "Dragon One."  Jesus Christ, guys, learn to actually look at the proofs when you order something.)Edit 2: Service has been better the last few times I've gone in.  I'll bump it back up a star.Edit 3: Virtually every time I go to Dragon-I there is something wrong with my order.  This is incredibly frustrating, since the food is pretty good.  Back down to two stars.
3	The set-up of the restaurant is not so great.  The front door doesn't have a second door so anyone sitting near the door was freezing.  I had asked the waitress to move me to a table further away from the door since it was so cold and the place was relatively empty.  She sat me down and said, "Oh, sorry for the weather."  Um...k?  I had the pho last night.  It's actually pretty decent tasting, almost on par with the popular Saigon Noodles on the westside. However, the pho came in this ridiculous bowl that would make it difficult for anyone who really loves to eat the noodles with the broth, to eat both together.  My dining companion's dish also came in a ridiculous bowl that didn't really work for her vermicelli noodles.  The waitress wasn't that great; she forgot to bring me an actual spoon to use and left me with a ladle.  She also forgot to bring out the condiments (bean sprouts, basil, lime, jalepenos).  When I asked for it, she gave me a weird look and said, "Oh yea... I'll go get that for you."  All in all, the pho was decent and I'd probably come back for it.  The service wasn't great and the food is overpriced, but I guess it has to be that way since it pays high rent on State Street.  I'd still be more likely to go to Saigon Noodles for pho and spring rolls over this place though.
1	NOT FOR VEGETARIANS, I can say that for sure. We went in and were greeted by polite but somewhat immature waitstaff saying that we were the coolest couple that had came in there loud enough so everyone could here. Then we asked our waitress which Vegetarian entree she would recommend since they did actually have a vegetarian section. She mentioned she was a vegetarian when she started but then really struggled to actually recommend anything. This should have been a sign but I Though maybe she just had communication problems and gave it the benefit of the doubt. We ordered two dishes one was a cilantro Chilli entre and one was a mixed veggie and both were flavorless and terrible mostly consisting of Bok Choi which was under cooked and unchewable. One of the entres went back immediately because it was cold. Pretty disapointing considering we dont get out much and this was supposed to be a treat for us. The ambiance was terrible! Apparently they have Karaoke rooms upstairs that you can rent for $32 an hour (WHAT?!) in traditional Korean style. The sounds of flat off key singers coming accross terrible sound systems boomed through the building. Not only that but there was a table where all the restaurants office supplies were sitting out, like tape scissors, stapler and such. This was the right in the center front of the restaurant where your eye normally is focused on. I dont want to see your messy desk area, its unprofessional! The table we were sitting at had a split in it which came apart as we were leaving dumping my water all over me.I cant say that the meat entres arent good because I didnt try them but the ambiance issues and annoying staff are reason enough not to waste your money expecially considering there are so many great restaurants in Madison.
2	I ate here with my sister during the huge snow storm and I do so appreciate that they were open because we were hungry! I used to eat here when it was Chins and I was surprised at how different the space looked! Our server was very nice and really helpful.  We ordered eggrolls and dumplings, both of which were really tasty. I ordered a rice bowl with beef and my sister got a curry dish.  First of all the entrees came out about 5 minutes after the appetizers which made it hard to shuffle around the food and left both of our entrees lukewarm by the time we got to them.  I thought my dish was good but just good.  Heavy on the heavy sauce which left that as the only flavor left.  My sisters veggie curry was so hot she couldn't eat it.  She's not incredibly adventurous when it comes to heat but enough to be able to enjoy a standard curry.  The waiter happily brought her something else (a veggie stir fry) which she liked better and appreciated very much.  Overall, the place was fine.. it filled the need for the day but there are about 20 better Asian influence places to eat that are in that area
5	Amazing design and food, the best handmade fried dumpling they have! I like the chicken rice. They have their secret menu, omg! The owner gave me and my friends best discount for KTV after we have food there. What can I sat~ even after 9:00pm they still cook the food for us. Thank you Dragon I. We have a best party in the town because of u!
4	come with college old friends' family for second time. we watch super bowl on second floors. as we ask the manager, they offer a karaoke room for us to watch the game. and have drink there. it was so nice for me and my friends' family. it was really enjoyable.
4	The pho hit me at the right spot after an insane hangover. Also they definitely challenged me with the size of that bubble tea. One problem though, what is up with that tapioca? Either they are not boiling it right or just getting the wrong brand. But with everything else, I am quite satisfied.
4	came back to  this place last week again. the pai thai (hopeful spelling correct). i ask them to to put more egg and beef also veggie. its a lot for one person to finish. but the price was really nice. i like their ginger tea. it make you warm in this winter.
2	I had the sliced beef pho and it was alright, except it was $7.95 for such a small bowl. It makes it seem as if the bowl is bigger, but really it's cylindrical from the bottom and has a wider top. Maybe I would have gotten a better price had I gone to a legit pho restaurant, I'm not sure because I'm not from Madison. There was more broth than noodles and there may have been like three slices of beef in the size of elephant ears. Our first server who greeted my friends and I was generally nice, but her coworkers...not so much. Perhaps they were new, I wouldn't know. We had to ask for two waters at least three times from three different people. I honestly could have gotten up, grabbed the cups from the shelf, and poured my cup of water that was in the pitcher next to our table, in less than a minute rather than what? Almost five minutes, maybe longer?Plus, the staff are pretty rude to their chef too. He rings the little bell to let them know that food is ready to give to customers and this one girl snaps back at him, "CAN YOU HOLD ON FOR A MINUTE?" Like really? We're right next to you. Take it down a notch and he's just doing his job. If the food is cold, it's on you. It's also confusing when they refer to the number of the food rather than the name. Here's an example of my friend's order: "Who ordered an NS-09?" The heck is that?! It was a type of vermicelli Vietnamese soup. Are we supposed to remember the numbers? C'mon now.Not the greatest place and my complain is mostly about the staff. The pho again was okay. It just seems like another restaurant more tailored to American tastes and likings rather than ours. Just saying.Again, hope this helps :).
2	My experience at Dragon I was a bit confused.  The dining room and menus are beautiful and that, combined with the pricing (most dishes around $8-10 and up - pretty standard for decent Asian food in Madison, I think) left me expecting food that was better quality than takeout, but not exactly fine dining.  I ordered the Korean Beef Kimchi Fried Rice and I was served within 5 minutes of placing my order, which means it had been made before and just reheated.  Portions are also huge.  It was pretty greasy and, although I wasn't expecting authentic Korean food, there was nothing kimchi about it.  Furthermore, when I hear "Korean beef" I expect some pretty good quality beef, but the beef was a really poor, flavorless cut and I ended up just picking it out and eating the rice (and occasional radish).  Not exactly worth the $11 I paid for it.As for the service... I don't think the servers are necessarily rude, they just haven't been trained at all and have obviously never worked in a restaurant.  My server wasn't rude, but the whole experience was really awkward.All in all I would say that Dragon I is a beautiful dining room with high prices for takeout quality food and I probably wouldn't go back.  There's much better Asian food to be had in Madison in this price range - and there's cheaper takeout, too.
2	I've ordered twice from this restaurant: once in person and once for delivery. I went there with a group of friends for a birthday and was disappointed with their service. The waiter was somewhat helpful in recommending us popular dishes but it seemed like he didn't really know what he was talking about. The amount of food you get for the price you pay, I'd say isn't worth it. My friend got the beef pho and he said it was really plain and definitely not worth the price and wait. The bowls used for the noodle dishes are unusual and very quite small compared to other places I've been to. I ordered delivery and I was told it would be an hour to an hour and a half wait, which made me rethink ordering online, but I was surprised when my order came within 30 minutes. I think that was the only plus because when I opened up my bag, the drink I had ordered had spilled in the bag. As well, the Pad Thai I ordered was very bland and didn't have much flavor. I also ordered the 6 pc potstickers and they were very greasy. Overall, I don't think I will be ordering from Dragon I again. There are other places in Madison where you can get the same dish for a better price and quality.
1	Horrible restaurant. I had good customer service here, but apparently the chef and the owner of this restaurant are horrible, dishonest people. We ordered chicken curry Katsu don and it came with a small curry bowl only. We requested for more curry, in this case it will means just another one of that tiny amount of curry. The cook rejected and asked us to pay more for the extra. This was ridiculous, we ordered the same thing for take out previously and the curry was more than enough!Apart from that a friend left her belonging in the karaoke room the other day and when we went back to retrieve it the next day, the owner did kept that bag for us but some stuffs inside the bag were lost! Ridiculously enough, that was just some big packs of asian coffee packets, left in a karaoke room with no customer afterwards. We left before the closing hour and the owner admitted he kept it right after we left but denied seeing any of the food. In the land of America where only asians drink and know about such 3 in 1 coffee, who else know about their values? Horrendous experience dealing with these arrogant liars!!I rated a one star here because of  nice people you hired and not for you stupid boss. You people open an Asian restaurant here in the United States you should learn to operate with the American courtesy!
4	I came here on a rainy Saturday.   On a day like that the only thing that seemed right to order was the pho.  I haven't had pho since moving here and to be honest I was a bit apprehensive about it because pho has to made just right to be good.  Well this place had it right.  The pho as phenomenal!!  It was perfectly seasoned and the noodles were great.  The meat was tender and delicious.The man ordered the pad Thai which he loved.  He did remark however that though he ordered the highest spice level he could barely tell there was any spice in it at all.  With that said however we both enjoyed this place.  We enjoyed it so much that I would even venture back despite the fact that I generally don't court restaurants on State Street. I also ordered the strawberry and kiwi boba which I didn't particularly care for.  I am used to boba being served almost like a shaved ice treat but this was more like a smoothie with boba in it, a big no-no!! All in all I loved this place and I will definitely be back!
2	There are so manny good asian restaurants in Madison - why would anyone chose this place? Even Nam's Noodle, the other restaurant by these owners, is ten times better.We went on a weeknight. There were many tables available, and we were seated quickly. However, the two dishes my boyfriend and I ordered (Salt & Pepper Shrimp, and a Bahn Mi) were both unavailable. The waitress let us know, unapologetically "Oh, yeah, i should have let you know the vietnamese sandwiches aren't available. They've never been available." Really? Then update your menu. The least you could do is cross out that page.The food we did get was ok - not horrible, but I don't see why anyone would pick this place over the other asian places. I was excited to try a karaoke place right on state street; I will not be going based on our first experience.
4	I am a regular to this restaurant. I'm going here at least once or twice a week. They have huge selections just like other Chinese restaurant. Foods are generally good and kind of fusion, i guess. I have been in Korea, Japan, Vietnam, and China before coming to Madison, so I'm a big fan of Asian foods.Based on my experience, some dishes are really good. my suggestions are... - Korean bbq short-ribs, also known for Korean LA Galbi, if you like korean bbq especially.- Curry Katsu Don, which is pork wrapped with fried flour like tempura and japanese curry sauce as side.- Korean kimchi fried rice (??).. The name might be wrong since I don't remeber exactly.. It was fried rice with Korean Kimchi and red pepper sauce. It was actually kind of sweet rather than spicy. So, i guess it was fusion.However, i didn't like some dishes..- Korean spicy noodle soup.. It was not even close to Korean dish (i have some expectation when it comes to Korean dish since i tried a lot before) The taste was really weired. It was more like chinese spicy soup mexed with red pepper sauce... which is very unappetizing. My friend didn't even touch it after tasting.- Pho. it was ok, but nothing special there. I suggest you to order something else since u can get pho in other places.
3	The have a good karaoke place!As for the food, I tried their beef plate and it was good. I don't really like their pho. My dining companion is crazy about their bubble tea.
4	I was skeptical to eat here since most of the reviews have at least one negative comment in them, but very glad I decided to!  Our service was great, two different gentlemen waited on us and both were polite and attentive.  I had the egg rolls appetizer and Basil Chicken and my companion had the fried dumplings and Red Curry with Squid.  All of our food was hot and tasty.  I loved the basil chicken, it had lots and lots of flavor and a little spice.  Serving size was generous and I brought enough home for lunch today. The egg rolls were crispy and piping hot when they arrived.  I tasted my dining partners curry and it had great heat and the flavor was yummy.  The place is clean and I really don't have a bad thing to say except there are so many items on the menu it is hard to choose just one item!  I will definitely go back to try a few more things.  If you were disappointed with your first visit, maybe give them another try?
2	I have eaten there 5 times, this time the service was just not that good. Food is good, but the server made me feel invisible.  5 stars for the food, 2 star for the service
1	When they first opened they were pretty good, and I used to order from them all the time.  They then switched chefs and now they are terrible.When I ordered over GrubHub, they did not read the instructions, and I ended up throwing up all night.  I ordered a green tea latte with soy milk, and specified in capital letters that I, like 80% of Asians, am allergic to milk.  When I called they said that they did indeed use milk and did not charge me for the green tea latte. But, I never ordered from them again.Also, their Korean food has really gone downhill.  They are too lazy to use Korean sesame oil, and make all their non-Chinese food taste Chinese.  I think they should try a lot harder to pay attention to detail and try to make a dish taste at least remotely like it's supposed to.
1	Awful. Don't go. Horrible service. The chicken is sinewy or rubbery depending on the dish. Sometimes it's invisible. Worst Asian food I've ever had.
4	I really should have updated this review a long time ago.  When Dragon I first opened the food was consistently good but the service was indescribably awful.  Actually, it was pretty hilarious.   I once waited for 45 minutes because, unbeknownst to me, they were waiting for a frozen block of seaweed salad to (partially) thaw.  In any case, that's all in the past.  The original clowns who were worked here are all gone and now it's really quite well-run.  And the food is generally--though not always-- pretty decent.  Definitely a good choice for a big bowl of pho.
1	On a whim, my coworker suggested we pick this up for lunch. I had already had a mediocre experience with this place and was a little hesitant, but my coworker was persistent. For $10.50 I was extremely hoping for something with a little more substance to it. That was before I tried it. After the first bite I was hoping for anything else at all. The two separate times I've purchased from Dragon I it was for chicken. Perhaps their beef plates provide less to be desired, however I should think not.
2	The food here is mediocre and at times the service is horrible. Multiples times when I've done pick up I've had to go back to the restaurant because they messed up my order. Last time I ordered there was soap in my drink (an expensive drink). The only thing good about them is that they're not super expensive and they bring the food out pretty fast. Some of the people who work there are terrible servers though.
1	I ate lunch here yesterday--or stated to--and realized pretty quickly that the pork chunks in my dish were raw in the middle. I alerted my waiter, who argued with me that the pork could not possibly be raw due to the fact that it was deep fried. Did not finish, not going back. Trichinosis? I'll letcha know.
2	Not sure how I feel about it contrary to the comments I made with the pictures I took. I ordered the Vietnamese spring roll. I really like them! They were fresh and I believe made to order. The dipping sauce had the right amount of spice and flavor.Now, on to my actually meal. I ordered fried fried with sesame chicken. For starters, my boyfriends soup came out a good 3 minutes before my food did but that was fine. No biggie. His soup was pretty good. My food on the other hand wasn't. My chicken was overcooked and very hard. I couldn't even finish half of the chicken. My rice was the same. Tasted old and was barely warm. Basically it was just white rice with soy sauce. No vegetables or flavor at all. Not only that, but no server came and asked us for drinks. Just gave us water which again wasn't a problem, however, if I a paying $30 for a meal for 2, I expect better food and service. I was sympathetic because it was only 2 servers and 1 person working the bar and it did get pretty busy but there wasn't much that I felt made me dining there a great experience.
4	I'm a bit of a fan more than I was. First impressions of the place from 2013 were a bit lower but upon having it delivered tonight, I'd bump it from 2 stars to 4 stars. For vegetarian fare, I really can say the General Tso's Bean Curd(Tofu) was excellent. It also is one of the few places that have good vegetarian spring rolls. Bubble tea is always a plus too and I liked the different kinds I've had here. Only thing I find disappointing is it seems the orders are not completed properly. Like tonight we received rice instead of Vermicelli...nothing critical but to the wrong person on the wrong night, it'd probably knock it down to 2 stars. One thing also about the menu is the "fresh soy milk" for $1.50. I ordered it intrigued liking american style soymilk and also chinese imports like canned Yeo's or the black soy milk...to my surprise, it was just a can of Yeo's. "Fresh"...seems strange to describe this. It's a can from China...fresh kinda implies it restaurant made(soymilk/tofu isn't difficult to make believe it or not from raw soybeans)...Was disappointed but didn't ruin my meal or something.
2	It was an okay place to eat at. The restaurant was kind of small to me. Also, my friend got their food before me, so I had to wait and watch them eat before I got my food.
4	Although the service wasn't all that, but I think that's just part of our culture. We can either be REALLY FRIENDLY AND POLITE, or just unintentionally rude. They gave me a great suggestion which is their best selling fried rice the Korean Beef fried rice. On point!!
2	I wished I had better things to say. I was so excited when Dragon I opened on State St, having a range of fusion food and serving bubble teas too! Unable to contain my excitement I organized a mini dinner session with 2 other friends. The first signs that something was weird was that our waitress did not take down any of our orders; she merely 'remembered' them. We decided to start with the korean spicy rice cakes. But we waited forever and our appetizer did not come. One by one the main course was served, and by the time we were all done, there was still no sign of our appetizer! I wish I could say that the appetizer was the only eventful thing that happened. But one of my friends ordered the korean spicy tofu soup (she's vegetarian). What they served her was korean spicy soup with beef. And so she spent half the time picking out the pieces of beef from the soup. Another of my friend had the Vietnamese stir-fry noodles, which took more than 25 min and we had to remind the waitress, otherwise we would go hungry. They did give us a complimentary fried rice, which we did not order. My guess is that the waitress probably 'thought' we ordered it, so the kitchen made it and decided to give it to us for free. By that point we were too fed up to even ask about our missing appetizer. Ever since that experience I haven't gone back for another shot. After sufficient time has passed for the memory to fade I might go return to give them a second chance. But right now I can't bring myself to say positive stuff about this place.
1	Awful. Bathroom smelled terrible, no soap or towels, and when I alerted our server to this he told me to use the one upstairs. Never mind that I just watched one of the cooks leave the same bathroom where he couldn't possibly have washed his hands. The service was lazy and the tofu and vegetables that we ordered were soaked in oil and flavorless. The rice tasted like it was cooked in weird butter. There are so many better Asian places on state street, this place was worse than the Chin's it replaced.
3	Cool atmosphere, quick friendly service, sup par pad thai. Good meat, overcooked noodles, no heat.
1	We came here to eat because we had to drop off a friend back to school. The place looked nice inside. The decor was nice n appealing. The seating was a bit weird and confusing. We ordered Viet pho to eat. They all came out at different times. One took way long then the other. So while waiting our food got cold while 20 mins later out last meal came out. We were disappointed with our orders and asked what was going on. We talked to a couple waiters and the problem was not solved. Finally we got the manager. She was very nice. The waiter over heard our complaint again n with our own chopsticks he poked around our soup. At this point I was done and did t want anything to do with this place ever again. I ate two bites before our complaint n the food was just OK. Never again will I go here or recommend this place to anyone. Horrible service and horrible workers.
3	Went here with some friends to rent a karaoke room. The waitress showed us to our room and set it up but did not give us any menus for food until we asked. When we ordered we had to go downstairs and stand awkwardly by the bar for them to finish our drinks and then pay them directly. This wasn't a big issue but it felt unprofessional honestly. The waitresses were friendly enough but not very accommodating I honestly felt like we were unwanted there and the staff seem a bit careless. I didn't have food but the smoothie I got was alright though they ran out of tapioca bubbles.
1	Dragon-I is pretty much all-around bad. Went in for dinner last night with a group of 6 people. Right away you notice that the setup is awful and cramped with no clear walking lanes. The service wasn't much better. Our waitress didn't know the menu, consistently forgot things, and would leave us completely unattended for 30 minute stretches. The food was just ok. The egg rolls were decent but the pho was completely devoid of flavor. Nobody at my table especially enjoyed their food and the word "bland" was thrown around quite a bit, which is shocking when you consider we were eating sweet and sour chicken and pad thai.I would avoid this place until they get their act together.
1	This place is a total joke.  I can't believe they've lasted as long as they have.  Service is terrible and the food appears and tastes like it's been sitting around.  It's greasy, oily, and bland.  I tried to be fair by giving it a second chance after a disastrous first attempt and it was even worse the second time around.  When are places like Dragon I and Fugu going to realize that just because you have dishes from China and Vietnam and Korea that it's fusion.  Fusion is when you prepare ingredients from one place with techniques from another.  They should take down the fusion part of their sign and just say "we have a bunch or crappy food from all over Asia".  I don't think anyone that gave this 5 or even 4 stars has any kind of discerning palate.  Sorry.  I just don't think it's possible.
4	This is a great place even you just go by yourself. I love the jade mountain bubble tea and pineapple chicken &shrimp rice.
