3	The name implies that this is a Japanese restaurant as does the fact that they serve sushi and sashimi.  However other than the sushi/sashimi the menu focuses on Americanized Chinese standards.Personally I'm not a fan of typical Chinese food, so I stuck with the sushi.  I had a two color roll, it was pretty standard, yet still flavorful.  I also had the eel, which I really couldnt not tell you what kind as I let the waiter surprise me.  I was a cube of rice topped with a piece of cooked eel that had been braised in a very tasty sauce.  I actually really liked the eel and wished I would have ordered more and not had the roll.Osaka is tucked into a weird interior corridor of a strip mall, so it can be hard to find if you aren't looking.
4	Good Chinese food (if you're looking for American Chinese, not authentic). The portions you get are really great, but the price can get a little steep. As for the sushi, the flavor and sizes are average. I've had a lot worse, but also a lot better, although it is nice though to have a sushi place that delivers close by. I would recommend ordering for delivery instead of eating in the restaurant. You won't miss much.
3	Met a friend for a quick meal and he selected O, since this is his go to chinese place.  Not easy to spot in Scott Towne Center shops, but a real nice restaurant with white table cloths.  Nice touch!  Service was very good, friendly and on top of everything.Not real imaginative in my selection, just wanted shrimp fried rice.  It was very good, better than a neighboring chinese place!  Will have to remember this place since it is so convenient.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants out of many. Although difficult to find, it is much better than surrounding Chinese restaurants. We are good friends with the very friendly owner and staff, and have never had a bad meal there. It is busy and has changed a lot over time. This is a must-try. Also cater very well, annual New-Year's party and others.
5	My family and I are food people. That said,  Osaka is our destination for great Chinese food. After catering an event we hosted and knowing the owner for years, we've grown quite close to this restaurant since it first opened. Onto a review. Decor is pretty simple, very   Nice and clean, but not too formal. Kids are welcome, the servers are nice. The food is delicious, and I always come here as it is a quick local stop. When I don't want to go out, takeout works perfectly. This is my favorite restaurant in my area. Onto dishes I recommend. The orange beef or chicken is great. If you don't like your chicken fried or would like to eat a bit healthier, they are fine with a different way to cook it if you ask. Also, the sesame beef and fried rice are great. We always order the string beans too. Every appetizer I've had was great, and I only recall one not-so-great meal there a few years ago with the beef with broccoli because the sauce was bland. The owner will also often come out and talk to the diners, when he's there. Not always though, because he may cook at times or the restaurant is packed (it's busy when we go.)Go. It is a great experience, much better than what the other people say. Try it!
5	I've eaten here multiple times and the food is absolutely delicious. Definitely stop here if you love Japanese/Chinese cuisine.
4	Isn't it interesting how a predominately Chinese restaurant has a Japanese name?  Last I looked, Osaka is in Japan, not China!  The reason is probably because they serve sushi and sashimi here.  Otherwise this place seems like it's pretty much your typical Americanized Chinese food restaurant with your typical lunch menu.  There's a difference though.  The food here is really really good!  In fact they charge a couple of bucks more than most places for their lunch menu but it's worth it.  I went for my usual Chicken & Broccoli, however the chicken was very tender and juicy and the broccoli was crisp and fresh.  The spring roll was very light and melted in my mouth.  Someone else said this place is possibly second only to Chinatown Inn for this type of chow.  Hmmm--I'd say first Chinatown Inn, then Sesame Inn & Osaka in a tie for second.
5	I eat here a lot. The staff and management is very friendly and they make things special for me. If you are on a low fat diet they will actually accommodate you. They are always very nice to my daughter when we come in and they will give her little treats sometimes. The sushi is very good and unlike some Sushi places they do not skimp on the wasabi or ginger. The portion sizes are huge. When I order something it feeds me dinner and then lunch the next day. Therefore, the prices are worth it. Also, when you call to place an order they actually don't rush you on the phone, and they will answer your questions. One of the most impressive things about them is when they say your food will be ready in 15 minutes IT IS.I highly recommend this place, Osaka is great.
5	Osaka is amazing! The interiors are simple and beautiful and tasteful and the food is served in large portions and is terrif! The Tea Smoked Duck still has me salivating. The server we had was really sweet (the dish I ordered is her personal favorite coincidentally), and she gave us complimentary orange slices at the end of our dinner which I thought was a nice touch. You'd never know the strip mall its in would have such a place. The portions are big enough to share easily too. You all should try them.
5	I wish I would have found this place sooner! We ordered soups, salads, sushi, fried rice and lemon chicken! All were great! When you are seated they give you cucumbered in a very yummy dressing and the fried chips with cold duck sauce also very good! I have ate food from here 3 times in 10 days!! Also they dont deliver where I live but they do you meet you somewhere which I thought was great :)
5	I am crazy about Osaka!  They have fantastic sushi and great Chinese food.  The decor is your typically humdrum Chinese restaurant, and the stripmall location leaves much to be desired, but the food is consistently delicious and the service is always friendly and attentive.
5	I concur with the other positive reviewers and their observations, so I'll try not to repeat them. I have been eating here for several years and keep coming back. There's one waitress who is not as attentive but the others are exemplary. Owners are friendly, too. I moved to Beaver County for a while -- when I returned two years later and dined here again, the waitress named my favorite dishes and asked if that's what I'd be ordering! The scallion pancakes are fab. Get them! Also, get a house salad. It's your typical mundane iceberg and carrot kind of medley but the dressing -- they make a unique ginger salad dressing that is heaven in your mouth. You'll be cleaning it from your plate. I recommend the scallion pancakes for that, or anything, really -- I'd eat a handful of foam packing peanuts if they had this salad dressing on it.Like other reviewers have said, try the tea smoked duck. It's wonderful with hoisin (as they serve it with) or cold at 2am in the lurid glow of your fridge light.
4	Great food. I've tried several different Chinese dishes here and they were all delicious. I don't like sushi but my wife does and she said this is one of her favorite places to get it.
4	Very pleasant dining experience every time.  Polite, friendly staff and excellent service.  Food is an 8 on a scale of 10.
3	A nice and friendly establishment with tasty food. The main drawback is that the food is not of the highest caliber: the sushi doesn't taste fresh and items like the egg drop soup, miso soup and General Tso's Chicken are loaded with sugar and salt. Tastiness often comes at a price.
3	Good Egg rolls. Good homemade dumplings. For the price(2 entrees and 2 egg rolls for $30), I was expecting more. Chicken with black bean sauce was great, sesame chicken was not....bland and soggy.If i can find somewhere less expensive with around same quality, wont be back here. I do like the dumplings, but too pricey overall.Good, not great.
1	I always order delivery from them, not because their food is great but because they are the only Chinese restaurant that delivers and taste acceptable around where I live. I always tip the driver 20% or above until lately I was having an important phone call when they delivered and forgot to tip the guy. I was told on the phone that I need to tip the driver the next time I called them. I said Ok and apologized, explaining I was on the phone that's why I didn't tip the driver. And I did tip the driver this time. However I FOUND A BIG PIECE OF EGG SHELL AND A PIECE OF HAIR in my food. This has never happened before so I dont know if they did it on purpose or not. As far as I remember tipping is OPTIONAL, and you should never throw egg shell and hair into other people's food.
5	When a sushi roll is absolutely delish and its delivery, WHOA snap! The fantasy roll was awesome, and for less than $10 with an egg drop soup, delivered to my hotel room; I was a happy camper.
2	I wanted to like this place so much, but I just didn't have a good experience.  I went for lunch and ordered the sushi lunch platter. The rice tasted stale and dry. I asked for spicy on the sushi and they didnt add it. The waitress didn't understand a word I was saying. I'll try it again but am really disappointed
1	Meh.. Edemame toooo salty. Ordered small asaragus roll.. Didn't show up. Entre was okay nothing spectacular. Prob won't be back.
5	Great service today for lunch! My favorite sushi place in south hills and their lunch specials are so reasonable. Used the delivery too, always quick and friendly.
