3	I went on a Saturday around 6 PM and was in and out in 45 minutes with four people in my party. So basically, it's fast service. The food was pretty good, I got the O'aces Sampler and it was a lot of food. Food prices were decent, most meals were either $10 or $13. Also, they accept Restaurant.com coupons. Service was great because they weren't busy and food was good.
1	We've been to O'Aces at both Rainbow and Decatur, and really liked both for the more-than-decent food and the low prices.  Tonight I met up with my husband for a quick bite at the Rainbow venue.  We no longer had any Restaurant.com coupons, but knew they served till late and the prices were reasonable.  We both wanted the Asian Chicken Salad. It was a little past 9 p.m., and we entered to find the bar completely empty - strange for a gambling joint.  We walked past that to the restaurant area, where not a soul had survived.  It should have been an omen.Imagine our shock when the waitress handed us a menu that said "Angelina's Kitchen."  Who the hell is Angelina, and why is she hanging out at O'Aces?  Sadly, O'Aces is no more, as far as food goes.  No more Asian Chicken Salad big enough to feed half of China.  Or anything else that was remotely reminiscent of the O'Aces of old.  This was Italian.  Or Italian wannabe.  I could tell, because I'm pretty smart.  Angelina is an Italian name.  And that's where the resemblance ends.I had a hard time deciding what to order, mainly because I wasn't prepared for Italian food.  Not that I've ever been known say no to good Italian food, but I just kinda had a feeling...Hubby ordered the Greek Salad with chicken (he must have had a feeling, too).  Nothing, but nothing was appealing to me, so I settled on just a sub, or hoagie, or hero, or grinder, or whatever the heck they call it in Vegas, where everyone comes from somewhere else.  Roast beef.  I pointed to it while I ordered it, and the waitress saw me point.  She also agreed to substitute provolonefor the white American cheese.What seemed like an eternity later, she came out bearing two plates, and said "Be careful, the plates are VERY hot."  I thought that was strange:  why would a Greek salad and a roast beef sub be hot?  She put my plate down in front of me, and I stared at a huge mound of brown glop.  What the hell was it????  And then I realized that she brought a HOT, barbecued roast beef, from the LEFT side of the menu.  I guess she was dyslexic, or whatever they call people who SEE things on the left, even though they're looking at the right.  And I never did find out why the Greek salad was also on a hot plate (though DH did like it, despite the fact that his chicken looked to me like it was straight from fridge to plate without a chance to breathe).The waitress apologized profusely, and as much as admitted that it was her mistake.  While she was changing my order, I occupied myself with one of those Wet Naps I always carry from the casinos, trying in vain to scrub the barbecue sauce off my fingers.  Just a little bit got on my hand accidentally, because there was just so much of it oozing all over that plate, and it was the stickiest bbq sauce I've ever encountered.  It must have had enough sugar to send a diabetic into a coma.I should have cut my losses right there.  She brought the cold roast beef and prov sub, and then I learned the reason for all the sauce on the hot one:  it was to disguise the taste of the roast beef, which was arguably the worst I've ever encountered in my life.  It had no taste of roast beef, just salt and sour.  As in SOUR.  The roll was soft, as a sub roll should not be, very white, and completely tasteless.  I eighty-sixed the roast beef, and had a provolone and tomato sandwich on half the doughboy roll.  The cross-cut fries (which she and the menu called CRISS-cut), were okay.Apparently, Angelina now makes her home at every one of the restaurants formerly known as O'Aces. (Though the bar is still called that.   I, for one (really two, if you count my husband) will stay home.  All the better to devote my time to writing witty and snappy reviews for good restaurants that deserve them.
1	This place (Angelina's) Suck! My children wanted cheese fries one night and I remembered we had a flyer from one of there employees sticking it on my door so I decided to order from there... We ordered 3 cheese fries, they delivered in roughly 30 minutes... They were hot and loaded. Really good. So I thought ok I may have something good here Plus they have no minimum delivery. A few weeks later I got a craving for a burger and omg there Burgers are DRY, plain and boring with pathetic lettuce. So I said ok, no biggie I know not to order burgers from there. Another few weeks later my husband decided he wanted there all white pizza or whatever the greasy greasy thing is called, It's safe to say that thing is gross, if you don't roll it up to squeeze the 8 ounces of grease out you will be on your way to an heart attack... Once again I know not to ever order pizza from this place. So again, Weeks later I get a craving for some cheese fries with sour cream and jalapenos... I ordered it they delivered it... Omg... What the hell? No sour cream, cheese was cold and dry underneath the cold hard you know what fries! I was pissed... How dare they Jack up my craving? I will never ever ever ever ever order from this place again nor look at it when I drive by. It's crap.
1	Terrible bar. If you're not a regular you get ignored. The staff is not attentive at all and when asked to order a drink looked annoyed. Don't come here unless you love bad service.
