5	Let me preface this by saying that I'm usually a Burger King guy (I like their mascot better, McDonald's is too funny looking).However, my friend was in town, and I thought, "why the heck not? live a little!" so I brought her here.On our way to McDonald's, also known as "Mickey D's" in other areas, I begin to worry that maybe I should have called to reserve a table in advance.However, upon arriving, we were pleasantly surprised to find no line!! We did wait a minute or two to be seated, but apparently, this is one of those seat yourself places.  As I approached the front, I was immediately mesmerized by their huge selection of burgers. Their menu ranged from McSingles to McDoubles to even McTriples!! They also had a dollar menu consisting of items costing $1.07 after tax. I decided to go with their house special, The Big Mac, and their seasonal Chicken "McNugget" Pieces.When I opened up my box of chicken nuggets, the pale-golden/yellow skin indicated that it had just came out of the storage unit next to the fryer.  As the freshness evaporated with every bite, I really began to taste all the other kinds of meat that went into making the nuggets. I think I even tasted some pork, but don't take my word for it. Oh my God and then you have the dipping sauces! These little containers held the perfect blend of artificial sweetener and manufactured taste  As I eagerly unwrapped my Big Mac, I was slightly disappointed to find that it wasn't as advertised (the picture on the display made it seem a lot bigger!!). Oh well.I would really like to commend the chef on making the buns just how I like them, extremely soggy. I was even more impressed that the soggy, limp buns were able to maintain their round form. This is some pretty advanced cooking technique!!Anyways, as I bit into my Big Mac, the first thing I tasted was the mayo. Actually, it was the only thing I tasted, but it was some damn good mayo. Finally, if you're watching your waistline, they have a plethora of drink options. Choices like Diet Coke, Diet Coke Zero, Sugar-free Diet Coke Zero, etc... ensures that there's a perfect diet drink for everyone. PS: Perfect date spot for Valentine's Day. Highly recommended!!
2	I broke down and was craving McDonald's and wanted to check out the newly built one. Ordered the new bacon clubhouse burger. It was tasty but on the cooler side of hot. Once again though fries as bad as you can get. Cold, dried out and down right uneatable. I do like that they have coke zero even as it wasn't mixed properly. Service, what service. No warm welcome or even a smile and it was a manager who was besides himself for having to leave his set position to help me the only customer at noon in line. Dining room looks great new. Dirty as all hell. Looked to sit at 3 high tables and all the seats had greasy soda spots all over them. How hard is it to manage a place like this. I've done it quiet successfully for many years. And yes someone can contact me if they'd like.
4	Went here twice while I was in town for business.  Staff was friendly and fast.  They seemed to really be working hard.  Food was good, and at McDonalds, of course its cheap.  They even had Wi-Fi.  The place was up to date and clean as well.No play area for kids.  This is a very small McDonalds.
