5	My son has a cowlick that can stop any decent hairstylist on his/her tracks. Throughout his young 8 years, he has visited almost every hair stylist in every hair salon chain in the southeast Valley, with and without the video game equipment. While these gifted hair gurus can find a solution to keep his crazy cowlick at bay, the solution is often short-lived. A week after any haircut, the cowlick is at it again, growing unusually faster than the rest, creating the look of a rooster's comb at the very top of my poor son's head.That was until he met face-to-face with the cowlick doctor, Ralph of AA Barber Shop.AA Barber Shop--a non-pretentious joint where young boys become dedicated to the one barber of their choice, who will groom them the same way each month until they become men. It's a place where men, who are long-time customers, bring their sons as part of a tradition. It is a place where moms sit quietly, patiently wait for their sons to get their haircuts without a single peep simply because there's too much testostorone going around. It is a place where cowlicks don't stand a chance!I am grateful for this place, grateful for Ralph for taming the wild cowlick, and grateful that a $2-tip is still happily accepted.Boys, you ought to check it out!
5	Jim the Barber did a great job on Jim the Yelper's hair yesterday.  Cut it exactly as Jim the Yelper requested.  Oddly, Jim the Yelper often doesn't get the cut Jim the Yelper asks for at other places.  That's why Jim the Yelper is going to see Jim the Barber from now on.A nice bonus - between the big plasma TV and the baseball talk it seemed like my haircut was done in 5 minutes!  This is an old school barber guys...we're talkin' hot foam and straight razors.  The real deal.Cash only so bring it.  Standard men's cut $14.
3	Its Ok. Nothing special. Not too bad, they did not butcher me too horribly. Could be a lot better. I do not know if i ever go again. I suppose i will. $14 in cash for an Ok haircut sounds fair, I suppose.
4	When your son discovers the scissors and cuts his own bangs, get over to Ralph to do the repair job. Jim and Ralph are great barbers, friendly and at a great price.  They are respectful to make sure the TV is PG material when young kids are around.
4	Very good old school barber shop. I love supporting these guys vs. a national or even local chain. They are what you would expect, very sportsy, big screen tv, and plenty of conversation. Try them out!
