2	This is a brand new McDonald's right next to Lush Burger and AJ's.  This place is either understaffed, or poorly trained.  I have eaten breakfast (on a weekday, 9am) and lunch (noon on a Saturday) and both times the place was dirty.  Counters, soda area, floor, all looked like they hadn't been cleaned in a day or two.  This is too bad, as this is a brand new place.  Service was slow, and unhappy.  My food orders (both meals) were wrong.  This shouldn't be a big suprise if they are owned by the same people that own FLW & 101.
2	New store using the latest McDonalds motif is pleasant to the eye but the good ends there. I don't go to McDonalds expecting stellar service but this store falls short with an I don't care attitude from the manager on down. If they get your order right go buy a lottery ticket because it is your lucky day.The don't care attitude shows in a general filthiness to the place. Most of the soda dispenser heads have carbonated water pouring out of places it shouldn't be coming from. Use the napkin you wet drying your hands to wipe off a dirty table.This place gives McDonalds a bad name.
1	This was the absolute worst McDonalds I have ever been to in my entire life. DO NOT GO HERE !!!! The girl who was working the drive through was too busy having a freaking attitude to get our order correct. She was mumbling So much that my mother could not understand her so she returned with a bad attitude and a snotty comment back. Then when we got to the drive through we wanted to check our order and the guy working that window also had a terrible attitude. What the hell is wrong with the owners here hiring people who are that rude. Do not go here ever !!!!!!!!!!
1	Been here a few times, each hoping the food would have improved. It hasn't. Cold fries, hockey puck burgers and REALLY bad coke. Come on, McDonald's is known for their diet coke, and these guys can't even get that right! I'm not sure how to make a diet coke take this bad. Anyway, this place needs a total overhaul. Their food, and service just flat suck.
