5	Williams-Sonoma, how I love thee....  Rather than counting the ways, I can say it all in one sentence - it makes me want to cook.  If you knew me, you'd know how much that was saying....From the pots and pans to the cook ware to the appliances to the cook books to the linens to the pre-made mixes/sauces to the freaking cookie sheets!  I love it all!  All of it!  I'm a microwave kind of girl, and walking out of here I find myself pining over the perfect cast iron pot.  I'm telling you, it does things to you.  I've bought SO much from here for Christmas gifts!  And - they usually have great sales!  Selling dreams of the perfect kitchen/meal/home - every day....
2	Williams-Sonoma is not so great as people say it is when it comes to buying their coffee pots. First of all they really need to hire people who know about coffee pots and also make sure their coffee pots really function. I use to love Williams-Sonoma until we started having the worst problems after buying their coffee pots. Cusine Art Coffee pot that cost over $100 didn't work properly. We would end up with burnt tasting coffee. Before that we ordered their Italian coffee maker, Bialetti "Moka Express" Stove Top Espresso Maker. Later on we ended up with metallic tasting coffee and returned it to the same shop. Surprisingly after letting them know about the coffee pot problems a month later they still had the same coffee pots there. But on the very bottom shelf. We didn't have any problems getting our money back or store credit. Basically don't buy their coffee pots. On top of that when the employee would ask us if we had any questions they couldn't even answer any questions about coffee pots. Other than that all their other items are pretty functional. So far.
5	Everyone has a vice and I am quick to admit that mine is Williams-Sonoma.  It started off innocent enough.  I would browse every now and again and marvel at the array of products.  Back then, I would never really buy anything, but I would promise myself that I could have whatever I wanted once I renovated my kitchen.  It took me a long time to achieve that goal, but eventually I did.  Then the flirtation blossomed into my first purchase.  My torrid affair with Williams-Sonoma has been raging for a couple of years now.In Phoenix, the Biltmore Fashion Park store is my favorite Williams-Sonoma location.  The one at the Fashion Square is okay, but it feels cramped.  I travel for business and I seek out Williams-Sonoma stores on the road.  The one in Oak Brook (suburban Chicago) is nice.  The store in Walnut Creek, CA is also nice.  The new flagship in Union Square in San Francisco is like Williams-Sonoma Mecca!  It's four floors of everything Williams-Sonoma carries as well as artifacts from Chuck Williams' own kitchen.  It's like a Williams-Sonoma museum combined with the entire product line.  As a side note, the original Williams-Sonoma store that was on the square in Sonoma has been closed.  The Union Square store replaced it.Williams-Sonoma is the best!  The products are all of the finest quality and they stand by everything they sell.  If you ever have a problem, they will take the item back with no questions asked and give you store credit if you don't have your receipt.    I've bought everything at Williams-Sonoma from my Le Creuset Doufeu to Fleur de Sel French sea salt.  If you love to cook, this is the place for you.  If you bake or cook a lot, be sure to check out their All-Clad Stainless Steel Measuring Cups & Spoons.  The measuring cups are adorable because they're miniature versions of the All-Clad saucepan.  For standard measures, they offer sets of both four cups and spoons: 1/4, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup; 1/4 tsp, 1/2 tsp, 1 tsp and 1 Tbs.  The really handy items are the odd-size sets.  They offer sets of both cups and spoons in the following odd sizes: 2/3 cup, 3/4 cup and 1 1/2 cups; 2 tsp, 1 1/2 Tbs and 2 Tbs.  All the spoons stack together into a cute space-saving group.  All four sets of measures make an awesome gift!Don't overlook their website.  Sometimes they will have Special Offers for products online that can be upwards of 50% off of the same items in the stores.  This drives the BF a bit crazy because he thinks their pricing should be consistent across all retail channels, but I'm willing to check their website frequently as I have found a number of bargains online.
3	Fancy  shop with great kitchen items that I would use for our kitchen. It seems whenever I go in there their products don't work. Avoid ordering any of their coffee pots because we had to return them twice in a row. It seems like whenever we walk in there the employees don't seem to be knowledgeable about the products there. I give this store three stars for having a variety of kitchen items and an enchanting place to visit.
4	I like this Williams-Sonoma best.  It is always the cleanest, best stocked, and quietest location.  I think the fact that Biltmore is not as frequented as other larger malls helps.  The employees here are always friendly, and thankfully I have never found them to be pushy.  They greet me and then leave me to do my lusting... I mean shopping.  Great store if you are in the need of higher-end, fantastic quality kitchen products.
4	Attended the 12/4/2010 Technique Class (complimentary) : The Holiday Dinnera) Eggnog with Nutmeg and Cinnamonb) Standing Rib Roast with Yorkshire Puddingc) Creamy Gratin of Winter Root Vegetablesd) Chestnut Panettone Bread PuddingAll very tasty and very informative plus price was right...If I were so inclined to cook  a standing rib roast a remote meat thermometer would be useful.  Remove roast when 125 is reached and let it rest for 15 minutes.  Don't poke meat or juices will escape...
5	I wish I had a lot of money that I could spend in this store. They have so much cool baking stuff here. They have great cookie cutters Star Wars ones even. Everyone is always nice when I come in.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE !! They have anything and EVERYTHING you could possibly need for cooking baking and anything that has to do with preparation of foods. Its a little on the $$Pricey side of where your coins might be at the time but chances are well worth the money. They have spices, unique brands, imports, gadgets, scrubbers...... I could go on but I am sure I missed a few items, but once you go and check it out for yourself,  what I may have missed could be your new surprise !! PS THEY GIFT WRAP FOR FREE !! BONUS ! (and its the professional shrink wrap style too)
5	My mother received a Williams-Sonoma Le Creuset stock pot in the color OCEAN which is exclusive to this company.  There was a lovely display for this in the Biltmore store, so I purchased it for her in November for her birthday.In December, my father called from Scottsdale to ask me about the color and the company that produced the Stock Pot. My mom apparently loves it a lot and wanted more pieces.  He drove to Williams and Sonoma in Scottsdale Fashion Square and it was an unproductive trip. The store staff was not familiar with the color, and didn't have anything to offer him - they told him to purchase it online.  Upon hearing this, I called the Scottsdale and the Biltmore Stores.  The Scottsdale store person had never heard of this color, but he indeed had some pieces in stock. He actually made me to go the website and give him model numbers of things I was hoping to find. It was really crazy.I called Cindy in the Biltmore Store and she was quick to respond that she knew EXACTLY what the color was, she knew they had a floor display of the color and the pots and various other pieces (frying pans, tea kettle, etc.)  She also agreed to put a few pieces aside on hold for my Dad so he could look at them quickly and easily without any confusion.  My Dad drove down this week and found all the items he wanted to purchase super quickly and he said he did not deal with Cindy, but that the experience he had was very good.  He also loved the Biltmore mall and found the parking easy and meandered over to Macy's to get her some Estee Lauder perfume as well.Thank you Williams-Sonoma!!!  My mother is going to have a great Christmas.  And yes, this is a spoiler, but my parents are not likely to check yelp reviews...but if you run into my Mom, keep this a secret for a couple more days!
5	I have a serious crush on every Williams Sonoma, but this one in particular is close to my heart. The staff is always very friendly and welcoming to me anytime I shop there. I've had fun buying items off our registry with gift cards and when the toaster we received didn't work, they happily exchanged it for a new one. Like other Williams Sonomas, their quality of products is great but they also incorporate a local feel into their shop as well. They host artisan and technique classes on the weekends and when they do, they bring in local products to use during their classes and the local chefs to do the demos. It's a great local touch!
4	What a great shop! As crazy as it sounds, I've never been in here! For a cooking nut like me, that's just bonkers. They have every single awesome cooking toy you could ever want and WAAY more. They also have tons of sauces, rubs, seasonings etc to play around with. The only draw back is it's VERY pricey, although it's all super quality stuff. They DO have classes every Sunday at 11. The wife and I are going to attend a pasta making class this Sunday!
4	This place has the most amazing kitchen gadgets. Things I would NEVER even fathom having in my kitchen. It's so fun!  I wish I had the money to buy everything!  I usually do come in here to buy their silicon with wooden handle spoon and spatula though.  They are sturdy and I can use them on just about anything.  They do have free cooking classes on Sunday's at this location.  They recommend that you call and RSVP though in case it's a popular course and they don't have enough food to go around.  They are all really friendly there and very helpful with any questions that you may have.
5	of course this place has the best and coolest kitchen stuff. a stop on our Elite Yelp event, we were treated to a miniature cooking demo with some of their products. the chefs were funny and very personable. they cooked up some pies and pizzas for the group. i do like browsing. it's a bit out of my budget (sorry honey, i know you love kitchen gear). something i didn't know about williams sonoma....they host artisan and technique classes....and even will show you how to use a real chefs knife for free if you are like me and normally use whatever is handy to chop things.a great shop, great products, great service.
5	This store has the most beautiful kitchen items and is jam-packed with artisan goodies to make our home cooking easier. You immediately start thinking of how you can justify buying something. I'll make spring form-tarts every weekend! I can use these red placemats for at least 3 holidays! I need a better mixer to handle all the produce from our garden! Also, I had no idea that they offer free cooking demonstrations and will teach you how to hold a knife properly or how to chop an onion? On this trip they were demonstrating pizza making 101 using their artisan dough mix, along with fresh toppings, in their pizza maker! They also have a fantastic mini pie maker that utilized some of their pie dough and filling and made mini pies in 7 minutes!! Sure they are highlighting their products, but they also tell you variations of use with your own homemade ingredients as well. The staff was wonderful! Upbeat and friendly, it makes shopping here even more fun!
4	This is one of the nicest Williams-Sonoma stores I've seen in terms of how the merchandise is set up. The store is clean and immaculate. Everything is so well organized, and it isn't too cluttered. The people who work there aren't the friendliest, but it's such a well displayed store (and it's so close to me) that I'll go back.If you're looking for high quality cookware and bakeware, or maybe some specialty food items, definitely give Williams-Sonoma a try. It's pricey, but the products are excellent.
4	Just when you thought your kitchen was stocked, one visit to Williams Sonoma and you will think otherwise. I've always enjoyed this store, as they have so many fun gadgets to make your at home culinary experiences so much easier. My husband and I registered here for our wedding, and there's nothing more fun than shopping for all of the quality kitchen items they offer with someone else's money. Not only is it fun perusing all of the items in the store, but the extra enjoyment comes from the delicious samples they always have. What's also great is that they offer free cooking demos every Saturday. I went to the one last weekend, and learned how to make fresh pasta and then got to sample it! The staff here is always very accommodating and helpful. I will return many more times for that kitchen item I never thought I needed.
4	I've always loved Williams-Sonoma!  It is more than a kitchen store; it is an experience! A great place to buy presents!Yes, you can just go in there and buy whatever you need for your gourmet kitchen, or a unique gift for your best friend or your mother. But WS staff is there for more than just to sell you high end kitchen delights. They will teach you how to use your new purchases and the many options that are available that you had no idea you wanted or even needed.The staff is well-trained, not your usual retail sales clerks, but men and women who know their inventory and how it can make a difference in your cooking life and they aren't afraid to tell you.The WS staff at the Biltmore are on the top end of the sales scale. They are there to teach you what they have in the store, what you might need to fulfill your every kitchen desire and what you cannot live without. Yep, I challenge you to get out of there without buying at least one thing, or learning how to cook something you didn't even know you wanted.  Williams-Sonoma is a playground for cooks of all levels. And, if you are like me and not a chef . . .it is a great place to buy wedding and Holiday presents.
4	The delicious smells that come out of this place drag us into this store against our will!  But seriously though, it smells awesome - especially at this time of year when the pumpkin spice smell drifts out onto the sidewalk some distance away from location!This is a well organized, clean and friendly location.  It also happens to be in a great location with other shops that you can visit and make a trip out of it!  Overall: AGreat location.  Great smells.  Go.
5	This store has been here at the Biltmore for as long as I can remember. When I bought my first house. This is where I came to get all the things I always wanted. I had shopped here before ,but this time I could really go to town, and yes I got myself in debt doing it. But, it was awesome!Here we are in 2013 and this shop is still going strong. I have always loved all the wonderful things here that you really cannot find anywhere else.I have so many cool little gadgets from this shop.The best part is ,I DO NOT COOK!At least not very often. One day I will,but I love going out to eat so much.But, I still love Williams-Sonoma, because, they even sell food here.Plus, they gift wrap as well.  YES!
