4	On a warm night, which shouldn't be terribly hard to find in Las Vegas, this is a great spot to lounge and have drinks outside with friends. But do bring your own friends. If memory serves me right, this isn't the place you'll want to mingle with strangers and hope for the best, as it is not the friendliest crowd around.
5	This is a great place to go clubbing, catch a show or host a party. Its a lot bigger inside then it appears and the crowd here is usually the right mix of sexy, young, and cool. I love this place.
5	Although it's not quite on the strip, its a great club to go to.  My first impression of it as I walked in was, "GREAT...a small club..."  YEAH RIGHT....You walk in and you're greeted with a lovely bar and plush seating area and then you continue walking through to find a dance floor thats an okay sizing with four different Go-GO poles...FOR YOU TO DANCE ON.  YES!!!Then we started to head towards the patio area of the club...and OH MY God...I have to say it is one of the most beautiful patio areas I have ever seen... Another plus is that the pool area was in a scene of CSI: LAS VEGAS.. another PLUS....GO GRISOM
4	Great place.  Went here a couple of times.  Not overcrowded with too many tourists, although I am considered one myself when I do go out to Vegas.  I like it when it's not overcrowded too, so you can actually dance.  Nice outdoor patio area as well.
4	Great bar with a beautiful outside patio lounge area to kick back . If you want to get away from The Strip, check this out. Good drinks, fun crowd, and great ambience. This was my frequent joint when I lived in Vegas.
4	I loved the patio lounge outside. I was suprised to see such a big club in Henderson... but what do I know? Overall, the staff was nice. Happy hour though can obviously take its toll on your bartenders' friendliness. Music was your typical top 40 kinda stuff. I'd imagine people who like going to the Palms, Hard Rock... or Tao the Nightclub, would like this.
4	Whiskey Sky is one of those weird clubs that remind me of a longhouse. When you walk in, the decor is very posh. Except for the gaudy disco balls, it's not bad. The drinks are a tad on the expensive side for stations. I think we need a place that takes you back to the 6-8 dollar drink range. Everything in Vegas has gone up to the 10-12 dollar drink range. Like I said...Longhouse. The dance floor is not a big area. It goes up a flight of stairs to the dj booth. There are a bunch of tables/booths nestled against the walls. There are two openings to the patio with overlooks the pool area. It's a little trendy for my taste. It's Station Casino staple to have a club over look the pool. But I guess the outside is for cool people to hang out and talk and the inside is for the groove to get on. Overall a really great place. Retarded to get to downstairs.....don't park in the back....
4	Whiskey Sky is a really chill place to go to.  It's free, there's a good crowd, and the bartendresses are pretty hot.  Drinks are the usual club prices, but it has a nice outdoor area.  The dance floor is pretty small and cramped, but it's a lot better than how it used to be a few years ago when it was in a small room all musty.  If you want chill and great place to be able to talk with your friends then this is the place to go.
1	Just figured Id update everyone on "The Whiskey" as I used to work there.  Just after the first of the year Station Casinos bought The Whiskey and pretty much fired all the employees and replaced us with hotel staff and then ran the place into the ground.  Now I may be a touch on the bitter side as I loved my job and loved working there, but much of the atmosphere that everyone loved about this club was fueled by the fun loving and high energy staff. At any rate GVR has made other plans for the space the club occupied and have since close The Whiskey for good.  Not exactly sure what will be replacing it but I doubt it will live up to the reputation The Whiskey had made for itself over the years.   R.I.P. Whiskey....  We'll miss you.
