4	If you like hot chocolate as much as I do, this is the place to be in CU. They specialize in chocolate, so there are several types of hot chocolate you can get. My favorite is the Ocumarin, which is dark chocolate infused with a blend of spices. The mix of chocolate and spiciness can be shocking, but it is well worth trying. They also have cafe standards- coffees, Italian sodas, ice-cream drinks, pastries etc. Of course there are chocolates, but they are pricey (some are $3 a piece!) and lack any sort of smash that would make them worth paying for. I hate to say it, but they are very American and their texture is somewhat commercial in its glossiness. They don't exactly melt in your mouth.Also, lack of free wireless makes academic types very sad. Nearly every other coffee shop around has wireless, so it's a bit strange that they don't.
4	fun place to stop for a treat if you're trecking across campus.  perfectly located just off the quad on wright st.  pretty good flavor and rather fresh.  they stopped making my favorite  piece in their collection; the earl grey truffle, so minus one star for creating a love affair with an unavailable partner.
4	I've been to the Urbana location twice. The first time was so yummy I was ecstatic for the second. I even brought some home for my boyfriend as I was unsuccessful in my attempt to save him some from the first trip. Then, today, I discover there's been one in San Francisco this whole time! Oh well for an Illinois treat :)I love their chocolate selection. I grew up on See's candies, and Moonstruck is definitely more fun. They play with different flavors, different shapes, and different combinations. I especially like their ice cream cone shaped candies. And their coffee drinks are to die for! Now that I know the San Francisco location is there, I will definitely be stopping in.The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is that it is a bit over priced. $10 for 4 chocolates. Know what you're getting into.
2	This place has a variety of exotic drinks and chocolates but it is kinda pricey. I could have gotten better chocolates at that price elsewhere because theirs taste like Hershey's. The drinks are worth trying but it is not great. I love that they have a nice view from the second storey especially but they DO NOT offer free wi-fi. So, I can't study or do research while in there.
4	Cute animals... from elephants to donkeys.. pre-election. Which one are you? heck, if it's yummy, I'll be both! Their dark chocolate bars are pretty cheap and pretty yummy. I think I'm going to make this a regular pit stop from now on. The guy at the counter's pretty nice and patient too... though I guess this is the trend in small towns like Champaign.
1	Moonstruck is definitely not my cup of tea. The prices are outrageous, the selection is not great, and they are probably the only coffeehouse type place that does not have wifi by now. It is just too snooty for the common student looking to get a beverage or something sweet.Oh and as I type this, I just remembered that the last time I was pulled in there by my fiancee because she "had to have something sweet" I went to sit down in one of the big chairs to wait for her and there was melted chocolate all over it. Not cool.
3	Moonstruck is a mixed bag of goodies for me.  On one hand, they have some amazing drinks, especially their hot chocolates.  On the other, though, everything they offer is pretty expensive, don't even get me started on their chocolate prices.  A lot of the times, their drinks are so sugary or...something...that if I don't brush my teeth immediately afterwards (particularly the tongue), it'll start hurting within several hours, so bad combo if you are pulling a desperate all-nighter studying.Oh, and no wi-fi.  They do have a very nice second floor, though.  But still, no wi-fi.  Are coffee places even allowed to not have wireless anymore?
4	Bittersweet review.. I loved Moonstruck!!!!  I really missed having a chocolate cafe around when I left Champaign.. I loved the dark chocolate circles resting on the pillow of whipped cream floating on a dark chocolate heaven of delicious creamy liquidy chocolatey goodness.  I also loved the times when I was able to indulge in an expensive bite of a chocolate truffle (especially loved that dark chocolate truffle shaped like a cute little dog).  I had discovered there was one in San Francisco, and only got to go there once.. and now, none of the Moonstrucks exist!!!!  I guess you can only truly appreciate things when they're gone.. Moonstruck, I loved you so, and I will always hold you dear in my heart.
1	I probably would have given moonstruck threeish stars when it was open, but I can't give it any stars any more because it's closed!  That seemed kind of sudden!  I wonder what happened / what is going to go in there instead.  Panera pleeeaaasssseeeee.
5	What?????  Moonstruck is closed?????????  That was my favorite date place ever!  Their vanilla icecream sundaes with chocolate fudge are to die for... no joke!!  I will never find a place that even comes close to how amazing their sundaes are when I'm on my cute lil dates with my boyfriend.  I never want to go on another date again =(
3	You were overpriced and full of yourself (Really, charging for wifi? meh), but you left us too soon, Moonstruck.I liked knowing that if i wanted to spend too much money and feel bad about it later, I could have a reliably delicious mexican mocha with some decent, high quality chocolate.  And your logo was cute.But, you know, you could've been more affordable and less pretentious too.  That doesn't mean I wanted the gimmicky yogurt/chocolate/blah place to replace you, though. :(Moonstruck, your'e like that kid in high school I felt ambivalent about only to find out he's now in jail.  I'm sad for you, but not particularly surprised.
