5	This store is fast and effective.I went in with my phone. My phone would cut off on people in mid convo. I took my phone in to be seen and wow. I was in and out in about 10 minutes and it was quick easy and painless. The employees are kind and friendly and listen to my issues. I will be back to this location because they have employees who know what they are doing. LMAO the issue was I downloaded a app and the app was bad. Sprint was their when I needed them because If I cant yelp from my phone I will NOT be happy. As I left the lot I was able to check in and give a tip this Sprint rocks!
5	This is a new location of sprint! The friendly and professional staff welcome you to stop in and take a look around. Don't be shy they want to hook you up with a very cool phone and just in time for summer.So I have not been able to check in like I often do oh ok more than I often do on yelp. Because my phone is all jacked up. So off to the Sprint Doctors I went to let them see after my sick HTC LTE baby that I have named Shay. So what I named my phone shes my baby! Don't judge me. Anyway I walked in with more than just general complaints about how my very sick phone is acting up and doping calls and not allowing me to use my keybord and ect  and shes also doing this random freezing up that is more than just a headache. Because I often play candy crush when I'm not busy yelping. Anyway The staff are so trustworthy and professional I have nicknamed them (Sprint Doctors) because they give you their full attention and their attention to details are very much so on point. It seems that sprint has hand picked the best of the best to work at this location. From the door opening and you placing your foot inside you see smiling faces who are ready and willing to help you and your baby I mean phone. God I love knowledgeable employees.  Rather its a update or just buying a phone case to starting you with a  new phone and or upgrading your phone to a more pretty mo better phone. At this SPRINT they got your back. I promise you will leave more happy than that camel on the hump day Tv commercial. I know everyone wants to know what was wrong with my baby/phone so she has some software issues and the good doctors at sprint went out of their way to make my life more easy. They ordered a replacement phone for me and I can come in Wednesday and pick the new phone up. The employees at this sprint location at very intelligent and kind. And we people from yelp love this.
5	I had the pleasure of going back to this location. My phone was acting a donkey. Oh wow it was doing everything but what it was supposed to be doing. And the employees at sprint took the time to listen to all my issues and then fix each issue. Yes they just fixed all my issues altogether. I'm so happy! Feels like I won the lotto. I love Sprint. I will stay with them for years to come. They understood that I gave up my land line to have just Sprint only. And I didn't want to be without a phone while they take time to ship me a new phone. So they got together as a team and fixed all my issues. (That same day.) After getting them to work on my phone...I've had no other issues at all. This company is so great I never have to call them. Because my phone just works. Even when I'm in the middle of the dessert and my husband has no bars on his phone well my phone is working....Noone told him to pick some company other than Sprint. (LMAO) I don't have to worry about no bars because I have all of mine nor do I have to worry about dropped calls. I will never go back to any other company I'm a Sprint girl.
5	I could not wait so I open a few gifts already! And OMG I got cool items. So I returned just to get cases and get everything hooked up. The staff are super kind. Very professional. And was more than happy to help me. Check out my pictures! And do keep in mind if u want a galaxy s4 in purple like mine u can only get it at sprint :)
1	Sprint same poor substandard customer service in the retail stores! So I call the store FARM RD. To make sure I'm not wasting my time driving to the FARM STORE! Discussion I will be there in 30 minutes to pickup the Samsung S5 yes the clerk says we have a few extra. I arrive and the clerk says we have them but you can't have one because we are holding them for reserved customers aka pre-order. Interesting I just call you before coming here. I feel the Sprint LOVE!  Costco in Summerlin has a few in stock both colors 4/19/2014.
5	We went to this sprint location to return an item. Glad to say that we exchanged it for something better Devin was so helpful and honest with us that even if his location is far I would go over to that sprint store the rest of the staff were so polite. They understood our concerns and helped resolved them.
5	Time for a update well I have a ipad & a galaxy s4. This sprint is the best location in my eyes. You get just more than great customer service. The employees have been thru some kind of secret special training in order to pretty please the customers. You don't get treated this good everyplace you go. You always get a smiling face & cheer in everyone's voice. They are always happy to see you & help you. From paying my bill to picking out new phones or repairs I always get the best service at this location. I have self pride in sprint mhm I love sprint & I love my toys I get from sprint. Don't even think about asking me to switch from sprint. Because I'm happy with... I'm just pleased with MY sprint.
4	After several trips and much debate, we went back to The Sprint Store to make the switch from the "other" wireless provider. The deal was good, but the customer service was better. Jack and Justin were both very attentive and very helpful. Customer service at it's finest. Five brand new phones with photos, contacts, etc. transferred over and they paid the early termination fees from the other contract. Trade-ins covered the accessories for the new phones. Did I mention there is no new contract? I'm a fan!
5	I have visited two other sprint stores (see previous reviews) and the service was literally unearthly and i am not a melodramatic person at all so for me to say that is a lot! However i ended up calling this store to ask a few questions and they were amazing. Not trying to sell me at all, very honest answers. I let him know that i didn't want to waste my time if they didn't have what i wanted (the 64GB iphone6) and he did just that. The gentleman let me know that there had been a shortage at all sprint stores in vegas for that phone. Told me my best bet was to keep my original order with their corporate team and didn't try to get me in for another "deal" that was too good to be true once you actually got there.Definitely the best sprint store in vegas by far. A few friends of mine went here and loved it too. Wish i would've listened to them from the start instead of trying to find a closer sprint to my home. Trust me it's worth the drive even if you dont live nearby :).
1	Lmao I understand some companies make their employees reach a quota every month damn near in order to keep there jobs. It's gross nobody likes it. But to turn down a customer because it was an existing sprint customer upgrade and not a brand new line of service for and iPhone 6 is horrible. "We can only sale you an iPhone 6 if you are opening a new line of service, not on a upgrade". " You can place your order online". That's the Sprint employees exact words. Went to another Sprint store and told the same story in which all agreed within the store that this is NOT some sort of "new iPhone Sprint store policy".  Hate to give the entire store 1 star as obviously I didn't meet with all employees but the one I did converse with (Jake or Jack)........steer clear and you might have a better experience.
