4	Cool indoor football joint. Two fields. Decent turf. They even play music while you play. Good times.
1	My 4 year old attended the week long All Sport Camp.  On Friday they take the kids to the park across the street and they left him there.  THEY LEFT A 4 YEAR OLD KID, IN THE PARK, BY HIMSELF!!!!  Fortunately for us, a park employee found him and called the City Marshall's and he was returned safely.  I supspected Meir (sp?) was lying to us about the whole incident, I am sure he was trying to cover his own ass.  My suspicions were confirmed when I got a copy of the report from the Marshal's office.  The Marshal said he would have pressed charges if he could but could not prove intent.  Needless to say, any parent who loves their kid should avoid this place.  You literally may not get your kid back if they do to your kid what they did to ours.
4	In the heat of Vegas, it's great to have a place to play soccer indoors.  LV Indoor Soccer has several organized leagues at different levels of play (including men's leagues, women's leagues and co-ed leagues).  The place even organizes individuals into teams if you sign up as a solo player.  It's a nice resource to have when it's 115 degrees out.
4	Best indoor soccer place I've ever played at.  The fields are nice and large and doesn't smell like some other indoor places I've been to.   I love playing here but I've never understood why we have to pay ref fees every week on top of our team registration fees.  They should just add it into our team registration fee.  It feels a little shady like we are paying the ref under the table.
4	We had never even heard of this place until we saw the Groupon deal for a birthday party. Since my sons LOVES soccer we thought this would be perfect for him. The staff was great!  The kids had a good time and it was great for the parents too. We would totally do a party here again and would like to come see soccer games here in the future.
4	I decided to enroll my 4 year old son for some soccer classes when I found a deal I couldn't pass up on Groupon.  The deal was $50 for a season which adds up to about 8 - 12 classes.  After signing up, they try to get you into buying a $20 soccer jersey with the "Lil' Kickers" logo.  I wanted my son to look official, so I bought him the jersey.  I swear, as soon as he put on the jersey, he became Mr. SoccerrFootboll!  The coach offered the exact kind of training my son and other kids his age needed.. The Basics.  From running around the track, recognizing your teammates, connecting ball to goal and diconnecting ball from hands.  After the season was over, my son was a bit more lively, confident and athletic.  I recommend Lil' Kickers / Indoor Soccer Park to any parent who is looking for good, fun and professional recreation for the little ones.  Victoria Beckham.. eat your heart out!
4	Good location. Like that they have two fields.
1	Lil Kickers is best to be avoided.  My son has said on two occasions he didn't want to go back for very good reasons.  When he was two, he had a very inexperienced "coach" who had difficulty keeping up with a very large class.  For example, when his class was at the other end of the field, we saw her take aside my son and give him a "time out."  We asked what happened, and she said he "accidentally tripped another child."  Clearly, the very young coaches there do not understand what a time-out is. My wife and I were baffled, and so was my son.  So we left, and waited a year.  But, they still have significant problems in my opinion.  We came back with our 1.5 year old daughter and 3.5 year old son.  My daughter's class was frequently cancelled when other parents stopped coming.  They would put my daughter in with the older kids and she simply couldn't keep up.  She was much smaller and, though well developed for her age, she couldn't keep up with bigger children.  Money and time wasted. Last, we signed up for a classes that begin this week but were subsequently cancelled because of lack of interest.  They *refused to refund our money* for a class they canceled, telling us we would have to go on another day.  We have a difficult schedule, and will not be able to make any other times.  We arranged our scheduled around the previous day and time they offered.  Very frustrating!It's best to simply avoid this place.  We were naive to keep re-enrolling.  Shame on us.
5	We found this place as I used to drive by it going to work.  Called and signed up our 6 year old son for a trial session for the soccer.  Before the session was even over he was in love with it.  Now over 6 months later we make sure we sign up every session as he looks forward to soccer day every week.  The coaches and staff are great, and great with the kids.  The only downfall is I wish we would have found this sooner!
5	Been going to this place for years. Good location good refs, overall a great place to bring the family.
4	If you see Bruce Trent Park or Las Vegas Premier Paintball your in the area it's in the back. It's already cool because it's an indoor soccer field.  It not cool it's AWESOME, especially when it's high 90 or 100+ degrees outside.  Great place for both kids and adults to just have fun.  The field area is clean and well maintained. But be careful cause soccer players, adult soccer player, are serious about the sport.  There was a fight in the parking lot over what went on the field. One guy, the bigger guy was made about something and went after the smaller guy who was like "Ahh help me help me". Haha. Don't worry smaller guy's friends helped break it up.  Adults these days always fighting like kids. Haha. At least take it out on the paintball field.
3	Attended a Meet the Las Vegas Legends events for kids 5/24/13. The indoor complex is ok, but in desperate need of maintenance and deep cleaning.
5	Great fields, Helpful staff good facility. The only thing i dont like is some of the ref's calls.......but what sports fan really likes refs anyway? cant fault them for that!
1	This place is a dump!   Staff is rude, the owner just wants money, doesn't care about the quality of his programs or his staff.  The overall carelessness of the owner and staff is evident by the state of facility- its filthy and in need of maintenance.  Spend your money elsewhere, this guy doesn't need more lining his already deep pockets.
4	We have been coming here since the start of Summer and would reccomend this facility to others.Atmosphere is good, facility is nice and well run.
4	Started coming here in June for my 19m old at the time to engage in soccer. The facilities are clean and the staff is friendly. The park offers everything from crossfit classes to karate. I think being multifaceted is great especially because Vegas is so hot during the summer. My sons first season is almost over and he hasn't learned too much. But enough for his age. I would like the coaches to work more with the ball. But maybe I expect too much for his age group. My only complaint is that they use some kind of tire rubber material in the field and every time my son is done with soccer he's black and gross. Is rather have him dirty with grass and diet than old rubber tire. Other than that I'm happy. I recommend this place highly and will be enrolling him in the next season.
4	My son participated in LVIS's Legends Soccer Camp twice this past summer. They are 1 week sessions, 4 hours a day, for $150 (with early registration + $25 membership fee). This camp has changed my son's soccer skills by about 10 fold. Even though we spent over $300 to do so, it was all worth it. The Legends that taught him even remembered him at a special event several weeks later, calling him by his first name and finding him in a group of 100 kids. It made him feel like a rockstar even though he was not an amazing player.The complex is fine. It's indoor soccer so there was a lot of turf that would accompany my son when he climbed back into my car. Do not wear cleats as they will mess up the turf - standard athletic shoes are fine. Snack was provided of fruit snacks and juice - iffy at best, but I just wanted to warn those who may have children with food coloring allergies. Overall, the Legends soccer camp is great! They teach your kids tons of fancy foot work, and immerse them in hours and hours of soccer, creating little prodigies. We'll be back for at least one session/summer.
1	I signed my 3 kids up for their sport's camp offered during Winter break. They didn't divide the kids into different age groups so the little kids were fending for themselves against the big kids.The morning staff was rude, kept yelling at the kids, didn't give any type of directions to the kids, didn't teach any sports and let kids cut in line and yell rude things to other kids. The afternoon staff was better, interacted with the kids and gave directions. They also charged me twice for the yearly required registration fee. When I called to ask for a refund, the manager never called me back. Don't register your kids in their sports camp.
