5	Rock-solid (get it?) Mile End record store.  Formerly on Parc Ave., now conveniently located right next door to Drawn & Quarterly, making for one of the city's best 1-2 punches.  Great selection of indie, experimental, jazz, world, folk & blues, electronic, etc.  Lots of vinyl.  Large selection of used records & CDs.  Concert tickets, too.
5	Awesome music store that manages to feel airy and spacious and also packed with goodness at the same time. It's most notable for it's focus on local music, small indie labels and emerging bands. Phonopolis hosts an intimate concert series in store featuring record launches and touring artists. The staff are bilingual friendly musicians who seem more than happy to recommend new music for you to check out or just let you browse glassy eyed and inspired for as long as you need. Check out the stack of flyers and the list of upcoming shows by the door to get a good idea of what's going on in the local arts and music scene.
5	This is a great music store. There is a huge selection of vinyl and CDs, with something for practically every taste in music. The staff really know their music and they are happy to help with suggestions. Also, they will play for you, or let you listen to on your own, anything you are considering buying. I will definitely go back the next time I am in Montreal.
2	This place should be great. The selection is spot on. The location is great. The one thing i don't understand though, is, well, how can some place that sells something as joyful as music be so goddamn miserable? The staff is frightfully unfriendly and unhappy. I've been spending my money there for a few years now. I even went yesterday. But i am done. It is too miserable of a place. After listening to the counter-girl bitch to her friend for the entire hour i spent in there, i gave up and left. There are plenty of other music shops in Montreal.
5	I made several mistakes in traveling to Montreal.  I did not bring an extra suitcase, I brought a baby (which kept me from serious digging) and I didn't bring a few extra $100 with me.  This place has an amazing selection of jazz, soul and international records at very good prices..go..go...go.
5	Just moved to town and was beyond stoked to find this amazing record store so close to home that played directly to my tastes. Felt like they knew I was coming. Spent an hour walking around letting out little 'holy shit!'s about every 5 mins. Nice selection of new and used stuff, great prices on the newer used records especially, and the guy working the counter was very friendly. For a hundred bucks I got 7 new or near mint amazing records, a few of them albums I've been looking for for years. Can't wait to come back here and make terrible financial decisions again soon. Who needs fooood?
