1	Third times a charm??? Well, no.OK the first time was opening weekend, so the service was whack. Our party had ordered Stromboli, individual pizza, and a meatball sub. For starters I had ordered a small side salad and my friend ordered some cheesy garlic bread. The first thing out? The meatball sub. 10 mins later the garlic bread... then 10 mins after that the entrees, and after asking 4 different people I finally got my starter side salad after I finished my pizza! OK, so everyone said the food was decent, well except for my friend with the meatball sub, but he never likes anything so I can't really count him. The individual pizza was pretty good. I had crispy with pepperoni, pineapple and red onions. So the next time was during the week for lunch. I called in my order on my way home from lunch. I ordered the same individual pizza again. I had a 20 minute drive from work, so I figured it would be ready. I get to the store to pick up my lil pizza and a 105 year old lady was working the register. It took her 10 mins to ring me up. Srsly!!! Then she was just holding on to my debit card the whole time.. that bugs me for some reason. I actually had to ask 3 times for her to hand me my card back.. apparently she can't hear very well?Third time's a charm???.. nope. Me and hubby were starving after bowling and decided to call in a pizza to pick up. See this place is like one block from our house, so that's why we decided to give them another chance, plus the pizza is actually decent, just the service is crap. So we called in our order which took 10 mins on the phone.. should have took that as a sign not to continue. Hubby had to repeat order 3 times and was put on hold at least 5 times during ordering ONE pizza! OK, drive 20 minutes to pick up pizza, hubby runs in and waits.. and waits.. and waits. I'm trying to practice my patience skills so I think perhaps I am being irrational, but then I start timing our wait. Yep, 20 mins he's in store waiting... add that to the 20 minute drive and that's 40 minutes for a call in... and they don't look too busy to me. Apparently they sent our pizza out with the delivery guy.. oh, they didn't tell us this... my hubby just observed their behavior. They started freaking out and whispering when he asked the status of our pie. They started shuffling and making a new one really fast. Seems they were too busy playing around throwing things at each other in the kitchen to pay attention to what they were doing with the completed pizzas, this I saw from the parking lot. I called hubbs from parking lot and asked if he had already paid, when he said no I told him to walk out. Screw that! I could have picked up a frozen pizza from the grocery store, properly pre-heated my oven and baked it at home all before getting my already called in order! SRSLY!!!!The pizza is decent, but I don't think I'll be back.
1	I once managed a very busy, very new pizza place. I understand there are always kinks to work out, and this can be tough especially when someone accidentally drives a car through your storefront earlier that day. But there is no excuse for the only guests in your restaurant to have to wait 25 minutes for 2 one-topping pizzas, a non-functioning soda fountain, and pizza that tastes like but is twice as expensive as Domino's, located in the same shopping center. Sorry, guys.
1	I order from Donato's at least once a week, and unfortunately this location screws up my order more often than not.  When I call to complain its hit or miss whether I get a manager who will take the appropriate action and give good customer service. Tonight when I ordered a salad for my daughter with no nuts or cheese, I of course got one with. All I heard from the manager was a "sorry, next time maybe order by phone instead of the Internet".  Obviously, from the other reviews this place still hasn't gotten it together in the 4 years that it's been open! @donatos
