5	Of all of the places I have been to in the area for home decor items, this is the mother of them all! I couldn't believe how vast it is, and upon walking in my head was practically spinning. I didn't even know where to start. So like any anxious and excited shopper would do, I grabbed a cart and began at the first aisle, determined to make my way down them all. Prepare your eyes and your nose upon entering: they will be treated with the beautiful vignettes around every corner and the wonderful scents that fill the air. Everything here is displayed so beautifully that you could picture the items in your own home easily  (perfect for all of you decoratively challenged people out there). I found that they have a great range of style; from traditional, to country, to cute items and more classy ones. I do agree with what Lindsey said in a previous review, that if you are into the contemporary look you may not find a big selection in here. But they do have very unique items that you won't find anywhere else. Going back to the set-up of this store: it's a huge warehouse that is broken down into aisles, and each aisle has smaller sections you can stop and browse through. Think of a flea market, but far more upscale. Others can lease spaces in here as well, which is great for local artists and entrepreneurs to sell their items out of, and also awesome for consumers who now have the privelege of coming to one store and visiting several all at the same time. You can be assured that most of what you see here cannot be found in department stores. The list of what they offer is endless, but to give you an idea: they have gorgeous furniture (both large and small pieces), tabletop items like decorative dishes and candleholders, wall items such as clocks, signs with clever sayings, and beautiful canvas scrolls, seasonal decor (you HAVE to see the christmas displays they have up already, they are magnificent!), funky little gifty items, such as mugs and martini glasses that are all handpainted with different themes (see pic), children's items, and more, plus a whole design center in the back loaded with furniture. You can literally get lost in this store. The prices vary depending on the type of item and the vendor (as I mentioned, some outside vendors rent space here). But the range is so wide you are sure to find something here that suits your taste. So set aside a few hours, wear comfortable shoes and head over there. There is even an amazing gourmet food and coffee place inside in case you get hungry. Happy shopping!
5	I love Blacklion. Every time I come to Charlotte, my trip is not complete without a visit to Blacklion. I do agree with Alessandra - you need comfortable shoes and a few hours to be in this store! :) This is a very cool store with aisles and aisles of merchandise for your home. They have everything from jewelry to furniture to dishes to rugs. It's amazing what you can find. The last time I went to the Blacklion was Thankgiving 2009. My aunt, mom and cousin and I went on the day it was the Winter Wonderland Spectacular. It was so much fun! Santa arrived on a firetruck! One of the designers from Christopher Radko was there to sign your Christmas ornaments. They also did a drawing for a wreath with 10 Christopher Radko ornaments on them! I didn't win but it was tons of fun! What an amazing day! We were there for hours and enjoyed every moment. I left with 2 very cool snowman dishes and a set of 8 martini glasses. They are short martini glasses with colorful stems. I LOVE THEM!!!! :) They definitely have items that are unique and you will not find them anywhere else. I love going to Blacklion and I know I will leave with something unique for my home every time. The owners of the Blacklion are super nice and sweet! I've met them multiple times and the wife is so much fun.  Unfortunately, the cafe is gone. They were only selling chips, granola bars and sodas while we were there. :(
1	HORRIBLE.  I ordered a piece of furniture in September that was supposed to take six weeks to deliver.  It is Christmas and I still don't have it.  They don't answer phone calls or emails in a timely fashion  or at all.  I can't cancel or they will charge me $300 restocking fee and delivery.  What a joke.  Thanksgiving and Christmas ruined by these jerks because I have no seating.  NEVER AGAIN
3	Nice store to browse a bit pricey though....
4	Now, let me preface this by saying this is not going to be your least costly experienceShopping, but it will provide you with the most variety of unusual gifts and decorativeItems.  We come once a year from out of state to shop. We have family here and a sister who used to live near the  store is who introduced me to the Black Lion experience and it has been a love affair ever since.  This store consists of severalDifferent booths in an old K mart store. One booth may be full of antique purple glassBottles and another all sports memorabilia. The selection is wide and varied and could easily take all day to see.   I can't tell you how many times I hear "That's so cute ,where Did you get it"?to which I reply "BLACK LION".
4	Huge store full of mini stores of goods (furniture, wall accessories, floral decor, accessories for kitchens, dining, office, you just name it!).Place - huge! It took me a while to walk around the whole place to see what each set-up shops had to offer. It is nicely organized in rows, so you have a chance to make your way up and down the aisles.Prices - It is pricey! I was able to do well by not buying much, because it is just expensive for a small piece.
5	This is a great store to spend hours in just browsing. Lots of interesting items.
4	My cousin introduced me to this Black Lion while I was visiting from San Diego.  Love, love, love this place.  I purchased too many things to take back on the plane, so they gladly shipped it.  They arrived perfectly.  Wish they had one of these in San Diego.  Maybe my pocketbook is safer that they don't.  I could get in serious trouble here.
4	What a fun place to get ideas for your house! They have over 100 booths from different vendors selling everything from jewelry to furniture. We spent a few hours here and bought a few unique treats!
2	I had a great experience buying my furniture from them BUT if you need any service after the purchase good luck.  3 phone calls and 2 emails later and I still haven't received any help.  I spent about $10K with them and just need a contact number to get a motor replaced on one of my Theater seats purchased through them that is not covered under warranty.  NO HELP at all.  Be careful if you need any warranty work or service after the fact, just saying.  I was planning on buying my formal living room set from them but not now.  good luck and be forewarned.
4	A woman's shopping paradise. It's set up a lot like antique stores with different booths. Each one has a different style and theme to it. Lots of variety of home furnishings. Tends towards trendy than timeless. There's not so much here for men and nothing historical. Some of the items are early cheaply made but there are some handcrafted type items. Lots of linens. The store is well laid out and public bathrooms are available. Has a cafe where you can sit and have a drink. All sales are final.
3	The people are so snippy who work there. But, they have a good Antique Mall and most of their stuff is good
