4	I've been to El Super about 2 or 3 times but I never check in b/c its not added online. I go to the 24 Hour Fitness that's caddy corner to this place. Although it is easier to just go next door to Liborio, I go across the way to El Super b/c I've heard good things about their items especially about their produce. Super cheap! PRODUCE: Red delicious apples were 2 lbs for 99cents! Bradenton apples for 79cents/lb. What the? that's HALF of what walmart or most stores charge, heck less than half. I also bough Pinalinaza which last time I saw this for sale inside King Ranch Market (which is now called something else btw) it was $13.99. Maybe that was a typo b/c today I only paid $4.99 for it., oh and Tajin which is a red chile spice you can sprinkle on all kinds of produce from sweet fruits to cucumbers to pineapple to everythin in betweena and its utterly addictive. If you've never tried it, they sell fruit cups with it sprinkled on it with lime -usually for $4.00- or you can buy your won fruit here for fractions of that and cut it up yourself and go crazy. to me its a great way to start eating more whole foods again. this is as far as I got, more updates to come soon but I'm trying to eat better and sticking to the "perimeter of the store" rule to not eat as many processed foods, and this place is a great place for that b/c the produce was the best deals I saw. And since I'm a broke college student I got only what I needed by not letting myself get a cart. I got 2 lbs of apples, Tajin, green tea, pinalinaza, mole, tomatoes all for $10. cant beat it with a stick. which im sure they sell there as well!
4	Some of the best prices in Las Vegas.Whenever I am on this side of town I make sure to visit El Super.  Other times I just take their ad to WalMart for price matching.  Their Wednesday produce selections are usually crazy cheap (recently there were 8lbs of oranges for a dollar, 3 lbs of Italian Squash for a $1, and even 2 lbs of green beans for $1).  Thursday meat specials are hit and miss, sometimes amazing and sometimes not worth the drive.  Recently pork spare ribs or beef ribs were $1 a pound, another time pork legs were $0.79 a lb.BUT be warned.  The lines here are always long.  It can get dirty.  And don't buy your normal (non-Hispanic) goods here, unless they are on sale, otherwise your meat and produce savings will be negated by their otherwise high prices.
5	I don't know how they do it, but El Super sells everything CHEAPER!  Produce, fabric softener, etc.  The one negative thing about El Super is that there are lines everywhere!  We waited more than 10 minutes for meats and decided to give up.  The lines at checkout were also long, but I guess that's the cost for lower prices.  The only other complaint I have is that they don't have any locations near my house!
1	Really upset about this place. Went there specifically for item on ad. They were out and i was told i could get raincheck. Decided to wait in long line for only 4 items and get raincheck. Once i got up there and paid for my items i was told i couldnt get a raincheck. I like this store and go out of my way to shop here. But this will be my last vusit.
3	It is an average supermarket with decent prices. Watch their weekly ad for some amazingly good deals.
