4	So, this store is conveniently located in what I call the designer purse wing (near the Gap outlet) of our favorite outlet mall (Dooney & Bourke, Kate Spade, and Coach are neighbors).I've stopped in the small store to browse. Usually there are two sales people on hand working, who are pleasant and smiling. The marked down purses are usually located in the front, with clearly marked signs (love that, there's no guessing). Once I saw some bags (buttery leather, patent leather, in various colors like brown, black and rich red, so many different styles BTW) on special for $69. I don't know why I didn't buy one, but when I went back, the following week, it was no longer there! Ever since then, as I am passing by (with slight lingering), I try to scan the signs to see if it's worth stopping. I really like the signature tote, which is not something I usually carry (I don't carry large bags on an everyday basis) but maybe one day...
5	Brian and Gina are awesome!! They are both very helpful, and so friendly. I was here just this past weekend. I came in to look at what they offered, in comparison to the full retail location near my home in CA.  They had a lot of the same items, but of course, at much nicer prices.  I talked to Brian about some of the wallets and their features. He gave me some really good ideas.  I really like that. He was thinking in far more detail than I was about my purchase. I'm so glad he did. He pointed out some good things about the wallet that I was looking at, and making some suggestions about hardware and other things to consider. In the end, I purchased a beautiful rose gold wallet with gold hardware. It will go perfectly with my Hamilton bag that he also made some great comments about. Gina is awesome too. She checked for all new items for me, making sure that I was not getting a floor model. She suggested a few accessories and just because she was friendly, she got the upsale!  She told me about some of their upcoming promotions and about their guarantees on hardware. THANKS!!! So helpful!
5	I wanted a Michael Kors bag for a while now, I did some research on line and did some price comparisons and wanted to see and feel them in person, so I headed off to the outlet mall. I knew the fall line should be out and that meant savings on the old stuff.  I walked in and found the store very busy.  I was greeted by a sales associate and asked if I needed any help, I asked about the fall line and was reassured it was indeed out and then she told to take my time and when ready, just let her know.I did find the bag I thought would suit my needs, but before I bought it, I took a good look around, opening up, checking out pockets, zippers and handles.  I knew what I wanted and had most of the cash already saved from birthday gifts, so it was just a matter of setting the deal.  I left the store empty handed, calculating my next move, when I would be back.  My husband, who I was with, asked me why I didn't buy it, I told him that it was the bag for me, but for that amount of cash, I just wanted to be sure.  After we walked the entire mall, I headed back and walked in only to be spotted by the same sales associate and asked if I came back for it, when I said I did she threw a big grin on her face and proceeded to take the bag and me to the cashier.  I paid for the bag, and headed out the door with a feeling of light headiness.  The price is a bit high, but the quality of the bag makes it worth it, it will last for years to come, and is up there with my other great handbags.
3	3.5 stars is the actual rating, I would give this particular location.  Michael Kors is always on my wife's wish list.  I had bought a purse for her from another outlet location.  We stopped by this location to see if we could find another great deal for her.The store is clean & organized, and the employees were attentive and helpful.  Although, they were not as nice as the other location we had been to in Camarillo, CA.Well, my wife was able to find a wallet that matched her purse.  It was originally $99, and she got it for $60.  Not nearly as great a savings as her purse, but still okay.We will keep coming back here whenever we visit this outlet mall.  Hopefully, we will find better deals in the future.
3	Michael was always in my favor, but something in that store stopped me from buying a bag and wallet that I was searching for. It was a horrible anthill and my only wish was just to leave that place.The store did have special offers like 30-40 % off and special price tags for old collections if somebody accidentally is still interested. But, unfortunately, I didn't feel comfortable and ready to leave my money here.
4	I remember when I first bought my first MIcahel Kors bag and folks were like MK what's that? A couple months later. When I got my mom a Micahel Kors watch, it was the same. Nowadays, Michael Kors is the IT Brand.  Folks are posting about it on Facebook, Instagram etc. It's popularity was evident too when I stopped by this outlet on a busy Saturday,  There were lots of folks admiring the different bags, wallets, tech accessories and jewelry.The deals at this outlet store were good! They had different special offers! It was nice to see some of the newest styles offered at a discounted price as well. They even were offering MK lipstick at a special price (I didn't know MK had makeup! So cool!)I did not buy the lipstick, but I did end up with a nice watch in a style I've never seen before. I was happy with my purchase and happy with this store. It's nice to find good deals and different, unique styles that are not easily found elsewhere.
4	Loved this store! I love all MK outlet stores in general but the selection was pretty enormous here compared to others and they had tons of staff to cater to your every need. Not to mention security guards to help you feel safe *cough cough*
5	The minute you walk in someone greets you then as you make your way around, one of the sales associates catches up with you and offers to help. If you only want to look, they provide their name and leave you be, letting you brouse without pressure. I knew what I wanted, went right to the wallets, picked the one I wanted and while I was been escorted to the cashier, my loving husband spoke up and said 'why not pick out a bag as well' I didn't hesitate, went right to it and handed my new handbag to my associate, beaming from ear to ear she helped me to the check out! Good service, quality product, love it!
3	My female companions dragged me into this store helplessly.  I think Michael Kors is yet another designer brand store that charges high prices for their stuff.  The sales associates here were super-attentive, almost stalker like, or was it because we were all Asians.  I swear the minute I pull out my phone, all the staffs started glaring at me suspiciously wondering if I will try to take picture of their products like Chinese pirates and make cheap knockoffs out of them.I suppose if I am a woman and would appreciate their products more...
