4	Ayrsley is a neat little neighborhood that has seen its fair share of businesses come and go. This location especially, has been filled by several Japanese Sushi Restaurants; none of which have lasted. The void left by the last restaurant, Yotto has been filled by, well essentially the same restaurant with a new name and maybe new owner. Difference being though, we might now have a winning formula.While the decor has changed very little, one thing that has changed is the food and prices. I still haven't tried the sushi, but everything on the hibachi isn't too shabby.From what I can tell, the entire restaurant still has the same exact layout. I don't know if there was any remodeling whatsoever. Since it's a lunch oriented fast food style sit down restaurant, there isn't a dire need for aesthetics and stylish furniture. And those costs savings seem to have trickled down to you and I.
3	This little sushi place in Ayrsley is good for lunch.  Friendly and quick service.  The menu is standard and they've got a good enough sushi menu to get by.  Prices are what you'd expect - about $7 for a roll.  They've got other non-sushi dishes too.
3	Good place for lunch. They have a lot of decent sushi options and the staff is really friendly. There is a grill so there are other options like chicken for people who don't like sushi. The prices are very good! $4.00 for a California Roll and they go up from there. They also do takeout which is helpful.
4	This place is great for a good dinner.  The hibachi, although not cooked in  front of you, is very tasty and always served hot.  The onion soup is the best I've ever had and is something that i look forward to when we go.  If you are not feeling well, the soup is a great choice. (I did this a couple weeks ago)The prices are much lower than other Japanese places, but you do no sacrifice quality.  They allow you to customize your order with salad/veggies/noodles/soup/etc so you get exactly what you want. Just a word of warning to not sit by the TV as we've found it distracting.
3	Hello all my fellow Yelpers and Sushi Buffs, this was my first night eating at this restaurant, I arrived there around 8:30pm.  It was moderately full.  I was seated right away.  What I liked best was that you could see the cooking/prep area, it appeared well kept and well organized. I could see every piece of my food being made. I sat at the sushi bar.My waitress was friendly, she smiled, checked on me and came over a couple of times to make sure I had everything I needed and last, asked me if I liked what I had. That was a plus, I tipped her.  I just had water with my meal, but I started out with miso soup.Then I enjoyed a spicy salmon hand roll which consisted of two good slices of salmon, rice, cucumber, avocado and a spicy sauce that resembled hirachi hot pepper sauce but not eye watering hot. The hand roll was good and the seaweed broke off nicely with every bite.  Southside roll, which was flavorless tempura salmon & cucumber, rice side out. It was creative but they could've added a little seasoning to either the fish or the tempura batter and they could've julienne the cucumbers because they were thick. Last I had the Ocean roll which was tuna, crab, roe and cream cheese deep fried & drizzled with spicy aioli. That was good. I'd get it again.Overall I liked the place, the sushi was pretty good. Also most of their rolls were under $11. I would definately go back and tell my friends to check it out. It's a nice date night place too.
3	so I recently starting eating at this restaurant this past weekend  -the location is GREAT I love having  the option of hibachi & sushi for lunch since I work in the business park right across the street! As far a prices its as fair as it gets! they give you a TON OF FOOD and you don't have to feel you paid a arm and a leg for it and its still made with quality and care. I can defiantly see my self coming alot more often
2	It was my first time at this establishment but not my first Japanese experience.  The server was great. However, the food was overcooked.
4	Hello all my fellow Yelpers and Sushi Buffs, this was my first night eating at this restaurant, I arrived there around 8:30pm.  I was moderately full.  I was seated right away.  What I liked best was that you could see the cooking/prep area and it appeared well kept and well organized. I could see every piece of my food being made. I sat at the sushi bar.My waitress was friendly, she smiled, checked on me and came over a couple of times to make sure I had everything I needed and last, asked me if I liked what I had. That was a plus, I tipped her.  I just had water with my meal, but I started out with miso soup.Then I enjoyed a spicy salmon hand roll which consisted of rice cucumber, avocado and a spicy sauce that resembled hirachi hot pepper sauce but not eye watering hot. The hand roll was good and the seaweed broke off nicely with every bite.  Southside roll, which was flavorless tempura salmon & cucumber, rice side out. It was creative but they could've added a little seasoning to either the fish or the tempura batter and they could've julienned the cucumbers because they were thick. Last I had the Ocean roll which was tuna, crab, roe and cream cheese deep fried & drizzled with spicy aioli. That was good. I'd get it again.Overall I liked the place, I would definitely go back and tell my friends to check it out. It's a nice date night place too.
3	At one time we were regulars at Mai. For some reason the service has completely gone downhill and no food is worth bad service. The sushi is fresh and tastes really good. Will probably take a break from Mai for awhile and try it again in the future.
3	Ordered to go. Definitely on the lower end of sushi. Small pieces with very little inside.  If I didn't have one of the "buy 1, get another half off" coupons, I would have been more disappointed.  Other food looked good there but the sushi was lacking. I ordered the Colony Roll and the Charlotte Roll.
3	Very slow service :(Good food .  Will update if I visit again. :)10/22 update:Service was much faster but it wasn't busy around 12:50pm. I looked up my old tip only after ordering, oops! Hope they do better with the rice and salmon.The hand rolled Tomagi plate was great. Good rice, portions, flavor.  Will likely get this again. Good stuff!
5	Great food, great service! They always take care of us and always a friendly atmosphere!  Would suggest to anyone! If you visit- try the Hot Lava...you won't be disappointed.
3	This is a solid go-to sushi location. I've never encountered much of a crowd here, but I've also never had any complaints about either nigiri sushi or sushi rolls.
5	Quality and service are consistently great. The place has not been busy the 5-6 times I have been there for lunch and dinner. And agree the HOT LAVA is the best thing on the menu. Its sushi with a warm seafood casserole on top. Not spicy. Just yummy.
2	The service was ok, but the food was disappointing. Food was very bland and did not have much flavor. I've been to other Japanese restaurants wayy better than this one.
1	We ate lunch here on a 2 week business trip because we were running out of options for a quick lunch that wasn't fast food. This was the worst lunch we had during the trip.  Terrible service and terrible food.  I got the shrimp entree with mixed vegetables of broccoli, mushroom, onion, zucchini and sweet carrot. Absolutely terrible.  I have never had overcooked stir fry before, it was mushy and disgusting.   Shumai dumplings were the worst I've ever had.  My friend had a similiar meal, I think with chicken.  The 3rd party had sushi that she didn't really eat so I'm not sure what the verdict was on that.  On top of the terrible food, it was over priced so we paid $23 each for food that sucked and regretted wasting our per diem there.
2	Mai's is okay. It's just okay. I personally live very near Arsley so it's convenient but if it relocates they won't see me again.
1	Despite some of the reviews I read, I decided to come here for lunch today. I ordered a side of fried rice and some sushi. My side of fried rice came out in less than a minute (which leads me to believe that it is precooked). It was kind of gummy. Finished my rice before my sushi even came out. Ten minutes after I finished my rice, still no sushi. The waitress did not come back to check on me or to tell me how much longer before my order came up. Seeing as how she walked by me several times and saw the empty rice bowl. I finally had to ask, to which she replied oh it's ready. Then proceeded to go do other things. I also asked for eel sauce and was given soy sauce. The waitress brought me my check without ever asking if I need or want anything else. The shrimp sauce was good. I definitely will not come back here.
2	I will admit that I am picky about my sushi, and I was not a fan of what I had here.  I tried a cucumber roll, a vegetable roll, and an avocado roll.  All 3 rolls were extremely dried out from the rice to the veggies.  I have my doubts about whether or not it was prepared freshly.  I've had better sushi from grocery stores where I know it sat in a cooler all day!
3	Mai is okay. Quick, vaguely Japanese food. Not the best you'll ever have, but it's alright. Not the greatest number of vegetarian options, but the ones they do have are alright. Not the greatest service, but it's alright. Essentially, Mai will give you an excellent mediocre experience. Time after time - they're very reliable in that regard. Standard mediocre fast Japanese food. Go for it.
4	This place has some mixed reviews, but my experiences here have been very good.  The sushi has been fresh and tasty, the entrees are delicious and nicely portioned.  The prices are reasonable and the service has always been fast, sit down or take out.  I live nearby and will continue to dine here.
4	I haven't eaten here in over 2 years, but lately I have been weekly. The food is good, full of flavor. I have eaten their sushi for the last two visits and have been impressed with it as well. The best thing is the price. So reasonable!!! Enjoy this little gem.
3	This is very convenient to work and I thought the sushi was pretty decent. I made a substitution from salmon to tuna with no extra charges and everything tasted fresh. The maki rolls are very small;  the price (about $7.50 after tax) plus quantity (8 rolls) led me to believe I was getting a little more than I thought, and I was disappointed when I opened my takeout container. One roll was not filling enough for me for lunch, and a $15 lunch would not be something I would want to swing regularly. I would definitely return if they added some sushi lunch specials.
5	Food was excellent.  Ordered steak teriyaki. Nice clean environment. I was starving and the food came fast. Will visit again!
5	I almost didn't come here bc its only 3 stars but people are giving bad reviews bc the food wasn't made fast enough. This is not a fast food restaurant, this is a sit down, made to order restaurant. Food came fast for us & WE WERE STARVING!!!! Everyone at our table loved their meal, my hibachi was delicious, veggies not overcooked. Nice, clean, quiet, friendly... Managed to even play all my favorite music the entire time, weird!! Dish Nation on the Tele, five star experience.
4	This place is deserving of such a higher rating than 3 stars. Another review mentioned that they almost didn't try it out because of the star 3 star rating and I fell into that category too.  The service was great, the sushi was fresh and well-prepared. I can definitely see becoming a regular
2	After living close to this place for years and never once going to check it out, I finally happened to stop in for lunch now even though I've moved across town.  Go figure.  Anyway, I wasn't missing much based upon my experience there.  It was about noon when I stopped in and the lunch crowd was starting to fill the place up.  I was offered any open table which was nice (there were only a couple available).  The place was full groups of folks that appeared to be mostly from the nearby business park.  I sat myself on down and waited for about 5 minutes before I got my water, and then took a look over the menu.  No lunch specials to be found here which I found extremely odd given that this is obviously a spot that does a lot of business during lunch.... perhaps in a move to try to maximize the profits on the folks that do come in, they don't want to offer specials.  Okay, whatevs.  I ordered up a couple of sushi rolls, which I verbally ordered and then was advised to mark on the paper sushi menu.  That was a bit absurd to me, we're going to waste a whole sheet of paper for me to make 2 marks?!  Fair enough, I followed the sushi ordering rules.   I went with one specialty roll and then a standard spicy tuna.  The place was pretty full, yes, but I watched several other tables that showed up after me get their stuff before I did.  I know sushi can take longer but they had sushi too.  Plus, I was flying solo.  Anyway, the sushi arrived and it was about like everything else to this point, meh.  Lots of white rice on the outside, not a ton of stuff on the inside, and not a lot of taste.  It was pretty inexpensive and, as they say, you get what you pay for.  The whole lunch took about 45 minutes which is pretty long considering that I was by myself. Maybe the sushi isn't their specialty, I don't know.  There are also some other Japanese-ish dishes, hibachi and such. Based upon my overall experience, I was pretty underwhelmed.  My recommendation if you're in Steele Creek looking for good sushi: head a little further down South Tryon to Masa   Sushi.
