5	So this place just BARELY opened up for business and I thought I would test the waters.  I travel to NV once in a while for business and needed a spot to relax while waiting for my flights.  This is like a typical baja bar/grill.  Complete with surfboards hanging, Sammy Hagar memorabilia, and slide shows of his shows down in Mexico.  It was clean, relaxing and modern (just how I like it).  The bartender was great! He drew me a tall Sam Adams and I ordered some nachos (I'll get to those gems in a minute) I don't recall EVERYTHING that was on tap, but it was typical.  Sam Adams, Stella, etc... The Nachos. Oh, the nachos.  I am a fan of the tortilla in any shape or form, and chips are no exception.  Piled high with the typical nacho cheeses, jalepenos, guac, sour cream, etc... But these were no typical nachos...  They had a peculiar flavor to them that I KNEW I had tasted before.  It really was engrossing my mind trying to connect my tastebuds to my memory of that taste.  Then it hit me! Pesto! They had a white, basil pesto drizzled on the nachos and it was amazing! Dare I say, these were the BEST nachos I have ever eaten.  That's a bold statement if you knew how many plates of nachos I have eaten in my life. Very bold.If you are flying into Vegas for ANY reason... Hit this beauty located near Gate C25.  When you are done, you can stop by the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf and get yourself a small Black Forest.  I promise... your life will be complete.
1	My friends and I ate here while waiting for our flight.  I had some chili fries while everyone else had burgers.  I'll start with the chili fries.  They're made with waffle fries and beef.  Someone doesn't know what chili is.  The cheese was sparse and there was a smattering of sour cream on top.  All of this came together to form the worst chili fries I've ever eaten.  The burgers were about as good.  The buns were hard and my friends had to request more which didn't come out much better.  The cheese was congealed and the burgers came with bacon, which they didn't order.  The waiter's response?  "Oh well, at least you don't have to pay for it."If only we all could have been so lucky.
1	This place at the airport is horrible.  I paid $12.00 for a cabo wabo margarita that was plain.  The food is horrible, the service is horrible. Stay away = $53.00 for a lunch and wendys would have been better.  Also there is a bar waiter that talks constantly.  This was not a good experience, I dread seeing it on my VISA in a month!  Save your money !!
1	The decor is OK.  The plasma/LCD screens are OK.  The food and drinks ... F!Are you kidding me? Me and my lady get a burger, chicken sandi, two margaritas, two shots and the bill is $90?  What the?  Should have gone next door to Popeyes Chicken ... Hey Sammy, David Lee Roth was better ... this place sucks.
1	How desperate are you to eat something before boarding your flight?  I think the fast food options like Burger King, Sbarro, and Blue Burrito Grill are better choices in this airport.  This place really stinks. The food is terrible (chum).  The service is equally bad.  Ouch.
2	We were starved and it looked so inviting....Looks can be deceiving. The menu is sparse, okay I get it. But just because it's inside the airport doesn't mean you have to throw quality out the door. Look in my younger days I was in love with Sammy Hagar..haha...But dooode....really what makes you think just because you can sing, you can open a fast foodish restaurant. It was really mediocre and the wait staff, personalities of turnips. My husband says " what do you expect they work at the airport". I say "hey a job is a job, so some enthusiasm that you are getting a paycheck" geez...... Okay I guess it would work in a pinch, when you need some fuel and to rest your weary bones...and they do have cocktails and brews.....
1	This place is not the best. They have a captive audience and they know it. The Sammy's beach Bar & Grill is in the Las Vegas International Airport behind the security checkpoint. I can't stand restaurants that put little effort into their service and food preparation. The service is poor to bad! The food was ok. On this visit they made our food wrong, which by itself isn't all that uncommon.  But what they did after they served it and we said something truly sets them apart from other restaurants..... They told us sorry, and they didn't offer to fix it and then charged us full price for it?! WTF? I am cool with paying for food I ordered, Shit the bill was only like $20 bucks. But if you make the food wrong, admit that the cooks made a mistake. Then say sorry we can't do anything for you, that just doesn't make any sense!? I was tired from the weekend in Vegas or I would have spoke with the manager. I Thought this was just bad form. How can you run a business like this? What happen to making things right?In any other environment/location this type of service wouldn't be tolerated, but since they are at the airport with people who just need to eat and can't go anywhere else I guess it's acceptable. Sammy's shame on you. You should have more class than that!Dino...)'(
4	I am genuinely surprised at the ratings. Sammy's Beach Bar and Grill is an excellent restaurant. Considering it is an airport restaurant, it is then bumped up to REALLY EXCELLENT. The food was good and reasonably priced. We ordered the salad with grilled chicken, chili, and fries. The salad was HUGE and yummy. The chili was perfect: hot, without beans, and had perfect consistency. The chili was served with a side of tortilla chips that were also really good. The fries were flavored with garlic and also had grilled garlic chunks in the pile. It was also topped off with some cheese and seasoning. What I liked most about the food was that it seemed that they actually put effort into it. I liked it, and I wish they had a Sammy's at more airports. if you are in a rush, though, you should try something else. Sammy's is more of a sit-down spot and the food takes a while to come out. When I come back, I am definitely trying the cocktails that looked super satisfying!
1	We were treated rudely upon entering by one waitress, she seemed annoyed we had a nine year-old with us.We had a ninety minute layover, had once been to Sammy's in Cabo, figured we had liked it in Mexico, how bad could it be?It was worse than bad.The burger patty was the quality you might expect at Smart 'N Final. We asked the waitress if the hot dog was "normal size" or one of those extra large varieties, she replied, "Oh, it's just a small, normal sized hot dog"This thing was huge, would make John Holmes blush!Bartender had no clue what was meant by a "vodka straight up". How the hell can you tend bar and not know what "straight up" means?Two cocktails, one burger, one hot dog, one quesadilla, chips and guacamole, $108.00!!Money would have been better spent in a slot machine and I don't gamble.
3	I'm a fan of Cabo Wabo when I'm in Cabo San Lucas, so I got excited that I could get a Wabo'Rita in the Las Vegas airport.  So, I decided to stop in for dinner.I had a burger, and one drink.  My bill came to $30.  Add a 20% tip, and I was at $36 for dinner for one!The food was ok, the drink was great, but it was all WAY OVERPRICED.
2	Don't waste your time or money here. Mediocre food. Just hit one of the better fast food spots in the airport. My "beach salad" was majorly disappointing. My friends got the nachos which were decent but not worth $15. I ended up buying a pizza 2 hours elsewhere I was so hungry. One thing positive: tt looks cool inside.
2	Terrible service. Decent food - better airport quality here!As another yelper put it, how desperate are you at an airport to find something to eat that isn't fast food before you get on the plane? Sammys had horrible service, the server was very rude, which immediately turned me off from the place. Children and families are not very welcome and must sit in this area that feels like you've been voted off the island. It's roped off, and once you are there, it's impossible to get a servers attention!We ordered shrimp chivche, which was really just prawns in salsa. It was served with no chips, in a martini glass, and a styrofoam playe - all which I found odd. It was refreshing and a good light snack.I ordered a cocktail from the bar, it was so awful, I sent it back. They replaced it with a beer, which can't be messed up.My kids had garlic cheese fries whch were an excellet bar snack! The guacamole was canned/made with sour cream, not really guacamole if you ask me. Pro: good salsa!Con: everything else
1	Service was horrible. 10 minutes just to get 2 sodas and water. Another 15+ for a margarita and it wasn't that crowded. I've eaten at the location in the Maui Airport and had a tad bit better service, but this one is definitely a place to avoid if you are anywhere near your flight time. Folks around us were either waiting for their check, waiting for their food/drinks or waiting for their order to get taken.
1	deplorable. someone make the music stop, please.
1	Didn't get served for the 20 minutes I sat at the table, the menu is very short and overpriced for what it described although I couldn't speak of the quality due to not getting served
3	Stopped here for breakfast. It's typical of all airport food, its either frozen or otherwise all pre made food, and it costs way too much! I had the fruit and yogurt plate. Most of fruit was ripe, usually not the case in situations like this. Also, the bowl of yogurt was large, there was no way I could finish. My husband got the breakfast burrito. Which as shown on the menu is just tortilla, eggs, sour cream, salsa, and potatoes on the side. It costs extra for cheese and meat to be added to your plain burrito. The whole this was much better than I expected, the flavor was quite good for airport dinning! I was a little sad at the lack of decaf beverage options. I wanted something warm and decaf, like tea or hot chocolate or even a decaf coffee, and the waitress insisted that they had nothing.
2	Mushroom quesadilla was quite good as far as airport food goes. Limited beer selection and it closes before 7:30! OK experience but I'm tempted try somewhere else next time.
2	Ok food good service BUT WAY TOO EXPENSIVE even for an airport. All I can say is I hope you won while you were in Vegas before you come here
1	Had breakfast here a couple of days ago.  Sat at the counter, and endured a very weak meal of sausage and eggs, served by the most inattentive and stuck-up barkeeper ever.  Bad food, beyond-horrible service, served with a bit of attitude...all while watching an endless loop of images of an overweight Sammy Hagar.  That's an hour (and 30 bucks) I'll never get back...
1	I wish I'd done a Yelp review before stopping at Sammy's on the way home from Vegas.  At first glance, the ambience was good and we were excited to sit down to breakfast prior to our flight.  We like to sit at the bar, because you usually get really good service there.  We enjoyed the slide show of Sammy Hagar and his friends showing on the tv screen over the bar.  At first it seemed ok - we had access to menus which were already on the counter... but then service took awhile.  We noticed that the bartender was a cocky, rude guy who was super excited about being himself - not impressed.  Once I finally got my coffee and drank it, I had to practically wave my arms frantically to try to get him to give me a refill.  The food was "ok", although my boyfriend didn't like his at all.  We will not be going back to Sammy's.
2	Overpriced. Really overpriced. I had a burger and it was an ok burger. I really liked that hot sauce they have there. That's the only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of one. Service was very marginal. Long time on refills and they don't have ranch for your fries so don't ask. Go elsewhere and pay half as much for better food. Did I mention it's expensive?
2	My giant beer was great but pricey as always considering its an airport bar. The quesidilla was gross, guacamole tasted like it was a powder they added water to and plopped it on from a piping bag. Wont eat here every again may just have liquid food.
3	Usually good and friendly service, expensive (airport priced) beer and drinks (not the servers fault!).  Better than sitting at the gate.  Will visit again, I'm sure.Have not eaten here.
2	Why Sammy, Why?  The service here is terrible.  I don't have any Van Halen delussions.  This place sure isn't Panama and it's more like Running with the Devil (Waitstaff).Avoid this place.  Hell, go to Wendy's next door.  At least you know full well the food will suck.  It'll be cheaper too.
1	High prices. Their "Waving Margarita" came with 0 tequila in it. Find a better place to eat in the airport.
2	Quite possibly the worst breakfast burrito I've ever had. Not only was it gross, but they charge extra for bacon and cheese. So for $15, you get a greasy tortilla filled with scrambled eggs, bacon and cheese product. Oh, and a gracious helping of sour cream on top. Bleh!Service was fine - my waiter was perfectly pleasant. But the prices and quality were pretty offensive.Maybe I'd come back for a margarita or chips and salsa? Def not for breakfast!
3	I sit here writing this review trying to remember my time here.  I was at Sammy's for a bachelor party and by this time, I was pretty gone.  I do remember having a pretty potent margarita and somebody ordered some nachos.  Having consumed distilled beverages for about 12 hours at this point, I can honestly say that if they put out stale chips and week old movie-cheese, I would have downed it all in a heartbeat.  The place was lit up like a Christmas tree and people seemed to be having a good time.  You should check it out, cause in Vegas, never know what is going to happen.
3	Very crowded.  The food was good, the staff was nice.  He nicely put 2 tables together so we could all fit.  Being in the airport, it made for a nice little get away from the airport feel.
1	Some of the worst breakfast combined with poor service has made me avoid this place for the rest of my life.
2	Is it my undying love for Sammy? Or perhaps my everlasting addiction to Cabo? I don't know why I continue to eat here so often because this place SUCKS donkey balls! It seems every trip we take (and you know there are tons of them) we end up drinking overpriced Waboritas and eating shitty food at Sammy's Beach Bar and Grill while waiting for our flight. We've tried just about everything on the menu and it all is overpriced and disgusting, including the nachos. If you want to kill time in a bar rather than sitting at the gate, go for the chips and salsa and get a margarita with a double shot of tequila, that way it softens the sticker shock when you get the bill.
3	Not bad for airport fare. Had the Pollo Bocadillo (not sure the spelling). A chicken breast sandwich, grilled with a lot of tasty toppings. Came with fries dusted with a hint of cheese. Felt like an accountant topped my fries, if you know what I mean. If you're going to cheese your fries, then cheese them!!! Came with small cup of avocado. I love avo. I'm not sure how a cup of avo finds it's way to a table in a frozen state, but mine did. Stil, the food was good. Much better than the other fast food choices nearby. Service was OK too.  I would order it again.
1	Out of everything! And there was barely any food selection to begin with. I got a quesadilla. Sub par. Sammy Hagar wasn't even there. I doubt he's ever eaten the food there. I mean it's got Sammy Hagar's name on it, I expected better.
1	If I could give this place no stars, I would. This was the only place with open tables when I got off a long flight and was just looking for a place to sit down. I have seen better food come out of a college dorm microwave. Which is probably where most of this food comes from too, because though there is a window into a semi-open kitchen, there are no aromas of anything cooking, no sounds of sizzling, not even the ubiquitous scent of fryer oil in a place that has french fries on their menu. Everything comes out on microwave safe dishes, as well.... suspect, right? I split some nachos (tostitos style chips with shredded mexi-mix cheese barely melted on top), and a burger (uniform grey color throughout the 'beef' patty, and bacon that had obviously come out of a bag, pre-cooked). My traveling companion and were starving, but we couldn't finish anything. And due to the tepid temperature of everything on the table, we began to wonder if we might get sick later. The only thing that was any good on our table was the cokes. This place should be torn out of the airport.  It's a form of biological war-fare.
4	Apparently Sammy's has the only decent wings in the Vegas airport.  They offer great hot sauce and an interesting tequila lime ...reminds one of jamaican jerk sauce.  Good service though the tattoo'd rock star bartender keeps calling me 'bro' ..which irks me to no end coming from anyone...so fake, but hey, that's Vegas for ya.
4	IDon't understand why Sammy's got so many negative reviews, perhaps it's their foods.However, I never ate here so I am writing for their bar service. Very nice and friendly staffs. They chilled and chatted with you while you are sitting at the bar. Nothing else I will be asking for.
3	We had originally chosen another spot in which to grab a bite to eat before our flight, but when we saw the prices and the mediocre-looking platters, we high-tailed it out of there and headed over to Sammy's. When we sat down, we initially didn't realize that this was Sammy Hagar's place, but my husband was pleasantly surprised to learn where he was. A clock signed by the members of Chickenfoot adorns the doorway to the kitchen, and signed guitars from Michael Anthony and Sammy Hagar are displayed behind the bar. The menu had a very small selection of items, which was a turn off for me. Of course, this may just be an amended menu since it is in the airport. We went with the quesadillas and the chicken fingers with Mad Anthony's sauce and a side of the lime ranch sauce to try. My husband is a fan of ANYTHING spicy. As spicy as you can possibly get it, and it probably still won't be hot to him. Well here, he met his match. Mad Anthony's is made with pimentos and habanero chiles. Nooo thank you, but hubby was lovin' it. The quesadillas were tasty, the tortilla perfectly crispy, the bean sauce was fabulous, and the guac was absolutely out of this world. Overall, a pleasantly enjoyable experience, considering that it is airport food.
3	I think I had the Beach Salad with chicken pre-flight. It was actually pretty good, as the waitress recommended.
4	We had the Spicy Cabo Tini and Ahi Burger.  Wonderful.  Would love the ingredients for the martini and cannot find it anywhere.  Lynn of Benicia, CA
4	Great rocking wings and they are huge. Great food
4	Cold beer and the bartender takes care of bar customers right away. Other than that it's fairly standard. A plus for me, not right at the gates so more easy to get in and out.
1	HOW DO YOU SPELL ABYSMAL? Why doesn't Yelp has negative stars? Sammy's Beach Bar and Grill was the only sit down restaurant at our gate at the LV Airport and at the end of a great vacation, we wanted a nice place to sit down and have our last vacation meal.  Big--- big---- BIG MISTAKE! Just thinking about the meal is making my stomach feel queasy.  This review doesn't have anything to do with the prices at the restaurant ($13 for a sh*tty mixed drink that was mostly ice?) It's about the quality.  We tried what seemed like 2 pretty safety choices: a grilled chicken sandwich and a chicken quesadilla.  The chicken sandwich was served with a sad helping of fries topped with a sprinkling of shredded white cheese. Visually unappetizing (served on a triangular plastic plate in a haphazard way).  The chicken in both dishes tasted like something precooked you would buy in a bag at Sam's.  That's fine if you want convenience and you know what to expect.  Wendy's, Burger King, Popeye's (all choices in our gate that I WISHED we selected instead of Sammy's) can manage to serve a real piece of chicken that doesn't taste like it fell off a Cisco truck-- what's going on with Sammy's? Not only was the food substandard it ended up making me feel funny-in-the-tummy later.  The gift that keeps on giving.   Not only does my experience sour me on Sammy's restaurant(s) but I seriously don't think I'll be able to hear a Sammy Hagar or a Hagar Van Halen song without feeling sick.  Guess someone at Hagar, Inc. hasn't heard of branding.
1	Honestly, I hate to be the hater but the food here was awful and the wait staff was extremely slow.However, I do feel sightly bad because the wait staff, even though slow, were extremely friendly people.  I will not say to avoid this place because they are nice people, just proceed with extreme caution.
3	It's airport food, either owned by or using a famous person's name -- you are going to overpay - just deal with it! If the high prices at the airport bother you... eat BEFORE your come to the airport!Bar service was friendly, and the food was ok. Don't expect the high end experience - but definitely better than most airport joints.
5	This rating is for our server Wanda and the food!!!  She did her best to greet her customers, clear the tables, take the order and serve her customer with a smile.  They are definitely understaffed, and I witnessed a manager reprimand another staff member in front of a crowded restaurant full of customers.
1	Disappointing. At least the profits support Sammy's charity. Dry over cooked cold hamburgers, cold fries (supposed to be spiced?), even the sodas were sub-par. The star is for Sammy and the decor. (do NOT taste the coleslaw...ew). No busboy so tables were dirty and dishes piled up. No system for clearing at all. Hard for the wait staff. :^( Tight space makes everyone schlepping their luggage block aisles, etc.
1	This is poor food and slow service even by airport standards. Had to wait for friends to arrive in Term C & this was the closest (best?) full service options.  The cheese fries were so cold the few pieces of grated cheese in them wouldn't even melt. I was seated next to the pick-up window & had to listen to every server talk trash about their customers. Just all around a poor experience.  If this was anywhere other than an airport, they wouldn't stay in business a month.
1	They received one star from me because you have to give a rating... zero would have been my choice.  The chicken was way overcooked and the nachos were bland. the cheese wasn't properly melted, the pico de gallo and guacamole had no flavor.  The burnt, boring, and overpriced food was only surpassed by the really bad service.  Our server was friendly enough, and having been in food service in the past, I'm pretty patient; however, she never returned to the table to check on our drinks or ask how the food was because we would have sent the chicken back.  And if any of the other servers are around don't bother asking for their assistance, and  don't even try to get the attention of a bus boy - who may just be cleaning the next table over.  After waiting a long while for our server to return so that my daughter could get a refill on her soda, she asked another server, who was just standing around chatting up another server.  Her response:  "Would you like me to get your waitress?"  Um, no, I'd like anyone to get me refill on a simple little soda...apparently too much to ask.  I know this is an airport restaurant, and Las Vegas of all airports, but c'mon!?  The bad food and "you're not my table" attitude was crazy.  On our return flight via Las Vegas, we bought Sbarro's.   The food was as we expected from Sbarro's, yet still better than Sammy's, for a lot less money, and with friendlier service.
1	Holy shit! Just left there and I've never been so frusterated in my entire life. If I could give a zero I would. My mother and I sat there for 15 minutes watching our food sit in the window....took 20 minutes to get her wine...so finally...I went up and got everything myself.  All of the waitresses stand around and ignore the customers and refuse to help eachother run food...fill drinks...etc. Finally I ran my own food and the chicken sandwich was okay but I've had better burgers from mcdonalds! Not a fan!  Wouldn't recommend it!
2	Only place to grab a quick meal and a glass of wine before we flew back to LA. It was meh...Will I go back? Possibly for another glass of wine. Wings were meh...
1	Even by airport standard this place is a complete joke.  I know its a money grab, but even still,  I cant believe the great Sammy Hagar would even put his name on this garbage.The food is gross, the place doesnt feel clean, there are plastic utensils, its way over priced. Just grab a sandwich from a kiosk or eat on the plane or better yet, starve.  Any of these options are better than this complete dump.
1	I would give this no stars if possible.  To start, we walked in & the table we wanted to sit at was soaking we,t from a dirty rag they used to wipe it down, so I asked the bartender (who was just standing there doing nothing but staring into space) if I could have a napkin. All he did was point to the waitress across the room, who was talking to another waitress. All while the bartender was standing next to a huge pile of napkins by the servers station.  All I could say was "wow".So we looked over the menu and decided to order the bacon cheese burger.  First, the burger was half the size of the bun and the bacon looked like they bought it from the same place Wendy's buys there bacon. Actually I 100% would have preferred and would have been more satisfied with Wendy's Bacon Cheeseburger compared to this one. So not only was the burger small & the bacon below par, the bottom bun was soaked in grease! How terrible and disgusting it was. It came with fries which were also soaked in grease & soggy.  Sammy Hagar should be ashamed to have his name attached to this place. You're better off going to McDonalds. You'll feel a lot less ripped off!
1	One star seems generous here. 1. Way over priced, 2. Horrible service, and 3. The food is pretty bad. You could hear the waiters fighting in the back, my soup was semi- warm (and you could tell that they warmed it in the microwave), and my shrimp ceviche was so bad that I didn't even finish it. Sad. Keep walking by to find something better.
3	I think some of the negative reviews here are unrealistic...Let's face it -- if you are eating here you are trapped in Airside C waiting for a flight.  You have no other real choices except fast food.  The place is going to be busy, and the patrons are always in a hurry...  Welcome to an airport restaurant.And, by the way, the plastic utensils are REQUIRED in an airside for security reasons...I had lunch and thought the food was good, and the service was attentive.  The prices are hight, but again -- you are IN AN AIRPORT!I had a better experience than I expected -- so I think 3 stars is appropriate.
1	I know Airport places are generally overpriced but I think that for: a beer, a cocktail and a plate of nachos 45 dollar is way too much...ah ...without mention that we waited almost half an hour...that's unacceptable on an airport location...we had to ask to put the nachos on the to go box...The waitress was very kind but, I am sorry, if you can, don't go there!
1	The only good thing about this place was our server by the name of Dawn.  I do not know how she does it. The place is a zoo, but she is able to keep all the animals calm.
2	Sammy's Beach Bar and Grille is unfortunately pretty typical of airport fare; overpriced previously frozen food and less than stellar service. With all of that being said my wife and I hit this place with a high level of frequency when flying out of McCarran. Why you ask? The Waborita! As pedestrian as the nachos and chili-cheese fries may be, the over-priced Waborita is pretty darn good. You may want to sit at the bar though, as service is brutally slow at this location.  Sammy's does do a lot of charity work in the community which makes a stop here slightly more palatable. So if you're a little early for your flight suck it up and have a Waborita. As expensive as it may be, it's a pretty good drink.
1	Don't eat here, go for the $8 slice of pizza down a little farther. No stars
3	Typical bar & grill type fare, but here you will be entertained/mystified by a never-ending rotating slideshow of images of the great Sammy Hagar, from his solo days to Van Halen to his slow melt into obscurity, lending his name to generic restaurants around the globe Guy Fieri-style.  Burgers, wings, sandwiches, quesadillas.  The sole salad choice is of the Southwestern chicken variety.  Vegas hangover food while you wait for your flight, and nothing more.  The service is decent and they have a full bar.My traveling mate had a Bloody Mary and I enjoyed a mimosa; I did not enjoy dropping $30 for those two items.
2	I would round up to 2.5, but "A-OK" is a bit too strong.Here's the deal: it's a place to grab food and/or drinks while waiting for your flight.  There's no way the food is going to be great, the ambience will be amazing, or the service to be stellar.  I'd be a bit happier if the tables were slightly more clean, but hey, maybe I'm asking for too much.  What I did appreciate is that there actually was some flavor in the food.  Jim G. and I shared the Eggs with Queso Fresco and, while the amount of said queso left me wondering why it was part of the name of the dish, the flavor of the jalapenos and the spicy tomato salsa on top surprised me.  There was plenty of food there, as they give you a ton of these lukewarm potatoes and a tortilla.  Our server was nice, but too busy and therefore not all that attentive.  Food took a bit longer than I'd like (especially at an airport) and it took a bit too long to get our check.  It's in the airport; I don't expect a ton. You shouldn't either.
1	Save your money and hit the Wendy's next door. I certainly wish I did.This place is awful!  I rarely say that but it really was!  Our flight was delayed so we decided to hit up Sammy's for a quick meal.  There wasn't any signs so we seated ourselves.  Immediately we were approached saying that kids cannot sit in the bar area (I felt very far from the bar btw) and we had to sit upstairs.  Upstairs???  A foot away and up a 6 inch step up.  Um I beg to differ on the stairs comment.  But whatever we will go with it.  We get seated and order a couple drinks.  We weren't super hungry so we shared the Chips with Guacamole and a Burger with fries.First off, the chips were straight up obvious out of a bag...and cold and stale.  The salsa and guac had to have been from a jar because I couldn't imagine them making anything homemade here. Both totally bland but we ate about half of it.  Definitely a disappointment.  The burger was a "build your own" and we ordered it with carmelized onions $1.50 and jack cheese $1.50.  There was like two strings of onion (for that price?) but the burger was ok overall.  The fries were cold.  The best part was this coleslaw on the side that looked like they got it out of the gutter.  It was yellow-brownish and literally the serving was the size of a tablespoon.  We laughed at how small the serving size was...maybe they didn't want us to get us sick?!!  So gross.The wine and the "Can't Drive 55" drink both $13+ were a bit overpriced.  Ya think?  I know I know-its airport mark ups.  What do you expect?  I wasn't picky - I was going on a mini vacay!I think the whole time we were there we only heard one Sammy song.  I definitely will choose somewhere else the next time.  I've never been disappointed with anything I've gotten from the airport until now.  Sammmay!  This place is a hot mess.  A definite need for some tender loving care and some pride in your food.BTW I have been to his Cabo Wabo on the strip and have always been happy with everything I've ordered there.
1	0 stars. The Service here was completely subpar. Not friendly in any meaning of the word. Felt like I was being rushed to leave the entire time. They were even rude enough to put breakfast glasses on my table (I was eating dinner at 8pm) in an effort to hurry me along. The one and only salad was mediocre, but drenched in dressing. Yuck!
1	Blah overpriced airport food...how can you mess up a quesadilla and salad??  Better stick to the tequila Sammy!
3	so bummed.........stopped in for a rum (Pirat) and Ginger before a flight.I realize Pirat is a call Rum, but $14.50 for 1 cocktail!!!!!!!!!!!!Made me feel used for sure, be reasonable.Sammy I am sure you will say a vendor runs it at the airport, but after all it has your name on it.
3	This is a nice and clean place and close to security.  Further down the other places are order out or very small.We ordered two hamburgers and large Fugi waters and the bill was $40.00!  So be aware!
2	Cool decor and slide show with excellent pictures of Sammy Hagar.  Unfortunately, this is where it ends.Ordered the burger melt and a draft.  Beer was fine, burger lacked tremendously.  Biggest shocker was the bill - $10.59 for a draft?  I thought it was an error but it wasn't.If you don't expect much, then you'll be okay.
4	I thought the food was pretty good for being a restaurant inside an airport. we were happy to find a decent sit down establishment while we waited for our flight. I Had the chicken cobo basically chicken tenders with fries and it was pretty good. I didn't care for the coffee it tasted weired. My wife had the burger which she thought was good.
1	Find some where else to sit and eat prior to your flight. I have tried it twice thinking maybe their lunch would be better than their breakfast but it was all terrible
1	Nicole is the worst server! She was condescending, rude, slow, unhelpful, I could go on and on. The food was very greasy. I ordered a cheeseburger that showed up with no cheese. My boss had a been and the orange that came with it was old and slimey. Bottom line low quality food, terrible service. NEVER GO HERE
4	Well, they sure are friendly.But speedy they are not.  The food that is, I wouldn't suggest stopping in if you're in a hurry but if you have some time to kill, the decor is nice and they don't rush you.We had breakfast, the burrito is pretty good sized and the potatoes were crispy.  The yogurt and fruit plate was actually good sized as well.  Food was good, the pico on the burrito was sweet rather than spicy, but no complaints otherwise.  Solid 3 stars for the food.  5 for the service.
4	Hit the spot and what's funny is that they are the most reasonable thing I paid for in Las Vegas. I had a wrap and it was delicious. Great service too!
2	Wait staff is good, friendly and fairly speedy.The food, however...GAH.  There aren't many places to eat in Terminal C so I'm assuming that's why they're still in business.  How do you mess up guacamole?  Cardboard-like chips.I've been meaning to write this review for years and now that you can from my phone, they thoroughly deserve a two star rating.
2	Wait staff is good, friendly and fairly speedy.The food, however...GAH.  There aren't many places to eat in Terminal C so I'm assuming that's why they're still in business.  How do you mess up guacamole?  Cardboard-like chips.I've been meaning to write this review for years and now that you can from my phone, they thoroughly deserve a two star rating.
1	The service was ABSOLUTELY, HANDS DOWN, THE WORST I have ever experienced! The menu had about five things on it. Not good for breakfast. The food  items that we ordered was the fruit and yogurt, eggs and hash browns. They were both revolting! My wife spat the food back onto the plate. The neighboring table next to us agreed with the problem with the lack of good food let alone food. They had no bagels or toast because of no toaster. They had eggs and hash browns and the yogurt with the fruit I mentioned before. Although it is Sammy's restaurant, he should NOT be playing his loud, overbearing music especially in the mornings. Do not eat here. Anywhere else in the airport is better than this.
2	The burger was pretty good- the service was disappointing. Our waitress looked like a vegas dancer but had the attitude of a grumpy old bar maid. Tables are packed like sardines and the R&R music is great but a little too loud....the burger was tasty...the iced tea was cold:) The fries were meh...not very fresh & nothing to write home about.
1	With a hour delay, we ventured from Gate B to Gate C, the Southwest mecca and were drawn to the outside of Sammy's which caught our eye.   Things quickly went downhill after.Service was slow but hopefully the food would make up for it.  We got a bacon cheese burger which was 13.50 but worse than a 2 dollar burger at your nearby fast food joint.  It was worse than your elementary school burger with the exception that it was topped with lettuce, tomato, and bacon. The so called breakfast wrap for 9.99 was filled simiply with egg.  Overall i felt robbed - in fact i think i would have felt better if someone held me up for 25 dollars then i could eat my miseries away after with enjoyable food.Do yourself a favor and dont come here EVER.  Wendy's, Poepyes, and Villa Pizza is a few steps down and you'll pay 30-40% less and get better food.
1	Ordered drinks, waiter was in a rush to get us out moment we sat down. Had to send one drink back twice because there was something weird floating in the drink (dirty ice?) third time was not the charm, zero alcohol in drink. waiter new it was a BS drink because he didn't flinch when we told him there was nothing in the drink. Sammy would not be proud, he needs to drive faster than 55 to come back and get this place in order.
1	I paid $14 for a burger with fries that are cold and saggy, there was no flavor in the burger but sweet grilled onions, i had to take my order to go, and none of the servers would help me out cuz they thought no table to no tip am sure, but i ended up tipping the guy who cleaned up the tables i think it was the shift manager too ( weird)  who was the only one who would listen to me and took care of my order!!! Never eating there again. Oh ya am an employee at the airport and i never rated a food place before so thats shows you how bad this place could be.
1	After a cancellation and 3 delays we had some time on our hands and a thirst for a calming Bloody Mary. This place was the closest to our gate, so in we went. BIG MISTAKE!!!! Completely bland, I'm not even sure there was alcohol in them and with the tip, they were over $30 for 2 of them.  I know airport drinks are never a bargain. But seriously $15 for a friggin Bloody Mary. I only wish I had checked out Yelp before we went. Never again.
2	As others had mentioned, it was just ok. Needed some food during a long layover, so it did the job. Nothing spectacular. Nice slide show of Sammy though, and nice memorabilia.
1	Worst food ever!!!! Nachos were disgusting, cheese sauce was cold. If you could pull it out of a can, they use it. Nothing was fresh...ugh! Chicken fingers were cheap frozen fingers you find at low end fast food places. Save your money!!!!! Burger King would have been a better choice.
4	Nice relaxing place between flights with descent food! Friendly waitress and my only thing wrong with it; Need a Hostess!
1	I just paid $29 plus tip for one of the worst burgers I've ever had.  (Cost includes a cocktail) The burger  meat was dry and tasteless, the seasoned fries were not seasoned and they were cold.  The service was awful too.  I would have babe better off at Burger King!  Don't waste your time or money!
2	We ate here on our way out of the city.  I thought there'd be decent food here but this adds to the perception that airport food is not that good.I really don't have much to say except that if you're on your way out, don't stop by here.
4	Got a surprisingly good salad here while laid over, and the prices were only a little bit airport-jacked -- it wasn't nearly as expensive as I feared it would be.  Service was a little slow for us; but I heard the couple at the next table mention that their flight was in 40 minutes, and they got their meal pretty quickly, so don't hesitate to speak up if you've got a quick connection.  It's in the middle of the B concourse.  Seating is a little tight, and the music is too loud (to fit in with the Sammy Hagar Cabo-Wabo theme, I suppose.)  Still, one of the better choices if you're going to be hanging out at the airport for a while.
3	2.75 stars.Go for the drinks.  The food is forgettable.Soggy fries.  An ok burger.  The best part is the crispy breading on the chicken tenders.Unfortunately McCarran has a lousy selection of airport eateries.
