5	I just moved to Phoenix and found these therapists online. I went in to see Trina this weekend and was so impressed I had to make sure to add them to Yelp as soon as possible. I chose Rustic Sage because I have always had good luck with massage therapists who work at places that only do massage. When I lived in Chicago, I went to Urban Oasis, when I lived in Boston, I went to Inman Oasis (not affiliated) and here in Phoenix, my choice is Rustic Sage. These women are exclusively there to work on your body in a serious way. This is not a salon or even a beauty spa kind of place. Instead, it's about healing yourself physically and mindfully. Trina, my therapist, genuinely wanted to help me feel good so I can maintain peace of mind. If you're the kind of person who is looking for someone to help you figure out why your back hurts or what the source of that knot in your shoulder is, this is a great place to go. I have been seeing massage therapists for a long time and never received the kind of treatment before that I got from Trina. She helped me work out the pain in my hips and my IT band and afterwards even showed me some exercises to do in-between appointments. I also like this place because it's not *too* Zen. I like the nature theme and the peaceful lighting but it's not cluttered or too homey. It's clean, modern, and when I visited I immediately felt calm and quiet. Trina and Wendy told me that they're moving to a new space (the Fifth Avenue Downtown Scottsdale address) on September 11. They're having a grand opening and will soon have more therapists; they'll add yoga classes as well. As I left my appointment I met the yoga instructor, who was coming in to see Trina for a massage. She told me about the classes and seems like a truly smart, kind, down-to-earth person to take a class from. I'm definitely signing up. Having just moved here I can't believe how lucky I am to have found this place! Very highly recommended.
3	I live for yoga. It doesn't matter that I'm doing Bikram Yoga up in Paradise Valley, I stopped in Rustic Sage today to check out their holistic healing haven. The lobby is really relaxed with open space, a couple loveseats and a really friendly receptionist, Melinda. She happily showed me the yoga space, where many types of yoga classes take place as well as gong meditation on Sundays and special workshops.  The Yoga center offers complimentary mats, blankets, wedges, bricks, sandbags and eye pads, something i have never experienced anywhere.  Classes are $15 for a drop in and $120 for a 10-class pack. You can also have Deep Tissue, Relaxation, Pregnancy and Thai Massages here, as well as Reiki, Hypnotherapy, and something called CranioSacral Therapy. Frankly those treatments seemed pretty expensive to me, at $90 for 60 minutes.  Melinda seems to love working there, and for me that is one of the most important indicators to how a business runs.
4	I went to Rustic Sage for a massage last week.  Wowza......great, great experience.  I'm very picky when it comes to massage.  I used to be a therapist and I've had a lot of massages.  Robert was my therapist and this guy knows what he is doing.  The table was comfortable, the lighting was great, the music (Wah!) was relaxing, not too low and not too high.  He talked to me about what areas I wanted him to focus on and he listened!  That's a big one for me.  The lobby decor is lovely, very inviting, minimal yet warm and comfortable.  The person at the front desk was very friendly - I plan to go back for more massages and I'd like to try a yoga class there.  I highly recommend Rustic Sage!
5	Rustic Sage Massage Therapy in 5th Avenue area of Scottsdale, AZIncredibly beautiful and tranquil space for yoga, massages, and other healing activities.  My mother swears it is the best massage she has ever had.  I loved it and will go back next time I am in town.
4	Thai massage as good as a spa!
