4	My sister was married here on July 2nd and it is a lovely catholic church. The ceremony was beautiful.  The coordinator was helpful.  Plenty of parking but kind of a far walk.
5	Nice church!
5	This church is very nice.  Parking is not bad either.  On Sunday, there is a life teen mass at 5:30pm where there are many church goers.  It's different than the typical mass because there are alot of singing.  Remember the "Proclamation of Faith" prayer?  Well it's super short here and it's a song.  Instead of being 45 mins or so mass, it's 1.5 hr long.  I enjoy coming to this church.
5	I have came here for Christmas mass multiple times when visiting and always loved how beautiful this church was. Even at midnight mass, when you are tired from the hustle and bustle of Christmas, their choir is upbeat and there is lots of singing which keeps you engaged instead of falling asleep. This church is one of the nicer churches that I have been to.
5	LOVE THIS CHURCH St. Thomas More (STM)! for so many reasons..to name a few, I absolutely love their choir! They sing so beautifully and with passion. The choir hosts an annual Sounds of Christmas and sing a bunch of Christmas songs to get you into the Christmas spirit! Not only on Christmas, but all masses where there is a choir, they sound amazing! The partitioners and faculty is helpful and assist you with the best way they can. If you're looking to be apart of the community, they offer Thanksgiving outreach, host Family Promise,  numbers and numbers of meetings and for all ages! The church offers child care during all Sunday masses  for ages 1-5th birthday, that's enjoyable and helpful for parents that would like to focus on service than chasing their child(ren) down the aisles! I have attended 3 weddings at STM and the service is simple and beautiful! See ya on a Sunday! ;)
5	The choir is awesome and the priests give very nice homilies. The place is always clean and the sound system setup is great so that you can hear the procession from any seat in the church. This church holds thousands of people and many people are friendly at this parish. Even when the St. Francis of Assisi opened up nearby. I heard people went there but came back because there was a sense of family and community that gathers at St. Thomas More. They have a huge parking lot which also is nearby a shopping center where overflow park. What I also like about this church is when you walk your way to the front during the spring time, the trees flanking the path have beautiful pink blossoms that smell really nice. Regular attendees will know what I'm referring to. This is the best church in Clark County/Vegas/Henderson if you ask me and I'm willing to drive to it from the other sides of town.
5	Friendly, warm & inviting. Has many programs that help those in need. Whenever we are at our vacation home in Vegas, this is our church of choice!
5	Wow wow wow! This is by far the best experience I've had attending a mass! So we attended the Sunday 5:30 mass which is the teen mass, very lively indeed! You have to experience it for yourself. If I lived here, this would be my parish. A W E S O M E !!!
4	Nice place to meditate and pray to god. I normally go every morning m-f mass if offered daily at 8:30am. At 8:00am they do the rosary before they start mass. It is held in the small chapel. Confessions is offered every Saturday at 3:00pm and there is mass to follow after that around 4:30. Otherwise Sundays they offer mass at 8:00am 10:00a, 12:00pm and they have the LIFE TEEN mass at 5:30pm They also have a gift shop located at the community  center building where you can buy all the rosaries, prayer booklets etc etc. My family and I have been a member for St. Thomas More for over 15 years and this roman catholic  church is a great church to worship.
5	We decided to make this our home church after trying various churches in the area for a year. We like the times: mass is 8am, 10am, 12pm and 530pm on Sundays. Traffic isn't too bad. I always back in for a quick exit...The priest gives his homilies in English with easily relatable stories. Beautiful church and choir. And the people are friendly! With a good mixture of the young and elderly and everyone in between. found out they are starting a new 18-30y/o group. So were looking to join in with that!
5	I really found a home at this place.  I enjoy going here and also enjoy volunteering!a.  Mass times - 8, 10, 12 and 5:30 pm on Sunday.  The 5:30 is call the Life Teen Mass.   This mass is much more musical.b.  Location - Easy to find on Wigwam and Pecos with plenty of parking and in and out from the three exits and entrances.c.  People - All the faculty of the church and the helpers and volunteers that make up the church leadership you can see at so many of the masses.  This is a true community. Everyone is accessible, friendly, and caring.d.  Life Teen - I have three kids though this program and what an amazing program it is.  While you have your normal catechism classes for all grades, the Life Teen seems to be in sync and a part of the catechism.  The teens go through retreats, off-site retreats, weekend retreats and other special events where the message is giving, learning, bonding, sharing, and being able to deal with their issues in a supportive environment. The Parents volunteer to cook and prep at all these events. It is truly an inspiring event.  To see the leaders and volunteers not only give so much but to also lead so effectively is so awe inspiring and motivating me to do more.e.  Catechism Classes - Love it. It is not easy to be catholic with all the religious education that is required.  However, I find it important to know more our religion that the obvious Sunday Mass. Also, I find it to be a right of passage and very important. Here the classes are top notch and some are parent mandatory so that we are learning what the kids are learning during important parts of the educatoin...f.  I started here with Father Dan who was such an inviting and humorous leader.  Father Mike and Bob are also great although Father Mike retired, he has come once in a while as a guest priest. Father Bob is great and always has some jokes. Father Pat is amazing as the leader and he is totally the best.This is a great church. The music is great, the teachings are fundamental and the impact is powerful.  Check it out!
4	I'm not catholic and enjoyed the mass at the Sunday evening time. That counts for something!
5	I've been going to St. Thomas More since I was in elementary school and now I still go even as a UNLV rebel. I love how honest the priests are and there really isn't any BSing. One of our preists did go to rehab for alcoholism but instead of lying to us about it and covering it up, the truth was told to us and now that he's back, he's better than ever. The religious education program is amazing, me saying this as a former student and then teacher, and the Life Teen program is a great way for teenagers to get connected to the faith. The Catholic Church has gotten some bad light upon it, and St. Thomas More makes it clear that a church isn't a museum for saints but a hospital for sinners. Our priests aren't perfect and divine beings but they are perfect for the imperfect congregation. I never want to leave this church. [=
5	Beautiful church that you can tell the members take care of. I recently moved here and was looking for some place warm and I have to say when I walked in I was  a bit intimidated by the size and the amount of people but by the end of mass I was in love. The music is so beautiful, the singers are passionate, you can hear it in their voices. That's a big part for me, I like to sing along at mass. The mass was wonderful and the community was so welcoming. They have greeters at the door which is a nice touch, makes you feel that one on one connection. The priest stays after to chat with members and all in all it is just amazing. I look forward to mass.
5	I LOVE this church and the community!!! I've been going since 2006 and it was needed for me to heal my brokenness. Father Pat is truly an inspiration and when he preaches its always something that hits home. the Music is amazing! Lisa does a great job as the music director. Although I'm not involved, they're are a lot of parishioners who are and you can tell it's just a big family. I love their Teen mass at 530pm Sundays!
5	St. Thomas More is my #1 choice of a catholic church. I been with this church for 17 years and I wouldn't trade it with another one. The location is very convenient, it is easy to find by pecos and wigwam. The parking lot is spacious except when it's holidays, such as, easter, christmas, etc. everyone starts going for those days. The mass takes about 1 hour on sunday mornings and afternoon and if you decided to go the teen mass on sunday at 5:30, it's about 1 1/2. It very lively during this time. It's more for teens.
5	I really like this church. Very beautiful and serene. I enjoy going to the youth mass on Sunday at 5pm. The choir is absolutely amazing and makes the service more lively. My go to church for any service in Vegas.
5	I love this church. It's clean, spacious, modern and close to my house. I attend the 530 mass on Sunday evenings. It's more upbeat, has livelier music and is catered toward a younger crowd. Before mass, there are always announcements on volunteer work or how we can help the community. After mass, the priest stands outside to greet everyone or to bless anyone that needs the spiritual assistance. I recommend arriving at least 15 minutes early to mass because it does fill up quickly. As long as I live in Vegas, this will be my #1 church.
