1	To the owners: Time to close up shop, sit in the corner of a cold, dark room and curse the day you ever thought it was a really super awesome idea to open a shortbus version of Chipotle.
5	I disagree with the other reviewer. This place is MUCH better than Chipotle or Qdoba. Fresh ingredients, attentive staff, and a clean dining area. Far more choices too than the other, more well known franchises.  Check it out. You won't be disappointed.
3	It's not bad. It is also hit and miss. Tonight,  the food was not very warm and the chicken was dry. Last time I was there it was better.  For what it cost, it was filling and not horrible. That said, pancheros on the west side is better. They make fresh tortillas. The tortilla I had tonight was warned up, but still a little stiff.  I think they could do better. Even just rotating the good they have on hand would help. If it's a slow nigh, having a whole line up of ingredients sitting sort of sucks.  Better than subway next door.
3	This is another one of those places where it is what it is.  Don't come in thinking it's the be-all, end-all and you'll be fine.  It's basically like Qdoba or Chipotle.  There's nothing overly special about it, but nothing wrong with it either.I got a chicken burrito.  It was really good.  I liked it.  It was overloaded with toppings.  I can't hate.  Was it beyond expectations?  No.  But it was solid and I didn't feel like I overpaid.  I'll go back in the near future.  Oh, and try the Boylan's Root Beer.  It was unique and good, if you like root beers.
4	I llike this place. I've heard it called the Subway version of Mexican food, which is pretty true. You get in line and order your basic item (burrito, tacos, other things) then customize it as you sidestep down the counter. One thing to remember: you get a lot of food. Last time I got a burrito and ate the whole thing and regretted it. Not because it wasn't good, but because I was like a python that had eaten a wildebeest. The food isn't fancy, but I don't think it's any worse than Pedro's, and for a lot less money. Also, you can drink beer! I love a fast-food place where I can booze it up. The people who work there tend to be a mellow bunch, which I also like.
3	Similar to Chipotle or Pancheros. I'm sure devotees of those two places can tell the difference if they ate here, but I can't. Overall, it was good food that filled me up at a reasonable price. Definitely good for a quick lunch or dinner. A good substitute for Chipotle or similar if you're in Sun Prairie.
2	Many companies try to copy the Chipotle model and fail. Burrachos isn't bad food, but comparing it to Chipotle is unfair. This is similar to comparing McDonalds to Red Robin. Sure, they both have burgers and fries, but the similarities end there. Same with Burrachos and Chipotle. The caliber of the food isn't the same.You order at the counter, starting with your basic dish. In my case, I went for the burrito bowl. They asked what kind of rice I wanted, and my choice was brown or white. I chose the brown as it is the healthier choice. I knew the Chipotle model was not being copied as soon as the rice was being dished up. Rather than some scoops of rice, the rice was measured out into a thin layer meant to cover the bottom of the plate.I was then asked if I wanted beans or vegetables. I went with black beans. Again, rather than getting a decent scoop of beans, they were measured out and placed atop the rice. Same for the meat. Same for the salsa. Same for the cheese.The taste and texture of the food could best be described as "fair." My ground beef tasted overly seasoned and dry. That's a personal preference, as I know some people will prefer that, and I can't fault Burrachos with it. The rice was crunchy in some areas. That is something that should never happen. Properly-cooked rice should always be soft and never crunchy.It is easier to suggest the restaurant model more closely matches Subway, where everything is measured down to the wire versus Chipotle, where portions are scooped out and unmeasured.The price was in the ballpark of Chipotle, Qdoba and similar-modeled restaurants.
