3	Stopped in here for lunch today. It's located in the bar/patio area outside between Prado and the pool. Kinda bummed that three of the four wicker chairs at the table had bird poop on them. Would it be too tough to keep them clean? All the dishes on the menu looked like they are made with top quality ingredients. I had the beef machaca burger and the garlic french fries. The burger was made with braised short ribs which were tasty, moist and very tender. Since everything is a la carte, it was kinda pricey. $14 for the burger, $7 for the fries and $4 for the iced tea. Total bill with tax and tip for one person came to $31.  Ouch.P.S. What does ROQ stand for?
4	Was already a fan of the Montelucia resort and now the new patio restaurant, ROQ, has just opened. Great vibe and friendly staff. We are in the perfect time of the year to be outside. Great drinks and good food. We have just returned from Spain and would love a more Spanish themed "tapas" menu, being outside on a patio lends itself to snacking.
4	OK, I am largely a fan of ROQ because of the Friday Night Summer Long Concert Series.  Awesome!  I will go almost anywhere to hear live music, especially when it is free.  Be warned, you may need to call ahead and reserve a table because the place is packed!While I was waiting for the concert to start, I ordered fish tacos and a white sangria.  The tacos were very good but way overpriced.  I have to say that I expected as much; it is a hotel, after all.I am going again this Friday...'nuf said.
5	Great comfort food and fast!  The service was one of the best experiences I've had.  The food was delicious!  My favorite items were the tacos (pork and carne asada), frozen grapes and OHHH the garlic fries with ranch!  The alcoholic beverages were great and had plenty of liquor!I was staying at the hotel to get away for a few days and the poolside serices at ROQ made my stay so much more enjoyable!  David Rudolph was there every afternoon to make sure I had everything I needed or wanted.  One afternoon at the pool, I was over taken by a large group, so David placed me in a more private area so I could relax and enjoy myself.  Now that is above and beyond!!  Thank you to David Rudolph and the staff at ROQ!
4	I would love to say that the prices are high but I'm at a resort. What do I expect?  I was shocked to see that carne asada tacos were going to set me back $24. Then we had to have them every day of our vacation. I guess that says they are worth it. My wife said they are the best nachos she has ever had and that is coming from a girl that doesn't really care for red meat. I have to agree with her. We also had to have their famous fries which were quite good and probably the best value on the menu but we usually just ordered the nachos.  They are that good. Cucumber smash is a drink that I had to order every day as well. There is just something genius about Bombay Saphire, with a muttled cucumber, lemon and a splash of soda.
4	Cool, outdoor pool bar at the Montelucia resort.  Good service, great scenery/view and great cocktails!
5	I love this place, even though it's pricey... but it's good people watching *cough* hot women *cough*  The drinks are pricey (hotel pool bar), but great food... try the onion petals and try the different variety of fries... THE BEST.  The burgers are good, the tacos are great, basically I love this place and would eat here everyday if my wallet could afford it.  On Friday nights during the summer they have a live band playing outside, it's a great time and all the cougars of Scottsdale come out, so again, GOOD PEOPLE WATCHING.  I'm waiting for the Housewives of Scottsdale soon.  If you're in the area or staying at any nearby resort, come by on one of their Friday summer nights... or just any other time around the mid-day pool time.  Also, try the "vitamin C" drink... refreshing, goes down like juice and very potent.  They also have misters, so if you get really hot by the pool, just walk over there. ENJOY!
3	We had a quick lunch here while waiting for our room to be ready. Overall, it was fine, your typical hotel cafe. It's nice that i was outside, but fully covered, and right by the pool so good people-watching.We just shared the chicken fingers, which were pretty good, with the shoestring fries (didn't love the truffle aspect, I've had much better) and then we got the frozen grapes, which were literally a bunch of frozen grapes - a huge bunch. So for $6 it was actually decent value and they were very refreshing on the hot day. Overall, I'd say 3.5 stars. Everything was good enough, but nothing amazing, which I wasn't really expecting. The hotel itself is great though!
