4	Good Indian food.  I would love to try the "super buffet" which boasts 45 items, and is available Friday, Saturday, and Sunday night.  If you are ordering off the menu, be sure to print the discount coupon off the website!
3	Quite good.  I was here with a group of amigos for the Sat. evening buffet.  Good and wide selection but marked down for not-too-fresh veggies at 7 pm: this should be the prime time!  On the other hand the breads (amazing) were as fresh as could be.  overall this is a solid, though not outstanding, choice for Indian.
4	so, first things first:1. i'm a visitor from the west coast but lived on the east coast pretty mch all my life so I do know what good Indian food should taste like, unlike the crap we get on the west coast2. we had the buffet sunday night3. we'd only had nasty airport food since the morningNow, even though you'd think ..airport food...maybe thats why she's appreciating this a whole lot....to the contrary...that may be a factor, but not the factor..food was awesome, not too greasy, and very flavor ful, also surprizingly had chaat, my fav panipuri. I'm not sure where the "45 item" came in? i didn't see that many...we had:-panipuri-some salad, and the most awesome red colored onion chutney -naan-basmati rice-gobi aloo-bhindi masala-butter chicken-chili paneer-dosa-idli-sambarall of it was d-e-l-i-s-h..very authentic and very very good...great service, great food, great price...wknd dinner buffet for 2 for 26 including tax?? damn you can't beat that..  then again i'm used to paying 19.95 per person fora dinner buffet u stand in wait for 45 mins, and end up having to eat south indians trying to cook north indian food..and fudging up every dish..ok enough venting - eat here, its good.
4	I am a recent fan of Indian food and have only had three places that serve it and no expert on the matter. As such, I would say this is very good and the staff is very helpful. This was my first Indian food experience and I have came back on many occasions. I always come for the lunch buffet (M-F 11-2:30, S-S 12-3) and they always have a big selection. They boast that they have 45 items which I am sure includes the condiments because there are usually only 10 main dishes (50% vegetarian). The Naan is some of the best I have had.They have a big menu for lunch or dinner (Tandoor, Chicken, Lamb, Seafood and Vegetarian).  If you have never had Indian food I would highly recommend this place for your first meal.
3	Being Indian, I know what 'real' Indian food should taste like.  That being said, I gave Jaipur 3 stars because I can tell they put ready-made flavor powders, instead of a roasted and ground combination of spices that we do at home.  In any case, I am a repeat patron here and will continue to be as long as I crave Indian food outside my home.I always go for the buffet, just cause I like to have a little bit of everything they have.  We have come to know the owners very well over the past 4 years that Ive lived here.  I also know when the regular chef is off, because I can immediately tell the watered down or off tasting curries.  Good food, good service, very weird seating arrangement and also location is a bit questionable.  Sandwiched between a bi-lo and a sally's beauty supply.
1	If you want bad Indian food sprinkled with spotty service & a side of awful decor, then this is the place for you. I still don't understand why people return here for food. Inconsistent quality of food & service. I wouldn't eat here even if it was free.
3	I liked Jaipur.  The lunch buffet had plenty to choose from for my taste and $9.  I especially enjoyed the fried vegetable samosas with tamarind chutney.  Those were some fine samosas - crunchy on the outside and rich in the middle.I didn't try the meat dishes - I was on a fiber blitz.  The vegetarian dishes that I did try included a kidney bean dish that was a new try for me and tasty, a ground eggplant dish that I also liked, and a slightly bland cauliflower and potato (gobi aloo) dish.  I added some of the near-perfect onion chutney to the latter.I liked the relatively low salt content of this food.  It was refreshing.  I also endorse the condiment bar.  They even had a dish of raw chilies.Not perfect, but worth the money.  The man working the front of the house (a part-owner?) was friendly and helpful.
3	Great Indian food. Interior's a bit unattractive. Service is average. Location is alright. I would go again for dinner food.
4	Great Indian food. I had the buffet here for dinner tonight. I have eaten at several Indian restaurants in Charlotte and I feel like Jaipur has the best food.  Most of the dishes on the buffet had a good amount of flavor.  The atmosphere leaves a little to be desired, but I see food as much more important.
5	Love it here. Bit of a hole in the wall, but the dinner buffet is really good. Everything is reasonably priced. I think I have tried every Indian restaurant in Charlotte and this is the best one so far!
2	The first time we ate here, about a month ago, we found the food decent and they accommodated a toddler pretty well (no small thing.) As a transplant from San Francisco, I was surprised at the prices -- comparable to higher-end SF Indian restaurants and nowhere near the tastiness.Had two dishes: Chicken Makhani and a saag dish. Nothing knocked me out, but all was fine.The second time we went there, last week on my birthday, we ended up walking out before they took our order. The waitress was in the weeds with only 2 tables and seemed to be preoccupied with computer problems. After sitting unacknowledged at our table for 15 minutes we finally left. If she'd made some sort of motion to let us know she'd be over we might have been more understanding, but we were hungry and not in the mood to be ignored.
5	Amazing buffet.... Even on Friday nights! The tandori chicken is tender and just right. My favorite item on the menu us the lamb kabob... EXTRA spicy, and then wrap it in the chili nan! The service is always friendly.
4	I drove around Charlotte for two hours exploring and when I decided to eat I found myself searching through Yelp for the best local restaurant in town.  Almost everything I searched was pointing me to Uptown, going against my instinct I found this little restaurant at the bottom of the review page.  I decided to give it a go.  I am all about Indian food and was willing to try any place, including this one that is located in a shady looking shopping center.  I was surprised, as soon as I walked in I was greeted by every employee and seated.  I went with chicken buryani, chicken tikka, saag paneer, and chicken curry, with a large helping of bread.I was impressed, I was glad I had chosen a buffet and knew I would be helping myself to seconds.  The service was great, even though they were busy, I never had an empty glass in front of me.  The price was exrtremely reasonable and the quality of food was top notch; its a shame I don't live in Charlotte, otherwise I'd be a regular.
4	Good restaurant !! close to downtown i.e. about 7 miles from the charlotte downtown, good ambience, neat and clean atmosphere, good service and good food. Overall a good restuarant to try indian food in charlotte.
5	This place is delicious It's a lot more comfortable than Passage To India.And they have delicious food!The naan was amazing nice and fluffy it was just perfect.The Chicken tikka masala was deliciously spiced.and they have the best tandoori chicken I have tried at a buffet.The chicken curry was delicious as was a little spinach and egg filled appetizer.Friendly staff, very welcoming.And the servers were excellent my glass of water was NEVER empty!There was never dirty plates for more than thirty seconds.I JUST LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	Wow the Gulab  Jamun from here is AMAZING!!
5	This is definitely a diamond in the rough!Located in a ghetto strip mall, but don't let it fool you. The hubbster and I have eaten here on many occasions and I finally have to tell the world (or at least the world o' Yelp). This place is amazing. I not only say this for the food. I say this for the customer service and atmosphere. It's a family owned establishment and you are treated just like one. I have tried their weekly buffet lunch and their weekend buffet dinner. I would love to go for a non buffet, but the food, selection, and price for the buffet is so good I just can't pull myself away from it:) The lunch buffet isn't as good as the dinner though, but I think that is because it isn't as busy. At least the times I have gone that's the way it's been. For the weekend dinner they offer appetizers, soup, 2 different kinds of rice, naan, and multiple dishes, plus desserts. For 2 dinner buffets, large Kingfisher for about $30! Who can beat that??? To say I need a wheel barrel to leave the establishment is an understatement. We even had our Xmas din din here. It was absolutely packed and it put the biggest smile on my face to know that this wonderful place gets the support and the recognition it deserves. I am proud to write this and to verbally tell people if they are looking for wonderful Indian cuisine this is the place to get it.Yummers!
4	One of my favorite Indian joints, ever.  We don't live in Charlotte anymore but I still remember Jaipur fondly.  I also love the family style service.Channa masala is probably the most common curry the world over, but I swear Jaipur has some of the best.  I also love the bhindi, saag paneer, mint chutney and lentils.  Their naan is pretty darn good.  I have honestly never had a meat dish here, and I have never tried the buffet, so maybe that accounts for the poor reviews?  The owners were always really gracious to us.   I don't know why they have bad reviews on that either!
5	Hole in the wall with amazing food! You can go to the more flashy, expensive places for Indian cuisine, but for authenticity go to Jaipur! Not much on atmosphere, but wonderful food. Their buffet on Friday and Saturday is awesome! Half vegetarian and half non-vegetarian. Never a disappointment.
1	Never do delivery from this place. Seriously. First of all the ordering process is absurd; I even called back after ten minutes after placing my initial order as the person taking my order did not even ask for my hotel room number or contact number. I feel as though they need to increase the wait staff as they always seem overwhelmed. The food is okay, but this is my second time ordering and ecah time I ask for spice level very spicy and I get just over moderate. After having waited over one hour for my current order I called back to inquire as to the status and the receptionist said "we have been busy that's why it's late" so poor service is a total deal breaker for me. Not my problem you're understaffed.
4	The food was just delicious!  We found this location based on Yelp and we were totally happy with our dinner here.  I highly recommend eating here when you get the chance.
5	I go here at least once a week for the lunch buffet. They always have a good variety of meat and veggie dishes. Some rotate and some classics are always there. It's my favorite place to eat.
4	I ordered Chicken Bhuna and Mango Lassi for takeout.  The food was excellent.  The Chicken Bhuna was just a touch greasy (not too much though) but absolutely delicious and cooked very well with the right spices.  The gravy on the chicken bhuna was thick and delectable.  The mango lassi was good.  I'd have given this a 3.5 stars but it's better than 3 stars.
3	Good food, great for a small buffet but nothing spectacular. Service was great when it came to refilling drinks only the drinks came out wrong; I ordered unsweetened tea but I only got sweet tea the entire visit, not a big deal, only annoying. More naan should be made available at the buffet. We only received one small plateful, first world problems right?
5	Amazing lunch buffet. This is a Charlotte must, tucked in the deeps of south blvd it's a gem. Everything's been a 10. Every time.
4	When I did not see this restaurant highlighted in regards to Indian food in Charlotte, I had to write a review!  This place has been around over 10 years on South Boulevard in the shopping center with Food Lion (closest to), Big Lots, Anna's Linens, CitiTrends, etc., close to intersection with Archdale Road.  The only weekend dinner buffet I know and with meat (lamb, goat, chicken) options.  Always enjoy their entrees on and off the buffet.  Their menu is quite extensive and servers are always open to assist if you have no idea what you want.  I highly recommend the weekend dinner buffet to try out entrees.
4	Yum!! Love the buffet as well as a mango lassi. About $10 for the buffet (if I remember correctly) , good service, good food. It's not my favorite indian place in charlotte, but it's high on my list.
3	We were staying in Charlotte at a hotel, and this menu was one of the ones we grabbed from the front desk, and I am glad we did. We ordered chicken vindaloo, some chicken tikka masala, samoas an order of the naan bread. Ordered a bit late and they assured us we would have our meal within 40 minutes, and I have to tell you it was definitely worth the wait. The portion size was huge, and the food was hot and flavourful. The vindaloo had the right amount of heat, and the tikka masala, was wonderful, and there was more than enough food for a second meal, although I ate my vindaloo like it was my last meal. The food came with utensils, and plates, which made it all the better and I will order from here again for sure, the next time I am in Charlotte.
5	Tasty food with very reasonable prices. Buffet is excellent. The boss is very friendly and it was good to chat with him. Parking space availability is also appreciated. Loved the pudding dessert at the buffet!
4	Great food! Owner personally walked my friend and I through the buffet. Everything smelled and looked great!
2	I was traveling from DC. Read good reviews about this place but didn't find food that great. I went there on Sunday when they claim to have variety of authentic Indian cuisine available. Service is awful as well. I kept calling the waitress for a glass of water and she was busy decorating herself !!!!
5	Food is really good. I loved dal tadka a lot! They served us well on thanksgiving day also when all others were closed. Biryani was not good so you can avoid that, but food items from northern part of India were awesome. The manager and server were very friendly.
4	This was quite an interesting restaurant. I came shortly after 5:30, right after they re-opened for dinner. The decor/ambiance immediately tell you that you're in an Indian restaurant, specifically the smell of incense and the Indian music which I like as part of the experience.The menu boasts a wide variety of chicken, lamp, seafood and vegetarian dishes as well as an assortment of Indian breads to go with your meal. I ordered the Bhindi Bhaji which is a spiced sauteed okra with tomatoes and onions. It was perfect with the tandoori roti bread (buttered, of course). All of that with the basmati rice was more than enough. My regret was that I didn't order it spicier (he suggested medium but probably did so assuming that I couldn't handle it - will have to correct that next time) - if you like spicy, be sure to convey that. Glad I came and hope to return soon.
3	Service was really good. The person who greeted us (guessing the owner) seemed very friendly and attentive. That being said I would rate the food reasonably priced but OK when it comes to my standards for Indian food. It was bland to what I am used to at my usual Indian restaurant (Farmington MI). I will note I have worked for an Indian family for the past 9+ years and have had various types of Indian cuisine and LOVE Indian food in general but I prefer the spicier dishes. So if you are looking for Indian food but don't like things too spicy then this would be a great place.
4	I can only attest to the lunch buffet. First of all, the price is right. After tax it is $8.75. Between this and the one on King's Drive, it's pretty much my 2 go-to for Indian lunch buffet. Jaipur has good naan, a tomato soup that goes well with them, and the little fried chickpeas patties that are very tasty. There are typically at least 4 entrees options (vegetarian & chicken mostly) plus the must have tandoori chicken. This is a solid quick lunch spot when you're craving a little Indian.
1	I did not get as far as to actually eating the food just  based off service alone I gave this restaurant one star. Restaurant opens at 5:30 for dinner I had to knock on the door for them to open promptly and there was a line of other guests waiting for the restaurant to open at 5:30. I ordered the vegetable masala the smell is obviously the spices of curry not masala . I told the gentleman excuse me this is curry not masala  trust me I've ordered masala and Curry before from various Indian restaurants in various states and the gentleman tried to argue me that I'm wrong and what I had in my hand was masala not curry so I just walked out of the restaurant.
5	This is a great Indian restaurant. The owner was so sweet and accommodating, and made sure we always had exactly what we needed. The buffet was incredible smelling and looking-- even though we ordered off the menu, which was also great. I also enjoyed one of the best mango Lassis I have ever had! The place was also extremely clean. I will definitely make sure to come back any time I am in Charlotte.
1	Very bad food. Located in a seedy part of town. Was actually afraid walking in.Nothing was good. Even with the low standards of Indian restaurants in Charlotte, this one should be avoided
2	Edible, but not really recommended for the lunch buffet. Limited selection, more bland than flavorful and no level of spice in either the meat or vegetarian dishes. The naan and rice were very good. Friendly owner and the restaurant was clean. Decor was sparse and restaurant had pretty loud Indian music, but it added a little welcome atmosphere.
3	Lunch buffet during the week
2	My experience with this restaurant prompted me to join yelp and write my first review.  I just moved to uptown Charlotte and am dealing with some injuries (fractured distal femur and grade 2 ankle sprain) that has me ordering delivery some nights when I don't feel like preparing food or picking up.With that being said, I don't think any restaurant or delivery driver needs the backstory to justify needing food delivered to your door.  I'm in a highrise uptown, people get delivery here all the time, and the concierge accommodates and sets the elevator for drivers...etc.For some reason this guy put up the biggest argument about parking his car with hazards on and coming up to my room.  After 4 phone calls back and forth between the delivery driver and I (one hour after I ordered because whoever took my order wasn't able to decipher Pine from Tryon -_-) he was finally feeling assured enough to get out of the car... but not before 1 last call telling me that nobody was at the front desk and that I would need to come down after all.  So I call the concierge desk, and sure enough, somebody picked up...and let the guy in the elevator.  I lied, 1 more call was made when the guy was on my floor - asking the unit number...because my having made mention of the unit number before fell on deaf ears since nobody intended to come up to begin with. lovely.I'll spare you the exchange.  It was lackluster and almost no words spoke in our ~25 second encounter.THE FOOD.I ordered Paneer Tikka Masala (spicy) and a Chicken Tandoori which I ended up having to order to meet the $30 minimum for delivery.  I didn't mind, I considered it a nice meal for the following day.  Paneer was not fresh, spice was adequate, but the overall taste was not something you come to expect after having paneer tikka masala's all around the world.  The Naans were standard, it's hard to mess that up.  The chicken tandoori which I got to the same night because I considered the paneer a wash, was totally lacking in flavor - almost as if it were chicken pieces with a red coating.  I don't expect much in the way of presentation, but you can do a little better than a few onions strips and a lemon wedge.There seemed to be a huge language barrier when calling to order as well.  Like I had to repeat my phone number about 6 times...and I'm an American born Desi - so I'm very familiar with how to flavor my american accent with some desi tongue so those native to India and not as attune to our language (our language being english) can understand.  Half way through my order he asked me where in India I'm from (I said my father is from gujarat) and then we switched to Hindi for the rest of the call.  I had an advantage and still had trouble...yikes.Annnyways, not ordering from there again.Edit: One more thing.  The only other Indian restaurant I've tried in Charlotte in my ~1 month here so far is Copper.  So here's my review for Copper:  I had the Paneer Tikka Masala.  WOW.  ;)
4	Tucked into a strip mall, this Indian restaurant was surprisingly good. Not a big crowd at 7pm when we got there for dinner. My wife and I enjoyed the lamb samosas. Good flavor, nice and crispy and hot out of the fryer.  My wife loves chicken tikka masala, and this one did not disappoint.  My lamb korma was also rather tasty and the garlic and plain naan were very fresh, hot out of the oven.  The service was good and prices reasonable. We will be back.
5	After looking around for few days in town finally ended up here. Best service good food. This will be my meal for the rest of the stay in North carolina. Best of all I tried around this area.
2	We had the Sunday Buffet.  It was terrible. The food was terrible and there was one guy running the place who kept going outside.  So much Incense burning as you walk in too.  One of the worst restaurants I have ever eaten at. My husband liked the lamb curry so it got one star for that.
2	Jaipur is definitely a hit or miss kind of joint. They do lack consistency in quality, flavor, spice distribution and amount of food given.Today the order came out completely wrong and had to be redone. The shrimp tikka masala was made of rubbery chewy farmed fish and the medium heat was non existent. There was no spice involved. The tikka masala had no cream consistency to it today. It was very runny and overpoweringly tomato based. The first experience I had merited 3 stars, the second time I ate there they qualified for 3.5 stars, and this last time they really went down to 1 star. I'm averaging them out at 2 stars after three tries.I've exhausted my attempts. The inconsistency is too great and for the price they shouldn't be lacking at all. I will not eat here again.
