5	Hooray for finding a great stylist on the first shot!!!  I went to Par Exsalonce on the recommendation of a friend who also just moved to the Valley.  I was nervous to say the least considering that I wasn't just going to a new stylist but I was going to a new stylist to cut off 8 inches of my hair.  Malissa was fantastic.  She gave me the exact cut I asked for and was super nice and friendly.  I plan on going back to her for color in a few weeks and may also tack on some other spa treatments at that time.They offer a full range of spa treatments from manis/pedis to massages and body treatments.  The prices are very reasonable, $45 for the cut and blowdry.  Coming from Boston that is quite a steal, my husband paid more for his tiny trims in Boston!Update:  Malissa is as good with color as she is with cutting.  My color looks fantastic.  She really took her time and it shows.  My husband saw Brett for a cut and he did a great job with his coarse curly hair.  I have also gone back to see Hayley for an eyebrow waxing.  It was pricey but totally worth it.  I am very squeamish with waxing and plucking (I never pluck my own eyebrows, I just can't bring myself to inflict pain on myself) and I often find the plucking to be the worst part of the waxing.  With Hayley it was painless.  I will definitely be returning to her again.Given my continued good experiences here I'm very eager to try out other services like the pedicures, massage and one of their body treatments.
5	I love this place. It reminds me of the salon I went to back in Columbus which I absolutely loved. Even though I live in Tempe, I drive the 25 minutes or so up to DC Ranch to go to this place. Right from when you walk in the door, they are very attentive and catering. Both times I have been there, I have never waited more than 3 minutes to be seen, which is an improvement over the salon I went to in Columbus where I might wait 15 minutes after checking in.The one haircut I have gotten so far was wonderful. I saw Bernadette who is at the stylist level. She is a transplant from the midwest as well, so we had fun chatting while she cut my hair. She did exactly what I wanted and I was in and out in less than an hour.  Plus, for $45 I was extremely happy. I used to pay $55 for a cut and blowdry back in Columbus. I also have gotten my eyebrows waxed at Par Exsalonce. My experience was fabulous. I was in and out of the salon in less than 15 minutes, which is perfect for a waxing. Jeanette did the waxing and was awesome. She was quick which is what I like. I really like the fact that they use something like baby powder to put on your eyebrows after waxing instead of lotion.I love this salon and will definitely keep making the 25 minute drive up there in the future.UPDATE-January 26, 2008I went for another haircut today and saw Nicole. She is awesome! She is the level above a stylist, so my haircut and style was $55, but that's what I paid in Columbus, so no biggie to me. Nicole was wonderful...I asked for advice and she was very honest and gave me an awesome haircut.  I will definitely be seeing her in the future. She was also very friendly and we chatted like we were old friends the entire 40 minutes or so it took for her to shampoo, cut, dry and style my hair.
2	I let my experience here simmer for a long time. I kept putting off writing a review because I did not want to offend anyone...but after getting a few good haircuts again I decided to vent and write a review...after all doesn't a good yelper write about the good...and the not so good?I went to this place based on the great yelp reviews. I made an appointment for a haircut and color.Lets start with the color...she left it on for (I felt like) a very long time. After the color was washed out I touched my hair and already felt a ton of breakage. I mean pieces of hair were just coming off in my fingers. I don't know what happened...if it was left on for too long or the color was too strong...but my hair had never been that damaged before. Also...the color was just not what I asked for...the highlights were very chunky and unnatural and the brown faded super fast. As far as the cut went...I had a super cute haircut that I got in LA that just needed to be trimmed up again. Instead it was just made to look like a "soccer mom" cut. Chucks of hair were cut that just did not need to be. When I went back to my hair guy in LA he remarked..."wow....you were really hacked into weren't you".The salon was nice...but I was just not happy with my haircut or color.
5	I am not ashamed to admit that I am a lazyass when it comes to my hair.  I am that girl who doesn't set out to grow out her hair to donate to Locks of Love, its just that my haircuts are so few and far between that I always just happen to have the required 9 inches of hair to cut (and have donated 4 times now).   Suffice it to say that it had been a while since my hair had seen a pair of scissors and I was well over due - even for me.  I had passed by Par Exsalonce many times while in the area and thought to myself that I may as well give it a shot and I promptly booked an appointment with Staci - who the front desk girl assured me was great with very long, thick hair such as my mop.The front desk staff was very friendly and attentive and I only had to wait a few minutes before Staci came to the front to meet me.  I have to admit that I was a bit nervous - many stylists in the past have salivated like hungry dogs at the sight of my long, virgin hair; I could almost see the visions of crazy hairdo's dancing in their heads.  Not Staci.  She really put me at ease and assured me that there would be no head shaving and unnatural hair color involved.  Less than an hour later, I emerged from the salon with my hair 6 inches shorter and styled in easy to maintain layers.  The price of $55 was very reasonable and I was prepared to pay far more than that.  I love my new haircut so much that I just may have to *gasp* maintain regular appointments with Staci.
5	First of all I love that everyone knows my name. IT adds to the special factor. I get waxing services done with Viktoria. She is THE BEST. Everyone needs to go see her. I ALWAYS get compliments on my eyebrows. Ashlee cuts my hair and does my color. She is also very good. She did my color before a major event last year, and I received lots of compliments. Cut-wise, I've only gotten trims and bags, but no complaints.
5	Yep, dudes get their hair done here too.I don't know what it is about haircuts for me.  My head must be a funny shape, or my hair must be a funny texture, or maybe I squirm a lot in the chair.  Or maybe my hair just has expensive taste in stylists.  I don't know.  What I do know is that, for some reason, it's hard for me to find someone who can make me look good (hair I mean, not face or physique, I can't find ANYBODY to fix those).Quick tangent - as a teenager, my stylist in NY was the guy who did the hair for Miss Universe 2001 (Puerto Rico) and 2002 (Russia).  If you're wondering, I'm heterosexual and happily married.Anyway, Bernadette is a magician when it comes to my hair.  Every 6-8 weeks, she transforms the pile of crap I bring to her on the top of my head into something, dare I say, sexy.  I've been to other places in the Valley, and even other stylists at Par, and I would always leave more depressed then when I walked in.  Not with Bernie.  She's also cute and fun, which doesn't hurt.Yes, it's a tad more expensive than Super Cuts.  But it's a guarantee that I walk out happy.  And showing off the new 'do is a great excuse to go upstairs to Sol Y Sombra.
5	This review is based on nail services by AngieFirst of all, when I called to inquire about nail services and nail techs, the receptionist was very nice, friendly, and patient with all of my questions.  That left a good first impression.Then, the salon itself is very nice, clean, spacious, well-lit and not intimidating.  The reception area is separate from the work area, which I think is nice, too.Angie, (I'm pretty sure that is her name, but for some reason I keep thinking I'm not getting it right), the nail tech, was fabulous.I was able to communicate what I wanted and didn't want in clear and concise english and she totally understood.  She filed off a bunch of mess on my nails and was detailed and meticulous.  She then did a gel (Gelousy) overlay on my natural nail in a sheer nude pink.  My nails look natural, but better.  They're shiny and perfect looking.  It was EXACTLY what I asked for.  My nails are seriously perfect looking right now :o)I will continue to go to Angie at Par Exsalonce for my nails from now on.  While I think that the other types of nail places are convenient and cost-effective, I am willing to spend a little more (which really turns out to be not that much more) for a nail tech with 15 years of experience that I can chat with and that can understand my needs perfectly.
4	Had a fabulous eyebrow shaping & waxing after a 6-month grow out forcing sitting on my obsessive hands.  Man, I was so happy to walk out of there with perfect & tame brows!
5	I have been going to Par Exsalonce in DC Ranch for more than 5 years. I have always had the best treatment whether it is for me or my Mom visiting or others that I have referred. Donna, the owner, is a hands on operator, and knows her clients names and their preferred stylists. Let me start with the front desk- Suzi and Jamie (coincidentally Mother and daughter) are friendly, knowledgeable and have never messed up an appt. for me. That should be the norm but unfortunately it is not. They great you in a friendly fashion and appts are taken on time. On the one occasion where my stylist was ill, they phoned me before I arrived which was very helpful. Finally, my stylist. I am very picky about my hair and I will not allow anyone other than Carol Hehman take care of it. She gets it right every time and is pleasant to all of her clients. She is simply awesome. I have referred numerous people to her and they echo my views. And then for my more blissful moments, I go to Cynthia for her facials. DIVINE! She does the best in the value from my view and I have tried many places. You leave hydrated and relaxed. Plus she does that pesky waxing without ripping you to shreds. A huge plus in my book. Love this place and it is reasonably priced. I am trying to get Donna to do a Frequent Client Card (they do run monthly specials) for those of us who are here all year, every month. Would love facial credits from my hair stuff that must be done.
3	I have been here a few times for haircuts - it's hit or miss.  The aromatherapy massage is great!  I love that they carry Bumble and Bumble products.  I just called to have my hair fixed after two weeks and they were happy to take me in.
5	I've been going to Par Exsalonce for several years whenever I am in Scottsdale and have had AWESOME nail services every time.  Christy is especially great!!..
5	Been back twice to see Viktoria.  All I have to say is, she is a god!!!  Any waxing needs you desire, see Viktoria.  She truly is amazing  :-)
5	Megan is a fabulous hair stylist.  She is innovative, up with the trends, well trained, and awesome!!!  She has never disappointed me yet!!!  She listens to what you want and delivers!  Megan is great at what she does and if you're lucky she will seranade you while she does your hair.  In fact I know she will sing to you with her beautiful voice.  Not only does she do wonderful hair, you'll love her energetic and up beat personality.  You will not be disppointed with Megan C. Chavez....make an appointment now!!!!
5	Viktoria is the best esthetician in the world!!!!!!!!!!!! I have been going to her for years but recently moved to the east coast and if I had the money I would seriously fly back every time I needed a wax just for her. Absolutely a miracle woman she takes her time and is perfection!!!! Highly highly recommend!!!!!!!
5	Ranee is amazing!  Brow wax and tint, eye lash tint!  She does a fabulous job and is super sweet
5	Just found my favorite spa in the valley! Had a scrub and facial with Ranee yesterday and it was heaven! I literally fell asleep for a little bit while the mask was on. This facial was the best I've ever had and I cannot recommend Ranee enough! Serious pampering and my skin feels awesome. The products they use at the spa are great- I usually prefer Aveda products but these were really nice. I did not leave feeling gooey at all. I can't wait to go back and thankfully their prices are reasonable, so I can return sooner rather than later!
5	I have got to admit that the best nails I have ever had are by Lisa at Par Exsalonce.  I have tried to have those beautiful nails before, but other nail techs I tried are never consistance.  Sometimes they turn out great, other times they are just weird.  That is one of the things that I love about Lisa.  She always does a great set of nails and is always ready to try something new if you like.  The great part about my favorite nail tech "Lisa" is she is so fun to talk too.  We always have a great time and I go home with nails that are perfect each and every time.  I would definitely recommend her to anyone who wants that wow factor for their hands.  Can't say enough.  Lisa if you read this...Thanks so much!
5	WOW!  Stacy did an awesome job on my short, spunky haircut.  I live nearby in The Courtyards at DC Ranch and walked over to the salon--which is VERY stylish.  My previous stylist  messed up my haircut and Stacy was so non-egotistical and helpful in repairing the hack job from a month ago.
5	Lovely experience from the phone call to make appointment to the time I left.  Great service!
5	Best place to go in North Scottsdale. My whole family goes to the same gal and she somehow works wonders on us all. The service is wonderful, the atmosphere is relaxing, and Staci is the absolute best!
5	Omg newest addition Jenn B is the best.. I will follow her to the end of the earth to get my haircut by her! My whole family and friends go to her..you'll never be dissapointed!!
5	Go see Jenn B. at Par Exsalonce! She has been doing my extensions for months now and I couldn't be happier with the results! She's the sweetest girl with a great personality, and your hair will always be looking good! You will be glad you went to see her :)
5	I followed my hairstylist, Jenn Botto over here from her old salon. She does an absolutely amazing job on my hair and is an extremely sweet girl and I would refer anyone to get their hair done by her!! Go see her!! You won't be disappointed!!
5	After reading the excellent reviews on yelp, I decided to give this place a try. And I'm so glad I did!! I called at 12:30 on a Friday, and was able to be seen at 1:30 that same day. The salon itself was very well kept and designed. And every staff member was very friendly. I had the stylist Colleen. To put it simply, she's awesome!! I hadn't had my hair cut in a really long time and she worked with me, listening to me and adding her input when I asked for it. The results: my hair looks amazing! She taught me how to do the style myself while she was blowdrying it and then again afterwards. The cut and style cost only $50 too, you can't beat that! (I've paid way more for 'top salon' cuts that looked much worse). She's very nice and funny and the conversation flowed the whole time. I will recommend her and this salon to anyone. I'll definitely be back.
2	I took four girls here before my wedding. They did a great job, but I spent too much time justifying why I wanted what I wanted.  Sorry, I don't care if I want each nail a different color, I'm paying for a luxury service and don't need someone's opinion interjected every 5 minutes.  I wanted a french manicure so I had something classic for my wedding pictures, my manicurist told me it was "dated" and didn't have the supplies to do it until I blatantly said "I have never been to any nail salon that doesn't have supplies for a french manicure".  I don't care if I want my nails painted poop brown, the manicurist opinion doesn't matter.  Everyone except one person had the same problem.  I would have loved to spend my time visiting with my girls that flew 2500 miles to spend time with me instead of justifying my decisions to someone I have never met.
5	I've been going to them for almost 7 years and swear their customer service, stylists, and products are the best! Julie does such a great job with blondes and I have had some wonderful massages that got just the right spots. They just made the biggest gesture by making complimentary gift bags for my baby shower guests just because they couldn't accommodate bringing out a manicurist to the event. These bags were amazing, and so is Donna the owner! I love this place, They have some superb summer deals to take advantage if as well.
5	I've been coming to see Jen Botto for about a year now and she is just fantastic, she does my cuts and my highlights. She is the most efficient stylist when it come to highlights. I would recommend her to anyone, especially if you are looking for a modern or up-to-date haircut. She's always able to give me exactly what I want, and I can be pretty picky some times.
