5	Really good pizza.  Really fast delivery.  Nothing much else to say. :)
4	Best Pizza in Vegas!  Will make you never even think of going to Pizza Hut or other crappy chains again.  Something in the perfect blend of spices and cheeses, combined with perfect homemade crust...Only drawback is it ain't cheap.  I paid 20 bucks for a large veggie.  They also don't have beer so get it to go!
4	I haven't ordered from this place for awhile, but I remember liking this place due to the fact that they're one of the few places that does Sicilian-style pizza.  It was delicious!  It's huge, though, so make sure you have a couple of friends if you're going to order a Sicilian.
4	great new york style pizza. super friendly & fast. dine-in is a little iffy but food is good. pricy=large delivered with wings @$40
5	This is the absolute best NY style pizza in Las Vegas.  I've been to most independent places in the city and nothing comes close.
5	Been coming here for 16 years. The best NY style pizza in the northwest of Vegas. Not spicy and no chunky sauce. (my pizza pet peeves) They'll cook it as you request and it always tastes the same. Great! Friendly staff.Right, one of a few that sell Sicilian pizzas, but it will cost you. At least $20. They annualy raise the prices but you get what you pay for.
5	Best NYC style Pizza in the city, no doubt about it!!!
5	The BF is very picky with his pizza and love NY thin crust style! Verrazano Pizza is so delicious that it reminds us of NYC! Great tasting and huge pizzas! Even though we live close to Mountain's edge, they will even deliver to our house!
4	I've heard about this place from many people on Yelp Talk, so I decided to give it a try.  I stopped by for lunch yesterday and ordered 2 Slices of Cheese and 1 Slice of Pepperoni.  I wanted to try their Sicilian Pizza, but they didn't serve slices and I wasn't about to chow down that much Pizza....not that day anyway.The Pizza is a NY Style Thin Crust.  It's served piping hot.  I went for the Cheese Slices first.  I thought that the Cheese to Sauce ratio was good.  The Crust was a little bland, but it wasn't soggy, which is a big plus.  Overall, I enjoyed the Cheese Slices.Next I went after the Pepperoni Slice.  I prefer to have my Pepperoni well done burnt a little on the edges, but I didn't hold that against them.  The Pepperoni has a nice zing to it and the Pizza slice had an appropriate amount of Pepperoni....I don't like it when too much Pepperoni is put on a Pizza, it can ruin the flavor.Overall, I thought the Pizza here was very good.  I'm not sure how it will hold up on delivery though as most NY Style Thin Crust Pizza that I've ordered delivered shows up soggy.  The people who work here are very friendly too, which is another plus in my book.Will I return?  Of course!
5	Everyone naturally loves the food they grew up with, and for me one of those foods is NY style pizza.  So I've been on a hunt since arriving here in Las Vegas to find a pizzaria that will bring me back home for a little while - and I found it today!We ordered a large pepperoni - they had a special so we paid the same amount as for a medium pie (awesome!), and an order of hot wings.  The decor is not fancy - just a long aisle with booths.  It reminded me of a lot of places back East, no frills, but practical.  The wings were normal, this is not the dish that will bring me back.  The clear and definite winner was the pizza!!!  It had an amazing crust, foldable but crisp on the bottom, so good that I even ate the ends (I usually leave them behind).  The sauce was tasty and the cheese was high quality, long gooey strings every time we picked up a new piece from the serving plate.  The amount of pepperoni was good.  It was just really good, soul satisfying pizza!PS: they have a lunch special every day until 3pm where you get two slices and a drink for $4.75.  You can add toppings at 25 cents each one.  A nice low commitment way to see if this is the place for you!
4	After my cousin who use to live here raved so much about this place when she came to visit this past weekend we had planned a lunch date here. It has been 8 years since she has been here and one bite in she said it tasted just like she remembered.Now there were 4 of us so we got a large half cheese and half pepperoni pizza. The man behind the counter doing pro pizza tosses (very impressive!) advised us to go with a classic cheese pizza with no toppings because toppings spoil the pizza. He took our order and gave us our drinks and we sat down at one of the booths they offer and watched a football game and caught up. As soon as the pizza came out I was loving the fact that it was thin crust. true new york style. large slices that you need to fold to stuff in your face. I will say that we should have gone with the employees recommendation of just cheese. The grease from the pepperoni did ruin the pizza a little and took over the flavor. the crust was amazing that nobody left it on their plate. It reminded me a place I use to go out to in Long Island when I was away from the city and I think that it another reason I thought so fondly of this place.The prices are great, the employees were friendly and funny, and the pizza left us stuffed and happily satisfied.
2	Just because it says NY.......This pizza shop is clean, and the staff is friendly, but you don't go for pizza because of these things do you?I found the crust on these big New York style slices to be perfectly crispy and light.  Other than that, I didn't like a thing about this pizza.The sauce tasted a bit watered down, and the cheese was bland.  I ended up drowning my slice in crushed red pepper and parmagiano just to taste something.  I wanted to like Verrazano Pizza, but couldn't get past the lack of flavor.
5	" Best Pizza in Vegas ".  Everyone has their own opinion on who has the best pizza.  I've tried all my friends places, some were decent some sucked.  Then last year I met my girlfriend a local like me, and she introduced me to Verrazano Pizza.  If a pizzas grease runs down your arm, and drips off your elbow, then that's for me.  The sauce is fantastic, the crust is NY style, and there homemade ranch " forget about it ".  This Verrazanos Pizza is independently owned, the others in town do no justice.  I usually get plane cheese pizza, but there sausage is the bomb.  There deep fried mushrooms are rocking too. It is truly a hole in the wall on Rainbow and Westcliff " Food For Less shopping center".  I'm hooked, I've  been here multiple times a month for the last year.  This is my holy grail of pizza places.
3	Pizza was ok .. I ordered a large Verrazano specialty pizza and the crust had kind of a generic taste and sauce was ok but just plain I guess.. Good portion of ingredients. Still not worth 25 dollars plus tip:-(
3	I'm gonna be honest, when I ordered a regular pie here, I was a little underwhelmed. I basically wrote this place off as "not worthy".  Then a few people told me the Sicilian was good here. I'm an absolute sucker for a good Sicilian pizza. So with slight hesitation I ordered one, and I'm glad I did. It was similar to the Sicilians we use to make at The Big Inning. I liked it a lot! Plus it takes up the entire pizza box, which is the way it should be. I'm convinced this is one of the best Sicilian pies you'll get in this town. Also, the garlic rolls are just like New York garlic rolls! That, plus they deliver and are right around the corner from my house and we got a winner. I wanted to give this place 4 stars, but their mediocre regular pie and terrible hours made it more of a 3, 3 1/2. Since we can't give halves, 3 it is. The wings were decent, slightly above average. I would get them again, but they aren't "OMG amazing!!!". So keep all that in mind.
5	For a "hole in the wall" type of place, their pizza is fantastic!  Then again, ask any New Yorker and they'll likely tell you that's always the best.  Verrazano's has it goin on!  Start with the crust, the foundation of any great pizza.  Their crust is simply delicious and always done just right!  I have never had it burnt or doughy.  Then the sauce.  Delicious.  All those things, a great pizza make and that's just what you'll get here.
5	I like this place a lot.  Count me in the "Adam Carolla" style of pizza eating.  That is, when it's time to eat pizza, I want to EAT PIZZA!  And that means I don't want some thick crust weighing me down or filling me up after one slice.  Verrazano solves all that, the pizzas come on a nice thin crust which is just the right amount of doughy.  I am a pepperoni fan myself but they offer most of the other usual toppings as well.  I will mention I tried the sausage one time and wasn't real thrilled with it.  Sauce tastes fine to me, they do not skimp on the cheese, and they have a variety of specials as others have mentioned.  Also the guys that work there are great, they always greet everyone and are happy to chit chat when possible.  Also I have a toddler that gets a real kick out of watching them cook.  If you like NY style pizza you should at least give this a try, it will not cost much and you might end up liking it!
3	Forgettable.Don't get me wrong, this pizza place is good NY-style pizza. BUT my boyfriend and I both felt is was not the best we've had. My boyfriend is a pizza eating machine, but even a few hours later after leaving Verrazano he told me he didn't think it was that great. I'd have to agree.I like the shop, it's quaint and gives you a feeling like you're really eating in a hole-in-the-wall in New York City. The staff was friendly enough and our pizza came out pretty quick. There was only two other people in the place when we walked in. We ordered a large with mushrooms and ham. Normally I would get pepperoni, but my boyfriend thinks it's too greasy *eye roll* Anyway, I had a LivingSocial deal for $20 and our total came to $18.something so we ended up not having to pay anything over, which I'm glad about.I felt as though the pizza did not have enough sauce and the cheese was kind of bland. Also, they were super skimpy on our toppings! I was really, really wanting some more mushrooms, but alas our pizza had only a few.I see that there are many good reviews for the white pizza, so if anything, I'd come back here to try that pizza. But being that it really isn't anywhere near where I live I probably will not get the chance.
4	I am a pizza lover and this has to be one of the best places for homemade classic Italian pizza...best combination of fresh homemade dough, tasty sauce with a hint of sweetness, and creamy cheesy cheese. Between myself and my family I am pretty sure Pizza Fridays in our family have kept the ovens going! Verrazanos is a family staple in our home...little taste of greatness. Highly recommended by this pizza lover!
3	Again - This is a 3.5 star rating.  This place is good quality pizza - it didn't exactly blow my skirt up ... but it is worth repeat business fo sho.The pizza is a slightly thick thin crust.  PLenty of real cheese and sausage.  Not too greasy. Folded nicely.  It's good.It is a small place with about 6 or 7 tables.  Good service - friendly people working in there.  Good prices too.  You can also buy pizza by the slice.This is good pizza.
2	The pizza was pretty good but the customer service was terrible. It was one of those places where you liked the food but the customer service was so bad that you never want to go back. I even placed an order for take-out and still felt mistreated. The girl at the counter made me feel like I ruined her day by placing an order. Seemed like she hated her job and took it out on me. If you don't like your job than quit and let someone with the effort to be pleasant take your job, there are plenty of willing people out there considering the unemployment rate here in Las Vegas. Bottom line: The food was good but will not return because I was treated very poorly.Note to Mgmt: Send a secret shopper to find out how your employees treat patrons.
5	There are a few Verrazano Pizza's in Las Vegas but this is the realness! Im born and raised in NYC and have lived in Vegas for 3 years..this is the ONLY pizza I will eat in Vegas. The owner is behind the counter serving it up, he knew each customer that came in at lunch by first name and has the recipie perfected. If you want amazing pizza then forget the rest and come here..its worth the drive from wherever you live.  Did I mention the cheese??!?!??! Fugghettaboutit!
2	I've grown up eating here and loved it year after year. For the past few months that hasn't been the case. From not being open for an hour after they should have been on a football Sunday (went to Rocco's, yummy, instead) to not having delivery driver and now today I got a undercooked pizza that had been tipped so all of that extra cheese I paid for was all on one side of the box. I was tempted to call and have the delivery driver come back and give me my $8+ tip back. It almost feels as if they changed ownership or something. Sad that a childhood favorite is sinking. Hope they read this since they don't have their own site and turn things around. C'mon.......let's get those rating stars back up to where they used to be!
5	I have been going to Verrazano Pizza for years and I consistently get fantastic pizza. If you want real NY style pizza with generous sizes, this is the place. The guys that work there have a great attitude and always treat me great. They also have the best ranch salad dressing in town, although I don't get why my kids always want to dip their pizza in it.
4	I tried this joint on the reviews from fellow yelpers...  I ordered the 2 cheese slices and soda for 4.75.... I liked it, the dough was good,, the pizza folded nicely... When i order i usually ask for  a little bit more sauce, since this was pre-made slices, the sauce wasnt as pronounced,, but its fine... When i am in the area, and in the mood for pizza,, this is a fine go to place... I recommend it based on what i had....07/04/23:I have gone here several times since my first yelp..  I just want to say that, I like this pizza joint,, every time i have gone its been consistently good...  Always eat it fresh at the shop if you can,,, it tastes best just out of the oven..  Good job Verrazano's.  I only grant 5 stars if its FREE food....LOL...
5	Verrazano Pizza has the *best* pizza in Vegas.  The taste is fabulous and it is *very* easy to get addicted to.  They have great service and always remember my husband's name and to ask about whichever member of the couple doesn't show up to pick up the pizza.  Whenever I have a long work week or am recovering from an international flight, I like to let Verrazano cook for me :)
2	Yes it's a pizza joint...but was in the mood for a folded pizza lets say...Calzone..You can have it baked or fried!!  Order a small Calzone..OMG it was more than enough, took half home. Had small salad ($2.99)..just lettuce,olives,tomatoes,peppers..not great, but italian dressing was good.  Calzone was good.....but I guess their forte is Pizza....He had a line ordering .....Service is friendly but hit/miss w/ whoever is working the house. Waiter said the baked calzone was just coming out of the oven..took him 15 min to get it to the table....Would I go back, probably if I lived closer..I'd consider Broadway Pizza a better option (Rancho/Charleston).
5	The best pizza in Las Vegas!! This New York style pizzeria makes New Yorkers jealous. They use the right amount of sauce unlike the commercial pizza companies they try to drown you in it. I always get the pepperoni because is just the right amount of everything. The guys are friendly and always greet me by name when I come in. It is always a great show to watch Kenny "spin" a pizza...it is a lost art form.
5	I really love this pizza. They owner and an employee at the Westcliff location told me that they have been making pizza for decades.  They are there to make the best pizza and to run the business well.  They are always friendly, and do their best to call me by name, which is impressive since I only go every few months. True artisans. The pizza is slightly greasy (because I like cheese and pepperoni and pineapple), and the dough has a nice light salty flavor and good balance between soft/and baked on the bottom.  It's not diet food, and eating it every day would probably lead to high cholesterol... but It's very good pizza. If I'm going to get a real pizza, this is it for me.
1	This was one of the worst pizza's I have ever had.  Only one place was worse and that was in Denver.  Don't even think about ordering pizza here
3	I have been getting pizza here since the 1990s, and it has been great, until my visit yesterday. Not only was the crust of my large pizza cardboard hard (it tasted like old dough), they were very stingy on the toppings.  I was very disappointed, considering this place charges $18 for a large pizza! That's $8 more than Pizza Hut.  The lady at the counter didn't make my experience any better.  She never said, "Hello," and she wasn't friendly/happy/smiling.  I'm giving this place 3 stars for the sauce and cheese on the pizza, both were ok.
3	The pizza is probably 4 star but they can be pretty rude at times.
4	Delicious food, a good variety of different foods. Pizza is really good. The chicken fingers were my favorite in town, until they changed the recipe, but still pretty good.
1	Don't waste your money! Got a lg calzone: too much ricotta and barely any mozzarella... cut it open and the inside ran out like soup. Very skimpy on the toppings, especially for $1 each extra. Marinara sauce is mediocre at best...too many chunks of onions and veggies like spaghetti sauce, not pizza sauce. $15 for a large calzone...could've had 2 lg pizzas elsewhere.  Try another place.
4	I love the New York style pizza here!!! If you haven't tried it, you've got to!! One of my favorite pizza spots I've grown up eating!! I'm not a huge Ranch/on my pizza pie, but my buddies swear by their secrete recepe here! The Buffalo Chicken Strips taste so great and just being here brings back memories...
5	K Foodies, If your looking for a great NY pizza, this is the joint for you! No hoopla, no frills, just great pizza!!! Order the pepperoni or just plain old cheese, you wont be disappointed...promise!!!
5	Great pizza joint.  NY style..thin cheesy with just the right amount of grease :-)Owned, operated and prepared by real Italians...plus one.Cheap lunch specials...plus two.Convenient to get to...plus three.Reminds me of home...winning.Don't go in here expecting fancy/trendy decor.  Do go in here expecting great service and pizza.  What else do you really need when looking for a slice?  I'm not here to schmooze and be noticed, I'm here to eat!  I'm giving this place 5 stars based on the above taking into account it's not a date night kind of place...but it is 100% what I expected and enjoy.NOTE:  Not open on Sunday or Monday!  Plan ahead.
5	This place reminds me of Queens NY  The pizza is thin and crispy great flavor and i feel like just got it in NY  Love this place
4	First time eating here today. The pizza was fabulous.  We got pepperoni and sausage.  It was nice and foldable. Have the perfect amount of greese and cheese and the best was the sausage and pepperoni.  The two meats went well together.  Not too spice but not bland. I will for sure be going back to this location.
4	Awesome NYC pizza, my second favorite NYC style pizza in Vegas.  I stop here pretty often whenever I am on the west side. 4.2 stars
5	love this pizza  drive from the nw to get it
4	Chicken fingers fried hard, pepperoni pizza and that ranch.... Amazing!!!!
4	All the Bonanza High kids went here, so when I, or other Western High kids got some, it was like scoring a white castle or something. Great pizza, yummy garlic ranch and wings, friendly staff, quick service. No more quarter TVs, though, lol.
5	It took a while for me to try this place since it was closed like twice in a row when I went! I finally snagged a pepperoni pie last week and I'm a definite fan. It is hard to find good NY-style (or any style, really) in Las Vegas. I know a couple of other spots, but Verrazano is now in my top two! The pepperoni pizza was so greasy, I actually had to blot it with paper towels, which I never do! Most NYC transplants should be very pleased with this place...and they sell by the slice, too.
5	Years of searching in Vegas, and a coupon in Val Pak introduced me to the best pizza in town!  This Verrazano, at Rainbow and Westcliff, is excellent!  I'm  a serious foodie, and the pizza is delicious and priced very well.  Go and enjoy!
5	I stop in every time I come to Las Vegas. The pizza is great and the sausage and ranch are the best I have ever had!
4	Good pizza.  Supposed to be more "authentic" than most others in town, and it DOES taste a little different...in a good way?  Maybe...depends on who you ask!Verrazano Pizza is a good choice for lunch! 2 slices and a drink for around $5...I think the toppings were an extra $0.50 or so.  The slices are pre-made, just tossed back in the oven with your toppings like everyone else in town.Started off with the Pepperoni slice! Very oily and tasty...super simple, cheesy, foldable slices. Since I am not from NY, I don't care much about authenticity, but these are good slices at reasonable prices.Sausage slice! This was good as well...I think I prefer their pepperoni topping more here...weird, since I have been a house-sausage-topping guy for a little while now.Don't expect anything else besides good pizza and cheap prices.  It's like a family owned pizzeria style spot, and they do it well :)Pics :
4	Verrazano specializes in New York style pizza-- my favorite kind. The eating area leaves a lot to be desired, but at $11 for a large cheese pizza, you can't really expect much more. The staff was friendly. When the pizza maker realized that my daughter was watching him in rapt attention, he  made a point of telling her when he was about to throw the dough in the air. (This kind of thing is apparently very entertaining to 8-year-olds.) Its always a risk to try strip mall pizza, but this is definitely worth the gable.
5	Quality pizza all the way. The cheese crust and sauce were of such high quality this easily is the best pizza I have had in Las Vegas. I have ordered from them several times and they are consistently amazing. Great job guys!
5	It's about time! Finally found the best pizza and Italian food ( that is affordable and delivers) in Vegas. Last week, decided to try Verrazanos since they became a Roadrunner Food delivery provider. The pizza is fantastic, with one caveat......better cheese would make it perfect. This week I tried some of their pasta meals.....never had  Chicken Parm with more chicken than pasta and the Chicken Alfredo was great but needs more sauce.....not a real complaint since no one puts enough sauce on for my family.......highly recommended! Oh...a big plus having Italian Wedding soup on the menu!
5	Love this pizza. Best in Vegas.  As a New Yorker, I think that's all I have to say.  (Good wings too)
5	Been going here atleast once a week as it is a popular lunch spot for me and my workers. Food: Being from NY, I must say that this pizza is pretty darn close folks. We're never gonna find our favs out here, but in terms of style, amount of ingredients, etc, this is on the money. Staff: Good ol' boys from NY, always very accomodating and nice. We sometimes have few people with us and they help with moving tables together, etc. Ambiance - reminds me of the 'on every block' pizza places in nyc. Has some seating, has a tv on. Has a walk up counter where you order and they will bring it to you if you are staying in. Price: Normally don't talk much about price, however they are super cheap compared to the other pizza places. Slices and pies All-in-all, I could come here anytime, lunch or dinner. Never really seen a line, so it is worth stopping by for a quick slice to try out!!
5	Hands down, the best pizza I've ever had in Vegas. I'll always be loyal to these guys at this Verrazano Pizza (even though one is a Steeler fan and another a Broncos fan lol).Try the Verrazano special! It's absolutely delicious!
1	What's with the freshness and quality of ingredients served in this city??Ordered some wings and a salad for delivery. Shouldnt be that complicated and I should not feel completely sick to my stomach a few hours after finishing eating!Chicken wings were way overcooked, and tasted funny. Salad was alright, but it felt like it was prepared 48h prior, and left in the fridge for the next delivery order (mine!)Seriously feel like I am going to puke now and have stomach cramps. And I dont have a delicate stomach, I mean I have lived and traveled in Africa and Amazonian jungle.Do I have to stick with 3* Michelin restaurants to not get sick in this city!?  Grrrrrr
5	They have been around since I was in grade school.... And STILL come to eat there. They are HANDS DOWN MY FAVORITE pizza place!!!! AMAZING NY STYLE... BETTER than the rest!!!
5	Well...this is definitely a pleasant way to end the year...So today I went there for the first time.  After hearing so much about it, I figured I'd give it a shot.  As a native NY'er...the only places I'll eat a pizza at is Papa Enzo's (Venetian), Metro Pizza, and Broadway Pizza.  If I want a sit-down pizza, it's Grimaldi's.  Well, I walked in and asked for 2 slices to the big guy behind the counter.  He walked to the back...and when he came out...another guy from the back came out and offered me a free personal pie that I guess some lady never picked up.  Totally on the house.  I insisted on paying since I didn't even have any cash to tip the guys.  He simply told me to do something good for somebody else.  I can do that.  Now on to the pizza itself.  AWESOME.  Just like any slice I'd pick up at a corner pizzeria back in Queens.  Being that the gesture was so kind, I already planned on being a steady customer, but you throw in the fact that they make one helluva pie...the deal is sealed.  Again, to those 2 gentlemen, thank you.
5	Best in town! Similar to the flamingo location but different and the crew (mainly Ed the owner n Kenny) make the place fun making jokes and talking like a barbershop, place is old but makes it a unique classic joint. Don't ever waste your money at these cheap low quality chains #shopsmallbiz
5	been going here off and on for years. same guys working there, very friendly.  I love that they kick people out if their pants are hanging too low!
5	Really, really liked this pizza. Got the slices...two pepperoni for Jim, and one cheese for me. Loved the nice crispy brown crust, tangy sauce and perfect amount of cheese. The cheese and crust were the same thickness. Perfect!!! There was a nice amount of grease on top of the slice. This is a must for me.The restaurant looked like we walked into a small, old school inner city restaurant. It was fun. Good service. Waited for a bit to be recognized, but once we were, it was fine.
5	If your from NY this is really the only place you are going to find pizza like back home.  Don't listen to anyone else's suggestions of where to find NY style pizza.  Believe me I have tried many and while some were good - they weren't NY style - you know what I mean!  Save yourself time and agita and just go here - you won't be disappointed.
5	Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.I started going to this place in 1995 when I only loved 2 blocks away.  I moved way to the other side of town and wasn't over on that side anymore.  Well, last week, I had an appointment near Verrazono and decided, why not, haven't been there in years.This place never disappoints.The pizza was as good as I can remember.  Being from NY.hey what can I say.,,awesome pizza.Believe me, not staying away for long anymore.A pie to go please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
5	Great pizza!  Being from Chicago, I swear the square slices on the Sicilian size give it that something special.  Always nice on the phone.  A great find.
5	Best pizza in town!  Super fresh ingredients and perfect crispy crust.  The family asks for it once per week.  Try it; you'll love it!
5	Been eating here for 16 years now. Love the pizza here more than any other place in town. Service is always on point. Never had a bad meal here. Food is always the same.
2	Wow talk about being disappointed... I haven't eaten here in 3 years and boy did it go downhill... they changed the dough recipe .... It does not taste the same ... I know what I'm talking about  I owned 3 pizzerias in New York and my grandfather open up the second pizzeria in America totonos pizzeria in  Brooklyn New York.... Also there sauce is different. Very bland. To bad at one time they were right up there with the best of vegas..I knew something was different when I saw a big sign outside advertising one pizza for $6.99... Any really good pizzeria will not give there pizza away.
5	Just happen to sit next to the owner at our favorite local pub on night. He and some other people were talking about his pizzeria and my boyfriend and I chimed into the conversation and so we decided to try it. We came in and were warmly greeted. OH-MY-LANTA THAT PIZZA IS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! Perfectly crisp. Thin, true N.Y. style crust. Oh man.. Cannot wait to indulge myself in this piece of divine heavenly pizza again.  The ONLY thing I would change are the freaking hours!! I'm off Mondays and they are closed and I get so bummed out. And when I'm craving this specific pizza late it's already closed! Blasted! Extend your hours Verrazano's!!
5	The food is amazing, no  other pizza can compare, we eat it every Sat, for lunch .Ed the owner  has owned the VZ for 28 years and still is there everyday serving up the food , Smells delicious when you walk in the doors.
5	This place has been a staple for our family, typically order to go and have family time at home! The pizza is amazing wings are delish, you really can't go wrong with this place. Lunch specials are super reasonable and 2 slices are huge! The staff is always friendly and personable. Check them out!
3	Ordered chicken parm sub, fries, and a large cheese pizza. Chicken parm sandwich was good, it wasn't amazing it was just good. The pizza was also just average. The BF loved the parm sandwich. Would order again but maybe something different or a pizza with pep.
5	Eddie and the crew always have the best pizza and wings.
5	My family are pizza lovers and were always trying new whole in the wall places because they useually have the best. This one is up in my top atm. We ordered lg cheese with mushrooms and 2 orders of frys. The sauce and dough were great although next time i might ask for it to be cooked a little longer. So I say yummm and definately worth a try.
5	Great New York style pie and wings with fantastic service. Well done. There is a reason why they have been open for 30 years. This is coming from a pizza slut
1	Living in the valley for over seven years now and still can't find a decent delivery pizza. While customer service was good and delivery was swift, the pizza fell extremely short. Had pepperoni and sausage. The pizza was very greasy and sorry, but I've had better in a cafeteria or food court. So we will keep on looking...
5	Best pizza in Vegas!!!! I've been eating here for over 15 years and absolutely love EVERYTHING!! Service is fabulous and friendly!! I'm currently pregnant and craving their pizza, which is a 20 min drive weekly from our house and worth every minute driving!! I will not eat else where!! Thanks guys for the great service and food!! Xoxo
5	the best pizza i had while i lived in las vegas always good always got the meatball!
5	I lived in the east for a while, so I've had my fair share of good pizza. When I moved out here, I could not for the life of me, find a pizza place that was even close to the ones in the east.In fact, before Verrazano was recommended to me, I considered Dominos the best pizza in the area. This place has what I consider the best flat pizza, on my side of town, at least.I asked them why their pizza was better than the others in the area, and they said it was because they take precautions with their pizza dough, so that it doesn't dry out.They said that was the reason why there aren't any good pizza places out here.That sort of made sense to me, because it is much drier out here than in the east.Sometimes my wife tells me that the owners are a little rude, but she says that about everyone.So my wife would probably rate it as four stars, but I'm the one with the Yelp account, so five stars.
1	Didn't even order. The guy on the phone didn't even want to give me the time of day. I was asking for specials and prices and he said he didn't have time for me he was busy.  Call back when I'm ready. I ask if he has a website so I can check what they have and he said no. How am I supposed to be ready if I have no idea what's on your menu. Rude very rude. Bad customer service they need to work on that ASAP... I may try again later and I'll give another review but that was not a good start.. I can't even place a order without having bad customer service..
5	Its been awhile since ive been to Verrzanos. Dont know why i waited so long to return. Pizza was excellent like it always has been. The fingers were cooked perfect and the ranch was spot on. The only little complaint i have is the hot sauce had just a lil bit to much vinegar. Other then that everything was great
2	I have no idea what the hype is about. They have a decent lunch special of two slices and a drink for $5, but what I received was wet, limp, and gross. I couldn't tell if the pizza was undercooked, intended to be a Neopolitan style (doubtful) or simply drowning in lackluster sauce and grease, but I barely nibbled one slice and tossed the other.  Too many great pizza places in town to justify this one being open or having a four-star rating.
5	The best pie in town for over 25 years. My favorite us the cheese pizza. There ranch is legendary. The lunch 2 slice special is affordable and awesome. There is a no sagging pants rule lol.
5	There are others in the business who claim to be better, and this pizza is always awesome.  I order almost once a week, and it always rules.  Their homemade ranch sauce is the best!  Not an oily pizza, either.  When you lift your piece off, the cheese is real and stays in place, and there's no 'oil spill' under the slice.  Love them, and REASONABLY PRICED THE BEST PART!  Always on time and friendly, too.  Wish they were open on Mondays, though......would be great with MNF! :)
2	Came in one afternoon and decided to get the lunch special. I heard good things about this place so I was looking forward to trying the NY Style Pizza. Lunch Special was 2 slices of cheese pizza and a drink. Pretty good deal but the pizza left a lot to be desired. Pizza was wet and limp, almost undercooked. Just didn't stand up at all to NY pizza I've had in the past. Too bad. Not saying I wouldn't try it again but first impression was just not a good one.
5	great pie.perfect balance of dough. sauce  and cheese .nothing overpowering one another.
5	Come here ALOT. Been coming here on weekends with the family's for years now. Love all the workers here they all know us by name and know exactly what were going to order every time they see us walking in. We always have the big table in the back due to a big family. Definately top five pizza joint in the Valley. thanks for making it possible. Only recommendation is that they upgrade the TV in there. seems a bit old and have to squint while i'm watching the games. anywho im very happy with it.
5	Growing up, we couldn't afford Verrazano's... But they do have great lunch specials. The pizza is awesome... but the hidden star is the ranch dressing, the best. I tried the manicotti with a side of meatballs- so good!! Love places in my neighborhood!!
