4	oooh, so far my most favorite vietnamese restaurant in las vegas.  a friend of mine, who just moved here and is vietnamese, also feels that it's one of the better places here in vegas.  the big steaming hot bowls of pho are all good here.  remember when you eat pho, ask for the plate of vinegered onions.  then you smother them with hoisen sauce and the hot chili sriracha sauce.  so, take in some pho to the mouth and then take a fork full of onions.  ooooh yeahhhh.  also, i have to admit i love the wonton soup here.  you gotta order it with egg noodles.  so hearty with lots of wontons.  deelish!!!  it goes so good with those damn onions on the side too.   they do have a wide selection of sinh to (milkshakes)!  they have my favorite durian shake...it does stink, but it taste like vanilla when you drink it down...so when i'm looking for good vietnamese food, i am usually here if i'm not lazy.  i also always refer people to eat here.  so i do really think it's that good.
4	How does one ever choose which Vietnamese restaurant to go to when they are everywhere and their names are only differentiated by a number?  Because someone else must bring you there first, and that brings me to Pho Saigon 8.A packed place on Saturday afternoon, a bit of a wait for our party of 7.  It gets a bit crowded by the front because people are waiting to be seated while other people wait to pay.  (Note: You pay at the register after your meal, so don't wait around at your table for the check 'cuz you won't get it.  Just remember your table number when you get to the register, otherwise you'll be one of those dorks who has to walk back to the table just to find out what your table number was.)I had a typical bowl of pho with everything but the kitchen sink in it.  Accompanied with it came the standard fresh bean sprouts, Vietnamese basil, lemon, and jalapenos.  This place also provided some other leafy green to throw in, which is always a plus.  I don't mind the lemon, but sometimes I do like the lime in my soup though.  Like all typical pho places, all the tableware is on the table for you to help yourself with.  However, this place only provides a limited amount of napkins, not the whole napkin dispenser like some of my other favorite pho places.  I can be messy, and my nose is constantly dripping from all the sriracha sauce I use, so I like to have an endless supply of napkins available for my disposal.  Overall, a decent place.  Their menu is quite extensive, so you're bound to find something for everyone in here.  They even offer durian milkshakes, which is something you can't find or smell anywhere.  It gets crowded though, and to me, that's a good sign in a Vietnamese pho restaurant.Update: 04/23/07 - Went back and tried their Com Ga Nuong hay Thit Nuong Cha Gio ($7.15), which is grilled chicken (or sliced pork) and egg rolls with steamed rice.  I replaced it with their French rice for a bit of variety.  I've been missing the five spice chicken rice plate from PPQ in San Francisco, so that's why I decided to try their version of chicken rice plate.  It was definitely disappointing!  No skin or much taste at all.  Service was blah, I had to ask for tea twice and it didn't show up until after my meal came.  By then, I didn't want my tea anymore.  I know not to try their chicken rice plate again.Update! 10/10/07 - Brought some out of town guests for some pho and this was our safest bet for them.  I ordered 18. Pho Tai Nam Gau Gan Sach hay Pho Dac Biet (Small $6.35).  One friend really enjoyed the soup here.  He said it had a lot more flavor than some of the other pho joints he's been to, mostly in the South Bay.  We also ordered the 7. Banh Xeo ($7.50), also known as a Vietnamese pancake.  The crepe was lighter and crispier than the one I had at Pho Hung Restaurant, but it wasn't loaded as much.  It came with a mountain of greenery to eat with your crepe too.  You can't complain that they are being skimpy on the fresh veggie stuff, that's for sure!  The BF ordered 37. Banh Mi Bo Kho ($7.00), which is beef stew served with a small baguette of French bread.  He likes to get this a lot at Vietnamese restaurants.  Another friend was really impressed that they offered red rice too since she rarely sees that on the menu.I'll up their rating from a 3 to a 3.5.(I added pics of our eating in the business profile this time!)
4	This is the only Vietnamese restaurant I have eaten at in Vegas, and I was thorougly satisfied with the food.  Relaxed atmosphere, great place to bring kids, but the tables are a bit too cramped in places.We've had both the chicken as well as various beef pho, and it was all excellent.  Great broth!  Mmmmmmmmmmm.  The spring rolls were very tastey as well.
4	Funny story: so apparently people still go by word of mouth and not by yelp, but my dad was obsessed with finding a "Pho Saigon 88" because his friend had been there and thought it was amazing. We drove all the way down spring mountain road trying to find this non-existent place and all the while passing perfectly good korean, chinese, japanese, and other pho places! i was starving and getting angry until my parents were like "hmm...do you think its 8 and not 88? i don't know...lets do it!" so we finally stop and eat! the restaurant is clean and pleasantly decorated. I loved the pho bo's soup, tasty and steaming wth good pho-ness. I give it a 3 because the meat had a meaty smell, not a tasty beef smell, and my dad's bun bo hue (usually a favorite) didn't have the spice it should have.
5	I am a big fan of Pho.  My favorite Pho restaurant is in Long Beach on 3242 E. Anaheim St..  It used to be Pho Hong Long but was sold and the name is now called Pho Hong Phat.  It's still better than average Pho, just not as good as the former owner's.  When I read about Pho Saigon 8, I convinced my honey to try it with me.  We come to Vegas quite often and I was yearning for a good bowl of Pho.  Previously we had tried Pho So #1 and he couldn't even finish it.  The meat was so tough, even a meat lover like him could not eat it.  We usually order a plate of Vietnamese Fried Egg Rolls, Cha Gio, and #22 Pho Chin.  I can't stand gamy meat smell, so I always order well done meat.  The broth is rich in flavor and noodles are cooked just right.  The fried egg rolls are pipping hot and crispy.  The servers are friendly and efficient.  We get our food within 10 mintes after we order.  This has become a must-stop joint whenever we are in Vegas.
4	Visiting Las Vegas and need a Pho Fix? Tired of paying through the nose for flashy Casino Faux Asian food without authentic, down-home goodness? If you have a rental, venture up the strip and turn west on Spring Mountain (Circus Circus and Sahara, near Fashion Show Mall). Go about 2 blocks, and between Wynn Road and Decatur, you will find the asian shopping and restaurant district of LV. Vietnamese, Japanese, Korean, Malaysian, Taiwanese, you name it.!Pho Saigon 8 is in this area. A large place seating up to 100 (25 tables of four). It must be run by the second generation, because it is clean, has quality decorative modern furniture, high ceilings, clean floors, computer POS terminals, and tasteful 18x24 art pieces of young Vietnamese women. Popular love songs, but no big screen DVD variety shows!Their name implies they only serve Pho, but they serve a large array of typical Vietnamese dishes. Yes, Pho Bo (beef) and Pho Ga (chicken) ranging from $4.50 to $7.00; but also Hu Tieu and Mi (Pork or Seafood Soups with Rice or Egg Noodles $7.50),  Com Dia (Rice Plates $6.95 to $9.00), Bun (Vermicelli noodles including the popular  Bun Bo Hue, from $6.35 to $9.50) and deserts (3 types of Che) and drinks (i.e. Vietnamese coffee, coconut juice, plum soda, etc.)The Pho was good, albeit the sprouts and basil were a little wilted. This is a pleasant atmosphere with pretty good food and acceptable service. Not sure what the 8 represents in Vietnamese. It might imply that the restaurant is run by Chinese, since 8 in that culture is good luck, and also refers to longevity, as in the popular myths of the 8 immortals.
2	My boyfriend and I went there today.   This is our second time there... the first experience is good but today, we ordered a large bowl of seafood pho and it came with only 2 tiny shrimps, two pieces of squids and some frozen seafood meatballs that tasted really stale.  I do not recommend this place.
4	If i were still in San Jose then i'd only give 3 stars but considering the Vietnamese population isn't as dense this place is pretty much the only place to get a decent bowl of Pho, I give it a 4 because unless a whole shop in San Jose sprouts some wheels and drives down here to set up shop i don't eat Pho anywhere elseDrink a lot of water the MSG is noticeable
4	I think I'm writing about Vietnamese places too much, but I just love Pho.  I tried the beef stew here.  A bit more oily than to my liking.  However, it still had a good kick to it.  The Cha Gio (Egg Rolls) were a bit more crispy than Pho So 1's, but better than Pho Kim Long's.  I didn't get to try the pho here yet, but I did get the Bun Bi (Vermicelli Noodles with lemongrass beef and vegetables).  It's just as good as any other place.  The place is clean, the waiters are prompt in the beginning, but kind of forget about you later on.  Still, I didn't need much.  Too bad I can't give a 3.5 star rating, but I'll edge them out to a 4.
3	In the spirit of Don King, I'll have to put up two heavyweight contenders:Pho Saigon 8 "I 8 pho" vs. Pho So 1 "yea so, we #1" This is a lot like Ken vs. Ryu (Street Fighter!)... if you don't know what the hell I'm talking about, than you missed out on an era of video games, and my set-up for the review was wasted because than I can't explain it to you terms of Kens flaming dragon punch vs. Ryu's flaming fireball. If you do know Street Fighter, than you'd know that I'm trying to say is that I think both restaurants are almost comparable to each other.This is how I see how each breaks down - I order "Pho Tai Nam Gau Gan Sach hay Pho Dac Biet":Pho So 1 - PRO'S:. This is typically the place I normally go to when I'm hungover like I normally am in Vegas. Pho does a body good after drinks.. It's clean, it's nicer looking than most Pho restaurants, and it's usually packed...most often with some hotties.. They have an extensive menu. huge parking lot. Catch up on finding a real estate agent because they advertise in the menu.. Meat quality is better than most LA Pho restaurants I've been too.CON'S:. Mediocre pho broth. Can sometimes taste like beef broth in a can. The 99.8% fat free kind. Come on! Fat is flavor!. Service??. Get distracted by look'n at the menu cuz a bunch of real agents advertise in the menu.Pho Saigon 8PRO'S. Pho broth is slightly better than So #1. Won numerous awards in several publications for best Pho/Vietnamese restaurant.. My friend "Double D" says this is her favorite place, and she's a local.. Meat quality is better than most LA Pho restaurants.. The #8 is a goodluck number to Asians. Esp, Asians who gamble.CON'S. Smaller parking lot. The day we went they forgot about our drink order.. Older and less appealing interior. $7 freak'n dollars for a LARGE bowl which isn't any bigger than So #1's large bowl of Pho. In fact, I think it's slightly smaller.. My boba in my Thai Ice tea was like rubber pellets.. It's located further west on Spring Mountain than So #1It's almost a toss up, but I'd have to give it up to Pho So #1 mainly because it's more convenient, and it's a slightly better value than #8 regardless of taste.
4	Pho So 8 is awesome.  I was hesitant until I went in and saw a ton of viets there.  Pho was good...cha gio could be better.
4	Until now, I really did not know the difference between good and merely average pho.  I have eaten at different places in LA and Orange County, but I suppose I was eating at places that were not Vietnamese neighborhoods, which presumably would have the best pho.In any event, the key to good pho seems to be the broth (blinding flash of the obvious).  And whatever they do to their broth, it has a much richer flavor, much similar in the sense that the right broth makes miso soup or ramen excellent.Even at 3pm on a Saturday afternoon, this place is crowded, though we got a seat right away.  It has big tables for parties of 10 and it was being used as such, rather than a bunch of small parties.The service was incredibly good for a bustling Asian restaurant and tolerant of our non-pho expertise.  As a note, instead of getting a bill at your table, when you pay up, just note your table number to the register.  Very efficient.After being charged $12.99 for essentially a grand slam Denny's breakfast and $3.99 for a glass of juice at the casino, I was happy to pay $35 for 2 large bowls of pho, 1 small bowl of pho, 2 order of spring rolls and 2 hot teas.
4	Driving from Red Rock to Paris Hotel, I was looking for a Pho resturantlike I always do when I am in town. My buddy in the car pointed out at Pho Saigon 8 as we were driving down spring mountain. What the hell, I said as always. Already tried 5 different spots and all came up short of being good Pho. Got seated and was brought these huge, color, and pictured menu. Right off the back I knew this place was a real authentic Vietnamese joint. Went here 3 times in 2 day.enough said.Pho tai large : soup was very, very flavorful but the large there is our                           medium here.. And the bowl was $7. Wtf.. I know                          prices have gone up, but how does sink water increase                          prices?? And the onion oil helps inchance the flavor of                          Pho. Try it.#19 Beef Stew/ French bread : Soup was flavorful with nice size beef                                                         chunks. Make sure to make a side                                                         order for a extra bread. 1 bread is not                                                         enough.HA!That pretty much sums up my past experience there and WOULD highly recommend this spot.DO NOT GO TO THESE LOCATIONS!!!Kim Long II- to blandLittle saigon - large is nothing but water and soup was decentPho Huong - Brutal , No flavorPho Hung - Attention, your pho taste like crap. No flavor
3	Pho Saigon 8 - was our first taste of Pho in Las Vegas since the move from NYC.  I love Pho!  There's just something about a nice big bowl of Pho thats just so comforting!  Born and raised in NYC's Chinatown I definitely know my Pho.  My gf is Vietnamese and from Boston where the Pho is even better than in NY.  Pho is all about the broth.  I, for one, love my soup dark, beefy, and with a little bit of oil from the bones of the beef.  Pho Saigon 8 has a much lighter broth in color and taste.  It does however, give it a more refreshing and cleaner tasting broth.  *If your broth tastes like its missing something, add some Fish Sauce (Nuoc Mum), but be warned, a little goes a long way!) The deep fried egg rolls/spring rolls were ok as were the summer rolls.  I like mine made with the white rice paper instead of the generic yellow eggroll paper.  It has little air bubbles popped on the skin that gives the eggroll/spring roll some added crunch and texture.  The summer rolls looked fresh and tasted good with the peanut sauce. The limeade soda (Soda Chanh) is good.  Many locals have prasied this place and I can see why.  Not a bad spot to get some Pho.
4	Some friends and I were on a birthday trip to Vegas when we decided to get some pho and asked several dealers and bartenders at MGM Grand where we could find a good place.  We got several recommendations and we couldn't decide, so we randomly picked a place.  Luckily we picked Pho Saigon 8.  We were seated right away and by the owner no less.  We ordered the following: egg rolls, spring rolls, 2 special pho bowls, 1 cubed tender beef dish, and 1 rice with grilled pork.  The egg rolls and the spring rolls were pretty standard for vietnamese apps, although the dipping sauce for the spring rolls was better than usual.  The bowls of pho were good and the pieces of meat were generous.  The beef dish had such tender big chunks of meat that were cooked to perfection.  The pork dish was standard, but tasty nontheless.  This was a welcomed escaped from the over priced food and buffetts on the strip.  Total bill was around $50 for 4 of us and my favorite part of the meal was my green soy milk, mm mm sooo good.  I highly recommend this place to any wary travelor to Vegas.  Hope this helps!
3	Pho Saigon 8 is my bf's favorite pho place. So by osmosis, I guess its mine, too. He says they have the best broth. I ... can't tell. It all tastes great to me. All pho is good. I don't know. Everything else is typical Viet joint. Tacky decor, unsanitary-looking bathrooms, curt but quick service, portions are huge (big bowls of pho for ~$8). The menu is concise, standard Viet. They actually have stuff, too. We've been to other joints and ordered menu items that are no longer available. They haven't been available. They will never be available. What, you can't change the menu or something? One time, on a whim, we just tried the pennyworth drink. Had no idea what it was. It tasted like grass. Mental note: just stick with the coconut. As much as I mediocre-like this place, pho is always a great solution to a hangover. Cheers. * off the strip, non-casino
3	I come here when I want some pho. Think its somewhat better than other pho places. The pho taste a little less oily.
4	The food was decent.  I didn't expect to get good Vietnamese food in Las Vegas... This place totally surprised us.  I came here with a large group including some of my uncles and aunts.  You know how Vietnamese elderlies are, they are picky.  And yet, they were happy with the food here.  They love it.  We had pho, hu tieu, bun rieu, bun bo hue, Korean short ribs over tomato rice.  All of them were good.
5	Of all the pho I've had in town, this is clearly my favorite. It's too bad I can't enjoy it in the summer months. A hot bowl of soup and 110 degrees don't mix well.
4	Pho is a challenge in this city. I have not found a really good place yet, but Pho Saigon 8 can make the cut of being decent.The taste of the broth is a lot better than all the other pho restaurants in the city, as it wasn't as oily. The only bad part is that there was MSG in there, and a lot of it! I got really thirsty afterwards, and I got a headache! Ehh....I would have given it 5, but the taste just got to me afterwards...In addition, the service was just awful after our food came. Our drinks and food came right away, but when it was refill time....not a soul came by to visit! We even asked for refills when we did find someone, but we waited too long and decided to leave... BOO!If I were to choose a place for pho, this would be it (as I have no other choice...)
3	Yes, I totally agree with Rachel D. in that it is a total challenge to find a decent pho place in Las Vegas.  It sucks that we from Hendertucky have to drive 20 mins over just to eat pho!! Anyway, the pho is good and oh-so much better than pho so 1 down the street. Less greasy and more flavorful!
1	All the Pho restaurant here in Vegas is about the same...but the service at the place just makes it bad. The staff is rude...don't greet you...they just seem like they don't want to be there...so why would you? The place is dim/ depressing and dirty. If your a Pho connoisseur and see sauces and gack splatter on the wall you know this place is dirty. It's just un-appetizing.  If they don't care what the dinning area looks like ...just wonder what happens in the kitchen. Not worth giving it a second try.
4	This is the first pho place I visited in vegas and it's good! The rice dishes are good too.
4	I just moved to Vegas from the San Jose, CA area so I have a rather high expectation for Pho ... I've been to 2 other places here in town and both have been quite disappointing but this made up for it quite a bit. Although not as good as some of the spots in San Jose or Milpitas, this is so far the best one I've had in town and does hit the spot quite well when you haven't had good pho for a while
1	I visited Pho Saigon 8 just this past week because of it's ratings on Yelp. What a major disappointment. This restaurant doesn't even compare to the Vietnamese places I've frequented in San Jose, or my more recent home in Santa Rosa. The broth for their Pho is watered down and really pretty tasteless. So sadly, I will never visit this restaurant again. I'll look for another place the next time I visit Las Vegas. I can't believe this place gets such a high rating. I guess taste buds dry up in the desert.
5	Everything's relative.I've read some disappointing reviews on Pho Saigon 8 from some Californians here on Yelp.  You see, they come from environs where Asians are not a small minority, but a small majority.  Just by virtue of sheer statistics, I'd expect that the pho experiences they've had are "better."That said, I love pho.  I've been eating it for years.  I've lived in NoCal and SoCal, and in my opinion, Pho Saigon 8's a good joint.  As the best in Vegas, it may not better the best in Cali, but I still only go here whenever I crave pho since I live here in Vegas - and I have frequent cravings.  I've eaten pho from about half a dozen different spots in Vegas, and this is the best one out of all of them from a value and pho quality standpoint.  Pricing is pretty reasonable - not a killer deal, but a very good one relative to the other pho restaurants in the area.  There's a wide variety of different pho combinations (deriving from variety in the combinations of beef offered, from flank to tendon to beef balls to tripe).  One observer noted that the broth is quite salty and not oily - she is dead on.  I have a weakness for saltiness, so I don't mind it, but you'll be reaching for water after you finish your pho, especially if you delve into the broth.  Another small plus is that they are quite generous with the basil and sprouts add ons relative to other Vietnamese restaurants I've had pho at.Also, since the restaurant is relatively new, the dining area seems relatively clean, if spartan.  Pho Saigon 8 always seems busy whenever I go, which is good from a food turnover standpoint.  The bathrooms aren't particularly nice...a bit skeevy...but could be much worse - by Asian restaurant standards, I'd say it's slightly above average.  The servers are generally workmanlike; not particularly friendly, but not rude either.  You may have to work to get their attention if you need something though, and they never check up on you after serving you your food like non-Asian restaurants.  The non-pho dishes I've eaten and seen eaten by friends have always been of comparable quality to the pho too.  The pho comes out quickly, and the restaurant can accommodate everyone from single diners to large groups.  I'd like to give this a 4.5 out of 5, but since you have to award a 4 or 5, I'm giving it a 5 because I eat here regularly as a fan of pho, it has very good value, and I believe it to be the best Vietnamese food in the area.  As a bonus, they don't have any annoying credit card minimums which seem to sneak up on you in some of the local Asian restaurants.
4	I tried the grilled chicken pho and found it to be very good. I loved how the broth was very clear and didn't seem greasy at all. The place was *packed* so that must be a good sign. Atmosphere and service were both better than one would accept in such a spot. The faux granite tables... the weird booth in the front for making phone calls.. or wiring money.. or something like that . What more can you ask for? It did seem a tad pricey at 6.50ish a bowl, but maybe that's normal for pho.. I'm no expert. The other thing that sucks about this place for a work day lunch is that you will leave smelling like Pho. It might not seem that bad, but you hardly smell professional when you return to your office ! Plus the coat I was wearing still smells like Pho 5 days later. Maybe they could increase their ventilation? I guess I'm the only one that noticed this though, as no one else on Yelp seemed to care.
5	Large #20 (Beef, tendon, flank, and more...) $7.50Maybe it was because I was hungry, but this is bowl of Pho was one of the best bowls I've ever had. I especially loved the green onions in the soup and the steak like piece of beef tendon. I've never had tendon so thick and delicious before!
4	It was especially cold this past weekend in Vegas so the Pho tasted extra delicious. Good quality Pho with fresh ingredients and a great tasting soup! I would definitely stop by again when I come back to the city of sin.
4	Arrived in vegas to meet customers, and before hand just wanted to have something to eat at this place. Always has the best vietnamese dishes.Very friendly, and their herbal tea served chilled are totally awsome.Definitely recommended if you like vietnamese food.
2	I am not normally big on Pho, but there are times when one could use a good hot broth. I am staying in Vegas for the winter, and tried the Pho at Pho Huong Saigon on Decatur as it is closest to me. The experience there had me thinking there MUST be better Pho around, particularly as this is Las Vegas's asian strip with many Viet Pho places. So I  yelped and found the highly rated Pho Sai Gon 8.I went there and found it to be crowded for the lunch rush - a good sign I thought. I order the chicken Pho, with both white and dark meat. 5 minutes later the Pho arrived, packed with meat and noodles. I dug in.The good:- Excellent quantity of food. - Lotsa flavor.The not so good- The broth was oily and the saltiness reeked of MSG. For the first time ever eating Pho, I didnt drink most of the broth.- The meat was tough and remained so as it sat in the broth.- The service was perfunctory, with the crowds of people. I left a dollar because someone did come along and refilled my water, otherwise I was left alone.- The Pho was pricey at 7.50 for a large bowl.For the first time ever leaving a Pho place, I left unfulfilled and wanting food. I considered going to the cheap and cheerful BBQ King chinese joint behind Pho Saigon 8, but settled for a sardine Bahn Mi at the little bakery in the mall.With all the choices around on Spring Mountain, I wont be back at Pho Saigon 8.
3	I went here to try to find an authentic version of a vietnamese curry chicken dish i had at TI's Pho restaurant.I ordered a chicken noodle Pho and a curried chicken over rice dish, the latter of the two dishes being awesome, sweet and and just the right amount of spicy. Generous large portions reasonably priced. It was my first time trying Pho, which was a  huge soup with everything in it but the kitchen sink. It was good, not amazing but good.Also ordered a weird drink, it was like a strawberry shake but had these weird balls inside of it that were hard to suck up a straw also this weird texture once in your mouth...felt like I was chewing on an eyeball or something, weird .I'd try this place again and maybe get a little more adventurous with my Pho selection next time. Nix the drink though.
3	I've eaten here a few times.  I can't say if it's the best pho in Vegas - as I've only been to a couple other places around town for pho - but it is delicious.As others have stated, the broth is a bit on the salty side.  I don't mind salty, but it tends to overshadow some of the sweet component of the broth that makes pho unique and not just some generic noodle dish.I ordered #18, dac biet - which includes rare beef, tripe, and tendon.  There was a really large chunk of tendon at the bottom of the bowl and that was my favorite part.  I also ordered a banh mi french baguette for one dollar which helped sop up some of the broth.The place is clean, easy parking, and super fast service (pho arrived less than 2 minutes from order).  I'll be back for sure.
4	I was surprised by the generous portions of lettuce with that came with my order of spring rolls.  Attentive and quick service.  Never had a problem flagging down one of the 4 servers on duty.  An all around good experience.  The first pho I've had in Vegas.  While not the best broth I've ever tasted, it wasn't disappointing.
5	Best Vietnamese restaurant in town.I've dined in just about every location on Spring Mountain Rd., and this is the place I've been coming to for the past year or two. It is often packed with people throughout the day, even towards the late night. - Clean, flavorful broth. - Good portions for a good price.- Great selection of food items, roughly over 100 different choices.- Favorites are "everything-pho", Bun Bo Hue, and the Fried Spring Rolls. - Service is better than most for asian establishments, they are quick and attentive, but few do not speak english.- Restaurant is clean and nicely maintained.Overall, a great place at a great price.
4	One of the best viet restaurants in vegas. Reasonable prices, good service. I used to go here maybe twice a week when i lived in vegas.
4	Definitely the best pho I've had in Vegas. I used to be a loyal Pho Kim Long fan, but Saigon 8 won me over. Their meat is much more tender, and it doesn't come out overcooked and rubbery. It does tend to get a little crowded sometimes, and I definitely like the seating at Kim Long better, but for the overall value and quality Saigon 8 is the place to go for Pho.
5	one of the best pho places ever!  we were in vegas last summer and really wanted some pho. so we went here and even though the place was really hot and crowded, the pho was delicious! so when we went back in december, i was afraid i was going to be let down (simply because I thought i over-hyped it to myself from the first time I went here).  BUT! i wasnt let down.  the pho was even better when its not blazing hot outside.  yum yum yumthe meat, rice plates, meatballs, noodles, etc. etc. are all great! the portion size is good for the price you pay and the place is very clean.  the service is quick and efficient.  GO HERE IF YOURE IN VEGAS AND WANT PHO!
4	wow, whoever thought in the desert wasteland known as las vegas, amongst the gambling, strip clubs, and dirty dirties, lies the gem of a pho place known as pho saigon 8. this place is pretty darn tasty. as per ritual, i always sip the soup before i massacre it with mints, lime, chilis, sriracha, and bean sprouts. excellent broth. a weeee bit too salty, but theres no complaints there. u can defintely taste the thirst coming an hour later.wow they sure give a whole lot of meat. and it tastes good meat too. tender, juicy meat. yum.noodles were just right. just chewy, and even after awhile, didn't sog up. good good noodles. i also got the three color drink. it was a bit small. and the tapioca things didn't have the cruncy chestnuts inside like i like them. but it was pretty good. service was even decent. and my friends all loved the hot chicks rollin in.  but i din't think they were so hot. all in all, a good pho place.
4	I do not know about this place being the best but it sure does get really close to it. The food is very good. I had the beef stew with egg noodles and it had lots of flavor and it was seasoned very well. I cannot believe I finished a large bowl. The pho was one of the best I had in town. I did not get any rice dishes but it looked really appetizing. They do not mess around when it comes to service. As soon as you walk in the door the wait staff is all over you. I highly suggest dining at this place.
2	A family friend referred Pho Saigon 8 as "The Best Vietnamese Food in Town."  Since we were in the area, we decided to give the pho a try.  To my taste buds, pho has to be piping hot.  Lukewarm soup does not make me happy.  In fact, it ruins the whole meal.  I ordered Pho Tai and I didnt observe any steam coming out of my medium sized bowl.  The meat was fresh and not tough at all.  The egg rolls were eh.
4	OMG... I was totally shocked by the flavorful broth! This place is great after a whole night of getting intoxicated which is exactly why we wanted Pho instead of all those americanized asian restaurants in Vegas.  I called my friend Thuy (one foodie to another) and she introduced me to this place...so thanks THUY!
4	Went there last night for dinner, and it was a good, filling meal.  Walked in, got immediately seated ("Do you have a lonely table for one?  Thank you."), and got the menu.  After getting my beverages with a few minutes looking at the menu, I gave my order and started to read the local Filipino (English language) newspaper.  I swear, my hot steaming bowl of pho came out in less than five minutes.  Granted, I know that the ingredients for pho are probably ready ("mise en place") to get it out to the customer but it was quick.  Twenty minutes from walking in to walking out?  I know where I need to go if I need to eat with no time on the clock.  And it was good food (item #18, and the broth was a bit saltier than I like).I didn't get a chance to case the joint, as I was given literally the first table as you walk in.  But, I saw Viet families and some other non-Asian folks enjoying their meals.  Since it is farther away from the Strip, I would assume the clientele is more civilized and respectful (re: not drunk, no loutish behavior).  Will try out the other pho joints, but Pho Saigon 8 is a good Mom and Pop to seriously consider.
5	This is my favorite Pho place to date!!! Their broth just rocks with beef flavor and huge portions. They also don't gyp (no offense to gypsies) you on the bean sprouts, basil, peppers, and lime like most places do. Everyone gets a heaping plate full, not for all to share.I always wash it down with their home-made soy milk. It's nutty with the right amount of sweetness, and refreshing even in the hot Vegas weather.
5	best pho in vegas! think of this place as the GOLDEN DELI of vegas! hahahah all you SGV people kno what im talking about.this place is really good, always consistent, clean and super helpful. they dont charge you for tea (hate it when places do that) and they are super good about bringing you extra stuff like limes ect.i come here all the time, its a little further from the strip than other places, but it is worth the drive, you will never be disapointed. I DO NOT DARE EAT PHO ANYWHERE ELSE (except maybe hue thai) lol Rice plates are good here and other noodle dishes too.
5	Best pho in Vegas!
5	This place really hits the spot! My family was in town last weekend and we really were craving these noodles being that we havent had it in  a loooooooooooong time. I loved it. I got the Pho #18 plus some meatballs. the 4 meatballs arent worth the extra few bucks you have to pay for them, but it was still wonderful to eat overall. It was as close to how my mother used to fix it as i have come across here in vegas.The serving were huge and great for the price we paid.  i would definitely would go back again and im sure when my family comes back into town we will be hitting this place up again. I guess as far customer service goes, it wasnt bad. I think it would be great if they opened one up in north las vegas being that we dont have one on this side of town at all.
1	I feel weird giving this place such a low review considering how many good reviews this place has received. Maybe I'm just a bit pickier than most, or it could be that there was only one item on the menu I could eat and it turned out to be a greasy mess. Unfortunately it wasn't pho either since all of their pho is beef or chicken based.It was probably my mistake for expecting to find vegetarian pho, which I've had in all the pho restaurants I've been in from Texas to California. I guess Nevada is the exception, despite the wide variety of vegetarian cuisine in Vietnam thanks to a large Buddhist population.My review is probably only useful for those who are vegan/vegetarian. For all others you can probably safely ignore anything I have to say about the food here.
4	it was really good bowl of pho. is it me the vietnamese people don't eat meat at all? because a big bowl of pho only has 4 slices of beef and 3 beefballs. I think if any of you on Atkin diet, shouldn't come here, because they give out lots of noodle. oh the broth is really good, this good on a cold day.
4	I am an absolute fan of vietnamese food and have eaten at many restaurants.  This one definitely stands out from the others and I know there are a lot of vietnamese restaurants to choose from in that area.  When my family traveled to Las Vegas, we actually dined here twice because we were pleased to find such a great restaurant the first time.The broth is what I consider the most important part of a good bowl of noddle soup.  The beef AND seafood broth were both spectacular and delicious.  I like the atmosphere and the quality of the pieces of meat. Only bad thing is the price.  I do not like how there are other restaurants just down the street for a more affordable price for a little less  in expectations.  That knocks it down one star.  The restroom is a bit dirty but its nothing extreme.  You should go try it out!
4	My favorites are the fried spring rolls, Pho soup, Won ton soup with egg noodles, clean and fast service. There are 2 downfalls which is they don't have very good vermicelli noodle bowl and no Vietnamese BBQ! I still rate it high for my favos!
5	Perhaps, one of the best Pho places that I have been to. The menu is very big so you have a lot of choices. Whatever Pho you order, they include a lot of meat. The waiters are polite and courteous - they didn't get offended or gave me a blank stare when I asked for a fork.The place is nicely decorated and crowded., but we didn't have to wait to get a table.  Awesome place to go to if you are in Vegas. It was only about 10min drive from the strip. I'd recommend this place if you really want a quality bowl of Pho in Vegas.
5	Saigon 8 is by far the best pho place ever!!  My boyfriend and  I have been regulars there for about 3 years now.   I always take my friends or family that visit to saigon 8 and everyone always loves it.  They have the best pho Ive ever had and it is consistently excellent.   I usually get the fried spring rolls, fresh or tofu spring rolls and the white meat chicken soup.  Sometimes i branch out and order the beef pho, wonton pho with egg noodles or beef stew noodle soup.  I also occasionally order the korean bbq rice plate or another variation of rice platter.  I also like to end the meal with an iced vietnamese coffee with condensed milk. yum!  I must say Saigon 8 is one of our favorite restaurants in Vegas.  Its inexpensive and consistently delicious.
3	Ate here after cruising around Spring Mountain Road for a bit...realized that I came here a few years ago based on some yelp reviews.  Ordered the Bun Cha Gio this time...pretty average meal and not a fan of their Cha Gio.
3	I pretend to be the Pho expert, because i've been around the Vietnamese noodle town once or twice...or a billion times. I would say this place was a great place considering it's location. I wasn't expecting much and i gotta say they impressed me. From the small detail of simply cleaning their vegetables beautifully to the soup that was not 85 percent fat, which is common among beef pho and it leaves an absolutely disgusting smell in your breath. I was expecting terrible and i received an okay experience. Not the best pho i've tasted and certainly not the cheapest (lord do they know how to rape your wallet)If you're in vegas and want something other than alcohol, definitely go here.
3	I think everyone understands when I say: Everyone needs a good bowl of pho in their life. Luckily for Las Vegas go-ers and locals, Pho Saigon 8 is the place to get that bowl! With a murky broth, the pho is simply tasty! Add hoison sauce, sriracha, lime, and a ton of bean sprouts and you're pho bowl is set for success. The service is good (OMG. People actually speak engrish here!), the place is clean (OMFG. I can drink the water?!), and the food is good! (AS IT SHOULD BE!) Pho Saigon 8 continues to impress me on my visits to Vegas and it's nice breather (away from the cigarette smoke) from the strip.Although... parking is a BITCH! as it always is!
3	In the last 2+  years, I never missed coming here every time I came to Vegas, sometimes more than once during a trip.  And let me tell you, I call Vegas my home away from home.  But the last time I was here, it was a big disappointment.  We got here 15 minutes before closing.  Surprisingly we were not the last customers.  There were several people came in after us as late as 1 minute before closing.  However at the strike of 10:00pm, they promptly turn off the neon 'OPEN' sign.  I don't know if the timing had anything to do with my experience, but the broth of the PHO was so spicy and off that neither I nor my fiance was able to finish 1/2 of it.  I was just grossed out by it that I couldn't eat another bowl of PHO for a good 2 months anywhere!!!!  I blame Pho Saigon 8 for ruining my love for PHO because unlike before when I'd crave PHO every week, I hardly eat PHO anymore.  Giving it 3 stars is being kind.  I felt like my BFF had really let me down!
4	If you're looking for decent Pho at a place that's consistent this is the place for you. I Always get the white chicken Pho with spring rolls or the fried rolls. I'm sure they use MSG, but haven't found a place yet that doesn't. Good overall and close to the strip for you tourists.
5	I think this place has the best pho in Las Vegas.  Been here about a dozen times and it's consistently good - tasty broth, flavorful meats, and well-cooked noodles.  Service can be sometimes friendly and sometimes brusque, but it's always fast.  Highly recommended.
3	Havent been to a Pho House in a while so this was pleasant. Parking was okay, but tight. Location is pretty far off the strip.Fresh Spring Roll Appetizer was good, I had the Rice combo. Your choice of BBQ Pork of BBQ Chicken, I took the Chicken and Egg Rolls. Great. Love it. It came with a broth soup.Pickled Carrots and some dipping sauce. The other dish was Pho and Viet Ice Coffee. All together $20. What a deal.
3	Quick review: Came here with a vegas resident. Didn't try the pho, but did try the bun bo hue. Pretty good serving for a large. I asked for extra noodles which was perfect. The soup wasn't that spicy but had an ok amount of flavor. Wish there was more flavor. I like this place bc they have lots of noodle soups, not just the Pho. They have bun rieu - which I haven't had in a long time. I usually eat this at my grandma's house. Its quite a drive from the strip. The prices are decent.
3	okay, I went to eat at this place several times, and every single time, the smell of fish sauce on the table bothers me much, the service is okay, not friendly, I ordered the vermicelli with grilled pork and shrimp, the noodle is so cold that I had to tell them to microwave it again,they put a lot of MSG into the broth that after finishing eating, you will have to drink plenty plenty of water, too bad
4	Review: Beef stew with egg noodlesInstead of staying at the casinos and middle of the strip area to eat, we decided to look up a high rated pho joint. We picked the right spot and the drive from the Venetian wasn't far compared to driving from SF to Vegas. Soup was very flavorful and thick which was awesome. Had beef chunks...a good amount of them in the bowl- not chewy or dry at all. The noodles were a little thinner than what I'm used to, but this is at a different area so I shouldn't fault that- chewy noodles and fresh. Also had a couple carrots in the bowl which was nice..it wasn't cook all the way through to where it was soggy and I thought it was just right. I always ordered the beef strew with egg noodles in S.F at the usual spot I go to and thought it was pretty good, up until last weekend. Pho Saigon 8's beef stew was so good...I can't subject myself to anything lower. Oh yeah....I went there a second time and ordered the same thing right before hitting the road and driving home. Again...it was awesome.
5	I have to tell you that this is the place that I stop to pick up a bowl of pho when I'm on the other side of town. If in Henderson, I visit their location on Eastern. So, it all depends on my "pho mood" for that day. Will it be #5 or #10; maybe with brisket, maybe with flank, or meatballs. You have a selection here and pho is their specialty. I went here on morning at 10am hoping that they would be open, and I got lucky! Love this place!
4	The most elaborate menu I've ever seen at a Vietnamese joint. I opted for the rare beef pho and was not disappointed. The noodle to beef portions was just about right and the broth was delishus. The bowl of noodles was a little pricier than I'm use to but not by much.
3	Food on the strip tends to be cheap and disgusting or super expensive and delicious.  Since we didn't want to spend an arm and a leg for every meal, we tried this place.  Just a mile down from the strip where all the asia restaurants seem to be, this place was humble in decor, which was a good sign.  However, it was not too packed on a Friday night, not a great sign.  I ordered the Wonton noodle soup and the broth was good but it didn't taste like it went through many hours of meat, bone, and marrow stewing.  The meat within the wonton tasted like it was previously frozen and it didn't have a great balance of meat and veg.  I ordered Thai Ice Tea with Boba and the Boba were super gummy, which meant they had been sitting in syrup for a while.  Overall, better than McDonalds but not the best Pho place.
2	Cheap filling eats on the strip if you like Vietnamese food. Their chicken Pho was decent, broth was good, but they didn't use just chicken breast ... so my Fiance and I had yucky looking pieces of chicken that just looked completely unappetizing. For a $13 bowl of Pho ... I would think they would only use chicken breast .... They brought out a lot of lime as requested .. some Vietnamese restaurants are pretty stingy with lime most of the time. They also have us a lot of Thai basil to put in our soup too. This was a plus.
5	What a find!  We had the Beef Pho and egg rolls.  The broth for the Pho was really, really nice.  It was subtle and didn't punch you in the face with flavor.  I really like the delicateness of the broth as opposed to strongly flavored broths.  Super clean compared to most Pho places I've been which is a plus.
3	A great pho place that may leave you with Chinese Fast Food Syndrome, full when you're done, but hungry 30 minutes later.I came during a very busy time for lunch, and saw a lot of Asian families here. This is a good sign. Like most Asian restaurant, there is very little to no service. Sit, order, eat, pay, out. The pho is good here. The broth is good, but the noodle is lacking like all the other places in town. In terms of portion, this place doesn't serve as big of a portion than Pho 87. Pho Saigon 8 is a little more expensive than other places if you do a comparison of price to portions. However, it is tasty for what you get.The other issue with this place was I felt full after eating the bowl of Pho, but 5 minutes later I was hungry. I do have a big appetite, but I just got the case of Chinese Fast Food Syndrome, which all points to MSG. For me personally, I could care less about MSG. I could even eat MSG ice cream wrapped in bacon. But, for those concern about MSG, I'm fairly certain this place uses MSG.This is a decent pho place. Very tasty stuff. Is it the best pho place in Vegas? Nope. But it should be satisfactory for most people.
3	i love having relatives that live in vegas.... i get to enjoy the culinary treats that are off strip, delicious, and without the unnecessary fluff that comes with the territory of being on-strip.  pho saigon is no fuss, no muss delicious vietnamese food.  i enjoyed the rolls and a vermicelli bowl with both pork and shrimp, although they were a little stingy with the shrimp portion of the dish.  i was able to also sample my cuzzo's veggie tofu pho which was delicious and chock-full of vegetables.  it is rather expensive for vietnamese fare, but the portions are large (even when ordering a small).  they have a lot of staff, and things come out quickly and hot!  a downside, my cuzzo ordered a thai iced tea with tapioca pearls, and the tapiocas were hard as rocks.  they were accommodating though and offered to cook up another batch, but she declined.
3	The beef stew isn't what everyone else here made it out to be. It was more like a thick starchy soup (as in, some cook threw in corn starch or something like that) and but not extremely flavorful and beef-y tasting (like how a real stew should be). I also tried the grilled pork over rice - pretty decent. Nothing to really write home about, but nothing to hate on either. It's aite.
3	I typically eat Pho when I'm wanting to eat "light". I get the grilled chicken small bowl and I like to think it's sort of healthy. The last time I dined here with my coworker we both felt awful all day. I couldn't eat dinner, I had trouble concentrating at work, nauseous, etc, etc. The verdict? Insane amounts of MSG. In fairness I am relatively sensitive to MSG but this is the worst MSG reaction I've ever had. The quest for pho with less MSG continues!
3	The first time I went to Pho 8 I was just getting over a cold (no, I wasn't contagious) and felt the need for a soup. After sampling the wonton bowl, I thought it was the best place on the planet. It was so good that I ended up back a week later, only to discover that while it was still pretty good, their plastic drinking glasses and plastic soup spoons reek of bleach or some other cleansing agent. Nice to know they are sanitized, but I could live without the chemical infusion with my lunch. Good soup, clean place, but a little too heavy on the cleansers. I'd still go back, but I think I'll bring my own spoon next time.
4	Came here at a suggestion of BF buddy who said it was a good spot. It was nice and busy, but we got a table right away. My thing about trying places is a grabbing a pho and a rice plate. Solid actually. I liked my eggrolls in my rice plate particularly. Took a while to pick, their menu is pretty extensive and I appreciate that. More to explore each time..... Gotten bun also since the first time and it was also yum! I want to explore the non pho soups they offer. I prefer the pho broth at Pho So 1, but not the ambiance (see review- smokey). I think this is my preferred spot so far. Solid pho, plates, and bun. Atmosphere is basic but clean (is it just me or I smelled moth balls coming in?)  and the service is pretty friendly, attentive enough but don't expect a lot of checking up on you- wave em down and they'll come. Oh and pay at the counter. Coming back to t This is a spot I can take some of my friends who are slightly squeamish about hole in the walls...you know the type. Hahaha.
3	This place is my usual place for Pho if I don't want to go all the way down to the Chinatown area. Their Pho Tai is very tasty. However, last night as I ordered the Vietnamese Egg Rolls, I noticed a gnat on the lettuce. It grossed me out a little bit. I know that these things sometimes happen, but obviously the lettuce wasn't just washed. According to the bf the egg rolls are lacking in size (he's comparing them to the Pho So 1 egg rolls). I think its decent for what it is and the price is reasonable.
4	The cadet hats that all the servers wear explains a lot about this place.  Maybe it's grandma working behind a built up wooden window inside the restaurant cleaning the basil for the pho'.  Better yet, it was the old retired Vietnamese solider working behind the cash register making our iced coffee.  The Pho' and iced coffee helped significant to cure the hang over after a night of clubbing in Vegas.  However the attire and attitudes of the servers are the highlight of the restaurant.  The broth was very flavorful and we thoroughly enjoyed it after being buffetted out.  Will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas and need a cure for my hangover from the night before.
4	This is my go to spot when im craving PHO', its just so good:]They have a good range of pho soups and they have the other rice and vermicelli dishes/bowls.  Really tasty. Great egg rolls! Service is fast as long as its not completely packed and the servers are pretty nice. Just dont get the thai tea because it will be a disappointment!! I ordered it and it came in this tiny plastic cup instead of the tall cup in the picture! soo not worth the 3 and sumtin dollars.i would have to agree about the msg with one of the yelpers though, some but NOT all of their soups have extremely high amounts of MSG, the egg noodle soups i think/soups other than the traditional pho soup, i had one and oh myyyy never ordered that again! But overall i would recommend this place, if your looking for authentic Pho go here instead of "pho kim long"!
5	The ONLY place I will eat PHO in LAS VEGAS because it's the BEST. I've checked out many other places in Vegas but Pho Saigon 8 is by far the best. I go there so often the servers simply ask me if I'd like #11. yep... And the jasmine tea is delicious.  They use the freshest vegetables and everything is very clean.  The service is super fast and to the point- but don't expect them to hover over your table the entire time. Ask for everything you need up front when you order. And don't forget to tip well- they work hard.
3	Hey this place is alright. I mean, I liked my pho and my husband's pho. The place was filled with Asians which is always a great sign, and the bathrooms were very well cleaned. However, the spring roll looked pretty but smelled like someone rolled it after wiping their hands on a moldy towel. The service was indifferent, the waitress could have cared less to help us or to even get us the check. Would I go back? Probably, if it was the only game in town, but it is not....
4	pretty good vietnamese food here.  pho is done well but seems to be heavy on the msg side.  best thing about this place is that it's open 24 hours and a short drive from the strip.
4	One of my favorite pho places, and most reasonable too!  It only costs about $7-8 for a very large bowl of whatever you are craving.The soup/broth is so delicious, far from flavorless and salty, this one hits the spot every time.I have also had Many of the rice dishes too.  All visits are very satisfying.If you have never been to an "authentic" Asian restaurant, I'll let you know that you need to send a friendly wave when you need something.  It isn't impolite, and is actually customary.  Keep this in mind when you need a refill on drinks.
4	Yummy!
4	when we saw that the noodle bar that the mandalay bay was charging upwards of $15 for a simple bowl of soup, we jumped in the car and drove a mere 10 minutes to spring valley's chinatown. good broth, served piping hot. good, springy noodles and fresh accompanying vegetables. and this place served cuts of beef of commendable quality in the soup. ca fe sua da was more potent than sweet (not necessarily a bad thing).
1	Yuck!!!My wife and I went to Pho Saigon 8 yesterday. My wife ordered the Pho Dac Biet and I ordered the Pho Ga.1. To get somebody to the table to take our order was a miracle. Service was terrrible...2. My wife's Pho Dac Biet (means pho specialty with 5 combo meat & documented on their menu) was short changed. There was only 3 types of meat. We mentioned this to the management and they argued with us. At the table, the manager called my wife a liar. My god, the food was right in front of us. Hello????3. Pho Ga that I received had the plastic wrapping and parts of the strings in the PHO!! Yes, the cooks cooked the strings and plastic in the broth. And, I showed this to him. We were so disgusted with this restaurant. No wonder alot of people told us to stay away. After this experience, we recommend the same.. Cons: Bad Service, menu cut corners, careful what you eat
4	I like coming here after a night out on the town. Pho Saigon 8 is my favorite Pho location in Las Vegas. The food is consistent and service is decent too. Paris by night (a Vietnamese musical) is in town for the weekend and the restaurant was busier then usual. There was a line taxi's dropping off people and the parking lot was full. It was a crazy sight to see. There was one table left and it was at 9:00 am. WTF? I ordered the Pho with rare beef, and meat balls. I like my bean sprouts heated that way the broth does not cool down and also order onions for added flavor. The Pho was yummy and definitely hit the spot. There was generous portions of rare beef and meat balls considering I ordered a small bowl. I even slurped up all of the broth! I'll be returning in the future.
4	Just like boba, I make no claims to being an expert on what makes for good pho. I just know what I like. A former co-worker turned me on to the joy that is the #29 from Pho Saigon 8. When I would come to work feeling a little icky, she would go get me this and it always seemed to do the trick.I have been battling with my stomach this week, and I remembered how much I enjoyed this soup when my co-worker would go get it for me. But she hasn't worked for us in ages... It was time for me to go to Pho Saigon 8 by myself! I called in my order to go, so I could bring it back to work. I was told my order should be ready in 10 minutes. Perfect, that is about how long it was going to take me to get there. And sure enough, when I arrived, I did not have to wait for my pho. It was all packaged up and ready to go.Back at the office, I go to work preparing my soup. #29 is a meatless pho, just lots of noodles and yummy veggies. I savored every bite of my wonderful soup, and couldn't help but chuckle at my co-workers when they returned from lunch only to ask what that delicious smell was. Next time I go I want to try the spring rolls. I think that may be soon. So why am I not giving them 5 stars? I just think it's too soon... Nothing at all was wrong, but to be fair I think I should sample more of the menu and perhaps eat at the location before I give it my 5 star stamp of approval.
4	The food and service were great. I liked the soup's flavor and the food arrived quickly. The charbroiled chicken vermicelli was flavorful as well. This place fills up pretty quickly.
1	so we took a shot coming here.. we thought it'd be a sister spot to the saigon 8 on eastern.. and it wasn't.um, it was ok?  it wasn't as fresh as the one on eastern and a little dingy. the waiter wasn't pleasant and didn't come back at all to see if we needed anything or to refill our waters or drinks.  we had to ask another waiter for refills... so yeah,  we'll never come back
4	went at 2:45pm and it was packed! pho was good and authentic. bf had the grilled chicken with rice, and it was also very good. service was "basic vietnamese" (not overly helpful or attentive, but prompt). pro: good parking, next to pure foot massage.
4	My husband, my 7 year old daughter, and I wanted to have some pho, and we already knew about Pho So 1 back home, so we decided to try Pho Saigon 8 because of the rave reviews I found on the internet. We arrived around 2:30pm on Monday 12/29/08. It was pretty crowded, but we were seated right away.We ordered #1 Cha Gio - Vietnamese fried egg rolls $5.45; #11 Pho Tai - large bowl of noodle soup with rare eye round steak $7.50; and #54 Com Ga Nuong hay Thit Nuong - grilled sliced pork, served with vegetables and steamed rice. The food came out right away and everything was really good. We wrapped the fried egg rolls with large lettuce leaves and dipped them in the sweet chili sauce; it was delicious! I added the jalapenos and hot sauce to my pho and it was yummy too! And the sliced pork was great too! We devoured everything! When we were done, we went to the cashier with our table number to pay. The food was great, but the prices were a little higher than most Vietnamese restaurants. Next time, I'd like to try the chicken pho, beef stew, and the Korean BBQ beef ribs.
4	My coworker and I had more of the yummy #29 today for lunch. We also decided to share a #1, the Vietnamese fried egg rolls. They come served with lettuce to wrap them in, and a sweet chili dipping sauce. #29 was a hit once again, no surprise there. The egg rolls were delicious. Nice and crispy, pretty filling for the size.
2	Woke up on a Friday morning and urgently needed a pho fix.The special combo beef pho was a no-go.The soup was really oily along with a herbal taste. However, they have fresh coconut juice and perfect Vietnamese coffee !!Um, won't be back.
5	Best PHO in VEGAS.... hands down.Don't go to the one off Eastern tho.  Broth was very bland.
5	On a hot las vegas day. I was craving bbq chicken and spring roll vermicelli with a tall glass of Thai Iced tea! I wanted to try another Vietnamese place. so I yelped it. And this was one of the popular one. I was in heaven!!!! OMG!! So refreshing. The bean sprouts, carrots, and peanuts  added crunch. The mint was soo refreshing!! I was sooo content. I must stop by if yr in Vegas!
1	Food was good, but halfway through the meal we saw roaches on the walls and floor.  That part was not so good.
4	Everytime I go to Vegas, this is where I eat. The food is delicious. I've gone here about 20-30 times and I've always had a good experience. Service is fast, sometimes you have to flag the waiter down for more napkins or water but hey, they don't mind and I don't expect much from them anyways. I've had almost everything on the menu, I can't say I didn't like anything, except for maybe the banh xeo, it was a little greasy.  They do have the best Vietnamese coffee! This place is packed no matter what time of day it is. Overall, a good place to eat at, it's clean, cute decor, nice sized restaurant.
3	I decided to have lunch here today since it has been so long since my last visit.I ordered my usual:Pho Tai w/tripe and the beef on the side (small) $6.85Soda Chanh (fresh lemon soda) $2.75The small is a little too small. The broth was a little on the salty side. The beef looked good, but I think the slices should be smaller. The soup is not hot enough. I don't put all my beef in the soup right away. After about 5 minutes, the beef I was adding to my bowl was not cooking. The fresh lemon soda was good.
1	Terrible, Awful, Craptastic, and Sh*talicious are the best words I can come up with to describe this absolute dump of a restaurant. Our order was taken by the rudest little b*tch east of Saigon. This old jabba the hutesque looking troll continuously gave us dirty look after dirty look.  We ordered 2 different bowls of pho and an appetizer of deep fried Vietnamese egg rolls. The egg rolls were actually pretty good, however the pho was terrible.  Trust me people I am well versed in the world of pho and when I say it sucks, it sucks. The broth was the most uneventful bland liquid I've tasted in a while.  I shouldn't need to continuously doctor up my pho by adding ingredient after ingredient to provide my taste buds with the slightest resemblance of flavor.  Ok so the food sucked. Fare enough, lets leave.  Easy feet to accomplish right...wrong.  God forbid you get somebody to acknowledge you after your food has arrived.  Just getting someone to look in you general direction so you can flag them down is like pulling teeth.  Crap food, terrible service, grumpy employees. One star is one to many.
5	Favorite Pho ever!  I love this place!  The iced tea is amazing!  The service was great too!  I highly recommend it!
4	I recently moved to Las Vegas, and after a few bad experiences at other pho restaurants- I am happy to announce that we finally found our spot.  (We moved from LA where we made the 1 hour trek in traffic to the "Golden Deli" at least twice a month).  Pho Saigon 8 is only 15 minutes from our new home, so it already gets a star in our book.  The ambience is nice, the waiters are friendly, the restaurant is clean, prices are reasonable, it is child-friendly, and most important- the food is delicious.  We have already come back 4 times (once a week)- and have had positive experiences every time.
4	Pretty good Pho!  At a recommendation of a friend, we hit this place up. We rolled into Vegas and checked in to our hotel then we opted to eat off the strip. Besides you will save more money eating off the strip.  The place was very clean and staff friendly.  No long waits at dinner time and our food was served immediately.  We ordered the Pho with steak and Bun Tom Thit Nuong (grilled shrimp and grilled steak with Vermicelli noodles).  For starters we ordered some fried Spring Rolls.  Very good!  Overall the food was very good.The restaurant was twice as big as any Vietnamese Pho place we have ever been.  Very clean and staff friendly.  Fast service but a little overpriced.  For instance 4 spring rolls for $5.95, in California you get 6 for that price.  A larger size bowl of Pho was priced at almost $7.95, a dollar more than Cali.  Food   =    BStaff     =   B+Decor  =   B+
4	There are so many Pho places in Spring Valley and I have tried about 8 of them.  Pho Saigon 8 is by far the best.  To me the most important things about Pho is the quality of the broth, and I have to say I have ordered many different kids of Pho and the broth is always good, weather it be beef, chicken or mushroom broth, it is always yummy.  The spring rolls are huge, and also very fresh.The prices are reasonable and the service is great!
4	Definitely one of the best spots in Vegas (Spring Mtn, near the strip) for pho. They have over 50 items on the menu. The beef stew with french bread is a good. The seafood pho is huge and tasty with tons of shrimp, squid, etc. Everything is about $6-8. I highly recommend this spot for some simple pho and Vietnamese dishes 1 mile off the strip.
2	I had pho here, I had bun thit nuong cha gio, spring rolls and nem rolls.  The food is edible and didn't make me sick so I'm thankful.  I say, it's just not that special.  If I can make it better, why pay for it?
5	Every time I'm in Vegas, I always try to make my way here. Both their Henderson and Spring Mountain locations are great (I haven't tried their newest location on Eastern yet). The broth here is what makes it so good. I always get the pho tai gan (comes with the steak and soft tendons). Honestly, it's the only one I've tried. It's such a long time between trips out to Vegas, that I'm always craving the same thing. If you haven't had pho before, there is hoisin sauce and siracha or another chili sauce (siracha is the more spicy kind with the green top, the other kind is in the cup with the spoon. I'm a weak asian so I go for the less spicy kind :X) that I usually mix together in a small sauce dish and dip my noodles into it.To drink, they have amazing coconut water. It's so sweet and refreshing. If you want to be healthy, order the kind from the fresh young coconut (not as sweet, but still very good). For any of you asian readers, the che 3 mau (three bean dessert with coconut milk) is so reminiscent of our childhood. I'm not really sure how it tastes to westerners, but the dessert is definitely top 5 on my dessert list.www.anitaeat.com
4	Pho Saigon 8 was one of those random huge restaurants at the side of the road on Spring Mountain. In Chinatown, there are many Pho choices but...Pho Saigon 8 has the biggest signage. Hah. So, me and my sis got here on suggestion via Yelp. When I walked in, at first I thought it was like a cafeteria style. We sat, ordered, ate, waited for the check....like natural noobs. We seriously conversed and observed for a good 30 minutes to see if others were given checks. We then realized people were walking up to cashier and saying their table number. Needless to say, we felt stupid...cashier laughed it up also.On to the food, we ordered spring rolls, meatball pho, and veggie pho. The spring rolls were excellent, fresh veggies served alongside these little deep fried packets of awesome. Always wrap them in lettuce dipped in sarachi, epic. The pho was extremely flavorful!!! The broth was savory and just a little hint of mint at the end of the taste which is exactly how I like it.Service was extremely fast, streamlined by the ordering process which is a plus and a minus. A plus for speed but a minus for personalized service: seriously, my only gripe, otherwise Pho Saigon 8 is a lock!!! Try it!!!
4	When I used to live in Vegas this was the only place my family would go for pho. 4 years after I've moved away and this place is still just as good.The soup is nice and hot, large bowls, lots of noodles and meat, soft tendons.
4	One of my fave pho places in Las Vegas. The food comes out fast and the dishes are tasty. It's hard to steer away from my usual pho tai, but when I do I go for the bun bowls. I'm always stuffed to the gills when I leave and usually go home for a nap. MSG? Yeah... maybe but it's so worth it.
4	Wow! This has to be the best Vietnamese place I've eaten at! I had the grilled chicken and egg rolls with rice dish. The chicken was well prepared and had that nice grilled taste to it. The only thing I didn't like about the dish was the rice was a bit dry.The thing that most impressed me was how fresh all the vegetables were. If you had pho, they gave you a dish of basil leaves with bean sprouts. Wow, I've never seen basil leaves so large and so green. Same goes for how fresh the bean sprouts were.Definitely want to come here again when I'm in Vegas!
3	I've tried about 95% of all the Vietnamese restaurants in town so just wanted to note some distinguishing factors.The egg-rolls are not as good as pho so 1.  They are smaller, less flavorful and not as fresh.The pho broth and noodles taste as if they use less MSG than most other places which is a good thing.  The meat portion in their dac biet is about average.They do offer the same wide variety as many other vietnamese places, one thing i do advise people not to order is there bun cahn sai gon #42.  Horrible dish, gelly like soup, and during the time i ordered it, the noodles were hard and not prepared properly at all.
3	I am little disappointed today.  I've been to Pho Saigon 8 probably more than 20+ times and never had one single complaint in the past...The size, I mean the portion of noodle got REALLY smaller (I've been ordering  the small bowl of Pho & always has been enough to fill me up), the taste of soup was a bit salty, the vegetables were dried out, and their soup wasn't hot enough.  I can't believe that their food portion size went down & their quality of food went way down stream.  I am not sure if I wanna come back and have another Pho here any time soon......Maybe, the chef went on vacation or something??!?!?I am not too sure if  Pho Saigon 8 is worth recommended to you as I had both pleasant and not-so-pleasant experiences.  I am confused -.-;;;However, I still like their Vietnamese iced coffee a lot!Unfortunately, I have to give this place only 3stars.
4	It's been a while to get pho, so I went to Sigon8 with Jieun.I didn't notice noddle portion was cut down, but bean sprout and other herb portin was cut down and they serve lemon instead of lime(I guess they have some reason).Maybe the season matter with vegetable.....not sure.Broth was OK as usual(I mean everybody knows every place put MSG in the broth anyway) I didn't try spring roll and best vietnamese coffee(my favorite) this time so maybe next time ...
4	Party all night? Hungover in the AM? You've arrived at your cure. A short trip from all the bright lights. I found out about this place from my GF and hot damn if it isn't one of the better pho places around Vegas. When you arrive the parking lot has ample spaces for you to park. Walk into the restaurant and you are hit with the scent of pho all over and you'll feel your hangover start to subside. Their iced coffee with milk is awesome as well. It's the old school drip style that drips into a glass with a layer of condensed milk at the bottom. When the coffee finishes, pick up the strainer and be hit with this aroma of some good coffee and you'll feel awake before the coffee even touches your lips. If you want to feed our hangover they also have a small selection of beer as well.They have all the standard fare pho and dark/white meat chicken pho which is just as good as the beef. Regular or large bowls are available. If you're feeling rice they also have that along with other standard apps like spring/egg rolls which are just as good.The only dessert I ever get at Vietnamese restaurants is Che Ba Mau...if you don't know you're missing out. Their Che Ba Mau is ok but nothing really to write home about. It's a good finisher if you've still got room for it at the end of the meal.My only gripe with this place, which is only because when I'm full I feel pretty lazy, is that you have to walk up to the register to pay for your meal. I think of it as a good thing though because you're forced to get up and move after you eat a good meal instead of vegeing out while you wave your hand up to get *makes writing check motion* the check.
5	I wanted to try Pho for the longest time but never did. I finally got up the nerve and can't believe I waited this long. Pho Saigon 8 is awesome. Incredible prices and even better tasting food. The hubby even said it's the best he's had ( in Vegas) so far.  Most likely gonna make this place a weekly tradition.
5	Ordered myself a bun bo hue, it was bomb!   Reminded me of San Jose or Oakland.  Love the fact that I can go to a good Pho restaurant in Vegas.  It is the best hangover cure.  their service is ok but their food is on point.  I would definitely be here on every Vegas trip.
4	It's good to catch this place at 12:00pm because all the early birds got the left over broth from yesterday and by noon the new batch gets cooked. OMG I am just kidding!!!! I like the Pho here a lot. The broth is clear, flavorful, and oh so yummy after a long night of ??. I was so hungry, I ordered spring rolls, egg rolls --these two are not that great. I had Pho in a small bowl with meatball was about $7. I love it. This place is very busy for locals and out of towners. It just feels like home.
5	Definitely my favorite place to get Vietnamese food. Some other places offer great pho, but not much else after that. Other places offer not so great pho, while offering other great Vietnamese dishes. This place offers both. The pho especially has great broth, which is served piping hot. And the portions are pretty decent for the prices. The restaurant itself is pretty clean as well, something you might not find at other establishments. Service is a hit or a miss for me though. 80% of the time service is better than most other establishments. The other 20% isn't bad service, just mediocre. They're pretty fast and attentive, but few speak English. Don't forget o get Vietnamese coffee when you go. =p
3	Maybe I'm spoiled that I use 2 live 5mins from little saigon in OC. . .Its always good to go with someone that speaks vietnamese fluently! heheWe ordered eggrolls, 3 small bowls and 1 large bowl of pho. . .the noodles didn't seem fresh.  . .but the eggrolls were delicious!The place was pretty full for lunch.But to our surprise when we asked for the bill, it came to $40!!!$40?!?!! r u serious?!?! we were used 2 $4 bowls of pho in OC!It was worth a try.
3	I had a bowl of beef pho tonight from Pho Saigon 8.  I'm no expert on pho, but I just wasn't all that impressed!  The broth of the pho was just ok.  I thought it was a little weak (Thai food has ruined my pallet though).  My favorite pho spot has a lot more richness to it.  The side veggies were fresh and good for the most part, however they did skimp on the amount given.  I ordered a side of vinegar onions, and they were pretty flavorless.  All that aside, I liked it!  Combined with the fact the service was pretty unfriendly, and the pho wasn't any better than a couple of other spots I've been to in town, I probably won't be going back.  2.5 stars and rounded up to 3 stars for the overall experience, I guess.
1	I was visiting from California with the wife and kids. Being half thai thought of getting some good food. What a big disappointment this place was. The waitress was rude. The food was mediocre. What a waste of time and money. Will never come here again.
2	I'm so sorry, Pho Saigon 8, but I'm no longer one of your fans.  My family and I have been regular patrons here whenever we need our "pho phix," but it just doesn't seem the same anymore.  Sadly, the quality of your food has gone away.  I don't know if you are cutting costs with a sub-par ingredients list now, but your food doesn't quite taste the same anymore.  Add to that that some of your menu items have gone up in price which seems more difficult to swallow.Twice in the past 2 weeks we've dined here, and twice we've gone home feeling some kind of indigestion - both of us, and both our kids.  It's weird to explain this, but we have to attribute it to what we had eaten there.  It is all too coincidental.Any pho you select here is delicious, but something just isn't right anymore.  It has got to be the freshness or quality of the ingredients.  I had even tried their Bun Rieu, vermicelli noodle and crab soup, for the first time and left here feeling less than satisfied.  The crab meat just didn't taste fresh.Lastly, according to the server, they've changed the way that they make their Da Chanh and Soda Chanh, fresh lemon drink and fresh lemon soda.  It tasted different this time around; even my son thought so, and you know kids' palates...you change a simple ingredient and they can taste the difference immediately.  They either put some weird syrup in it now or they use different lemons or limes...hard to say, but it had a strange, almost close to a lychee-flavored taste, to it.  Unfortunately, they forgot the key ingredient - "freshness."  They should have stuck to their original way of making it.  It was very thirst-quenching then.Bittersweet Adieu...
4	Pho Saigon 8 is my favorite Pho shop in town. I order the same thing every time I go so my review doesn't encompass the restaurant as a whole but for a solid experience please feel free to follow my lead.Upon walking in you will typically be greeted with "How many?" After they are informed of the number in your party they will typically point across the room to your table. Service is routinely cold but efficient,everything is quick, if you are not clearly asian and you order pho' expect a condescending fork to be dropped at your table.I usually order the spring rolls and a large pho tai which is rare beef. About 1/5 of the time you will get a bowl that is lukewarm or a bowl that has sat for 1min too long making your rare beef well done by the time it arrives at your table. Its just a necessary evil of dining here. The spring rolls are light and fresh tasting made up of shrimp, noodles, herbs and served with a hoisin sauce. The Pho Tai typically has a great salty broth perfected with some siracha, jalapenos, sprouts and lime. If you want a great filling $8 meal just order the pho and you should be good to go!
4	The food is the best in town but the services is below par. But you know what they say about asian restaurants. The poorer the services the better the food is.
1	This review is so troubling for me because of my deep love for Pho Saigon 8 on Eastern Ave. I am a regular there and have never experienced anything less then great, efficient service and consistantly high-quality food. I don't know how they were ever able to open a second location based on the first. Yikes.My friend and I walked up to the front door only to have 3 employess with aprons and name tags on smoking in front of the front door. Literally blocking the entrance. One opened the door while talking over us with his cig in his mouth. It was a disgusting way to enter a restaurant (ithrough a plume of smoke) especially when you're starving.  Upon walking in,  nobody said anything until we asked if we just seated ourselves. The employee, looking bothered by the interuption, asked how many and looked behind him and pointed to any table. Never even stepping away from his task. So, she and I chose the closest table. We then had to ask for a menu which appeared to annoy them as well. She and I were kind of in disbelief as we wondered if we should even stay? Afterall, we have both frequented the second location and enjoy it so. A woman came to the table and stood there, never asking anything. My friend ordered her Thai tea and I ordered the same with boba. The woman left. When the tea arrived I can tell you fairly (not because of the awful experience) that the tea was watered down and the boba was mealy. So gross. I didn't finish it.  When the waitress came back, she stood there for a minute and said "do you know what you want?". Again, another sign that we should have departed. We did have a good laugh that the menu prices were crossed out with marker and re-written in with higher prices. The food came quickly and of the quality I am used to which was a nice relief from the otherwise disappointing experience. Nobody ever came back, we had to get what we needed ourselves from other tables. I saw another server holding his pack of cigs on the floor in front of tables. He eventually went outside as well. When finished, we went to the register only to see both people behind the register eating Balut with their hands only stopping momentarily to take people's money while still chewing. No handwashing, people. BLECK.  By this point we were especially grossed out at the sanitary standards (smoking servers went right back to work, no handwashing) and wanted to get the heck out.  I am almost so bummed out by this experience that I don't even want to go back to the Eastern location!  What. A. Shame.
5	I love Pho! When I walked in the smell hit me and I knew pho sure this was where i wanted to eat. The spring rolls should be illegal they're SO pho-king good! I knew I wanted to order the spring rolls but what else? I asked the waiter to bring me the customer favorite... I'm not sure what kind of plant or animal life I ate, but it was tasty!If I find myself in Vegas again, I'll go back pho sure!!
5	Love this place! Their pho has that traditional home made Viet taste and very fast and good service. Highly recommended.
5	I come here way too much and I love it way too much. This place has great Pho, Bun Bo hue, and Beef Stew with French bread. This place is constantly the best place for those items and maybe other stuff too but these are the things I go there for. I have been here at least 10+ times now and love it. It is my go to place because they are consistantly good. service: it's an asian restuarant, service is never good, it is always about how fresh and good the food is.
4	Went here on a hot hot hot day and wasn't very excited to eat any soup never mind a tripe soup.I was forced to go and thought it was very good.  My friends told me that this is the best place since its such a clean soup and not oily.  It was good but I cant say its the best until I try more Pho places.  The tripe in this soup is so pleasant in comparison to the menudo stuff Mexicans swear by.  Its really hard to explain the texture but its more noodle like vs the chewy raw squid stuff in the menudo.The shrimp rolls were big winners on the hot day too.
1	Since this is a restaurant, I'm going to review on my bowl of Bun Bo Hue first.  It's just a bowl of noodle soup, doesn't have the Bun Bo Hue flavor.Cleanliness, there was a fly in the bowl of my noodle soup... need me to say more???Service, worst than their food.  Waitress turned her back on us when we tried to order, didn't apologize when I told her about the fly and just took the bowl away.   The manager DEMANDED that we have to leave tips because we had 10 people when we don't want to.  We paid for our food without gratuities, the manager ran after us and said that we eat and run, and he's going to call the police to report us.  All these time I thought gratuity = reward for good servicesPho Saigon 8, this was my first and last.  Before you tell anyone that we're cheap, please tell them the real reason why we didn't want to leave tips.  Just for your information, this is the very first time I left a restaurant without leaving tips regardless I have been to many bad restaurants but your service trump them all.
4	It's super fast, friendly, and yummy! I had a large pho with rare meat and it was great. Lots of meat compared to other places. I also really enjoyed the soda chan, a lime and club soda mix. Really refreshing in the Vegas heat.
5	Living in LA, I have yet to find anything that can compare to their vermicelli with shrimp paste!!!!! It's the best!!!! Every time I am here in LV, this is the first restaurant I will be!!! Thanks to whoever is responsible for the shrimp paste vermicelli!!!! YUMMMY...in my tummy!
4	The hearty beef broth here is the best! The only reason I gave it 4 stars is for the service which I'll touch on below. Service... there is no such thing as service in this place. Every time I've been here there is one person behind the counter that seats you and then takes your order and you never see him/her again. I always see 1 or 2 other staff members in there but they never help out. They just sit at a corner table and eat. Maybe I'm just going during their lunch breaks?! That said, don't come in here thirsty because you'll never get a refill on water. And to top off the water issues it's always room temperature. You'd think ice cubes are a rare commodity at this joint!But yes, still 4 stars because the pho (broth mostly) makes me happy in my pants!!!
4	A very functional, yet charming venue in Spring Mountain.  Service is robotic but fast.  Food comes out even faster, which is ALWAYS a + for me.The noodles are prepared tasty and the soup is not too oily as well.  Very good combination of the two.  I don't know about their dish menus too much, but I tried them several times before and they were OK.  Bottom line, the price is good, food is awesome, I recommend it.  It is one of the better Pho locations in Spring Mountain.PRO: Pho is good, service is fastCON: Not too much to complain about, service can be a little iffy at times
4	I'm not really a Pho kinda guy.  But a friend loves the place so we went.  I had the pork chops, which aside from them being really thin were actually pretty tasty.
1	I give asian places a pass on service b/c they aren't known for providing good service, but with over 170+ reviews, my 1 star review won't really affect the Yelp Rankings.  Anyhow...There is an asian troll lady with short hair and glasses, probably in her 30's.  She probably moonlights at one of the 50 Massage parlors on Spring Mtn afterhours.   She is the biggest d-bag.  I will call her VFDB, Vietnamese Female D-Bag for short.   Here is the play-by-play-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Me:  (scanning order)VFDB:  What you want?Me: #12 and 13 look really good to me.  I'm pretty torn.  Which do you think is better?VFDB: You order! If I tell you wrong dish, you blame me!Me:  hmmmmmmm, they both look good.  VFDB: Pick one - what's wrong with u?!  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------at this point, most would probably leave but my friends and i are laughing b/c we find it funny.  i end up choosing 1 of the items.  after we're done we walk up to the register to pay and my friend asks if we can pay separately with cash to which VFDB replies - just pay one - it's too much work for her to split it up.i won't be coming back but curious to hear if anyone has had similar experiences with this tool.
4	Great pho very authentic, tasty. Win.
4	Bun Bo Hue was hella good. Come here twice a week. Gave them 4 stars for good food. They lost one star due to horrible services. Service was so unprofessional and rude that I almost ask them if they want my business or not. If I didn't crave for the Bun Bo Hue soo much, I could just tell the servers to fuck off.
4	my husband found this from yelp and we decided to try. It was good, exactly what we expected. No surprises, not disappointed.
3	Pho noodles are good, but after eating here, i am always so thirsty. I suspect the msg in the soup.  Service is fast though and the rice noodle plates are tasty.
4	One of the better pho restaurants in Las Vegas.  Pho is tasty with excellent broth.  I had the BBQ pork chops and fried egg combo and really liked the flavor of the pork, however, the chop was so thinly sliced I was disappointed with the portion.  The fried fish balls and egg rolls were excellent.  Can't wait to go back and try more dishes.
5	Alright so I'm from the Westminster area in California where there's a ton of pho places down on the street of Bolsa so I've been exposed to lots of pho and vietnamese restaurants. Pho Saigon 8 is BOMB! Forget about Pho Kim Long that place doesn't compare to here! I originally wanted to hit one of the buffets on the strip, but my family was craving vietnamese food so we decided to give Pho Saigon 8 a try. I was starving and wanted to eat at the buffets so I was grumpy thinking this place wouldn't fill me up but BOY WAS I WRONG!! I ordered the lemongrass beef w/ broken rice dish it was DEEEEEEEELICIOUS! They give you a lot of beef and the rice is AMAZING! It was the best rice I've ever had it was so fluffy and soft and way better than the vietnamese restaurants from where I'm from! The beef was perfectly cooked also!My parents ordered the pho tai and pho tai + bo vien and they're from Vietnam so they've had their share of eating authentic vietnamese food and they even love this place!My sister ordered the pho ga (chicken) and the soup was so clear it was amazing! +1 for no fat globules in the soup & it was full of flavor too. Also, the pho came out hot unlike pho kim long where it's like just warm..Will definitely be coming here to eat more often when I visit Vegas again!
3	We were all all hung over after a night of drinking and needed something to hydrate us. Soup sounds good. We pulled over to this pho restaurant. I had pho before in Portland and it's always the best cure for hangover. The moment we stepped into the place, already we were soaked in the aroma of pho. Definitely smells like it's worth staying. Our pho arrived and it smells awesome. The first bite was good but not as great as I thought it would be by the smell. The service was typical. Overall, it was just a good pho place.
3	Busy night on Thursday but solid service. Pho was mediocre with the broth arriving to our table lukewarm. Not ideal. Also had beef spring rolls, good not great. Overall I've had better Vietnamese in Vegas.
4	Came by this place on a cold night, so I was looking for some hot pho and this was the spot my friend recommended. I was cold and starving and our server was on it! She hooked us up with hot water, instead of the cold variety and brought our food out in like 10 seconds flat! I ordered a #16, which was different cuts of beef with some soft tendon and nice noodles and broth. It was a yummy not too oily basic broth and the noodles were just the right texture. The meat didn't taste like leftover bits, which was nice and the price was just right! I think it was just under $9 which included tip! Highly recommend!!
3	didn't think the pho tai was anything special.it was really oily.better than pho so 1.
4	the pho here is pretty good almost comparable to the pho places in rosemead back in good ol SGV.  Been coming here to get my pho fix while I'm in vegas but thats it. Food is consistent and done very well but for some careful on the off days and that's why the 1 star off
4	The best, cheap eats in Vegas are away from the strip! Since Monta Ramen was crowded as hell, we ended up here. Not too shabby! Good food, prompt service and not too pricey. On your next Vegas trip, skip those fancy hotel buffets. Exploring the restaurants in Chinatown is so much more fun!! (Lee's Sandwiches in next!)
5	All I need to say is BEST PHO EVER.
4	I love pho.  Nothing beats a warm bowl of soup and Pho Saigon 8 does it right.  I really enjoy it here.  Only Pho So 1 & Pho Kim Long do it better in Vegas.  I eat pho often and I need variety, so this place is my number 3.
2	-15% surcharged for 6 or more-Pho is not hot enough - frankly it is too cold for calling it Pho-The mom/daughter served on weekday and they never smiled event when they took our orders/payment (ie: if you are in this business, you need to smile or loose customers)-RECOMMEND: DO NOT EAT HERE go to KUNG FU (Thai Chinese on the same street near Chinatown - food over there much better)
1	First let me start by saying that I had read a few reviews before trying Pho Saigon 8 and most of the reviews were regarding how horrible the service was. We actually did not have bad service. They were fast, friendly and ready to go with our to go orders. Now for the food. It was just horrible. We ordered:67. Bun Ga Nuong 7.45Grilled chicken over vermicelli and vegetables74. Bun Cha Ha Hoi 7.95"Ha Noi" style grilled sliced pork & pork meatballs served with vermicelli and vegetables54. Com Ga Nuong hay Thit Nuong 7.45Grilled chicken served with steamed rice & vegetables47. Hu Tieu hay Mi Bo Kho - SmallNoodles with beef stew (egg noodles)The noodles were freezing, the chicken had no flavor and was really dry and the beef stew was so oily and salty that we couldn't get past the look or smell. It was the worst food and such a waste of money. We will not be going back.
4	Always good. And good prices too.
3	Busy...super crowded...not much service. I need water when I'm drinking pho---and no one ever came by to fill our cups, as they sat empty!Not too pricey. Pho is decent. But just super crowded.
1	One of our friends was debating on what to get and the waiter was super pushy.  Our water glasses sat empty for more than 20 minutes and were never refilled despite the fact this 'female-dog' passed by our table several times.  She only came back to tell us that we needed to pay up at the register.  5 minutes later she comes by to give us our check. We weren't even done eating.To make matters worse, I ordered the chicken pho thinking that it would be perfect for a hangover.  As I stirred the noodles around, a dead spider came floating to the top.  How authentic!  I nearly threw up.  Being that I wasn't gonna get any more fluids than from this bowl of spider pho, I fished the little guy out and took a few sips.  I would later pay for this mistake 1 hour later by spewing chunks not from my mouth, but from the other end. Moral of the story: If you want terrible service, complimentary bugs to go with your meal, diarrhea and worsening of your hangover, come here.
3	Juicy Pho off the stripThis place is pretty good for Vegas Pho. Vegas Pho is not the same as SGV Pho. Ordered the pork chop rice. It wasn't that good and the amount of pork chop there was very small.Ate some of  my friend's korean bbq ribs, it was pretty good. Ate some of my friend's Pho, it was decent. What was really good was the Egg Roll wrapped with lettuce. It was delicious!!!!Kinda far from the strip, was driving at least 10-15 mins to get here.
4	This is our go to Pho place. We have tried others but always come back here.
5	My favorite Pho place in Vegas.The Pho is always fresh and flavorful and the meat is tender. They give generous portions and will load you up with extra veggies if you ask. Sometimes the servers don't speak the best English but everything is described in the menu.
2	(-) A "large" bowl of pho looks like a regular bowl of pho to me(-) Pricey for the amount you get(-) It was an almost-satisfying amount of pho in the large bowl. I'm going to be looking for food in an hour or two(-) The Che 3 Mau dessert I got had green jelly that was still slightly frozen -___-This place is meh. Nothing too spectacular.
4	Noodle soup, served piping hot with fresh condiments, like cilantro, basil, and bean sprouts.  Good for cold winter night, or when I crave a good pho.  It's the big bowl with plenty of broth, vegetable, meat and noddle, which is a bit fat, almost like spaghetti noodle, but is good.  Here the service is quick, attentive despite how busy this place is.
4	Came in for lunch BC I wasn't feeling well! I got here after noon so the place was very busy even for a weekday.  My order the small Pho with rare beef, brisket and added meat balls.The sides of veggies and mints are really fresh here and my Pho hit the spot! I enjoy the Pho here BC it's always temperature hot and they give generous amount of ingredients. The service is spot on and they accept credit cards.
3	Probably one of the decent places to get Pho at in Vegas.  I used to live in Cali so I am spoiled over there with Pho.  Pricing for Pho here is pretty high, but worth it to get a bowl after a night out in a club.  The portion is very well and the quantity of meat in the bowl are plenty.  Broth is always warm and offer amenities/condiments with a bowl.  Place is okay clean.  Place gets busy on the weekends, but service is still quick.  Parking is easy, lot parking.
4	I would definitely say this is one of the better pho places I've frequented in Vegas.  For some reason, pho doesn't come as cheap in Vegas as it should.
3	We sat down and were asked 7 times if we were ready to order. I have eaten there before so was prepared but the GF and her daughter were studying the menu and it was clear they werent readt. They felt rushed and offended.The food was top notch and was what we expected. Im assuming they served me first as I was the oldest male at the table but they made the GF and the daughter wait 10mins for their food. They could have served me first and then the girls but to make them wait that long seemed out of place.We then asked for take home boxes and the server didnt want us mixing our food. Saying that would ruin everything. I thought it was funny but the GF said I paid for the meal and I will do with it what I want and it freaked him out.Outside of the cultural differences it was a good experience.
4	We were on our way back from the Grand Canyon when we decided to stop by the Walmart at this exit in order to grab a few items for our stay. Low and behold we noticed this Pho restaurant and decided to stop. We are regular eaters of Pho, have been all over Vietnam and this restaurant did not disappoint. Service was quick and the food was outstanding. Unfortunately we only kept a rental car for our first 3 days in Las Vegas, otherwise we would have returned several more times as the food was that great. On another note, do not confuse this with another restaurant called Pho Saigon that is in the same strip mall as In & Out Burger. We thought it was the same owners, but apparently not, as the other one was "dead" and this one was packed!
5	Fresh ingredients and authentic atmosphere set this place apart for Pho. #18 was excellent and the regular size was plenty
2	Went here over Memorial day weekend and I was not impressed.  It was dinner and the place was not super busy but they messed up our table's order and were not ver accomodating.  I ordered Com Ga Roti, which I've eaten at a lot of Viet places.  This was the worse.  The hen is supposed to be crispy but mine appeared to be boiled or steamed with a lot of soy sauce dumped on it.  And for whatever reason, there were a lot of 'eggroll warpper' flakes all over the chicken.
3	We didn't have the pho, so take this review with a grain of salt.  We both had the vermicelli noodle bowls, one with grilled chicken and eggrolls, and one with grilled pork and shrimp with eggrolls.  The amount of meat and vegetables in the bowls was a little lacking, and the meat itself was a bit fatty.  The service was really quick and friendly though.  Others looked like they were enjoying the pho, so we'll have to try that next time!
5	I love this place top 5 pho for me great service small cozy quick and cheap! Lots of families come here so it's great food as I see it!
3	Perfect Pho! Stock was seasoned just right; the meat and noodle was just the right portion. Nothing you could ask for more.
4	Drive, drive, and keep on driving pass the usual pho spots on Spring Mountain Road and you will come to Pho Saigon 8 on the corner of Westwind Road. What I like about Pho Saigon 8 is that the broth alone can be drank as a soup, and that is why I am giving them 4/5 stars.For me, it's all about the soup. When I took a sip of the broth, I absolutely fell in love with it. I did not need to add anything to it, it was not watered down, not too overly oily, not too salty. A definite perfect balance that makes you devour the bowl within minutes of being served.While cost is a bit higher then usual $7-$8 a bowl (small), I absolutely think it's worth it to cure your hang over or just as a meal! As it stands, this is the spot to be now for pho after a hard night in Vegas.
3	They have your typical variety of Vietnamese food here. The food tastes very mediocre and bland. Although the portions are a bit on the larger size which is good. This would be a decent place to go eat at if the other Vietnamese restaurants in the area are extremely busy and you're extremely hungry. Other than that, it's just not too bad.
4	Of all the Pho places I've been to in Chicago, Atlanta, and the Bay Area, this place had the best broth I had. It tasted SUPER clean and the thinly sliced beef they give is just rare enough that it's edible but not too chewy. Their prices are right on par (about $8 for a bowl of large pho) and they give lots of sprouts.They are super quick which they should be. It indicates the broth is already made and they do a wonderful job even at 9 AM in the morning!
2	So let me start off by saying I'm Vietnamese. The good: they give you lots of meat in your Pho.The bad: the broth was not very good. I'd give it a 3/10, it was cloudy, salty, and probably not fresh.The really bad: the banh xeo here is quite literally the worst i've ever had in my -entire life-. Not only was the batter terrible, but it appears that they may have just pre-made the "shell" and baked it, microwaved some bean sprouts and shoved it in there.My advice: go to Jenni Pho or Que Huong instead.The only reason this review does not have a 1-star is because those are reserved for restaurants that give me food poisoning or are filthy.
4	Pretty good pho in considerations of where it is geographically on the US map.Been coming here for years every time I go to Vegas and the best spot for a hangover cure.Service is quick all around from entering to exiting.
1	The pho is just ok, expensive, and the service is very bad.  They are rude, literally throw your food on the table.  Make you pass food from one side of the table to the other side.  Too lazy to walk around.  would not come back here again.
3	On a Sunday evening, we ordered the LG Beef steak and lean meat pho and egg rolls for 16. - Nice place. Entrance is a bit weird but tables are clean. - Wooden chopsticks with pho. come'on now...- Expensive. Man, you can honestly get a $3 large bowl of pho in Westminster.- Large bowls are small. Go to Pho Saigon also on spring mountain. - Taste great. How pho should be. good broth + meat- Egg rolls are smaller. Also go to Pho Saigon for bigger sizes. - Fast service. Pho came out first in less than 5min and egg rolls came out minutes later.- Need to give more vegetables. lame..
3	I like the pho here a little better than Pho So 1. The tea tasted a little funny. I can make better french rice. So on an average I would say this place is good.
4	This is one of the nicer pho places I've been to in vegas - it's really clean, and there's a peaceful little fountain in the front of the restaurant that prepares you for your zen like pho experience as you enter.  I got the #18, and the soup was pretty darm good.  Not the best I've ever had, but probably one of the better ones I've had, especially in vegas.  It's a bit more beefy and less marrow-y/stinky, and doesn't have as much onion flavor as I would like, but it's still a pretty densely flavored soup.  One strange thing is that they didn't have any fish sauce at the table - we were going to ask for some, but ended up not needing it since the broth was pretty tasty (even though it was stink-less).  The summer rolls are so-so, and kind of on the pricey side, but they do have these really delicious chargrilled pork summer rolls that were REALLY good - they're pretty much pork sausages wrapped with scallion and a crispy egg roll shell with a really tasty satay dipping sauce.  Yum.  As a side note, they don't really give you too many vegetables, but if you ask for another place they'll give you one.  And the basil and bean sprouts were really really fresh, which is always a big plus.
4	Pretty damn good vietnamese food i must say.  Been coming here alot actually this past year and some occasions we'll visit twice in our trip.Pho broth is VERY tasty, meats are fresh.  Mi soup broth is great as well, they give u so many wontons.  2 sizes but both bowls are massive.  Favorite dish there is Com Tam Bi Cha Suong Nuong.  The pork chop is tender/great flavor compared to other spots and their egg cha is superb.  I normally am unimpressed with egg cha at other places even tho i love it, so its awesome that I'm able to enjoy it again.  And their Bi is not overly dry which is great.  The restaurant is big and their turn around time for tables are quick even though they get busy alot.Service is a hit or miss.  I mean its a vietnamese restaurant, ur not gonna be catered in royalty.  Just expect your first requests for items to not come and be patient to flag them or someone else down for it again.
5	Best Pho in Las Vegas!! I was not impressed with the service when I first started coming here but after a few years of coming they recognize me, call me by my name & the service is great! Get the Pho Tai
5	This is my favorite pho place in Vegas! I'm from Hawaii where I'd eat pho maybe once a week..... okay, fine. I'd eat pho at least twice a week. It was my favorite food for a couple of years and I was fixated on it. During that time, I tried a lot of different places and acquired a taste for what I like.Pho is beautiful like that. While I believe there are objectively bad places, there is certainly no "best". It just depends on what you like, how your taste buds prefer things before it goes down.Pho Saigon 8 is that perfect balance for me here in Vegas and I'll tell you why:The broth! Amazing- perfectly balanced to me. Not too much anise, not too much cinnamon, not too dark, not too light, not too greasy, but just greasy enough to be comforting. I always order my meat on the side because when it comes in the broth is always gets overcooked. First I squeeze some lemon/lime on it, then into the bowl it goes piece by piece as I'm ready to eat it, but remember to add the rest of it before it gets too cold to cook it at least a little.Ngo gai! But wait.. we'll get around to that.Pho is a labor of love. My boyfriend thinks I'm crazy because I spend about 5 minutes after the steaming bowl arrives just customizing it. You have to find your ideal balance of sour (citrus), salty (fish sauce), spicy (sate, sriracha, chili paste, fresh jalapenos) and sweet (hoisin). Each of the elements are provided on the side and you add your own condiments. There's the whole part with the beef, but then there's the sauce to dip the beef in. I mix a little hoisin with some sate which you have to ask for (it's refrigerated in back). Sate is chiles ground with shallots and shrimp in oil, slightly sweet but earthy and spicy. It is my favorite way to incorporate the spicy aspect into my bowl of pho. I add citrus as I go, to change the flavor a bit, starting with no citrus at all. I always request Ngo Gai (picture included) which is like a kicked up more floral cilantro. It's incredible, although not typically used in pho tai. Thai basil is a must with it's refreshingly licorice-y flavor, bean sprouts add crunch. There's even textural variation throughout your bowl that you can adjust!I can't say I've ever had the self discipline to order anything other than the pho here.. I give into temptation every time. I'm a big fan of Vietnamese style beef stew and Bun Bo Hue, but I just can't not order the pho! One of these days.. I can, however, vouch for the spring rolls which are good and come with lots of mint. The bahn xeo is tasty and more than an entree size, even though it's on the appetizer list.A unique offering at Pho Saigon 8 is the soda with egg yolk and condensed milk. I haven't seen this anywhere else in Vegas, and it's like a custard soda. Just the richness I want after a light bowl of pho. Absolutely delicious!
5	Anywhere you have a decently sized Vietnamese community.. you can count on Pho restaurants being around... and typically there is going to be much more than one of them.. So how does one decide which one to go to??? Family, close friends, and the help of Yelp reviews are what I usually go off of.So this little gem way off the strip.. and past I dunno how many other pho restuarants along the way.. was suggested to me by my family about a year ago and still remains to be one of my favorite pho places to go to while in Vegas.What typically differentiates pho restuarants from each other is the combination quality and freshness of the ingredients, how everything is cooked.. but most of all, the broth.There's no doubt that most people tend to add hoisin sauce, sriracha, lime, and various other condiments to cater to one's taste... but you certainly need a solid foundation to begin with... and the broth here is most definitely done very well.
5	Pho is really all about the broth and these guys really hook it up. It's the first place I go when I've been out of town too long.  Good service, clean, and really good food.
4	Our go-to place for good, non-overpriced vietnamese food in vegas! I don't know why people go to pho saigon, because there's no line here and I think the food is better! It's just a little farther drive down spring mountain rd. I've had the pho, vermicelli, and the rice dishes here and everything is good! You can't fail with whatever you order, so don't worry! I always end up caving into ordering the fillet mignon (bo luc lac) with french rice because I just can't say no to garlic! They make it better than the restaurants in little saigon in california! If you're a garlic lover like myself, you'll love this dish because the beef is drenched in so much garlic, you'll have enough to eat it with the rice too!
5	There was about a year and a half where my best friend and I came here every Monday for post-workout pho, sometimes, even without having actually worked out. As far as Vietnamese entrees go, I'm sure I'm just scratching the surface, but I've had vermicelli (cold noodles with veggies, meat and fish sauce), rice plates, pho (noodles with assorted meat, usually in beef broth) and the French-Vietnamese sammiches. This place wins at the first three. I actually haven't even checked the menu to see if they have sandwiches because the other stuff is pretty darn good.Both the fresh spring rolls (pork and shrimp), and the deep fried spring rolls (wrap them in lettuce with pickled veggies and dunk in fish sauce) are good ways to jump off the meal. For drinks, I like their hot tea and the Thai tea was surprisingly good as well.In terms of actual belly filling picks, I prefer either pho or vermicelli to the rice plates, and depending on the season, will heavily lean towards one or the other and consistently order that every time. Obviously, when cold, I'll get pho, and when it's hot, I'll order vermicelli (try the grilled pork with fried spring rolls!).I've tried Pho Kim Long (har har har), and felt it just didn't stack up to Pho Saigon 8. This is definitely my favorite Pho place in Vegas.
5	Pho is great here, best in Vegas !!! The Combo Stir fry pho is really good here, must try:)
4	First time eating Pho and I loved it!
4	This place is actually alittle bit better than Pho So #1 but of course not better than the ones in San Jose!Pros: Pho is decent, nice serversCons: Pho bowls is alittle small, alittle priceyOverall great place to try out if you havent.
3	One of the better pho restaurants in LV. However the service is not good. I asked for meat on the side and the waitress told me that the kitchen is too busy for them to do that. A few minutes later, I see the table right next to have rare meat on the side. Horrible. But I can't grade it too low because the food is good.
4	The Pho is really good, there are lots of different types of Pho with different ingredients.  They make it how you want it.
3	Awesome place. Eggs rolls, pho & coffee were top notch. To bad it's not closer to my home or I'd eat there more.
2	I tried something new here. Some kind of crab soup. It was NOT good. I ended up not eating it. The second time I just got the pho. It was MEH. Nothing about it stuck out in my  mind. We came with a group of people. Two seconds after we sat down they asked Do you know what you want? Ummm, no not yet. Not more than a minute later two other servers asked us if we were ready... Ummm, could we have a little more time please?? Then when we were finally ready, we had to flag someone down. Not great customer service. They also put auto gratuity on our bill and didn't tell us so they ended up getting a double grat for not great service. I won't be back.
5	Food very good ,place very clean
1	I don't recommend this place.The staff aren't as friendly and warm. Though I feel that can be easily changed. The food though is poorly prepared, made with pre-packaged ingredients. Little Pho Saigon has little heart in their business. You'll leave feeling like you ate nothing at all. If Pho is on your mind, there are places further down closer to China Town that at least have better quality meals. I will mention that I've tried to give most of these Saigon named restaurants a try and they all seem to follow the same guidlines. I'll review again in a few years.
4	So yummmmmmmyyy! We were looking for a pho place and one of the workers at our hotel recommended this pho spot. I would totally come back. We came here around 2 and there were a good amount of people, no wait though, considering pho is really fast in preparation. I got the com tam and everyone else got their pho, and it was so good. I can really compare this pho place to back home in cali! The soup was amazing in taste, not too salty and not too bland. Thanks, will come back!
4	Since I have been spoiled by Golden Deli in Southern California, it is very difficult for me to give a 5 to any vietnamese restaurant. I did enjoy Pho Saigon 8 more than Pho Kim Long because I believe that the food has much more flavor. I ordered the beef pho with tripe and tendon and it was quite good. It was the first Viet restaurant in Vegas that I ate at and gave a nod of approval to.
4	Had the beef pho. I forget if it was the number 11 or 12. It was very good. Some places have a cilantro overkill, but this place did it just right.
1	Disappointing indeed. We eat a lot of phosall over. Here, the pho was blend, no flavor and pretty mucH MSG-ed out. Herbs were fresh, service fast, clean interior, thumbs up! Would not recommend the pho here.
4	The spicy pork noodle soup was amazing here.  They were very generous with the sliced pork and the pork blood was fresh and silky, which is usually so hard to find since places always overcook it =T  The slice of pork leg was cooked perfectly, it wasn't too soft and it wasn't too chewy.  It had just the right amount of give...mmmmmm I can't believe how many good Vietnamese places are in Vegas =d
4	This place is a few miles from the Las Vegas Strip... but well worth the drive.  They are very clean and serve some of the best Vietnamese Food I've had!  I recommend trying their #12 Pho, which includes tripe and beef flanks.  I find it funny that they are called Pho Saigon 8 and my the meal I ordered was $8.00!  Get here either early or late just not during regular dining times, since parking is limited.
4	Only pho place I enjoy eating at in Las Vegas- I'm picky with pho (Tip: if the word Pho isn't in the restaurant's name, don't get pho.)My family and I have been eating here for as long as I can remember. The pho here is great the majority of the time. There are some days when the broth can be too salty, so a star off for its inconsistency. Good sized portions and price. Won't find better pho in the valley.While most places offer jasmine tea, they give this vanilla tea which I really enjoy.With it being a Vietnamese restaurant, don't expect exemplary customer service..
3	Hit the spot... but definitely not ranked up there as a favorite.  The eggrolls were somewhat dried out!  The soup didn't have the same taste that I have come to look for in pho broth.  The service was not horrible but definitely wasn't as good as other restaurants, even though they weren't so busy when we went to visit.They were rather stingy with paper napkins ... and water.Been there once... and that's okay for me.
4	Best Vietnamese food in Las Vegas.  Don't have to go to California anymore.  The Pho is phonomenal and the spring rolls are dynomite.  Ice French-pressed coffee with condensed milk will keep you high thoughout the day.  Nice Bun too.
2	it was very disappointed with the pho soup here compared to the location in Henderson. the pho soup was super sweet, either too much sugar or msg. The tea cup were a bit greasy. I don't think we'll be coming back to this location, Henderson was far much better, cleaner, food taste better, friendly service, much much better.
5	I've read some of the reviews of this restaurant, and cannot believe they were in the same place.  Some mention Chinatown, by the way, and that's not where Pho Saigon 8 is.  It is well west of there.  One reviewer mentioned smelling the fish sauce at the table.  Sorry, they don't have fish sauce at the table unless it comes with the specific food you ordered.  They have srirocca (hot sauce) and hoisin (sweet sauce) at each table.I don't know how you can complain about service here.  You are given a table, and a waiter quickly comes to take your order.  If you order pho, which I usually do, it takes three to five minutes to arrive.  There are three types of broth for the pho, and all are delicious.I have been to Pho Saigon 8 scores, perhaps hundreds of times over the years, and never received a poor dish or bad service. I consider it the best pho in town, and it is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  Oh, and I have met several of my favorite Vietnamese professional poker players here.
4	My daughter lv sugarcane shrimp. Bu bo hue was nicely done.  Not too sauty. Spice d just right. The bu thit nueng rice place was a nice complement.  Will return.
5	Pho Saigon 8 is one of my most recommended places to eat (:. Me and my family are regulars there, and their is a few waitresses who know that I love extra lime with my pho (call me strange, but I absolutely love extra lime with my pho :P). Whenever I go there I always feel comfortable and the food is always delicious. I love pho, aha (:.
4	I come here pretty often when I'm craving pho. Especially a nice big bowl of soupy goodness after a night out on the town. I sometimes take my parents here for lunch or dinner because they love noodles. They always like coming here. It is packed here no matter when I'm here but I barely have to wait. I love that as I know everyone else loves to eat here too but I won't have to sacrifice for that validation.
4	Not really the warmest service but always prompt and delicious.
4	Good pho with fast service! The spring rolls are amazing! Place is really clean
1	I have ALWAYS patronized this establishment, on a regular basis, since I moved to Las Vegas approximately two years ago due to the service and quality of the food.HOWEVER, my last trip , on June 8th was an EPIC disappointment.  They had a new server, male, he was totally unattentive.  He NEVER once came by our table to ask if we wanted refills for our drinks, desert or if everything was  OK/Moreover, he NEVER gave us the BILL!  We had to obtain it from the wonderful female server who has been a staple of the restaurant.As a result, we just could NOT leave him a tip!  That is something that we hated to do but his attitude was appauling.In short, they NEED to TRAIN this guy on how to service customers.
4	Driving up and down Spring Mountain, you'll have your endless pick of Pho places. We stopped here based on a friend's recommendation. The restaurant is moderately sized with as many tables cramped into the room as possible. And you can tell that this is a genuine Vietnamese restaurant based on the service. You're never quite sure who your server is so you just flag down whoever walks by. You're also expected to know what you want to order within 3 minutes of sitting down. However the service is fast and the food is delicious. Either way, it's a nice little joint where you can chow down away from the strip. Pho-Sho!
5	Really good food! And open super late!
4	Best Pho in Vegas! I know it 2 years ago and still the same feeling about it. Great job for keeping it up with your service.
5	I have to admit that I love this place. If the GF would let me I would eat here almost every day. The food is excellent, I have not even tried something I didn't love. The spring rolls are really .. really... really good. Amazing and fresh taste that wrecks the experience at any other place in Vegas. Now the Pho is excellent and no matter what one I am in the mood for they deliver. Service is fantastic most of the time however most staffers are a little light on English so you can be challenged to communicate some things. If only they had VN Sandwiches it would be perfect!
5	UPDATE June 2014I am obsessed with the pho from here. I order the spring rolls and number 26 Pho. Love, love, love it!Decided to try some where new since every single place seems to disappoint me over time.  Decided to finally try here since it is in the top 10 with Yelp.  Nice, clean restaurant, a little small but they make it work, and it has working AC! Something Pho So 1 was lacking.  I ordered the Large #26 which has tendon, tripe, brisket? I can't remember perfectly but it is my go to set of meats in my pho.  The pho was good. Tasty and not too salty.  My only complaint is that the pho needs more noodles, a little more meat and more jalepenos to put in it.  I did read someone's else review that said she usually orders 2 larges and I should of.  I felt like I was not full but hungry.  I could have eaten another bowl definitely.  The spring rolls were great also.  I would definitely good again and get more food.
3	It's probably the best pho in Las Vegas but of course it can't compared to pho in Little Saigon. The broth is flavorful but they don't give you alot of meat. I ordered pho dac biet (special pho)for  almost $9 but there is only few pieces of meat.
5	First off, I'm not quite sure why they have such low reviews because they are BANGIN'. Anyways, their broth is delicious and always piping hot, noodles are always al dente and chewy. The only complaint I have is that they don't always have the best service. But when they do, OH MAN. If you do get a chance to come here, ORDER THE FRIED EGGROLLS. They are super crispy, crunchy, and always hot. An order comes with 4 and I believe it is $6. *There is pork in there, so for my friends who don't eat piggies.....  None for you! :PAlong with the eggrolls, I always get their veggie pho #29 with extra steamed bean sprouts!!!!! Oh and fresh coconut juice if I'm feeling extra hungry! Make sure you try to carve out the flesh of the coconut..... It's a struggle but it's totally worth it.
5	I've had a lot of of pho in my life, and I can honestly say that this was the best I've had. I don't know if it was the delicious broth, the noodles, or the chunks of beef tendon - that are optional for those who prefer not to eat cow innards - but overall it was just a great pho. The vietnamese coffee went great with the noodles, and the fried egg rolls and meatball kabob were great appetizers. They also offer so many different types of pho it's CRAZY, so make sure to try lots! (especially number 18)And I guess I might be stickler, but the customer service left a little to be desired. However, the food was amazing and I did eventually find the waiter to pay the bill.
4	I went here for the first time yesterday with my family, and let me tell you Pho Saigon 8 has theeeeee BEST pho I've ever had in Las Vegas! Their pho broth is so tasty and it doesn't taste like water.. Unlike the other pho places I've been to. My brother isn't the biggest pho fan in the world, so he had their Korean BBQ plate & my daughter had their grilled chicken plate. Both came with a generous amount of rice, vegetables, & their nuoc cham sauce. I tried both and they were both sooo delicious! If I could order Pho, Korean BBQ, and Grilled Chicken.. I so would do it! Anyway, the place is nice & clean. It didn't take very long for us to get seated by the servers. The only reason why I didn't give this place five stars is because their service isn't all that great. I really appreciate servers who smile and are attentive, but you won't find that here :( I guess you can't pair up great food with great service.Despite the whole crappy service thing, their food is on point so you'll definitely find me coming back here for more in the future :)
5	Great Pho and grilled pork is excellent. They gave us a very generous amount of soft tendon and fatty brisket in the pho.
2	Tried the vermicelli (bun) here and it was terrible. The rice noodles were overcooked and mushy which pretty much ruined the whole dish, but the beef was also burnt and tasted like nothing but charcoal.The herbs were fresh and the fish sauce was good, but those are pretty hard things to screw up.Spring rolls were ok, not bad but not great either.I don't think I'll be coming back here any time soon.
1	I ordered PHO #31 with extra meat. Well I got 1 ounze of chicken the same that comes with a standard order. This happened on 2 seperate occassions. Will not be back!!
2	I've been here a couple of times. My thoughts:My boss introduced me to this place and I thought it was okay. No complaints whatsoever but didn't think it was that great either but I thought I would go back again...but that was then. This is now...A friend from Reno moved to LV to study and she said she misses her pho back home so I said I'll take her to a good place so I took her here. She ordered exactly what she would order in Reno but boy was she disappointed when she tried her order. I didn't really know what the difference was compared to what she was used to but I guess it was really that bad since after having only 3 spoonfuls, she gave up to the point that she decided she didn't want to finish her food. I felt embarrassed because on our way there, I was prepping her to look forward to some awesome pho but the only thing that she had was disappointment.
1	This place is going downhill fast!  I used to come here regularly and get the pho or vermicelli and it was pretty good. Today I took my dad and it was horrible!  The service has never been good and I didn't think it could get worse, but it has! The table next to me ordered after I did, we ordered the same thing but they got their food before my dad. My dad finally got his food 15 minutes after the table next to us. Then I ordered the vermicelli, which came out quick, but I had to sit for 20 minutes until my dad got his food. Then when I actually started eating I noticed most of my lettuce was spoiled! It was turning brown and gray! So disgusting. The only thing I was asked when I brought this to someone's attention was if I wanted new lettuce! Was I really supposed to pick out all of the bad lettuce an eat everything else around it? An then I was still charged for my meal! Avoid this place! Go to Pho So 1 down the street. Much better!
1	Food is not bad. I've been here quite a few times but today when I was eating their veggie spring roll I found a couple of hair strains in my food. YUCK! I almost threw up everything else I ate. It's probably an honest mistake but that's disgusting. I won't be returning. I like my food hair free thank you very much.
4	The pho tai is top notch, especially on a cold winters day.  But what really sets Pho saigon apart is their crispy egg rolls.  Its a must try.
4	So this review has been a long time coming. As the Duchess of Pho Saigon 8 I figured it was about time to show some love. As much as I wanted to give then 5 stars, I just can't. While the food has always been exceptionally great, the service just kills it. Let me specify, everyone knows Pho restaurants aren't known for their quality customer service but sheesh!!! Does it hurt to make eye contact and act pleasant? Although there is one exception, a waitress named Ngon. (Short hair & glasses) I had to mention her. She's fantastic and one of the reasons why we keep coming back. Always friendly, positive attitude, attentive, even interacts with my children. Just an awesome young lady. If all the staff was as friendly as her this place would've been my first 5 star rating. Now back to the food. Your bowl is at your table within minutes of ordering. The Pho here is "Phonomenal" Perfectly flavored broth and very consistent. The noodles aren't soggy or undercooked. Everything just comes together so nicely. I suggest #11 or #18 and ask for some hot tea as soon as you sit down. Egg rolls are always fresh & extra crispy. So many tasty rice dishes but the grilled pork chop & Korean BBQ short rib never disappoint. And the coffee, WOW! Get a cup if you need to be up for two days straight, haha!! Great food. Service could be better. I know many ppl are partial to Pho Kim Long down the street. I've been there too many times to think that ppl probably only go there because the of the name. So if you're looking for authentic Vietnamese food, eat here.
3	After wanting a hot bowl of pho, I came across to this place. I got the pho tai, and it honestly was like any other bowl of pho I've had. There wasn't anything special about it, but it was edible. There's a possibility that I would come back.
1	Worst pho on spring mountain rd!!!! No sprouts, only two piece of tai in large bowl. Dry old spring rolls. Horrible customer service.  Had to chase down server. Hen yum was basically an uncut onion, not even sliced!!  On the plus side, at least the water didn't taste like it came straight from the tap
3	Came here with my family looking for pho in Vegas, was a fairly pleasant experience. We waited for about 10 minutes (this place seems to get packed real quick) during lunchtime and were seated promptly. Service was good, food came out in an appropriate amount of time. I had the standard pho dac biet, which came out to taste like your everyday bowl of pho right out of Westminster. Since I had the flu, this bowl of goodness was a lifesaver. Nothing amazing, but it will get the job done if you are a Vietnamese family looking for familiar food vacationing in LV.
3	The food wasn't very different from other Vietnamese restaurants, with the soup and noodles tasted pretty ordinary. The spring rolls were pretty good, but still, ordinary.  The waiters seemed like all they wanted to do was rush me out the door as quickly as possible.
5	This is the BEST pho restaurants I ever tried. I traveled nationwide to find a good pho restaurant. & this is the first time I finally found one. This is how EXCELLENT pho supposed to be: 1. Large bowl with enough noodles, & enough amount of meats. 2. Broth is correct!!!! Not diluted like the other bad pho restaurants I've tried & does not taste like Hu Tieu. The spicing is correct: I scent cowbone, star anise, and lots of ginger and roast onions in that broth; THAT'S HOW CORRECT PHO SUPPOSE TO TASTE LIKE. 3. Your server also ask us to include a separate small plate of onions soaked in vinegar, & a small bowl of liquid fat. THAT'S ALSO HOW CORRECT & TRADITIONAL VIETNAMESE PHO SUPPOSED TO BE!!!! EXCELLENT!!!! 4. Your Com Tam plate is also excellent. Almost to compete against Com Tam Thuan Kieu. 5. Cha Gio (egg rolls) also good; very crispy & well spiced. But this is what I like most about your restaurant: When my buddy orders Com Tam while I order Pho Dac Biet, technically, Com Tam served a bit slow. But here, the Com Tam is served to the table at the same time with the Pho Dac Biet. EXCELLENT GUYS!!!! THAT'S HOW IT SUPPOSED TO BE!!!! All foods should come out all at once!!!! Not like other bad pho restaurants where one person receive the pho, but the one who orders the Com Tam has to wait while their buddy is finishing their plate. Overall, good service. So far, I have nothing bad to comment you. I will be back to your restaurant someday when I'm in town. I'm hoping you keep it up with the good work like you did in my last visit. Overall: 5/5 stars for you. Keep up the good work Pho Saigon 8 of Spring Mountain Rd.
4	This is Carla M.'s favorite pho joint in Vegas. It was a no-brainer that I had to try it out when I was in town visiting her. To be quite honest, I've never had bad pho. How can you screw it up?! Pho Saigon 8 did not disappoint. I wouldn't say it's the best pho I've had, because I really can't taste the difference. It's all the same to me.Service was very good, fast and easy. They have plenty of options to choose from. Portions are decent for the price. Everyone was very friendly. The restaurant was clean and tidy.
1	Been there twice, try their Bun Bo Hue,  the size is small and expensive. poor service. other pho downstreet is even better and cheapper.
3	You are greeted when you walk in and sat at a table. They will then take your order. You will get your order within 5-10 minutes. Awesome!!!BUT don't expect to see them again for the remainder of your meal. This is how most Vietnamese restaurants operate but this location does it much more apparently. There is a sign in front that says "please pay here." This saves the restaurant staff the closing step of service, which is to bring out your bill. I understand why they do this, however it makes paying the bill and leaving a tip a less personable experience. The restaurant is usually always busy which makes eating here somewhat of an experience but other than that...consider this a fast casual spot.
5	Best pho I've ever had! I usually don't like pho because I think it's too bland and most people prepare them in a way that the broth and the meat really smell (I'm sensitive to beef smell especially, if it's not prepared carefully). Anyways, this place is good! I don't remember the name of the pho I got, but it was spicy and had "special" noodles that took them a while to prepare if they have to make a new batch. The pho had a subtle pork flavor broth, and the spicy paste adds the right amount of kick (not too hot where your tongue is in pain). And FYI to those people who love flavor, pho is not meant to be super flavorful like thai boat noodles and such. Think of it as your chicken noodle soup but Vietnamese style. I also love the spring rolls, they actually had quality pork, and the egg rolls. The egg rolls came with all the veggies so you can wrap them in it! I've never had that before! It adds that needed veggie crunch to your egg roll.And what amazes me the most is GOOD SERVICE! lol I'm very impressed! The waiters are polite and they don't give you the look like most Asian restaurant workers give you. Overall, good experience and I'm always down to go there when I'm in town.
2	We've done almost all the Pho places in town. This is not our first choice.We went in on a Sunday night. It wasn't croweded, based on the speed of service, you would have thought it was the busiest time of the night. Very, very, slow.Spring Roll is actually quite good. A thick penut sauce was very nice. That's about it. My Korean wife was not pleased with her Pho. We saved the meat for our dogs. They were even slow in getting us a check, and taking care of payment. It's if they really didn't want our business.BTW, my three dogs gave the meat two stars. That's why I gave it that rating.
5	Best pho in the city! My favorite is #18Ive tried lots of others but the broth here is the best!
5	Jenny D has no clue what she's talking about with her 2-star review. I bet you'd give Pho Kim Long 5-stars wouldn't you?This place beats most Pho places on several counts:PROS1) Blazing fast service. Faster than Jimmy John's freaky fast.2) Great place for groups.3) The pho is substantially better here than any of the other pho places I've visited.CONS1) It's further from the strip.2) The tables are set for 4 people, but that's too tight.3) Not open 24 hours.
4	Ate here for dinner. Price is decent but serving is alright, I've ate somewhere where they have good amount of food serving for what they worth. Overall is pretty good. Pho is actually good except their Large is actually a Medium some other place. Will come by again for sure.
5	QUICK, GOOD AUTHENTIC FOOD, AND CHEAP!!! what more do you want from a vietnamese restaurant??? they have just a handful of items on the menu, which mean they're good at what they cook, so you can go no wrong with that they're offer. If you fancy dishes, there are plenty other restaurants nearby. You come here for Pho, Bun, and broken rice with pork chop, they're the stable of Vietnamese comfort food.
2	I've had some bad pho back in the day and this is one of the places that serves bad pho. The blandest tasting broth I've ever had. Limp ass bean sprouts. Withered basil leaves and watered down hoisin sauce. If I were to rate it on service alone I would give it 5 stars cuz the ppl working here are nice but that's all the compliment I can give this place.
4	They are quick! Always quick to get your order to you and quick to refill drinks. Love that the food here doesn't make you feel heavy and actually tastes healthy without skimping on flavor. Only drawback is some tables are conjoined to other patrons which can be slightly awkward. Nevertheless great place for pho!
3	Sometimes, you just really want to have a nice, hot bowl of Pho.Sometimes, the place you REALLY want to go to is closed, with no reason posted...so in those times, you go to your old standby.Pho Saigon 8 is my standby. I've always had good food here, although the service sometimes leaves a little to be desired, as was the case yesterday.I went with my boyfriend, best friend, and girl friend, and we were seated right away. When our server came by to take our order, my best friend said "Can we please have someone wipe down the table?  Its VERY sticky."Server said "oh ok." took our orders and walked away...and did not come back.A runner came out with the veg for our pho, and my friend said to this one: "Before you set those down, we had asked to have the table wiped down, as its very sticky."She apologized, and asked our server for a rag...and was ignored.  So she went over and got one herself and took care of the table.  After that, we had no problems The food quality was standard.  Not as good as the other place I wanted to go, but it definitely satisfied the weeks of cravings I had been having!  I'll gladly come back to Pho Saigon 8.  Its not my first choice anymore, but it will certainly do in an emergency.
3	second time coming to this location! always order a #27 with spring rolls. the pho is served fast. very delicious! customer service could be a little better. had to ask for extra lemons twice. would I come back? yeah because it's affordable.
5	Okay, I have absolutely no problem giving this place 5 stars. The Pho is amazing! I like my soup simple. Just noodles in chicken broth. I HIGHLY recommend the Lemongrass Beef!! I believe it's #56. I'll have to update next time I'm there. If you're looking for some great Vietnamese food, it's here. Want a lot of choices on the menu? Then this is a great place. One of my favorite sides is the egg fried rice. It's just good. There isn't even salt on the table. The cooks know that they season their food to perfection. I have to be honest, I'm a little put off by the picture of the pig hanging in the kitchen. I suppose having it refrigerated would be way more comforting. BONUS: There is a bottle of sriracha at every table. (~: Love that.
4	I get the 66 or 71 (same as the 66 but comes with an egg roll) flavorful charcoal grilled pork with a nice array of vegitables and peanuts over vermicelli noodles. Today I am getting the 71 for lunch. Oh, and their Pho is delicious I like it with the softened tendons. What can I say, I like visceral meats.
1	I normally don't give out many 1 star ratings, but sadly my recent visit to Pho Saigon 8 was horrible. The first time I tried this place years ago, it was really good and then I came back again around 2012. I noticed even that visit in 2012 wasn't as great as my first visit. Now, 2014, I found out the old owner had left which explained the decline in EVERYTHING for this restaurant. Customer service AND food were absolutely horrible. Gordon Ramsay needs to host this place in Kitchen Nightmares!The server had a horrible attitude and wouldn't let me make modifications. Hello, you're a vietnamese restaurant, not a high end michelin star place so slow your role! In the end she still got my order wrong. I ordered the chicken vermicelli w/ cha (steamed egg quiche) w/out vermicelli. My order came out w/ vermicelli and NO cha. I figured maybe she forgot and it wouldn't be in the bill so I didn't bring it to her attention, but after we got the bill we noticed she did charge us for it!Chicken Vermicelli - Noodles were over cooked, chicken was disgusting. I've never had chicken as dry as the NV desert in the summer. There was no flavor to the marinade either and too much black grill marks. TBH, they used chicken thigh and it shouldn't be this dry/bad. This is probably the first time I couldn't finish my plate because the food was so bad. Normally I hate wasting food so I would suck it up and try to finish it, but this was just beyond edible.Chicken broken rice plate - Again, same crappy chicken that I had in the vermicelli. Rice was super old and dry. Everything seemed microwavedPho tai bo vien - The beef was overcooked as well as the noodles. The bo vien was okBun Cha Hanoi - OVERCOOKED PORK, again marinade was off. At least the veggies seemed clean & freshMi cha siu kho - the cha siu (bbq pork) was like rubber/microwaved. Again, my friend couldn't finish this plate eitherCha gio (egg rolls) - not the best I've had, outershell wasn't crispy enough. Was too oilyBo luc lac - Normally anything w/ oyster sauce & garlic seasoning/marinade should taste good, but this dish like all the others weren't palatable. Plus the portion was small for the priceSo basically we paid and left hungry still. Never coming back
2	This pho joint used to be pretty good, but now it's not even a thought when I'm craving any type of Viet dish. Went here with my boyfriend for a lunch and I ordered a Seafood hue tieu and everything in it tasted so gross I just ate the noodles! The squid, the shrimp, eck all of it tasted frozen and old. My boyfriend said their nouc mam was really weak and I just felt like the service just sucked too. I know how these places are, but can anyone just smile? Way better pho joints in town, trust me.
4	I come here often with my family and I always order the vegetarian noodle soup. My most recent visit was very good. The food arrived within 10 minutes and the soup was great. We also ordered the spring rolls which were great too. I would definitely come back for more.
4	Best pho in town. We've ventured out to most Vietnamese places in town but the pho doesn't really compare elsewhere. The rice dishes are also very good. You can't really judge Asian restaurants on their service so don't expect much. If you want something just ask until you get it.
2	My husband is a Pho addict so about once a month I put on my sweet wife hat and we get pho. We used to live in Henderson and loved Pho Saigon 8, but now that we live on the other side of town we decided to try their Spring Mountain location. The decor is identical to the Henderson location, but the food is not nearly as good. The dining area is huge and the wait staff were friendly and even played peek-a-boo with our little one. We ordered the egg rolls and we both decided on grilled pork vermicelli. The egg rolls were OK, but the vinegar sauce on the side was lacking in flavor. The vermicelli was a biggest disappointment of the night. The pork didn't have the usual rich grilled flavor and the vegetables looked wilted and old. I didn't touch the lettuce and scooted the limp carrots to the side of my bowl. The noodles seemed old and were cold and lifeless. The flavors were muddled, not the bright and vibrant dish I was hoping to receive. We also shared a thai tea which tasted off too. I took a couple of sips and decided I was done.  We definitely won't be back to this location.
5	This place has really good pho. Their noodles are cooked perfectly and their broth is so tasty. Price is very affordable, service is friendly, and parking is convenient. One of the most authentic pho places I've ever been to.
1	Went to eat yesterday with my mom and sister. My sister order some pho and found a roach in her soup. Asked to speck to the owner or manager whoever he was. Anyway told him about it and he didn't even care about the situation and still charged us for the soup. Told him we're gonna report u guys to the health department. You know what he said "Do whatever you want. I don't care." Yup we did already. End of story.
4	Post-Vegas escapade meal? Hangover food? Whatever state you're in,  you can't do wrong with a place selling Vietnamese food that is filled w Vietnamese customers.
5	Great Pho, loved there fast friendly service. Definitely recommend to all Vietnamese food lovers!
1	NOT RECOMMENDED. The pho was cold and they charged 15% for service without even notifying the customers!!! We didn't even know until the check came out. The ONLY thing the servers did was bring out water and our pho. NOTHING ELSE and they charged 15% for service. NEVER COMING BACK EVER!
3	I ordered some wanton soup with egg noodles instead of traditional pho this time.  I would have to say my soup lacked in flavor, but the wantons themselves were tasty. I haven't had a fantastic spring roll in a long time, if anyone finds the absolute best please let me know. That being said Pho Saigon 8's spring roll were ok.  I would come back only for the pho.
5	As good as Pho Kim Long with comparable price ranges but they could probably use a new interior decor and upgrade to a more modern look. They'd probably get the same amount of business as PKL with how delicious their entrees are. I'm going to keep comparing both Pho Saigon 8 to PKL just because in the Pho business out on Spring Mountain, PKL really has the title for "Best of Las Vegas." I believe this place has so much potential if only they'd consider making some arrangements that can pull in the interest of foreigners, travelers, and even locals. Their food is mouth-watering; I can't even begin to explain! I love ordering their Korean BBQ and they're not even a Korean Restaurant! Their Pho tastes so authentic as well! I love how their selections, so much goodness in such a limited menu. I really suggest you give this place a try. Don't expect too much from the environment but their food is off-the-charts amazing :)
3	I like this place bc they are fast and less crowded and broth is not bad. I only gave them 3 stars bc the pho ga (chicken pho) is good not great and ginger sauce is okay, and eggroll filling is mushy not firm.
3	make sure u say the number correct they bitchx a me bc i said the wrong number and once i said i wanted something different they told me to eat  , good still good but the service sucks assss
1	Greatly disappointed previously, but thought we'd give it another try...and still was unsatisfied. My wife and I enjoy visiting different restaurants on our days off and sadly, Pho Saigon 8 has continued to disappoint. Latest meal was an appetizer of Banh Xeo followed by Korean ribs for her and a small bowl of Pho Tai for myself. The Pho Tai arrived first, then her ribs...after we'd gotten about half way thru our meals (I figured the appetizer had been forgotten), the Banh Xeo was brought to the table. The Korean ribs were not bad, but were nothing special. The ribs were served with rice and kimchee..the kimchee was kinda bland, almost sweet, not red pepper spicy as you'd expect. My Pho was not so good...altho a small bowl, there was not enough broth in the bowl..which was probably a good thing as it tasted like dishwater. The Banh Xeo...my past experiences in other Vietnamese restaurants had the shrimp, pork, bean sprouts and scallions included in the frying of the batter.  The Banh Xeo served at Pho Saigon 8 had the batter wrapped around the cold ingredients (the shrimp, bean sprouts and sliced pork) much like a burrito. Very disappointed as it was quite a mess trying to prepare and eat it. And the fish sauce certainly was weak as if it had been watered down. We drank water and paid over $30 for this evening. None of the people working there are Vietnamese anymore, I'd expect they are Chinese and just don't have the Vietnamese style that once made this a favorite place to eat. We were there at dinner time, 6pm, and it was pretty much empty. If you want good Pho, go up the street to the 168 Market and find Pho Sing Sing in the shopping center. An excellent place to eat good Vietnamese food by a Vietnamese family!
4	I came here with a large group of friends for lunch and I was very happy. There is a parking lot and the restaurant is clean and easy. I ordered the meat and tendon pho and they do not skimp at all. The prices are very good and the service was great. I suggest coming by here if given the chance. The food is pretty good.
1	Beware! If you're a darker skinned person or do not fit the culture they will discriminate against you.  Waited 20 minutes fir pho that takes a few minutes to prep.  Went with my best friend and we're never going back.  I thought that we were beyond that. ...smh
1	Ordered two bowl of pho. Typically comes out in 5 minutes or less. Our 5th time here. Never coming again. Waited over 20 min. while 3 other tables who came in after us got theirs before us. I understand if the food should take long to prepare, but didn't make sense that other guest who came in after us got their pho before we did.We end up going to Hue Thai instead. Fast friendly service there all the time.
4	This is my go to Pho spot in Vegas. I have yet to order anything else on the menu but I've had a variety of their Pho's. I usually just get the rare flank. Sometimes I'll feel adventurous and get the meat balls. Relaxing restaurant and a good staff
1	I come here all the time and I even tip the waiters really well. However, my friend ordered the number 58, which was disgustingly sweet,  and the chief cook  has so much pride that when we complained he would not exchange the food or give refund. Do not eat here. They don't know anything about customer service.
5	Busy lunch, on a sunday afternoon or otherwise, pho saigon 8 never disappoints. Today im having chicken pho with bean thread noodles. They are super accomodating with requests!  Love that. Everybody's hustling through the busy lunch and noone skips a beat. My only beef with the hustle and bustle today is the lack of napkins. Wow. Dont get me wtong, Im a fan of using my pants , but not even one when my food came. 2 servers said they bting some asap... Still waiting... Doesnt ruin my pho experience, this place is still the best in town. Mental note, Bring napkins next time.
4	This is my go-to place for Pho, consistently yummy!! AND, they have a great to-go menu!!
4	Excellent pho! Would definitely go back for the food, although the Thai tea was terrible. And can't really say much about the service. I would like to think it's maybe the language barrier or maybe the culture, but I've experienced excellent service at other vietnamese restaurants so I am not sure. But I would probably just have to prepare to ask for EVERYTHING I needed from my server before I never see him or her again. Thought it might've been an off night, but it does seem like everyone complains about the service.
4	Everything was on point!!! Customer service was okay. It hit the spot on this cold Vegas day
3	The best part about this place is that they give you complimentary hot tea. Otherwise, their broth is bland and they barely gave me any tendon pieces. Price wise they're average, about $8 for a small. Gonna keep looking for something better.
5	I come to this place often and I'm always satisfied. I'm a creature of habit so I stick with the chicken breast soup, it just doesn't get any better than that. I also typically get the combination fried rice which is absolutely phenomenal! The service is always good and your food is on your table in a short amount of time. What also drives me to this place is the affordability of it all. I like the fact that I can grab a good meal and not break the bank for it. And being that it's down the street from my house, this has definitely become my "go-to" spot.
4	The Pho has a tasty base with plenty of meat. For those who do not care for Pho, this place has plenty of other dinner options. Pricing on the menu is very fair for what you order.  This location is always busy, and they are able to keep up with the pace. I recommend and don't forget to try the iced coffee.  It's great for those who love a great caffeine jolt!
1	Services is pissed poor. My friend already got his order, but I never got mine. Couldn't get anyone to take my order, every server kept passed by the table, just no one would stop to take my order. Will never go back to such pissed poor services restaurant.
