1	Went to see them at Chowdown Uptown an was super excited. Fish taco sounded awesome but got there to learn they ran out of fish early and despite a sushi menu were not offering. Waiting 20 minutes for 3 tacos was the final explosion. The girl out front explained they cook everything fresh, in a big event like this wouldnt it make sense to do things in batches? By the time people got their food they were pissed off. The tacos were under-seasoned with barely any sauce so all that was tasted was the corn tortilla.
4	Build your own tacos? Don't mind if I do. Heard the truck would be in my neighborhood so I walked over. Was going to bring the dog with me but since he's not allowed people food I figured that was unnecessary evil. Happened to run into fellow Yelper Jimmy D. there too, so that was a nice surprise!Every taco comes standard with a cabbage and veggie mixture. Then you select your meat (or no meat,) toppings, sauce, and shell. I went with chicken, cucumber and water chestnuts, in teriyaki on a soft shell. Delicious! They focus on fresh, local, all-natural food, so these are healthy noms, guys. They have sushi listed on their menu, but Grant who was running the truck tonight told me that a city regulation prevented them from serving it. I hope that changes soon!My tacos took less than 10 minutes. There were no tables or benches in the lot so I got it to-go and headed home. (I thought about hijacking a CM patio table but I think they might have frowned on that.) My shells got a little soggy with teriyaki by the time I got to eat them, but they were still delicious and I ate it all. Excellent stop for a quick, healthy, yummy meal!
4	The first time I ate here was so so, but Grant was very receptive to my feedback and said he'd do some changes and the second time trying this out I was much more pleased with product. They've addressed most of my complaints from chow down and improved on them in pretty creative ways.I feel like they're slowly working out the kinks since they're fairly new so I'm sure with time it'll get even better. The slow service from chow down is a bit speedier this time which is probably because they're not being mobbed by tons of hungry people. They've replaced the sushi with hibachi due to some conflict with the city regulations. The underseasoning and undersauced situation with the tacos has been amended, apparently they add in the sauce to the filling as they are being cooked now, and it shows the ingredients still taste super fresh while being infused with whichever type of sauce you decide on for your hibachi or taco entree. Even their hibachi is quite a bit healthier than the normal fare! They make their shrimp sauce with a less butter and no mayo instead opting for a lighter yogurt based sauce which tastes pretty delicious.I feel it's worth mentioning that all of their food is organic and freshly made to order so the prices are really quite reasonable. Only thing I'm left wanting for is gimme them desserts and side items! I want sweet potato fries and those fruit and chocolate fried wontons I tried at chow down. Otherwise Keep it up Maki Taco!
2	The concept of Maki Taco is great: creative, build our own tacos. The problem is in the execution. I got the panang fish tacos at Chow Down Uptown and really the only word to describe them was bland. The corn tortilla far overpowered anything in it. It wasn't bad, it just "wasn't". Add to this the fact that they were clearly overwhelmed with folks and you get a list of several key ingredients they were out of and a more than a 20 minute wait for food truck food.I would give Maki Taco another shot, but only if they were less mobbed. They have a good base to work with, but that night, when they could have made a great impression, they just weren't turning it out.
2	I saw the truck at Atherton Mill today and it sounded and smelled like a nice snack / light lunch for me and the little woman. I really wanted to like this place. There were 2 people in line in front of me so I expected a short wait, but it took a long, long, long time to get my 3 panang beef tacos. Luckily it was a very nice day and a pleasant wait so I was not too upset. The food was just OK. A couple of things stuck out as being done nicely, but mostly just an OK experience all around.Pros:the tortilla was excellent, tasty, crunchy, thin but didn't fall apart, and seemed to be whole grain of some sort.The veggies were very fresh and you could taste the bell pepperCons:Overall lack of flavor. There seemed to be a sauce of some sort on it but it was so thin it didn't contribute at all. I would rather have had some salt and pepper on the meat and veggies. The lack of seasoning really detracted from what could have been a stellar snack.Too much dripping watery liquid running out of the tacos and filling up the paper tray.The meat (beef) was a little tough, nothing terrible but a little care in slicing could have possibly alleviated this.The price seemed high for what I got. - nearly $12 for 3 tacos with a few strips of beef in each one.I will give them another chance if we happen to be in the same place at the same time again, but I won't seek them out.
3	So, after being extremely excited to try Maki Taco, I was a bit let down last night for my first experience. Don't get me wrong, I love the concept, the choices & the price; however, maybe this is a case of: "it's not you, it's me".  I had the shrimp, crunchy taco with cucumbers, scallions & shrimp sauce. The presentation, time to wait, price & the taco shell itself ranks high, but here are my issues: shrimp were very small, the cabbage was too much, there weren't enough scallions, I hardly tasted any cucumber, & the shrimp sauce was very light. I was pretty hungry, so I did eat all three tacos, but I had quite a pile of the cabbage mixture left.I will definitely give them another try, but next time I want to try the hibachi (which ironically, I initially was going to order it).Grant seems to be very open to feedback & is great in the social media world - he is an avid user of twitter, always posting where they will be & responds to follower's questions / comments.  They're definitely filling a void in the food truck offerings in Charlotte, so kudos to them for that!
4	Maki Taco is my #2 food truck. I was excited to try them ever since they sent me a note on Twitter months before they even got rolling (pardon the pun).  I've now had them many times as they typically are at the Atherton Mill Market Saturdays for lunch and also at the Chow Down food truck rallies.  Just look for the long line.Their concept is a pan-asian taco which means instead of latin flavors, they have sauces like peanut, teriyaki or panang curry and the veggies are thick cabbage and red pepper and cucumber. They have some pre-arranged taco combinations that you can choose, but I highly recommend the make-your-own combo. You can choose from chicken, shrimp or veggie, then you choose the veggies or toppings (incl. peanuts) to go on top and then you can mix and match sauces that go with them. I've had shrimp but I HIGHLY recommend the chicken instead and really love the panang curry sauce the best (with peanut as #2).  A combo of 3 tacos is $6.50 - what a great deal, non? Actually sometimes I think 3 is a bit much and they could get away with a combo of 2, but who's complaining? The only real thing to complain about is the aforementioned long line when you go to a rally. They're getting in their groove and typically the wait isn't as long once you actually place the order, but the order taking is slow because of the foreign concept, many choices and credit card processing. But I still love you Maki Taco.
3	I finally got a chance to try out Maki Taco at the Food Truck Rally in Noda.  I met up with a few friends to find out what the big deal was about these food trucks.  I ordered the Spicy Crab Tacos w/ avocado and the Shrimp Hibachi. The food was delicious but I wanted more for the price I paid.  Call me cheap but 2 tacos for $8.50 was kinda pricey to me.  I ordered the Shrimp Hibachi for my daughter and it was $9.50.  It was definitely a kids meal size but a grown up price.  The shrimp were small but overall it was delicious.  I was still hungry after devouring my tacos. LOL.  The wait wasn't long and the service was friendly.  I would consider coming back and trying other things on their menu.
4	I tried Maki Taco in Noda and was presently surprised with their Asian/ Mexican fusion. The hibachi and tacos were bursting with bold flavors. I just wish I could have tried more of their food. I can not wait for the next time.
3	As food trucks go, Maki, in concept, is everything one can aspire to be- mixing and crossing international cuisine borders to produce inventive new food that pushes gastronomic boundaries and challenges conventional thinking.  This is, afterall, one of the pluses of a food truck, smaller overhead and freedom to try new things without worry that some will be a hit while others will be lacking.Maki certianly swings for the fences by incorporating Pan Asian dishes into the convenience of street-friendly taco shells.  For example, bulgogi (or Korean bbq) is delicious all by itself, but it is normally a sit down meal.  When wrapped in a soft corn tortilla, however, you now have the distinctive taste of spicy sesame oil, soy, and garlic in a package fit for going mobile.  The sauce alone is unique and wonderful.  Maki's beef strips are rightly thin-sliced and the bell pepper and onion is not overly cooked into mush. The same goes for their crab and avacoado tacos.  This is basically a deconstructed sushi roll placed into crispy taco shell, complete with sesame seeds and cream cheese.  I wonder, however, if real crab is used given then uniformity of the shreads of meat that seem to be the hallmark of faux-crab stricks most commonly used in sushi restaurants.  Minor point, but the final product is most enjoyable and different due to the crunch of the shell.I just think Maki could go even further, however.  Rather than just wrap it all in a traditional Mexican exterior, why not include a few Mexican inspirations into your offerings?  For example, a verde "salsa" to go with your habachi dishes made from either cilantro or basil.  Lettuce shells instead of corn tortillas.  Rice paper taco shells to deconstruct a summer roll.  "Refried" lentils in place of the ubiquitous beans dropped onto the plate of most every Mexican restaurant.  Curried rice in place of mexican rice.  I'm just spit-balling, but my point is there is much more than can be explored here, and I think the chef has the skills to pull it off.  For the price paid, a side or two would go a long way to quelling the many Yelper comments I echo here: $10+ for 2 or 3 tacos leaves me feeling a bit wanting on the value scale.  I understand food trucks prefer a la carte pricing, but either price needs to shift down or something more is needed to add value for the customer. I will certainly continue to patronize Maki and will encourage others to try the same, but there are sparks of inspriation here ready to ignite and take off- I hope for and want Maki to light that fire.
3	I was excited to try Maki Taco for the first time at the Chow Down Uptown on Thursday. I went with high expectation. I was a little let down. I got the Korean bbq with spicy kim chi (sp?). The flavor was good, not as spicy as I expected. Nice crunch on the veggies too. The problem was the amount of veggies and sauce. It was hard to find the tacos in there. The first one was really good but by the time I got to the third taco, it just fell apart (soggy) due to the excessive amount of sauce. It made for a messy experience. I've got to go back & try them again.
4	The steak tacos with fresh vegetables are fabulous!
2	I had my first experience at the Maki Taco truck on Friday at Rural Hill.  After committing to staying in the hour-long line, I was very disappointed by the bland tacos.  I had the coconut curry chicken tacos.  I barely tasted any of the flavors in the taco.  My husband had the Maki Shrimp tacos, again, theses tacos were bland.  No Asian influence or flavor stood out in these tacos.  I will not visit this cart in the future.
3	Not a whole lot of flare going on with Maki Taco, but good food nonetheless!  I picked up some of their tacos right before they packed it up for the night during a minor brewery crawl.  I brought a decent sized group, so we got to try the staple tacos. First of all, the average order is between $7-$9's for three tacos and that is a lot of food! The food came out relatively quick, around 10 minutes and all four orders were out right after the other.  We had the Korean Bulgogi Steak Tacos that definitely brought some heat with the red peppers and tang via the marinade.  The Teriyaki Chicken Taco's were flavorful, but the safe option to choose.  Lastly, we split the Thai coconut Chicken Taco's and they were exceptional!  Overall the tacos were seasoned well and juicy, but had more vegetables as filler at the forefront than meat.      The guys running the truck were nice and efficient and I would definitely go back if I ever crossed paths with 'em in NoDa again.
4	I would crown them the best Taco spot in Charlotte but it would be unfair to the competition because I haven't had everyone else's. The spicy chicken tacos are to die for. Hibachi chicken and a tortilla, who wouldn't love this place? Amazing just plain ol amazing!
3	Pretty cool truck. Charlotte tends to have this "hip and trendy" factor that drives business. I'm glad Maki hasn't resorted to flashy paint schemes and marketing propaganda to lure victims. Keepin' the truck design simple, classic and cool like the OG Kogi truck and relying on their food to run their show. I applaud them for staying true. That's a real hipster right there. The downside of all that is if you're food is crap, well...The bulgogi tacos are by far the best thing I ate. That is worth a trip to the truck. The bang bang shrimp though - simply sloppy and that sauce...well..can we say Thousand Island?Spicy chicken was just that. Tasty, but nothing special. Hibachi chicken in a tortilla.Still, I enjoyed the show and I'm glad to have another food truck option. Stay true Charlotte.
1	Overpriced mediocre food.  After hearing about the truck and reading the reviews I was excited to finally get a chance to patronize them at Food Truck Friday. The young man taking the orders at the window seemed to be annoyed when I asked ONE question about the menu.  I ordered the Bang Bang Shrimp Tacos.  I got three tacos full of iceberg lettuce covered in some type of sauce; with about 4 small shrimp per taco for $9.00!!!   I am not a fan!  :-(
1	The idea of this food truck was so much better than the actual food. Three veggie tacos soaked completely through with a sauce leaving a quarter inch on the bottom of the boat. So disappointed and mildly irritated that I didn't just go down the street to Cabo.
5	I guess they stepped up heir game .... My boyfriend and I tried the hibachi chicken and it was delicious!  They were friendly and fast.  I totally enjoyed he experience.  You can even pay with a card since most of the food vendors I purchased from had a cube for payment instead of cash.  Super convenient!!
3	Maki was the winner for "where should I spend my Food Truck Friday money" this weekend. I was lucky enough to get there before the massive lines started to form. After I ordered, it was a good 20-deep behind me.I went with the bang bang shrimp tacos. They were just okay for me. Not bad, but nothing to sing from the rooftops about. My buddy Tom opted for the spicy chicken tacos. He wins. His was much better than mine. Good flavor combination. Great price for the amount of food. Three tacos for less than ten bucks. Bonus: Maki takes credit cards. It sends you a text after to show you how much you spent.The guy taking the orders was extremely friendly. I was most impressed by the fact that he could remember everyone's orders as we stood in a little group waiting for our food. The wait was minimal.I look forward to trying more of Maki Taco's offerings in the future. I'm hoping they will change their policy to let you mix and match tacos. I would love to be able to try a little bit of everything instead of three of the same thing.
3	Food taste and quality are good but the price is high for the quantity of food they serve.
2	This truck came to my work (Premier Inc.) today and I got 2 teriyaki tacos, 1 spicy chicken taco and a Dr.Pepper.Service was fast(ish), dr.pepper was only 1$ and the tacos were ~3$ a piece.The tacos were really messy, and did not have a lot of chicken on them.  They were basically inflated with cabbage.  The taste wasn't extraordinary on the spicy or the teriyaki.  The spicy taco wasn't really spicy, I think they just poured some sriracha on them.Some people said the hibachi chicken was good though, maybe if I'm stuck at work without a lunch again I'll give that a shot.
4	Just found out that area 15 has a food truck rally every Thursday. I had the chicken hibachi and it was delicious. The only thing was I would have liked more chicken in place of all the veggies but that's only because I'm a meat eater over veggies any day. Also, their shrimp sauce is awesome. I can never get enough of that stuff and I think they make their own. Super satisfied!
