5	Today I had to visit the Take Care Clinic insider here and I was truly grateful for their services.The MD on staff took me right in- no forms, no fuss. Straight to the "care".  They had a 6 minute strep test that she did right away.  Amazing.  No "sending it to the lab" and waiting.  Instant service.She also verified my insurance on the spot as well as electronically sent my prescription to the pharmacy...saving me a step.Great service and great idea.
5	The woman at the cosmetics counter (I believe her name was Edith) was the most helpful person I've ever encountered at any Walgreens in both Vegas and Chicago. She helped me find the perfect lipstick shade and on top of that she busted out all these coupons that saved me 10 dollars! It payed for 1/4 of my purchase! I was so happy! That is now my favorite Walgreens to get cosmetics!
4	I've always had good experiences at this Walgreens, from the weekly stop to pick up Aquafina, Coke, or STRAWBERRY SOUR STRAWS (yes, I'm yelling, caps totally necessary).   The pharmacy staff is always helpful and don't seem to be the type that would make fun of you behind your back if you got an embarrassing prescription.The rest of the staff is also non-judgmental it seems even when I walk in with an old out of style t-shirt that's 3 times too large for me and a pair of atrocious jeans or whatever not to be seen in public outfit I might be wearing when there's an emergency and I need to get replacement smoke detector batteries before the beeping makes me stab my eardrums with a screwdriver.The only reason I'm doing 4 and not 5 is because typical of all Walgreens, not just this location, the prices are a little higher on most items than your standard grocery store.  But I usually pay the difference because the closest grocery store is approximately .0000000003 miles farther from my house and I'm too lazy to go the extra distance.
4	Always  a clean store and they always have deals going on that I like
5	(I'm reviewing the Take Care Clinic) The most efficient, effective way of getting your doctors note for work. The service was great, and the best part is that its all done in one room. The doctor never leaves the room for you to wait around! Super fast, great experience...i will use them again for sure
5	Very friendly staff.  I have been there two times in the last year and the service was fast and efficient.   I will be back.
5	This Walgreens location is 24 hours, by my house, and is in the parking lot of my favorite egg foo young spot (Chopstix).  Win!It is always very clean in this store, and I always feel safe in it even late at night.  Every employee I have interacted with at this store is pleasant, and for the most part it does not take too long to get in and get out.Like most Walgreens, they have a seasonal area with all the goodies for upcoming holidays/seasons.  I love checking out the clearance here as well as in the back corner.  I've scored many a candy and nail polish for dirt cheap.Even when I'm deathly ill and trying to get some Sudafed from the pharmacy, they don't give me any funny looks and quickly check me out with a smile.  I suppose they're used to seeing sickies back there, though.  Ha.Ah, Sin City.  The town where 24-hour convenience is in abundance.  I'm pretty sure we're spoiled here.
5	A great pharmacy! The folks were super helpful when we forgot some meds at home. Then Jessica put in a coupon that saved is big $. Definitely recommended!
1	I'm writing this while waiting at the Walgreens clinic...I've never been to one before and this will be my last visit.  They seem disorganized; although I have an appointment, there are a number of patients in front of me, and I'm waiting 50 minutes and counting.  There is no receptionist on duty; it is run by a computer check-in system, and the PE on duty just runs around from room to room, barely keeping it together (she seems at least friendly). The clinic has a similar vibe to the photo development area, sort of a modular add-on with a cardboard laminate front desk.  Buyer beware.
