5	Had an invitation to the pre-sale so we decided to check it out.  As expected, crazy packed!  Really like the fact that they brought some employees from other Nordstrom Racks so they were very efficient and was able to deal with the hectic environment.  I purchased some golf shirts and my wife purchased some workout clothes and heels.  I will definitely return weekly to see how well they stock their items.  Tip: you can ask pretty much any employee with a neon green shirt to check you out remotely.  No need to wait in line at the registers located up front.
5	Love a Nordstroms Rack... This one is exceptional, great selection, clean, organized & in general a good vibe. We are delighted that Nordstrom's put a Rack in Downtown Summerlin.   Just hope they get they get some more larger size ladies shoes & tall girl items!!
3	Poorly stocked, overly crowded, and frankly underwhelming in its early opening weeks I've now been to the store twice and am convinced that this is the worst Nordstrom Rack to date.  Friendly service aside there really is not much to see here compared to versions in other cities, or even other Las Vegas locations.  Sure they have time to grow their selection and work on the layout, but considering they delayed the opening compared to the rest of Downtown Summerlin they should have been more prepared to offer a better customer experience.  +1 for the half-off shoe care products last week, at least it justified the stop.
1	I will wait to go back until the novelty of Downtown Summerlin wears off. This place was so packed it was claustrophobic. People were pushing and it was hard to walk anywhere without running into someone. We couldn't wait to get out of there. Employees in neon green t-shirts were sporting the deer in the headlights/thousand yard stare and were useless. Prices were jacked up for Summerlin of course. Everything looked picked through and thrown around. I didn't find anything under $100. Went home to browse their website and found some deals. I hope they improve after the new wears off. I had been looking forward to this location opening but this looked as bad as Burlington before Easter!
3	I love Nordstrom rack and would always give a 5 star, but seriously...when you open up a new store, please TRAIN EVERYONE WELL!!! I swear this store has the most brand new, don't know nothing people I've seen in a nord rack!!! Come on!!! Do better nordstroms!!!
5	this place issss fiyaaaahi be gettin all my discounted swag in here, never payin that young full price! amazing customer service and selection of clothing!
5	My only previous experience with NR shopping was Southern California and Henderson. I was not a fan of either one.  I found them crowded, disorganized and never found any deals.  I did visit this store on Veteran's day morning so that could explain why there was no crowd like one might expect to find on the weekends.  Store was clean and organized.  I browsed the purses, all the women's clothing and shoes.  I was impressed with their selection of workout gear, especially Nike.  I love Nike but I especially love it at a discount price.  Same with the shoe selection.  I recall avoiding the shoe areas at the other NRs because the aisles would be full of boxes and nothing in the right spot.  So either customers put items back here or there is enough staff to stay on top of it.  The clothing items that were merchandised seemed to have a variety of sizes.  They had quite a few racks of clearance but searching has never been my thing so I can't speak to that.  Given it's proximity to my neighborhood I can definitely see myself shopping here on a regular basis.
4	Love Love Love! First of all I always think you should wait until a place is "broken in" before you review.  opening day? yea its gonna be busy, its gonna be packed, there will be untrained people hired yesterday.  Its how openings go.. If you're unfamiliar the rack is about 1/2 discounted nordstroms merch and 1/2 merch ordered for this store.  Nordstrom has the best return policy ever (ie. they take anything back from anytime) so you'll find returns (that couldn't be resold) as well as extras and unsold clearance.  Ive gotten many a "worn and resoled" amazing shoes! Theres about 20 fitting rooms so theres no waiting.  like ever.  And anyone in a lime green shirt can ring you up at any spot (sorry only cards, no cash) Long story short, go with an open mind... you can't go in to get a specific shoe or shirt.  But if you go in for a white button down, black peep toes, or a dress for a wedding you'll surly find something.
4	Finally - I don't have to drive all the way down to Henderson to get my discount department shopping done! The new Downtown Summerlin location has answered the prayers of those on the westside who to devote their afternoon driving out to Henderson and find a spot to eat out their for lunch and dinner to make the most of their gas money. Like other Nordstrom Racks, this place had a wide selection of retail. I went here on a Friday night and it was pretty poppin', like the rest of the area. Parking was a bit hard since everyone seems to be going to Downtown Summerlin. The store was neat and organized, and hadn't been too trashed yet. They seem well-staffed for the amount of folks coming in. I can definitely imagine this place being a madhouse as we get into the holidays a bit more, so shop safely :D
2	They have a lot of nice stuff, but the pickings of certain things to my liking DONT heavily exist. They do have a vast selection of merchandise, so if you look hard enough (1-2 hours) you'll probably find something you like. I'll give this store a try again sometime next year when the seasons and merchandise change.
4	The only Nordstrom Rack I've ever been in until now was in NE Philly, and it's been years.  I popped in to this new one and was delighted.  Not that I found so much to buy, because I'm not a huge shopper.  But happiness is in the hunt, and I did find a few things worthy of my Master Card.  That was a week ago.  Since then I've been back twice, first to return something I decided wasn't for me, buying a couple of other things in the process, and then again tonight, to exchange something for a different size (and they did have it!).  That was a quick visit.  So quick, in fact, that in the space of 10 seconds I managed to find two other things to buy!  One was a nightshirt - my favorite thing to sleep in that's usually hard to find in a woven cotton.  They didn't have it in my size on my visit of a few nights ago, but this time there were - TA-DAH - three of them on the rack.  Also a pair of fleece lounging pants with tight cuffs, a necessity for peewee me.  No tailoring or roll-up necessary.  All this just going from the wall rack where my item for exchange was hanging to the register.  It was kinda like Supermarket Sweeps.I wasn't looking for anything in particular each time I went to the store.  So it has been a learning experience:  this is a place that needs to be visited often, because you never know what you're going to find that you didn't know you needed but can't live without.  So go already!
4	A great new addition to the neighborhood! With the opening of Downtown Summerlin I was ecstatic to learn this store was coming! I don't always get lucky with my finds here but typically I always find something! This trip got me a great pair of black pants, a suit top and an adorable lip necklace. The prices are great and I didn't have any luck with shoes but I'm still a big fan! The store was clean and hopefully it stays organized. I look forward to many future trips.
2	I am a consummate Nordstrom's Rack shopper, whenever a new one opens within a 2 state area (California/Nevada) I try and make it out.  All of the best stuff seems to come when a new Rack opens.  I have been to upwards of 15 Nordstrom Racks and some are certainly better than other, however, none are worse than this one.  The Men's Department is laughably small and the selection is rubbish.  There was nothing at all that I could find to buy.  In fact I was so disheartened that I thought a little shopping might cheer me up and I went to the Rack in Henderson and purchased 2 sweaters.  I had high hopes for this new Rack but I doubt I will make the journey back out to Summerlin just for this store.  Very disappointed indeed.
