2	I do not share the excitement of Rebekah for this place.  Why is it a sports bar has to look weathered, dirty and old.  I swear people design these places trying to make it look like it has been there forever.Okay, so that is the decor which is just so... well... un-exciting and predictable.The food.  Hmmm... see above.  un-exciting and predictable.Service was okay.  The staff seems engaged and want to do a good job but I swear (and I know I am harping back on the decor) the decor sucks the life out of you.  Where is the energy?  Excitement?When I look for a place to catch a game, I want a good TV, lots to view at, good food (doesn't have to be great, just good), cold beer and servers that care and try.I will end up trying this again because of friends driving me there... but not my top choice.
2	Hickory Tavern trades out on what the Carolinas use to be and misses the mark on what Charlotte is.  Charlotte is a major city now.  It is still growing.  This new style (this location) is a move in the right direction.  Decor and layout are pluses, but menu selection and service leave a lot to be desired.  Let me re-emphasize the service.  It is not even close to being good.  I have been in this location three times now.  Only once did we have a server with a personality.  None of the times did the food come out in a realistic time frame.Why oh why do I see cooks in the dining room?  Why did it take 25 minutes to get food on a day when they simply were not busy?  Oh, thats right... the cooks are watching TV in the dining room.  I guess the servers are in the back doing their nails.
3	Hickory tavern is a larger chain kind of restaurant.  it is a good place to go and watch a game.  they run a variety of specials - tuesday crab legs !  their food is solid and the service is what you would expect.  I have been to this establishment for lunch, dinner and afternoon hanging out.  Good selection of beers and a good variety to the menu earn this place a solid spot on any go to list I have.
5	Great place, great beer selection And good food. Lots of weekly promos including Team Trivia on Wednesday Nights!!!
3	Nice place for a sportsbar, but a bit pricy.  They do have a decent crab legs special sometimes, but it's not worth the price still.  I would go somewhere else if you are looking for something other than overpriced bar food and lots of tv's
4	I have been here several times in the past and thought that the food was OK. But, tonight I met a friend who suggested we go and thought great I have no idea what I'm going to get. They bring you these Paul Bundy size menu's and there's nothing I want to eat. Tonight though was another story. They just redid their menu. They have so many new appealing options, like, BYO (build your own) Salads. You can pick your fruit, cheese and meat that best suit you. They also added fish tacos to the menu which I highly recommend. They were excellent. A little pico de gallo, lettuce and grilled Thalia... yummmm. It comes with fries or their homemade chips (killer!) or the vegetable of the day. I had fresh zucchini. My meal was $8.95. I didn't think that was unreasonably priced. They also added several sandwiches to the menu ranging from 8.95 to 10.95. Our waitress was attentive and was quick to replace my empty little soldiers :) Actually she suggested visiting this place on Exit 28 on Monday night's for their $2 Corona specials. I appreciated the special attention (I always like a deal). If you have been before and was like me a little skeptical, give them another try. As for the decor.... please people... it's a sports bar. What do you want crystal chandlers and cloth napkins?
3	Great place to go on Game day.They have quite a few HD plasmas and one really long table where maybe 20 or more people can sit.Lot's of booths and seats at the bar as well.We went on a Friday afternoon for a late lunch. Not crowded at all and we had very good service.We had the oysters for an appetizer, when i asked what kind our waitressasked 'what do you mean'. It went down hill from there. Turns out they are 'gold band' from the Gulf. They were tasteless and tiny.The crab dip appetizer was quite good, it comes with toast points and made for a nice starter.I had the BBQ chicken tacos, you get two and fries on the side.They were quite good and a decent size for two tacos.
3	Been here a couple of times and it seems like a solid place when getting lunch.  This location is convenient to my office and we have lots of office get togethers here.  For big groups, they easily can move tables for lunch so we have been here a lot of times and not been disappointed.They did change the menu recently, I've only had a chance to try a sandwich but it looks like they re-invented their salads.. maybe not for the better.Most of the servers here are pretty competent and pretty good at keeping your glass refiled and getting your orders correct. Have not gone here to watch a sporting event, but it looks to be equipped to handle it, no problem.
2	We have been here several times, since it is close to our church.  The service is consistently slow and slack.  Refills are slow and it seems to be an inconvenience for servers.  Food is sometimes ok, sometimes just cold.  You have other options, so take them.  If all you want is a beer to watch the game, then it might be ok.
3	The food was average for a bar-restaurant type of place. Beer selection was ok. Plenty of TVs if you want to watch the game or can be distracting of you're not.
3	Was it that crazy of me to expect the Hickory Tavern to carry some Olde Hickory beer on draft? Am I wrong? Am I wrong? Okay then. So after that initial disappointment, a Coke suited me just fine.  This place has a nice little patio for outdoor eating which we took advantage of so I didn't catch much on the inside. Our server was very friendly and good. The buffalo chicken taco sounded tempting, but I went with some sort of pepper jack burger with fries and left feeling happy with my decision, and typically when I end up ordering a burger, I leave with regret most places. She did bring me a side of hot buffalo sauce as requested that gave the meal a little more flavor.  Decent spot.
3	Amazing GRILL chicken wings. Over price but good cold beer. Awesome place to watch sports.
3	I enjoyed this sports bar while watching the Tarheel game Saturday.  There are plenty of screens and plenty of seating.  Karoke shortly followed the games.  I hear there is jazz at some locations.  This place served its purpose.  I cannot complain about anything besides the slooooow service we received.  It took 25 mins for one app to come out.  The server was new and awkward as well.
3	Good Sports Bar...I've been to this particular Hickory Tavern many times over the past few years.Highlights:-Diverse menu: They really have just about anything you could want to eat at a sports bar.  Their wings are pretty good.  I like to get them charred for a $1 extra.-Phenomenal screen setup: I've been to many sports bars in and around the Charlotte area, and this particular Hickory Tavern has one of the best television layouts around.  Whether you are sitting at the bar or in the dining room area, you are never far away from a nice, clear, HD, flat-screen to watch the game of your liking.  Lowlights:-Service: The service is hit or miss honestly, and it seems like lately its more miss.  Of course this is my own personal opinion, but I feel like it takes the bar tenders a while to recognize new patrons when they walk up and take a seat.  It seemingly takes forever to get served that first drink, but once you do, you're good to go.-Parking: Due to the other businesses and establishments in this plaza, parking can often be tight, especially when big games or events are going on.   -Price/Specials: To me, their specials aren't really "special".  In fact, I would that this place is a bit overpriced as a whole.  All in all, Hick. Tav is a cool sports bar/restaurant.  You can't go wrong with the food here, even though the service is often spotty.  Not worth a drive in you are not in the area, but if you are, its a nice spot to check out.
5	Great sports bar! It's very crowded on Sundays for football, but its worth it because they have some great drink specials and plenty of televisions to catch the all the games! The bartenders, management and waitstaff are very friendly! I highly recommend this place! By the way, the bee sting wings are amazing!
2	This establishment is the best representation of meh in the physical form...We came here because we were in the area with some friends and they suggested it...  I will never listen to them again... Okay, maybe it wasn't THAT bad, but it definitely wasn't good... First off, I ordered a small house salad with balsamic vinaigrette dressing and a half order of the BBQ chicken flatbread and the boyfriend ordered an 8 piece wing basket... I get my salad and the dressing is possibly the worst I've ever encountered, but I tried to fight through it... By the time the waitress came by again to check on us, I was just over the salad and ready for my meal, so I let it slide... They brought out the rest of the food... Apparently a wing flew out of the boyfriend's basket on the way to our table... They gave us the funny face when we brought it up and then stood next to him to count them out as if he couldn't count all the way up to 7... Not to mention, the loaded baked potato he ordered was only half cocked because there was no bacon anywhere on it... Okaaaay... Meanwhile, I'm still sitting there with a picked over salad, unappetizing dressing with no flatbread... Finally, the manager comes out and says that someone dropped my food and they'll have it out in two minutes... Thirty minutes later, the rest of my party is finished with their food and I'm just sitting there with my empty beer glass (all of ours had been that way for quite a while, mind you... Does this HT not believe in refills?)... I called the manager back over and had to request that they box up my flatbread to go because the rest of my party was finished and asked to have it removed from my bill... I don't do that often because I understand that things happen, but I usually never have to ask because the manager offers some sort of concession when screw-ups occur... The kicker?  Since I didn't eat it that night, I tried to reheat it the next day... I don't know if it was that bland when I brought it home or if something weird happened after I put it in the oven at home, but it tasted so bad I couldn't even finish it... I'm not saying this is the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant because I'm sure that something has topped this... I AM saying I can't remember anything worse right now... lolThe only reason they get two stars is because two out of the four people at our table didn't have any issues with their meals... Maybe it was just our bad luck that time, but I won't be back to this location...
5	Great service and great food! Everything from wings to Salmon. Highly recommend.
4	This place has really good Bloody Mary's and I really enjoyed the steamed oysters. I've had the hot wings here in the past and they are also very good. The place can get a bit crowded and noisy when the big screen TV's are showing favorite sporting events, but that is not a problem in my book.
4	Was our third choice of where to eat Monday evening, but power outages in north Charlotte had us ending up here.I have 0 complains. Maybe its because of the very bad service we had with the previous place we had just left and we all was very hungry.Drinks and food came in expected time. Had a party of 11( was 18 but 7 went home after the incident from where we was earlier) but they didn't put on the standard 19% tip.. We left them 21%Overall good experience!
3	Of all the sports bars in Charlotte, there is something about Hickory Tavern that keeps me coming back. The staff is friendly and the tvs are plentiful, indoors and out. They also have a large bar area that makes it easy to hang out with friends and still have a good view of the game. I went this weekend to watch the Panther's game. The place was packed and the energy was high. The food is also pretty good. I like the plain jane wings (aka dry rub) and the Carolina dog, a grilled hotdog toped with chili, coleslaw and mustard. The hotdog is served with your choice of a side, so I got the sweet potato fries. The fries were okay. They were drizzled with honey (which I didn't mind, but I didn't expect). They also weren't hot (they were luke warm at best).  My friend ordered the jerk chicken wings and he really enjoyed them. I must say that I was impressed with how attentive our waitress was. The place was full and she still took our order quickly, checked on us regularly and did it all with a smile. Overall, this is a solid spot. They have daily drink specials, good bar food and nice servers. It's a good spot to watch the game.
4	Good informal sports bar atmosphere but not too dark if it's a business lunch. And plenty of big screens if it isn't a business lunch or if it's a boring one. I've been there twice and thought the service was a tad slow - nothing major, but probably not the place to going time is short.
2	If you're in a hurry, stay away.  This is not a good place for a fast lunch.  Ive given this location numerous chances.  It takes them over a hour to serve a salad(lettuce)On a plus side,  a great place for sports events and drinks.
4	Looks like a great spot ... i like the atmosphere.. service was good.. all around decent place for catching a football game with their t.v.s hanging in every corner. and the food doesn't upset your wallet or your stomach.... :) i will go back and try the salmon BLT .. that sounds wonderful
3	I've been here twice. The first visit was spectacular and the reason I came back for a 2nd visit.That's where the sh*t hit the fan. Our server was an immature 20-something who was too busy flirting with his co-worker sitting in the table next to us. My fiance ordered a hamburger and I order the jerk chicken wings.The flirting retard screwed up the burger order (remember these idiots want a $15/hr minimum wage...laughable) and brought out burnt wings covered in sauce that wasn't authentic jerk sauce (think they used the sauce to cover up the mistake).If this wasn't bad enough, the idiot server attacked us with a desperate sales pitch. It seems the servers had a holiday competition that involved seeing who could sell the most gift cards. Needless to say, this terrible waiter got a shiny penny for his tip. Hopefully the co-worker he was flirting with and who he gave better service to left him a much better tip.May go back and give them another chance but will run like hell if we have this crappy waiter again.
4	I eat here maybe once a month, and it's consistently good.  Friendly service and lots of TVs.  My favorite item is the Buffalo Chicken Tacos with Sweet Potato Fries.  The Fries are always perfect!
4	Standard Hickory Tavern food. The service here can be a hit or miss.On the 'big' snowstorm of 2013, they were open late and we were able to get a quick dinner.
2	Really disappointing service.  Probably the worst I can remember.  I was with a group on a Saturday night.  The crowd was probably normal for a Saturday.  Not 100% full but busy.We sat on the patio for a total of 3 hours.  I would estimate we saw our waitress a total of 4 or 5 times (counting her introduction).  We did manage to get a burger and 2 beers.  One member of the party who arrived after the others asked her to come back for a food order - she never did.At the end of the evening we had to track down the manager to ask for our tab.  He generously gave us a 20% discount off our tab.  (In retrospect we should have walked out after waiting an hour with no tab to pay).I will make it a point not to stop by again.  Too bad. It's a very convenient restaurant since we live nearby.
4	It's nice because of the casual dining, lively bar atmosphere, and sports enthusiasm (#2 rated ESPN sports bar in North Carolina) makes it a nice place to visit no matter what the time of day. The food is OK (great Fiesta Salad, though).
1	Worst service I've ever had. Sat out on the patio, and it wasn't busy.  When we walked in the hostesses were all on their phones and acted like we were a nuisance for coming in. No smile, took us to our table, dropped menus off and left. It didn't get better from there. Our waitress was short, took our drinks and left. When she finally came back I had to ask her for an appetizer, and same scenario when ordering food. Other servers brought us our food, and they were friendly and what you would expect of waitresses. When I left, I tweeted the restaurant and got a reply asking for me to email them with more info. I did, but never heard back.
1	It's not hard to get Nachos wrong, but they did. So disappointed in this Hickory Tavern. Came to watch football but could hardly hear anything over the outrageously loud crowd. Service was pretty bad as well.. Waited ten minutes just to get our check so we could go watch the game elsewhere.
3	We went on a Friday night around 10 pm. It was decently crowded but we were seated pretty quickly. Our server was great and quickly got us water or anything that we needed. I got the jerk chicken sandwich with cheese and bacon, definitely worth it! The fries were decent, nothing special. The only complaint I have is that the music was too loud. I understand that it's a Friday night but we could barely hear ourselves talk. Overall I'd definitely go again and recommend this restaurant.
4	The Hickory Tavern is a solid local chain to go to for some good pub food. I have hosted many work events here and tried a lot of the menu items. I will highlight a few of the ones that I can speak to.Chicken Quesadilla 5/5- Comes with a jalapenos, sour cream, etc. to add into the quesadilla if you want!Charred Plain Jane wings 5/5- AMAZING. They are such a hit with anyone I've ever gone here withLobster Roll- 5/5 My Go-to item... I swear its the best one in town. You wouldn't expect it either. The bread is tasty and the price can't be beatCrab dip- 3/5 AverageSliders- 3/5Tavern Potato Chips- 5/5 the sauce is addicting!Chips and Queso- 3/5Black and Blue Burger- 5/5The service has been solid at all of the locations I have gone to. Most of the time, it has been excellent!
2	Food was pretty good, but I didn't have the opportunity to enjoy it as a result of poor customer service. I was escorted to my table by the hostess, but no server attended to my table to for at least 10 minutes. Once she came, she was apologetic, but still didn't serve with much more attention following the delayed service. This is one of those times when the lack of customer service removes the desire to return to an establishment.
