5	Hi Everyone!! I'm a current employee with Sullens and Euchner, been employed with them since 2007. Sullens and Euchner specializes in rental properties, condos, and home sales. I remember the first time I saw Ms. Sullens and Ms. Euchner. They were sitting in a model apartment with the owner of the property I was working for at that time. I was not yet working for them. I will never forget walking in that door, me of course terrified because I knew what was going on. I thought to myself oh boy, I need to go find a new job. Usually when management takes over a new property, they don't give you a change to prove yourself. They let go of every one! So, guess who is very worried! Yes, me! But when I turned to look at the two ladies sitting with the owner, they both gave me a warmth smile. Ms. Sullens, like a week later comes to introduce herself and was very nice, smiling, and told all of us that we would have a change to keep our positions, to see if we worked out in her company. She is and was very professional, very sweet, and has a heart of gold. She was my district manager for about 4-5 months. Then I got to meet one of my most favorite people in this world, Ms. Euchner. She then became my district manger. She also is just one of the most energetic, bubbly, professional, wonderful people I have ever met. She always offered a hand, no matter what!!! She and the rest of the company became "My second family". I'm glad they gave me that opportunity, I got to know Terri and Pamela and I can honestly say that if you ever have the honor to work for them, then your lucky :0)I have worked and helped in several communities through out the time and have also met other wonderful managers and coworkers. As an employee, I love them... As a resident that lives in one of the communities, I love them.... As a person to recommend to live in their communities or to work for them, Absolutely 100% I have to say this... Sullens and Euchner is one of the most positive things that has happened to me. I am honored to work for them. I am sad to leave the company for unfortunate personal circumstances, since I have to leave the state. But they will always have a piece of my heart. I will miss them.By the way.. Sullens and Euchner is all about Superb Customer service, positive ways to help people in need and much more. Check out their website at www.sullensandeuchner.com. If any one has a different experience than the one I have had for almost 3 years, then stop and think of this. It might not be them, it might be you and your personality, you might not fit in with these wonderful ladies. I don't want to forget to mention the rest of our corporate team that have also been very helpful and knowledgeable. Thank You Sullens & Euchner!B.Mtz.
1	I have had nothing but horrible experiences with Sullens & Euchner. To name a few things: they have changed my lease terms and neglected to notice the documents in my file that state 'my rent will not increase', they have lost the master key to my house at the property management office three times which ultimately ends in maintenance not showing up or notifying me of the key loss until weeks later, the maintenance team is horrendous and has neglected to fix a hole in my shower, plugged shower drains and broken washer/dryer for weeks at a time and to top it all off they won't refund me for any of the costs associated with a laundromat (hard to find in north Scottsdale) or plumbing expenses associated with the bathroom problems. In short, I would think twice about using this company to manage any property and as a renter I will never rent a property that is managed by Sullens & Euchner again.
