3	Shane's Rib Shack  is the best!  Shane's has one of the best Bar-B-Q Sandwiches around.  I'm talking about two big buttery toasted pieces of white bread with a huge pile of  pulled pork stuffed in the middle, make sure to get extra sauce though, because they don't initially put much sauce on the sandwich.  The Bar-B-Q salad is pretty darn good too.  Shane's is a chain and it is more of a fast food joint than a die-hard smoke'em outside Carolina Bar-B-Q place, but still, its inexpensive, fast and good, perfect for a quick filling lunch that will leave you licking your lips and smiling.
5	I'm not a big fan of BBQ, but I do love Shane's BBQ sandwiches.  I'm not sure what makes their BBQ so special.  Maybe it's the amount of meat you get.  We usually go there for lunch about once every other week and get the Big Dad sandwich.  The Big Dad is a HUGE mound of shredded pork on two pieces of Texas toast.  The pork shadows the thick toast.  Then you can add whatever sort of BBQ sauce, if any, you want.  Spicy for me, please!  Or hot.  I can't tell the difference between their Spicy and Hot sauce, so I just mix them together.  With the combo I get, I can pick whatever side I want.  I've tried the fries, mac & cheese, and their new fried okra.  All are good, but you get more fries than the others so it can be a better value if you're especially hungry.  Today I tried their chicken fingers because they had a special of 3 chicken fingers, fries, and a drink of only $5.  Score!   For a place whose specialty is BBQ and not chicken fingers/wings, their fingers were amazing.  Each one was thick and meaty.  Then they roll them in your choice of sauce.  I got hot, of course, and it was amazing, too.  Wow.  Such flavorful hot sauce!  Now I'm going to have a tough time deciding between their Big Dad and chicken fingers next time we go...The theming of Shane's is fun, too, (it's supposed to be like a shack) and the service at this particular location is always top-notch.
3	I had wanted to try Shane's for a while, simply because it sounds good.  I mean you get a lot out of a name like "Rib Shack".  How could it not be good?  We went and tried the sampler - chicken fingers, ribs, and barbecue (sorry, I spell my 'cue with a C).All-in-all, it wasn't bad, but I can't say that I'll be back looking for more anytime soon, and that's for three reasons.  One: The sides were okay.  Two: The 'cue was average, and if I'm going to go for average, I'll go somewhere closer.  Three, and most importantly: We actually went by on election day, where they said if you wear your sticker when you come by, you get free food.  Then when we tried, they said they weren't doing it.  That's just wrong.Now the folks at Shane's are very nice - the staff has always been very friendly.  But the food just isn't that good.  It's decent and all, but I agree with Tony - if you're after good 'cue, go somewhere that has it.  I'd suggest McKoy's personally, but his suggestions are good too.
4	I tried Shane's today, and enjoyed it a lot.  My husband and I shared the large Sampler, which was 16.99.  It included 3 chicken strips, 4 ribs, pulled pork, Texas Toast, and 2 sides.  I wasn't expecting a lot out of the chicken, but they were surprisingly tasty.  They were all breast meat, crispy, and flavorful.  They offered to toss them in one of about 8 or so sauces, but my dh and I have different taste and ordered sauce on the side.  The ribs were very tender and meaty.  The pulled pork was moist and flavorful, and they gave us a very generous portion.  We tried a number of sauces, and all were tasty.  We enjoyed the potato salad, but I wasn't a big fan of the coleslaw, which seemed overly vinegary.  Our order was brought quickly, and the employees were friendly.Shane's has an outdoor eating area, but it backs up to W.T. Harris.  I think it would be pretty noisy to eat out there.All in all, I was very pleased, and we will be coming back soon!
3	Last review from my Emily my Niece as we completed our short vacation to Charlotte NC. My comments follow."Hello again this shall be one of my last reviews so I hope you like it. I personally think that Shanes is a pretty good rib shop. A great deal there is the big daddy. The big daddy is a sandwich with chopped pork barbecue but u get it plain with no sauce there is a booth there you can BBQ sauce. They have original, hot, and spicy. I enjoyed my lunch!"My commentsPros- Good smokey ribs (full rack about $19). NC BBQ (pulled pork). Big Daddy BBQ sandwich. Sides: Brunswick Stew, slaw, mac & cheese.- All you can handle BBQ sauce - very tasty - good kick.- Mall parking- Great NC hospitality & service ("Sir", everything OK, etc).- Plenty of seating insideCons- Full rack of ribs didn't seem like full rack I normally get in California.Return Visit- Yes, next time I'm in NC
3	Good place for lunch... though I used to think the portion sizes were great, but now me-thinks they are a bit much.  Last time I came, the BBQ was great... just too much of a good thing though.  Didn't feel too well after eating.  My philosophy is to wipe your plate clean, I HATE to waste food - at least you know you get your moneys worth here.I did try the "spicy" BBQ sauce available at the counter and it had a good zip to it.  I think next time I will try the BBQ sanwhich instead of the plate, maybe it will be juuusssttt right...  sorry for sounding like Goldilocks and the 3 Bears.
3	For lunch yesterday, I got a craving for BBQ.  I did not really feel like fighting the crowds at Mac's Speed Shop today, no matter how good the 'cue is.  After doing some research, I found Shane's Rib Shack, which is fairly close to my office.Shane's Rib Shack is a chain BBQ restaurant, with restaurants in 14 states, primarily in the southeastern United States.  There are 2 Charlotte-area locations: near Northlake Mall and the University area.  I went to the one in the University area.  When I arrive, I find that it's located in a "shopping center".It just so happens that the lunch special was their smothered pork sandwich with a side, so that is what I ordered.  For my side, I chose Brunswick stew.  I place my order and grab a seat.  The first thing I notice is that they have multiple sauces available.  Naturally, I had to give them a shot.All of the sauces were primarily tomato-based.  The original sauce had a bold but not overpowering flavor.  I could taste hints of mustard and chili powder in the sauce.  The hot sauce had essentially the same flavor profiles as the original, but it also had some back heat.  My favorite out of the three was the spicy sauce.  It contained the bold flavors of the original sauce and the back heat of the hot sauce while adding a level of complexity through what tasted like ground peppercorns.  The sauces were not all that complicated and overwhelming, but they were solid.  And sometimes solid is just what the doctor ordered.Less than five minutes after ordering (and literally right after finishing the sauce tasting), my meal comes out.  The first thing I notice is the size of the sandwich -- it's significantly larger than I expected.  This is a plus!  I was expecting a sandwich on a normal-sized bun.  Instead, the bun was extra large (about 25% larger than a normal sandwich bun) and piled high with plenty of pork (along with some slaw).The pork on the sandwich was pulled, with the pieces varying in size.  There was a nice mixture of pork and "outside brown".  There was not a lot of smoke flavor in the meat, which was not a surprise.  However, the pork was very moist, and I could actually taste the meat.  I went ahead and added the spicy sauce to the sandwich and ate away.  All in all, a solid sandwich.After finishing off the sandwich, I moved to the Brunswick stew.  At first glance, this did not resemble anything stew-ish at all.  There were ample amounts of the pulled pork along with the other requisite ingredients that constitute Brunswick stew.All in all, I found that the taste of this was solid too.  If it was not for the portion size of the sandwich, I probably would say that the portion of the stew was a bit on the small side.Overall, I would say that Shane's Rib Shack (at least this particular location) is a safe choice when it comes to BBQ.  For most people who may not be as picky about their BBQ, they will absolutely love itThis review is available with pictures at http://www.bigwaynerbbq.com/2011/02/10/review-shanes-rib-shack-charlotte-nc/.
4	This is some good ole down home BBQ! I had the ribs and the brisket sweetpotato fries and corn i think.... man o man the ribs were smokin good. Falling off the bone and messy as can be. Not to mention they have some really good home made BBQ sauce that'll add a little fire to your face! We liked this place so much we went back a second time while we were working in Charlotte for a couple weeks this spring. The girls at the front were really nice and helpful on what to order. This is a really nice location too, clean and plenty of parking near Shane's (can't say the same for the other restaurants in the plaza.
3	BBQ fast. I like the flavor and enjoy eating there occasionally. I order the pulled pork dinner plate and sweet tea. I feel the food is fast, tastes good, priced fair and consistent.  Great place to go if you want to avoid cooking at home.
4	For fast food this place does BBQ right.Great salad option with pulled pork and BBQ Chicken
2	If the sign on your door says "Chicken Any Way" it does not behoove you to serve mediocre chicken.I know, I know. It's called Shane's RIB Shack. But it was on the dang door and makes up a large portion of their menu. I got the 3 piece buffalo chicken with Hot sauce. I can not imagine how they have two sauces less hot unless one of them is mayonnaise or something.I opted to swap out my fries for greens. Granted it is a matter of preference but all the delicious vinegar and pepper I find in my favorite greens is replaced with meat flavor and sweetness If that is your style, then go for it, but I was left wanting.Theoretically, I could go back and try their BBQ but their prices aren't particularly cheap and, despite the best attempts of the extremely friendly hostess, the experience I had isn't going to woo me away from my more drool-inducing BBQ haunts.
5	Before I became a vegetarian, my family and I enjoyed the food and services there.
3	The best bbq that a chain will do. The lunch specials are awesome. The pricing is a little crazy........
2	Bbq? Really? The food is obviously mass produced in the morning and left sitting out all day. The bbq was served to me at room temperature and with no seasoning! WTF? I guess I had to go over to the condiment table and douse the meat with all sorts of sauce. I know this a chain restaurant but so is McDonald's and McDonald's produces a good hot burger and delicious fries. I don't think I'll be returning to this place.
5	This place is amazing! I've lived in NC for so long and I can't believe I just found this place. Krista was awesome explaining the menu to us and really helped us out! We tried basically everything; I had the barbeque sandwich with cole slaw and my husband had the sampler. There is just nothing bad to say about it. It was all so delicious and had great customer service. We found a new favorite eating spot :)
5	If you go to or work at UNC Charlotte you know and love this place. Great service and good specials. Owner is actively involved and greets the regulars by name. Big fan of the chicken fingers.
4	Always delicious, melt-in-your-mouth, ribs.  Great sides.  Friendly service.  I've never had a bad experience here.
3	Quick, clean and good.  Fried okra was done perfectly and the chopped chicken and pulled pork were solid contenders. A good option in the area.
5	Ribs!!!  This place is my favorite place for ribs, no question!  I was a little iffy about coming here, but now I can't stop. When I first walked in, I thought the environment's decorations were nice.  Nothing fancy, but it had a homey feeling.  There are some TV's scattered around the restaurant so that you can watch a game while you're eating.  I don't really care about that because I'm always in the zone when I eat, but others may not be dedicated like I am.  As soon as you walk through the door, the counter for you to order the food is smack right there!  Very convenient.So let's get on to the ribs.  BOMB.  Have I ever tasted anything so delish?  Well, yeah, but the ribs are pretty up there on my delicious food list.  I am never disappointed time after time again when I visit.  On Saturdays, they have a special where the half rack of ribs are $10, so I find myself there on occasionally weekends.  Their potato salad isn't too shabby either!  If you're in the University area, you definitely need to check this place out!
3	Day one of my Vegetarian diet...that I'm starting tomorrow.  It's actually part of the plan.  Really!  I'm just prepping my body for the shock of the lack of meat protein.  So when in the Cackalacks I had to seek out some of that famous BBQ.    I've never had Carolina BBQ so I had to indulge.  To get a good roundabout idea of what its all about I opted for the sampler plate, vice one of everything on the menu.  Don't want to indulge too much, after all I am on a diet!  On the scale of American BBQ's this was okay.  TX BBQ is, in my opinion, da best!  Not to say this was horrible or anything.  The meat was cooked well but still juicy.  Ribs were unique, on the sweet side ( I guess thats the way they do it in the Cackalacks)   Chicken was good.  I had some grilled fillets with their Buff-Q sauce.  Sauce was okay too.    I had the peach tea, which I thought was really good.  Not too sweet but sweet enough.  I'm already sick of sweet tea.  Not here, but just in general.    The service was good, although the server dropped my toast.  She did offer me to get another one but never came back with it.  I ate it anyway.  (she dropped it on the table!)  She was friendly and thoughtful though.  Just have to follow through.    Overall, didn't blow my socks off in the way of BBQ's in general but as far as Carolinian BBQ, I'm still on a limb about it.   This review might change as I experience more.  Must sample more.  Thank God I'm on a vegetarian diet.
4	The meat was very good.  I made this a 4 star as their sauce is average.
4	Convenient location. Pork barbecue: Tasty. St. Louis ribs. Sauce: Tangy.
3	Visited this location for the first time as I was heading to the nearby DMV and just knew I would need to be well fueled for that experience.  That said, well fueled does not necessarily mean well fed when it comes to eating at Shane's.  What I mean by that is, it's a BBQ place obviously but, it's clearly a chain version of the genre.Nothing at this Shane's or any other location is inherently bad when taken on it's own merits, you just can't start comparing your meal to real BBQ from some local place.  Example.  The pork on my sandwich was plentiful, not fatty and fairly moist.  But, if I'm looking for any bark or trying to taste any smoke flavor I will be left wanting.While I did not try them this visit, I do think Shane's does a better job on ribs than anything else so would assume that holds true at this location.  Just wish they were spareribs vs. baby backs...
1	Well, if you've only got 10 minutes and desperately want something that resembles BBQ i guess this might be the place. However, a strong argument can be made that you'd just be better off with a McRib.I got a half rack with frozen fried okra and cole slaw fresh out of the tub. The three sauces I tried were sickly sweet but you'll want sauce 'cause the meat just doesn't bring much to the table. That's about all I can say about it.Did I mention they were fast? They're really, really fast. Faster than McDonald's so you might want to consider that in your decision making.
3	I have visited this resturant many times and have never experienced any issues except my fries being a little soggy.  I can get past the fries being that it is a BBQ spot.  Their sauces are excellent and the resturant is always clean. The wings and tenders are my favorites and worth the price!  The tenders are huge and all white meat chicken, you can get them naked or with a flavor.  The only down side is price.  It can be on the pricey side for a meal and not the greatest place for those on a budget.  Overall the service is good (it's not a full service spot) you have to get your own drinks and sauces but who cares.  If your in the mood for BBQ and have a couple of dollars...then Shane's will curb your appetite.
3	Ok, I had a taste for BBQ, I got the Platter with chicken fingers, (ok) pork ribs and pulled pork, sides were Potatoe Salad, Fried Orka and Cole Slaw, it was all good, but remember to ask then to hold the salt, they will sprinkle everything with salt  after plating your ORDER- yuck. They have a variety of sauces on your table, test before you add.  Dont expect the wait staff to be all there, you place your order upfront and the order is dropped at your table, but the management was great, came to your table to check on you. They have a daily special each day, make sure you ask, cause they will not let your know.
4	Uh oh, i'm worried that one of my favorite lunch spots could be in trouble. I usually eat at the Northlake location, but lately I've been disappointed in the long lines at the register. The cashier is also responsible to process phone orders, which holds up the line of people waiting to order.  Not a problem today at the university location. In fact, I about had the place to myself at 1 pm. I walked in and had to wait for the cashier to come out of the back somewhere. After she took my order, she delivered my chicken tenders to me in just a couple of minutes. The portion size was much smaller than what i'm used to, but still tasty. Are they cutting payroll and serving sizes to save $? Not sure, but the whole time I was there, I didn't see another employee. Good thing they weren't busy.
5	Tasted AWESOME! The staff was super nice. Had good text and Facebook deals. Got a free peach cobbler for liking on facebook. Ordered the sampler-tasty. Portions were great. I'll be back. My first visit was a good one
4	Great BBQ and lunch place - Great variety on the menu of BBQ items and the prices are reasonable.   The peach cobbler for dessert is to die for.  I highly recommend this as a place to go for a great meal and quick place to eat.  Not a place to take a date on in a formal setting but great food with great service.The persons that rated this low are just plain wrong - I make a point to get here every time I come from out of town on work.Try it out, you will not be disappointed.
4	Efficient, good quality and great prices.  Casual - counter service.  Be chicken had a tasty rub and was cooked perfectly.  Need I say more?  4 stars is really good in my book.  5 stars is reserved for the
5	We did the penny date tonight and ended up in the plaza so I just started walking because I saw the little sign outside. We walked in with everyone saying hi. We looked at the menu on the wall to order. He had the sampler and I had the 2 types of meat plate ribs and BBQ pork with a side salad and mac n cheese. They peach tea is sooo good. We sat at a booth while making paper towel planes. They had four different BBQ sauces on the table also which was pretty good. The food was really good. The ribs was falling off the bone. I would go back.
5	My first time! My children kept talking about this place. They are 19 years old with huge appetites and this place fits the bill. I had the BBQ sandwich with the absolute best okra ever as a side. My son had the monster burger with BBQ atop and slaw. It was too tall to bite. I grazed off their plates. Can't wait to go again. Well worth the money.....yum yum.
5	I have sampled most of the BBQ in Charlotte, a bit in Lexington, NC and a few places around the country such as Atlanta and Nashville.  That said, I must not be an expert compared to some of the reviews I am seeing because I think Shane's has pretty much the best BBQ and ribs of any place I've tried.  I like mustard or vinegar based (tangier) sauces and Shane's has those in abundance.  They also have free kids meals on Sundays and a military discount that makes them a VERY friendly veteran spot as well.  The BBQ is fresh, smokey, and flavorful and the cole slaw is perfect if you add a dash of the sizzle sauce to it.  Ribs are tender, well-seasoned and plentiful and the Brunswick stew is a must-try - even if it is just a cup.  The peach cobbler is an excellent finish to an outstanding meal.  Catering is an option as well and the service is awesome.
