4	Their new space is SO much better than the old one.  Love the new digs.  I love the way the yarn is organized and it is easy to shop.  Okay, that's out of the way.  Let me just tell you about the most recent visit.Here's the thing: I'm all for someone trying to help me find something.  Service is very important.  But it's a fine and treacherous line.  I don't want to be ignored ALL the time (like at Arizona Knitting and Needlepoint) or not told helpful information should your store not happen to have what I need (see Knitting in Scottsdale), but your TORSO lodged in my throat is very, well, GAGGING.  My mom and I went in to find some Cascade 220, knowing they have a huge supply.  But my mom wanted a particular color because she is short a skein (what is it with patterns and after-the-publication "errata"?).  They did not have color 8885.  What ensued was the LONGEST, most OVERBEARING explanation and apology and struggle to remedy the situation I have ever experienced.  KEEP IN MIND THIS IS THE ABRIDGED VERSION!"No, we don't have that color, but we could order it, and we may have previously carried that color, but we don't now, and the colors always change, but we can usually get the color you want, so we may have had it before, if you remember when you got it, maybe we could find out when we had it, but we don't now, but we could probably get it, and when do you need it? so we can order it, it's just that the colors change and right NOW we don't have it..."  HOLY CHRIST!!!!Okay, I had to LITERALLY walk away.  But we were followed.  Now there were two of them.  With the same long-winded explanations.  And one of them had a broken leg and was wheeling herself around on this trike contraption everywhere.  (I'm sorry, yes, I'm intolerant, but SERIOUSLY, can't SHE sit at the cash register and do nothing and ring people up instead of that guy who never moves from the cash register where he does nothing and rings people up?  YOU'RE IN MY WAY!!)Then there was another long explanation about postage ($4.80 to ship one skein of yarn to us?  we laughed).  I told my mom to stop talking and change the subject because I couldn't take it anymore.  So my mom got some cute patterns, but Tempe Yarn doesn't actually carry the yarns that the patterns call for.  Hmm.  Why so prominently display the patterns then?  I have said it a thousand times, YES, stores can't carry every possible yarn and every possible pattern.  But USUALLY if there is a big display of, say, Berroco books, you have the Berroco yarns.  Not here.I did get some cool Misti Alpaca Super Chunky.  But I don't have enough.  So I called.  They don't have anymore.  INSERT LENGTHY EXPLANATION HERE.  ("What we had on the shelf is all we have, but we could order more, but the DYE-LOT....")  I don't know why I asked about the friggin' needle I needed.  Sigh.  There goes another twenty minutes of my life that I can't get back.  Decent product.  Not really any bargains.  I just can't take the overbearing service.
5	I adore this store. The staff is insanely friendly, the yarn is beautiful and well organized, and it's in an awesome location. My only complaint is that the bike rack for the strip mall is kind of lacking, but that's not TYF's fault.
5	I love Tempe Yarn & Fiber!  My very first experience with TYF was a few months ago when I decided that I needed to do something other than garter stitch scarves (basic knit stitch).  I knew that I wanted to knit a baby hat, but I didn't know which yarn would be best and I didn't know what pattern to use.  I have been knitting on and off for six years, but never ventured away from the scarves.  The staff helped me select which yarn would be best, taught me how to use double-pointed needles and provided a free pattern for my hat.  I was hooked.Fast forward to now.  TYF is part of my weekly regiment.  I've now taken a few classes: spinning fiber, knitting socks, fair isle, plying yarn,  etc.  I have learned so much from the knowledgeable staff and have met a few fiber friends in the process.  The yarn selection is diverse and they also listen to their customers.  If there is something that you think would make a good addition to their inventory, they listen.  Most of the customers are huge malabrigo fans, so there is a lot of different weights of malabrigo.  They have everything and if they don't have it, they will try to order it for you.  I have gone to other yarn stores on occasion, but I don't really frequent them because I don't feel as welcome.Oh and the strange smell that the other reviewer was referring to, I thought about this and kept asking myself "what is she talking about?"  I kept thinking and thinking and then it hit me... the owners are very welcoming and love to have people hang out and knit, crochet or spin.  They have a very liberal policy on bringing in outside food and/or drink (they do have complimentary coffee/tea).  I think the smell she was smelling could have been another customer's lunch, afterall, some of us spend all day there and need to eat.  Of course, the food/drink doesn't get anywhere near the fiber, yarn and whatever smell comes from food dissipates soon enough...A lot of customers travel from all over to visit TYF, hopefully, you'll make it a point to drop by to.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I really liked this store! True, it's small. I think it might be kind of out of the way, but I don't know the area well enough to really say. I agree with another reviewer that the staff is, shall we say, effusive? I actually really appreciated it, but I can see how reasonable minds could differ and someone else might find it overbearing. I took my step-mother with me, who had gotten frustrated with knitting and given up some time ago. Her daughter's unfinished afgan laungishes in the closet. The staff talked to her about her frustration and gave her some ideas and told her that if she was really stuck she should just bring her project into the store and they would work it out with her. That really made a difference for her and she has been knitting up a storm ever since. That has been really nice for me to see and now she and I have something we do together! The store is small, but I thought they had a nice selection. They had a small, well-stocked variety of high-quality brands. Even better, they carried a section of yarns made by local artists. There were yarns that people from Phoenix had spun, as well as a selection from artists from other parts of Arizona and the southwest. The point is that they stocked yarns that I can't get in other reigons  which are unique, and that support local artists. I value that. Not only does it appeal to me in terms of its commitment to community and craft, but it also lets me create something truly unique that has a story. I love that! Plus, presents to take to people at home! Everybody wins.
4	Recently changed locations in the same shopping center to a much larger pad. Much better than the smaller pad. They have lots of nice yarns and generally have a good selection of Malabrigo, which is a fav of mine. They also have a nice selection of fiber for spinning, although it seems they recently switched to minimum prebundled packages of fiber, which I don't like. They also have Jacquard dyes, spinning wheels (Ashford, Louet and Kromski ) and looms.
5	You know how sometimes people ask you if you have any hidden talents or if you have skills? Usually I would say none because I never had any. However, two months ago I took a learn to knit class at Tempe Yarn & Fiber and now I tell everyone that I can knit! I get excited when I talk about knitting and its something that I have always wanted to learn how to do.Thanks to Groupon, I took a three hour learn to knit class where you are taught to cast on, knit, pearl, and bind off. They keep the classes small, around ten people, so that they can spend some time with everyone and make sure they can leave the class with the skills in hand to start some projects on your own. In the beginning it was a little hard getting used to the motions but I left there almost a knitting and pearling pro. Its been two months since I learned and I have a few projects going and I am getting a lot better at knitting. I actually have fun knitting! There are other classes available as well, and I might check them out in the future. The yarns and needles in the store seem to be on par price and quality wise as a couple other yarn places I have checked out. They have a large selection of wool, acrylic, cotton, and other various types of yarn in this store, along with a large selection of needles in various sizes. When I came in I purchased a skein of acrylic yarn and some bamboo knitting needles. They have a frequent buyer card where every time you spend over $20 you get a stamp, and when you fill in the card you get 15% off your next total purchase. The customer service is also excellent. All of the workers are willing to help out with questions about a project you are working on or the various supplies in the store. There is also a table in the front of the store where people can hang out and knit and talk all day long if you wish. It was full when I came in for my class so people obviously come and hang out here. I will be returning here often!
5	The staff could not be more friendly and helpful without making you feel pressured.  I took my niece here for a needle felting class and she had a ball!  They were so encouraging of her talents and were so patient in explaining everything.  The first thing my niece said as we were leaving the store was "When I come visit you next time, I want to come back here again!"  She couldn't wait to show Grandma & Grandpa her partially completed teddy bear and as soon as we got home she sat down to continue working on him.  Definitely a fabulous day and a huge thank you to TY&F for encouraging my niece in the fiber arts!
4	What a wonderful store.  The staff knows it's products and helps with questions on patterns, etc.  It's bright and cheery. They have no problem pulling out the color cards and putting in a custom order.  I only wish they had more stock!
5	I purchased a GroupOn as a gift for my wife who has always wanted to learn to knit.  . My wife loved the store and the environment that seems to foster learning and group project help.    She attended the basic knitting class.  The class was a well sized group of 8 students and the instructor gave very personalized instruction and training to every student..  She was organized, patient and cognizant of the fact that this was a basic knitting class where for many if not all students this was their first experience at knitting.This is truly a great example of a wonderful small business that puts the customer first.
4	I was in Phoenix from out of state. I found this shop on Yelp.....it's a gem. Although they don't have an big extensive inventory, I still managed to find great yarns for 2 projects. The staff was extremely friendly, and there were lots of locals just hanging out around tables knitting. If I were local that's exactly what I would be doing! I would go back if I had the opportunity.
4	Another yarn store that I get sucked into and can't seem to get out of without supervision. The downside is that the yarn, while great quality is VERY expensive. If you are looking for the highest quality this is you place. They carry all of the blends that are easy to work with, in every type of fiber. The staff is helpful. They have a lot of classes but most are geared toward knitting. Most places dothough, it's trendier thatn crocheting right now.They are pretty comfortable letting me wander around for 2 hours and will ask if they can help me a few times, but don't overdo it.The only reason I gave it 4 stars is the lack of inexpensive yarn. It's all pricey, none cheap or in between.
5	AAAAH!  I thought that, after moving from Reno (miss you, Jimmy Bean's!) and into this repulsively hot clime I might slow down on my knitting projects.  And I did, for awhile.  But I came home from Jerome this weekend with some really, really gorgeous boutique yarn that wasn't wound.  Wanting- nay, needing- to begin my next project immediately, I looked up knitting shops in Tempe and found myself in Tempe Yarn and Fiber.First, I was greeted effusively by Jen and a small group of women sitting in a table working on various projects.  No one tried to sell me anything, or tell me I had to pay a winding fee (this has actually happened at other knit shops!).  Jen wound my ridiculous 1260 yards of lace-weight while I browsed, and directed me to TY&F's extensive list of *free* groups and modestly-priced classes on everything from knitting and crocheting to felting, dying and spinning after I requested more information about knitting circles in Tempe.  I walked away with three more skeins of acrylic-blend for under $30 and a burning desire to go back as soon as possible.  I'm on a budget and I know specialty shops can get pricey fast, but I didn't find TY&F's prices to be outrageous or out of line with other knit shops/online stores.  If you want stupid-cheap, go to Walmart.  If you want quality, selection and help when you need it, go here.  I am beyond excited to have found this little gem- bonus for being a small, locally-owned business!- and will be back as soon as I have a free hour or two.
5	I wish I could give 100 stars! I think this is the best customer service experience I have ever had. I just moved to Tempe three weeks ago from the Bay Area. As soon as I walked in I was greeted and asked if I needed help. I was given a tour of the store. They had several locally dyed yarns and a few that are grown in the Phoenix area!One of the women who worked there took my toddler and showed him buttons, read him a book and kept him entertained while I was shopping. That was completely amazing. Everyone was so friendly, including the other customers and I felt so welcome. This will definitely be my go-to yarn shop.Oh, and they have a great selection!
5	Staff was great as was the selection. I am new to felting and this was an amazing store with no comparison. The staff went over some books and opened products to test. Highly recommended.
2	I have been to a few yarn stores as I'm relatively new to the crochet world. But I was rather disappointed with this store. I had a funny smell, it was spare and not inspiring. I will not be returning and hope to find better stores in town to satisfy my yarn craving.
5	This is my favorite yarn shop! You are acknowledged as soon as you walk in the door.  You can browse or get help immediately.  I was so sad when the yarn shop on Scottsdale Road was no longer around ,but this store is a dream come true.  I just need to keep knitting so that can come back and buy more.
4	I love this store.  They have really high quality materials and classes to help you learn.  Locally owned and very friendly.  The only draw back is you pay a little more.  Overall I am happy to spend my money there.
5	Oh my goodness, I love love LOVE this place!  They have officially earned my business for life!  I live all the way out in the West Valley.  Many of you who are familiar with this part of town, know that we are sorely lacking in a lovely knit shop all our own. I was working on my first ever lace project and discovered it was not looking right.  So, the hubby, the baby and I took a trek to another yarn shop closer to us.  When I asked for help at this other store, the lady gave me a hard look, told me she did not have time to help me because she was preparing to teach a class and then asked if I bought the yarn I was working with in her shop!  She further explained that the help would be free if the yarn was purchased from her, and it was $8 otherwise!  Well we drove ALL THE WAY to her just for the help, so I was actually willing to plink down my 8 bucks just to figure out what I was doing wrong!  She maintained she could not help and to come back Thursday.  I left fuming, frustrated and angry.  I have bought yarn from her in the past, but this was NOT the first time she was so rude.  She lost my business that day!Well, I have been to Tempe Yarn and Fiber in the past while working on a project for my husband (they were the closest yarn shop that had a merino wool/silk blend - the OTHER lady didn't carry wool in the Summer!), and thought I'd give them a call.  The sweetest lady answered the phone and told me that we were a mere hour away from their "drop in help" session with one of their instructors... FREE OF CHARGE to boot!I popped in, sat at a table filled with the sweetest kindred spirit knitters, who allowed me to jump the queue because me husband and baby were in the car waiting for me (she decided to take a nap just before we got into Tempe).  The instructor was thorough and helpful.  The staff was warm and inviting.  Even though my stash was pretty full, I just bought more yarn to show my support of their business.  They have a loyal customer in me from here on out!
5	Huge expanse of yarn amazingness. :) The staff are helpful, knowledgeable and nice. It makes me wish I lived in the Valley again so I could be a frequent customer. :)
5	This place is a dream come true. Everything and them some. Had A good time just looking around.
4	I love this yarn shop. The staff is always friendly and the selection is quite wonderful. I wish their website/blog was a little bit better designed and that they had classes at better times. It's always worth the drive from West Phoenix when I need my Fiber Fix!
5	I'm completely new to knitting and wanted to stop in to buy perhaps a skein of yarn.  Wow.  From walking in the door, the employees were extremely helpful and knowledgeable without being overbearing.  I asked about a million questions, and they were extremely patient with my complete lack of knowledge.  The selection was extraordinary and it made me wonder why I ever bothered with a Michael's.  They offer classes, open workshops, and other events. I walked out with quite a lot of materials and tons of new knowledge.  I am definitely returning here, and will gladly pay a little more for a more personal and enjoyable experience.
5	They're always super helpful and they classes available. Also have resources and drinks and snacks there too.
