4	A signature feature of this new diner is its homemade bread. I'm used to a French Dip sandwich served with thick, crusty bread, but Tony D's bread is soft, very soft. As a kid, I would have wadded it into a ball to return it to dough. I like dough more than bread. Anyhow, the bread is different and good. I enjoyed my French Dip ($6.99). All sandwiches are served with choice of fries (which have a light batter), chips, or mac salad.In addition to homemade bread, their baker bakes donuts and cakes (which can be bought whole or for $2.99/slice).  Tony D's also serves breakfast: pancakes ($5.50), omelets ($6), steak and eggs ($7.99), spud donuts ($.99/ea).And dinner: kids menu ($3.99-4.99), salads (chef, garden caesar, wedge), fried finger foods, burgers, hot dogs.I'm curious to see how the specialty entree, Macaroni & Cheese, compares to others around the Valley.Situated between Pei Wei and Chipotle on Sunset Road, Tony D's diversifies the strip mall. It's a nice change for those of you addicted to Capriottis sandwiches. Groups of 4-5 will have no problem finding a table. As for the atmosphere, a large television hangs from the wall in one corner of the space and the walls are painted yellow and remain uncluttered. It's a pretty simple place.
2	The first review makes me wonder if the person was paid for it... because my experience was quite different. I really don't care much where my lunch money will be spent as long as I get a good meal so instead of rather regular Chipotle located next door I gave a try to Tony D's. I decided to try aforementioned French Dip sandwich which turned out to be thick, crusty and soft bread (true) with a few thick slices of tough and chewy roast beef. Come on Tony D... you can make it happen for $6.99. Just get a decent quality meat and slice it thin! But until then I'm definitely not interested in coming back there.
4	Tony D's has a few challenges to overcome, but with a little luck and some loyal customers they should do well. Every time we've walked by in the past, to go to Chipotle or Pei Wei, we were curious, but untempted by the fact there was hardly ever any customers in the place. This evening we decided to give Tony D's a try. We were happy we did!Don't know how long the buy-one-hotdog-get-one-free deal, so get over there soon! We had a Chicago dog, regular hotdog, chili-cheeseburger, cheesecake and some fried chicken fingers. Everything tasted very good.The food was delicious and very reasonably priced. We will be back.
5	Jersey dog was delicious, and the bogo hot dog special can't be beat!! Chili cheese fries were a generous portion, just as the menu promised.  Will be back soon to try one of the MANY sandwiches on the menu. Maybe even for breakfast...???
3	The BTL Sandwich is okay. The bread is from Home. If you like how your mother make sandwich then okay. I think the bread fatter...
1	This used to be one of my fave Philly steak restaurants but its gone now. Stopped by this place for lunch, expecting a quick burger and fries. I ordered a half burger and fries. I wish the cashier had reminded that cheese and bacon were extra or offered them. Price was over $10 with no cheese or bacon, disappointing. The burger seemed freshly grilled, but the onion slices were way too large. The fries were terribly undercooked even for someone who likes soggy fries. I will not be returning back to Phony D's
3	took advantage of the coupons and got the chicken fingers. fast service and friendly. the chicken fingers were good,just be careful ordering hot! I still have much to try here so the jury is still out,but so far so good!
3	My burger and fries were tasty and the buy on get one free deal was very welcomed. The kids ate chicken fingers, which were moist with a crunchy batter. I want this little restaurant to make it, but it was pretty empty while my family and I dined there. A little music and a boost of a/c would improve things.
3	Ah, what a wonderful day to be alone. =\I had the hot dog, fries and drink.  It was fine.  I could have had a bigger, better hot dog at Costco for $1.50, but whatever, that's not the point.  The point was to support a local business.  The real reason for my middle-of-the-road rating is for the desserts.  I came here based on the photos provided for the chocolate and yellow cakes.  Ever since I saw them, I've been literally salivating.  But apparently that's not the case anymore.  They don't serve cakes by the slice, they now have their own individual mini cakes in the fridge.  I really wanted a white, but all they had was chocolate.  I tried it.  It didn't taste soft and fresh (granted, it was chilled, but still, I know how fresh cake tastes).  So a warning to anyone coming here specifically for the cakes (like me): It's just not worth it.The battered french fries were good, probably the highlight of my visit.  But the portion was WAY too small to justify the price.  Too bad.Also, I now realize I could have had TWO hot dogs for the price of one.  But I guess since I was by myself, they didn't think to mention that to me.  One meager hot dog was not enough to satisfy this man's hunger.  Kind of pissed off about that now, actually.
5	I came here for a late breakfast and ordered their $5 breakfast platter.2 Pancakes, 2 eggs, and 2 sausage/bacon/ham (I went with the sausage).I ordered and got my food a few minutes later.It was actually rather delicious.  The sausage patties at a lot of flavor, the eggs were cooked perfectly (I asked for medium) and the pancakes were delicious (and quite large/thick actually).I believe they do breakfast all day (someone please let me know if I'm wrong on this one).Still, it was a delicious breakfast for a good price and the cook was quite pleasant as well.I'll be coming back to check out some of the lunch items.
4	Had lunch here today. Food was very good. I had the French dip and fries, my husband had the Philly steak and mac salad. He really enjoyed his sandwitch. I love the french fries. Price was good, service very good. Will be going back there,soon.  Janie  Henderson.Nv
1	No.  Just... no. Soggy, gross sandwich.  Half the menu is misspelled.  Overpriced for what you get.  And I LOVE Chipotle, which is next door... so why would I ever go to Tony D's?
