5	Had some parts i needed painted & installed on my 911 & had a tough time finding a reliable place in or around Phoenix that i'd trust to do the kind of clean job i wanted, i was recommended to check Elite out & couldn't be any happier.These guys know what they are doing, if you need a body kit, or paint etc these are the guys to go see, specially if you drive a lambo, ferrari, Porsche, etc..Chris, Johnny & Chip did a great job on my car..
5	Great shop and polite people! I went there with my corvette and a horrible insurance company. They had great patience with me and my ever so procrastinating insurance, when they finally got the go to fix my car it was done in record timing.They repaired all the work perfectly and even a few extra things not included, which is a rarity these days. I highly recommend Elite auto
5	Unfortunately I haven't had good luck with my car in the last 2 years... fortunately there is Elite to fix it for me... Chris and his staff go the extra mile to make sure they give you the highest quality work and easiest experience even when dealing with insurance companies.. they treat you as a good  friend not just another customer. Both times I was rear ended Elite made sure to get everything little detail about the car fixed back to what looked like it was never damaged, I didn't have to lift a finger, they handled it all for me which was a stress reliever. When it comes to out of pocket repairs Elite is great with working with you on your repairs, making sure you receive their great service with a fair price. Elite really takes pride in all their work and they show it , between their drift cars with custom paint jobs to customers cars that they have put alot of time and money into that mean a lot to them. When you are a car enthusiast like myself quality and great service means alot and Elite always delivers! I will never go else where for body or paint work. I cant wait to see how the deep key marks that are on my doors are gonna come out after Elite works their magic for me once again! I will continue to send my friends and family to elite for all the services they offer.Check em out! you wont be disappointed!
5	These guys are so helpful. I came in and asked about spraying out and fixing some chips in my car, as I'm going to be selling my car soon. They gave me a lot of information on the process, cost and alternatives that would save me money.I have to say, this is the friendliest and most professional body shop I've ever seen. I hope I never have to see them again, but if I do, I won't hesitate to bring my car back and have them work on it.
5	This shop owner and master technician both care about cars and their clients.  I am VERY picky about my M3 convertible and dont let many people touch it.  They installed a custom euro style lip for me and repainted my bumper.  My car is a rare color and is a bit older now 03 M3 convertible.  This made matching the color take a few days longer than I wanted but they also knew I wanted this to be done perfect and this car is my baby.   They put the extra time into matching the color since the 5 pre sprays were not to their liking.  They also smoked my blinkers and did some extra fabrication to the lip.  They did charge me extra for this but after seeing it I am sure they put hours into this job and I feel it is worth it.  They are both nice guys and will explain things and not try to rip you off.   I have a E36 M3 that also has full body kit that needs work that I will also take there when I get the money saved up.
5	Elite Automotive Finishes has earned their name time after time as one of the best shops out there! The shop is professionally run and managed by its owner, Chris. Everyone works diligently to do the best work. It's always a satisfying result.
5	I have been working with Chris since 2005 and I have never been let down by his work. From painting replacement bolt on body parts, to full service accident restoration he continues to be the only shop I trust with all of my vehicles. On top of that he is my first referral whenever a friend or family member needs to have a vehicle restored or repaired. I cannot recommend Elite enough.
5	From the day my car needed repairs Chris and all the other guys impressed me and earned all my future business. There was tons of communication, savings in cost, and all around the work is impeccable. Thanks Elite!!!
5	Took my C63 AMG to get some cosmetic work done and Chris was happy to do the work and told me to drop off the car in the morning and he'd call me in the morning. Chris is a man of his word and continually sent pictures of the progress throughout the day and finally let me know it was ready to pick up. The best part was Chris had quoted me a price, and when it came time to pay it was actually CHEAPER than what he originally said. Great shop and great owner!
5	I don't even know where to begin with how happy I am with the work I have had done here. Chris and the crew went above and beyond my expectations when I had my Impreza in for a color change. The car has over 205,000mi and counting on it, but it looks like it just rolled off the Showroom floor just yesterday! Their quality is unreal. I felt as if they treated my car like their own while it was in their hands. Would HIGHLY recommend for any paint work. They will always have my business.
5	These guys did a great job painting the hood of my car. They were able to match the paint perfectly which eliminated the need for blending. Other painters wanted to charge me hundreds extra for blending, but I saved that money by going to Elite.
