4	Like this park very much....except its usually pretty quite. I personally like it when there are lots of dogs for my dogs to interact with. Clean. Walking trails. Benches. Drinking fountains. Places to cookout. Skate park. Separate areas for large/small dogs.
3	This park is right behind my Church and we use it for all of our activities outdoors. We've practiced for our basketball tournament, we held picnics here, walk our dogs here, and played flag football here. It's a really nice setting, but we've had a run-in with some basketball players that weren't your neighborhood friendlies.They have a skate park, basketball area, large field for football or volleyball, tennis courts, park benches, and gazebos for big parties, and 3 dog park areas! It's not the best park, but it's a really nice park! I hope they hold some local events here sooner or later! :)
5	Our dog LOVES this park. It is quiet at times, but the people are so nice. The scenery is beautiful.
4	Our dog just loves this place! Since we don't have much of a yard we take her to the park a few times a week to get extra energy out. It's kept up really well and offers a water fountains for the dogs and even clean up bags. There's three different sections ranging from small to large dogs.The only down side is that there isn't much shade or seating. But since my dog likes to be chased around it doesn't matter much!
4	nice place to take the dogs and really nice park.
3	The park looked nice, it was very quiet, I didn't explore it much though. We went for the dog park.  The size was decent and it was clean. There were a few dogs that went into the other section but only stayed for a few minutes, they were the only dogs we encountered while there. There was actually some shade but no where for humans to sit inside the dog runs. Water fountain wasn't inside the run but it was inside the gated entrance area, so that helps some. I would go back if I was in the area.
4	What a great hidden park!  I have lived around the corner for years and just found this place, on accident, this past week.  I'm sad I have been missing out on this beautiful little hideaway in Vegas! Yay for Police Memorial Park!The park itself is a lot bigger than it looks from the first glance.  It is a long, narrow park filled with all sorts of fun stuff!  There are 2 playgrounds, one for little ones and the other for bigger kids.  There are also tennis courts in the center that are very well kept.  At the far end of the park is a big skate park for the skaters out there.  And I almost forgot, there is also a blocked off area to let your dogs run off leash and enjoy nature too!On top of the active activities, there is a nice walking path that winds it way through the park. It is a lovely path and is also very quiet, so you can totally "zen" out, if you wanted too. It is so quaint up here, you can really just walk the path and mediate at the same time.This park also has a ton of nice grassy areas.  Some areas are flat but there are a ton of rolling hills.  My kiddo loved just running around and chasing birds over the hills.  It's nice to have park areas to kick a ball around, as well as run up and down some hills too.  There is also a big desert landscaped area as well.  No matter where you are, it is lovely to look at.Another big bonus to this park is the massive amounts of benches scattered around.  Each bench is situated with a beautiful view laid out directly in front of it.  Since this part of town is much higher in elevation, you get a great view of the rest of the valley.  This would be a great spot to watch the fireworks on the Strip too!  This is a great park to come out and walk and then sit an enjoy simply being outside on a nice day.There are also 2 memorials to fallen police officers.  There is a huge statue in the middle of the park that is beautiful and really touches your heart.  There is also a smaller memorial that is a big boulder that has stars on it to commemorate police officers.  Police officers put their life on the line to protect us, so I am glad there is a wonderful park in their honor in town.
4	This is a beautiful park! There's plenty of space to play and picnic, plenty of picnic tables, a nice gym area for the kids, dog runs, and a walking or jogging path. The parking lot leaves a little to be desired if there's more than two dozen cars there....
4	I bring my 6 month old husky here almost every day.  She's got so much energy that even her daily runs don't kill the energy. They have 3 separated spots. First is for smaller dogs, under 25lbs. Middle is for small to medium and the last is for the larger dogs.  Obviously the last section for the bigger dogs is a way larger space than the gated area for smaller dogs. Sometimes you'll get people who go in the wrong section but no problem with that since most dogs are friendly.  My pup has no cares to chase the balls or toys or people. She just wants to chase the other dogs.We've encountered lots of dogs here from pit bulls to blue heelers. Never had a problem with owners or dogs until recently. Dog parks should be for dogs who are trained and friendly with other dogs. DO NOT BRING YOUR DOGS YOU CANT CONTROL & ARE AGGRESSIVE. That doesn't make it comfortable for anyone. There was one man with two dogs who were not friendly and he had a hard time controlling them. Definitely shouldn't be at a dog park.Other than that one time, I love this dog park. It's VERY dark at night and lights shut off at 11.
2	We went here once...at night (6:30)...no lights...mostly dirt...small. I guess the lights were broken and there was an old truck circling the parking lot the entire time we were there. It was...Strange. I guess that,  combined with the darkness and the fact we were the only ones there, made it an unpleasant experience. Let's just say if you were watching a horror movie, you'd be yelling "get outta there...the killer is coming". Lol!! We don't live near here but we do like to explore other dog parks around town. Good thing this isn't our neighborhood dog park. Maybe we just caught it on a bad night.
5	We take our dog Dakota there every weekend and sometimes during the week. The best time to go is early morning when other dogs are there to play! You will see the same people and dogs routinely which is also a plus. Very clean too! Highly recommend for those who live close by!
