4	It opens at 10 am, I got there at 10:10 am and was gone by 11 am. The place was PACKED just 10 minutes after opening. It felt kinda like the DMV only with carpeting and a big TV to watch. At first I felt real impatient and thought I should leave as they only had one person working and the first customer was taking forever. I was number 64 and we were at number 50. If only I had brought my knitting. If only I had knitting stuff. Ahhh...the TV, Jags vs. Dolphins....could care less, but athletic men in tight uniforms is a sweet deterrent from perusing the stoic and impatient faces that filled the room. Soon another employee arrived and another and so on. Like that shampoo commerical from the 80s. "Number 64"....oooo that was moi. My bill paying was handled by Odin quickly, politely and professionally as was my purchase of my HD/DVR box. . All said and done I'd rather be at Cox than the DMV any ole day!
2	Cox, you've got a long way to go.  I had Comcast back east and I used to gripe about them.  They are lookin' pretty good right about now and I would switch to them in a heartbeat if they were available.Your cable:  *the guide scroll is poorly formatted and can be difficult to read  *I had On Demand with Comcast over 2 years ago.  Hello?  Is this thing on?  Hello, how long has Cox been asleep at the controls?  Hello?  Cox, are you in there?  *I had better service, more channel selection and On Demand for less than I am paying now  *When the digital tiles and we do reach someone we have been told more than once-"No, it's not tiling."  and "Just unplug it and try again.  Anything else?"Your cable Internet:  *again, you fall far short of Comcast.  *your Cox.net homepage pretty much sucks  *Cox.net homepage is not very user friendly  *downloads and videos were faster and smoother with Comcast  *Comcast let you customize your homepage  *Cox.net e-mail program bitesYour service & tech support:  *service center personnel are poorly trained.  I had to make four trips to the service center.  Four trips at my expense because you gave me the wrong equipment once, twice, three times a F%@$-UP.    *Phone tech support has been entirely hit or miss.  Odds are about 50/50 you'll get someone that has any idea what they are talking about.  *Tech support has banker's hours-or almost.  Comcast had 24/7-really.  Not the "24/7" tech support you advertise but no-one is available when you call.  *Your billing department is rude.  Period.Your phone service:  *again, you do not measure upIn short-you have a monopoly right now and that's the only reason there is not an exodus of customers to other providers.
2	My most recent joyous interactions with Dicks er, Cox.1.  I got a wireless router through Cox when they hooked up my service.  Just hooked it up, needed tech support, Cox phone tech forwards my call on to  the manufacturer Netgear after assuring me that the tech support is through Netgear and they have an agreement where all the wireless support goes to Netgear.  I get Netgear tech on the line only to hear him mumbling about stinking Cox and why do they keep telling people that.  Then he informs me that based on the serial number on the router, Cox activated it already and the service period is already expired but he will assist with set-up issues this one time.  It's already expired!  I just hooked the freaking thing up!2.  My e-mail randomly cannot be loaded and cable box has to be unplugged and reset roughly every 10 days.Quest, when are you coming to my area?
4	I had to go to the store 3 times, since the "professional installation" by a subcontractor, used old cable box and remote.  First I thought it was just a cable box, place was packed waited about 20min, the lady at store was very friendly and efficient, excellent.  Went back 2 more times..., people working are professional and efficient, at times too many customers however.
4	We all love to have Cable right!             But, it is a very expensive treat.  The thing i really love is the internet.    I have internet with them and it is very fast so i have no complaints. I recently (6 months ago ) got a box that allows me more channels. I did not really want this, however in a moment of weakness i was talked into it over the phone while i was trying to down grade me service. Anyway they sent me the box along with a remote.  It just looked far too complicated for my busy life so i just put it aside and never touched it again for 6moths. I am being serious.                               So one day i decided i really should hook it up since i am paying for it.           I tried and again complication set in.       Then i read the directions and  called the  number provided for help. They are very helpful over the phone. They said they were open 24 hours a day for tech support.   The thing i don't like is that it is an outsourced company that comes to do the work.  At least it is not India and they live and work here. But, i just do not understand why everyone has to outsource.      The company i work for also outsources so what can you do.??? The 4 stars are for that reason. Other than that the customer service is very good. I have had a few things in the past that i have not liked about their service but, they seemed to have mended all of that now days.  Cable is basically a monopoly so thinking of that. They really do a job job with the service.
1	I'm moving out of state and their service area and they are charging me a fee of 150 dollars for breaking a contract. I'm sorry but a contract for cable, oh please! It is nothing more than a way to rip off the customer. Shame on you Cox
