4	We had a lovely two-and-a-half hour dinner here. The salad-dinner-dessert combo is only $15, and the salads were excellent. The main course choices are a bit limited, I guess, but I liked the skate a lot. The desserts were apple pie and coconut cake, don't know if those are traditional Peruvian desserts but I'm not complaining.The owner is very friendly and happy to tell the story behind the restaurant's name. But don't get him started talking about Alberto Fujimori.
5	New neighbors of indeterminate origin recently moved in next door, and such luxuriously mouthwatering, deeply rich cooking smells issue forth from under their door every eve that I dream of befriending them so that at some point they will invite me over for a homecooked meal, slapping me on the back with gaiety and smiling benevolently as I exclaim with a shimmer of tears in my eyes, that I've never had anything as delicious as what they've cooked in the comfort of their home, just for me.Well, that will probably never happen because in my apartment complex no one ever acknowledges the existence of another unless there is a Problem.  However, this past Friday I got a scrumptious taste of what that reverie would feel like if made tangible at the Peruvian restaurant Pucapuca.  The square, austere dining salon at that time was relatively empty but immediately the owner (also waiter, maitre d' and cook...in fact I'm pretty sure he was the only one in the whole establishment) filled the place up with his warmth and kindly smiling eyes, immediately making us feel like his favored grandchirren.  When he described the prix-fixe menu though, we just about fell out of our seats: 15 CAD for a starter, entree, hot drink and dessert?? On a Friday night in Mile End in Montreal?? We quickly composed ourselves and took to scrutinizing the menu- for entrees, among us four we got dishes of quail, smothered pork chops, spicy beef stew, and stewed chicken in peanut sauce.  The salads and soups we ordered as starters were satisfying, homey and flavorful.  But the entrees.....! Tabarnak! Each plate came heaving with a non-fussy array of food, a scoop of stewed root veggies, a hill of aromatic rice, a mess of peas, and then the meat front and center.  Our table devolved into a chaotic tangle of forks and knives as we dived into our own and each others' dishes...every one was sublime.  The pork chop, smothered in a tomato and beer sauce, was especially wonderful; the best pork dish I've ever tasted in a restaurant.  Even though we were at breaking point after the dinner, we all wedged in a small slice of cake for dessert.All this, handled with genuine familial feeling from the delightful owner/chef/waiter... it was quite the dining experience.  I'm sad that my return trips back there will be broken up by months of time. If you live in or visit Montreal, you MUST go here!
4	I go here for lunch all the time.  The menu is small but its cheap and tons of food. For  lunch:  Meat (or fish) + rice + vegi+ soup+ desert + coffe for $8.  Can't beat that.  I love the owner as well.  He's totally awesome.
5	Man this place reminds me Ie le de cuca (brazilian place that burned down few years ago).. Kinda like u r down in Cuba or Mexico.. Awesome owner + awesome good + super cheap... Go u will love it
