4	Though it's in a small, unassuming strip center next to a grocery store, and there isn't much atmosphere (you can't count the Wizard of Oz-themed knick-knacks on the walls since it's not relevant to the food), this is the best pizza in the Charlotte area.Everything I have ever eaten here has been phenomenal.  Typically we'll get an order of garlic knots, which are huge and piled high with garlic (if you ask for extra garlic, you'll get even more), and served with a hefty bowl of marinara (you can get this refilled if you ask nicely).  Then we'll usually get a slice each.When I say a slice each, realize I'm talking about a real slice.  The slice starts with a gigantic 28-inch pie, and you can add whatever toppings you like (they will, of course, charge you for those).  If you've never had a slice this large, start with one.  They almost always have a fresh pie ready, so you can go back and get more if you decide you haven't had enough.They also often offer Sicilian slices, and I've also had both calzones and strombolis, which are excellent.  They have sandwiches and pasta too, but I have never made it past the pizza sitting on the bar.  They have a menu online if you want to look for yourself to see what other options they have.  They will deliver, but the delivery area is somewhat limited.If you're nearby, it's worth checking them out.
4	It's been a while since I've been to Big Guy's - and over two years since my original review - so I figured it was time for an update (which means another visit, and a slice of their most excellent pizza pie!).I'll have to start with the atmosphere, because there isn't much.  I hate to say it, because I really love Big Guy's, but it's in a strip mall, and the grocery store closed, so it doesn't even have that going for it.  There was one place near Eastland called Chelsea's (which is now closed) that was in a strip mall and you'd never have known it.  Otherwise, if it's in a strip mall, you generally know it.The kitsch around the place is still there.  If anything, there's more of it, even if there isn't as much as a Chili's or Cracker Barrel.  And there isn't quite as much that's focused on the Wizard of Oz.  But there is a guy who performs live once a month (or so) now.  But the atmosphere is still a bit sparse.  This is made up for by the fact that the staff is more friendly than just about anyone you'll ever meet, but it's still sparse.On to the food - it definitely hasn't changed for the worse.  If anything, it's better.  While our kids have decided that they like some pizza other than cheese and pepperoni, and they love the size of the pizza from Big Guy's, they prefer CiCi's and Pizza Hut right now, so we don't get to go as often as I'd like.  That means that I was able to dig into a large slice and some garlic knots.The knots were light, and the marinara sauce was great - but there didn't seem to be as much garlic as I remembered.  Meanwhile, the pizza was excellent.  Unlike some pies that will suffer from sitting out waiting to be reheated, the slices at Big Guy's don't, and come out of the oven crisped to perfection.Unfortunately, I still can't seem to make it past the pizza, so I can't say if the other items on the menu are any good - but I have no doubt that they will be, if I ever make it to them.
5	I love love this pizza!  I guess I'm partial though since it is just like the pizza I grew up eating in little towns in Maine, New Hampshire, usually owned by New Yorker transplants.  The crust is crusty, the sauce is delicious, and the pizza tastes awesome!  The restaurant is family owned and run and you can tell they put a lot of love into it! This is my favorite pizza in the Charlotte area hands down!
4	Okay...We could be onto something here!  1st time and went with the old faithful Pepperoni it was good but then as daddy's do...I ate the plain cheese pizza that my kids did not finish and I had to stop, go back and eat another of their pieces (they just love when I eat all the pizza ;)The cheese has a chance with me. The sauce is simple but pure and does not have a lot of spice to it. They serve the NY style big slices (which I'm not a raving fan of in general) but this one was pretty good...yes I used a knife and fork to hack off the bottom part but either way. It was good ZA and I'll be back.I'm not sure where this falls on my Pizza list for CLT yet but I will update.
4	Got the party-size pizza. It was enormous! Very tasty! Definitely will be back.
3	Very good pizza, pretty basic, no bells and whistles or modern/gourmet pizza, just good, classic pizza pie. The rest of the menu is a bit limited, but if you're just looking for pizza, this place is a good bet.  The greek salad is also pretty good, heavy on the feta and black olives, which I love, and onions, which I don't, but are chunky enough to be picked off. If you are having a party for kids, you can go for the huge take out rectangle pizza, but I wouldn't order that for adults (as most pieces are inside slices, without crust)The restaurant itself isn't much in the way of atmosphere, so we've done take out, or in years past delivery.  If you want take out pizza in Mint Hill, this is a great alternative to Hawthorne's. And it's nice to support a local, small business.
5	Really great NY Style Pizza!  I'm an NYC resident, and this pizza is just as good or better than the best NY Pizza. Super friendly service!  Their large pie is 28"!
4	Rounded up to four yelp stars!  This place would be hard for me to give three stars and the ONLY reason I will not eat here again is because I like some (not many) Pizzas better!  They beat all the Chains unless "Fuel" is a chain!The Marinara Sauce is FANTASTIC! !! !!!  An  easy 5 YELP STARS!The Garlic knots were A-OK not very Garlicky 3.25 yelp starsThe Pizza was good - I had an 18" Cheese - The cheese is Mozzarella (YAY no blend!  I do not like most blends).  Almost 4 stars!Everyone working here is very friendly and seemed to be Happy to be working on a Saturday night!
5	This place is absolutely amazing. Great ny  style pizza. Great owners and staff always friendly I live in rock hill now and still drive down here for good pizza.
1	I don't know what you people are thinking but as a NY resident this is NOT NY style pizza by any stretch of the imagination. First of all don't go in there looking for a grandma or Sicilian slice because they will look at you like your crazy, they literally said they don't know what that is! Also I went in  at 700 pm one night to give them a second chance and I asked for 4 slices to go, they told me they only had 2 and they weren't making anymore! I was shocked! What kind of pizza place that doesn't close until 9 doesn't make another pie? The taste is bad, the service is bad, and it is not NY style.
4	I've been to this locally owned business in Mint Hill a few times for lunch. The pizza is really good. NY style pizza with some of the largest slices I've ever seen. The lunch deal they have is crazy. Two slices of pizza and a drink for $6. The slices are so big it might as well be advertised as "half a large pizza for $6 and oh here's a drink too and there's the cot for your afternoon nap" deal. You'll be stuffed! I've tried the cheese steak too. I liked it but not nearly as much as their pizza. I'll be back for lunch and I'm bringing a friend next time!
5	The two slice and a beverage combo is a great deal.  The pizza slices are huge and delicious.  I make this a must stop for lunch.
5	This is hands down the best pizza ever! The family that owns this place makes everything fresh daily from dough to sauces and so on.The staff here is very friendly and always very fast at filling orders dinning in or carry out. The quality of pasta and pizza here is the best in Charlotte I believe and I would order here any day before I would go to any other pizza or Italian place.
4	This place continues to impress with it's pizza. I'll say it is a little pricey but it's worth it. Ordered a 14" pepperoni to go on Friday night and thoroughly enjoyed it. Nice crust and great flavor.
4	Ok, I'm giving them 4 stars based solely on the pizza.  The whole family loves ordering pizza from Big Guys, it's not cheap but it's worth it.  It's NY style pizza and the slices fold up nice!  Good sauce, great crust.  Delivery time is fine, but we live close so we usually just grab it.  My only complaint, and the reason for the one star deduction is the other night the wife and I dined in, she had the chicken Marsala and I had the veal Parm, it was less than stellar.  The veal was a little tough and the noodle side was dry.  Overall it was about average for Charlotte.  My wife did not enjoy the flavor of the Marsala and because of that she did not eat much of it.  I can't remember exact prices but I remember feeling they were a bit high.  Despite this, I'll give the dine in section another try just because their pizza is so good!Suggestion:  Half price pizza night, pick your slowest week night whatever that is.  We'd definitely make it a weekly routine.
5	The 28 is great!!! Always a huge hit at every gathering that we host or attend. The 28 is a great conversation piece due to its shear size and great flavor. I would say the pizza is close to NY style. I am a repeat customer.
4	With a slew of franchise pizza places in the neighborhood,  this is a really good pizza spot. Pizza is always good after ordering here several times. They never disappoint
5	First - Big Guys in Mint Hill has great pizza. Really great pizza.  Wings also good here. Staff has always been very friendly. I've never eaten in but we get pizza/wings for take out all the time. It is slightly pricey when you get into adding lots of toppings but just cheese pizza is great. Really no complaints.  It's my choice of pizza places in the Mint Hill/Matthews area every time.
4	This is strictly based on delivery and take-out.Pizza and I have a tumultuous relationship.  The standard fare (Pizza Hut, Papa Johns, Dominoes) is exactly that; standard fare.  Blah and yuck and I'd rather spend my money on a good sushi roll.  My husband, on the other hand, can eat pizza 'round the clock.  He introduced me to Big Guy's and I've been sold ever since.  It's the only pizza I want.  And notice I said "I want" instead of "I'll eat".  Not many pizza places have left me wanting pizza but Big Guy's nailed it.  Their dough to sauce to toppings ratio is on the mark as far as I'm concerned (er... and I'm no pizza aficionado but still...).  They're a little pricey but not out of the ordinary leaving out the "buy 2 deep dish pan Sicilian stuffed garlic cheese crust pizzas and get a free abysmal side" types.  They've nailed it and as far as pizza goes and I'll have nothing less!
5	Good and dependable family pizza spot! Come here often carry out and eat in with family of kids. Great service and food. Try the buffalo bites if you are skipping your diet!
4	They have great Pizza, almost like New York Pizza. I always order the large pizza to go. I am so glad I found a place with good pizza. I don't like chain pizza to much. I have tried thier spaghetti and meatballs, they are not that great, the meatballs have no flavor and the pasta had too much water in the bottom on the plate. I just go there for the Pizza.
3	Pizza is ok, not at all great. The garlic knots are ok, but the sauce is sweet and too greasy. The atmosphere is stuffy cluttered. They have Christmas decor in June. Just very odd in my opinion.
5	Pizza is fantastic and very authentic. The wings are pretty good, too.Then only issue we have had is with the heros/hoagies. The quality of the bread is not the best. They need something more dense for their meatball heroes, as they will fall apart. The ingredients in these heroes have been good quality, however.
5	Not fancy, not pretentious, just good old fashion NY pizza in a casual setting. Good food,good people.
3	You want big this is the place for you. You can get a pizza that will cover an entire folding card table and it's not just a novelty, the pizza is actually good. They don't deliver that far and if you have large group somethings things take longer then they should.
3	Decent pizza...but honestly NOT a fan of the oversized slices...like seriously who wants a super sized slice?  rather have two normal size slices...overpriced for sure.
4	The pizza is great. NY style pizza and for a decent price. It isn't too greasy. To eat in the restaurant is obnoxious. The employees yell at each other constantly and the wait for a pizza was an hour long wait. For the restaurant. It was shorter period of time for carry out (only 30minutes). I don't understand how customers in the restaurant wasn't a priority. The restaurant itself was clean and decent size. Had a good bit of tables. Reminds me of a mom and pop place.
5	I have eaten many pizzas in my day and this by far the best in Charlotte... Being from from NY this was just like being home again... Kudos to the pizza chef....
5	This pizza is outstanding. I love the big slices, and it tastes great. Pricing is great too. Sure, you could get another pizza from a chain for $5, but then you've set yourself on a dark path of bad decision making. I usually get the standard: a large cheese pizza. It's great. I dream of the party-size pie. I always get takeout, so I can't speak to the in-restaurant experience. However, for takeout, this is the only pizza I'll get.
