5	I LOVE this cafe. This neighborhood was so in need of a wonderful place like this! I have been here on numerous occasions; with my 19 month old son, with my family or after a yoga class. and EVERY single time, it has been fantastic. The menu is excellent, I have only had lunch and have really gravitated toward the Your So Keen sandwich (vegan with homemade quinoa patty). amazing. The fresh pressed juices are so good, you will want to come back every day.The staff really makes the place. They are so kind and friendly, and really helpful picking out selections or just saying hello. And as an upcoming cafe, they are super receptive to feedback, I asked if they have a highchair, and the staff looked at each other and said, oh, hadn't thought of that. I haven't double checked to see if they got one, but loved the fact they were so receptive.They also carry vegan cupcakes/cookies baked inhouse. To be honest, I haven't tried these because the cupcakes don't look super appealing, but I'm sure I will. The cookies look really good though! If you have not been here, you should definitely go. the food is great, staff is amazing and they have lots of vegan options and healthy juice. thank you for bringing life back to this little corner!!
5	First time in PHX, fresh off a flight.  Yelped s.e.e.d. and grabbed a fresh juice and 2 energy bars.  Really friendly people, ccol place too. I would def hang out here, do yoga and spin, and eat and what not if I lived here...
4	Fresh, tasty food and juices in a great neighborhood.  What's not to like?
4	Happy Hour is 2:30-4:30 $4 smoothies
5	The smoothies here are outta this world! We came here three times while in town! The blue giraffe,date with a celb and three month vacay. were the top favorites.
4	Best for a quick bite or an on-the-run pick up.  Got a chance to stop in for a visit as well as did some takeout.  All you need to know are 2 words:  "Scooter Monkey"... you're welcome!
5	They have some of the best juice in town. $10 for a 24oz is a little pricey for me but I always go back. I've never had the food so 5 stars for the juice!
5	I recently started coming here to pick up lunch and bring back to the office. I love their juices and their tuna salad is amazing.It's a little pricey, but well worth it. Can't wait to try more things. Highly recommend this place.
5	I had already started eating when my coworkers decided to place a to-go from S.E.E.D. cafe. Menu looked good so I opted in for something light. The Tabbouleh was fantastic! I'm gluten free, so loved that it was quinoa rather than bulgur. Very fresh and tasty.
5	Kicking a bad fast food habit of mine and have finally started to experiment with all this stupid juicing stuff I have heard so much about lately.  Yelp led me to this cafe and wow!  I am impressed.  Fresh, light and DELICIOUSNESS.  I came here for juice but they have so many other healthy options I'll be back to try the rest of the menu!
5	If you're familiar with the euphemism "drinking the Kool-Aid", that's exactly what I'm doing. This place is super contemporary, super clean, and super fit. The menu can be a little bit intimidating, so I recommend taking a look online before you head in. I got the Clark Kent smoothie, and my only regret is I got the small instead of the large. Guys, they put apple cider vinegar in it. It gave it this incredibly delicious tart taste And I love that I don't feel like I'm drinking ice cream or some kind of Jamba Juice concoction. This is the real deal for healthy juicing and smoothies. You do pay the price, but I kind of feel like it's worth it. I also got the Kale Them with Kindness salad to go aaand I'm pretty excited to eat it for dinner. I really enjoyed the atmosphere, and that goes for the people who work there as well. I'm not exactly in the best shape, but I'm trying, and I didn't feel out of place or judged the way some super health places can come across. Bravo.
4	Spot on.  They have found a great balance between having healthy food but good tasting food.  I have the impression that the chef knows his customer.  They have continued to expand and grow their menu in a calculated not rushed way.  I think this allows each dish to shine.  I eat there quite often and my other half (who doesn't work out) enjoys the food and always comments "doesn't taste like health food)  I do wish they would ass their Nut Juice from the juice cleanse onto there menu.  I could see a second location in North Scottsdale doing really well and look forward to my next meal there.
5	I fell in love with the seed cafe as soon as I parked. The parking lot may be small but as far as parking lots go it's pretty gorgeous. I had the bigger yard smoothie which featured spinach, kale, mango and coconut water. The guys were nice enough to omit the pineapple from my smoothie as oftentimes it's much to acidic for my tummy to handle. My smoothie came out an impressive green color and I loved the texture. Everything about it was perfect.
5	Shakes are the bomb.com. Tuna tacos in lettuce leaves were fresh, healthy and delicious. Atmosphere is great too, especially the patio.  A little pricey but totally worth it for quality nutrition that makes your mouth happy.
5	I secretly wish I were a bird quite often, so naturally, s.e.e.d is right up my tree! Not to mention the fact that it's attached to a lovely lovely yoga & spin studio so that you can think about the awesome smoothie, juice or light bite to get you through that workout (hellllllo hot yoga!)I ordered one of the green juices which was as good as any green juice I've ever had (yes, you can go wrong with these, especially when they make them more like fruit juice with a tiny bit of greens thrown in. Not the case here). Juices come in fairly-priced large and larger sizes and thanks to me indulging in the latter, had barely any room left to attempt eating my lunch, a special quinoa salad that was delicious. All five bites that I could manage. So delicious, I all but cried when I realized I had left it in my colleague's car!Do check out S.E.E.D ASAP, even if you do n't plan on taking a yoga or spin class beforehand. Great food that does your body a favor!
5	We come every week after yoga for a delicious Yo Adrian (salad) and Free Spirit (juice with green apple, lemon, ginger, and cayenne). Addicted.
5	Everything you can ask for and more!  Amazing food, vast fresh pressed juice selection, and the most friendly staff in town.  Seed cafe not only delivers high quality healthy food quickly, but they do it while creating a friendly family-like culture.
4	I was hungry after church today and yelped a "healthy" lunch spot, and here I was! What I tried:-Santa Maria Sandwich: Simple & fresh Turkey sandwich. The mango jam inside gave it a nice kick. It also came with a small quinoa-type dish called Tabbouleh which was really yummy too. -Zinger Juice: Quite the zing! i love spicy foods, but i wasn't expecting this juice to be so spicy. But sip after sip, I enjoyed it more. Energy boost for sure!I decided to eat-in and do some leisure reading. While doing so, I noticed that all the customers were regulars. They were all on first-name basis with the workers. And once a yoga class was done, seeing all the post-workout Yogi's trickle in with rejuvenated smiles, I couldn't help but notice the friendly vibe all around. Since the cafe is directly connected to the yoga/spin studio in the Improvement Club, this must be super convenient for a post-workout meal. I'll be back to try one of the classes.. as an excuse to try a new Juice/Smoothie :D
5	This is my kind of food! Healthy yet flavorful and hearty! This little cafe is located within Madison Improvement Club which means that you can grab a meal, snack or juice before or after a class. But don't be confused and think you can only visit if you are taking a class. You can just simply stop in and get a salad or sandwich to-go, or dine in! They also have a wide range of juices, shakes, and veggie drinks. I work on the go and this is going to become one of my new favorite places to work from. This is because they have a great outdoor patio that's covered with room to work from. The staff is very friendly and helpful and if you order your food to dine in, they will bring it right to your table. Today I worked from the cafe and enjoyed the delicious Santa Maria which was turkey on toasted wheat bread complete with lettuce, tomato, avocado, brie and the most delicious jalapeno jam! It was huge so I could only eat half and took the rest home to enjoy later. I really liked the sandwich and I look forward to coming back and enjoying the salads and other items off the menu. Speaking of salads, they have them pre-packaged and ready to go so you can literally run in and grab one, buy it and go!
5	Amazing cafe inside the Madison improvement club! Only open the hours the work out facility is open but the to go salads are amazing. Highly recommend the kale salad. Great gluten free, vegan, vegetarian and paleo options.
3	I would love to give this shop a better rating as I did enjoy most of what I ordered, however my toast beef sandwich was too soggy and greasy. I thoroughly enjoyed my smoothie and those little bars they sell up front. Delicious!
4	Not knowing the area very well and missing my juice bar back in OC, I decided to give this this place another go. This time I ordered an apple based juice over ice with mint, lime, ginger and spinach. It was as lovely as it could possible be. I was talked into getting a cheeky spaghetti squash dish and was quite pleased with that as well. Also, never forget the homemade bars sold up front; you can never go wrong with these delightful bites.
4	I've been here twice, first time I got a juice and second time I got a smoothie. Both were very good. I haven't tried the food yet, but it looks delicious. I like this place but there's just this vibe here- it's kind of like rich people who don't care? I've only been here when it's dead, so maybe they're more lively when it's busy. All I'm saying is, I got more conversation from the TSA agent while she was patting me down. A friendly greeting goes a LONG, long way with me.
5	Really good, fresh food. The indoor and outdoor seating are both really nice. The place has a really good vibe along with good, quick service. Definitely try this place if your looking to eat healthy or just plain tasty. Try the original Acai bowl.
5	This my new spot!  I love going around the city check on which cafe will be my next favorite.  First off fresh juice! I love it.  I usually have to go get juice somewhere first and go somewhere else for food.  But here the juice quality matches the food quality.  I had a chicken chorizo egg burrito.  In a tortilla that had been crisped on the flat top and all ingredients tasted so fresh I savored every bite.  And service was fast and friendly. What every question I had the service personnel had a quick answer and gave it with a smile. The cafe shares it's place with a spin bike and yoga studio.  There is a lot of history in a very modern renovated building.  They even gave us a tour of the facility.  Everything was clean. The place smelt great! And the atmosphere is chill!  I am going to come back many more times. I am excited I finally made my way over there. You should too.
5	The whole wheat tortillas are soft, delicious, and pleasing. Absolutely the best veggie burrito I've ever had and the salsa was about perfect. It was fun to see an employee snipping herbs from their garden. Don't pass over this spot!
5	Went to S.e.e.d. cafe for the first time today and I was made instantly a fan of the place.  I had their Santa Maria sandwich and Big Yard green smoothie drink.  Both were wonderful and actually the smoothie filled me up enough that I was able to save my sandwich until dinner.  Even hours later it still tasted fantastically amazing.The place is really easy to find right on the corner with plenty of parking and plenty of seating outside.  On the inside it seems to be a bit cramped but that's okay.Everything is slightly over priced but I tended to notice that when you're wanting something fresh or healthy for you in general it's more expensive.  The cheaper it gets the more it's filled with chemicals and artificial everything to the point you're not even eating real fruits, veggies, and meats.  So I'm pretty okay with the price.  It's like healthy fast food almost.I liked the cashier also and the vibe of all the staff. Everyone one was kind and friendly, and there was an atmosphere in the air that felt like everyone knew everyone. Very friendly. It's like Cheers bar on tv, but everything good for you instead of bad.I'll be going here again and again. Loved it!
5	WOW WOW WOW!!!! I am absolutely addicted to this spot!!! The Turkado Chavokey is my favorite in the morning!! If you haven't been here, GO NOW
5	Best tuna sandwich I have ever had! Super friendly staff. The tabbouleh is out of hand! So good!
5	Jamie Lannister might be the kingslayer, but you can go to s.e.e.d. cafe and be a dragonslayer.  The dragonslayer is a smoothie with pitaya (a cactus fruit also known as dragonfruit), strawberries, pineapple, and fresh oj.  It was the perfect sweetness and flavoring mix.  Can't wait to try other goodies. My friend ordered the scootermonkey and it looked good.  We were both too busy enjoying our smoothies to share.  lol
5	This little fitness joint cafe is Arcadia is in all the right ways... give it a shot next time you're overcome with a sense of claustrophobia and dread when someone invites you to LGO for lunch.These are some of the crucial inquiries one must make when analyzing the iconic veggie burger, and this is easily one of the best the valley has to offer. Is it bland?Is it pretending to be meat? Is it as unhealthy as a regular cheeseburger? Is it a uniform ball of mush?Quinoa patties are inherently squishy, but s.e.e.d. uses bread that's so toasted that you still get the ideal ratio of o.h.y.e.a.h. *action movie announcer voice* Super toasty 9-grain. Soft, spiced quinoa patty. Avocado. Tomato. Vegan chive mayo. Red pepper tapenade. Melty vegan cheese. Available now.P.S. - bonus star for stevia & almond milk at the drink bar.
5	I live 4 blocks away, I would eat here every morning if I could! The food and staff are amazing! Always friendly and helpful!
3	My first attempt to come here was on a Friday night, around 7pm. The 1st problem was that I couldn't find it. My iPhone map said I was there, and I knew that I was at 38th St & Indian School, but I couldn't find it. I went into the strip mall that's on the NW corner of 38th & Indian School, thinking that maybe it was hidden in there somewhere. Nope.  So I decided to exit the strip mall onto 38th and lo and behold, I see "s.e.e.d." in bright orange letters...on the SIDE of the building. *side-eye*  The front of the building, which faces the main road, has the name, "The Madison Improvement Club," on it in glowing bright lights. I passed by this, like twice. Silly me; it didn't click that s.e.e.d. was an acronym for The Madison Improvement Club. (sarcasm) In fairness, there is a banner hung on the front wall that mentions burritos and "s.e.e.d. cafe." Mind you, this building is on the NE corner of Indian School & 38th St, so while you're rubber necking to look at that little banner, you're likely to rear-end someone who's either stopping at that light, or turning at that corner in front of you.  So let me tell you what the business's website fails to: s.e.e.d. is located inside of, or shares a space with, The Madison Improvement Club, which I assume, judging by the abundance of yoga mats, yoga pant-cladded clientele, and the highlighted, "OM" in the sign, is a yoga studio. A vegan site had their hours listed as 6am-9pm, M-F. I did not check s.e.e.d.'s website first. Alas, they were closed.  The hours on the door indicate that they're open 6a-7:02pm on Fridays. But again, 7pm, and they were closed. I checked their website and it clearly says their hours are 6am-2pm on Fridays. That's my fault for not double checking. Anyway, I went back today and ordered the You're So Keen sandwich. I ordered mine without the vegan cheese or tomatoes. The side of the day was Tahini Cauliflower, so I choose that instead of the standard side of tabbouleh. My total was $9.75. The sandwich was ok. It was not bad. It was not memorable. It was just ok.  I tasted 1 speckle of spice in one bite, but that was about it in the flavor department.  A nice guy, who was working there, suggested I try it as a wrap next time; he said it's super good as a wrap.  I'll keep that in mind. That tahini cauliflower dish was very tasty though.  Not bland, and not too overpowering either. The cauliflower was nicely cooked too; it still had its crunch.  It's a small, cozy cafe with a decent amount of vegan items. Vegan options are noted with a "V," whereas, the vegetarian options have "VEG" by them.  Everything seems really light and healthy, and the food was very fresh. They have juices, smoothies, and a grab-n-go case that is stocked with salads and some desserts; however, there were no vegan desserts when I went.  Bummer. They have a nice, covered patio area with a cute picnic table, as well as a few bar tables.  They have their own parking lot (which is really cute, by the way), but it was very full; I got the last parking spot in the lot. I assume most of the cars belonged to yoga students, because there were only about 6 people in the cafe, 3 of whom were the staff. Cute cafe. Ok food vegan, in my opinion. There are other vegan options very close by, so it's doubtful that I'll revisit.
5	This place was certainly a great find!  The menu was amazing.  Shockingly none of us tried a smoothie, but they all looked good.My girlfriend and I had omelets (they call them omelet style burritos because the fillings are wrapped in the egg).They were so good!  Fresh eggs, fresh meat, fresh veggies, decadent goat cheese.  I wish they had one of them here in Dallas!  It attracts a fitness oriented crowd and I could see singles really enjoying the environment for a plethora of reasons.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  The food is always fresh and their lemonade is the best I have EVER had :-)  One of the few places where you can eat healthy and the food is very tasty.  Go there almost every day.
5	o.b.s.e.s.s.e.d.Yes, that's right... s.e.e.d. is my new obsession... I cannot get enough of their fresh squeezed juices, healthy snacks, salads and sandwiches.I've lost count of the number of times I've visited, but it's definitely more than I can count on my fingers and toes, and I've always walked away a happy customer.  Over the weekend, I had a big birthday celebration and invited some friends to celebrate with me at the Madison Improvement Club.  We did a #partyonabike (spin) class with Brittny, a private flow yoga class with Beri, and had lunch catered by s.e.e.d right on the patio.  It was perfect in every way!I worked with Carly to plan it and she was OMazing... we ended up with the following menu for my group:*1 hummus platter*1 skinny dipping platter *1 Jaqlyn Salad *1 Kale 'em with Kindness Salad*1 Santa Maria Platter (wrap style)*1 Tune Up Platter (wrap style)*1 What She's Having Platter (wrap style)We also had juice shots (The Walk, Conquer the World, Zinger).  Every single person I spoke to raved about the food, and I loved it so much, I ate leftovers for dinner... on my birthday!If I could give Carly, Jaqlyn, and Chef Joe more than 5 stars, I would... Thank you for making me the most perfect birthday lunch, and you can bet you'll see me back at s.e.e.d. again real soon!
4	What a great little gem in the Arcadia neighborhood!  S.e.e.d is located inside Madison Improvement Club and it's a great place to a quick healthy meal, juice or smoothie.  The menu is eclectic and somewhat extensive for a health food cafe with a ton of vegetarian and vegan options.  I prefer their brunch items which include acai bowls, breakfast burritos, and oatmeal.  The lunch menu is also great with some interesting salads and very unique sandwiches.  I would say that their best specialty is green juices and vegan desserts if that's your kind of thing.  Either way, check it out for brunch or a healthy lunch, you won't be disappointed.  It can get pricey since it's healthy food but nothing you wouldn't expect for this kind of place.
5	This is one of my favorite places in Phoenix for yummy, healthy and fast bites and juices. Perfect place to stop and grab lunch during the work day.  I frequently get a green juice in the afternoon to overcome the 3:00 hump. The Road Runner is one of my favorite treats- it's a healthy black bean brownie! Everyone that works here is very nice and friendly- I've only experienced great customer service. Love this place ;))
5	Great salads and juice, a very warm environment and lovely staff, and I feel that the food is made with love. If I loved here I would be a regular. I'm going for a morning yoga session tmrw morning, I met the teacher, and she is awesome, her name is Harmony
5	Umm... ok so I couldn't find the door to this place when I first pulled up (blonde moment, I know), but who can blame me when I walk up expecting a juice/smoothie shop and I see clothes inside? Come to find out, they also have yoga and spin classes here and sell some yogi stuff as well.Anywho, I finally found the door and walked in wanting a nutrient-packed juice or smoothie. The guys at the juice bar kinda walked me through their menu a bit, explaining a few items. I was so intrigued by the ingredients of their smoothies, that I opted for "The Clark Kent" and could hardly wait to try it -- until I started looking at the menu some more and realized they had seasonal "guest appearances" on the menu. Doh!!! I asked the guy behind the counter if he had started to make my drink yet, to which I THOUGHT he said yes... and asked why? I told him I just realized they had "The Gingerbread Man" on the menu and would've liked that one instead, but told him that it was alright, and would come back another time to try it (hoping they would still have it by then). But then to my surprise when I took that "love at first sip" sip out of my smoothie... Lo and behold, it was "The Gingerbread Man"!!! I don't know how the guy managed the ol' switcheroo but I'm glad he did! This smoothie literally tastes like you're eating gingerbread cookies, but it's GOOD FOR YOU!!! If THAT'S not amazing, I don't know what is. I'll be back to try one of everything on the menu... it just looks so good.
5	Its nice to have found a place with healthy and creative options! They are always introducing new things and specials to the menu, so you could literally eat here everyday if you wanted to! Juices, smoothies, coffee, breakfast, lunch...they've got it covered. The Santa Maria is delicious! I ordered a sandwich/wrap platter to bring to a family friend who was in the hospital, and I was getting comments left and right as I walked through the lobby of how delicious everything looked. Definitely a great catering option for any event or office meeting you may need food for! Super friendly staff, and you can tell they love where they work!
