5	Surprisingly large selection of books here.My wife knew about this metaphysical book store for years, but when we went to visit it, its original location had been all boarded up for some time.  We were later tipped off as to where it had relocated.  The place doesn't look like much from the outside, but you go in and you are greeted by a wall of books going down a long wall.  I was impressed.  While I don't buy these kinds of books like I used to, some of the old used Manly P. Hall books (some of them signed) on the back wall were very tempting.This just might be the best, most varied used book store I've found in the Valley so far.  If you're looking in the Valley for spiritual/metaphysical/religious sorts of books in the Phoenix area (and there's a few of them there), don't skip this place.  Lots of books, lots of space, and friendly service.  It's cooler in there than outside, and I'm not just talking about the temperature.
4	After viewing this on the Arizona metaphysical site, I decided I wanted to visit this bookstore. It is a new shop in a new location since the old location was burned down. Basically if you have a metaphysical itch, they will scratch it. It is a good sized store with bookshelves along the walls displaying pretty much any kind of book you could be looking for whether it be Wicca, astral projection, crystal healing, A Course in Miracles, UFO Books, books on Eastern Philosophy, Mystic Christianity, Ancient Scriptures, Bhagavad Gita, Gnosticism, Qabbalah, Reincarnation, Magick,  Demonology, Divination, Numerology, Palmistry, Dreams, Candle-burning, Herbs, Vampires, Aromatherapy, Holistic Healing, Occultism, Metaphysics, Self Help, Crystals, Runes,  Healing  and Massage, Tarot, Astrology, Fairies, Angels and Satanism and much much more. Every potion or spice that you may be looking for is here. They have a good selection of scrying mirrors, crystal balls, jewelry, candles, incense and magazines. They have classes every month and offer reiki therapy, hypnotherapy, and readings. The store is located between Indian School Rd and Camelback just south of Meadowbrook Ave. Usually the store is run by Rev. Dr. John Rodgers who is a little strange but that didn't prevent me from shopping, his partner Joy also runs the shop.
5	I like this place.I don't get to peruse often enough,but it's always a refreshing adventure when I do have the opportunity.They've got a decent amount of Crowley and the likes that many others won't even carry because it's not the pretty sparkly faerie dusty stuff.The folks who run the place are always warm,genuine and inviting.I even had a spooky kinda thing happen here.It was 2 years ago in December.I stopped in between job interviews to find some candles for a friend.They didn't have what I was looking for,but on my way out,a lady sitting at a reading table said,"before you go,come pick out a stone"from a bowl of shiny lil rocks.I picked one I liked and she told me it would bring me something I needed.I laughed to myself and said,"well,that would be a job"...(I'd been looking for a franticly stressed 2 months)and about 2 hours after I left the store,I got not one but 2 different offers.I did call the store the next day to let her know what happened.I don't neccessarilly believe in that sort of thing,but thought the experience was creepy cool none the less.
5	Alpha Books has a pleasant vibe; shall we say. ;) And Joy is a class act. I've known her and John for the better part of 20 years now...............
5	This place has been here for over 45 years and a recent visit reminded me of why this place has lasted for as long as it has. Super friendly service and tons of supplies you may need. The store is much bigger than the one that used to be on McDowell. Their specialty is Metaphysics, New Age, Paganism and the occult. We were greeted by Roz and Joy who were super friendly and answered all of our pestering questions. Roz even gave us some cold bottled water because it was so hot outside.They had lots of different statues, but I came here interested if they had any Buddha statues, prayer flags, mala beads or books on the paranormal, which they had all of them! I pondered over some reiki infused scented candles that were only $2 and $15 handmade goblins. They also have a used section of books which is appreciated because sometimes this stuff can get really expensive. My partner specifically came here looking for tarot cards which they had in abundance. The ones he ended up liking they had to special order for him, which was nice. If you are looking for essential oils, herbs, kits, graveyard dirt, holy water, charcoal, sage, candles, they have all of that. They also offer readings and classes on things like rootwork, how to read the tarot, candle magick and crystal workshops. The place was a bit confusing to find but it's next to the big tanning shop next door that reads 'TANNING,' and there is a big iron sign that says Alpha Book Center.
2	I have been here numerous times. Every time "John" is there he finds a way to insult either myself or my wife. Dont get me wrong, I love their selection of books and other wares, its just "John" that turns me off of the place.
1	Owner does not have integrity.
4	I am a Magickal Herbalist and this place is THE place to go for all your herbal needs.  The book selection is stellar and Joy is well...a joy.  She is very knowledgeable and more than willing to help you discover your spiritual path.  The only thing that unsettles me a bit is "Dr." John.  The creep factor radar was definitely up there.  He practically followed me around the store the entire time I was browsing.  All-in-all a great little treasure trove of metaphysical delights!
