1	I am livid as I write this. I rarely eat at McD's, but I do stop in for a McRib when it is offered. That was our reason for going this time. Our order was 1 Mcrib, 1 Qtr Pounder, 1 Big Mac, 1 side salad, 1 drink, 1 fry. Five items and a drink.  When our bags came through the drive thru window, we did a cursory check and had 5 items in the bag in a quick, efficient manner. When we got home - we had 1 Qtr Pounder, 2 Big Macs, 1 fry, 1 salad and drink. Yeah, it is five items + drink. Not the CORRECT five items. I drove back with 2 big macs, receipt and bagging list (both of which listed mcrib and 1 big mac). I went inside and spoke with the employee there. I said I would like to return the 2 big macs in exchange for a new big mac and a mcrib. He turned around and had the cook make a new mcrib, which he promptly handed to me and said I could keep the other 2 big macs. WTF? How much more plain can I make it? I want a FRESH big mac AND a mcrib, not TWO bigmacs that are now half an hour old (they will be by the time I drive back home). I didn't even bother to argue the point. Why? The store is equipped with thousands upon thousands of dollars in equipment designed to take orders, cook orders, and track orders. The whole process happens in an area 500 square feet. But somehow, even with all of this high-tech equipment tracking your order from start to finish; something as simple as getting FIVE items in a bag correctly is beyond the capability of the multiple staff members that is preparing/checking and serving that order in those 500 square feet. I came home -  and ate a bit of my mcrib. I didn't eat the big macs as they were cold, and who wants to reheat burgers laden with lettuce and special sauce? That's just gross. It could have been a nice treat, but instead I had to log onto the internet and spend what could have been dinner time letting you all know that things like caveat emptor still apply, especially at drive thru windows. Cursory item counts aren't enough.. you have to VERIFY what each item is. I'm paying good money for simple items which are tracked by complex systems and multiple personnel yet somehow such a seemingly simple task can go wrong in the matter of a few feet. I just don't get it. Thanks for nothing, McDonald's.
4	Great playground at this location, perhaps among the better ones as far as McDonalds goes.  Service is quick, food is typical, but the playground puts this one on the map for me.
3	Plastic, really, really, really bad for you in sooooooo many ways, shape and some nasty looking forms...but hey, when you come here you are pretty much kissing your 60's goodbye.Take it's yummy, bacon filled, processed, cheesy, murdered cow goodness with a dollop of cardiac arrest thrown in for good measure in moderation.
3	I'm not one of the people who think that they are better than McDonald's. I actually like the taste of the dollar menu items, so life is cheap for me. This location is the closest to our house, so it's the one that we frequent the most. They're one of the few locations to have four piece chicken nuggets for $1 for the kids, so that's a plus. The McCafe, while obviously not specific to this location, is a cool concept. The drinks are pretty good, and about half the price of a Starbucks. The thing that this location is in dire need of, though, is an update/remodel. The inside decor and the seating areas have a worn-out look to them. It seems that every other McDonald's that I've been to recently has been refurbished. They all have the cafe look to them now and some have really fancy play structures. Other than that, the staff is usually very nice and helpful, and we rarely have any mistakes with our order. The extensive dollar menu offerings and helpful staff balance out the dated decor to leave it with three stars for me.
3	Still 3 stars, but the fly problem here is getting annoying. They need to get an exterminator or hang some fly strips or something.
2	Meh .. staff is very short assy but overall clean.. what do you expect it's Mc Donalds not Deluxe Burger at the Biltmore... place is dated I rarely eat here kids had gift cards from Christmas....management needs to look closely at this location
