5	Oh Em Gee. This was such an amazing and fabulous event! I got my behind thoroughly kicked at Orange Theory and then had amazingly delicious food from the super sweet and awesome people at Flower Child - gotta remember to go back there, it was pretty awesome. Let me start with Orange Theory - I was nervous going into it as I am not a runner (haven't run since... I dunno.... April maybe) and I don't lift weights typically. I was right to be scared, this place is not messing around. I was sweating and panting... it was almost a little embarrassing, but so good! I started on the treadmill (for 30 minutes.... I was dying), where they talk you through intervals of running and jogging. That was followed by the rowing machine and a series of simple exercises using mostly everyday equipment (dumbbells, push ups, sit ups with medicine balls, etc). The burn was real. I burned almost 500 calories... which was good cuz I ate at least that much after at Flower Child. I hadn't tried this place yet, but it was legit. The food is mostly local, organic, and lightly seasoned as to let the flavors of the food shine through. The people who worked there were so helpful in navigating the menu and so generous with the food. I had a great green tea, the amazingly delicious avocado hummus (I wanted to lick the bowl), and the sesame beef bowl (this thing had a great Asian flavor without obscuring the taste of the vegetables and the high quality steak). It was also huge, at least 2 meals worth. I got to try their delicious carrot/veg juice (I could get down with that on a regular basis), their green juice (good, but standard green/kale juice), and the kombucha (surprisingly good... never tried it before so I have no comparison). I'm not gonna lie, I totally drank some of the unfinished juices from friends (thanks guys!). We even got dessert to take home. The best part, though, was the friendly and personable nature of the staff... it really was impressive. I will be back! Thank you Lindsey and Yelp for an amazing day, you guys are the best!!!
5	Well, once upon a time I was in great shape lol. The title of this event says it all. Erik kicked my butt for sure. Not bad on my part since I just had surgery and had not worked out in like three years. This place is a lot of fun and very easy to do a cycle routine. I liked the fancy heart monitor screens. The idea is simple it is a cycle type of workout. You can start on the floor or aerobic. ( treadmills and rowers) The trainer walks you through a workout with specific directions and motivation techniques. Grueling Jililan screaming not included, not to say Erik was easy on me. Afterwards, we went to Flower Child restaurant. I had been wanting to go for a while now so was happy to finally try it. The place is amazing. All of the food is outstanding but a few stand outs were; Hummus Mixed Guac, Sesame Beef, Glazed Chili Sweet potatoes, Beet Salad, and the Corn Quinoa. Really good clean food with great Fox service. Rob was the manager and was most welcoming and interested in us. The staff was great!A unique event for sure. I will feel it tomorrow though. ;)
5	Hey! Now I know what the "Orange Zone" means! I've been curious what all the super toned beautiful people of Arcadia have been raving about. (No commas as I'm still tired. Be quiet, I know the event was hours ago.) This blob signed up anyway as the little old ladies I roll with go here.Yeah, I'm a hipster.I figured if women in their 70's could do it, I had no excuse.I l-o-v-e-d this event! We got our butts kicked and then were treated to the menu over at Flower Child. (Oh god, the food. Back to that in a moment.) Orange Theory really has taken design into consideration. First of all, there's a hard "no cell phone" rule. You're not going to have time to thumb thru social media. You're there to workout. Period. Leave your stuff in the lockers up front.All of the equipment is easy to use.The treadmills are wonderful. A butterfly touch will adjust settings for you. The rowers here are so different than ergs. It's like floating on air, with the emphasis on speed. The floor stations have mats hanging at a height SHORT people can easily reach. (Thank you very much.)So, the exercise part. I said it was hard. And I mean that. It was freaking terrible. But you can modify every exercise to your current fitness level. You've got a heart monitor strapped on so afterwards you can see a rate zone distribution. (I was in the orange zone 56% of the time! Whee!) If you're feeling competitive I suppose you could look at the screens showing everyone's heart rates. (Bao probably could have done that. He was running up inclines of, I dunno, fifty-seven. WHAT IS WRONG WITH HIM?)And yes, Meagan. We all heard you shouting "WOOO HOOOOOO!" You must be an excellent public speaker with lungs like that :)On wobbly legs I meekly followed Lindsey over to Flower Child. I've had the joy of eating there once. Today was bananas crazy. You guys are going to die when you hear this: They let us order anything. A-n-y-t-h-i-n-g. So picture a bunch of Yelpers eating off each other's plates. I think you're supposed to ask before you stick your fork on someone's plate. Not today!The food is healthy. The food is delicious.Anything can be customized to meet your dietary needs.The concept is very simple: Happy Food makes Healthy Food.(But really, it makes Happy People too!)The smorgasburg of food is a whirl wind in my brain. Avocado hummus (I'm going to eat that again). I am definitely going to mix in the sweetcorn quinoa with something. Or just come for this alone. My chopped salad with grass fed steak hit the spot. Kombucha is a very delicious bubbly drink. I had no idea carrot juice would be something I'd actually like. So food is one reason to visit a place. Customer service is just as important. The folks here have got it down. (I know this because I've been here outside of a special Yelp events. They're just nice!)Alright, alright. I'll stop writing. I had an awesome time today. Thank you Lindsey for organizing such a cool day!
5	So are we supposed to put our reviews here, or on the page of the businesses? I'm just going to go rogue and post to their page.In other news, I'm thinking about making a trip down to my local ER. I've somehow contracted a serious case of Sponge Legs. Good thing I have a Lemon Cake to make me feel better.And kudos to that psychopath Mike who never left the red zone. What a monster.Had a fantastic time, nice to meet you all and thanks to Lindsey for setting up such a novel and ass-kicking event. Never did any yelp event like this in Miami. Made my weekend.
5	(Lyrics - Sir Mix-A-Lot - Baby Got Back)I like to kick butt and I cannot lieYou other Yelpers can't denyThat you want to walk out with an itty bitty waistAnd Eric's all up in your faceYou get "Pushed", wanna pull out your toughCause you notice your heart rate was stuckDeep in the monitor you're wearingI'm hooked and I can't stop runningOh Orange, Theory's gonna get youAnd take your heartrateMy Yelpers tried to warn meBut afterward Flower Child makes me so, so, hungry!Double the fun this time around - First stop at Orange Theory Fitness where Eric motivated and "Kicked our Yelp Butts"!  Needless to say it was quite an experience and fun time working out with the Yelpers of all levels.  The heart rate monitor really helped with the motivation.  I had tough time getting to the red zone, but apparently it was only good to stay at that point for 5 or less minutes -- therefore I did well - wink!  Constant motion on the floors from steps, push-ups, row machines, pistol squats, ball hops and dumbells; this was quite intense!  The treadmills was my strength; from pacing to all out sprints!Round 2 was at Flower Child.  A farm to table concept restaurant brought to us by Mr. Fox.  This place has a breakfast table open feel, but serves up some delicious fresh organic ingredients.  I went for the Thai Buckwheat Noodles with Salmon!  Salmon was well cooked, but next time I'll shoot for the chicken.  The dish came with some buckwheat noodles, of course, avocado, mint, radish, thai basil, roasted mushroom, cashews, sesame, and fish sauce.  Overall, it seems like a bunch of ingredients to taste, but it worked.  Nice fresh and crunchy salad with an aromatic bite!  In the end, gotta thank Ms. Lindsey for another great fun event.  Next rounds on us! - Enjoy!
5	Eric kicked our A$$!! I am lucky I work out on a regular basis or I would have really been really hurting. I love the fact that he pushes you outside of your comfort zone and makes sure you are working to your fullest capacity. Sadly I am nursing a slight knee injury and I couldn't kick a$$ like I really wanted to but I still did pretty well. From Cardio to weight to TRX to a nice "finisher" (as we say in boot camp) I must say it was a great event! Thank you Lindsey! (but then again I enjoy working out lol) I like the fact that they give you Polar Heart rate monitors to use so that you can track your workout as well as email you with your results so you can see just how well ( or not) you did. All in all, if you are looking for a place to work out that will kick your butt, give them a try, I doubt you will be disappointed.
5	Now this was my kind of Yelp event! A fun exercise activity followed by a fantastic, healthy meal - what could be better? Okay, it doesn't always have to be healthy. That time we got at eat pork belly was good too, but I digress.This event was aptly named as I definitely got my butt kicked at Orange Theory. I went on the treadmill first and ran so by the time I got to the floor exercises I was pretty spent. Those who power walked were smart! I definitely feel like I got a good workout. My abs and arms are so sore today! I thought it was an interesting concept, I'd never experienced a circuit training gym like that. If the price was right I would consider going back.Speaking of going back, I will definitely be going back to Flower Child. Fox Restaurants has a winner once again. I was so surprised when we got to order anything we wanted off the menu (what, really?!) so I went with the kale salad and salmon. So delicious! The portion was large, especially the piece of salmon and everything tasted so fresh. The salmon was not dry at all, the dressing on the salad was light and flavorful and there were large slices of pear and grapefruit along with almonds and dried cranberries. Yum, yum, yum. We also got to try their kombucha which I've never had before, and some of their juices. Then to top it off we each got a little lemon cake for the road. I'm so in love with this place I can't wait to go back.Thanks again Lindsey and Yelp for yet another amazing event. They just keep getting better and better!
5	If you want to get your body in amazing shape, then sign up for an Orange Theory Fitness class! They help you stay motivated with a guided class led by an enthusiastic trainer. You've heard the phrase, it hurts so good? Yep! I definitely got my butt kicked in a good way! Upon arrival, we were given a monitor and strap to attach around our ribcage. It was cool to see how hard your body was working out compared to other people in the class. It told you what percentage of effort you were putting in, how many calories burned, your heart rate and other important details. The gym also has upbeat music playing during the workout so you don't even need your headphones. After we were done sweating it out in the gym, it was time to refuel at a nearby restaurant, which happened to be a super cute and healthy restaurant called Flower Child. Everything about this experience was amazing. From the staff, to the food, to the decor and the entire vibe of the culture. I love the way the menu is set up, you can order a bunch of sides or a salad with toppings, or a wrap or whatever you want. I tried the Flying Avocado wrap and a cup of kale, barley and mushroom soup. We were also given samples of Kombucha and yummy green or orange juices to try. They even have Kombucha on tap, which is pretty darn awesome if you ask me because I don't know any other establishment that does that! We were even sent home with a delicious lemon cake for dessert. I had to share this with my boyfriend, who couldn't make the event, to give him a taste of how amazing Flower Child's food really is! Next time that I'm looking for a lighter fare or maybe after a nice hike at Camelback, I will definitely return to Flower Child. It's the kind of food that fills you up without making you feel stuffed! What a perfect combination. Thanks to Yelp, Orange Theory Fitness and Flower Child for everything!
5	Out of shape or in shape, Yelp kicked our butts!   Yelpers were treated to a 60 minute class which included treadmill (power walking or running), rowing and various on floor exercises with a ball and bench.  A monitor was strapped to our chests to report the results which was pretty cool! I did better than I expected. For someone that goes to the gym 2 to 3 times a week, this one really kicked my butt and it was great to have trainer there to push your limit even when you don't want to.  My abs are sore, my legs felt like jelly and I feel asleep by 8 p.m. , thank you Eric, thank you.   The only thing I really wanted to find out, but didn't was how much are the classes.  I would consider doing a class maybe two times a month, if it was reasonable.  Flower Child, was really good and since it's not far from my house I will be going probably once a month.  The prices were reasonable for what you receive and the quality of the food is top notch.  I had steak, brown rice and the wild mushrooms with brussel sprouts..sounds really dull compared to other Yelpers' dishes, but it was really good.  The avocado hummus spread is to die for and I had to ask for more pieces of bread..can't waste! Thank you for the invite, it was a great event and more Yelp events should be like this...well maybe not all!
5	My Sunday Funday was working my butt off at OTF and treated to an amazing lunch at Flower Child.  The training routine was supercharged full-body workout, which I much needed. Eric, our Trainer had high level of passion to get the Yelpers in shape. Got some weights, rowing time, suspension systems (TRX), and playing with bouncing ball, sort of.  Wow, it was great to see so many rowing machines in  "orange" all in one place. A perfect way to compete on land. The other equipment were pretty basic and not difficult to use.  I can't wait to sign up for classes.  After an intense workout, what do you do next?  Well, It wouldn't be Yelp if eating wasn't involved after a workout. Flower Child literally opened the doors for us.  I know I was starving by then. They were so gracious to let us order any items on the menu. I ordered the Mix 'N Match three items with sweet corn & quinoa with greek yogurt, roasted brussels sprouts & wild mushroom, and sesame soba noodles with snap pea & mint. The sweet corn & quinoa  AHMAZINGGG!  I just can't get enough so returning back for more this weekend.  If you can't decide between hummus and guac, I guess you can have it both ways.  They brought us the avocado hummus dip with warm pitas to sample.  So Fantastic! The fresh pressed juices were great way to cleanse.  Fox Restaurant Concepts continue hiring great chefs and staffs.  Chef Zack, Manger Rob, and the entire staff are all about service and food, it shows!Thank you Lindsey, Yelp, Orange Theory, and Flower Child so much from the bottom of my heart!
5	I love this kind of events.  We got to try a new (to me) workout experience.  It was a lot of fun working out along side some cool fellow yelpers.  I am glad I started with cardio.  The second part of the workout was weights so my legs were a little wobbly afterwards.  Following our workout, we were invited to enjoy a meal at Flower Child.  I love, love this concept.   I had the chopped vegetable salad with steak.  It was delicious.  I sampled a bite of the avocado humus, also amazing.  They sent us home with a delicious little cake, I heard that from my husband and kids since I am on a no carbs diet for the moment.Thank you to Lindsey for putting yet another wonderful event in coordination with  Orange Theory Fitness and Flower Child.
5	Great event!  I enjoyed getting my butt kicked at Orange Theory Fitness.  I think more events like this should be scheduled.  Great job Lindsey!  My body is still hurting after 3 days, but that just reminds me of how great of a workout it was.  ! hour of hard HIT workouts to end my Sunday was much needed.The light bites at Flower Child ended up turning out better than I expected.  I expected small lite bites, but to my surprise we were able to choose anything from the menu!  How awesome is that!?!  I chose the rebel wrap and it was super delicious.  I also grabbed a bittersweet brownie that was mouth watering.  This place is fresh and the food & staff are wonderful.  I will defeinitly be returning to try more of the menu and to taste that bittersweet brownie again.  After we finished eating the chef brought us a small gift to take home.  One of their lemon cakes for dessert!  There was no way I was turning that one down.  I took it home to save it for a late night snack and it didn't disappoint when I finally ate it.I can't wait for more events like this.  I had a blast!Thank you Orange Theory Fitness and Flower Child for hosting, but most of all thank you Lindsey & Yelp for organizing the event!
5	This event lived up to it's name, we definitely got our butts kicked! I loved the opportunity to try a new workout. Orange Theory is based on interval workouts measured by your heart rate. I've used these type of monitors before, and really like them because I find it very motivating. Your status is displayed on a screen, so there's no cheating, and you're less likely to slack off. Our trainer was great, and was very helpful in making sure that you were performing the workouts properly to receive the best results. After an hour long workout we headed over to Flower Child and were told we could order anything off of the menu. I have been to Flower Child before, and this time I tried something new. I chose the pick 3 plate with roasted brussel sprouts & mushrooms, mac & cheese, broccoli & parmesan, and salmon for my protein.  Everything I ate was so delicious, cooked perfectly, and it was nice to not counteract my workout (well minus the mac & cheese).I enjoyed sampling their kombucha and fresh juices. I think kombucha might be an acquired taste, and I'm not quite there yet. The service here was wonderful, I loved being able to talk with the chef about the food. At the end of the event we were sent home with their awesome lemon olive oil cake, this is a must try. Thanks to Lindsey, Flower Child and Orange Theory for the fantastic experience!
5	This was a great Yelp Elite event. Mix of fun and ass whooping followed by delicious food. I had heard about Orange Theory but hadn't given a shot yet. Really enjoyed the workout and proud to say I burned more calories than I though possible (900). Orange Theory is interval based training and I'll provide a more complete review for them but if you like numbers, being tracked and doing exercise in a group environment it's definitely something I recommend.I had been to Flower Child previously and enjoyed it the first time and this time was no different. Fresh, great tasting food in a great decor that seems to be very family friendly. My favorite dish is the Flying Avocado, a wrap with grilled chicken, gouda cheese, romaine,  tomato, avocado and hummus. I look forward to going to be both again and really appreciate how Lindsay makes Yelp Elite events always unique and well organized.
