3	Big 5 Sporting Goods is your run of the mill sporting goods store.  They have more reasonable prices then Sports Challet and Sports Authority but their selection is sometimes lacking.  I mean due to the size restraint alone that Big 5's usually have they can't carry as much stuff as the other places.  That is also the charm of Big 5, whereas you would have to go through 3-4 people when at the other places, at Big 5 you deal with 1-2.  I think the associates are a little more inclined to take care of what you need as well.  An overall thumbs up for Big 5.
5	What they may sometimes lack in availability of products, they make up in customer service.  The associates have gone above & beyond on several occasions to accommodate me and make me happy.  This is simply way I am loyal to Big 5, especially this store.
3	First time visiting a Big 5  location since I moved to North Las Vegas from Seattle. Anyways, I entered the store looking for the Nike Hyper warm Hydro pull Hood for my younger brother. Before visiting any store I always find the item on the company's website and check to see if the nearest location has it in stock, so I can avoid having to purchase online. Well the 2020 W. Craig location said the item was in stock so I paid them a visit. When I asked for the item the associates there told me they didn't have it in stock anymore and explained to me that they might have shipped the items away until they would bring it back for winter. Although they said this, 1 of the 2 associates began to search for the item behind the register just to make sure they didn't have any laying around. So he looks for it and says "yeah man, looks like we don't have it" so I say thank you for checking and leave the store. As I make my way towards my car, just out of curiosity I pull out my phone, bring up the store location, search for the item and select find item location. The same location I was in still said "item in stock" so I go back in and speak to an employee who I assumed was the manager and showed him what was on my phone. He tells me the same thing and I as if he can find another location that might have it. He asked for the SKU # of the product and searched for it via the stores computer. He realizes that the very store we are standing in has 4 in stock. At this moment, another customer walks up and asks to get his foot measured so the manager helps him and tosses my problem to the associate next to him who was there listening the whole time. So she begins to look again around the register where they keep all their hyper warm gear and low and behold she finds it stacked between some nike shooting sleeves. I laugh at how the first associate that searched for it gave little to no effort in moving all the items away to search for it. I thank the associate right away and I purchase the item. If it wasn't for her effort in pulling out each item and thoroughly searching through every item, I would have waited a week for the item to ship via online purchase. I've worked In retail before and If I let a customer wait that long for an item that we had all along they would have been pretty pissed or made some rude remark. But I didn't because I've been there and it makes you feel really bad when someone berates you or insults you. Just an advice to the first associate, put some effort into searching for an item. Just don't give up right away. Thanks for reading everybody!!
1	these pigs in corporate office  set the price of 69.99 for a box of 550 round federal .22lr ammo which is $23 dollars at walmart. you pigs take advantage of the market place i pray to god your stores go out of business!
