5	You know that you have had great customer service when you start raving about an experience buying a car battery.  In fact Jay was so helpful that I decided to go back the next day and get another new battery for another car.They have a great selection of whatever you need, and will clearly explain what is best to fix your problem.  There is an option to have them replace your factory batteries with longer lasting bigger charges at reasonable prices.Check them out if you need a battery for anything!
5	I was having problems with my external hard drive because it wouldn't power up. I wasn't sure if it was the hard drive itself that was failing or the voltage adapter, which had shorted out. I took it to the Geek Squad at Best Buy, where I originally bought it. They wanted to charge $150.00 to pull it apart and extract the data. They supposedly didn't have a plug to check to see if it would power up. Then I took it to PC Laptops and they told me the same thing, only it would cost me $80.00 to pull it apart. They referred me to Batteries Plus to get a new adapter and I am so glad they did.Now, before I went to Batteries Plus I went to two different Radio Shacks - one at Galleria Mall and one on Eastern by Wal-Mart. They both tried to power up my hard drive with a universal voltage adapter, but nothing really happened except for a tiny flicker on the indicator light on the front. At the second Radio Shack the guy had an attitude and seemed like he didn't want to be bothered. At Batteries Plus, I was told they didn't have universal voltage adapters in stock and they were on order. I was about to give up and leave, but my friend suggested I go back in to find out how much they were when they did come in and if there was another location in town I could go to.The sales guy who eventually helped me, Alex, was extremely helpful. He seemed genuinely glad to help me out. He was the only person out of everyone I asked who bothered to take a good look at my hard drive. He even sold me the only adapter they had behind the counter for their own personal use. After calling the store on Flamingo, he just asked for them to send some of their adapters till they got their stock in. He tried the new adapter and I thought it could have been the hard drive after all when it failed to power up again. However, another sales guy plugged the USB into his laptop along with the new adapter. We saw that everything was fine and it powered up without a hitch.I'm very happy with the service I received and would recommend Batteries Plus to anyone. :-)
5	My first experience was great purchasing a hard to find product--THEY HAD IT IN STOCK. My second experience was even more rewarding. SERVICE with a smile, which is so hard to find. Tested my product to diagnose the problem, double checked the charger to make sure it was working then repaired the product-NO LABOR CHARGE-Ok so then also advised that the product he had would work for another charger but advised against the purchase as other options might be better! SERVICE with a smile.Frank and his team go beyond the average. When everywhere you go, it is ho hum, do it yourself shopping and service, the experience was refreshing. wait it was more than refreshing, it was unusual to get treated and appreciated as a customer.Thank you Frank and Batteries Plus.
4	I wasn't too ecstatic about having to buy a new car battery but I was happy they were open early enough for me to stop in.  They are located right off of Eastern and the 215.  You can see the front of the store from Eastern so it was easy to find.  Parking here isn't too abundant but since i was there early in the morning, there wasn't any issue.  They have batteries for every need...  watches, laptops, cars, motorcycles and more.   Luckily they had the battery I needed for my car.  Plus it came with a great warranty that can be used at any Batteries Plus location.  I was pleased with that for sure! Customer service here was good but not great.  I wish the man helping me had a little more of a sense of humor.  Either he didn't understand my jokes or he was just ignoring me.  Either way,...  just humor me and smile at least.   Overall they provided me with what I needed and was happy I was back in a working vehicle.
4	I've been getting very stingy with my star ratings lately...but Batteries Plus definitely deserve 4 stars.I called on Friday afternoon, looking for an external cell phone charger, and an extra cell phone battery for my Galaxy S 3.  (My phone's charging port is broken and WILL not charge at all.)I spoke to Chris, who told me that yes, they do carry both items that I'm looking for, and that he was there till 8:30pm.I had a little trouble finding the place, only because I didn't realize that it was called "Batteries + Bulbs."  After another quick phone call, I found it.Chris was there, and grabbed the charger and a battery, and opened them to make sure that they both worked.He asked about the issue with my phone, and mentioned (not a hard upsell, just a mention) that for an extra $10, I could get an extended life battery for the phone...which would be PERFECT for my fella, who was going to be at EDC all weekend...better to have an extended life battery than no battery!Chris gave me a discount, since I bought both items at the same time, and while it was a little spendy, its going to save me from having to get a new phone before my upgrade time.  I highly recommend batteries plus.  They were friendly, prices were fair, and they had what I needed.
1	I went here for a motorcycle battery and the guy at the counter was absolutely relentless in attempting to sell me a much more expensive one. At first I explained that I really only needed a cheap one and thanked him for his advice. He responded with "I never give advice, I just provide information!". Then he became extremely testy and said that he just couldn't believe that I would decide on the lessor battery. Frankly, I simply wanted procure an inexpensive battery not a ration of this knuckleheads' hostile attitude.In all fairness the lessor battery does work fine, However, next time I'll buy my batteries elsewhere.
4	Great customer service. So far I've been here a few times and the staff is always very friendly. On my first visit I purchased a new cell phone battery because mine was shot. I really like the warranty program and that it is linked to my phone number. So far I've had the battery for a few weeks and I'm very happy with it. Not to mention pretty reasonable prices. I've gone back another time looking for something else. They actually didn't have it (wireless charging dock) but staff was a very friendly & informative. This is definitely my first stop when I need batteries or similar. The store is very easy to find & get to despite being located on Eastern.
1	Hello Frank,If your manager "Eddie" is so very eager to communicate with me, then I would respectfully suggest that he puts forth the minimal effort to contact me himself (rather than assign one of his underlings with the task of requesting that I be the one to get in touch with him). I would also sincerely recommend that "Eddie" utilizes the Yelp message center to send me any personal messages that he wishes to convey.....Thank you
