5	My friend went into the store a few semesters back and rented some books. Apparently he saved nearly $300 on a couple of books. I was astounded! Way too good to be true! So I went in myself and discovered I was wrong.. the place is very much legitimate and the claim is true. They save you tons of money on your college textbooks!
2	If you're trying to sell your books you're better off selling them at the end of the semester back to the bookstore on campus or even keeping your books than selling them here. The owner offered me 5 bucks for my Psych book because he said they already had too many. I took the book back to school and they gave me 25. I also used their website to search ISBNS to see book values, I had a book worth $50 yet when I brought it to the store he wouldnt accept it! Dont sell your books here.
2	I gave them my class schedule, I rented the books. One book I did not need. I went back to returned it (1week after) the manager did not want to give my money back. Be careful!!! Or they we'll get your money this way.
5	The manager was friendly, and helped to resolve any issues that I encountered.He gives excellent customer service!! Care-plus!! Highly recommended.
5	Wow! The employees were very helpful and friendly. I needed a book cheaper than what was at the school. You will find what you need here and it'll be significantly cheaper. Especially as a young student, this was a sweet surprise.
1	I have had such a difficult time with this business. I ordered my books a week and a half ago, as I do not live in Vegas and needed my books before the start of the semester. I found it odd that I never got a shipping confirmation, so I decided to call them. When I called they informed me that my books had not been shipped because they did not have the books. Then someone else came on the phone and told me that they had not shipped them, becaude only two people in the store know what they are doing and everyone else is new. When I asked why I was not informed that they had not shipped them, he told me thwt they have too much other stuff to do. I informed him my classes start the 25th of August and if I do not have the books, I will fail. He said they will expadite ship them and not charge me the extra for it. Today I looked in my bank account to see I was charged for the books and the original shipping, but I still have yet to recieve a shipping conformation. I called a half hour before they close today and no one answered. I will never deal with this company again.
3	DON'T buy from their online site. They may not have the books in stock. They also don't answer phone calls because "they're busy." They also don't answer their emails. I suggest you do a side by side comparisons with the CSN Bookstore and Amazon (or wherever you get your textbooks) before going here. All I ask from them is to at least answer my emails about canceling my order. This was resolved when I actually went in store to only find out they don't have it in stock and closed the item for me. Therefore, only go here if you are positive that they're the cheapest because Renttext is NOT always cheaper than their competitors. They also work best if you actually visit them in store. Otherwise, they are helpful in that aspect.
