4	This place is a great find for the AYCE (all you can eat) sushi lovers out there. The restaurant has a great selection for both lunch and dinner and the price is pretty decent as well. The sushi was all really good and they don't try and fill you up with a whole bunch of rice.I would recommend this place to anyone that enjoys a good AYCE sushi meal from time to time
4	It's a good place to try out. Their 13$ all you can eat in the afternoon is decent but a little too salty for my taste. The service is slightly slow and they are under staffed for what they promote. There desert (ice cream) is very good, try red bean ice cream you will not regret it, unless your allergic.
4	Good and affordable sushi buffet; for $14.99 on lunch time you have a wide selection of items to choose from, and vetegetarian options as well. The food tastes fresh and is salty but good. Service was fairly quick on a weekday at lunch time. A buffet I will go back to, certainly.
5	Greetings Sushi lover, I am not use to write often,  but when i see a good place i want others to enjoy it too.This place opens at 11 am in saturday and sunday too. The red tuna is out of this word. The sashimi mels in your mouth. If you go there you muist try the eel, the spicy sammon and the dumpling nothing like you have teated anywhere. service is excellent fast, even when they busy.  There,  everyone with a big smile. If you are first time sushi eater, they will explain everything to you it is really that good pure japnaness sushi. Nothing less than perfect.Children are welcomed there.Please let me know your opnion, when you get around trying them.
5	I am very glad I've found this place. I called in for a reservation for the same night. Service was prompt and good. I love how they explain which sushi is which when they bring it to you, because a lot of AYCE sushi doesn't care about that anymore. The place was spacious and clean. The selection of side order, sushi and sashimi was really nice. The tataki beef was one of the best I ever had. Sushi was made to order and fresh. Their green tea was delicious. Ice cream was also fresh and yummy. They also have a loyalty card which give you a stamp for every person at your table on the same card! AWESOME! I will be coming back for sure! Also, I believe that I saw somewhere on their website that you eat for free on your birthday! EXTRA AWESOME!
5	Very nice place, one of the best all you can eat sushi place in Montreal.
5	Best sushi in montreal! So cheap for all you can eat and sooo good :) i come here all the time. Staff is very nice too!!
4	This was great sushi, and the prices were phenomenal- 14.99 for AYCE lunch, which includes salmon and white tuna sashimi! That is great. My only beef is that while they dont overstuff with rice (rare for AYCE), they dont give a lot of fish in their rolls. They tend to put more veggies, or tempura bits, rather than the salmon. Also, their service leaves more to be desired.However, in terms of variety, cleanliness, and quality of their rolls, I was VERY impressed! I will definitely return
4	Good food and good service but they will have to give the right orders because we didnt order many rolls with rice but they end up giving other people order with a lot of rolls.Also soft drink was included on previous visit at this restaurant but seems on last saturdays the waiter say no and it will be charge.I might going to give a last try and it will be it...
2	The salmon was not fresh, the dim sum was crazy sad looking, and they have a tendency to use too much oil when cooking. Not impressive quality at all. Will not go back there again.
4	As a student, finding reasonable prices for lunch is always a plus. This place is quite far out of downtown Montreal if you don't have a car, but it is worth the trek. Good quality and fresh sushi and a great price of 13.99 for the all-you-can-eat menu (plus a 10% student discount!) Recommend trying the red bean ice cream for dessert.
1	They should rename the place Montreal Fried Sushi!We went there yesterday and this was one of my top 10 worse restaurant experiences ever! And misleading on price, too! The website says that the price for dinner from Monday to Thursday is $21.99 but we were charged $23.99. The waitress told us that the price changed 2 years ago. 2 years ago and you can't change your web site?See the page in question: http://www.sushiplus.ca/Images/2.pdf* I have news for them: a website is easy to update.Even in the printed material inside the restaurant, the to-go menu, it is $21.99 -- the only thing we could find is a paste over outside that mentions the new price. But of course, when you already looked at the website, you just walk in...Also:- LOTS of fried stuff, greasy greasy greasy! The only sushi we relatively liked was the Kamikaze, but don't expect red tuna (one of the most expensive sushi fish), they put salmon instead. Two other rolls we had were fried and greasy, and saucy, almost junk food...- Low quality choices. The only red tuna I could find was on a sashimi and of course, the rice ball was big but the fish was so the thinnest I ever saw, lol. And no matter the roll descriptions you read, it pretty much always boils down to crab-roll, tempura shrimps and salmon with some variations of the rest.- Another disappointment is that we only inquired about what appetizers the waitress liked, inquired, yes! And she started choosing for us a bunch of greasy appetizers. Since we have to eat everything (or be charged), I protested that she was ordering too much of that stuff, but she argued that it wasn't much, so we sort of agreed, therefore we ended up with fried veggies, very-fried chicken (and there was a lot), fried tofu, fried and oily dumplings, etc. We had no choice but to eat all that junk or we would have had to pay for it. :( I am unsure if it is a misunderstanding (maybe she is used to choosing stuff for some consumers) or if it was part of a strategy to stuff us with less expensive things. Tofu is less expensive than fish, isn't it?- Also, on a side note, there was no soap in the men's room, which I always interpret as a sign of carelessness -- and how do the chefs clean their hands before returning to work if there is no soap in the restroom?In the end, with the surprise $23.99 price per person (instead of the advertised $21.99), the sake plus tax and tip and despite our $5 rebate (The to-go menu has a $5 coupon off per table), we still paid more than $70 for a party of two, for a disappointing experience. It's sad when you think that, for $5 to $10 more, we could have had a great sushi moment at one of the normal (not AYCE) places we usually go to.The only positive note is that the staff was rather friendly, but all the rest was a  disappointment.Before that, I had always resisted trying all-you-can-eat sushi because I suspected that they can't make quality in an AYCE sushi concept, but we decided to try it because of others saying they liked it. It turned out the place was visited mostly by young males looking to stuff themselves... that's the whole point here, that is what this is all about: STUFFING. Don't go there if you want a good sushi experience. If I could put half a star, I would...The ever-lasting rule is still true: There is no such thing as a free lunch. If they give you a lot, they have to cut somewhere, there is no magic...
1	Without any exaggeration- this place serves some of the worst sushi I have ever eaten. Given the fact that we have tried many other AYCE sushi places as well as the finer establishments over the years, we went with low expectations to give this place a chance.  We were even terribly disappointed after setting the bar quite low. The sushi is extremely thin and the rice is so poorly made it's as though it was the chef's first day making it. Everything is extremely salty and the spicy salmon/tuna have perhaps a minute trace of meat (we didn't see or taste any) and consists wholly of the rice crispies. The only saving grace was the small slices of fried banana, even the ice-cream was obviously low quality.If you have any problems with blood pressure- the sodium content here will send your pulse through the roof.Skip this place- there are far better AYCE sushi places. I am very surprised why it received any favourable ratings.
5	Food and fresh and clean, very nice deco, kind and friendly stuff, eat all you can with a very reasonable rate, my favourite
5	This all you can eat sushi restaurant is definetly a hidden gem. It's a good place for just 2 people or large groups. The sushi is fresh and they have a much better selection in comparison to others restaurants. The service is quick, but not too quick so it's enjoyable. They also have food as part of their all you can eat menu which is good if youbhave friends who aren't sushi fans. Must-trys: kamikaze, honey sushi, sweet potato tempura and sesame balls.
