2	Brand new Wild Wing that a friend took me to.  The one thing this location has over the others is:  it is actually an okay location and it is clean.  Of course it is brand new.  It is a cookie cutter of the others.  You pretty much know what you are going to get when you walk in...  For me, it is the overdone, over promised, under delivered product once again.  Mediocre at best food driven by cold beer.Servers were trying their best and I do give them a big thumbs up for trying... being it is new and all.I am sure they will find their place in the market.
4	I prefer BW3 for this same kind of experience, but this place is ok. This branch is brand new, as William S indicated, so it's clean and the staff has that squeaky, newly trained feel that's kind of nice the first few times you go to a place. The beer is cold, the fries are salty and crispy, and the games are on. It's what you'd expect from this kind of sports bar/chicken wing shilling establishment. It's not my scene exactly, but they do what they do well.
3	I attended Wild Wing Cafe on a thursday evening and did not have to wait for a table.   I was with two other people and we chose to eat in the non-smoking section.  Unfortunately, there really isn't a difference between the non and smoking areas because we were accosted with cigarette smoke throughout our meal.  If smoke REALLY offends you, I would recommend you ask the host/hostess to seat you in the far corner of the non-smoking section.I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap and the chicken was extremely HOT.  Now, I enjoy spicy buffalo wings but the chicken in the wrap caused me to choke a bit from the intense heat.  The fries were good and the prices are very reasonable.I don't plan on going back because heavy cigarette smoke and game-watching are not my idea of good night out.
1	I have been to the WW in Asheville I Guess more than 30 times always great food service and drinks. BUT... there is something about The WW At this location and one other it seems like it must be KFC.      IT all started about 230pm I guess I had passed by this location a few times but, decided to stop. They had a all u can eat wing and soup I think (I am trying to forget). FIRST THE SERVER DID NOT HAVE A CLUE. So I get to the buffet line 4 dried out wings and no soup. I stopped 2 employees and asked about the food they looked at me like I was from MARS...I and I guess 4 people waited for wings nothing came out. I LEFT 3 dollars on the table for the tea and was out of there. I CALLED THE PLACE a few moments later and spoke with a bartender who sounded like he was on crack that said he was 'in charge right now"HE kept repeating over and over what I was saying so there must have been some sort of medication... issue so I hung up.           I called their Corp office and spoke with "David" who said he was a district manager he said the bartender should not have been in charge and laughed about it   ????After he tried to sweep it under the rug he invited me to another location and told me it would be better and after about 3 weeks sent me a letter with a gift card..          So after about a month I was stuck in traffic pulled off and decided to give then one more chance... NOT goin to go into the terrible service while there you can message me if anyone wants details.. Anyway got wings to go got home opened the bag and a ROACH CRAWLED OUT DAMM. !!!!!! I called the CORP GUY and he said there is no bugs in that store...I ASKED HIM THEN WHAT JUST CRAWLED OUT A CHICKEN WING? Again he invited me to the location on Ardslye his FLAGSHIP LOCATION NOT ANY BETTER I GAVE UP ON WILD WINGS IN THIS AREA  9
3	We like the Spartanburg, SC location.  Good food and pleasant, but inexperienced staff.
5	What an all-around great place to go! My buddies and I go here often to watch football, go for Tuesday trivia nights, or just for a casual lunch. Also makes for a great casual date if you're dating the type of girl that's into wings and sports!The wing selection can't be beat... they've got about 20-25 different sauces. I like BWW, but the selection here is much more complete. I'm one of those people who enjoys extremely hot food, so my choices in sauce may be different from yours; I typically go for Habanero Hots or Chernobyl, or at mildest the Hot. Anything else to me is boring, but everyone's different. If you want to try the Braveheart, I would request just one to start with. I could put down a few of them but definitely not a dozen of them. They are VERY hot.I am somewhat of a wing purist but I have heard great things about the boneless wings. The few times I've had other things on the menu, they've always been good quality-- chili, burgers, etc.Great beer specials too; this location has been doing $3 Sweetwater draughts for a while now (Sweetwater Blue and 420), which is usually what I go for.Definitely stop in and give it a shot; one of the best wing places in Charlotte.
3	Wild Wing Cafe -University is a lunch spot for my co-workers and I on group lunches.  They offer a wing bar that has 6 or 7 different wing flavors and celery (ranch/blue cheese).Today, the wings were pretty tasty, but the bar was looking a bit sparse at times.  Almost had to keep an eye on when they were refilling the flavors to make sure you can get up there in time before they were all snatched up.Some of our crew ordered from the menu, and it seemed like their food took forever to come out.  They said it was pretty tasty though - I dunno if it was worth the wait.This place is hit or miss on service.  It can be really good on days and sometimes you'd almost have to be one of those air traffic controllers on an aircraft carrier the way your arms have to flag someone down.
4	Best wings I've had around the area so far
3	Every once in a while, I'll get a "hankering" for wings & want the variety that only Wild Wing Cafe offers.Luckily, this location is the closest one to me.My favorite wings are lemon pepper, wild west, red, hot & bleu, ranchilada, & island jerk.The employees here aren't the best, they're not very attentive. Even trying to be seated, you can't find anyone to seat you.The layout of the restaurant is spacious, I never feel cramped.
4	I have been to all the Wild Wing Cafe locations, and this one is by far the best. Needless to say we ordered the wings. Along with that, we ordered the House Chips... SO, why was it better?Well, the wings were perfectly done and still hot when they got to the table. The house chips were COMPLETELY cooked and crisp (unlike the other two locations where they seem to be oily and soft). Our waitress (Samantha) was great... she checked back with us several times for drinks... and followed up on the quality of the food immediately. Overall, a good experience and we will go back.
4	Went to Wild Wings for the first time back in May for a meal of wings. They were offering Tuesday buy wings, get free wings.. My roommates and I had them and we all enjoyed them. The service was slow, but the wings were well seasoned and the bbq wings I had were great.
2	The only reason it didn't get a 1 star is because I enjoyed the waiters and the drinks here are pretty good. Other than that nothing special. I ordered the onion rings as an appetizer only to get 6 huge rings with tons of batter and oil. The batter wasn't that great either as it was coated with some spices and a good amount of Monosodium Glutamate (MSG).I then ordered the Philly Cheese Burger. It's sort of a mix between a Philly Cheese Steak and a Hamburger. The burger itself wasn't bad. The let down in the burger was it was pretty expensive for a burger (which wasn't even that big.) I think I should have just stuck with the wings, but that's it. I don't think I will come here to eat again, but to drink with friends I will be back (even though the prices are a little expensive for day to day hang out.)
4	I used to go to Wild Wing Cafe all the time when I lived in Southwest Charlotte.  I LOVED their food, atmosphere, and prices, plus it was close to home.  Since moving, though, I hardly get an opportunity to experience Wild Wing anymore.  There's this one in the University area now, though, and I've gone there only a couple of times on my lunch hour.  Why only a couple?  Mainly the wait time.  Both times (once probably 2 years ago and once just this week) I've gone there during lunch, the restaurant was practically empty, and we still had to wait 30-35 minutes for our meals after ordering.  Seriously?  Did the cook not show up?  Is he/she still hung over from the night before?  Everything on their menu can probably be cooked in 5-10 minutes.  Maybe it's time to hire some new cooks?On the positive side, I was very impressed by their expanded menu.  I already thought they had an extensive menu before with lots of fantastic choices, but now Wild Wing has even more goodies to choose from.  I went with an old standby, though:  "Chicken Feathers" (grilled chicken fingers) with China Syndrome sauce (mmm...spicy!).  You can get either fries with your feathers, or celery and blue cheese.  But you *cannot* get fries AND the blue cheese (for the spicy chicken) without paying an additional 50 cents.  And don't even try to request another tiny cup of extra sauce.  That'll be another 50 cents, please!  Luckily, I've learned my lesson over the years, and Wild Wing does a pretty good job of coating their chicken with sauce anyway.  My partner ordered the Bleu Cheese Basil Burger.  He said it was one of the most amazing burgers he ever had, so I tried a bite of it.  He was right.  It was amazing and SO full of flavor.  Italian marinade, crumbled blue cheese, and basil mayo = freakin' fantastic.  I guess most people who go there at lunch go for the all-you-can-eat chicken wing bar.  Some dribbled in as we waited for our orders.  I overheard someone stop one of the servers to remind her that the bar needed restocking as well.  Seriously, what's up with the kitchen at this location?  Shouldn't management be all over this?  I'd love to frequent Wild Wing more often at lunchtime, but I'm pretty soured on having to take an hour and a half for my lunch break just because the cooks can't grill some chicken and fry some fries in less than 30 minutes?  I can understanding waiting if the restaurant is busy, but when there's only 2 or 3 tables filled in your huge restaurant, come on...Menu selection - 5 starsService - 4 starsFood quality/taste - 5 starsWait time - 1 star
4	Stopped in here late Saturday night for some drinks with the crew.  They quickly accomodated 15 of us around 10:30pm at night.  They were busy, but not too crowded and there was a live band playing on the stage mostly 90's stuff, but occasional current covers.  There's nothing unique about this place because it's a chain and it's a sports bar, but we really had a great night there.  Our waitress said she was really busy and a little overwhelmed, but I thought she did fine!  She was quick and very attentive.  I had a Coors Light and ordered the wings "hot."  All drinks and food orders seemed to come out quickly and there was quite a variety between chicken tenders, nachos, LITs, shots, and the sort.  All were quite happy with their choices and the service was great too.
3	This place is ok. I had the ginger wings and it was surprisingly good. When it come to me it looked plain but it was full of flavor. I also had the potato skin with bacon and cheese and when I picked it up the oil literally came dripping out like an open faucet. This place does not really stand out in my opinion. It is unremarkable. No different from any other wing joint but the food is good.
2	Let me start off by saying that my rating is only applicable to this location only.  I have been to Wild Wings all over the southeast and they are fantastic.  That being said, this one was terrible.  We ordered the hot shots, big fat fries covered in cheese and wings.  The hot shots were ok, the fries looked like someone sneezed some cheese on them, and the wings were luke warm.  I almost sent them back but I didn't has anyone ever seen the movie "Waiting" yeah....I don't send food back.  I went home and within 24 hours was experiencing...gastrointestinal disturbances.  Needless to say, I will not be going back to this location.  The only reason they didn't get one star is that the service was timely and the wait staff were pleasant.
3	This is a pretty much American Food average place.  Nothing really to shout about.  They do have karaoke on Wednesday and also have other events like live music, beer pong, poker and other miscellaneous events throughout the week.  The place could be amplified if they had better drink specials in my opinion, something the place lacks.  They have a pretty big patio too, so some outdoor events would be nice to make the place more lively at night.  Food is hit or miss in my experience.  Fried pickles were horrible, but the nachos and fried mushrooms were off the chain.  Good college hangout or a place for local apartment people.  Just an average joint in my opinion.  Too many of these chain places in Charlotte already...
2	Went with a group of 8 on a Friday (today) 4 adults, 4 kids. Place was not full, maybe 70% of tables had people so sat right down.  waitress was nice and pretty good, a little slow with napkins and silverware though.  Seemed she was used to serving drinkers.  She recommended a good beer that was not on the list.My gripes:--kitchen ssooooo slow.  Our kids are pretty well behaved for elementary schoolers and they were saying, loudly, how hungry they were after 30 minutes after we ordered.  Finally food came... just the kids stuff!  ADult food came about 5 minutes later.  Food was hot though, so I don't put any blame on the waitress.  --kids meals are *small*. The oldest kids were 9, and they were still starving after they ate everything.  And these are not big kids, just normal average weight kids.  The 6 year olds were still hungry.  Goods:--waitress, as mentioned--food was good at least.  I had the veggie quesadilla though, which says black beans on the menu, and there were not ANY black beans in the thing.  Not one.  It was warm though and pretty good.
2	Sorry WWC, had to downgrade you from 3 stars to 2.  If you go here for lunch, be prepared to wait a super long time for the food/service.   I don't know if it is been because we have gone when the place was short-staffed or not, but it seems to be a continuing trend (has happened 3 times now).  The only really good thing is the lunch wing buffet and you can get your food right away.Granted we only have 1hr for lunch, but when you spend the 40mins of the hour waiting on food, you end up shoving the food into you so you can't really enjoy it.Poor server seemed to be cooking the food as well since she would disappear for long stents at a time.  You are still on my radar WWC, but you are on the short list to be ousted from our lunch options up here in the University area. :(
3	Good food - wings, hot shots, etc.. Service leaves some to be desired - depending on when you go.  There's some great servers for tables.  Bar definitely could use servers who enjoy their job more and people more.  They tend to talk only to the other servers - pretty annoying for travelers.
5	Love this place. Never have had a bad experience here. The staff is great and the manager is a real friendly guy. Mile High nachos has to be my favorite appetizer and the wings...well they are pretty dang good.
1	Came in for lunch at 11:45am with nobody to greet us at the door. Sat down to a sticky table. Ordered 6 each of ragin cajin and lemon zest, but all 12 wings tasted the same. They were also dripping with oil and soggy. I asked for a wet nap because of the excess oil dripping all over me, and the waitress only brought a single wet napkin. Worthless, flavorless, dirty, nasty, poor service. Would not recommend.
5	My favorite wing joint with about 34 different sauces to choose from. Fried shrooms and ranch dressing are great too. Live entertainment so it's pretty noisey.
4	$4 Margaritas and Tuesday night trivia! Can't go wrong there!
4	The chicken club salad is by far the best salad I've ever had anywhere...and at a chain restaurant that's saying something. Order the hot shots, these are a spicy sausage fritter. They are excellent. Great flavor, great spice.
4	Love this place. Different flavor wings from mild to wings from hell. Cold beers good drinks and the food is really good. Always fun great music I highly recommend this place if you're in the area...
2	It used to be good. But recently the quality plummeted badly. I don't wanna eat here again! Tasteless wings. Bad servers. Nothing is good about this place now!
