4	This place is great. It is very clean and the staff is very nice and accommodating. Every time I walk out I am completely satisfied with the work.
3	The actual pedicure was great but when I went to pay, they charge an extra dollar to use your debit/credit card and only take cash for a tip.  It was pricier than other places to begin, then the inconvenience with the payment makes my decision of not returning easy.
4	I love this place! They get four stars only because they charge an extra $1 if you aren't paying with cash. Oh yeah, and you can't add the tip to the card!? Craziness. So as long as you remember to go to the ATM first, this place is awesome. Clean, nice massaging pedicure chairs, and super nice staff! I showed up just as they were closing and they still rushed me back to get my eyebrows done. Hooray! They needed it, lol. And even though they were closing, the girl didn't do a rush job, and topped it off with their standard temple and neck rub to boot. Thanks so much!
5	I have been going to this nail place for at least 11 years.  It is clean as can be.  Beautifully decorated.  The staff are always very professional and do a great job.  I always leave completely satisfied and can't wait to return as it is a nice experience.  My husband goes for his pedicure too.  The first time he went he was kicking and screaming but after the first time he also can't wait to go back.   They treat him like a KING!  Actually there are lots of guys that go to this nail salon.  Can't recommend this nail place enough.  They also do waxing.
4	My mother and I decided to go here for her 1st mani/pedi ever.This place looks like youre little-fancier-than-basic nail salon. It was very clean and bright.We were able to sit next to each other in our pedicure chairs. I had a gentleman working on me, he was great. Ive had several manicures and this one was up there w/ the really good ones. I got the basic but he still used hot stones on my legs and feet. **Ive you've never had this done, do it. Itll probably cost extra but it feels amazing.Then it was over to the tables for my mani. My guy worked quickly and efficiently and I was done in no time. He even complimented me on my nail color choice!My Mom had an older lady who seemed to be really taking her time. I was done w/ a great mani/pedi about 35 minutes before she was. The prices here are comparable to other salons, but if youre specifically looking for a place in the Dana Park area, Id recommend them.
3	They are pretty good. Some times you have to really pay attention to make sure they do a good job. I really like Trina or Fawn. They up charge you for using your credit card, which I'm not sure is legal....
5	This place is great! I've been to a few different nail places, but always end up coming back here. The people are friendly, the place is clean & relaxing & they do the best job ever! I'm a little picky when it comes to the way my nails look & they have always done them perfectly! I've gotten fake nails put on, and taken off as well as gel manicures and pedicures. They're superb & even though I now live 20 minutes away, I'll keep driving back. I've been going here for 10 years & I have no plans on changing any time soon!
5	Great pedicures!!! Love the staff and very reasonable prices. I would totally recommend this place and will be back!
4	This salon is always clean and everyone is super friendly. They give a great pedicure too. My only complaint is that sometimes you wait a LONG time, even with an appointment. You're just as well off going as a walk in.
3	First time visiting...the shop itself was nice, clean, very spa like. The staff was nice. I didnt have to wait long and i like the fact that they give you a price book so you didnt have to guess how much you would end up paying. But my polish job was not so great. They didn't put enough coats on so both my toes and nails have see thru spots. Also, I would assume nail shops keep up with the current nail trends, I asked for the oval round shape and the guy who did mine acted like he had never heard such a thing, needless to say,  they came out a bit uneven. For one basic mani, one deluxe mani, and one full set with gel coat for protection, I paid $90. I most likely will not be visiting again.
2	I have been to many nail salons in the area and I was very disappointed in this one. $25 is a lot for a basic pedicure. They did a terrible job painting my toe nails, it isn't that hard to paint nails. Their massage chairs have no padding between the massagers and the chair so it was very uncomfortable. I only went there because a friend wanted to for her birthday. I would rather spend my $25 elsewhere and get a job well done. On the up side the people that worked there were very friendly.
4	First time last Saturday.   Really pleased with quality of gel manicure and pedi, however very pricey.   Nice salon.
1	Seriously the worst interaction with owner. I am on vacation and decide to get mani/pedi. Halfway through I realize that I left my credit card holder where I was staying on Tempe. I ASKED 2 of the techs to check out my purse since my nails were wet. Neither found it. I immediately told my guy who IGNORED me. Then the other lady calls owner to tell her I won't pay. The owner begins to accuse me of intentionally going in there to steal her services and not pay. She wants me to leave my IPhone while I go get money. She keeps telling me by yelling I'm lying. Mind you, $30 (from my wallet is on counter). I call a friend who is on her way over to pay. Meanwhile owner calls cops (not kidding). Cops listen to her rant then point out that if I was intentionally planning to rip them off I would NOT be sitting inside calmly reading a magazine. Owner kept saying "She lie. She lie." Cop said I can't do anything about it. She can leave now without paying and you can't do anything. My friend came, paid and we went to the movies. At least I have a great vacation story. When I move back I will find a new nail place. Overpriced and zero customer service. Truly the worst place ever.
1	I decided to try this place. Everyone was friendly however I would never go back.  I got the worst fungus in my fingernail.
5	I literally had the best pedicure ever. The man was kind, gentle, took his time, and did a great job. The massage felt good. He was amazing!!
