5	My son's first visit went great, he was very nervous but they took the time to guide him through everything.
5	Customer service is key
5	I took my son here for his first dental visit. The place is totally geared toward children and they really take great effort to make them feel more comfortable. The waiting area had coloring books/table as well as little cars for toddlers to drive. There was no one there when we arrived so we didn't experience any chaos in the kiddie area. The dentist was nice and to the point, there is not a whole lot to do for a 1 year olds first visit! Anyhow Dr. Villanueva was kind and patient and the exam was fast. My son did cry for a moment but that did not pose a problem. The nurse was also very kind and the admin staff was super nice. My son received a toothbrush, tooth paste and a little prize at the end of the visit. all of my questions were answered to my satisfaction. The printed paperwork were professional forms and were easy to use. There we no insurance issues at all. I received a receipt at the end of the visit as well as a follow up email. Overall: Excellent.Possible Cons: They do have videos playing in the lobby. I personally do not allow my 1 year old to watch TV or videos yet but this could be an issue for some. They also had music playing that was "alternative" in genre; again this may not be an issue for most but just thought I wold mention it.
1	Avoid avoid. I have been taking my kid here since they opened. I manage a large doctors office myself and I expect to be called with a reminder call about my appts. I asked for a Saturday appt. for my child, and was told they were over a month out on having one available. I said ok, put me down. I was given a date and time on a Saturday several weeks out. I asked Rebecca the receptionist to please call me to remind me about the appt, since it was so far away. She stated she would. Well that Saturday came and went, and I forgot all about the appt. I called back about a week later and asked Rebecca why she had never called me. She said they only do reminder calls for mon-friday appts. but not Saturday appts. What the??????? Who does that. I asked to re-schedule right away as I had already waited 1.5 months. She told me the next available Saturday would be another 1.5 months away. I said, I had already waited 1.5 months and could not wait a total of 3 months to get my child seen. She said she would ask the doctor to make an exception to get me in sooner, since I had already waited so long for the first appt. and was never given the standard confirmation call. He said no. He said that I would still have to wait an additional 1.5 months. Very snotty, unprofessional. Who does that. Customer service is what keeps businesses in business and this business apparently thinks that this is not an important element in their practice. It should be the NUMBER 1 element in their practice. I have asked for, and still not received, my child's dental records as we will now be going to Cooper Family Dentistry in Gilbert, where I called up and was offered an appt. the following Saturday for both me and my child. Now THAT'S customer care and doing what's right. Sorry kidiatric dental you just lost a long time patient over stupid office policies and ineptness from both you and your staff. Don't go here. They don't give two cr%ps about you or your family.
