5	Dr. Turner and her practice took really good care of me through out a complicated pregnancy. Her nurse is also very nice and will call you back about any concerns, even if you call later in the day. I had a C section again this time and while I wish the office supported VBACS, that is a rare find in this town. i had my share of not so great OB/GYN experiences in this town, but this practice is awesome. You will have a bit of a wait but the Dr. has never made me feel rushed and when the hospital had to call her about me at 11pm one night she didn't mind and told me at my next appointment, better safe than sorry and not to feel silly if I went in because I sensed something was not right.They are busy..because they are good! Dr. Turner is a UNLV alum, so great to see a rebel giving back to the community!
1	I loved Dr Turner herself, but ended up changing doctors about 3 months into my pregnancy because i couldnt handle their office staff anymore. It was problem after problem with them and they are EXTREMELY unfriendly. When i called to complain to the office manager, instead of them taking care of the problem, i received a letter from this practice that they could no longer see me. I was very upset because instead of taking into consideration the problem at hand, they booted me. I was treated fairly and i just think this is bad practice. Dont ever tell them you have a problem and you should be ok.
3	Dr. Turner has been my OB GYN for years now. She even gave birth to my son. So I should be giving her a higher rating. At least a 4 but I am torn on this.My last appointment to see Dr. Turner was to have my  Mirena removed and it just was not a good experience for me. I was having my IUD removed for several reasons but mostly in the end because it was not a good fit for me.The visit itself was fast and I was in and out. I couldn't believe how fast I was seen, how fast Dr. Turner came and that it was time to go already. My past experiences have been long, longer and longest. So this was definitely a pleasant surprise.But where my turmoil comes in, is that as a doctor if I am telling you that the effects I suffered from having something, then it is your job to listen and to try to understand. Not tell me that this is not normal and brush off what I am saying.The worse part was as I was walking out of the room, Dr. Turner was telling her staff how she couldn't believe the things I was telling her. It just made me feel like a low life human being. So maybe I should give her 1 star but she was always such a good doctor before that. So 3 instead and I am going to be finding a new OB GYN.
