5	I've had 3 dentists in my life. 3rd has definitely been the charm. This location is not near me by any means, but I'm completely content with driving out of my way to have Dr. Reese Turner be my dentist. He is very professional, does not push to have things done I am not comfortable doing, keeps me informed of everything I need done and the process in order to do those, and his chair side manner is top notch. We went through 3 crowns until we were both satisfied with how it fit in my mouth and I was only charged for one. I feel confident I'm in educated, caring hands that's not out to rip me off. The ladies up front are always friendly and helpful as well. If you're looking for a dentist, stop your search and go here.
4	I've been coming here now for a few years.  Great location, very clean, great staff, and the price seems very fair.  I don't think they make up problems to bill you for extras like I have experienced at other dentist offices.  I think the doctor here is very to the point and professional.  Also lot of the girls here are cute too.
5	Amazing dentist!! lovely staff & always a good visit. I don't love to go to the dentist, but the staff definitely makes it worth it.
5	I have been going to Dr Reese for years. He doesn't make up services you don't need and does just what is necessary for your comfort. I moved and still travel a distance as do my grown children because of his superior service.
5	After getting overcharged, by many dentist, I was about to give up on finding a good one, while venting to a friend,he told me to try Dr. Turner, not only was his staff amazing but he was as well! No nonsense kind of guy, told me what he could do, the cost, and did it! Since then my grandpa and dad have both been to him, they were amazed by his services! Best of all when you call and ask how much a cleaning is they honor their word, you don't go in expecting to pay $60 and walk out without your teeth cleaned because you need some outrageous extra cleaning!
5	Dr. Reese Turner is someone you can trust.   He is not out there to make a buck.  He really cares.  When I was in a panic, Dr. Reese met with me.   The front desk set up a no-charge consultation within two days of my call.  He confirmed my fear that my current dentist was on the aggressive side.   His position after viewing my x-rays:  It's my mouth and my decision but in his opinion, only one of three areas sited by my current dentist made sense to him to fix and even then, he suggested waiting.  This was so refreshing.  I am a patient for life.    Not only is he saving my teeth, he is saving me money.   My strongest recommendation!
5	I have been coming to Dr. Turner for a number of years now after a bad experience with a chain dental office. He and his staff are friendly, very thorough and do great work. I'm glad I found them!
5	Such a breath of fresh air. After years of going to dentists with ever changing recommendations, I have finally found a straight shooter. Dr. Turner Lund my teeth in pretty good shape, unlike the last few dentists that wanted to give me a mouth full of crowns. I will be a life long customer.
5	What makes a great Dentist? Personality, competency, availability, and staff.This guy has it all. In 78 years and a dozen dentists, this guy is at the top. Dr. Turner has been there for me whenever I needed him, and his approach to a problem is refreshing. Never a push for the unnecessary, and always up front, honest answers to any questions.You cannot go wrong with him.
