4	One of the several Fry's Supermarkets that I find myself in. I will frequent this one when I also need to pop by the Wal-Mart in the same plaza for more random crap shopping.This Fry's is pretty extensive, but I'll never forget it for an impulse buy I am still being taunted for. I snagged a stupid stuffed animal in the soda section (of all places) called the "I Like You Mouse". Squeeze the mouse and it says (pretty much to be taken sarcastically): "I LIKE you. I like you. Just plain like you. You make me want to smile. You make me want to dance. You make me want to shout it from the rooftops: I LIKE YOU!!! Yooooouuu... ho, ho. You're good, you. You're the best! I like you! I L-L-L-L-L-L-Like you!"Although I fear I will never find another I Like You Mouse in stock, I have bought three on impulse now and it has never failed to garner a grimace and possibly  violent reaction from friends of mine. Kind of gets in your head and keeps gnawing.Where else can I score an obnoxious talking mouse, bean dip, and a twelve-pack of beer at the same time. Fry's, I like you! (No, I reeeallly like you!)
4	One of my favorite stores to shop at they always seem to have the best deals and they make all manufacturer coupons equal a dollar! This Fry's is always clean and has great customer service.
5	One of the best deli meat counters. Enjoy the weekly "price buster" deals on random grocery needs. Great produce and butcher.
5	I LOVE this store!!! I have gone to other frys stores and for the first time I shopped here last week and am AMAZED at their customer service . Their customer service was excellent and their selection of groceries. This is a very clean store and I will shop here again from now on.
4	This Fry's in Queen Creek has a Starbucks and also a little sushi bar next to the cakes. I enjoy the cakes from here and the cake boss cakes are on special. This location also has a bank and a machine to put money on electric if you have pay as you go electric as I do. You can go grocery shopping and get gas. Also you can go to the bank, rent a movie or get your hair done all in this little shopping center. The employees are very nice and help full here as we'll.
4	Not all Frys are created equal. This one and I hope it,s the one on Alma School and Warner...has great rolls. Thr ones they bake themselves. Unfortunately they changed onion rolls. They were really good but now they're terrible
5	A few days ago, I went to this store to pick up a custom corsage order for my 4 year olds dance recital and a cake. I picked up the cake and asked to page someone to grab my corsage. It turns out that due to miscommunication, my order was lost! Needless to say, I wasn't thrilled, but the employees went above and beyond my expectations to make the situation right. They found the order and whipped up a cute, glittery corsage and comped me for the corsage, the cake, and a few bottles of soda for the party! They were all really friendly, apologetic, and helpful in this issue. I ended up leaving more than pleased at the customer service I received. Although that error was a big one and did leave me panic stricken, they definitely went above and beyond my expectations to redeem themselves. My daughter LOVED her corsage and cake and had a great time!
2	I've been shopping at this Fry's for the last year and the experience started of great but in the last month we've noticed a steady decline in quality in certain places. In the last month we've noticed that the produce quality has been very bad. Almost all the apples were rotting no matter what kind they were. The oranges were extremely mushy to the point I wouldn't risk buying any. There were cherry tomatoes growing mold in the packaging. And there were a fair amount of fruit flies inhabiting the produce area. To make things worse, I tend to shop on Monday/Tuesdays when they get their new stock and even with people stocking the area, none of the rotting fruit was being removed and if they had just put the fresh stuff out, I'd hate to see what was there before. Since we do a lot of our produce shopping at this Fry's this is beginning to be a major problem for us. I'm looking to give this location one last shot before going to a different Fry's or next door to Walmart.Aside from Produce the rest of the store hasn't been much of an issue. Never had  a problem with any of the departments. Have only had one bad batch of meat so far which, for going there a whole year, is pretty good in my books. If the Produce section gets fixed, will definitely change my review.
2	Disappointed to be writing this review.When we first moved to this area over a year ago, we made this our neighborhood Frys. Super fresh produce, great meat sales, exceptional customer service. We got to know the baggers and some of the cashiers, and they remembered us by name.Fast forward a year later. Moldy produce, flies galore. And we usually do our shopping on Sunday, Monday, or Tuesday, two out of three of those days are restocking days. If that's the new, fresh product, then what kind of science experiment was growing there before?The only time I'll come here now is if I need some kind of non-perishable ingredient or a spice, maybe some fresh flowers if company is coming over. Started shopping at the Sprouts and other Fry's down the road and have yet to have any issues like the ones described. I hope they turn things around - It's in a great convenient location.
1	This Frys closes at 11 o'clock at night. This is a major city that has several million people, and this store has the audacity to close at 11 PM. Not at midnight or one or stay open 24 hours like other major stores do. This place closes at 11 PM.  I can't decide if it is because The employees are inherently lazy, or just corporate greed that some bean counter for fries somewhere in some corporate office doesn't think that customer convenience is worth paying the employees.  This store is a disgrace.
