4	Great place to grab lunch on a beautiful day.I had the French Quarter Salad w/ grilled chicken and it was fantastic. Service was good and the food came relatively fast for a lunch rush. The best part of the experience was eating outside on a beautiful day, when we went inside to pay it was pretty loud.
4	Salads are good, but this place's secret is their Thursday special, Baked Chicken.  French Quarter is busy for lunch every day.  Indoor seating is limited, but creates good atmosphere for this place.  They are usually open before Panther games. Tip:To avoid the weekday lunch rush, I recommend arriving no later than 11:30 a.m., or you'll stand in line to get in.  They offer outside seating when the weather is nice.
4	When I worked in uptown Charlotte, this used to be my lunch spot once a week. I used to go on Mondays, less busier than the rest of the week and get there before noon to get seated promptly.Service: Fast and polite, the couple that runs the place are always charming and aim to get the most people in and out with a smileMy favs to order:red beans and rice (monday's)grilled chicken breast sandwichchicken salad sandwichsweet teacajun fish special (friday's)Ambiance: It is a bit dark inside and table are tight but the food and service totally makes it worthwhile.I miss this place during my lunchs in NYC!
4	I have had the baked Chicken (Thursday special) and it is WONDERFUL!. A great change from all the chain and fast food restaurants downtown. It does get very crowded and little awkward when it is that way. The food comes fast and is delicious. I have only been here for weekday lunches, usually Thursday. My coworkers love the other specials too. If you are looking for a change from the everyday, this place is a great one to start!
2	On my first day working in CLT, my team member raved about this restaurant and their daily lunch specials.Sooooo, the Shrimp Creole, in a nutshell is one of the Tuesday specials. Its pretty much rice (that's not cooked all the way), embryo shrimp (of the frozen kind from your local grocer), and red spicy sauce (umm, creole sauce?). I tried my best, but I could only eat a 1/4 of the plate, and really that much b/c I was hungry. We were seated quickly and the food came in 6min....so I was able to make it back to the office ontime. Guess that's worth 2 stars eh?
4	This place is always packed at lunch so go early, late or plan to wait! Their weekly lunch specials are probably some of the best priced around. My personal favorite is Thursday's baked chicken w/broccoli and cauliflower and mashed potatos. Portions are large so ask for a box of you eat light. In the warmer months they have outside seating.
3	Dropped in for lunch with a friend while in Charlotte on business. Very loud, but good service and a very tasty Monte Cristo sandwich.. but very loud.
5	Just had lunch here with a coworker.   Place was packed with a capital 'P'.   We probably had to wait some 15 minutes to get a table.   Once we finally did, I ordered the Monte Cristo while my friend had the Gyros (not very Cajun, I'll give you that!)   We both had sweetened Ice tea to drink.    The ice tea was very very nice.... Best ice tea I've had in quite a while.   Granted, it was sweetened, so that could have something to do with it.Monte Cristo?   Damn!   I'm not a connoisseur but this is the best deep fried French Toast Ham & Cheese sandwich I've ever had.   Yummy!   And it cost me all of 10 bucks.   Well worth it!
4	solid 3.5..Went to the French Quarter for Dinner Friday before a concert.Very pub-like - kind of has that neighborhood bar feel to it. Upon looking at the menu I wondered "What kind of restaurant IS French Quarter?" I wasn't sure what they were trying to be as they had pub fair, Greek, Mexican, Creole/Southern ...it was just an odd mix and right away that had me wondering.Against my own better judgment I went for the salt and pepper wings. I decided on this for one reason only as that was dubbed their "famous" item. I figured if it could be famous it had to be great right? Let me first say I am a harsh critic of wings (having lived in Buffalo) - but salt & pepper wasn't exactly Buffalo style so I thought these could stand a chance. I was wrong. They were terrible! The wings were crispy but lacked flavor. ( the ranch paired with it was great though) - I decided to ask for some Buffalo sauce as I didn't want to be eating globs of ranch. I was really surprised with how great the  Buffalo wing sauce was! All in all I think I will branch out and try something else next time-but I wasn't disappointed..Also, it was CHEAP - $15 dinner for two, really can't beat that.
2	This place is downright bizarre.  it's run by the same people who run Greek Isles, which means most of the menu is Greek with some pasta and "creole" items.  I say "creole" because there is like 2 items on the menu that are supposed to be New Orleans style and those at the tables around us who ordered the special (chicken creole) left most of it on their plate. I had a caesar salad and it, I kid you not, comes out in a mixing bowl.  it's huge and really a total waste of salad because it would take 3-4 people to finish one.  I barely made a dent in it.  The salad was just alright, nothing terribly impressive.  During the week it's full of blue shirts watching ESPN.
2	Went here on a football Sunday and I was told that the menu was reduced to be quick and more American. This was a disappointment to me as I would not mind waiting for some good French cuisine. I ordered the only traditional plate left on the menu, avoiding the burgers and fries... it was good but there are better places and better food. I don't know much about about French food so I was curious. The music was too loud an rappish (or R&B) so, although I dined alone, I would imagine it would be difficult to carry a conversation. The staff was friendly and service good but that is not enough to bring me back so I will not repeat.
3	I wish I had an option for 2.75 stars because I do love this place but not sure it gets the 3 stars.....The specials are always 'just fine' such as beef tips and rice.  The gyro is fine, nothing to write home about.  I always get the club sandwich when I go here and never can finish it (it comes with a ton of fries to share...)  The prices are very reasonable and the staff is super fast and efficient.  I guess what bugs me about this place is the consistency of the quality....leaves something to be desired at times.  Such as weird brown lettuce on the taco salad, overcooked meat on the gyro....it is almost as if the menu is too big and they should cut back and improve the quality of several best-selling items.Overall I would say A-OK!
4	French Quarter is NOT a french restaurant.  It's a cozy little bar/restaurant where you'll see people hanging out after work nursing a beer, cops coming in for a daily dinner special, folks just looking for a good place to engage in that great pastime of pub socializing.In addition to great drink specials, they've got some standout selections on the food menu, including the monte cristo sandwich and the baked chicken.We've had after-work happy hours at the French Quarter, and they're always a lot of fun.  On a pleasant night, the outdoor seating is especially nice.In the uptown environment, packed with expensive cookie-cutter chain restaurants, the French Quarter is a refreshing alternative.
1	Visited on Friday 3/25 for supper. I was really looking forward to a good Cajun meal. Out of fish on a Friday????  Are you kididng? And, crab soup so salty, was not edible. The waitress, who was really good, did not charge for it after complaining. Rice and beans pretty good, and wait staff quite attentive. I really did expect better. Will not be going there again.
4	The French Quarter is one of the best restaurants in uptown Charlotte. I worked for the Charlotte Chamber for 13 years (it is right around the corner) and used to eat there at least once a week. Now my office is right off of Morehead Street but still get up there at least once a month. The prices area affordable, food is always good and the service is on spot. Not too many places uptown that you can order and eat with in one hour. Even if you have to wait you still make it out within the hour. There is typically is a line around noon, get there around 11:45 and you will be all good.Steve Caldwell
3	Not a bad little pub. Had the sliders, salt and pepper wings, and mushroom burger -- forgettable, but good. The fries are what I will remember, and come back for.
3	If I cant think of a better spot, I go here.  The food is decent... not French, not Cajun/Creole, but there is decent variety (as long as you aren't a vegetarian.... though the Portabella Pita is quite good...)  It's not a bad place, there are just better spots downtown.  It just seems like the ownership is going with the flow instead of making the bar a better place than it currently is.It is NOT a place I would go to unless I was on a quick one-hour lunch from work.  They don't have draft beers worth mentioning.
3	When I worked Uptown, this was one of the regular haunts for me & my co-workers because it is inexpensive and offers pretty good variety.  I woulldn't consider this place as a cajun/creole place but the food that they serve is typical American-Greek fare with a couple of New Orleans style dishes thrown in for good measure.  Usually the specials are pretty solid.
3	Good place to go for a nice bite to eat.. Check the daily specials.... (lunch).... good food all around.(A bit pricey) for what its worth.A little tight if you plan to sit down during lunch. You will have to go outside to exhale. Service is promptCall in service is as expectedI onced ordered a buger, fries and drink... tab came to almost 10 bucks. I don't know if I would call that a bargin. (the burger was fine but NOT 10 dollars FINE)During the summer months when its warmer (who am I kidding, its Charlotte, it may be 80 mid Dec) they have a few tables posted up outside where you can sit and eat, sit and eat and watch other patrons from several other food places walk past, or sit and eat and people watch or be watched... ekk ekkk ekkkkk!!!!Try it out... Fridays... "SHE CRAB SOUP"CHEERS'
3	Get there early for lunch or be prepared to wait. The place has the feel of a frat bar, but it's not. Their world famous baked chicken was good but nothing earth shattering. All in all good experience and will definitely go again next time I'm in Charlotte.
3	Good daily specials for lunch and excellent portion for the price you pay. Service is also always spot on. If you work uptown, this is one joint where you can sit down to have a meal and be back at work within the hour, as long as you work within walkable distance from the restaurant. Gets busy during lunch, so I would suggest getting there a little early - has limited outside seating as well.I, for one, love the Friday special - Cajun grilled fish with rice and beans. Can never clean the plate unless I starved the morning of.Not quite the authentic French Quarter food, but still a decent place to have lunch at in uptown. Would have rated higher if food was more authentic instead of being ordinarily good.
3	I do miss working downtown since this is a nice spot to get some after work beverages (or 10).  Very laid back, no frills atmosphere to this place with an eclectic menu so I am sure there is something everyone can find to eat here.  Location, helpful staff, and tasty food/drinks makes me give this place a solid 3 stars.
4	The staff rocks (and they tell me the food is good, too).  Forget your plans; you could wind up staying here all night.
2	I have been here three times now. For some reason a lot of my coworkers really like it. It's a popular lunch-time destination. They are known for their southern, Louisiana style dishes. I would say it's just pretty typical, heaving-tasting foods. Their gyros are not bad actually, but the creole with shrimp and blacken fish I had as a lunch special were just too salty and heavy for me. I'm sure some who love their soul food would appreciate it, but it wasn't for me. It gets pretty crowded during lunch hours, and the spaces are quite tight.
3	A staple in terms of lunch place diners in the downtown Charlotte area.  I finally got my first trip here the other day and was amazed at just how packed out this place got.  Shoulder to shoulder is the best way to describe it and that's a con because of the terrible acoustics when it's that crowded.  That made for hard to hear conversation and hard to really get engaged with my girlfriend during lunch.  That stunk so I think I'll come back at an off hour some other time.The tuna salad sandwich I had was fantastic and delivered to the table in lightning speed.  The service was good but don't be fooled they are obviously trained on getting you in and out here during the lunch hour.
5	Have been coming here for years and they are always spot on!  Service is always fast and the food is consistent. They run these daily lunch specials for around 6.50-8.00 and that includes your tea. Try the Baked chicken on Thursdays or my favorite is the Blackened fish on Fridays. They do a pretty good happy hour as well.
2	Went here on a weekday night. I didn't like it and I probably won't be back.
3	Disappointing!! It is 9pm and we can't get a burger... Because they don't make them this late --- what? We left the Panther's game early! Oh well. We're here and it will be the last time.
3	I enjoyed my dining experience here. The salt and pepper chicken wings were excellent! They brine them in vinegar and garlic for a few days, then deep fry them and season them with salt and pepper. It was simple and delicious!! I'll definitely be back for them.  We also had an order of Greek fries, which are potato wedges seasoned with oregano. They were also good.  They weren't exceptional (like the chicken wings), but they were tasty and a good accompaniment to the wings. One member of our party ordered the nachos, which were average. I wouldn't recommend them.  We sat outside on the patio, which was very pleasant. There are a bunch of bars/restaurants on this little strip and it's a bit secluded. So, it felt like we were in a small neighborhood, not in the middle of uptown.  I definitely recommend sitting on the patio if the weather permits. The inside seemed a bit dated and stuffy. Our waitress was very friendly and she knew the menu well (which I always appreciate). We went on a Wednesday, so the wine was half-off! The selection is limited, but I enjoyed the discount.  I definitely recommend this place. The chicken wings alone are worth the trip.  The restaurant is also located across from the new baseball stadium for the Charlotte Knights. Stop by before or after a game!
1	The in-laws were in town this past weekend, so we decided to show them the newly opened Romare Bearden Park. The park was a lot of fun and after checking it out we decided to stroll over to French Quarter for lunch. I had high hopes for French Quarter, given my love of Uptown restaurants and my affinity for Cajun-inspired food, but I have to say both the food and the customer service was a major letdown.Our server was not very attentive, forgot what we ordered, brought our food out without silverware and took several minutes to provide us with silverware so that we could actually eat, and failed to refill our drinks. The restaurant was also FREEZING... last Saturday was literally the nicest day of the year and they had the air on what had to be 65, totally unnecessary! Once we were finally able to eat our food, it was a) cold from us not getting silverware for a few minutes and the restaurant being crazy cold & b) not that great. The gumbo tasted like it came from a can and the mashed potatoes tasted like they were instant.If the food and service wasn't enough to leave a bad impression, the restrooms were disgusting and there was no toilet paper. I will definitely not be returning to French Quarter... which is a shame because they're in a primo location!
4	Had the Thursday lunch special of baked chicken, mashed potatoes, gravy and broccoli and it was very, very good. Portions were good size and the food was HOT. Very friendly staff and great service. I'll be back.  Bargain for the price!
4	Really good place to go to lunch during the work week. Healthy options that are tasty, and a nice patio to eat on if weather permits. It's unfortunate that it isn't open on weekends.
2	Very confused by this spot.  When I lived up town (2012), I remember this place being very different.  The location is so so amazing so I hope they really step their game up. They are right across from the brand new park Uptown.  They advertise their dishes to be "comfort food with a touch of cajun" but that really doesnt come through at all.  It is simply a Greek restaurant called French Quarter.  Having said that, they do have very good daily lunch specials and numerous local beers on tap up at the bar.  I have stopped in here a few times for a quick lunch while at work and ordered the chicken tips.  The best part was the gravy.  Everything else... so-so.  -Ian M.
2	Came with with friends during lunch. Very busy with short wait times. Very loud too. Difficult to hold conversations. Seating too close together. Waitress was polite and very attentive. I had the Friday special- salad and cup of lobster soup. Very basic. Soup was mediocre. Definitely not homemade.
