1	I had my transmission replaced here and 2 months later it went out again because they installed it improperly. They tried to then make me pay for labor to replace it! After I threatened with a law suit they said they would cover their work, but It has been three weeks since then. ABYSMAL COMPANY! WATCH OUT! Did I mention that they haven't even started working on it in that 3 weeks?
5	Friendly, excellent service  My handyman recommended Accurate, and I bought a Groupon for it.I went in after the Honda dealership gave me a list of needed repairs, thinking it would be cheaper at a smaller shop. Not only was it cheaper, I didn't need all that stuff anyway. Ron in the office did recommend tires. They took it to Discount Tire for me, I picked it up at the end of the day with the work completed, new tires on, ready to go for my vacation.Very good customer service.
5	I had gotten my sick car back from Firestone.  Firestone diagnosed my rough idle and stalling engine as an alleged leaking valve cover gasket.  New plugs and wires were also recommended.I called up Gene's Auto Worx, but never got a call back.  I guess he had too much business this week.Believing Firestone's diagnosis, but hoping for a better deal, I asked around the office to see if anyone knew of a decent mechanic.  One of my co-workers recommended Accurate.  She had a timing belt replaced on her PT Cruiser and this place had combined some of the labor charges and cut her a deal on the overall repair.I dropped the car off on a Friday at about 9AM.  I'd recommend that you get an appointment first, because this place is busy.  Despite the lack of reviews on Yelp and the outdated info on their web-site, they do PLENTY of business.  There was hardly any place to park to leave my vehicle.  I met Ron.  He was very friendly and let me know that they probably wouldn't be able to get to my car until Monday as they were obviously very busy and closed on the weekends.  No problem.  I dropped if off and started the wait and worry game.Ron called me on Monday and asked me if I was bringing the vehicle in because the check engine light was on.  I explained to him that, yes, that was the issue and told him all about Firestone and their diagnosis.  He told me that there was no major leak in the valve cover.  There was a little bit of seepage, but nothing causing a misfire.  Firestone's diagnosis was flat-out incorrect.He had his guys run a computer diagnostic and they found the source of the problem -- it was a bad throttle body.  Since I have a rare engine, OEM replacement parts are hard to find and can cost a lot when purchased direct from the manufacturer.  Ron located one in salvage for me for a little over $200.  It's not the cheapest out there and they had to wait a couple days to get it, but he got it, installed it and had the car running great.  He also informed me of a dangerous situation with the front wheel.  Ever since I first got this vehicle, it made a loud grinding sound when turning the car to the right.  Ron mentioned that the wheel hub was damaged and that was causing the noise.  It was also a potential hazard as it could snap and the wheel could fly off in transit.  He found a replacement part and got it repaired.  He also replaced the CV axle.The total cost for everything was a little over $700.  That was several hundred less than what Firestone was quoting and, more importantly, the money I paid was actually applied to the repairs that I needed.  When I got my car back, I couldn't believe it.  It ran so much better and the horrible grinding was gone.  I paid for repairs and I actually got them.  I considered dropping a star because, when all was said and done, it took about a week to get my car fixed.  I won't drop that star, though, because my car is fixed and is running the way I want it to run and it didn't cost me thousands of dollars.Overall, I'm very happy with my experience and I won't think twice to take my car back to Accurate should it need further repair (fingers crossed that it doesn't!)
