1	I saw Dr. Hill and it was the worse experience.  She came in 2 hours after me sitting there listening to the staff talk about groceries, lunch, husbands...etc.  She did not introduce herself, sat down and said "What are you here for"...hardly looked at me at all.  Never followed up after the appointment though she said they would- I called and basically was told nothing was wrong though obviously there is since I was in so much pain.  Guess since it isn't them they don't really care.  I was def a number instead of a person here and I will not be going back.  When I expressed my concern to the front off gentlemen he said "oh"... yep that's it!  It's asinine that I have to spend $30 for them to do ABSOLUTLY nothing!
4	I have spoken with John the Office Manager many times, he was very concerned that I did not have a good expereince and was determined to change my mind :)   John educated me on the different providers and their style (short sweet and too the point or talks a lot, builds a relationship and then is to the point) John brought me back in and I choose to see Dr. Shreder.  He is AMAZING!  I am plesently surprised with this office :) Def worth a try!
1	Dr. Frye is great, but the office/staff is the worse ever! They don't care at all. Sad the money we pay and the lack of servuce we don't receive! Don't watse your time or money here.s
1	I did a lot of research and read reviews before deciding to schedule an appointment with this office (just needed a yearly physical exam).  I called on Monday at 9:30 and a sort of rude 'girl' took my name and number and said 'someone will for sure call you back today.'  I thought it was weird that someone would have to call me back to schedule an appointment.  Well, no one called me back.  I called again today (Tuesday) and I said I called yesterday and no one called me back.  Her response "Oh, what's your insurance?"  I told her before I gave her that info that I wanted to know if it was common practice to have to call someone back to schedule an appointment and she told me if I called at lunch time that it was.  I told her what time I called and she again said "Oh, what's your insurance?"  Uh, definitely not scheduling anything with this office-I'm sure the doctor's are great, but they need to get their front office in check.  I hate dealing with rude, inept people, especially where my health care is concerned.
5	I love Dr Frye! I've been coming here for years and have never had any problems. Him and his staff and very knowledgable and they have a very clean, well taken care of office.
