5	At the beginning of my fitting, Katherine (La Lingerie's owner) told me that she thought at least 80% of the women she'd ever fitted were wearing the wrong bra. Now I know that I was one of them! La Lingerie is an appointment-only boutique (although there are open house times as well), specifically designed to provide thorough and educational bra fittings as well as browsing time. She made me immediately comfortable -- particularly important in a business like this, because lingerie fittings are very personal. I never felt rushed or exposed, and Katherine spent a lot of time talking with me about what kinds of items would be most useful for me, then making suggestions.Everything I bought (both that day and by special order -- and yes, she will both ship and file a wishlist for later purchases -- thank goodness, since I just moved out of state!) has been terrific. I haven't noticed any weak spots or wear and tear, and I am so much more comfortable in a bra that fits well.I'm usually pretty thrifty, and honestly never would have even considered La Lingerie if my husband hadn't treated me to a gift certificate for my birthday. The shop asks that you put $100 down to make an initial fitting appointment, and you should be aware that you are likely to spend at least that much. I considered rating a star down solely for expense, but decided that this experience (and education) was truly worth it! If you've spent years looking for a bra that fits, go see Katherine. Really.
5	I just had a great experience at La Lingerie. I had spent most of my post-pubescent life buying bras that always seemed expensive at Victoria's Secret, and never being all too happy with the fit (or their gross marketing strategies).So after passing La Lingerie many times on my bike, I made a commitment to buy myself some nice bras. The owner spent an hour with me in a one-on-one appointment to properly fit me and help me find the right bras for me. She listened to what I didn't like about my current bras. She was very friendly, approachable, and easy to work with - and rapport is especially important when you are in your underwear.It turns out that the size VS had fitted me with was 4 inches too big around the ribs and 4 cup-sizes wrong. How does that happen?The bras are definitely pricey, from $50-$150. I found several that look and feel great around $70-$80. That's about 1.5 times what I was paying at VS, but this was worth the splurge. As the other reviewer noted, I had to make an appointment, but there was no payment prior to the fitting when I signed up. The owner must have dropped that policy. She mentioned that she'll have some open hours coming up when an appointment won't be necessary.
5	Kat just spent an hour and a half to find me perfect fitting bras.  I probably tried on 20 bras and she adjusted each one personally.  After this, I narrowed it down (it was hard!) to 2 bras and spent only slightly more than I would have at a big box store. Here is why it was worth it:1.  I LOVE my bras.  Seriously, most comfortable best fitting bras I've owned (and I am        32 years old)2.  They are better quality and will last much much longer3.  It is a locally owned store with unparalleled customer serviceYou will not regret switching to this fantastic lingerie shop.  Whether you need functional or fun bras, you will leave satisfied!
5	I went to La Lingerie a few days ago for a fitting and ended up buying 3 bras and two pieces of shapewear.  I learned A LOT about how to properly fit a bra to myself, what to look for, and how it should feel.  The bras fit great, are comfortable, and are also very pretty.  I'm not used to spending so much on clothing and I was concerned about the possible buyer's remorse, but it never happened.  Every time I wear my t-shirt bra I feel confident that I made a great decision.  I cannot emphasize enough that all my lady friends should make an appointment here, they won't be disappointed.  And since we spend so much time IN bras, this will have a life changing effect on our comfort and confidence.
5	AMAZING! I had a friend that had a professional bra fitting and told me it would change your life! I made an appointment and she was right! I was wearing a totally different bra size then I measured in the store.  The owner was totally relaxed and friendly.  I'm not very self-conscious, so I wasn't worried about the actual fitting part, but low key.  The store is beautiful! You can really tell Katherine loves what she is doing.  She spent over one hour with me trying on several bra styles.  I purchased three and it was so well worth the money! I feel great and cannot believe I walked around for all these years wearing the wrong size bra.  I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	I'm a new woman now!Katherine and her assistant are amazing. My mother-in-law, who is a fashion expert and always looks amazing, set up my appointment and told me I would love it. I however, was very much of the attitude that nothing could help me. My breasts de-flated after nursing and yet they are very wide. No bras ever look good on me and I don't feel comfortable wearing a fake padded bra. Well, low and behold, after an hour long fitting seesion and about 15 or 20 bras later I walked out with two amazing bras, also an awesome strapless bra that I wear with tank tops and a bra for doing yoga in. And I must say I look 100% better in these bras. They are gorgeous and natural looking; they actually fit me. I was wearing the wrong sizes all this time. And Katherine could not have been lovelier or more accomodating. Their panties are a real treat as well; I felt like a kid in a candy store. It was so much fun! And I love that they keep all of my stats in their computer so I can call and order more with free shipping, because I live in Los Angeles. Every woman needs to have an appointment here. The prices may be higher because they are real quality, not sweat-shop made, disposable clothes. I bought a lot and I continue to thank myself later.
5	I was very nervous and wasn't sure what to expect. Katherine made me feel like we were long time best friends. She was very helpful in explaining the pros and cons of each bra I tried on. She helped me fit into an everyday bra as well as helped me spice up my special occasion wardrobe. She also taught me how to make the lifespan of these garments last longer. She helped make a wish list of all the items that I liked for future purposes. I will never go to Victoria's Secret again. This was a billion times better, and she has an incredible inventory of sizes!
