5	I had heard about this place being open and hadn't seen it yet. So I stopped in for some wire and wick. Friendly staff seemed knowledgeable. Sat at their flavor bar for little while and tried 10 different flavors. Nothing really set well with me, but matter of opinion I guess. Was a very nice shop for up-and-coming business. Prices were a little high but not nothing unexpected. They really do need something else on the wall other than a TV though. I'll go back and support the small business. Nice alternative on the side of town
5	Great friendly staff. Good selection on juices as well. Price on juices are slightly cheeper then their competitors. Definitely my new favorite store.
5	I have visited many vapor shops in the valley and can say this place is the best I have been.  The guy behind the counter, who I think was one of the owners, was extremely helpful in assisting me with choosing a new set up to replace my old one. I did have some compatability issues with what I wanted, but they had no problem with finding a system that suited my needs. I have found, with many vapor shops, a theme of pretentiousness, but these guys are easy to talk to and they want to make you happy. I am very happy that such a great place is close to where I live.
5	This place is awesome! Went with another person and we ended up loving this place. The whole staff was ridiculously helpful & kind. They made us feel welcome there. Their juices are my favorite. Waiting on their unicorn, but it's worth it!!! My favorite flavors are Tigers Blood, guava blitz & sour skittles! I'll never ever ever never go to another vape shop ever. This place is chill.The owner was nice as hell too. SUPER affordable. You'd be a dumbass not to go check this place out. Vype vapor is my favorite now :)
5	Always the best... Great place to find anything you need to Vape, and great selection of E-Juice too...
5	I work at a shop in the same shopping center as Vype Vapor.  I don't vape, but my sister is super in to vaping, so I figured I'd stop by and support a locally owned business and get my sister a gift at the same time.  I walked in and everyone was super helpful and friendly.  The setup of the store is great!  They were super patient with a less than knowledgeable person like myself and did everything they could to make sure I was comfortable with what I was doing and answered all of my stupid questions.  Nick was extremely friendly, and Joe (the owner) was welcoming and you can tell he really cares about his products.  The suggestions they gave led me to getting a perfect gift for my sister, she was really happy with everything and she loved the liquids I got her.  She was previously using a different shop here in town, and says she's converted to Vype.  Thanks for your help, guys!
5	I wrote this for the wrong shop. Sorry. This was meant for the one on Lake Mead
5	I absolutely love this place, close to home, people there are knowledgeable and nice. The owner is friendly and welcoming! I'd recommend this place to anyone up on this side of town!
5	I've gone too many shops all over the valley, and have yet too find a shop as helpful as ohm 2 vapor. The mods are always fairly priced and juice lines are amazing. Weather your a dripper type of person or someone just starting out they will take the time too find the right juice and set up for you. Great shop that sets the standard of what a vape shop should be.
5	Ohms 2 Vapor is my top vape shop that I go to ALL THE TIME! I've been to California and looking for vape shops and still none of them compare to Ohms 2 Vapor! Everyone is very friendly and more than willing to help you find the right mod or vape for you! I strongly recommend checking out this shop if you're a vaper or looking into vaping!
