4	Perfect hotel for what we needed.We're a young couple visiting Montreal for the first time. We needed easy access to the metro, some fun spots we could walk to, and a simple but non-grimy room.Hotel St-Denis fulfilled all of these requirements. The room was super basic, yet clean and everything was in working order. Totally no frills, but we just wanted a place to lay our head, so it was fine.The concierge was pleasant to deal with and gave us good advice on where to go for nightlife.I felt safe in the surrounding area. The Latin Quarter is a short 5 minute walk which was awesome. Note that there is a park nearby that seemed to be full of some interesting characters. It seemed like everyone there was on some type of drug. You can easily avoid the park if that bothers you, but there are so many people in that area that I deem it safe. Great for people-watching ;-)Overall, it wasn't a bad location by any means. Transportation to spots where you're too tired to walk to is plentiful. There's a rent-a-bike station close by as well which is my #1 favorite thing about Montreal. :)
4	We stayed three nights at Hotel St-Denis.  We were in Montreal for a visit and wanted 1) an affordable ($100CA or less/night) place to hang our hats, 2) a hotel close to the Metro system, 3) somewhere with an option to store the rental car for the time we were in town, and 4) somewhere clean but not requiring any frills.Hotel St-Denis fulfilled all these requirements admirably.  The rooms were simple and very nicely kept up, beds were comfortable, plumbing worked, and the price was right.  The room was quiet, with no discernable noise through the walls.As far as convenience, this place is a block from the Metro hub (Berri-UQAM), giving us easy access to any neighborhoods we chose.  This was by far the most beneficial aspect of the hotel.  Anyone wanting to use the public transit system in Montreal is advised to be near here.  Car parking was half a block away for $16/night.  I have paid or seen substantially higher prices in other major cities.My overall impression is that this hotel is fairly priced for what we got, and I would certainly consider staying here again.  The proximity to transit is certainly the best aspect of the place.
4	This room was perfect for what I needed. I stayed here for four nights with my sister on our first ever visit to Montreal.  The room is super basic.  If you are looking to spend time in your room go somewhere else.  This is a place to sleep at night and check your e-mail, that is about it.  That being said the room is clean and it was quiet at night despite the latin quarter foot traffic on Saturday night.  The staff is pleasant and happy to help you find whatever you need.  We got in early and they did not charge us an early check-in fee.  The Metro was a block and a half away and it was a hub station so i was able to get pretty much anywhere I needed to go.  There are bixi stations, rent a bike, nearby too for those who love the concept of a rented bike at your disposal as much as I do.For less than $100 Canadian I don't think I could have asked for much more.  I will be back.
4	The cleaning ladies...They look like supermodels.Unexpected? Yup.
3	I was searching for a nice, cheap hotel for my stay in Montreal. At first I used Hotels.com...what a scam. Booking.com provided much better deals and I was able to book a room at Hotel St-Denis for a very reasonable price. Aside from lacking a fridge, this hotel is fucking AWESOME for the price. It was clean when I arrived and very spacious and well furnished. I really enjoyed the hardwood floors. Carpets in hotels probably collect decades of feet crust before they replace them. The location was also wonderful just a 15-20 minute walk to Chinatown or Old Port. They also don't provide continental breakfast but I hate those anyway.TL;DR: Will live here again without hesitation.
4	Great location, right by the Berri-UQAM metro and in the Latin quarter.  Short walk also to old town.  Hardwood floors, great bed and glorious double double glazing with an old fashioned radiator.  No waking in the middle of the night cold, or because the warm air heating just clanked on.  Toasty rooms, more than enough coat hangers for my weeks worth of business clothes.. Two bedside tables and lights (amazed how many hotels these days don't think that you both want to read!). Small but perfectly functional shower and super hair dryer.  Extremely friendly staff, bilingual and friendly enough to answer our dumb questions about language in Montreal.  Great value.
5	USE BOOKING.COM to book this hotel. The rates and sometimes special prices they have for this place are absolutely amazing. The hotel isn't the Ritz Carlton but seriously it's absolutely amazing. It's on a nice little quiet street that's literally about a 2-3 minute walk from the downtown nightlife and a good time. Also it's literally within about 5-10 minutes driving or taking a taxi to anywhere else that's pretty noteworthy in Montreal think clubs/lounges and restaurants. Concierges are extremely helpful and will literally bend over backwards to help you no matter what the question and are available all night. Rooms are very clean, the room is pretty sizable, i am used to being packed into a sardine can in hotel rooms in my home of NYC so i know what's small and this is way bigger than the average hotel in room in NYC and for the price you can't beat it. Bathrooms also kept clean, average bathroom size. FOR THE PRICE THIS PLACE IS SUPERB and barely any noise from any of the the other rooms or the outside, got a great nights sleep each night.
5	For a 3 star place, you couldn't possibly ask for anything more. While I definitely wasn't looking to stay at the Ritz Carlton I did need to a hotel that was clean, comfortable, and offered a great location at a reasonable price. We stayed during the week before labor day and paid less than $100 a night. I can't stress how great of a location this is. It's right by UQAM (what seems like a fairly large university) in the Latin Quarter so there are a lot of young people in the area - which also means a lot of fun bars and restaurants. It was really convenient both in the morning (when you're starved and need to get something before you make the trek to wherever you're sightseeing) and at night (when you really don't want to walk too far just to grab a cold one). It is also located about a block from one of the metro hubs where you can pretty much jump on any of the different lines. The room we stayed in had one queen. It was a pretty comfortable size for two people. It was also very well kept - a little outdated, but spotless with a very comfy bed.While we didn't interact too much with the employees, they always greeted us in a friendly manner and helped out with whatever few questions we had.Note: It seems the most "tourist-y" part of Montreal is the Old Montreal area. That may be better for families, but I think this area is much more convenient and interesting to couples/friends traveling together. If you do stay in the Latin Quarter, definitely choose the Hotel St. Denis.
5	So much of the great time I had in Montreal can be attributed to the Hotel St-Denis. Honestly, though, it's not that the place is palatial or awe-inspiring or in any real way a good time in and of itself. Now, don't get me wrong: the hotel is great.It's clean, accommodating, wonderfully understated, and serviced by a friendly staff. The thing about the Hotel St-Denis, though, (and this is particularly important for international travelers) is its location.The location is tops.The Hotel St-Denis is surrounded by bars, restaurants, and enough bus/metro stops to make vacationing easy for even the densest of people (i.e. me: The Meandering Traveler). Staying here makes visiting Montreal as easy as walking in any given direction for a few minutes. Further, other curiosities (like Montreal's many cathedrals, its museum, and Old Montreal) are close enough that you don't really need a cab (bear in mind that "close enough" just means that travel by car isn't REALLY necessary, but if you're not ready to walk upwards of five-to-ten miles round-trip, ignore my last observation).Lastly (and of greatest delight to me), the neighborhood is NOT family-friendly, so if you're traveling with a gaggle of children and a nagging spouse, your best bet is Old Montreal. If, however, you're a bit younger (in body and/or mind) and fancy yourself a bit more progressive in ideals, don't even consider staying elsewhere. Drop the Hotel St-Denis a line and inquire as to how soon they'd be willing to accept your money.
4	Very nice, clean rooms for a good price and in a really cool location. Parking is right around the corner and staffed over night, and there's a nice strip just a block on up Rue St Denis. The desk personnel were really great and we had no problems whatsoever. The room was smaller than a typical hotel, but we had no expectation of something larger.
4	A relatively cheap hotel that is  conveniently located to many restaurants and attractions. My only qualm with the room was a poor functioning toilet. The staff at check in were very polite, we arrived around 2am so they're there 24/7. All of our questions were answered promptly in person and through the hotel phone. Overall, very we'll worth the money!
4	Great location, good deal, and not too shabby accommodations! The staff was very nice and helpful as well. Check out the entertainment room in the basement while you are there!
4	This is a no-frills hotel that still manages to be charming and very resourceful to stay in when you're making the trip to Montreal.  The hotel is situated in the Latin Quarter, which was where a majority of our trip was spent dining and meeting-up with people.  Very conveniently located for taking the Metro, shopping, dining, seeing shows-- pretty much anything but being in downtown proper.  The bi-lingual hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, especially when it came to helping a lost couple find their way to the parking garage that was tucked into an alley-like one-way street (A staffer walked me out to physically point to and show me where to go-- much-appreciated)The hotel is cozy and very much not a corporate chain hotel you're probably a bit more used to.  We were out and on-the-go for 100 percent of our trip, and I wish I had been able to sit and relax with some coffee and the paper in what looked like a comfortable & home-y lobby.  The room was typical in the sense that it has everything you need when staying and being on-the-go in a new city; again, no frills, but you get the sense that you're staying in someone's guest room rather than a cold, boxy hotel-- I found this appealing, others may not.  Bonus for free (good speed) wi-fi-- crucial for two people from out of the country using wi-fi as their communication lifeline.Overall, this was a great way to start a stay in Montreal.  We were mid-road trip through Quebec, and stopped in Montreal/stayed at St-Denis for one night, then ventured up to Quebec City and back to Montreal, staying in a different hotel in downtown thanks to credit card points.  Looking back and seeing how often we were in the Latin Quarter area, I wish we booked our second and final stay here as the hotel had everything we needed for half of the price-- with location being the most important.  I'd recommend to anyone staying in Montreal who isn't a high-maintenance traveler; if that is the case though, message me and I'll tell you about the hotel we didn't prefer in downtown Montreal.
4	We had a great stay here for two nights in October 2014. The bilingual staff were very friendly. We didn't need a fancy place to stay, so our plainly furnished room with king-size bed, small fridge, free Wi-Fi, and big TV was a great surprise for the low price we paid (I booked through Hotels.com).The location is really perfect. It's right in the middle of the University of Quebec (UQAM) area, so there are lots of cute coffeeshops and cheap places to eat. It's only a few blocks to walk to great restaurants, grocery stores, and sightseeing areas, and the metro stop is two blocks away. The Greyhound station (Gare d'Autocars) is only a few minutes' walk as well.The walls are thin - we could hear the family either down the hall or next door to us have muffled conversations among themselves.We will definitely stay here again if we return to Montreal!
5	Great location and great hotel! Room was huge with two double beds and s sofa. Lovely hard wood floors, double glazed windows and warm radiator! The hotel is so central and so close to Metro too. The staff were fantastic and bilingual and friendly. The hotel is clean, warm and inviting for a great price. They also have a huge basement common room with TV, fire, lounges and s billiard table. Really cool place to hang if you want some space from the room. Saying that, the rooms are very large and come complete with fridge, pod machine for coffee and tea, TV, desk and large clothes cupboard and Free WiFi. Highly recommend this hotel and will stay here again.
