5	We had the daily special, and salad. It was very good. This is a sleeper. Most food appears to be made from scratch. Reasonably priced, and very good quality. All deserts seem to be homemade, and portioned right, so there's a good price value there too.Definitely will be coming back.
5	The Friendly Moose is a hidden gem in Stallings. It's location is only a couple miles off the Matthews Exit of 74 right next to the Grand Asia Market. The food is fresh and home made including all the desserts (which most restaurants don't do these days...usually you get frozen and factory made stuff). I had one of the salads which was the "Moose House" Salad with sirloin tips and a side of blue cheese crumbles with a balsamic vinaigrette. Everything was very fresh and the meat was flavorful. My husband had the special of the day which was a prime rib sandwich with Sweet Potato fries which were dusted in brown sugar and cinnamon. Both were excellent. I especially appreciated the dessert: Peanut butter cream pie. The flavor was delicious and again tasted freshly made. As I said before was made in house but I especially was glad that it was in a 6" dish and was only $1.95. I do not want to eat a 900 calorie dessert that costs almost as much as my meal, instead I want something that satisfies my sweet tooth and is well priced. My spouse had the Key lime pie which was the same situation: small, inexpensive and delicious. Cost wise it's a bargain. I had two glasses of wine, my husband had two beers, we both had an entree and a dessert and the total was only $38 before tip. I went to a chain restaurant last week, by myself, had an appetizer and a salad and two classes of wine and paid just a little less than this... and the food was only sort of ok, not really good as this place!There is also free Wi Fi access through out the restaurant and the bar area has cell phone and iPad chargers lining the walls. The owner John, who also acted as our waiter, is from Toronto, and so if you happen to be a Canadian looking for a "home food" fix they actually have Poutine on the Menu (which for the uninitiated is a plate of french fries topped with fresh cheese curds and brown gravy... if you have never had this dish before you are missing out on a weird but very tasty culinary creation) My spouse had been here a couple times since this restaurant changed owners and had been trying to get me to stop here, but I had not gotten around to it. Wow do I wish I had listened to him earlier.
5	Great place! Best poutine I've had in the states period. And it's hard to impress a Canadian with that kind of thing
3	I have a mixed review of this place. I visited yesterday and got the lunch special which was a grilled ham and cheese poutine sandwich  which was incredible. Also got buffalo wings and a salad...Also great. My drawbacks are the atmosphere. We sat in the front room which was very weird. We walked around after we ordered, because I am really into the atmosphere of where I choose to eat, and the other room with the fire place and the bar, which I thought was very North woods charming. I think that this place could be a mainstay forever...It truly has that charm. The menu is fantastic and I think the chef really thinks outside of the box. My main issue is the inattention to small details that really make a huge difference. We sat in the front room, in  a booth, and there were about 200 dead mosquitos in the window pane right beside where we were sitting. GROSS. I also think that if you are trying to have staying power, then make your own salad dressings. At least a couple signature dressings. Overall I would go back but the attention to detail and cleanliness is not here. BTW the ladies room was out of hand towels and I had to leave the rest room with dripping wet hands to find someone to give me a paper towel.
4	Glad to see a local place make good food!Good value, good service, surprising quality on the food. The home made potato chips were awesome, the chicken noodle soup was homemade and delicious, and the grilled chicken wrap was very good!  Deserts are over the top too! The moose tracks mousse is amazing.
4	Went here for lunch on a Saturday. Would go back.Pretty solid all around. Both sandwiches were first rate. I'll give it an extra star since they have some nice, small desserts that were tasty and inexpensive. Much better than some places that sell a piece of pie for $6.95.
5	Went to the friendly moose for lunch the food was excellent and the service was top-notch.
4	As a proud canadian I just had to try this place. Especially since I'm a mile away. Anyway, started with a classic poutine. Quite good really, just miss the original with curds instead. Tasty starter!  I had a burger and it was cooked to perfection, as was the steak my wife had. Overall it's good food and a good value.
4	Great service, fairly good food, and very reasonable prices. The place had a little bit of an odd smell to it (musty-ish) but not enough that I wouldn't return. It is a  drive from Charlotte but we happened to be close by so it worked out well, I am not sure I would make the drive just to eat.  Perhaps the least-expensive wine I have ever seen on any menu - at under $4 a glass. We started with the poutine which reminded me of gravy fries (a  good  thing)- though I too would have preferred to sample the classic with traditional curds . I had the wings which were crisp, but the blue cheese & ranch ( I tried both) were not very good, and certainly not homemade as many people commented most things were. I wish every wing place would just use the classic Buffalo sauce base - Franks Red Hot, but hey that's just my preference.   I will second that their home made chips were great and I would love to try the pie if I return -our server said it's the best!  All in all a solid 3.5 !
4	Just had lunch for the first time at The Friendly Moose.  Both food and service were good and prices were reasonable.
1	We had a very disappointing first meal at The Friendly Moose tonight. The meal was so-so, and the service, while friendly, not terribly good. I will not be back to give them a second chance.
4	A great place with good food, friendly people, and french fries with brown gravy. They got 4 stars just for that alone. Plus they are now on Groupon so you get to check it out and realize just what you've been missing. Remember the fries with gravy and finish with the pie!
2	We were seated quickly and the waitstaff was very friendly.  BUT when our food finally came out after quite a long wait, my food was wrong.  I sent it back and when it came back out a little while later, the hashbrowns were nearly burnt, very crunchy and the cheese wasn't even melted on the meal.  I told them to take it back and please take it off my bill.  They did that but never offered to make me anything else, nor did a manager ever come to apologize or make any other effort to try to improve my visit.  My husband said his food was really good and I did try the sausage gravy and a biscuit and it did taste good.  Not sure if we will go back or not.
1	According to website & posting on Facebook, the Friendly Moose serves breakfast until 2 pm on weekends. This weekend's special was "Build Your Own Omelet"...but apparently that is contingent on what the table next to you orders. While I admit that my first visit to the Friendly Moose earlier this month with my friend was an enjoyable one, today's visit with my children was not! I was looking forward to having the omelet special of the day, however, I was told that because the table next to us ordered burgers, I could not order the omelet or any other brunch item for that matter because the grill was full. Granted the table next to us had 8-10 people but to limit other patrons choices because of one table's orders? Furthermore, omelets don't have to be prepared on a grill. At home, I cook omelets on the stovetop in a pan. Very disappointing! We left and not sure we will ever come back!
3	Food was good but not a big variety of things to choose from. More burgers than real entrees
1	We did try this place again and sadly it was bad the second time too.  My food again  was not cooked correctly but this time it was not done.  When it finally came back out, my husband was done eating and had to watch me eat.  Again, no apologies from management although this waitress did take my food off the bill.  Obviously, customer satisfaction and quality control aren't something they care much about!  Not going to go back for a 3rd bad meal.
5	Loved their wings, huge, juicy, and perfectly cooked. When I asked for mild. .. Perfect amount of heat! Their coleslaw is home made and again the flavor and texture were spot on. Bacon all I can say is WOW!! I want it for breakfast ( which they serve by the way) a snack or salad.  Hand made burger so I was able to get a medium rare and it was perfect! Moose Burger had tomato onion crisp,  lettuce and a fried egg on thick cut roasted bread that was a pleasure to eat on its own.  This place can't be beat in the area for quantity,  quality and cost for a fantastic meal! Love the waitress and didn't have to wait long at all.  Come so in!
1	Went here end of 2013 and will not be back.  Got the Poutine which is their signature item.  Its a Canadian classic, supposed to be cheese curds on fries with gravy.  This place used what tastes like Heinz canned beef gravy over fries with shredded mozzarella sprinkled on it.  Gross.  Too lazy to make homemade gravy and use real cheese curds?  Why even bother offering it then?  Thats like moving to Europe and opening a pizza joint and serving Totinos pizzas.  Got the meatball sandwich as well.  The meatballs were so tasteless and bland I couldn't believe my taste buds.  They taste premade and frozen.....and I say premade because I doubt anything that bland would actually be sold by a food distributor...so it has to be a homemade recipe but they taste like they have no Parmesean cheese or salt in them.....definitely no veal....just bland ground beef and bread crumbs.  We ordered some wings which  were okay but when we asked the waiter if we could get 1/2 one flavor 1/2 another he said "well, you could....but it might piss off the cook, they dont like doing that".  WTF?  I'm not trying to get my food spit in so....nevermind.  Got some sorta chocolate mousse dessert.  It ended up being chocolate pudding with chocolate chips in it.  Gross.  It was china buffet quality pudding....straight out of a giant refrigerated container.This place is odd.  The building is like an old funereal home or something and the seating inside is weird.  Its almost like they must have something else going on to even exist.....like video poker or something in the back because I cant see how they stay in business with just the food.  Sorry =/
4	This is such a unique place in somewhat of a random location--tucked between matthews and Indian Trail and Stallings.  It looks like an old ranch home that has likely been there since the early 1900's.  When you first enter you are literally greeted with a "friendly moose" that sits right in the front lobby.  The staff greeted us immediately and sat us in what would have been the living room of this home transformed.  We were given both the breakfast and the lunch menu but opted for the breakfast.  I ordered the breakfast that came with three eggs any style, bacon and 3 pancakes.  All for the low price of $6.95.  You can't even find that at McDonald's!!  I expected the pancakes to be thin and flimsy but they were the opposite.  They were thick...almost too thick for my taste.  I couldn't even eat one!  They were so compacted I could hardly swallow each bite!  I guess that could be a good thing for others?Husband ordered the french toast AND a Bacon egg and cheese.  He wasn't playing around.  The B,E &C could be served on a bagel, biscuit, white bread, english muffin, wheat bread, etc.  He went with the wheat bread and it wasn't the little piece of toast you get as a side at most restaurants, it was a full blown huge sandwich.  The french toast was texas toast battered and smothered with powdered sugar.  He enjoyed it very much.The service was so friendly and the prices were amazing.  The atmosphere is pretty bootlegg and let's be honest, these ingredients are not likely super fresh, homemade or anything "special" in general.  However, for a nice hearty breakfast that is basic and still very good and very cheap....this is the spot.
5	Love this place! Great food and great prices. Definitely a unique place and usually pretty slow but overall I've only had good experiences! The meatball subs are soooo good! Good for lunch dinner or drinks.
5	Breakfast in Matthews and the main reason I chose this cute little spot was because they were a) well reviewed and b) they have wifi.As much as I've missed poutine since I spent a few weeks in the Great White North, I chose a classic American breakfast. My eggs were a little greasy but the rest of the meal (turkey sausage, tater tots and toast) was cooked perfectly. Absolutely delicious. Gallons of coffee.I do love getting called "Darling" and "Sweetie" by the wait staff.
5	Awesome food and service ....nice small bar where everyone knows your name hahaha we had a great server and the sandwiches we had were great ....the patty melt and philly cheese steak....sorry to say the chili was not great
4	Now that I've been there five times, I'll put in my 2-cents.  This is a pleasant spot with friendly service, reasonable prices, in a clean environment.  The food is tasty, with a few, somewhat unconventional items for you to try.  I haven't taken advantage of the bar that's in a smallish, attached room with a nicely stocked bar and good drink prices posted on the board.  $2 for bottled Moosehead!I have noticed that the service can be a bit slow from not having enough staff on-hand.  If you're in a hurry, you may want to ask.
2	Portions seem either to small or to large. There is very limited space within the diner. This is more of an order and pick up place.
5	Perfect place to go for breakfast on a nice day - they have a very comfy open air patio out back. How can they serve such a great breakfast for under $4? I asked the giant stuffed moose but he just looked at me. Not friendly at all. Should be called The Mute Moose. Love this place anyway :)
4	Very good fish and chips, thick pattie melt, crisp tots. Our server was sweet and attentive. Nice outside area and we can bring our dog. Enjoyed.
5	Tucked away, unassuming spot for morning, afternoon or nighttime fun. Inexpensive  and good food, great drinks, the friendliest staff and fun outdoor patio (with occasional amazing live music) to fit all needs. A great neighborhood spot!
1	Very disappointing, the food tasted very odd.. The chicken wrap had a disgusting flavor as well as the burger. I will not be coming back.
4	Best beer - battered onion rings ever! Fried items perfectly fried on all three visits. Would be 5 stars, but menu is a bit cumbersome...too many items.
2	This restaurant was extremely disappointing.  I had a hamburger that I ordered medium rare.  It came out raw and inedible with no garnish, no dressing, etc.  I asked for garnish and received wilted/rotten lettuce, the ends of pickles and a tomato.  My husband ordered "The Beard" which sounded great per the description, but unfortunately was not great at all.  The entire dish was microwaved so it was cold in the middle and hot around the edges.  He was told the gravy was made in-house but we found out it was powdered and it tasted like it.  We asked to speak to the chef/cook who came out and we explained our situation.  He said "oh, sorry about that" but didn't seem to care at all.  The waiter was very nice and said he wished we had said something before we paid and he would have given us a discount.  We normally wouldn't have said anything but we wanted them to know how terrible our meals were.  Unfortunately no one seemed to care.  We were not even offered a free dessert!  If we were, we wouldn't have accepted it anyway but it would have been nice.  I would avoid this restaurant if you are looking for fresh, good food.
4	So we've driven by this place for years. It was always the place my wife and I said, "we'll check that out next time". I cannot believe that we waited this long!!! It was so fun and delicious.  To start with it looks like an old house(because it is)and you have no idea what kind of food they serve.    When we walked in, we were immediately greeted by a very awake and polite host that turned out to be our server.  The dining area is small , but not confined. A single open door  in the dining room is the entrance to a full bar area. ( local hang out for sure!) It could be a turn off for families coming to eat. The noise of the bar flys and TV's could be heard while eating. We didn't mind.   The menu was perfect for my wife and I . She is from Newfoundland and I am from GA.  One side of the menu you have poutine and the other is chicken and waffles!!! Perfect for us!!!I ended up with a perfect black and blue burger that I am sure to order again. We also had chicken wings that were amazing!!! Several flavours to choose from.  The decor is just fun. We sat underneath a giant moose head (fake) , when I went to the restroom , I saw that the other side of the wall had the other end of the moose sticking out. hilarious !!!    This may have been our first time , but will not be our last.
4	I went to bar The Friendly Moose for my 1 year  my bf and it was the best idea everrr! The steak melts into your mouth and the fish was also delicious. Everything from appetizer to dessert was superb. Towards 9pm there was live ambiant music complimentary by this guy on the streets in a shiny suit. I will definitely come back to this restaurant!
5	Wife and I saw good reviews on this restaurant and decided to give it a shot.  Very friendly service. Very good prices. Very good food. Recommend for anyone in the area.
4	I moved from Chicago to Matthews and this place can hold up against any of Chicago's burger joints. I've only had the Carolina burger (twice) but it was cooked perfect and promtply. 4 stars until I dine in and can review further - i've only ordered take-out
4	The poutine was excellent, even though that was the first time I had ever had it. My wife really enjoyed her burger and I liked my patty melt on marble rye. If you don't get poutine, I highly recommend getting an order of their sweet potato fries. They were very crispy and not soggy and soft like most sweet potato fries. Good location off Monroe Road, left on potters. In a converted house. Cozy atmosphere. Was a great location to take my family.
1	I SO thought this was going to be awesome as I've heard great things. Don't know what happened but it was not good. My mother asked what vegetables they had to put in the omelette- LOLLL- and she was told they had nothing "green" when she inquired about spinach. So, my mom and I both ordered the chicken wrap and you can choose the sauce you want, we both got a teriyaki sauce. My wrap was served in a puddle of brown liquid- nasty. Neither of us tasted the sauce, maybe that was the brown puddle? The mac & cheese was tasteless too.  They're not cheap & sorry the decor is nothing short of tacky. Won't be back.
1	Went for brunch and had absolutely terrible service. The server was nice but incredibly slow. I ordered the breakfast poutine and it was awful. The toast and biscuits were so stale. Pancakes were also bad. Would not recommend this to anyone.
