5	Owner Sherri Correll was most helpful. I called from Los Angeles to have flowers delivered to my widowed mother to mark her 65th wedding anniversary, which was the day before Thanksgiving. I asked for yellow mums, the flowers my mother carried in her bridal bouquet, but Sherri explained that no mums were to be had in Las Vegas. She offered to make up something special. My mother was surprised and thrilled when Sherri showed up with the arrangement. I talked with my mother a couple of days later, and she said the flowers were still gorgeous. Thanks, Sherri.
5	I had a great experience , I called earlier today hoping to send my mom a birthday present from Seattle WA . sherry recommend a dozen of long stem roses and added a happy birthday balloon ( just the icing  on the cake). The best part was sherry sent me a picture txt of my mom with flowers in hand !!! totally unexpected great touch.
1	First of all if you are trying to surprise someone with flowers DONT  go here, they call the person that is getting the flowers to make sure they will he home. ( they should call the buyer of the flowers not the recipient) then they were over a hour late. On top of that they delivered my roses to the WRONG house, and left them with a stranger!!! my address was clearly written on the envelope, and the lack of brain cell driver they hire cant even read numbers right. They dont even verify you are the right person receiving the flowers. My husband was trying to surprise me with roses and they mess it up. WILL NEVER ORDER HERE. BUYERS BEWARE STAY AWAY.
5	Highly recommend
2	Flowers don't match up to website OR the price. We came across A Floral Expression, went to the website, picked out an arrangement and called Sherri. Sherri was agreeable and let us know that the "Birthday Confetti" arrangement online could be done and delivered. We wanted the flowers to be a bit bigger so we asked to increase the price from $50 to $75 hoping for a fuller arrangement (see photos). We've had issues with flower deliveries in the past so we asked that she text us a photo of the completed arrangement and she happily agreed.Things seemed to be in order. Then slowly things started to unravel.1. NO text of the finished flowers! She let us know "she forgot".2. We get a photo from the birthday girl and we were not impressed (the flowers DIDN'T match the website advertisement).3. The $75 arrangement looked more like something you could pick up from the grocery store for $40 (see photo).We understand small businesses and want to support them, so we contacted Sherri to let her know that the flowers seemed a bit on the cheap side. She defended the arrangement via text and when we let her know we weren't satisfied, her solution was to return to the home and pick up the flowers. Way to add insult to injury. I suggest you order from a different small flower shop in N. Las Vegas. We really wanted this surprise to be special and were underwhelmed by the flowers and disappointed by the price. The worst part is the "offer" to pick up the flowers after they had been delivered...who would want that?!
