4	After yesterday's  big breakfast disappointment at dubs I was a little gun shy to try this place which I had never been to before but much to my chagrin I was extremely  pleased with my food and service I had the scramble with eggs sausage potatoes onions and toped with sausage gravy a real heart stopper .....literally but darn tasty hit the spot
4	I thought I wrote a review on this place but we will try this again this place sits in a half empty mall but it is a great down home breakfast spot but they also do lunch and dinner Service is good wends day and Friday are fish fry night  which we gave a whirl as well it was good but being from Seattle we have a tough time finding good seafood except at sushi restaurants we frequent this place is well worth a try
4	Service was good, food was hot and came out to us fast especially bring as busy as they were. Great little place for breakfast.
4	Show up on Monday to place your order or Pasty's - pick up Tuesday. Very good and love the brown gravy that goes with it! Nice friendly people running this very busy establishment. We're going to try breakfast there soon.
4	Food was good-chicken fried steak and eggs hit the spot. Though, I felt extremely young being there.
5	Very. Good fish sandwich and rhubarb pie. 3. 2. 2012
4	My girlfriend and I decided to swing on in and try this place out on a whim.  You wouldn't expect to find this lonely eatery among the few remaining establishments scattered along a long-vacated row of storefronts it shares in this once-thriving strip mall, but there it is! And thank the heavens that this little gem has managed to ride out the last few years' financial turmoil and still be there to deliver good food at good prices to good people. Maybe that's the real reason they're still around!Inside, you are welcomed by a split dining room that is sparsely adorned and clearly outdated with a spattering of "Yooper"/upper-Michigan paraphenalia hung about, but that helps to reinforce the relaxed and comfortable attitude both the staff and menu display. It's obvious that this establishment thrives on the elderly-oriented business from the various mobile home parks, assisted-living homes and retirement communities surrounding it. Winter packs this place tight with "Snow Birds" at meal times, however, Red Mountain Cafe has something for everyone and the wait is never unreasonable.  My girlfriend and I are spirited young adults and even we found it to be a place we can relate to.The menu is classic American comfort food all the way. Totally an Eggs n' Bacon for breakfast, Sandwiches and Burgers for lunch type of affair with a few Americanized Mexican efforts tossed in (but not recommended). This is where post-game golfers go to lounge with a refreshing coke in hand and debate whether Coleslaw is more American than Potato Salad while they both share a basket of Sweet Potato Fries! All the food we have tried, aside from the Chimichanga, has been decent. The Philly Cheesesteak, one of my favorite items on the menu, isn't what I'd call entirely "authentic", but it's a darn tasty interpretation using thick cuts of fresh Roast Beef and a buttered, toasted hoagie bun!Prices are very reasonable. Both Third-Pound and Half-Pound Burgers are available for the hungry and the hungrier. Both the burgers and the decently-sized Sandwiches (not huge, but filling and tasty) range from $4-$7. Most menu items outside of breakfast come with at least one generous side, with primary choices being Coleslaw, Potato Salad, French Fries or a Side Salad. Various specials are posted on a board as you walk in and there is a Soup-of-the-Day available as well.The quality of the ingredients is excellent and the taste of all items we have tried has been very good. This isn't world-class dining by a long stretch, but better than the Denny's alternative! Service is what you'd expect from a place where regulars are referred to by name and the overall value for your money (and time) is high!If you can take a few minutes out of your day to enjoy this easy-going diner with horrible decor, I know you'll just love it!
4	Very good food.  I had the gyro and eggs.  My boyfriend had country fried steak and eggs.  All Very flavorful, not overly greasy.Ice tea was good (something I always look for).Cinnamon roll to share was 2.75HUGE.  For that price you might as well give it a try.  It was pretty tasty!Busy place yet service was still good. If they let a little sunlight in the place it would improve the atmosphere a lot.
5	Delicious homecooked meals with excellent service and fair price.Awesome place for breakfast or lunch.  Clean family cafe atmosphere.
5	Great fish fry on Wed & Fridays. Just like the midwest!
5	Great fish fry on Wed & Fridays. Just like the midwest!They keep providing great food time after time ... Please give them taste!
5	Delicious! The staff is super friendly, the food is great, and they are quick! Their cinnamon roll is amazing, but does have small pieces of cooked cinnamon apples. Lunch was decent, but we mostly just go there for breakfast.
4	Great homemade meals. Menu items are very affordable. My husband and I are frequent visitors, I think everytime we're the only ones under 50.
4	Michigan anything fans, this is your breakfast place.Really good breakfast selection, decent prices, and a very friendly staff. Im pretty sure we were the youngest people in the restaurant, but I dont care. Their food is GOOD.My husband enjoyed a Belgiun waffle, bacon, and eggs while I had the morning mashup...i think thats what it was called. It was basically a denver omelet w/ bacon mashed together w/ hash browns. While it didnt look "pretty", it was delicious.We'll definitely be visiting again when were in the east valley.
5	Great breakfast and service!  Warm, clean upbeat atmosphere.  Prompt and pleasant.
5	Was looking for a non-chain breakfast place in Mesa and picked Red Mountain Cafe based on the yelp ratings. We were seated immediately and our waitress came over right away to take our drink order. Whenever we ran low on coffee it was refilled promptly without having to ask for refills. I had the bacon & eggs breakfast, and hubby had the veggie omelet. Both were cooked perfectly and the hash browns were delicious as well. The food arrived quickly after we placed our order. All staff was very friendly and courteous. Will definitely go back again and would recommend to anyone looking for a great breakfast place.
3	Went into this little cafe for breakfast one morning because it was close to where I was visiting in Mesa, AZ. I love getting breakfast skillets because its a little of everything. Here I got he country skillet without the gravy. It wasn't anything special. Didn't taste special or anything either. My friend had the crunchy french toast and they looked soggy to me so I didn't try them. He also had the corned beef hash which looked pretty good. I gave this place 3 stars because there was good service but the food wasn't anything special.
4	So I do not usually go out to breakfast, however, this will be my spot from now on. Great food, service and he location was close to home....perfect! My country fried steak and eggs were good, a little smothered in gravy, but still good. I highly suggest this place for an as close to home taste that you can not find at the '$ilver' chains or dennys.....good stuff.
3	This place takes you back in time. Definitely dated decor and ambiance but works for its clientele and business objectives. Was fun to be in an atmosphere where things arent hustle and bustle. Customers were reading Sunday's paper, filling out cross word puzzles, working on craft projects...Food was good enough, as expected with the price point and home-cooking feel.
4	Great place for breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner! Very tasty food, with a classic homestyle taste. Decor is ok, especially if you're from Michigan.  A little dark on one side of the restaurant for my taste, but comfortable. Servers are a hit or miss, but their Friday fish fry is to die for!
1	Oh yelp you steered me wrong! Before I begin it should be known that I AM a yooper from the upper peninsula in Michigan and grew up with nothing but small "ma and pa" diners. Stick to your rib, no frills, just good hearty food was the norm for me, so I was excited to try this place. Moreover a restaurant owned by people from my neck of the woods was so appealing to me, and being a bit homesick, I dragged my hubby there this morning. What a disappointment. They were a little busy as to be expected on a Sunday, and we ignored the fact that a gentleman who came after us was seated first, but I think it struck a subconscious cord with us. Again, to be fair, there was a huddle of people by the register, how were they to know?  We were seated pretty quickly which was nice, but we had about four different waitresses throughout, none particularly pleasant because they were so quick and rushed. And I was disappointed that my attempt for small talk with our main waitress was rebutted. Damn, wanted to talk about Michigan but she had no clue where the owners were from (though there were "yooper" flags all over.Now the food. Corned beef hash was from a can (we were warned by our waitress) and my biscuits and gravy were dry with meatless gravy. Wonderbread toast, undercooked scrambled eggs and just weak coffee just made this breakfast heartbreaking. I really really hate to post this review. I am nowhere near a food snob or picky for that matter, but this was sad. Even the canned hash would be forgiven if there was flavor added (hell I grew up on the stuff). But we were left with upset tummies and even worse, wasted time. At least it was less that 30 bucks, but I would've paid double for a good meal and nice time.
5	I came back here for a pasty on Tuesday, as Tuesday is the only day you can get one.. A pasty is a pie crust pastry filled with meat and potatoes and other vegetables. It's like a pot pie in a pastry pocket. I had these as a kid when I lived in northern Wisconsin. This was a traditional staple in the early 1900s for the miners in upper Michigan. The miners would brag about whose wife made the best pasty. I'll bet the ones from this place would have taken the prize.    As always the hostess sat us immediately and the waitress was right there to take our drink order. When I got my pasty It was hot out of the oven. When I cut it open steam rose out of it filling the air with the delicious aroma I had remembered as a kid. It was quite large, but I savored every bite (what I could eat of it)     If you go it is recommended that you call ahead or come in early because they go quickly and they only make just so many for the day. They start serving at 11:00 am until they are gone.
5	I had the chicken fried steak and it was awesome. I am VERY picky when it comes to chicken fried steak and this was 5 star.  My friend had steak and eggs, and it was done perfect. I have not tried dinner or lunch but the breakfast is amazing. Everything is made from scratch. The service is 5 star. I will definitely be back!
4	One of our favorite places when we want a good, no frills, casual, come as you are atmosphere with friendly faces and service that is outstanding!!!!!  Food is good too and I've yet to have one of their cinnamon rolls. They look so amazing I'm afraid if I had one, I'd immediately go into a coma!!!!  This is really a CUTE little place!!
5	Delicious breakfast! Homemade food is the best! We had omelets, pancakes, and French toast with all the sides (sausage, bacon, and hash browns). Everyone left full and happy.
1	Red Mountain Cafe makes me sad. I wanted to like this place and love supporting local restaurants - but my entire experience was so disappointing.It took about 30 minutes for a waitress to take our order. She was very friendly, which I must say was the only plus. I ordered a corned beef sandwich and my friend ordered the cheese quasedilla. My sandwich was about an inch tall top to bottom, with soggy bread and some weird congealed mystery meat patty, which I'm guessing was from a can. It had a greyish color to it and was cold. Also there was NOTHING on the sandwich except for the bread and the canned meat. Not even mustard like the menu said. My friends quasedilla was so greasy he said he could "oil a car for months" with the grease. It stinks because the staff is so very friendly. But a LOT of work in needed on the management side of things - especially with the cooks. :( Will not be back.
1	I really have no clue why this place has a four star Yelp rating. Typically the choices I make based on reviews are pretty spot on. First time/last time visit Saturday morning for brunch. When our party arrived we waited roughly ten minutes not too bad and the place seemed rather full. Decor is extremely outdated and the restaurant is very dirty. After we were seated we quickly realized that the reason the place was packed is because the service is terribly slow. Took 10 minutes to get our initial drinks. At that time we placed our orders. 45 minutes later we received our food. Everyone in the party except for myself ordered breakfast. I was told only the gravy was good everything else was bland. I ordered the Reuben sandwich which was greasy, bland, and featured obviously canned sauerkraut. The French fries were not seasoned what so ever.I forgot to mention that my five year old sons food did not arrive with everyone elses. We assumed they would be right back with it. Ten minutes later when our waitress walked by I mentioned it and she did apologize but come on!!Highly recommend going to another establishment. I will never return.
1	Would give this place no stars if possible. Went on a Friday night for all- you-can-eat fish fry. Put in my name for 15 minute wait for a table. After half an Hr wait my husband went to check on our table only to find that they had scratched our names and given our table to someone else. After another wait we were finally seated. Took another half Hr to get our food...the special for heaven's sake. Fish was dry as shoe leather. Inedible for sure. Only thing edible was the baked potato. Guess they started the food when we signed in for the table & just kept it warm until we were allowed to eat it over an hour after entering their establishment. We were charged full price, no offer of free dessert for our inconvenience, no apology, just business as usual for them I guess.We were also told that they made true yooper pasties. Other than no rutabaggies, they were great, you just have to order ahead. No problem, except they stop making them in March so when I called ahead last week, I was told they aren't making them anymore. News flash...all eating Arizonans don't flock north for the summer. Some of us ex yoopers are here year round & support local restaurants all year! Poor customer service, poor food quality,  this place has been one disappointment after another. It's definitely a pass for us, we won't be back.
4	My coworker and I come here enough I think by now to type up a solid review. We normally order take out during breakfast hours to eat at work when we are starving and loving everything from this establishment. The prices are crazy reasonable and will come back because of the fact.  It is worth every penny and it's nothing to say wow their food is amazing, but for the price I will come back time and time again.  My coworker and I get the same thing every time. Steak and eggs with has browns for me potatoes for her and I always get the raisin bread and she gets the pancakes. The pancakes are pretty good even if they are cold and have been sitting for a bit. I know that sounds a bit gross but when you work in a high volume place with no breaks except a 30 minute lunch in between it's nice to have little bites every once in awhile as a snack.Before going to work today we decided to stop and eat there for once since we had a little bit of time.  Everything went fine, fast and smooth and no complaints what so ever.  The staff was beyond pleasant and that's always nice to have eating out.
1	We went to this restaurant because of the four-star rating. The first thing that I noticed when we walked in was a huge stain on the hostesses shirt. The restaurant to split into two sides.    Both sides have very old outdated booths and freestanding tables. The hostess wanted to seat us next to the door when you first walk in bad choice !!!!! First of all this is Mesa Arizona, every time that door opened 110 of heat came in. Not a good way to keep customers happy. We move to a booth where when I sat down there was basically no cushion. My bottom hits the hard flat surface that the cushion was supposed to protect you from. Our waitress was nice served us our coffee very fast but then decide to scream across the restaurant to tell a customer she had in the past about her masters degree she's getting over the Internet. The food was average, I really liked my coffee and my toast. My omelette was semi-warm.  my husband liked his breakfast, but he is a goat and will eat anything. I don't think we will be going back.
1	We went to this restaurant because of the four-star rating. The first thing that I noticed when we walked in was a huge stain on the hostesses shirt. The restaurant is split into two sides.    Both sides have very old outdated booths and freestanding tables. The hostess wanted to seat us next to the door when you first walk in, bad choice !!!!! First of all this is Mesa Arizona, every time that door opened 110 degrees of heat comes in. Not a good way to keep customers happy. We move to a booth where when I sat down there was basically no cushion. My bottom hits the hard flat surface that the cushion was supposed to protect you from. Our waitress was nice served us our coffee very fast but then decide to scream across the restaurant to tell a customer she had in the past about her masters degree she's getting over the Internet. The food was average, I really liked my coffee and my toast. My omelet was semi-warm.  my husband liked his breakfast, but he is a goat and will eat anything. I don't think we will be going back.
3	Average cafe.  Small not much seating but great lemon meringue pie!
1	This place is horrible and I have never thrown up after eating breakfast. But yes as soon as we left, they got there breakfast back. Negative 5 stars.
5	Red Mountain Cafe is a small locally owned cafe with down home good cooking. They are in the process of updating the inside making it feel more open and airy.Their food is reasonably priced and the portions are generous. Their pies, brownies, bread pudding, are all made on site three times a week and are absolutely the best. Whole pies can be ordered ahead of time, which I highly recommend.  They offer specials every day of the week, most notably their all you can eat fried and/or baked cod on Wednesdays and Fridays. The owners are from the upper peninsula of Michigan, thereby they offer a local upper Michigan favorite,  pasties (pronounced paesti), a scrumptious pie dough confection of beef, potatoes, carrots, onion, and turnip.   They offer a full menu ranging from a breakfast of simple bacon and eggs for breakfast to a shrimp & steak dinner. Highly recommended is their chicken fried steak, fried chicken, fish special, and chili. While these are some of my favorites, items such as their beef liver & onions, oriental chicken salad, and taco salads are just some of the favorites of regular customers.This restaurant is a very casual dining experience with friendly owners and wait staff. You can't go wrong trying it at least once. I bet you will keep going back.
3	I've been here for lunch a handful of times over the past 5 or 6 years.  I usually get their chicken schwarma, and I enjoy it.  I've never been for breakfast, although I went for dinner for the first time yesterday evening.  The thing about this place is that it's exactly what you should expect - homestyle food.  Mom and pop place frequented by a lot of locals/regulars.  Waitstaff has always been friendly.  The food is neither fancy nor gourmet.  Side salads consist of iceburg lettuce with some chopped tomatoes on top.  For dinner I got the Chicken Parmesan.  The chicken was nice and crispy, although the flavor of the tomato sauce was nothing to write home about, and the was only a small amount of cheese sprinkled on top.  The rest of the guests with me for dinner (from Michigan, I might add) enjoyed their meals.  And the taco salad that one of them ordered looked amazing! I guess what I'm trying to say is that no, the food here isn't fantastic.  It's okay, and the decor and prices are appropriate for the quality of their food.  Fellow yeplers, please keep in mind, this is a small place with down-home cooking, and a basic menu and flavors.  When you see 3 or 4 stars, it's 3 or 4 stars for the type of restaurant that this is.  You can't compare it to 3 or 4 stars at some fancy, high-priced eatery.
4	Red Mountain Cafe is one of scant few restaurants open at 5:00 AM in Mesa. The breakfasts are exceptional and reasonably priced.  Staff is friendly and attentive
5	My husband and I visited Red Mountain Cafe today and we must say that we were very satisfied. From the warm welcoming greeting at the door, the awesome service we received from the kind and humbled waitress, to the delicious omelette and breakfast burrito we've purchased. All around amazing place. We didn't know of it's existence until today when someone recommended it to us. It's small and cozy which made the visit that much more pleasant. We will be returning with our dear family and friends.
5	Popular place for the Snow Birds and the retired communities and good place for all ages.  Great comfort food.
5	The people who work there are really nice but the customers are amazing-we have met some of the nicest people in this little restaurant~
5	As for breakfast, 5 stars. Amazing, huge portions, SO cheap, great service and home-y feel to the place. As for the lunch....more like 3 stars. Portions are fine, but the options just aren't great.
5	Good Breakfast.  Had Denver Omelet,  nice portion.  Son had the country skillet,  breakfast plate mixed up and covered with gravy, delicious!   Cheap meal if you get waters.   Our tab blew up another $5 with juice and coffee.   Opens at 5am, good enough to take the kids if there awake early before school.   Only drawback was the old guys with the heavy sailor talk, and the weak signal WiFi.   Good portion,  good prices.
