4	I have a long history with this place, which is where I worked my first job at 16.  It's run by two Sicilian immigrants and there 2 sons.  Originally the owners had a joint in NY, but moved to the valley and opened this place.They run a military style kitchen where cleanliness is enforced to a maximum.  Almost everything is personally overseen by one of the two owners.They offer a regular Italian menu... the regular pasta choices, nothing too fancy and no Alfredo entree.They have some meat entrees with veal and chicken.The pizza is NY style and really good and rich.They offer a Garlic and Olive Oil pizza that is so good.  I get it with pepperonchinis on it.  The crust on the Sicilian pizza is the best I've had. Sometimes I just crave a small cheese pizza from this joint.The Eggplant Parmesan is in the house here, but everything holds it's own.It's priced ridiculously well, so much so, that the senior citizens roll out from Sun City all the time.They have a few beers on tap, all domestic, and some decent wine, but nothing fancy at all.The bottom line is that the food is good and cheap and the place is real.
2	Unfortunately, the family who owned the restaurant for more than 30 years decided to sell and get out of the business. This restaurant was part of my family for the majority of those 30 years and there was no better pizza in Phoenix. You can keep Pizzaria Bianco. He's got nothing on Sal. There was a family feeling...and when you were a regular, you felt like part of that family. We had many a family dinner at this restaurant and to know that Sal, Vonda and the boys are no longer there is like losing a part of your own family. We gave the new owners a fair chance. The new owners clearly don't know how to make pizza and either didn't buy Sal's recipes or just haven't bothered to learn the technique. We ordered 4 pizzas and each one of them had a different degree of doneness. My husband described the sandwich in his review below....and when we asked why the sandwich had to be heated when it's supposed to be a COLD CUT sandwich, we couldn't get a satisfactory answer. If the Restifo's are out there....we miss you and wish you would buy back the place. It's not Paesano's without you.
4	New owner, great food!  We have not been to Paesanos for a long time and were very happy to discover the food is now great!  I was always a fan of their pizza, but when I had the Eggplant, it was just delicious.  The owner walks around making small talk and filling glasses making you feel like it's an Italian restaurant.  They have updated the dining room as well since it was pretty shabby before.  Whenever I hear Dean Martin, this is where I will want to eat good neighborhood Italian food.
3	i went to this restuarant because i had a coupon in my entertainment book, and it was extremely close to my house.first, the new owners don't like it when people use coupons. he said people who used them were 'moochers.' this even before we stepped into the restaurant. he didn't issue to coupon, the old owners did. so he doesn't allow anyone to use them for chicken, veal or pizza. that eliminates about 70% of the menu. there is even a sign on the front door addressing coupon bookers specifically.anyway. the food was fine, if not a touch expensive without the discount. i had the lasagna. my friend had something i can't pronounce -- spaghetti noodles, peppers, onions, tomatoes and a lot of oil. i liked it just fine, but she thought i lacked seasoning.i enjoyed that the place was small. it felt like 1975 with the decor and music.i probably won't go here again.
2	We went here again a couple of weeks ago, and the previous experience was much better than this time. I ordered eggplant parm and the eggplant had very tough skin left on it. I was spitting out the purple tough skin with every bite. Also the owner and a waitress had kind of a disagreement which left the customers feeling very awkward. They did make up, but it was not the nice place I went to before.
1	STAY AWAY. I didn't want to get any further into my review without declaring my warning up close and personal. From start to finish my recent experience with Paesano was atrocious. First, I called to ask if they had a website since I would be ordering a lot of food for a work event and the guy gave me a website that doesn't exist. When I told him it didn't work he raised his voice in a "are you stupid tone"? He repeated the spelling of the website which still didn't exist so I finally asked for him to fax a copy of the menu.When I placed the order the next day I asked if they include paper plates and utensils to which he replied in the same "are you stupid tone" "uhhh why would we do that? People either eat in our restaurant or they take the food home where they have plates and forks there."  OK...When I arrived to pick up the food at 4:00 like I said I would, no one was at the front counter.  An entire five minutes goes by and still no one.  So, I called the restaurant from INSIDE the restaurant until someone came out to acknowledge me. Turned out to be the same gruff guy from the phone who appeared to be the owner and manager.  Nothing was ready...not even the side salads. He disappeared and spent another 10 minutes preparing the food which came out to extremely small portions for the price.  I mean, each little ravioli cost around $2 a piece!  When he went to ring me up the final kicker ensued.  First, he charged me for 9 entrees when I ordered 7.  When I asked him to go over the itemized receipt he said "what, you don't trust me?"  Ummm...hello...NO turns out I shouldn't trust you at all since you overcharged me for 2 invisible meals!  Then, without apologizing for his mistake, he rang me up again and this time charged me $1000.06 for my 7 meals. You read that  correctly - one THOUSAND dollars.  When I looked at the credit card bill before signing I pointed out his error and he replied "No, it says 100 dollars."  To which I was blown away.  I practically had to shove the bill in his face for him to accept his mistake.  Finally, 20 minutes after I was supposed to have left I finally had my overly priced food and paid the correct amount.  The owner/manager could not have been ruder and I hope this review prevents you from facing his wrath in the future.
4	This restaurant has opened under new owners and a new cook.  They struggle because the former restaurants had a bad reputation.  Try them again, I think you'll be pleased.  This is a small, family owned restaurant with  friendly staff and will go out of their way to create a dish to your pleasure and taste.  Please ignore the old bad reviews and give them a chance.  The food is fresh and delicious.
4	Ignore the former bad reviews!  That was then (under different owners) this is now!  Paesano's is back with new owners.  Paesano's makes everything fresh to order, and serves a nice variety of Italian food.  A nice, quiet family restaurant where you can actually relax and have a conversation with your dinner companions.  I recommend the chicken piccatta.  Excellent.  Their salads contain dark greens, unlike so many with the cheap head lettuce.  They are opened only for late lunch and dinner during the summer.  Give them a try.  You'll be pleased and will return often.
