4	A nice local pizza/pasta place, with a bar area to catch the game.  They offer whole wheat pasta which was different.  The bread/marinara was nice for a hungry dinner group.  Service was attentive and friendly.Its in a far corner of a strip mall so you gotta look hard for it or you'll miss it.3 stars +1 for friendly service.
4	We've eaten here several times. My grand kids came to visit us for Christmas. They love pizza, so what better place to bring them to..Streets of NY. There were seven of us and our server was very patient and took care of the kids first with color crayons. We order the large chopped antipasto salad which I could eat as a meal but we split it four ways and was wonderful.Our server was knowledgeable and accommodating. She really added he personality to the dining experience.We ordered the extra large, 18" on a thin crust, but was told only 16" and below can be made with a thin crust.All in all, it was a great place for the kids and adults to have dinner.
2	The last few times we went in there were MANY dirty tables.  We walked in the other night and almost every table was uncleaned, the kid who worked there was just standing there; he made no attempt to say hello or make a move to bus the tables.  We loudly stated that if they couldn't even clean the tables, they probably wouldn't be able to serve us either, turned around, and walked out (we went to Euro Pizza instead).  Although I liked the food on past visits I am definitely turned off to Streets at this point, not sure if we will ever go back again.  I hope management reads this and does a reassessment of their business practices.  We need good places to eat in Fountain Hills.  Tell me you made changes and we will be back.
4	Good food, good atmosphere and their pizza & wing special is fantastic.   Great for a night out that isn't that pricy...love this place.  As snowbirds, we like to find places that serve good food with reasonable prices.   Fairly clean & good atmosphere & staff is friendly & are very helpful.
4	I stop in here from time to time with a friend who lives locally. We really enjoy their chicken cobb salad and have never ordered anything else! I have to say that the people who work here are all VERY friendly. Everyone greets you and the atmosphere is really relaxed and enjoyable. I know this is a 'chain' but this one feels like a local hangout with friendly people!
4	Really good pizza! I ordered the "combo" on recommendation from a friend, and it has a whole lotta stuff on it and is very good. We tried the "thin crust" version of their pizza, and we found that a bit too thin. The regular thicker dough is awesome. Also great wings, we ordered them "hot". They were quite good, the wings themselves are more seasoned than hot, but the hot sauce finishes them nicely. On a separate day I ordered delivery versus pick-up on a Friday night, and delivery was pretty quick. Also, they offer a 15% discount for military (thank you!). Very good pizza! I'll go back again!
2	Sorry to say this place has been better in the past.  It is in need of a really deep cleaning, there is a funky odor of natural gas when you walk in the door.  The gluten free pizza we had was very good, next time I will just order carry out-not eat in.  If you do eat in and order wings, make sure you tell them if you want them to come out BEFORE your pizza, otherwise everything comes out at the same time.
2	Service, excellent. Food just edible. Place feels a little dirty, sticky tables and seats. Won't come back. Been to far better Streets of New York restaurants.
3	Just moved into the neighborhood, so thought we'd give Streets of NY a try. Decided to go in to pick up the pizza instead of ordering delivery. We didn't make it very far in, because they have a pick up desk just inside the door, but it looked clean and appeared fine (no sticky floors like one of the other reviewer mentioned).I was disappointed to find that the sausage was little mini balls, I generally find that sliced tastes better - I am the one that prefers the fajita meat in her tacos, instead of ground beef, too.I gave the pizza three stars because the dough wasn't as crisp as I like it. It was good, just a little too - um - doughy/soft for me. It kind of reminded me of the last time I had Dominoe's (which was ages ago).I will definitely order again, perhaps I'll try pepperoni next time - they also have a good sized menu, so there's a lot of options.
3	Tried it again the other night - and still kind of 'eh.Found out later that they also offer thin crust pizza. Definitely will try that next time.Still looking for the perfect pizza nearby our new house.
1	You know, I really loved this restaurant and it is a shame that they have lost my and my family's business for good. First off, their management needs a lesson in customer service! One fine Saturday evening, my parents and I were babysitting my nieces and we decided to order pizzas from Streets of New York for the whole family. One of the pizzas we asked them to hold the cheese as I'm vegan and I do not eat cheese. Well, we drive all the way there to pick up the food, drive all the way home and there's cheese on my pizza. This prompted me to call and speak to the manager who argued with me saying I said I wanted cheese on the pizza essentially calling me a liar and not offering any solution to the problem. Why would I say I wanted cheese on the pizza when I don't eat it? Doesn't make sense, right?! After spending $77 that night I was forced to order a new pizza and spend even more money and time going to pick it up. It really stinks because I was starting to eat here about once a week. Because of the poor service I received I am no longer visiting this location.
4	Excellent service and we really enjoyed the food. We had the antipasti salad and meatball pizza. We were served passion bread as an appetizer and it was delicious.Would definitely come again...1 star off for torn vinyl in the booths.
3	They a pretty good. My sister, wife, and I have been eating here more frequently. Passion bread and sauce is free during lunch and dinner an it's pretty good. It use to be amazing though. Pretty much all their food is at or above average. I generally get their Greek salad which is always really good. Service has slacked off in the last couple years, but at worst It has never been 'bad' service.
3	Gave them another try yesterday, they were on our way somewhere and it seemed convenient. Yep. Pizza still 3 stars. Max.My hubby is on a carb-free diet right now, so he had the boneless wings.  They weren't bad. But I didn't raise their number of stars for this because you can't really screw up wings.The waiter was FABULOUS though, attentive, polite and thoughtful.  I guess he sensed that we were on our way to something and offered us sodas to go.Perfect observation.  Got himself a really good tip.:) thanks dude
4	So, after my exchange with Rick the other day thought I'd give them a try again - this time opted out of pizza all together and went for another menu item.Chicken Pesto Penne - it was delicious! As restaurants like to do with pasta, there was way to much on the plate, more than anyone should eat in one sitting. I ate some of the pasta, all of the chicken, and saved the rest of the pasta for lunch this afternoon.The hubs (still on his carb-free diet) had the Italian Sausage with cheese, without marinara sauce. He said it was really good.The wait staff on the floor last night was quite young. Our waitress was nice enough but really needs some additional training. She'd ask a question and walk away before we were finished answering it - one of those times, if she had listened, she would have realized that I wanted bread to come with my meal.Not her fault, we aren't born with customer service skills. We need to be taught them from the folks senior to us. At least the food didn't sit under the heat lamp or anything 'drastic'.This was the first time we ate indoors. I will say that the "windows" on the kitchen side of the seating area is adorable. Bricks on the kitchen wall, so that it kind of looks like you're sitting inside looking out on the streets of NY. Very cute.I'm giving them 4 stars - and don't see them going above that. Here's why, so that my new friend, Rick, knows. This place is seen as a pizza place, the name says it - the front of the menu says it - the first word in their 3 word description says it (Pizza, Pasta, Subs). For a pizza place to be 5 stars, the pizza should knock my socks off, and the rest should be icing on the cake!
2	Couple days ago I visited a Streets of New York. My friend was driving and we were drinking so I may be confused, but I am pretty sure this is the one.  We had a tiny server named Carly?  Is this the right one?  Anyways, it was a big mistake.  My server looked like she may have been seventeen --while wearing makeup--and she acted even younger.  The personality that she wore at our table seemed to quickly dissolve when she exchanged words with members of the staff and I overheard countless inappropriate remarks made by her.  In addition to the unprofessional nature of our server, our food (which was mediocre) was apparently messed up by the kitchen (=server error), the tables were sticky and disgusting, and I walked out less satisfied than when I walked in.  two enthusiatic thumbs down
5	I've read some of the reviews and was really surprised.  We are here from Oregon and came here one night close to closing and the staff was polite, didn't rush us and the pizza was the best we can remember ever having.  The restaurant was very clean - the sticky feel of the tables is because they need to be revarnished.  If this is what you call bad food, dirty and bad service you must have been having a hard day.   Love this and wish it were closer. It's the best.
1	A place that does not care if there is soap to wash your hands in the bathroom....same bathroom they use....just don't even go there.  They have purell in the front, so I thought I was saved.  Empty!  And the tables were filthy. Not just sticky but layers of crud built up like on the floor of a brawling barroom.  Oh my oh my.  Don't don't don't go here.
5	LOVE THE HAPPY HOUR!I've read some good reviews and some horrible reviews about this Streets. I have reviewed this location before, but felt that I should update my review after reading about the filthy tables and poor customer service.  We usually visit during happy hour (4 - 6 PM).  I know the quality of service depends on the server but our service has always been excellent. I have never seen a dirty table while I have been there.  The wait staff is quick to clean up.  The cheesy bread is great; and their pizza by the slice is an excellent price.  I highly recommend this location.
