1	On my way to the airport I wanted something fast that wasn't McDonald's, Wendy's, Taco Bell, Del Taco, Carl's Jr or Jack In The Box.OH LOOK! KFC across the street. I always said I wanted to try it. Mostly because I haven't had KFC in a long, long time. I think the KFC I ate in India didn't count, because it was in another country...anyway, I digress.Whatever you do, don't go. Please, don't go. I took a verrrry big hit for the Mesa/PHX yelpers in going here. I'm surprised I didn't get food poisoning. The place is disgustingly filthy. The tables were sticky and from a distance they all looked clean until you sat down. I wanted to cry. I really did. It's such a huge contrast to the other fast food restaurant I went to.Booths were unstable as was the clientele. I felt really overdressed in my grubby jeans and grubby shirt.The cashier and the servers were friendly and nice...I think they realized I was the only customer that wasn't high on something. I was truly disturbed by some of their patrons - they were walking adverts for "DON'T DO DRUGS".I think this KFC/A&W really killed any and all future KFC cravings. I said that this place wasn't good for kids - mostly because I'm worried they'll catch next year's strain of the flu - yup, if you want to get your immune system up, come here. Ok, going to go shower now that I remember what this place was like. *shudders*
3	I was greeted by a friendly cashier as I entered and my order was taken immediately.  The price was outrageous but I paid it cuz me and the kids were hungry. The order was ready quickly and we were served with a pleasant attitude. The Restaurant was clean And everything was well stocked.
1	I just get more and more disgusted every time I come to this place. Kfc used to be really good, but now the chicken is very dry, the buns aren't that great, and it has gotten pretty pricey. In all honesty its not very clean either. The only thing that's worth buying anymore is the mashed potatoes.
1	Yeah, Kentucky Fried Chicken (KFC) just doesn't taste the same as it did as a kid and we all know why... Crappy quality of ingredients and hormone stuffed poultry!But I gave this KFC location 1-star due to the fact that they stole $0.39 from me. Sure what's thirty-nine cents you ask... Nothing, other than the fact that it was taken from me without my permission.They have two signs that clearly read: "Additional fee of $0.39 will be added for debit card use." - or something to that effect. So I cleverly used my credit card... Only to find the fee had been added to that too.So... here's to you, you piece of crap franchise owner who feels that it's necessary to make a profit from patrons wanting to use plastic, instead of eating the expense (which we all know is much less than $0.39 per transaction) like every other restaurant and business across the country does.I think I'll go through your drive-thru a couple of times a month, order $40 to $50 dollars worth of food, then refuse to accept the food if I'm forced to pay an "inconvenience" fee when I hand them my debit/credit card. The thought of your KFC location having to regularly waste money by throwing out a $50 order here and there ought to make me feel better about your theft from me!I hope others follow suit until you start acting right!
5	This location is the second location nearest to my home. The other location on Baseline pass Rural Rd in Tempe is terrible. I come to this location as they are very quick and if something will take longer they let you know before they complete your order. Normally it is the 20 count of hot wings that take longer. They are very courtieus and helpful. The restaurant is very clean and neat. Lastly there are no derilects hanging in the restaurant doing nothing and harrassing the customers.
