4	It's been two and a half years since I first visited Lake Las Vegas, and this is only my second visit.  The only thing I can remember from that visit was the gelato shop that my then 'just a friend' took me to.  Fast forward to the past weekend and I look forward to the shop that brought a smile to my face that early Spring evening.It wasn't too busy this past Saturday evening, even with the opera performances going on outside.  The "now the BF" and I tried two flavors each before making our final decision.  With the small cup, you can have two flavors, "Creme Brulee" and "Mint Chocolate" for myself, and "Chocolate Hazelnut" and Coffee" for him.  Can I just say, my creme brulee was so yum, and I mean real yum.  Per their website, it says its baked with cream and caramel.  It's oh so good!And the guy helping us was super nice.  Being a total tourist, I asked if he could take a picture of us.  He offered to take a picture of us in front of the gelato, thus having him come out from behind the counter!  What a nice guy! Nonetheless, gelato always tastes good on my palate, and great service makes it a fabulous experience overall.They also offer a frequent eater card!  Buy ten, and get the 11th one free!
4	what is it about this place i remember so much?was it the GF's half and half cup of  "so yum, and I mean real yum", sweet and caramelly Cream Brulee gelato and her Mint Chocolate gelato that tasted like a frozen melted Andes Mint on steroids?was it my half and half cup of Coffee gelato that tasted like those Japanese Pokka-brand canned Coffee drinks?or was it the Chocolate Hazelnut that tasted like a frozen and creamier version of Nutella? was it the outdoor seating overlooking Lake Las Vegas?it was neither of those.  i remember it because that was the first place i took my "then" friend to catch up on old times, who would later become my favorite dining companion, and who now returns with me to this Gelato place as my biggest crush, my favorite dining companion, and my GF!!!
4	As some one who has lived in an Italian town and had very easy access to the best gelati in the world, I have a right to be a gelati snob. Tutti Gelati, located at The Village on Lake Las Vegas, has delicious gelati, which has been hard to find since moving to Las Vegas. The flavor selection is nice, balancing between fruit sorbets and more creamy flavors for gelati. I had the fior de latte (sweet cream) and the hubby had the fragola (strawberry). It was the perfect treat after a great lunch at Luna Rossa (see my review) on a perfectly sunny 90 degree day. Granted the prices are a little high, even for one scoop in a cup ($3.95), you are paying not only for the yummi treat but the location. So keep that in mind. It's kind of like paying for food at a golf course clubhouse- everyone knows you're really paying for the view.
3	I also lived in Italy, but I was a bit disappointed in the gelato.  This was our first trip out to Lake Las Vegas.  It was not that good and it was too pricy for the lack of quality.  The three of us, my husband, our three year old and I, got strawberry and hazelnut.  Cosi cosi, me dispiaca.
4	I was excited to have some gelato after some tiresome ice skating! The hazelnut was good. Very authentic gelato, also the ones with a shot of expresso over them that looked amazing, but im not a big coffee lover. If I was at the Lake again, I'd definitely have some more!
3	I was impressed by the variety of gelato and sorbet flavors offered at Tutti Gelati. From grapefruit to mixed berry, I could tell just by looking that the sorbets were made with fresh fruit;  The gelato flavors ranging from Stracciatella (chocolate chip) to pumpkin all looked delicious. After trying some samples, I settled on the affogato ($5.95)- a shot of espresso poured over a scoop of gelato of any flavor. I chose a scoop of Creme Brulee gelato to accompany the shot of espresso. I don't know what happened to the gelato during the making of my affogato because the gelato I had in the affogato was not the same gelato I sampled au natural. Before being affogato-fied, the Creme Brulee gelato was yummy and smooth, with crispy flecks of burnt sugar. However, after being doused with espresso, the once smooth gelato turned gritty and powdery, making for a not-so-great treat, texture wise. Flavor wise, the affogato was good- the bitter espresso balanced the sweetness of the gelato. I don't think I'll be visiting Tutti Gelati anytime soon. Maybe if it was closer, I would give this place another try, but because it is all the way in Lake Las Vegas, I think revisits will be hard to come by.
4	I decided to stop in the other day after giving a shot at ice skating at Lake Las Vegas. I was tired and hot. An affogato (gelato with a shot of espresso) was just what I needed. I got the hazelnut affogato and it definitely hit the spot. It was just what I needed after skating up a sweat. Tutti Gelati is way on the other side of town unfortunately. If it was closer I'd be a regular.
1	This place might have OK gelato, but dont go for the coffee. They dont know how to make a soy latte, and if you cant do that, then I dont know what youre doing in business. I was drawn in by the illy signage, but once inside, I got a soy latte made with the last few drips of soy in the carton and the "barista" tried to give me a 2/3 full cup that I just pay nearly $4 for.  I hope Lake las vegas gets better businesses, so the place can be successful
4	We had dessert here after a great dinner at Sunset and Vines.My gf never had an Affogato so it was about time to break her in to this wonderfully simple Italian dessert. Just delicious vanilla gelato and a shot of espresso. One bite and I saw her go to a good place!I had the blood orange gelato which I always get and this time, it was pretty bitter. I will still go there everytime though, there are very few places out here to get real gelato.
4	The gelato was outstanding. I have to deduct a star because it was overpriced....sorry. If they knocked a dollar off each size, I would give 5 stars. I had the caramel cappuccino....so yummy. This is a great place to walk to  after a nice dinner. I didn't feel so guilty eating all of those calories while I was walking around eating pure sin in a cup.
4	Came in during a wonderful warm and sunny afternoon at Lake Las Vegas. Asked about pistachio. Was told that they had ordered the ingredients but they hadn't arrived. No pistachio gelato? That's just wrong!!!! Fortunately the service was good and my alternative was delicious. Wouldn't drive all the way to Lake Las Vegas for this but if I'm in the area and craving something sweet, I'll stop by again.
3	We happened to be in the area for a wine walk and had a hankering for some sweets so we decided to try the place out. First thing I notice is that the employees were pretty friendly. They'll gladly offer you any any samples you are interested in and explain the ingredients. We tried several flavors. I certainly enjoyed the mint. We ended up eating a mix of some cappucino flavored ice cream and a mint with chips. It's good ice cream-- better than you would find at a Baskin Robbins (are those even still around?) or a Dairy Queen. Yes, I understand that this is not exactly the same kind of ice cream as you would find there but this was all I could really compare it to because I know nothing about gelato. I wasn't exactly blown away by the stuff to be honest though. Sure it was good and had a nice creamy texture but I wouldn't say it was better than you would find at your local Ben & Jerry's or Coldstone. Of course-- it is DIFFERENT as a gelato and so it's not really fair for me to make that comparison. If this is what you are craving, I don't see why you shouldn't give it a try. I don't know if its worth driving to Lake Las Vegas for, but if you're already here, why not?
3	Gelato was great! Service and ambiance not so much. The person working did not have anything resembling a uniform on--not that there's anything wrong with logo tees, but they don't scream professional. Additionally, he was playing metalcore music, loudly, in the back. Not exactly Lake Las Vegas. Most of the flavors were out--it was almost closing time on a Saturday night with Jazz on the Lake happening--but we decided on Hazelnut and Chocolate Chip. The Hazelnut was grainy because of the nuts ground inside it, and it was really good. The Chocolate Chip was like any traditional choco-chip gelato--good, basic, with just enough light sweetness. I'm glad that I finally tried it, living in the area and all. It's a nice little stop in LLV!
