4	This is a new little cafe that is great for lunch or take out. They currently close at 7 so don't show up at 6:55 ,like I did, and expect to eat in.  (They were very kind and didn't give me any dirty looks as I walked in the door at closing).  The food is fresh and well prepared. I had a wonderful chicken wrap that comes with grilled vegetables, lettuce tomato, olives, pickles,  hummus or other great sauce options.One  thing I liked was that they were smart enough to offer both wheat or white wraps and the wheat was good!  The chicken was moist and the veggies were grilled to perfection.They also have your traditional gyro, beef or vegetarian wraps.You certainly won't leave here hungry the portions are grand and the price is right!  Check it out and say hi to the owner/grill master " Moe."
4	Went here and had a gyro. One of the best gyros I have had yet. Better then the ones you get up at neros(but that is beef after all). Also better then the gyro meat at my big fat greek restaurant . I know I will start going back there and for around 10$ I got a salad ,drink some potatos and some gyro meat with tzatziki. the salad was very fresh, the potatoes where ok nothing special and as I said the gyro was good.as a side note wrap is on pita. don't know why but I was thinking tortillas chips.
5	Oh my DELICIOUS! Can I give this place a 6? Most recently residing in the DC area, I know kebab, and this place, is GREAT! We go to LA Fitness and I always see this place and been meaning to go in. After a quick investigation on Yelp and a trip to the dog park I decided to stop by and pick up some lunch on the way home. I had the chicken kebab wrap on wheat. The chicken was sublime! Great flavor, grilled to perfection, juicy and tender! The peppers that they grill as well are so good too. I'm never making kebabs at my house again, I'm just going to come here. Plus it comes loaded up with veggies: lettuce, tomato, onion, olives and pickles. Plus, the sauce of the gods, tzatziki, which makes it a little messy, but oh so delicious! If I had one complaint it would be that there was a little too much tzatziki, but then again, is there really any such thing? It's not exactly casual date food, unless of course you are trying to show your date that you have good taste and don't mind laughing at a little bit of tzatziki on your face. I only got take out, but the space is bright and clean, simple with few tables outside as well as in. The girl at the counter was super nice and personable, and we chatted as the owner grilled that amazing chicken. Oh yeah, did I mention it's not a chain, and in Awahtukee, I know, I didn't think it was possible either. I think that deserves a 7th stars. Oh yeah, and I got that great big delicious wrap and a soda for $6.65! Suck on that McDonalds! So get yourself some napkins, and go get yourself some Grill Wrap Cafe! Now!
2	Sorry to say but I'm not a fan after my first visit. Maybe I just ate on an off day but I dint enjoy the flavors as much when compared to say Pita Jungle and though the meat and vegetables were over done service was very friendly though so it wasn't all bad
