2	This place is okay, I suppose. I do enjoy the location which is really near a couple of different freeway entrances and just about everything you could ever want is within a convenient distance. I also appreciate the conveniences of having a washer and dryer in every unit and the granite counter tops - in these ways this apartment complex did not take shortcuts. It is with the management that I take issue! More than once when I have gone into the office to pay rent they can be kind of rude or act like I am inconveniencing them by interrupting their day to give them money. Also, I have complained numerous, and I do mean MANY times, that my name is not in the gate box where guests have to call you in order to get inside the gate. Each time I call them to discuss it or go into the office they sit behind their desk and access the code from their computer. Despite the several times I have told them my name is still not in the dang gate box, they are too lazy to walk all the way over the gate or simply believe that whatever they are doing on their computer is not working. It is hugely inconvenient for me to have to get my gate opener and walk out to let guests in after they have to call my cell phone. This place kinda sucks and I will be glad to give my money to someone else who is appreciative and gives me quality service when in this economy people would LOVE my monthly rent check.
1	This place is very nice  as far as the amenities. But the neighbors are nosey as hell! Also the maintenance is very nosey, I can't wait until my lease is over . I'm paying more for this apartment than a 3 bedroom house where I can have my privacy. This is a horrible place to rent from stay away if you can!!! Management will walk all over you. They will also harass you calling about noise complaints when your not even home
1	My roommate and I are both female college graduates with full time jobs. We lived in Tesora from October 2012 December 2013. When we signed our lease, we paid rent, a $250 cleaning fee, a $350 non-refundable pet deposit and agreed to pay a $30 per month pet rent for my declawed 4 year old cat. We had a pretty uneventful year, always paid rent on time, the cat never had an accident and we never received any complaints. Throughout the year the management changed, they were fine just seemed like they didn t know what they were doing. My roommate and I notified the office that we weren t planning to renew our lease 60 days out per our lease agreement. When we notified the office, we asked about any fees & what was due upon move out. They gave us the prorated rent and said that we would be getting $70 back for our garage door openers. We moved out, cleaned our place and handed in our keys. A month after move out, we get a bill for $260 for a carpet cleaning fee. My roommate and I both called the office to speak with the office manager, Daisy. Instantly she got defensive and said that we are wrong our cleaning fee, pet deposit and pet rent are all ADMINISTRATIVE FEES ($1,020) that cover nothing at move out. She then sent us photos of our carpet with no stains, as proof of a third parting stating that they needed to dye the whole thing. She never once allowed us to do a walk through when we moved out and now we can t see the carpet because there are new tenants. We received no evidence of a stain or that the work was actually completed.I decided to give it one more try and state my case, I called the corporate office. I spoke to a receptionist on 12/30 and was told I would be called right back. Our bill is due on 1/9. I called back on 12/31, 1/1 & 1/2 with no answer. I finally got ahold of someone on 1/3 that put me in touch with Wendy, the Vice President. The second she answered the phone she had a terrible attitude. I calmly explained that I didn t think that we should be charged extra when we had already paid over $1,000 in what would be considered cleaning fees . She snipped back, why wouldn t you need to pay this? She kept saying that they had an invoice from the third party that stated the extra fees. At one point she said, you re just upset because you don t want to pay, but that s not going to happen. Next, I stated that I would like proof of an inconsistency in the carpet because the photos don t show us anything. She just repeated that they have an invoice. She ended the conversation with You can take us to small claims court, you won t be the first one. And we haven t lost a case yet. The money isn t the only thing I m angry about. I am upset at the fact that both Daisy and Wendy were extremely unprofessional and rude. They acted as if my roommate and I were terrible tenants, which was NOT the case. Anyone that came to our apartment would comment how clean we kept it, and now we have to pay extra for a fee that we can t prove. If you are considering Tesora, my advice would be to not let them know you have an animal because you will have to pay the deposit and rent ($770) and have to pay upon move out any way.
1	Upon moving out, we had a deal with Kim the manager. She stated that if we moved out in 5 days, she would waive the penalty. She called the corporate office and they agreed, we were sooo happy ! So we rushed found a new place and moved within the 5 days (crazy I know) . About 2 weeks later we got a bill for $2,000!!! I was sooo mad because when I looked at the bill, it had said that the blinds in all the rooms needed to be replaced, carpet and cleaning fee!!! I'm pretty sure I paid a deposit for the cleaning fee upon moving in and when we were touring the manager stated all the carpet is replaced with each new tenant and the blinds were fine when we moved out ! I did not want to deal with Kim the manager so I called the finance department at corporate immediately. I spoke with Garrett who worked with me on payment but stated there was no way to not pay any of the fees. so basically we moved out in 5 days and STILL paid the penalty!! This place is horrible and unless u have a lot of money that your willing to throw at them, avoid ovation. Oh yeah and once I finished paying their money back I got an email stating that if I wanted to live at another ovation property that could be possible. I definitely told him that I would never over my dead body live at another ovation property on my life !
1	do not move here!!
1	Warning do not move into this place!!! Very unprofessional and always changing staff! Will charge you for everything they can! I would never live in any of the ovation properties again!
