3	This restaurant called Jimmy Chungs on Waverley Bridge is a great place to dine out with family or friends. They offer a range of chinese food in a buffet meal. The starters, mains are lovely and taste delicious. The dessert range is great from icecream to cakes. The waiters or waitress are very quick at their jobs and don't keep you waiting for long. It does get very busy there, so I do think booking is a good idea just to make sure you get a space if you have more than 5 guests. Its got a great view so you can see out and the restaurant is near the train station too.
3	All-you-can eat buffet always attracts my attention. I came here for lunch after an big night out with some friends. Word of advice for those about to eat at a buffet: avoid tummy expanding food stuff. Make the most of your money by eating slowly (if you can- I am still working on that) and being careful on what you eat i.e skip the bread and stuff that will bloat you.As expected we rolled out of here with the aftertaste (and the breath) of over-processed food covered- literally- in gluten sauce. Sexy.However, there is a huge selection. It just all tastes the same by the end of it.But it hit the spot. We weren't hungry for days. Neither did we crave Chinese for a while.
3	Theres something about chinese food that makes the prospect of an all you can eat buffet a wonderful thing - and I'm not talking about huge amoiunts of addictive MSG!Jimmy Chungs is really well located - theres nothing quite like a day on Princes Street then a going for the lunch buffet, you'll not need to eat for days! There is a huge amount of food to eat, all different sorts as well. Trouble is thats its all a bit samey and really, its not the best quality. On saying that though, I really enjoyed the food (it's tasty, if not good quality) and it wasnt hugely expensive. Pretty good over all!
3	I once heard that Jimmy Chungs in Elgin got shut down for serving Seagull meat. I don't know if that's true or not, but I do know that Jimmy Chings in Elgin was shut for about 3 weeks mysteriously. Do do dooo do doooo.....So I'm always a bit apprehensive of this Chinese chain, following the Elgin story. However I came here recently and was quite surprised at how good the selection was and how tasty it was. I must admit, I avoided the meat unless I was totally sure what it was. It's your bog-standard Chinese, although this one does have an outside area, which I imagine is quite nice in the summer!It's all reasonably prices too, they always have big banners outside advertising cheap prices etc. It's an all-you-can-eat buffet, so value for money is amazing.
3	The premise of an unlimited buffet is always tempting but there's always the fear that your delving into trays of re-heated slop and left over gruel.There should be no such concerns when dining at Jimmy Chung's as the buffet food on offer is a satisfactory. Note the fairly bland choice of wording there as the food could never be described as spectacular.As far as Chinese buffets, this one is A-OK.
3	I have trouble saying "no" to a Chinese buffet. Perhaps it's something in my genes that's lacking. Whatever it is, I just can't seem to be able to walk on by. When I saw this upon my arrival to Edinburgh, I bookmarked it, as I knew I would have to be back. Jimmy Chung's has an ideal location for loads of walk-by traffic, right on the Waverley Bridge above the train station and across from where all the tour buses start/end their journeys. As such, I had high hopes for them.I won't say I was disappointed, but it was only about average. The food wasn't ethnic by any means. More like what I would call "Americanized" but in Scotland, I suppose here it would be "Anglicized". None of the entrees were particularly flavorful and most were rather bland. Chicken curry, spare ribs (drowning in sauce), chicken in black bean sauce, maryland chicken. I particularly enjoyed the lemon chicken, which was not covered in tons of sauce or batter. One choice was new - I've also never had Mongolian lamb before. This one was decent.Desserts included ice cream (chocolate, vanilla or strawberry) already scooped into bowls in a freezer. Also a tray of hot banana fritters were quite yummy, especially with the ice cream.Would I return? Maybe if I'm suffering from another Chinese food craving.
1	1) Bad barely warm food2) Luckily little seafood as frankly the length of time some of the food out there was suspect3) Vegetarian options include chips, rice, noodles, omelette and one vegetable dish Horrible food. Won't be back.
3	Scotland has become home to many people from far flung parts of the world.  My own family returned here from the United States, and my father and mother brought my brother and me to Scotland from Iran, where we were born.Given the eclectic mix of culinary cultures that now find themselves at home in Scotland, it is not surprising that restaurants trumpeting the best (and perhaps the worst) of exotic dining have become well established in Scotia's capital.The administrator and i arranged to meet the embalmer at Waverley on the opening day of the General Assembly.  He would bring photographs of his son and we would be moved nearly to tears by the sheer wonder of new life.Where to eat was a no-brainer.  We were at Waverley, so Jimmy Chung's on Waverley Bridge was the obvious and ideal place.  Nothing spectacular about this restaurant;  just the usual msg-laden fare.  The truth is that we like Chinese Buffets, and there is nothing wrong with this one.
5	Cheap easy and very tasty
5	I am seeing lot of 3 stars for this restaurant and I cant do the same. For me it was a great experience. The price is good  or non expensive compared to UK prices, the place is central and very large, waiters were abundant and rarely I found my plate on the table, though I tend to take new food on the same plate to be environment friendly (depends the mood).There were some remarks that the food was not of high quality. I am not an expert on Chinese food, and perhaps I was too hungry, but I found no foul on the food. On the contrary, apart it was to my expectations, I was greatly impressed with the choice of dishes and gravy they had. I am not exaggerating but there were about 40 things to choose from, all labelled. The atmosphere was cosy, lots of people, was lucky to sit on a desk-like table....  well Jimmy you merit 5 stars but don't inflate the price!The problem with this buffet is that you overeat and you enter as Mr.Stan Laurel and exit as Mr.Oliver Hardy
2	It is more expensive than the cheap London Chinese buffets, so I expected a bit better quality. Alas, the food was of the low quality greasy fried "Chinese" (none of my Chinese friends cook like that) that you expect to find in the cheapest places. At least the place looks good, is spacious and there is all you can eat ice cream! Not particularly good ice cream, but all-you-can-eat ice cream does count for something.I had quickly read some good reviews on my phone, while walking by it and decided to go in, but it seems a lot of people have no idea what a decent Chinese buffet is like. No, it should not be just deep-fried stuff.
