4	Oye Loca! Ven pa'ca!   Muevelo, muevelo sin parar!  (I have no clue what that song lyric means, but I know that me gusta la comida!)The carne asada fries are the best I've ever had. And best of all, this place is open 24 hours for the ravenous club goer at 3 am.Viva la Mexico!
3	Amigos is quirky with the Mexican and alien (of the intergalactic variety) murals on the wall. It's a couple of minutes from my house and the service is really quick. They have the biggest Burrito in Las Vegas and it's 24 hours oh and it seems clean enough but I just like Roberto's better.
4	Clean, quirky hole-in-the-wall mexican restaurant.  Definitely authentic (they serve Menudo on weekends).  Reminds me of those great little Burrito places where you can get a bite to eat at 3am after drinking. Oh wait, you can do that here too!  Whoohoo! =)Carne Asada tacos + rice + refried beans = great alternative to drive-thru after partying all night.  Everything is made to order.  They boast having the bigges burrito in Las Vegas.  The pictures look convincing.
5	Love,love,love this place! My husband is a huge Carna Asada Fries guy, and this place is perhaps the best we've tried.  They pack on the meat, and really hook you up. The best part is that they're open 24-7. We live in CA, so when we have late night flights into LV, we come straight here, knowing they're open, ready to serve us, even at 1am. LOVE IT! By the way, Speak spanish to the cashiers, and they'll love ya even more.
5	They do boast to have the biggest burrito in Nevada. It's 12.95 no matter if you get beef chicken or carne asada.Didnt take very long to make, fed 3 people with left overs, and cost under 20 dollars. For such a large burrito i thought they were going to shaft us on the amount of carne asada. WRONG there was generous amounts of meat in this sucker. If i ever order it next time going to ask for no rice. Oh god...The house special enchiladas. oh god...how can so much WIN be under 10 dollars. I'm so full but the damn thing is SO GOOD!! Chicken is extremely moist not a dry piece and there's so much of it as well
5	A authentic place with a small salsa bar. This place is very close to those in the LA and SD areas.  A must is the carne asada  burrito, torta's, or for sharing, asada fries or nachos! Breakfast is pretty good here too, plenty of chorizo dishes! The Chicken is ok, with the Carnita's being the better choice. The salsa rojo and verde is not too bad, plenty of flavor and heat!The cooks are pretty cool, order in spanish! Very easy on the wallet and it's open late!
1	Wow, am I the only person that didn't like this place?  This is probably the worst Mexican food I've ever had.  They didn't have any interesting meats (no lengua, no cabeza) and I'm used to paying a lot less for much better and fresher Mexican food.  I think Tacos Mexico is waaaay better-- the environment isn't as nice and makes some people uncomfortable, but the food's great.
2	Don't mean to be a hater but I guess I'm just picky on my Mexican food.  If I'm gonna eat a burrito or taco, I'm thinking L.A. taco truck style.  This is more what I'd call TexMex.  Lettuce, tomato, guac, and sour cream on the burrito.  The carne asada doesn't taste like it's been marinated.  Don't get me wrong, it didn't stop me from eating plenty!  (see photo I submitted of Steve R.'s arm next to the big burrito)I'm rating it 2.5 stars but rounding down to 2.  I will be trying it again.
5	Perfect place for late night eating, price matches portions, food is great. I've had everything on the menu, including the amigo's grande burrito (three times actually), my favorite is the california burrito, not traditional, but delicious. However I advise you to not try the chicken burrito, unless you're into beans, chicken, and jalapenos.
3	3.5 stars!! The burritos are pretty decent, and with these prices, they're even better. My favorite is the Carne Asada Fries. Tender prices of beef, all the delicious toppings of a nacho dish, but replaced with fries. Yum!
5	Amigos is the closest I've found to my beloved neighborhood joints in Los Angeles.  Cheap carne asada burritos, tacos, and some pretty good horchata to boot.  They do serve breakfast-style burritos which aren't quite as good.  Open super late.  I drive out of my way to go here.
3	It's pretty good... I like the California burrito and the green chili chicken enchiladas are pretty good as well. Nothing extraordinary or out of this world... similar to Roberto's but not quite as good in my opinion.
4	Imagine going to a taco shop and taking a bite out of your burrito while oil is dripping down the side of your mouth.  Not a pretty sight is it? Well, Amigos is not one of those taco shops that overindulge their cooking with oil or lard.  Thank goodness! Amigos have great burritos and they are huge! Particularly their breakfast burrito that I order with eggs, cheese, potatoes and crispy bacon all for $4.50! Another favorite is their deep fried fish taco for $2.65, this crispy catch is a great bargain for a tasteful meal! Considered Mi Amigos Tacos!!
5	Greatest Mexican food ever!!! I might not be educated in Mexican food, as this was the first I ever went to, but I have to say that no other Mexican restaurant can beat it. The Carne Asada, which I found out to be tasty beef, was great. They had a flat screen that was turned on to Univision. This restaurant sticks to the Mexican theme in a great way!!!!! And there was a salad bar with carrots!!!!!!! This place has quality food, copious choices, and for a low price. Definitely recommend.
4	Great tacos and consistent during the day and evening... They are open 24 hrs but did not enjoy the late night/ early morning shift.... Quality and cook not as good plus he's cleaning the kitchen... It would be a nice add to have a larger salsa bar and some side t-chips, but can't get enough if the Carne Asada and tilapia tacos...
4	After living in Vegas for 5 months and giving up on the idea of decent Mexican food, I was luckily introduced to the wonderful world of Amigos!Awesome Carne Asada, and a California Burrito done right, Amigos was my home away from home when I lived in Vegas.  Still not quite the pinnacle of burritos you might find littering the streets of San Diego, the 24 hour taco joint hit the spot when I needed a taste of home!
4	I recently moved away from my favorite grungy Mexican food source, Filipitos.  So I'm on the prowl for a new place.  Enter Amigos.  The place is tucked inside a strip mall, an inconspicuous looking place, typical for the valley.  The decor is what one would expect from a Mexican place catering to Americans.  Couple this with the claim of being the "best Mexican food in the valley", who doesn't make that claim?  My expectations where low.  I ordered the Green Chili Chicken Enchilada plate, to-go.  Sounds good, a bit safe (it is easier to gauge a place by trying something you are familiar with).  When I got home & opened the box, I was confronted with a familiar sight and sound.  Nothing about the food is standing out.  And that's a good thing.  They aren't trying to be some hoity toity place.  This is cheap Mexican food.  Perfect!  First up the re-fried beans. Ick!  Talk about a bland experience.  I'll pass on these from here on out.  Next the rice....Now that's some good rice.  Great texture, not a dry grain in the bunch.  It wasn't soggy either and had a great flavor.  Now on to the enchilada.  First this looked more like a wet burrito than an enchilada.  The green chili sauce was sparingly ladled on.  Not a minus, just a note.  The chicken though.  Oh, mostly white meat & cooked just right.  The flavor of the chicken was great. It was not drowned out by sauce. (Now you know why having less sauce was a good thing.)  It was clearly the center of this meal.  The restaurant offers 3 salsas. (A green and red at the self serve bar, a Habanero you have get from the cashier)  The two from the bar are typical.  But a must.  The habanero though.  SPICY HOT.  I love hot, hot and more hot!  So this was right up my alley.  But for those with a less than iron stomach.  Use sparingly or not at all.All in all, I'm impressed with my new Mexican food source.  I will be coming back.
4	This place is AWESOME!!!! so much better then Robertos. And CHEAP!!!! the staff is so sweet and everything is home made and YUMMMMMY. Highly recommended and always always good!
4	This is a nice place to go.  I was here around 3 en la manana, was the only party there.  Everything was clean.  They are cash only.From what I remember the carne asada fries were very very large.  They don't come with salsa, which I guess is common for non Los Angeles mexican restaurants from which I order carne fries from, but nevertheless you can add from salsa bar.  Comes with fries carne asada, cheese, gwak, sour cream, and a hint of refried beans (those are the mashed ones, not the whole beans).  The rest of my party ordered: taco, tostada, and chimichanga.  All of these looked delicious as well.  Too bad I didn't get a bite.Also tried the lingua tacos (cow tongue) that I did not order but was offered a bite.  They were pretty decent, for being tongue and for never trying them before.  Had the texture of soft beef brisket and tofu, but tasted like turkey.    If you feed them to you cat you can say, "Cat got your tongue?"
4	Solid Mexican food. Don't ask me about authentic, I'm not ethnically predisposed to be an authority of the food. Its good and like Mary J. Blige  said, thats "all I need to get by......"Lengua (cow tongue) tacos.Carne Asada Fries.Spicy chicken nugget burrito.I saw a dude order a carne asada fries plate and a giant tortilla, then pour the entire plate onto the totilla to make a giant carne asada fries burrito, brilliant!!!!!
4	Was in the area and decided to stop by for lunch.  It's a small, casual dining restaurant with seating for about 20 people.  It has a small salsa bar, which is always a plus to me.After browsing the menu for a while, I decided to order a Carne Asada Burrito ($5.25) and a Carnitas Taco ($2.65).  I asked the guy taking my order if they had a spicier Salsa than what they had on the Salsa Bar.  To my surprise, he said they had a Habanero Salsa that they make in the kitchen but it has to be a special request because it's that hot.....perfect!  I asked for a side of that too.After a few minutes, it was ready and I picked up my order from the counter.  The Burrito was huge!  I eagerly took a bite with a little Habanero Salsa.....yum!  Very tasty and spicy!  The Carne Asada had a good flavor to it and was slightly dry, but that's ok with me.  There was a good ratio of Guacamole and Beans in the Burrito and the Tortilla held up well.....it didn't fall apart, which I don't enjoy.The Carnitas Taco was just OK.  I thought the Carnitas lacked flavor.  I won't order this next time.Overall, it was a good meal.Will I return?  You bet.
4	First I went to this place with my husband and he had menudo. . . wasn't the best, but hey it was still as traditional as menudo can get on a sunday morning rite?I had to chimichanga. . .you can never go wrong with a chimichanga.One year later, some girlfriends of mine bought me takeout from here and they introduced me to CARNE ASADA FRIES and NACHOS!!  Whoolly guacamole! that was some good stuff.  Needless to say, when I want some of this good stuff this is where I will go.I only gave them four stars because of my frist experience, but I really do like this place.
2	I went here to hopefully have one more chance at decent Mexican food before flying east. Wasn't really impressed although I suppose it was authentic enough. The tacos I ordered ended up being fried and greasy which kind of ruined the experience for me. I wouldn't return here.
4	The nachos are enormous and quite yummy.  I regularly get the beef burrito with a cheese enchilada and it's plenty of food at not a huge price.
3	The food here is decent and (like most Mexican fast food places) easy on the wallet. You'll find tacos, burritos, combo plates in all the usual meat varieties. As others have noted, the carne asida fries are freakin' crazy. This artery-clogging beast is served in a square to-go container and is piled high with cheese and marinated beef. Pair it with a six-pack of cerveza and you are good to go.
4	If you think Taco Bell is quality Mexican food you probably won't like these types of places....But for those of us with more sense, it is Great to have places like this to get great little tacos even at 4 AM, since they are open 24 hours.Amigos gets 4 stars because:It's open 24 hours; The tacos are consistent and overflowing with meat; The specialty habanero sauce (by request only) is INSANELY hot but when used sparingly ads great flavor to the tacos. 4 small tacos and a drink combo is $6.75The reason it's not 5 stars:The variety of the tacos is missing a few staples (there is NO CABEZA) which, in my opinion makes the best tacos. They claim to have the world's best chicken enchilada...OK it is a big portion for the cost, and does include delicious chunks of dark and white chicken....But nothing ever needs as much sour cream as this enchilada has. it is literally stuffed and topped with so much sour cream you almost can't taste anything else.I once had to borrow a large serrated knife from the kitchen while I was dining in, because they were completely out of plastic knives. For the brave with huge appetites they have the 22" 4 lb. burrito, which you can often see people leaving with as if carrying a huge loaf of french bread over their shoulder or cradling like a small child. They stuff everything in it including the beans and rice. I'm not a fan of this style because all the flavors run together, but.....at only $15 for 4 lbs. it is a more reasonable challenge than the one featured on Man vs. Food from NASCAR cafe, and its more cost efficient to feed 4 people with. Split one with 3 friends and its only $3.75 for each person to have a 1 lb. burrito.My advice is to stick with the tacos and get it to go. This is how the 3 small taco chains rank in my opinion:Pepe's Amigo'sRoberto's
5	I have been regularly coming here since I was a senior at Sierra Vista in 2004, and seeing how it's still around, you can tell it has to be good or at least have a good reputation.   My love for breakfast burritos?  It all started here.Amigos Tacos is a mexican restaurant akin to Robertos, but in my opinion better.  Their prices are reasonable to your wallet and their portion sizes are quite large.  The dining area and restrooms are very clean as well.  There is a small salsa bar in the side, but if you love punishing your colon as much as I do, ask for the special habanero salsa behind the counter!  They also have a TV, which varies in showing either the news in english, spanish telenovelas or soccer.  Their beef tacos are great, but HOLY CRAP THE BREAKFAST BURRITOS ARE AHH-MAZING!!!!!!  Seriously, my addiction for Breakfast Burritos started with their ham and eggs breakfast burrito.  The burrito is huge, and stuffed with who knows how many eggs, ham and potatoes.  Nothing like having one of those and drowning it in Habanero salsa.  I have yet to try most of what else is on the menu simply because I am horribly addicted to those delicious breakfast burritos.  Best of all, they are open 24 hours, so it's a perfect option sober or drunk!  Hooray for all-hours eating, which will probably be the eventual death of my workout regime even though I deny it every time!  Yes, truly a Vegas staple.PROS:Tacos and burritos are oh so good.Specifically their breakfast burritos, I can't get enough of them!Clean tables and bathrooms24 hours to satisfy your altered state of mind!CONS:NadaTHE VERDICT:  Breakfast burritos breakfast burritos breakfast burritos yay!
4	Better than any of the robertos in town for sure.  The machaca burrito is a must try, the meat is always tender also.  All the menu items are tasty and never dissapoint.  Best option for taco shop food in the southwest.  I did eat the amigo grande burrito also, the cool thing about it is the fact you can put whatever you want in it.  Makes the perfect late night chow, and then will have some left overs to heat up for breakfast to cure your hangover
4	One of the first Mexican Restaurants I dined at, just after moving to the desert. Probably been here like 30 times since.. From experience, my preferrred orders:Carne Asada Burrito or Tacos: The burritos here are wrapped tight and more long than thick. The meat isn't super tasty but it does carry that authentic flavor without and trace of grease! Bean and Cheese Burrito: Their Beans here are among the best refried beans I've had! Beans may just be a filler to some but I always pay attention and adore beans in my mexican food! Sometimes I add sour cream.. Other great options: carne asada fries or nachos (could feed 3-4 hungry peeps), california burrito, cheese enchiladas..* They got this habanero sauce that they don't have available at their 'get it yourself' condiment bar (they used to). For those brave, hot chili sauce lovers, try this! You must ask one of the staff members for it because its in they now store it in their kitchen fridge.Decent food and prices, staff are friendly and place is looks and feels like a typical mexican joint should..
4	Hungry and in a odd area visiting a friend late at night, we stopped in for some noms. We've been in the same situation before and remembered it being good the last few times we got food here. This time the BF got a California burrito and I got a carnitas burrito. It was pretty good flavor and there wasn't odd chewy or dry spots, only nice and juicy meat. Only "bad" thing about it was it needed a tad more seasoning on the meat as adding tad of salt brought the meat out. The guacamole and salsa was fresh tasting which can be a bit shaky with some of these late night Mexican food places. Their burritos are also on the heavy side- more generous with the filling than most. It's definitely fresher tasting and seems a bit more consistent in quality and flavor than Robertos and other late night Mexican.
5	The most amazing carne asada tacos...Seriously, there's a sign on the door to this place warning you of its addictiveness and it's TRUE!! For the longest time, the only thing I had was carne asada tacos because they were just that good. Since, I've also fallen in love with the HUGE portion of nachos (chicken or carne asada), rolled tacos, and jamaica. They're open 24 hours a day 7 days a week so sometimes it's the only thing my late night shift boyfriend and I can get to eat. Totally fine by me though. Prices are reasonable. I usually eat for less than $10. Decor is nothing fancy, just some booths, tables, and Univision. Oh, and the green sauce. Gotta try that. I hated green sauce then I had Amigos green sauce and my world hasn't been the same since. There's also a location on Rainbow north of the 215, but I haven't been so I can't put my stamp of approval on it.
5	LJ vs the Amigos Grande Burrito attempt #1. The "biggest in NV"!? maybe. All I know was that it was very very delicious and well worth it.  For $14.95 you get a very intimidating about 25 inch long burrito filled with a ton of ingredients not just rice and beans but all the good stuff, guacamole, cheese, sour cream, steak, salsa, etc. I had no shot, not even close maybe ate about a 4th of it and I ready to throw in the towel. UYE challenge anyone?They were pretty fast in making it just waited about 5 mins. If your planning on taking it to go be careful because it's a little flexible, maybe they could make it like a chimichanga so that its firmer.They also have a real good carne asada super nachos for $7.25.
4	One of the better taco/burrito places in the Southwest that is open 24 hours, yes 24 hours, so when you have the late night munchies and want something better than fast food (that may not even be open), Amigos is open. Everything I've ordered is really good - from the carne asada tacos and burritos, the carnitas plate, and the nachos. I still have to try the Grande Burrito that people talk about, but I think that is enough for 2 people or at least 2 meals.
4	I've eaten here a bunch of times since discovering it back when i moved into the Rhodes Ranch area in 2006. Coming from the North East, you don't get many places with good southwest flavor like this.Have had numerous things from here. Chicken tacos are bomb, little greasy but damn tasty. California burrito is good, way better than those I have had at Roberto's. My wife digs the carne asada taco's, I'll agree with some other reviewers though, not very big on seasoning flavor here, but it is quality meat and the salsa, cilantro and guac makes them go down easy.All in all, this place is cheap eats, done proper. And oh yeah open 24/7. Can't be beat really.
5	Nachos nachos man, I'm gonna eat some nachos man!!
4	They have one of the best carne asada burritos.  It isn't as good as King Taco in Los Angeles, but I am a fan of this place.  They have a special hot habanero sauce which isn't really that hot to me.  If that sauce was hotter, I would have rated this place a 5 star.  If you're a heavy eater, try the challenge.
4	Husband had  chic tacos, beans & rice.  Loved it.  I had the best bean chalupa ever.  Well seasoned beans.  Good quality cheese especially for the price.  Excellent value.  Larger portions.  Guacamole & chips were plentiful w/ good chips but guacamole was squirted so not the thick version.  Chips and cheese plentiful and tasty.  Down side...eating off of styrofoam.  Staff accommodating.  In a strip mall.
3	Good place if you are trying to grab a quick meal. I expected flavorful food but instead ate some good tacos but nothing remarkable over the rest of the taco places in Vegas like Robertos or Don Tortaco. So without further ado, here is my review:* Food: Pretty good. I had a chicken taco and a steak taco with guac and pico...not bad. They have the sauce bar with the average green and red sauce.* Service: Friendly staff willing to answer questions and made a combo suggestion!* Overall experience: Good. Conclusion: This is not a place I will be craving anytime soon, but I am willing to eat there again if I am in the neighborhood.
2	I am being generous with the two star rating for this place.  Ordered a combo that included a beef burrito and cheese enchilada.  The quality of the cheese in the enchilada was so low Taco Bell would be too ashamed to serve that stuff!!! The beef burrito was HUGE, but included way too many green peppers.  Had to get a knife to cut up the massive burrito, but even the quality of their plastic utensils is so low I was surprised the  little knife didn't snap in two.  As a bonus, the ice machine wasn't working, but the courteous counter worker did get me some ice from the back.  I won't be back to this place ever again.
5	Amigos Tacos!!! Oh, hells to the yes! This place spanks every taco shop in town (Roberto's, Tortas Del Rey, Tacos Mexico), you name it! This place is makes is delicious! There's not at bad item on them menu. This little gem in nestled in the SE corner of a Smith's parking lot. My favorites here are tamales, chimichangas (beef, please), and their cheese enchiladas. There are several combinations, ala carte items, and different combo deals.There salsa is on par with what you find at other taco shops (and I hate them all, what the hell is that shit anyway). The food here is so bomb dot com, that you won't need any of that other business.The one draw back is that this place serves Pepsi, but I don't eat on places depending on what beverage options are available and I always get my food to-go. If you live in the SW area of town (Rhodes Ranch especially) get on this. It's addictive like crack!Si senor, with yo' tacos, we most certainly can be amigos! Hasta luego and viva Amigos Tacos!!! Ole.
5	My family and I moved up the street from Amigos 4 days ago. Once we tried it, we ate it two days in a row and if it weren't for the scary though of dying from heart failure, I might do 3 days in a row, but alas, my gas is on so I don't have any more excuses to not cook again. We used to be fans of Robertos and Faustos but NOT ANYMORE! The first night we got carne asada fries, bean and cheese burrito, and rolled tacos. Oh my gosh. I don't think I've ever had better carne asada. It is SO tender and my teeth cut through it like buttah, not chewy at all, or dry. It is perfect and super flavorful. Bean and cheese burrito is standard but delicious when I'm craving some legumes. Rolled tacos are also standard as I can't distinct the difference between these and other taco joints. The second night, we got carnitas nachos. I had to order these when I found out that they weren't the shredded carnitas, but rather the chopped and thrown on the flat top kind! These were also super tender and flavorful. In my opinion, the meats here are the star; they are quality, not chewy, and will probably change your opinion of what Mexican fast food should taste like.Don't judge me if you see me here... everyday... for the rest of my life... in stretchy pants...
3	This is your classical americanized Mexican food.  Nothing too spectacular but if you want a burrito the size of your head for about 7 bucks, this is the place.  I ordered the spicy chicken burrito, it was good but was nothing like the picture.  It was basically fried chicken nuggets tossed with buffalo wing sauce inside an americanized burrito with cold cheese.  Not exactly "Mexican" food, but tasty none the less.  We also got the "house special" which is chicken enchiladas in a green sauce.  Tasty, but once again cold, the cheese was not melted on either one of ours.  But so much food for $15 and they have a salsa bar with some really good salsas.  We didn't get the habanero salsa because we were slightly worried about the heat level, but after trying the other salsas we will definitely ask for some next time.  I would go back, but don't expect anything close to authentic.  I just wish everything had been a bit warmer.
4	When I go here..I can't help myself it's pickled carrots pig out time..and the chile relleno is tasty too!
4	Carne Asada Taco's are pretty good! California Burrito is fantastic! Love their green sauce! Place is open 24 hours which is nice
4	I love this place.  It would get five stars but sometime I go in and they dont have anyone in there speaking english and its hard to order, but there food makes up for it.  There food is so good and not greasy at all.  I  just love how fresh everything is and cant wait to go back.
3	Plus: open 24 hoursPlus: they gave me these cheese covered tortilla chips which I downed like a fat kid needing a hit of cake.Plus: their guacamole was pretty delicious.  It wasn't very thick or anything, but still was loaded with taste.Minus: the burrito was just ok.  I've had better, I've had worse, it was just ok.  It felt really greasy.  I got the carne asade burrito and ate about 1/3rd of it and just wasn't feeling it anymore.  Like my body suddenly was like, Hey you, you're eating this burrito and you still don't think it tastes good anymore so why don't you stop?Minus:  the tortilla chips they gave me without cheese were really stale and hard to swallow. So, three plus's and two minus's = 3 stars!  Yay math.
2	If I want cheap, fast tacos, I get Taco Bell. If I want to sit down and enjoy chips and salsa, I go to Viva Mercados. This place is an awkward limbo that doesn't really seem relevant in my restaurant repertoire. I appreciate local joints that are trying to make a buck, but this place charged an arm and a leg for so-so tacos. I ordered their "special" of the day which was two crispy tacos, rice and beans, and a drink for $7.95. My boyfriend got the Carne Asada fries and our meal was $16.47 which seems fairly pricey for the food we actually got. The tacos were desperately missing a delicious salsa, the chicken was dry, the shell was over cooked and overly crunchy. It wouldn't have been bad if the total for the meal came in at under $10. It's not bad, but it certainly isn't deserving of my loyal patronage.
4	We had super nachos and horchata.  Can't complain.  Food and service was good.
5	Today I decided to try Amigos Tacos to see if it would compare to Roberto's, which I think is pretty decent for cheap Mexican food. I have to say, I was VERY impressed with the quality and flavor or the food. I ordered the Carnitas Chimichanga combination plate and it truly was one of the best ones I've had in Vegas. Everything was well cooked, seasoned, and fresh tasting. After this experience, I'm making the switch, sorry Roberto's...Amigos just kicked your ass in my book.
4	The chorizo burrito here is great. However sometimes the service is a bit slow and the orders can get messed up if you don't have someone with you to speak spanish. Other than that its a clean tasty place.
3	I have been to many taco, burritos, and carne asada fries places and this place is alright. First, they really need to turn down the tv in order to understand me when I give my order.  Place isn't too crowded nor too pricey.  I had to give their carne asada fries a try.. I'm a sucker when it comes to french fries.  Overall, I think that it was not too bad, but they should have put the sour cream and guacamole on the top of the meat.. It just made the fries soggy and soft.  I did give their salsa and pico de gallo sauce a try, but was too impress since it wasn't hot enough.  I believe they have another spicier sauce, but you have to ask.. I think it would be much easier for them and me if you just put it out..Place does accept major credit cards and offer cups for water. Seating is open and it's a clean it yourself when you're done kind of place.  There is a TV and a salsa bar.  Drinks are soft self served.Parking is pretty open since it's a huge parking lot with Vons.  I'll def give this place another try since they have that huge 2 foot long burrito for $15.  Just have to come when I'm really hungry.
5	This place is great. Very reasonably priced with big portions and great great food! Definitely check this out for a simple casual meal. AND its 24 HOURS!! Love that!
5	Amigos tacos is the place to be when you want some mexican food any time of the day. I am still in love with their carne asada fries! Most of the time I order take out, so what I do is call them and place my order and in 15 min i go and pick it up! No fussing with lines and people just in and out!Try thier breakfast burritos! So good!
5	I absolutely love this place! The food here is always spot on. This is always my go to place for authentic Mexican food, or my hangover remedy. I definitely recommend going here for your Mexican food cravings. Some of the food can be a little greasy, but I don't care. I feel it adds to the flavor. This a must have!
5	Words cannot express my deep love for the food this place has to offer. It's an instant hangover cure, that's for sure.They're open anytime, which is super convenient, and it doesn't take very long to get your food and get on your way. I love the chorizo/potato/eggs burrito & the carne asada fries make me week in the knees. The prices aren't bad either, but they could use an update on their A/C.
4	This place is better than Roberto's and the Special Habenero Sauce is HOTT and satisfying
4	Have gone here on a few occasions now because of Yelpers and have not been disappointed at all. LOVE the Fries w/Carnitas, they are the bomb!! Their burritos are very good, my niece who is finicky loves them and their tortas are yummy. Just wish the salsas were spicier cause they are very mild to me, even the Habanero that you have to ask for at the register is mild but oh well, still delicious.
4	This was my favorite location to get Mexican food at ANY hour of the day. However, it is now CLOSED.
1	Yeah, not surprised it closed. Management switch or something. It got bad. We stopped going. Major bummer.
4	Amigos tacosIs a great little 24 Mexican place...great for a late dinner to go after the late shift if a night/ day I fun on the strip... The food is always tasty and fresh and prepared quick and correctly exactly how you want it...  If you live in mountains edge or Rhodes ranch you don't need to go to Roberto's ever again.. This place had all you need...
