4	Where do you go when your washer and dryer break down?How about Starcrest, which can boast it's own little "study room" with two desks, four chairs, and free wi-fi?  That's right.  I like to surf the net while separating my whites from the colors.  And no, that's not racist.The washers are expensive--at least by my standards--$1.50 a wash, but they fit in more than your average washer.  Dryers are about 25 centers per 7 minutes, but are HUMONGONORMOUS, so all told, washing two loads of laundry came to $3 in washing and $1.75 in drying (all of it fit in that one dryer and i let it run for 49 mins).The laundromat is clean and big, so that's a plus.  Also, the wi-fi network....is named "Chuck likes Guys"  Um, wow Chuck.  Thanks for letting us all know via internet.  We're very happy for you.  Seriously, perhaps a greeting card would've better.  I imagine Hallmark making the card, where the front would be a peaceful lake with the words: "Life has some surprises."  Then the inside: "Like my newfound attraction to men."But since Hallmark isnt' yet that edgy, we have starcrest's wireless to make the announcements for us.
2	Dry cleaning is over twice as expensive as the cleaners I use back home in Chicago.Also I have had two shirts come back heavily starched, when I requested no starch.Their service has always been very prompt, which is why I didn't leave just one star.
4	definitely the best laundromat i have found in the c-u area. it's got plenty of washers and dryers, as well as industrial sized ones for the time that you want to wash all your sheets, your comforter and your towels at once...very nice to have!the normal washers are $1.50/load and then the dryers are $.25/7 minutes.  i was able to fit 3 loads into one dryer and run it for 35 minutes and everything was dried to perfection! they have plenty of push-carts to haul your loads in, as well as folding tables...then there's also tables with 2 chairs at each around the laundromat, in addition to a "quiet" study room at the back that i think has a couple desks and tables. also have a coupel flat-screen tv's, 2 bathrooms, vending machines (both for food and for detergent), and a coin machine. what else could you need? oh---it's also attached to the starcrest dry cleaners where if you're too lazy to sit and do your own laundry, they will do it for you (no clue on cost/how long it takes since i've never done it). they do have super speedy dry cleaning though....
2	i can't speak for the laundromat, but the dry cleaning there was sub-par. i took in two down-filled winter coats, they took about 4 days. one came back in good shape, the other was wet, with the down filling in clumps. sure, they were polite and quickly took it back to re-do (dry) it for free, but i was coat-less another 3 days in the middle of winter, and that jacket simply does not "feel" the same, i.e. seems thinner and colder ever since.
2	For dry cleaning they are extremely expensive. They are open everyday, however.
1	I cannot speak to the laundromat portion of this business, but the dry cleaners could not really get any worse. I continually give this place a second chance because it is among the cleanest dry cleaning facilities in town. Well, no more. They always leave the shirt stays in my dress shirts and I get them back with marks in the collars that do not go away. Just recently, they shrunk (quite badly) a cashmere sweater and not only refused to offer any type of compensation for the sweater, but they did not even apologize. On top of it all--they are extremely expensive. I thought the price would correlate with the service, but it certainly did not. Do not go here.
1	I went in for their fluff and fold service. My schedule has been very hectic so I thought I could rely on them to help me out, especially at over $1.6 per pound of clothes. I used the fluff and fold service 2 times. The first time, I was missing some pants. They agreed to refund me for the price of the pants in the form of store credit. So that forced me to go there again.The second time I used their service, I was returned a bag of clothes that was a mixture of mine and someone else's. I noticed this after I returned home, and promptly went back and returned the clothes that were not mine. I contacted the manager and he said he would have to call corporate about my situation. A few weeks later, I received a letter and a phone call from corporate. The letter stated that they watched video surveillance and saw the employee correctly separating my clothes from other clothes. The phone call stated that I must have come back and returned my OWN clothes because there is no way they could have messed up. They still refuse to refund me for any of my lost clothes or for their terrible service. Don't support this business please.
1	Twice now I have been overcharged for dry cleaning at Starcrest, once at the Round Barn location and once at the Windsor Road location.  The first time occurred a few months ago.  The second time occurred this week.  My husband brought in a suit and a $10 coupon.  The fee for the suit was $12.  His charge should be $2, right?  Well, they charged him once for $12 and again for $2!  To be fair, they refunded our over-charge last time and assure us they will again.  However, now that it has happened twice, I do not trust them.Update:  A day later, still no credit.  I drove down there with receipts.  Tony, the manager, said his records show I was refunded... twice.Final Update:  A week later, a $12 credit showed up on my acct.  A few days after that, a second $12 credit showed up on my acct.  On this same day, I removed a silk shirt from my closet... a silk shirt that I was charged for full dry cleaning service.  On the hanger was a tag noting that it was to simply be pressed.  Sigh.
1	The man who was taking in my dry cleaning order was very short with me, rude, and then threw (literally) my clothes into a basket as I walked away. I asked if he could be more gentle with my clothes and he told me "They're fine". I promptly asked for my clothes back and took them to Denny's on Mattis. Last time I use any Starcrest dry cleaning.
2	I went outside for several minutes and waited on the benches while my clothes were drying, and I came back in to discover that my laundry bag was thrown in the trash and my $13 detergent bottle was put in their lost and found. I could understand if it had been sitting their all afternoon, but seriously it hadn't even been some 15 minutes and there were barely any customers there. So it couldn't have been more obvious who they belonged to. And to think, this has happened twice now.I'll admit the place is clean, but they are also very expensive. Then again, I guess throwing away my laundry bag is part of the cleaning process, and having to buy a new one only adds to the expense of washing my clothes. Real logical.
5	This laundromat is the cleanest one we have ever been to. There are plenty of TV's to watch, laptop tables with plugins, multiple irons, tables with hanging rails, men and women restrooms, a small smoking room and the staff is really helpful. This laundromat is connected to the dry cleaners and the air conditioning is comfortable. I honestly have never expected much from a laundromat but after seeing this one, I will always compare the rest to here.
1	This place has roaches!!!!! I already had my laundry in the washers so I risked it today, but I can never come back here, or I might find myself going home with a bunch of new very nasty friends!!!!!!!! It looks averagely clean, there was soap spilled all over the washers, which wasn't from me because I only use pods. I've never used the dry clean service here, but I won't now that I've seen all of the roaches. I just hope the dryers are hot enough to burn them if they are hiding in there. I killed one that was on one of my washers with a dryer sheet. I saw 2 more on the floor and placed my basket on some seats so that it might have less of a chance of them hiding on them. I will never come back here again. It's a shame it was the one closest to my apartment.
2	I've been here twice now and both experiences have left more to be desired. I really haven't used laundry mats in the past, but given my current work situation, it is a convenient place to go. This most recent visit I had a number of items dry cleaned, including a suit. When I dropped the suit off, it had a cover on it to protect it. When I went to pick up my dry cleaning, the cover was gone. I asked where it was, and they insisted that they didn't have it, and I must have taken it with me (which I didn't). Needless to say, I won't be returning.
