3	I have been banking with Weststar Credit union for several years.  I like the bank . Which you are probably wondering WHY Sharr ???... Why ??? would you only give THREE STARS if you like them?Simple... I feel inconvenienced by my bank. When I signed up for my account I was assured that there would "eventually be a branch in Henderson" Well after about 8 years of banking ... they still haven't bothered. I know that there are many members of Weststar Credit Union in the Henderson/Green Valley area, and we ALL have to drive out of our way to either make deposits ... or visit the bank to do business.INCONVENIENT!I have to drive to the Durango branch because by freeway it is the shortest distance. Everything else is in the middle of downtown and who in their right mind wants to deal with the strip and it's traffic issues?NOT ME!Because of the distance, I usually end up at the branch after hours which means I have to make a deposit in the ATM machine.  Which puts a hold on cash available.  *not helpful* I think the people at Weststar are all awesome and generally I receive over the top customer service .. In fact their security for information is above and beyond. They always let me know when there is suspicious activity, and verify odd transactions...  They have caught fraudulent activity long before I would have even known it took place. (I should probably add another star for that ... but right now .. I am still a little miffed)  Today when I called to verify my deposit that I made last night to see when funds would be available , I was put on hold while I was still talking.errmmm what?!I work in a career where I provide customer service. I try to acknowlege people who provide good service and I RARELY complain even when bad service is given .. but you know what?inconvenience and rudeness.. is inexcusable .. sorry!
5	I have been a customer of Weststar since 1989, in Reno NV and they have stood behind all my banking needs second to none!! I LOVE WESTSTAR!! Joe M.
1	The worst BANK ever! One Manager (not going to mention "her" name, Harmon location) is horrible, she needs to learn how to give better service to the guests!
1	Very very bad service !!!they send out a pre approval letter for an auto refinance saying you're pre-approved they waste your time don't call you back when your not approved and it just sounds like its a gimmick !! anybody gets any pre approval letters in the mail from West Star credit union  don't fully believe that you're actually getting preapproved for a refinance!!
