4	I've lived in San Marquis for almost a year now and I have to say I'm a big fan of it.  The management company does a very good job of taking care of the property, the pool is beautiful and always clean, and everything seems to run smoothly.  I've had a few appliance problems but when you call to have them fixed (at least in my experience) someone comes right away and makes sure they get the job done. My only gripe about this place is rent for 1 beds is pretty steep and sometimes people just let their doors slam which makes a loud obnxious bang. All in all though, it's a safe, nice place to live.
4	Moved in beginning of the 2013 year. It's pricey compared to the other options in Tempe, but worth it. Nice location, looks impressive. I'm condensing the pro's and con's into a list. Easier to read, less work for me.1.) Pricey, but luxurious2.) Pool/hotub is open all night. Ambient lighting. I did laps when it snowed in Tempe, so it is heated. 3.) Groundskeepers are friendly, keep the place clean. Still dog poop here and there, but that's the tenants fault. 4.) Pine trees bleed sap on cars near the southern wall. Don't park there.5.) Staff is friendly, remember your faces and names and room numbers.6.) To break contract it's 2 months rent is about $1300. Exorbitant prices. Standard, apparently.7.) Footsteps in above apartments are loud, as are the slamming doors. Sounds like Donkey Kong slapping the ground on the occasion.8.) On-Site security after hours9.) Great sunsets paint the apartments 10.) Conveniently close to I-10, the 60, the 101, and the 202. 11.) Next to the Mill Centre, which has quaint little services and restaurants. "Taste of the Caribbean" is excellent. Walking distance, right across the West gate. 12.) Pools have only been dominated by parties a handful of times that I've seen. Usually sunbathers and a few families. 13.) Free wifi not the best14.) Free printing. 15.) Fast hassle-free maintenance. Never had to fill out a form or explain myself. Just came and fixed/cleaned whatever. 16.) Lease renewal didn't charge/add an exorbitant amount.17.) Windows don't cancel out much sound. If you live by a dumpster prepare to be woken up at 7am everytime they come by (twice or three times a week).18.) Dumpsters can stink and ruin your balcony vibe19.) Vinyl wood floors look swank20.) West facing apartments have great views of the sunsets21.) On-site gas grills are easy to use22.) Near the Kiwanis Park on Mill: walk-able distance to the lake there.23.) Near multiple fast-food places, three gas stations for your beer/gas needs24.) Whole Foods is right there if you're into hippie high prices25.) About a $11 cab ride to Mill Ave.26.) Two sports bars close by, one of which plays UFC fights. Above-average bar food. No cover.27.) The apartments are full of fullage: plenty of palm trees, yellow and red flowers, and just life everywhere.28.) Not haunted. 29.) Jurassic Park gates out front are awesome. Overall, happy with my move in, great location, great staff. Price is reasonable for everything you get, especially if you split the costs with a roommate. Like I said, I renewed my lease, no issues.Edit: In response to that super negative review. This E.G has one review, doesn't state how long he's lived here, and his claim is vague, and attacks specific draws of the apartment by giving non-specific and very generalized problems.
1	horrible customer service. They only care money!
4	Staying here in corporate housing while we wait for our house to close. We have two dogs and always pick up after them but not everyone does so be careful where you step! It's a safe community with nice apartments and close to a lot of food centers, gas stations, strip malls, etc. I'm giving it four stars because there are a lot of barking dogs whose owners do nothing about it! Yikes.
