4	The Wheelhouse is always a good time! They have awesome food at decent prices, good drink specials, and a big back room where bands play on the weekends. My favorite dish is the Portabello "Vegetarian" Burger that comes with roasted red peppers and cheddar cheese. Their waffle fries are TO DIE for - probably my favorite in the city! They also have an amazing chopped salad. If you're looking for a place for an event, definitely add the Wheelhouse in the mix. I organized my 10-year class reunion here and they were very accommodating and it was a great central location for everyone!
4	My fiance and I went to the Wheelhouse use to watch a Penguins playoff game on the "biggest tv in Pittsburgh" and try out some of their yummy looking menu items. We got there early, but it was a friday so they were pretty busy... it was about a twenty minute wait to get a table. We were served promptly by a friendly waitress, and I ordered the Pittsburgh Cheese Steak while my fiance got the Caesar Chicken Wrap. First off, I love their fries, I found them very tasty and I enjoyed that they mixed steak, curly, and waffle fries together. The cheese steak was the first I have had using cheese wiz (I am from California, where swiss is king), and I enjoyed it very much... could have used a bit more meat, but it was super filling. The chicken wrap though was the best I have ever seen. The wrap they use has lots of fragrant herbs in it and it just smelled so wonderful, and tasted great, too. Overall, very filling meal and worth the price.Now, after that we went into the lounge and snagged some seats. We were greeted promptly by another waitress, who said to flag her down if we needed anything and went about serving others who had not just finished eating. Later on it got a bit difficult to get her attention, but the place was packed and we ended up with a group of super loud, super annoying 40+ year old drunk women next to us that were there to see the band coming on after the game, who talked loudly and kept hoarding the waitress... and she seemed very eager to stay away from them, which I don't fault her for, everyone in our section was giving them dirty looks. We did manage to get her attention to get a couple of beers and a slice of NY Turtle Cheesecake... I learned that you cannot eat this thing alone, it is too large and too rich. Tastes amazing though.So yeah, all and all, I was very happy with the Wheelhouse. The food was good, the prices were decent... I wish they had more dark beer on draft, but no one is perfect.
4	I come to Rivers Casino often with my gf. the second time we were there we decided to eat at the Wheelhouse in the casino. We both ordered a burger and it was definitely one of the best burgers Ive ever had. Fries are also very good and different because the serve a variety of fries on one plate. Must try. Decent prices.
2	Stopped in for dinner after a disappointing Pirates game. Hostess told us it would be a 30-45 minute wait, so we went to the Drum bar to have a drink while we waited. Just as we got our drinks our buzzer went off, and it had been 10 minutes at the most. We were seated at a small table close to the live music. I think we would have enjoyed sitting outside much better. The music was insanely loud! I had to write down what I wanted to tell my husband on a napkin b/c he couldn't hear me. I ordered the club sandwich, hubby got the pgh cheese steak. Food came out super fast, and I must say, for $9 it was the biggest club I'd ever seen. I only finished 1/4 of it. The fries tasted exactly like Arby's curly fries. The pickle was delicious. Hubby said his cheese steak was very tasty, also only able to finish only half. So for 2 draft beers, and 2 enormous sandwiches the bill was $30. Not bad. Just wish it would have been quiet enough to talk.
5	Went there for the first time with friends from out of town for lunch and it was very good.  It wasn't real crowded and we got our food fast.  The cajun chicken salad was huge!  The chicken wasn't over spiced and salty like some cajun I've had and plenty of walnuts.  I couldn't eat all of it.  The fish sandwich was huge too.  The beer battered onion rings were good and the nachos were huge and the peppers not too hot.  Overall, a very good experience and the price were very reasonable especially for the amount of food that you got.
3	I've only eaten and gotten service around the big TV, which is supposedly the biggest in Pittsburgh. It is impressive and a good way to watch Pirates or Penguins. Service is pretty slow, however, and I've been there when its packed and when its happy. Food portions are big, prices are not great but are OK. They have happy hour specials but never been there during happy hour - instead pay plenty (ie regular bar price) for drinks. Would definitely come back to watch the game... PS, Often they will ask for a credit card up front to open a tab, but sometimes - I guess if the servers feel you won't run away, they won't
3	When at The Rivers, we find ourselves coming here more than the buffet. Wheel House is open later, be careful though, after 11p they have a "lat night" menu which doesn't encompass some of WH best dishes.For starters, JB and I order the spinach artichoke dip which is divine! Yeah, yeah, been there done that some of you may think, but this is some of the best stuff ever put on a salty, crisp tortilla chip. Huge chunks of artichoke, creamy cheese and velvety spinach baked to bubbly perfection.As an entree, I usually get the cheese quesadilla which can be hit or miss. Sometimes the pico inside is all clumped together in the ends of the wedges, leaving the outside edges dry with no filler. Other times, it's perfectly scattered throughout. Quesadillas come with sour cream and guacamole, you can't screw up sour cream but the guac is just a bland, pasty green glop of who knows what. J usually gets some type of burger with the trio of fries (waffle, russet, sweet if memory serves me right) The fires are tasty and J is never disappointed with his burger though his "medium rare" tends to come out differently each time, he has never sent it back.Service is also hit or miss, i guess it depends on day of the week and time of visit. Large screens make WH ideal for catching up on all the March Madness or UFC fights while satisfying your cravings.
3	Been here a few times and it's been consistently OK.  Nothing special mind you.  Last time I was here, I ordered the chop salad, which again... nothing exciting, but not bad.  It came out Pittsburgh style with fries on top.  Overall, this place is not a bad option to go to when you're hungry at the casino.
2	Eh, nice view from the outside patio but I thought the food was disappointing.  My nachos were served with a strange textured cheese sauce and jar salsa.  It had that foodservice/hotel taste to it that wasn't too appealing.  Big portion of food but that is about it.
4	Great food, decent prices (better than the buffet upstairs) and the service was great. Our server was very good and entertained my in laws with just enough humor.  I had a patty melt which was very good. I was able to sub out the fries for a sweet potato.  Hubby had the sandwich that was topped with pierogies.  The views from the dining room are amazing.  I wish it was nicer out so we could sit outside. I would go back in a heart beat.
3	Located in the Rivers Casino with a view of the patio and river. I can tell that outside seating in the summer is tops here. This was a good stop for food before gaming. The staff was friendly to us but painfully slow to get hamburgers, salad and chicken fingers order out to us! Though, I bet that was fine, so you do not spend all your cash in the casino while your eating at least. ;) Drinks are overpriced and food was very average. Burgers were ok but the fires were dried out and unappealing.The chop salad with grilled chix, however, was the best meal on the table. I'd given 2 stars if my mother was not raving how much she enjoyed said salad.I'd say worth a try esp if you can hit the happy hours here and are into watching sports, they have a million tv's in here. ;).
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars. While it's nowhere near casino restaurants in Vegas, it's pretty good. I've had a few sandwiches here (burger and the club) both being pretty good and quite a few appetizers which is how I would live my meals if I could. Nachos. Not bad. A little gooey with both shredded cheese and cheese sauce. This past time I had them I added chicken, but there was also meat in the chili they put on it. I don't recall if this was listed on the menu. While I liked it, vegetarians should double check that info. I really prefer on shredded cheese so I may ask for that the next time. Chicken fingers...as expected. Pretzel bites...I live soft pretzels and most places (most) cannot screw these up. These are great here. Warm, slightly oiled and plentiful.Drink selections and beer selections are decent, too. Because I'm a gambler, I am usually comped for my meals for the most part. Can't complain about that.Service has always been good here.
4	This was my first experience going to the wheelhouse the menu wasn't as spectacular as I expected. The wait for our food after ordering was long,but I must say whenever our food came out it was piping hot and it was very good. The waiter wasn't too outgoing or friendly to say the least. There were a lot of tables in the front but for some reason they sat us way back in the back of the restaurant.I ordered the garlic Parmesan chicken and loaded friesThe chicken was delicious I guess my loaded fries would've been delicious too but I got a side of fries not the loaded fries that I Ask for.my waiter said oh I'm sorry I thought you ordered a side of fries,but I can bring you out some chili I politely said no thank you! all in all yes I would return.
