5	I think it may be a crime to give fewer than five stars to Twisters.  Seriously, they're awesome.  Their soft-serve (try half chocolate, half vanilla!) is probably the best on the planet and they offer homemade ice cream sandwiches.  Everything is affordable, so you can easily feed your frozen dessert addiction.  On hot days, or heck, even on lukewarm days, this is the place to be.
5	They have awesome soft serve, home made ice cream sandwiches.  I look forward to the time when twisters reopens after the winter.  They are cheap, friends, and most importantly delicious!  Make sure you get ice cream sandwiches to go, because after you finish one you'll want another one!
3	So we've been a couple times. It's a cute little place, reminiscent of the little corner ice cream place we went to as kids. Now this isn't Cold Stone quality stuff, but it's decent and cheap. Plus they have REAL Slush Puppies, old school style. It's a little confusing when you walk up, you can't tell whether they are taking orders at the window or inside the shop. Minor problem though.I was forced to deduct two stars, however, after I visited today. I ordered a small cookies and cream "Flurry" and was shocked, nay, FLABBERGASTED to learn that this place, which has the nerve to call itself a business, uses FAUX Oreo cookies. I don't even know if I can walk down the same street as this store ever again. They may as well have given me a Rocks and Gravel Flurry. A travesty, really.
4	we live just a few blocks away from this hidden old time gem.  to be honest, i don't stray too far from a soft serve cone - twisted chocolate & vanilla that's totally covered with jimmies.  but, it's always a hit!!the only bad thing?  i can't really figure out their hours, which may just be a neighborhood thing (see j'eet)...but, at least they light up the big plastic cones out front to let you know when they're around.
4	Oh Twisters is fun. We had ice cream here not long ago. I had some Blizzard-type thing, and it was delicious. The girl behind the window was a sweetheart too. I loved her hair and piercings.
5	The beauty of living directly next to Twisters is that well I have an unlimited supply of frozen goodies right in my backyard literally.I only get the chocolate vanilla swirl for myself and a small scoop of sugar free vanilla ice cream for the puppy.The ladies that work there during the summer are always super nice.Nothing to ever complain about here.
4	if you like blizzards from DQ, Twisters is better. More filling and it is a little cheaper. Solid little shop
3	Twisters really wasn't that great. I had a snickers flurry. The vanilla soft serve just didn't have the right texture and the snickers tasted stale. The medium size, which wasn't very big at all, was $4. I only give it 3 stars for the different choices they had. Vanilla, choc, or twist soft serve. Different Hershey's brand ice creams, milkshakes, floats, flurries, cones, slushies. And more! Other than all the choices, I would've given it 2 stars. It does have that cute small hometown charm and the woman working was very nice.
4	They have so many oldies but goodies! However, they stopped making the homemade ice cream sandwiches because they don't have the wafers :( Still a nice treat.  FYI, they only take cash
