5	I Just noticed this place for the first time about a week ago and put it on my to-do list. I'm thinking this location is fairly new.So I order a slice and a salad. Very Pleased, I got the Greek slice with mozzarella, feta, tomato red onion and kalamata olives with the ZBQ Salad which was mixed greens, BBQ chicken,roasted red peppers,red onions,sweet corn and fresh cilantro tossed with a chipotle ranch , Yum!! The slice was huge and delicious with a soft sourdough tasting crust and the salad was also a generous size. The greens were fresh and the corn was crispy not canned and soggy like some places are, plus all the salad toppings and dressing were evenly distributed throughout the salad not just piled on top. I loved getting a mix of it all in every bite.They also have some really appetizing and unique combinations for pizza's if your ordering a whole one, I'll definitely be trying one of those in the near future.Not to mention a small selection of sandwiches and pastas too and the best part is they deliver.I give five stars for flavor and quality and adding it to my list of must have lunches.
4	There is a Z Pizza very close to my house that I love to get pizza from...  I was doubly excited when I found out that there was one opening near my work.  So I finally got a chance to try this one out and it was just as good as the one near my house.  My only complaint would be that they did not really have anything to choose from for individual slices and it would take 15 - 20 minutes for anything else.  It was only 12pm so one would think that they would have planned accordingly for a lunch rush.  Anyway I ended up with 2 slices... one cheese, one veggie and a drink for $6.50.
5	delicious customizable pizza -- make sure to take note of whole wheat crust option, diff types of sauces and cheeses and a variety of toppings --  I can enjoy my food even more knowing it is healthy as well as delicious. It's only a couple (literally) of dollars more than the standard doughy stuff but soooo much better.
5	Excellant Pizza and great value
5	Three words.. love love love! First off, the cute little delivery boy randomly asked me if I had any wire hangers. Images of Joan Crawford swam through my head. Next, the prices are phenomenal. I couldn't even use the coupon I had because the entire meal was under $20. My friend devoured his pasta in less than 5 minutes and I shortly followed suit with my delicious cheese pizza. Normally, I am a strict pizza purist...just cheese with nothing else. However, judging by the quality of the foundation, I may be willing to branch out and see what other wonderful flavors are in store.I'll also keep a wire hanger handy just in case.
4	It was good.  Not cheap, but good.  We had a half cheese, half pep delivered and it was $19.  It was one of the hottest deliveries I've ever had show up at the door.The cheese was good and the pep was tasty.  I was happy with the pie and a large fed three adults with a slice or two leftover. Good stuff.
2	I suppose with this type of restaurant, the time of day you arrive dictates how good your meal is.  We showed up about 2pm on a Sunday and the Pizza slices had obviously been under the lights for some time.  Dry and overcooked, the pizza was very forgettable.  I suppose next time I go I'll request a fresh pizza.
1	So Sad, I went here the other day craving the ZBQ pizza only to see that they are now CLOSED!!!
