4	Summerlin's newest restaurant - Sea Stone, has replaced Hannah's!  Yesterday's red carpeted grand opening gave me the chance to sample their food and wine menu.  It appears they kept the original inside dcor and the running water above and below creates a serene atmosphere.Describing their food as 'sushi & gourmet fusion', you see a range of Asian techniques in their cooking.  * Boca Park Roll (Deep fried yellowtail topped with spicy tuna and scallions, served with eel sauce and spicy aioli.) - My favorite of those offered - eat it while it's hot!* Cucumber Wrap (A riceless sushi adventure with tuna, salmon, albacore, crab, avocado, and kaiware wrapped with cucumber.) - It's refreshing and light, and a nice contrast against other rolls with heavy sauces.* 9th Isle (Spicy tuna roll with spicy shrimp tempura, cucumber and kaiware sprouts served with sweet glazed unagi.) - Eel lovers and those scared off by the raw will enjoy this roll.* TNT (California roll topped with baked rock shrimp, shitake mushroom, and scallop with creamy aioli and sweet onion sauce.) - The mushroom topping dominates.* Baja Roll (California roll topped with marinated tuna, tomato, flying fish roe and green onion.) - One again, the toppings are coming off, but refreshing with the tomatoes.* Sea Stone Rainbow (A riceless sushi delight made with ahi tuna, salmon, snapper, and crab mix, rolled in soybean paper and served with balsamic-mango reduction.) - Reminds me of a spring roll and enjoyable for those watching their carb intake.Dim sum offerings included the shrimp puff, which came with a mayo dipping sauce.  It was loaded with shrimp and yummy when eaten hot.  I also tried the steamed pork and vegetable purse, aka siu mai or pork dumpling.  These were standard with other dim sum restaurants.One of my favorites was the Peanut Crusted Hibachi Satays (Grilled chicken thighs with cilantro, Fresno chiles, lemongrass, coconut, and soy peanut vinaigrette.).  It was full of flavor and the sauce was delicious!  The Beef Negimayaki (Tender and juicy teriyaki beef skewers with scallion kimchi filling, garlic and a light tomato relish.) was okay, the beef was rolled around the scallion and skewered, didn't taste as exception as it sounded.  The Stuffed Ahi Carpaccio (Thinly sliced ahi rolled around crab ceviche with jalapeno, salsa, baby greens and a ponzu glaze.) had a bit of caviar on top that made it decadent.A nice twist was the Haricot Vert & Asparagus Salad (Tomato concassee, frisee, chevre cheese and glazed walnuts with mustard vinaigrette.) which can be heavy with the goat cheese.  The nuts provide a sweet and crunchy texture to the softness of the cheese.Of the entre samples, my favorite was the Baked Miso Yaki Butterfish (Shiro miso, sake, mirin and ginger, served with braised coconut rice.).  The fish was soft and silky and the rice was like butter, so good!  The Grilled Black Angus Strip (Roasted garlic herb butter, served with cured tomatoes and roasted sweet potatoes.) wasn't as tender as I had hoped, but the potatoes were a lovely treat!  I heard great things about the Potato-Crusted Salmon (Served with stir-fried vegetables and a ginger lime butter sauce.), but it didn't live up to the excitement.  The potatoes were shoe-string and would come off in one piece and the salmon was standard.  The stir-fried veggies were julienne-cut, so the flavors were muddled together.  The Braised Tofu with Spicy Tomato Black Bean Sauce (Soft tofu coated in potato starch and fried in vegetable oil, braised in vegetable stock, soy and chili sauce and served with tomato concassee and black beans.) is typical of what I find at Chinese restaurants.  However, the tomato added a slight contrast that made it unique and possibly, a vegetarian's dream.  With all the heavy eating, I was pleased with their dessert offerings.  They had two sweets to choose from - the Chocolate Zen and the White Chocolate Bliss.  I preferred the chocolate with its flourless, ganache-glazed dark chocolate cake over the white chocolate and coconut sponge cake.Not only did Sea Stone go all out on the food, they provided ample wine and sake tasting.  They had an extensive wine list, but their sake list is what kept me happy.  Not only do they offer traditional sake, but those who enjoy the sweeter side of life will enjoy Hana's fruit-based ones (Fuji Apple, Raspberry, and Lychee) and the Star Rabbit "Blueberry Infused" sparkling sake.  I'm a big fan of the sweet stuff, but the new discovery of the blueberry sparkling one was a fab find!Overall, Sea Stone is another Asian fusion restaurant in the Vegas scene.  Their market is different being off strip though and based in Boca Park.  They have a nice outdoor lounge area that would be great for after work dinner drinks and eats.  They offer some typical Asian fare and sushi, and some unique concoctions as well.  I'd be back to sample their other creative inventions.
4	Now we had a wedding party here just a few days ago.  Food was good.  Some a bit unique such as bulgogi sliders with kimchee inside.  Some flat breads.  The desserts were just awesome.  The outside patio area is really nice and cozy.  The bartenders were a bit confused and mixed up.  They might've been a bit flustered with so many drink orders.  The decor inside is really nice.
2	I got off work at 9p and bf and I wanted to go to a restaurant, just sit at the bar and have some drinks, apps, and a dessert. We took the opportunity to try Sea Stone. I've always liked the decor in that building. Its very appealing and its also practical for the staff. The one thing I wish they would've got rid of is the stupid water table. That thing is tacky. And its broken. Since we just had drinks and an app, I can't review the whole dining experience. We sat at the bar. Our bartender was a young kid with bandanas, tattoos, piercings, and remnants of black fingernail polish. All of the other patrons sitting at the bar dressed likewise, the Vegas rocker punk demographic. We got the porcupine shrimp appetizer, which tasted very similar to Chinese honey walnut shrimp. It was a really small portion for $11. If you go to Joyful House and order honey walnut shrimp, you'll get twice as much for the same price. For our appetizer and one round of drinks, we paid $26 before tip. Sea Stone is just like Hannah's but more Korean than Vietnamese. * off the strip, non-casino
1	Well, folks, based on the review by Teri C, we thought we would go over and try it.Alas, they are closed for good.  We are not locals but were just passing through so i don't know if this was a victim of the recession or what.  But, I do know it is closed and abandoned,What a shame, it is a beautiful building.Jim
