4	Ground Zero was the first coffee shop I visited after moving to Madison, and it's still a favorite to this day.  While there are probably more funky and electic alternatives, Ground Zero is a bright, solid choice for lingering over a Sunday paper, studying, or browsing through one of the many Dwell magazines inhabiting the space.  Choose from hot coffee and tea drinks or something cold from the cooler to go along with pastries and sandwiches and soups made to order.Given its location, Ground Zero is popular with Willy Street area residents, grad students, and others of the "mature" crowd--weekends can be challenging to find a table amongst the laptop crowd tapping the free wi-fi.  Parking is plentiful in the building lot or on Williamson St.  One of the only knocks is the hours--closes at 9pm on weekdays and 10pm on Friday and Saturday evenings.
5	Very nice place to sit down and work. Nice environment, friendly people, quiet. The food/drink offerings are actually quite good by coffee shop standards.
4	Good coffee and a cool setup inside. The quality of the drinks seems vary depending who's making them, but they're more than happy to make you a new one if you aren't pleased with it.
4	This was rated one of the best coffee shops in the Madison area, and I can see why. I'm not a huge coffee drinker, but the smell of all the different roasts they had was almost enough to convert me :-) We had some really tasty sandwiches for lunch.The place was really quiet - a bunch of people alone on their laptops, but it was still a friendly atmosphere. Very eclectic decorations, a nice amount of tables, and a couple couches.
5	Really cool space and excellent coffee.
4	I really enjoy this place. I've been here at least 5 times and the coffee is always good and the baristas are friendly.  Additionally there is hassle free parking in back.  My only suggestion is that it's not necessarily a good place to meet more than 4 people at once as larger tables are at a premium.
5	Great coffee house! Good coffee, tasty sandwiches, very friendly staff (who lack that exhausting pretentious aura that too many Willy Street establishments ooze), comfortable chairs, decent-sized tables and a great, sunny atmosphere. The internet is fast and there are a decent number of outlets as long as you have a longish cord.
5	Awesome atmosphere awesome coffee. I often meet clients here for meetings because it's a pretty condusive place to have a coffee and do a little work.Thumbs up
4	Good coffee, good atmosphere! And parking! And my morning bun was delicious.
3	It was ok.  Dropped by for an early cup.  Nice relaxing atmosphere, looked like plenty of places to sit and relax for a long while.  Good selection on the coffee but my coffee was just average.  Will probably try again in the future and will repost if I have a better experience.
4	a friend and i dropped in for coffee during the willy street fair, and i was wowed. the baristas are pleasant and fast, the coffee is delicious, and the decor is fantastic - old schoolroom maps and lockers, with tons of space to sit. i really liked this place and will definitely be back soon.
4	Great coffee & great service.
5	I've lived in Madison a long time and never really noticed how awesome Ground Zero is. Their sammiches are damn tasty and really cheap too. Usually at a coffee shop the sammiches are dry and boring and flavorless, but Ground Zero has great lunch options. Not to mention, really really good coffee.
4	The coffee is good and the treats are always delicious.  The staff is super friendly as well.  There is lots of room to sit and chat usually.  The atmosphere is such that you can sit and chat with friends without having people glare from behind laptops.  Great spot!
4	Good coffee for a very reasonable price. Clean little establishment with generous employees. Drink local! Havn't had their food, so that docks them a star, but that might change soon!
4	This was one of my favourite coffee shops to go to in Madison because it was more inviting than most of the coffee shops present. (I was intimidated by not being "hipster enough" at many of them. They have some food items and there is plenty of seating. What is funny about this coffee house is it seems EVERYONE comes here to work on their laptops...it is rare to find anyone talking. There are couches, which I loved. It is nice to be able to be so relaxed and feel at home without your strung our, high roommates talking to the walls......oh you don't have that problem? It is rather frequent in Madison...
4	INT: Ground Zero - Day. Barista yelps behind counter.BARISTA: Does somebody have a red Nissan Juke parked across the street? The city is towing your car.Exit Corey. Frazzled. Oy. EXT: Curbside. Wide shot. Tow Truck. The Jew & His Juke. Traffic Cop. COREY: Oh my gosh are there parking restrictions here? I saw a bunch of cars parked across from the cafe and figured it was ok.TRAFFIC COP: You see that sign that says no parking 4:00-5:30. POV: Sign. COREY: Oh man.TRAFFIC COP: What time is it? POV: Watch.COREY: 4:18.EXT: Willy Street. No cars parked. TRAFFIC COP: We need both lanes to keep traffic moving from 4:00-5:30. COREY: Shoot. I just moved here, been here for 3 days. I'm really sorry. TRAFFIC COP: What do you think of the car? You like it? COREY: It's great!TRAFFIC COP: I'll go ahead and exit out of this screen. (POV: Ticket Generator.) That way you won't have to pay the towing fee, just the $45 parking citation. COREY: Ok, I appreciate that. TRAFFIC COP: So seriously, anything you don't like about this car? I'm going to get one. END.Thanks Ground Zero barista. Because of you I didn't have to go find my car last week. Because of you I could stay and work (which is awesome thanks to free WIFI, ample tables and strategic outlets) while I sipped on the best cold brew I've found in Madison. The search continues, but after four places, you guys are tops!
5	One of the best all around coffee houses in Madison.If you need a place to chill in Madison this is it. A warm, clean, beautiful coffee house with great drinks, food, and music.Extremely approachable baristas and ambiance, this place is good for both drinks to go and to stay. Wifi, good couches, local pride and a modern vibe without being too sterile. This is the place for real people.I'd recommend the tuna, the chai and brewed coffee.There's a parking lot too, so be aware around rush hour!Best overall coffee house.
5	Fantastic space, decorated with plenty of natural light and vintage maps. Great seasonal drink menu and extremely friendly staff. I was in town for the weekend and this was the only coffee shop I could find in Madison that opens before 7am on Saturday.
5	They have a robot that makes cappuccinos.  'Nuff said.
4	Ground Zero is a solid coffee shop. The parking lot next to Ground Zero is a plus! Good seasonal drinks, reasonable prices. Nice ambiance. Love the worn wood floors. Lots of space. Doesn't get too loud even if the place is full, which is a plus if you're trying to work. Wifi connection is decent. They could have a little more breakfast food variety. Other than that, great spot!
4	Ground Zero is the sister coffee shop to Cargo Coffee on Park St.  Both make good espresso drinks and have standard pastry selections.  The drip coffee is so-so, though it's nice you can order an 8oz cup as well as other sizes. Very 1950s coffee set. (Maybe not a coincidence? I'm a fan of any coffee shop like this that has the nerve to decorate in "post WWII cold war bunker".)There is good wifi, almost always parking in the lot, and a cool renovated historic building that's shared with El Dorado Grill.Advice: get an iced latte in the summer.  It will last exactly the walk from Ground Zero down to St Vinnys for vintage/thrift shopping.
5	Recently found this gem on the the hippy Willy St. Being able to venture out of the UW campus and seeing a different scenery is just what I needed! The coffee shop has great ambiance; I love the maps and the globes in the shop as well as other post WWII decors. As for coffee, lattes are decent. I'm here more for the ambiance than the coffee. Tables are slightly smaller if you are the type that like to spread out. Oh, another plus, plenty parking available.
5	We used to come here to read, study and write. I am a supporter of a local business so I will try to choose this kind of place as opposed to other chains. They have a very refreshing ice-tea with a reasonable price and their mocha meets my standard. I love the atmosphere too- not too quiet but not noisy. The barista is always nice on every visit I make.
5	Always my favorite spot to study, relax and have a sip of my favorite mocha treat! The ambience is so hippy that makes me always happy :)Today, I tried their sandwich and learned that they are very similar with Cargo's. I think I read about it on other's review that these two places are sisters. I'll try to stick with the locals! They need to survive and they're fab too! *We actually were aimed to have some tea at Machatea but 4th of July has made most the coffee shops in Madison closed. But, Ground zero is never a bad idea. It's super!
2	stopped here for some studying, so i was looking for a solid cup of coffee that would keep me going. what i got: watery "coffee" that didn't taste good or give me that buzz i was looking for. meh at best for the product, but the atmosphere was nice.
5	Cargo Coffee has the best roast in Madison hands down. Nice location away from campus so more relaxing and less distracting. The staff is always friendly and Knowledgeable about there products. Even the simple food menu meets ones needs. I look forward to stoping every time I'm passing by.
5	Come here often for client meetings or to just hang out and work. Love the ambiance - an eclectic mix of antique maps, cameras and radios create a groovy, WWII-ish feel. Wood floors, funky tables and chairs, and the historic building make it cozy. Friendly staff, good food and drink. Locally owned. Free WiFi.
4	I am a fan of their coffee, fun space, and long standing history of quality service.  I visited this shop over 12 years ago, not much has changed and that's just fine by me.Vintage maps and a old school feel, looks just right on Willy Street gives off a good vibe.  The place is usually quite full, so hard to grab a spot in the colder months.  Love that they place some tables out front in the summer.  Bonus: Parking lot right next to building.Minus: It's too quite for a conversation or a loud mouth like me.
5	My favorite Coffee place in Madison !The capuchino is strong, the pastries are good, and the service is excellent.I also like the ambiance, relax and eclectic.
5	This is the best in Madison:  great staff, great coffee and tea, great food. A welcome indie alternative to Starbucks and other chains. The owner is a hands-on manager and it shows in all the details.
5	I had a perfect cappuccino at ground zero this morning.  Tons of foam and delicious.
4	Great coffee place on Willy St. I went here often since I lived right by it. Loved their mochas and the large, vintage maps on the walls. Food was decent, and the staff was nice. They didn't have the most wall outlets for when I was studying, but my roommate and I survived.
5	I love my coffee. I love ground zero. I have spent many hours studying here. I took my in-laws here! Great personality and feel. Almost every time I am there, I have issues choosing what I want to drink and the baristas are very patient and willing to recommend a great drink!
4	I prefer their locations on e. Wash and park st., but this place is better than the chains...I am not a coffee drinker and would like to see their tea selection improve...good basic lunches and atmosphere.
2	Coffee was decent. Not a bad atmosphere. However, rude service. I brought in a  small paper bag with a croissant in it that I had purchased elsewhere, though it was not totally obvious that it was food. When the barista served me my coffee he was like "I'm sorry, but we don't allow outside food. You can't eat that in here." RUDE. rude. rude. I'm glad I didn't immediately leave a tip because they get NONE. I don't even think they sell croissants, so WTF? And being rude to me is going to make me want to buy their food? I think not. The only plus in this place is that they have free Wi-Fi and weren't playing annoying music.
5	Great place for studying.  Awesome coffee combos!  Parking is a challenge, but worth finding a spot.  Haven't had food there yet, but my latte rocked.
