4	I had a great time kayaking on the Hoover Dam Launch tour in June. Janet our guide was friendly, patient and efficient. The small paddling crowd varied from old to young and from athletic to medium. The conditions that day were pretty good with some wind in the afternoon which made things more challenging.Best parts: This is a lovely area of the Colorado River. We saw some wonderful wildlife. Along the 11 mile stretch of river that is the Hoover Dam Launch tour, we stopped several times and hiked into the slot canyons and hot springs. We saw some beautiful caves and crystal clear water, and amazing rock formations everywhere. This is a great getaway and a really well-planned trip. It's also a good taster for destinations you might want to seek out on  your own next time for camping or soaking in that area. Most parts she showed us have road access although you may have to hike a lot more than we did to get to the springs or river.Worst parts: None really except maybe really decide if the Hoover Dam Launch tour is for all levels including beginner. If you have kayaked very little and aren't super active, think about a shorter trip so you get the ultimate enjoyment out of things. At the end of our 11 mile paddle I was pooped in the rear so had no warning there was a strong current to avoid right before our landing area and found out the hard way. But overall it was a great experience and I felt like I was in really good hands, and I'd recommend it if you want to get out of Vegas and have some nice experiences checking out the scenery and being active.
5	We contacted Evolution Expeditions to be a part of a Bachelor weekend for one of our friends. I didn't know what to expect, this being our first time kayaking. The day started with Dan picking us up from the Hotel. He drove an hour to pick us up at Las Vegas! We took the route all the way past the Hoover Dam and all the way to Lake Mead to meet our tour guide/instructor Rod for the Webbed Foot Tour (half day tour).Rod is as good of an tourguide as anyone gets. Not only did he understand that this was a bachelor weekend, he made a lot of fun out of kayaking. Sure it is a lot of work to get up and down the river, but we did have a great time learning how to tip other kayaks over, and how to splash each other with paddles. The river wasn't too cold for there to be any discomfort. Rod was very knowledgeable about the wildlife and made sure to point out things that would interest us. Overall a success.Here's why they get 5 stars based on these criteria (not in any particular order):a. Effort - I like that they have a shuttle service and they try their best to make it convenient to the visitor. Lunch is catered by a local deli and they take care all of that for you. The even bring a lot of bottled water (it was hot so they froze the water) and some frozen drinks that melted to be perfectly cool. Awesome of them to think of that. They also take lots of photos for the group and post it on their Facebook page for you to tag.b. Fun Factor - kayaking looks easy, but in essence requires a lot of effort and athleticism. It was fun to compete in water fights, races and other little games down the river. Rod made sure to teach us "tricks" to use on each other.c. Tourguide knowledge - Rod and Dan have different backgrounds but are very knowledeable to the questions we asked about the wildlife and the Hoover Dam. A sub-par tourguide could very much kill the trip.d. Scenery - lovely and relaxing.The only complaint was my roast beef sandwich wasn't the best sandwich I ever ate. But it gave me the energy I needed for the afternoon paddle.Thanks Evolution Expedition for an unforgettable weekend!
5	I did a kayaking trip with Evolution Expeditions in September 2008.  It was a super day.  Since they have their home in Summerlin, their first stop for pick up is at Red Rock Resort.  I drove there and parked in the garage.  They arrived right on time, and one person from the hotel went with me as the van took us to the Hacienda Hotel where the groups get their paperwork in order with the government person.  This is necessary because of the heightened security at the dam.From the Hacienda, we were driven to the launch area just south of Hoover Dam along the Colorado.  It was a wonderful morning with lots of sun and little wind.  There are several stops as you make your way from hoover Dam to Willow Beach in Arizona--an 11 mile trip.  The first stop is at Sauna Cave, a long test boring done before the dam was constructed.  There is very warm water that steams up camera lenses quickly, and for some people, claustrophobia may be a problem.  Sauna Cave is only a 1/2 mile or so down the river.  The next stop is lower Goldstrike Canyon.  There are several hot springs in the canyon and a few warm waterfalls.  There is one area where the water temperatures are about 110 degrees.  Goldstrike is only a few hundred yards south of Sauna Cave.  From here, you kayak 3+ miles to the Arizona Hot Springs, which is about 4 miles from the beginning of the trip.  Here you get a chance to climb up a new ladder that goes to the hot springs beyond this waterfall.  Since I got careless before arriving here, my camera got wet when I tipped my kayak getting out and I have no photos from here on except the ones when I hiked to the Hot Springs.After the springs, you travel 3 more miles and then stop for a lunch break.  After the lunch break, the trip continues downstream where you can see Emerald Cave and then the river gauging system before finishing the last two miles to Willow Beach.  The Evolution van will be waiting.  You just get out, go get a soda or snack, and they load the kayaks onto the trailer.  Then they drive you back to your hotel.This was a super day.  It is a great way to spend a day enjoying the scenery near Las Vegas.  From the look of the photos already posted, I went the wrong day.  (Big sigh!)  :)
5	Seriously 5 stars! From the moment of pick up to drop off it really was a grand adventure. 3 girls, 40'th birthday, lots of sass and ready to tear it up. Well, Rod and Debbie jumped on that boat immediatley with us and it was on! It was breathtaking and informative and fun and challenging and memories that will last a lifetime.  I thought I had an idea of what it was going to be about at the Hoover Dam, but I really had no idea that the experience FAR outways the idea of what you think it is by reading their bio. The river, the hot sauna spring, the waterfalls JUST EVERYTHING!!! We wanted to enjoy the day and with Debbie as our guide, she never was anything but upbeat and ready to laugh and teach us on this incredible journey. I am not a Kayaker, so I had to dig really deep (there might of been a couple...Dear baby-Jesus moments mantra'd) but at the end I was soo proud of my accomplishment. I will totally be back to share this with my kids when their a little older. Truely amazing and amazingly professional! Don't come on this trip if you don't want to have fun. Laugh with your group, be playfull, learn alot and be in the moment...it is extraordinary.(p.s. don't want to leave out Dan. He was awesome too!)
5	This past week, the hubby and I took a trip to Vegas to celebrate our anniversary.  The strip can get old really fast, so we decided to book a kayaking tour to break up the monotony of gambling, shopping, drinking, etc.  So glad we did!  I chose Evolution Expeditions because they were the only Company I found that offered half day tours every day of the week, and being a kayaking rookie, I wasn't ready to commit to a full day of kayaking.Our guide for the day was Rod, who picked us up at the front door of our hotel (which was super convenient since we didn't have a rental car) at 8:45am.  The drive took a little over an hour, but Rod immediately made us feel comfortable and the ride did not seem long at all.  He was very knowledgeable about the Hoover Dam and pointed out landmarks and provided us with the relevant historical background.  Once we got to the launch site, he showed the hubby and I the basics and off we went.While out on the river, Rod let us set the pace and pointed out the local wildlife.  He even took pictures of us kayaking, leaving us to be able to focus on the scenery.  We stopped at a little beach where Rod provided lunch, and we got to rest for a bit.  During our little break, Rod even joined the hubby in some rock jumping into the river.  The hubby had a blast!Once we were all done, Rod delivered us back to the hotel around 4ish, which was perfect timing for us to get ready to go out and hit the strip again.  All in all, we had an awesome time!  We highly recommend and will definitely go for a full day kayaking tour on our next trip.  Evolution Expeditions made it such a stress free day, and between the hotel pick up, the picture taking and the lunch, the hubby and I didn't need to worry about a thing!  And bonus points for sending us pictures from the tour by the next day!
5	I've gone twice with this outfit. Each time it was a wonderful experience.They pick you up right from your hotel and lunch is provided as is plenty of cold water.  Getting to launch from under the dam is a really one of a kind experience.
1	Kayaking the Colorado River is awesome, this company is not the right one to choose though ...    The van driver/owner? of the biz basically ruined our trip; he handed us all this paperwork that included some unreal waivers of responsibility (such a $400 fee should we be late for our 3:30pm pick up time, which was originally agreed to be 4:00 pm) and we just wanted to know what that waiver was for ...     After agreeing to sign the docs and everything he wanted, he decided not to rent the kayaks to us ... :? In addition he added " ... and so you know, I don't even have to give you a ride back to the hotel ...". This was at the bottom of the hoover dam, and he was threatening us with leaving us right there in the middle of nowhere.    I should have read the reviews about this company before purchasing, since other people had similar experiences...    There seem to be some 5 stars rating here too, which is surprising to me, they seem to describe the experience of kayaking the river, rather than the company itself ...
2	A friend and I used this outfit June 10', I did some searching around on the internet just to check out prices and what exactly was included. It wasn't a bad experience, I just feel it was way overpriced. We met them at he hacienda hotel in boulder city and they shuttled us down to the dam launch area, we had a decent boxed lunch and continued down black canyon. I recommend making a reservation ahead of time with whatever outfit you choose because NPS can only give out a certain amount of permits a day, so it does fill up quickly, if I ever decide to kayak again, I would find a kayak rental place. I don't see why this cost $190.
5	Had a great trip with Rod from Evolution Expeditions.  Great equipment.  Great guide.  Great trip.  Beautiful scenery.  Highly recommend these guys!
1	I was really excited for the tour, and in defense of the company I was told it was non-refundable. The night before the tour I lost my cell phone and slept in past the shuttle pick up at 8:45 AM. They waited for me for 15 minutes and tried to get in touch with me. I called them 20 minutes past the shuttle pick-up at 9:05, and confessed about losing my phone and tried pleading with them since I had paid $300.00 for myself and a friend. I asked three options to work with them; Can I take a cab to the launching point? Can I  reschedule the tour for tomorrow? and lastly of course, can I get a refund?  This surprising response I got was one containing profanities, and it was insulting and degrading. I was completely shocked by their unwillingness to work with me and their unprofessionalism. It is in your best interest to find another kayaking company in the area.
5	I had an amazing experience with this company about 2 years ago! We're going to back to Vegas again in June and so excited to book another kayak trip with them. Rodney was so nice & helpful. He picked up & dropped us off at Red Rock Casino. We did the tandem kayak tour with another couple, who our guide ended up towing because they kind of just gave up. Our trip guide also took pictures and emailed them to us a few days later. I've noticed a few 1-star reviews, which surprises me because the gentleman who picked us up and guided our trip was delightful to work with. I really hope that our 2nd trip will be just as amazing as the 1st time with Evolution Expeditions.
5	Our whole group had an amazing experience on this trip. Our guide Adam was very helpful and knew a great amount about the Hoover Damn and overall area. Not only did we see some awesome sights but we also learned some interesting facts on the history of the river. We hiked to some hot-springs, a very cool hot cave and also cooled off by jumping in the frigged Colorado river. Adam took us to a great lunch spot where we all docked and ate the sandwich's provided by them. If you are visiting Vegas, I definitely recommend taking a day and making this trip. With the professionalism you receive from the whole group and the peaceful relaxing paddle down the river, there is no way you will be disappointed. This was by far the highlight of our trip!
5	Nothing but great things said about this company. I would give this company a 1000/1000 if I could. The service was beyond superb. I was honestly expecting this kayaking/hiking expedition to be just par, but my girlfriend and I had one of the best vacations because of this 1 day trip we took with this company. She had made reservations a week prior to our Vegas trip. Not many people see Vegas as an adventurous and outdoorsy place because Nevada is known for Vegas and Vegas is known for their gambling, strippers, shows, hotels, food, etc. Just the thought of getting picked up at the front of the hotel at 4am on a Sunday plus a 12 mile tandem kayak down the Colorado River seemed mentally exhausting, but towards the end of the day, my girlfriend and I did not want the day to end! It was that much fun! Trust me, once you dip yourself into the extremely cold water of the Colorado River, you will be 100% completely wide awake, if that doesn't work, I don't know what will. The weather could not have been any more beautiful than the Sunday of June 1st. The sun was out with a slight breeze and it did not affect the toughness of kayaking throughout the day. I highly recommend this to anyone and everyone! Our guide Adam was awesome, couldn't ask for a funnier or more socialable guide. He was very knowledgeable in the history of Colorado River, he knew all the secret hot springs, the waterfalls, caves, and took us to a few areas to go diving, which was a unique treat. He was just an awesome guide and took amazing photos. If you are to book with this tour company, make sure you ask for Adam. He has plenty of his life stories to share and you will be laughing you're a$$ off throughout the trip. Rod is another tour guide whom had driven us to the kayak scene, but is a normal guide on half days, he provides great conversation and takes great pictures. You can't go wrong with either guide!We were extremely fortunate to see a herd of Rams coming down to the river to drink water during the 12 mile kayak at 3 separate incidences. It was absolutely beautiful and breathtaking, luckily Adam had taught us ahead of time on how to approach the Rams without scaring them off. We came about 10 feet close to them and took some close up photos....again, it was a great experience. My girlfriend and I had enjoyed each and every minute of this trip from 5am - 2pm. We had taken tons of pictures, had great conversation, and enjoyed the spectacular and breathtaking views. Never really saw Nevada that way given that Sin City is the first thing that pops to people's minds when they hear the state, Nevada. My views of Nevada have completely changed and I would definitely love to come back and do this tour. Shout out to Rod and Adam. You guys ROCK!
5	Updating my review after the kayak hoover dam tour a few days ago. Another wonderful experience with Evolution Expeditions. Everyone we encountered at Evolution Expeditions was extremely nice, helpful, and funny. Adam did a wonderful job as our tour guide. I highly recommend the Kayak Hoover Dam tour to everyone. What an amazing day! Yes, we kayaked ~12 mi in 108-degree weather but it was so worth it. It's an all day tour and probably our best day on the trip. The scenery was breathtaking. Sauna cave, hot springs, emerald cave were some of the amazing places we got to stop at.  They also feed you yummy lunch, snacks, and water throughout the day. Our day started at around 5:30 am; don't let that intimidate you, the experience is well worth it. I plan on taking a tour with EE every time I go to Vegas because staying on the Strip just does not compare.
5	Fun beyond words!!!! My boyfriend and I went and we both loved it, which is a rare occurrence! The staff are super helpful and know the land really well. Most travelers think that there is nothing beyond the Strip but there is so much to do, like this trip. My favorite parts of the day were: a romantic lunch date on a sand bar, a soak in the natural hot springs, and the amazing view from my seat in the kayak. Need I say more? If you have doubts... DON'T!
5	We kayaked from Willow Beach through Black Canyon to the Emerald Cave. River was beautiful and the water at Emerald Cave was exactly as the pictures show. Lunch was tastey and Adam was helpful, positive and upbeat the whole time. I was feeling a little ill the day we went and the trip back to the beach was hard because the wind picked up really bad. Adam towed me in the last 1/2 mile as I was losing steam. Good call because we later read that a boater/swimmer died that day at the same spot, we actually saw the medics and family when we came off the water - very very sad, but Adam did an awesome job keeping our group all safe. Bring serious sun screen and water.
5	Was supposed to go white water rafting in the GC but chose this trip instead and am really glad I did.  I'd been in the GC before but had never done this.  Everything about the experience from getting picked up on time in the am to our awesome river guide Adam taking us to all the tour had to offer was amazing.  Visually stunning, amazing caves, beautiful canyons with hot spring waterfalls in them, jumping off rocks and cliffs into the Colorado, splashing each other with freezing Colorado water...what else could you possibly want out of a day trip?  I've been on plenty of these kinds of adventure trips before.  Had lame, lazy guides and box lunches I would not feed my dog.  Evolution Expeditions and all their crew actually gave a crap and made sure you had a great time.  Plus the lunches provided were really good.  To top things off at the end of the trip we spotted a Bald Eagle fishing and John (another guide) was able to snap pictures of it.....took our emails and sent it to us for FREE!  Thanks John.  On the drive back we also saw our one and only Big Horn Sheep....again more free pics provided by Adam and John.  We had a great time and will be back again.  Don't waste your time with other companies as it will not get any better than this.  One thing......if you go keep in mind that YOU have to work.  Kayaking is work and you have to be prepared to paddle.  The more you put into it the more your guide will be able to help you plus show you more cool spots because you can move down the river faster.
5	Best part of our Vegas trip.....Outstanding.  The 12 mile kayak trip is the one to take.  It provides opportunity to see so much (walk in a natural sauna, dip in a natural hot spring spa, jump into ~55 degree water, see the Hoover Dam from water level).  Guides were great.  Pick up from you hotel.  Lunches were good.  Everyone was there to help you have a good time.  The kayaks were high end which made the paddling a breeze.I would recommend Evolution Expedition to anyone.
5	My wife and I just returned from Las Vegas.  Last Wednesday we decided to do something different since we are not big gamblers. We signed up for the Black Canyon Kayak Tour with Evolution Expeditions. What a day! Celeste picked us up at our hotel at 8:45 for a 10 am tour. She was extremely informative on our drive to Willow Beach AZ. Once there we were introduced to our guides, Adam and Rod, for our four hour tour. Celeste, Adam and Rod set us up and gave us instructions before setting our Kayaks in the water. It was a beautiful day Adam and Rod continued to provide us with information along our journey.  They were a comical pair and we had a blast. Half way through we stopped on a beach for a picnic lunch that Evolution provided. It was actually very good and well needed. We would highly recommend this tour to anyone and will definitely return with our children as our son turns 21 next year. Thanks Celeste, Adam and Rod for a wonderful day.
