5	This place is great! Everything's is made fresh. The numerous lunch specials are only $5.75 served 7 days per week. Large portions, enough to feed 2. The beef with garlic sauce is the bomb! Lean pieces of tender beef with fresh veggies, choice of fried or steam rice and choice of egg roll or canned soda. A fortune cookie or 2 is included which is fun and they are fresh not stale like other places. I eat here 1-2 times per week.
3	This place is the best in the area...if your craving for Chinese Food. Every other place in this area is horrible!  I ordered the orange chicken,chicken wings, Mongolian beef and hot and sour soup... It all was ok..that's it...ok... Don't get the hot and sour soup... It was a disappointment. Everything else was ok... There was not a ton of flavor but enough to reflect what the dish is suppose to be.I will order from here again, if I'm in the mood for Chinese bc it's the only place in this area that taste ok...
3	I really wanted to love it. Consider it's literally 2 minutes from my house.It was generic Chinese. Nothing special. Totally disappointed by the Gyoza :(
5	Food is fresh and excellent!
3	The food is so so, i always order either the shrimp lo mein or the kung pao chicken. Never disappointed, Except for when i forget to ask for no celery because they use wayyyyyy too much celery in everything. Service is always good and the people working behind the counter are always friendly.
4	Not a bad place if you're in a hurry and need some decent Chinese food to go. I usually order the Shezuwan Style bean Curd and add ground chicken for only $1 and ask for extra spicy and the employees are very willing to fill my requests. Great tasty food and great prices.
1	The first time we ordered from here a couple months ago, the food was delish.  Not sure what happened since then but the orange chicken tasted weird, the spring rolls seemed like they weren't cooked long enough and the house fried rice was very bland.  We won't be ordering from here again.
4	Very quick delivery.  Usually 20-30 mins!  Food is consistently good. The online ordering process is easy. Friendly people. Big portion for little price
4	Great wonton soup! I come here just for that! If only their fried rice were good too...
1	This is really a one and a half star for it does not warrant the full one star.Hubby wanted to try this and we got a flyer in the mail.  It looked really reasonably priced and they had a bunch of choices.We ordered on line to pick up at 5pm to bring home. When hubby arrived at 4:50, the order was already sitting on the counter.  How long has it been there?  I guess had he been on time it would have sat for at least ten more minutes.We ordered pan fried potstickers...they were more like deep fried...very greasy and not good.  We also ordered General Tso chicken extra spicy.   This barely tasted hot and it was listed on the ticket as extra spicy.  Did they run out of peppers?  The most disturbing dish was the chicken Lo Mein.  The chicken was just as low grade you could find.  The noodles were limp and sooooo greasy.  Ended up throwing that away.Next time will pay a few dollars more and go to PF Changs.
5	This place has the best orange chicken I've ever had! I used to like Panda Express but this place changed my perspective on orange chicken. You get so much from their lunch special which is 6$ and you get a drink! The price is unbeatable! Recommend it if you're looking for some Chinese.
4	Found this place and been coming since they opened. Good food nice people. You get a lot of food for the price. They stuff the containers full. I even have enough for lunch the next day.I recommend Chopstix for replacement of fast food. It's the same price and much tastier in my opinion.
4	made my day recently disgusted with PF CHANG 'S overprice mediocre food. Love the house special fried rice and chicken, Orange chicken crunchy, beef lemon and sweet and sour pork. Ordered take home made to order it was great and didn't break the bank. $43 enough for 2 adults and 3 kids staff was very thankful and appreciative of my business. never disappointed!!!!!
5	I won't be going to too many other Chinese fast food restaurants now after finding this place.  Not much to look at on the outside, but it's what's on the inside that counts!  This place has your typical Chinese restaurant prices, but they definitely make it worth it!  Chopstix doesn't cheat you out of quality or quantity like many other places charging the same prices... They don't add an unnecessary amount of celery and/or peanuts, and their seafood and meat is of quality worth trying for yourself.All in all...Great quality, great quantity, friendly staff, fast service.  They will make you wonder why you've gone anywhere else!
4	Came looking for soup on this cold day! Searched yelp and found this place. The wife ordered won ton soup and it hit the spot. Soup has great flavor and was served really hot. The won ton was okay. We have had better. The mister ordered roast pork Lo Mein which is very tasteful. We will definitely come back to try other dishes. Yummy!!
