5	I love coming to thinique medical weight loss center, the staff is so friendly.  I have started taking the skinny shots and I'm so in love with them, I have seen some weight lost but what I absolutely love is how much energy I have.
5	The staff is very friendly and helpful. Can't say enough about the Skinny Boost....jump started my New Year's resolution. Thank you!
5	I am so glad I discovered Thinique in Scottsdale.  I have tried the B6, B12 with MIC shots and while they are helpful and good for your energy and metabolism, Thinique's Skinny Boost Shots are a 10+ for effectively aiding in weight loss.  Skinny shots not only contain the B vitamins, but more of them that just receiving a B6, B12 regimen.  And they amazingly curb your appetite.  Their supplements are great as well, and the staff is so friendly and helpful.  5 Stars really isn't enough for Thinique. Cathy
5	I've always fluctuated with my weight and getting the skinny boost gives me more energy to work out and it pushed me to go further. I love it, the staff is extremely helpful and informative about the products and benefits. I go in for my monthly skinny boost!
5	Swim suit season is upon us.  So I stopped in Thinique North Scottsdale to see what kind of packages they might have.  All the ladies were very informative and the clinic is super clean!  I had a SkinnyBoost shot with vitamin B12 to help speed up my metabolism as well as give me some energy. I felt fabulous afterwards! If you are looking to shed a few extra pounds and need someone to help hold you accountable, then Thinique is the place to go.  They will work out a special diet and weight loss plan just for you.  Check them out.
3	I was so happy with Thinique when I started my program the first week of Nov 2013. Everything went very well until January 2014(estimated) when all the knowledgeable staff was let go by new owners.Since then, I have struggled with the program and find it frustrating that staff have been extremely slow to get up to speed. Visits take longer, little positive reinforcement, so I stopped going and took a mindful break from the plan.Am returning to the program and hoping for the best. Will update review if service has improved.
4	Am back on the program and happy with the service. Some new products and packages and friendly staff upgraded my prior review from 3 stars. Would recommend to friends and family. Give them a try
1	Customer service just went down in the last few weeks. Not sure what happened? New ownership or management? They don't seem to really know what they're talking about. Couldn't pay me to go back.
5	I recently started my weight loss program. The front office was wonderful I think I only waited about 3 minutes until I went back to see my counselor. They made me feel comfortable.  The price was right.  I am excited to lose my baby fat!!
5	Update on my recent experience, I went back in for my skinny boost which I'm in love with, but this time I signed up for the health coach. This is my first time ever having a consultant to talk to about my weight loss journey.. but I feel so comfortable with the people who work there and I look forward to going in every month! :-)
