1	Over labor day weekend I visited this store while waiting on my husband to get his hair cut, my sales person was Marcela was very nice and helpful. I found some beautiful furniture a living room set with coffee tables and end tables and a dining room set. I was told they have layaway as I explained we are going to paint first, so I put the furniture in layaway and was told that it was approved by the manager and that I would return Friday with a deposit which I did. A month later I went back on my birthday and was going to get the furniture out I was so excited however when I got there no one could find the furniture including the acting manager Mary as it turns out she sold my furniture. How does that happen I asked  the manager Mary and her answer was there is no guarantee that we will hold the furniture so then tell me either they do not know what lay away is or they will sell their soul to the devil as long as they can make a buck. I told them this is a very poor way to do business. So the moral is there is NO such thing as a layaway at this store so be forewarned.signed Sad but will take my sale elsewhere.
1	After visiting the Glendale store two consecutive days and spending nearly $1900, Store Manager Lane Pate left me feeling less than satisfied with my experience. Lane had worked with me both days and was informed that I did not have any furniture in the home I was furnishing, yet he neglected to mention that with my bed purchase, I would not get a frame. After the deal was closed and I inquired about frame set up upon delivery he told me the frame was not included and the mattresses would be laid on the floor. He then sent me next door to purchase one from Kevin for an additional $54 more dollars. I was so shocked I didn't know what to say and just left. Even Kevin laughed and then apologized for making fun of the poor service.I am thoroughly disappointed that during our multiple discussions this detail was not mentioned, particularly since this is a necessary component. My intentions were to come back and purchase furnishings for the rest of my home, but based on how I felt when I left today... I will most certainly be doing my shopping elsewhere.
2	2 stars based only the delivery experience... Product quality is OK that warrants a 3 or 4 star rating however you need to get the product shipped to you and that's where they loose major points! They can't give you a good time window for delivery, they call you to confirm in the daytime and call you back after 630 to give you a time window which would be OK but why make the first call when the 2nd call tells you what you really need to know. You can't say I want a delivery in the AM or PM, you can't request a time window, they tell you that your delivery is based on your location, they start with the farthest out and work their way back in... problem is that the drivers re-arrange their routes to better suit their needs so in essence you may as well plan on being home from 8am to 8pm because you'll never get lucky enough to have an actual delivery window. The flaw in their system is what gives them a low score... fix deliveries and I'd be willing to change the rating. Also to be clear, I've purchased from them several times, the fact that I have an open credit line with them and the quality of the goods is (no pun intended) good, makes me go back but the experience is always soured when I get the person on the phone telling me that it's their way or no way ... so basically you get what you get, stay home all day and hope that it's OK when it's delivered! Spend less money on TV advertising and ramp up your delivery operations!
4	When we originally went in to the Room Store, we were greeted by one of the sales people.  I do not recall the gals name that approached us when we walked in.  But we told her what we were looking for.  She basically pointed us in the direction we needed and said, if you have any questions..come find me.   Uhh..okay.  We'll come find you.   Well, we had questions after a few minutes and this woman was no where to be found.  After I walked the store for about 10 minutes and still was not finding our sales gal - I ran into Tommy.  *church organ and choir singing*I had had enough with trying to find our sales gal and we starting dealing with Tommy.  He answered all our questions on the sectional and we then informed him that we were also looking for a king size mattress.  No sooner than we get into the mattress area, the original sales gal approaches all of us and was like...."I've been looking all over for you guys."  I wanted to say, 'Yeah fucking right..cause I walked around 10 minutes looking for you!"  I instead informed her that we were doing business for Tommy.  She walked away with a pissed look on her face.  I would have looked pissed too knowing that I blew a few K's sale cause I was in the back room or where ever doing whatever!  A week later we returned to purchase our sectional and mattress saving $1200 in the process (thanks to price matching on the sectional and a sealy optimum sale going on - king for a queen!)Outstanding customer service from Tommy.  The delivery guys a few days later were very helpful too, removing our old mattress and offering to move our old couch and loveseat into the carport (it was scheduled to be picked up by a charity the next day).  We'll definitely return when we're in the need of furniture!!
1	BUYER BEWAREI will never again buy at  the Room Store. Bought a sectional and the extended 5 year warranty and they will not honor the warranty.  Within 6 months the couch started tearing at the seam where the pillow and faux leather are sewed, staples popping out, and springs popping. After coming out and sewing the seam, the tear become much worse the way they sewed too high up on the faux leather. After them trying to repair several times, they now say costumer abuse, too much use, there is a rip in back (which there is not) etc etc.  After much complaining they offered for me to re-select but I had to pay 30%, full taxes, and another warranty. My original couch I purchased was discontinued (wonder why) so another couch like it would cost me $600. Warranry says that if they cant repair they will replace the cost of original purchas. Do NOT buy from the Room Store!  Poor  quality and they not only refuse to honor their warranty but lie to get out of it and falsely accuse the consumer.  I'm planning on contacting the attorney general and BBB.
5	We went to the Room Store in Goodyear....Our salesperson was Carey Knight...we had an outstanding experience. I am a person who hates to be followed by a salesperson. I like to go in, look around and when I have questions have someone ready to answer them without having to search. Carey introduced himself, left us alone, and when we were ready, he answered our questions and offered some suggestions that helped us with our decisions. We will definitely be returning for any further purchases and will deal with Carey. After they had delivered the sofa, I had noticed a nick in the wood. I called customer service, and they came the next morning to switch it out. I am very impressed and satisfied with our experience at this Room Store and our sales representative.
1	Seriously what is it with furniture salesmen, they're just like car salesmen! So we're looking for a few pieces and have been store hopping. Against my better judgement we went to look in the Room Store. The sales guy was all over us. He said he'll let us look around and he'll check on us later but he's literally following us. Any time we stop to slightly glance at a piece of furniture he quickly comes over to tell us all about the piece. Go away! If I need help I will ask for it. I really hate furniture shopping at these types of stores. The sales people are ridiculously annoying and they sell all the same cheap crap...which you can buy online for even cheaper btw (Amazon, Overstock, Wayfair, Hayneedle). So after about 15 minutes we were done. I'd had enough and we left. Won't return, hopefully...you know when you're hungry but you have nothing to eat in your kitchen but you keep randomly checking your fridge or pantry like something new is going to appear, that's how I am with these damn stores. I always hope for better furniture, and better service but it's always the same bs.
3	Nice enough furniture. Salesmen pretty friendly. Not the highest end furniture but as the saying goes, "you get what you pay for".
1	If I could give ZERO stars I would!!!!!On March 31st, we purchased our couch. Our experience at the store was easy and our sales person seemed knowledgeable. We found a sectional that we liked and were able to customize it for ONLY a $100 more.  Our sales person told us that we would have the couch within 4-6 weeks. After about 3 weeks I called the store to ask for the status of our couch. This is when all the problems started. The store was unable to find our purchase. After a few hours of searching they were able to locate our order. They had the order under the wrong name and the contact phone number was transposed. That is when I started asking questions. They informed me that it was their error and they would update our information. At that same time I was told that our couch would be in their store the week of June 22nd.The following week I then called to check the status again. This was my first contact with Ricky (the store manager). He told me that it was his first day at that location and to please go easy on him. I simply asked for an update on our couch. That is when he told me that I was given the wrong information about when the couch was to arrive. He told me that my couch was not even going into production until July 8th. I asked if there was a way to expedite the order? I was told no.On July 8th, I contacted Ricky to get an update and he told me that the couch was in production and it would be on a truck by the end of the week. I then called Tim in their customer service department to ask if there was anything they could do to expedite our order so we could get the couch in the time they had promised. He informed me that he was unable to do anything but provided me with the regional managers contact information.I contacted Mike Norris with their corporate headquarters and left a message on July 14th to discuss the situation with my couch. That same day I also contacted the store to find out the status of my couch and was told by Ricky that the couch was on a truck and was on its way to the store. I asked Ricky where the couch was coming from so I could get an approximate date of arrival. Ricky told me that the couch was coming from CA and he wasn't sure where. Another lie. With trying to reach Mike Norris I was having zero luck. I then contacted Tim in customer service again on July 15th to find out if he could provide me with more information. That is when he informed me that my couch was NOT on a truck and they were hoping to get it on the following day! Another lie!On July 16th, I was finally able to reach Mike Norris and I told him of the entire situation. He apologized to me and told me that my couch was on a truck and he would further investigate all of the issues. I NEVER heard back from him. I have left several messages since. On July 18th, Ricky contacted me at 10:30 AM and asked if I would like the couch on a same day delivery... I said ABSOLUTELY! He told me that the couch would be on the truck that was departing at 4:00 PM and that the driver would call one hour in advance. I was so excited. They were finally going to do something right. At 8:00 PM I had not heard from the delivery truck drivers so I contacted the store. That is when I was told my couch was NOT on the truck. The store manager at that time again apologized and said she would have Ricky call me first thing in the morning.The following morning I did not receive a call, but my other half did. The store had left a message telling us that our couch was not going to be delivered until we paid the final balance. We were pissed. Why had no one told us that prior? They had 6 1/2 weeks to get it. We were also told by our sales person on day of purchase that we did not have to pay in full and could pay the remainder of the balance at delivery! Another lie. I contacted Ricky and was infuriated! After many choice words with him, we were told that because we had chose to customize/special order for our couch we would not receive a refund. We ended up paying the remaining balance and was told again the couch would be there after 4:00 PM with an hour call ahead. At about 1:30 PM we received a call that our couch was 20-30 mins out. The delivery driver came to our home and dropped off our couch. Out of curiosity we asked if he had just picked up the couch. Turns out our couch was on the morning delivery truck the entire time. Another lie!From this experience, I will NEVER purchase thru the room store AGAIN and would highly suggest no one else do the same. If you are looking for a headache free company do not buy through them. Also, if you are looking for a company that won't feed you lies, do not go to them! Worst customer service ever!!!!!!!!!
1	One star, simply because you HAVE to give them one star. THREE months my couch has been broken, with a bad motor so the recliner is in FULL UPRIGHT POSITION in my living room.  Isn't that classy? Nothing like having company over. "Hey, Bill, why don't you have a seat in the fully extended couch recliner we have here? Oh - you noticed it when you slammed your shin into it earlier?"Yes - THREE MONTHS! Took a month to get a tech out. Then TWO MONTHS to get the part. THEN, they made an appointment to fix it FINALLY and then at 8am on a Sunday morning, we get a recording that our tech has been cancelled. We rearranged our whole weekend, and this.  If you want to spend months and months in frustration with a broken piece of furniture in your living room, offering you the joy of the daily reminder that you spent your money at the wrong place, your choice is easy! Enjoy the Room Store's Customer Service plan. Guaranteed to bring you anger and disdain for months at a time.So -sadly, my problem with The Room Store has not been resolved. They banned me from commenting on their Facebook page, and now my wife as well. They don't answer the phone when we call. All we want is for them to honor the extended warranty we paid for. They apparently have no desire to do so.I wouldn't buy anything from this store for any reason ever, ever again.  I will, however, shake my fist with disdain in their general direction whenever I see their crappy sign.
