1	I wish 1 star wasn't the lowest rating. The apartments themselves are well priced and nice enough on the inside. I lived at these apartments for two years and only had difficulty once Mark Taylor purchased the property. My issue is not with the apartments themselves. My issue lives with the leasing office and the maintenance staff. I'm not some disgruntled resident who lived here for two years. I paid all of my bills on time, kept a very clean, neat exterior (and interior), and followed the rules of the community.My husband has been a plumber for over 10 years and is very good at his job. He has worked in both industrial and residential work.  When considering if you should rent here or not it is best to ask yourself, "How many days do I want to waste trying to get a simple job completed correctly?" When we first moved in we had a plumbing issue. We, like many people, chose to rent as to not have to do home repairs. I  called the front desk to let them know that our toilet was having problems and told them specifically what part needed to be replaced. (and why) It took the maintenance staff 4 days to fix our toilet. I'm sure you're wondering why it took 4 days.Day 1: I was able to enjoy watching the repair men joyride on their golf card for the duration of the day from my balcony.Day 2: They actually show up as late as possible only to reveal that they don't have the part needed even though they were instructed the exact part required. They have to order the part.Day 3: They come install the part they ordered after inspecting your toilet. They have chosen to order an entirely wrong part but install it anyway even though there is nothing wrong with that piece.Day 4: You fix the part yourself because you have a life and a 10 minute repair is a lot easier than watching two morons try to fix your toilet.----------------------------------------On two separate occasions I had mysterious water damage which required immediate attention (as the lease contract stipulates) but the maintenance would take their leisurely time addressing those issues. I could have understood if they were busy; however, when asking the leasing office if they were booked solid and her response was "They haven't had any orders today. There shouldn't be any issue of them getting out there today." at around 10 a.m . They don't show for the next three days as Saturday the one who "knows what they are doing" is off, Sunday they don't work, and Monday they are having a maintenance meeting until 2 in the afternoon.  When someone does finally show up to repair your warped baseboard and check for water damage near your water outlets, please expect that they send someone who has no idea what they are doing. He removes the baseboard improperly, cuts the wood (after it is ordered for a few days) at the wrong length multiple times after first trying it with a hand saw, and then of course installs it upside down. When you notice the baseboard installed upside down you make them fix it  and then you notice the lead maintenance idiot ordered the wrong part so the hours you've spent glued to your house have been for not. You will have to set aside an hour or two another day for them to order the right part and to hopefully not install it upside down once again.----------------------------------------My point with expressing how long it takes to repair an item and how every repair is done incorrectly is just one problem with this community. The most shocking part of Shadow Hills at Lone Mountain has to do with how the staff is allowed to interact with residents.I have disc problems in my lower back and enjoyed sitting in the hot tub in order to relax , after all it is one attraction to renting an apartment instead of purchasing a home. If you've ever owned a pool and hot tub you know that hot tubs must maintain a certain temperature in order to be hygienic and safe. When said hot tub and pool are public pool the importance of chemicals, proper cleaning, and maintenance increase greatly. Before taking my nephew to school I stopped by the front office to pay my rent early I made mention to the leasing manager that the hot tub was filthy for the umptine time and that the temperature was not proper. The maintenance lead, Kyle, took it upon himself to call me ignorant, told me to shut up, berated me (all of this in front of his manager, mind you) and insisted that I follow him to the boiler room and to the pool side while it was raining outside. The manager said nothing to correct his conduct.  All of this was done in front of my 5 year old nephew who was living with me at the time.  There is just so much wrong with this apartment complex it isn't even funny, nor is it worth the rent. The nice neighborhood that we moved into transitioned into a place I'd never have rented in. Once Mark-Taylor took over this property everything changed. We had drug dealers for neighbors, multiple break in attempts, and maintenance staff who stalk children.
2	Should be renamed "Ghetto Hills".  When we first moved in, I was impressed, everything was quiet, abundant parking, etc.  Well the new wave of tenants brought their disrespectful children, loud music, late parties and trash which they left on their doorsteps for days on end.  And before anyone tries to play the "race card", I'm referring to neighbors of all ethnicities. My neighbor would beat his girlfriend, our other neighbor left trash outdoors for 3 days, outside facing the courtyard there are always a lot of youth throwing their footballs and have hit our patio door on more than one occasion and not usually the same kids.  And I'm tired of being asked for money every time I go to check our mail!  It's absurd.  So think twice about moving here, if you can.
1	I have lived in this area for 5 years and specifically Shadow Hills Apartment's for just over a year. There are many places in the immediate area that will give you more bang for your buck let alone a more professional staff to deal with.   I write this review because of my extreme dissatisfaction with this complex. Upon moving here there was an all-star team in the office in regards to leasing, management and maintenance. Just over 6 months ago there was an extreme shift in the staff and I have never experienced such a lack of compassion, lack of urgency, and general abrasiveness from a team in my life.   For one, on a general scale the quality of tenant's has decreased at an alarming rate. In the time that I've lived here in a top floor unit I have experienced a man that beat his wife multiple times, and have complained to the office to take action multiple times with a modest amount of action from them at best and a completely casual reaction. I have also lived above what can only clearly be described as a drug dealer's stash house, that reeked of weed, had violent arguments erupt at all times of the day, and drug deals at all times of the night. Besides my "high quality" neighbors, there is an unruly amount of middle school to high school kids that are clearly up to no good and basically terrorize the neighborhood. I'm not even comfortable letting my 5 and 2 year old go play in the courtyard even with supervision due to these children's lack of respect and common decency. The mob of children is another thing that the management does not take seriously.   There was formerly a top notch maintenance team that went way past the call of just doing their jobs that was attentive, responsible, and consistent. Now the maintenance team does as little as possible on a daily basis and seems to never have any appropriate response time to any issues.   When it comes to even dealing with any bit of business that you may have there is an 80% chance that you will be dealing with Yesenia the assistant manager. Not only does Yesenia have one of the most abrasive and aggressive attitudes I've ever come across, however it is also clear that she looks down upon tenants. The staff that is currently there takes a posture with all tenants as if they're are entering a knock down, drag out fight and leaves you feeling as if you're communicating with the principal of a school as opposed to actually doing adult business with a company. The leasing agents also have absolutely NO liberty to make any decision and you are wasting your time speaking with them in any regard other than getting packages, but barely even that.   This is the only bad experience I've ever been compelled to leave a Yelp review about, let alone a negative one. I originally came to this place because I had my eyes on it for years and was impressed by their consistent delightful presence and what appeared to be a pleasant place to live. I was even quite impressed, then all hell broke lose. I really would hate for any young couple, or family to have to experience what we have here so far. It is more than worth at this point to pay a $1200 broken lease fee than it would ever possibly be to stay here and waste any more time, energy, and money here. I really hope Mark Taylor actually reads the terrible reviews all around about this place and actually does something about it.
1	PLEASE PROTECT YOURSELF WHEN MAILING THESE PEOPLE MONEY FOR FIRST MONTHS RENTAL LEASE!!  MARK TAYLOR allows his staff to open up other employees mail even though it's addressed to a specific individual.  This is turn leaves them blaming each other when they steal your money and won't let you move in.  Not to mention they keep your holding fee and admin fee without returning it, after they claim they lost your first months rent and leave you homeless.  Corporate office refuses to do anything about your lost or stolen money then ignores your phone calls.  Shadow Hills requires first months rent to be sent in with your signed paperwork including account numbers for Energy & Gas.  So please ask that you pay your first months rent on line through a reputable company.So now I'm out a $1000.00, fees to trace money order, Hook-up fees for GAS & ELECTRIC and homeless, while I wait for money order to send refund.   The staff is totally incompetent, rude, uncaring and down right robbing people!  Corporate tells you they lock up all money in a lock box at each site but yet there have been many times when we have walked right into the office and no one is in there and they pull out an unlocked zipper bag out of a drawer.  So be warned, any deposits for rent will be unsafe and they will claim you didn't pay your rent!I wouldn't even want to think about living here!  SCAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!THEIR NEW NAME SHOULD BE "SHADY HILLS"  NOT SHADOW HILLS!!
