5	Amazing staff, great adjustments, great information and top of the line cuttingedge healing, love the people and this place a MUST for you and your families health!
5	My friend has recommended Dr. Stephanie to me many times.  After a couple of weeks ignoring my lower back issues (consistently sore, not sleeping, etc) I woke up today and couldn't move at all.  After taking Aleve, rubbing some BioFreeze on it, I could get out of bed, but was mostly immobile.  I called and Dr. Stephanie wasn't in today, but Dr. Larsen could see me within an hour. I first was treated with the cold laser to reduce inflammation.  She then gently helped me onto the table and applied Traumeel cream to the area to help calm inflammation further.  The treatment she did was nothing like any chiropractor I've been to before!  She was incredibly gentle and was very aware of my pain.  I feel this is a place to go to heal.  I can't believe the relief I felt after one visit.  Thank you Dr. Larson!!!
5	Very happy with Dr Larson. She is very professional, friendly, and does not push you into more adjustments or a program like most chiropractors do. She spends as much time as she needs to with you. I've never felt like she rushed me through. Great location off of Cave Creek Rd and Tatum. Do your grocery shopping after your adjustment, as Fry's is right next door. I highly recommend Camrron, and will continue to go to her for a long time.
5	This is an easy low-stress chiropractic facility.  I'm not going to lie - I was a little dubious when I read some of other services they offer.  But Dr. Stephanie is great.  She spent considerably more time with me on the first appointment.  They do appointments and walk-ins.  And very reasonable for an adjustment!
5	Excellent care and service!Highly recommend this place and the staff!I have been coming here for 10 + years.
5	Had back pains for a couple of months and decided to look over Yelp reviews to see whats near me that was recommended. Dr. Stevanie Bahnerth was able to walk me through why pain my exist.  After leaving my pain was relieved and here 3 days later I am still feeling much better.  She is very personable and professional!
5	I have been to several chiropractor office over the years, and I can definitely say I am the happiest with Healthy Images!  Dr. Bahnerth has a wonderful way of treating patients - very thorough, explains things well, very patient, never pushy, takes time with you - I never feel rushed.  And best of all, she takes care of my headaches and back pain!  Did I mention she is not pushy?  Every other chiropractor office I have been to tried to get me on a treatment plan, called me regularly to come in, offered "deals", etc.  Dr. Bahnerth is just the opposite.  She will certainly give you recommendations for treatment, but will never hound you for additional visits, etc.  Once you've seen her, you really feel that she is more interested in helping her patients rather than how much money she is making.Dr. Bahnerth is also certified in pediatric chiropractic.  She treated my baby granddaughter, who had colic and she was so relaxed and soothing that the baby would relax as well.  It is obvious that she loves kids and is really good with them.  I always see a variety of people coming and going - parents with a newborn, kids, people in work-out clothes, business people after work, middle age and older people.They help file/coordinate your insurance (many chiropractors don't do this anymore).The office also has a massage therapist (Michelle Dearborn), an acupuncturist (Pamela Wake) and a naturopath (Dr. Cheryl Granger).  I have seen them all and highly recommend each one.  It is so nice to have all of these wonderful healers in one office!The office is clean, well organized, very friendly - a very positive and uplifting environment.   The staff remembers you, and everyone seems genuinely happy to see you.  Check them out - you won't be disappointed!
