5	I got an eye exam here because it is close to where I work downtown and they have appointments starting at 7:30 am so I could get in before work.  All the staff were friendly, efficient, and professional.  I showed up and 7:30am and they were ready for me, no waiting.  I saw Dr. Price and she did an very good job.  I wear contacts and have had to wear reading glasses in addition.  I discussed this with her and she gave me a couple of options.  She seemed to be very knowledgeable and professional.  The only negative with them and all optometrists is they charge and additional fee ($68) for a contact fitting exam.  I have been wearing contacts for 30 years and find this a rip off junk fee.  But, every place I've been does it.  I was out the door by 8 am.  If you need a good optometrist then check them out.
5	I had a great experience here. All the staff was friendly and Dr. Price was fantastic! When it came time to get new glasses and contacts, Jill was wonderful to work with, too! She helped me stay in budget and searched for every discount I could get with my insurance and current offers through manufacter rebates. I've been in Charlotte 14 years and this is the best place I've found for my eye care, and trust me, I've made the rounds!
4	Spectrum is consistently about their business!  Eye/contact exam plus dilation....in and out in 30 minutes....unheard of.  The frames are nice but the markup is just insane.  Quick quality service rules st Spectrum, thank you Dr. Price!
5	I love Dr. W (his name is long and confusing to spell... let alone say) and this location (downtown in the BBandT building next to the Caribou- bonus!).  He is very patient and thorough and just a really nice guy.  His staff was super helpful in helping me pick out glasses and training me on how to put in and remove contacts (which was awful but not their fault).  They also filed everything with my insurance company, which is great.I also love that they call and email to remind of upcoming appointments.  I really appreciate this service.They also have a location on Colony Rd., near the Lodge.I am a person who hates going to any type of doctor.  They really make this a nice experience.
5	A great visit and Very educational for me, after 30 years of wearing glasses, this doctor helped me to really understand the options available to me with today's technology
5	David Wichnoski is the best.  I woke up a few months ago with swollen eyes and since I don't wear contacts or glasses (and hadn't seen an eye Dr in many years) I was freaking out.  They squeezed me in when my original Dr refused to.  I have since been going to him for regular exams.  I highlyg recommend Spectrum Eye Care to anyone in the Charlotte area.  If you work downtown, it is very convenienntly located in the overstreet walkway.  It's also important to note that I have never waited even 2 minutes to be seen at Spectrum Eye Care.
5	I have been going to Spectrum Eye Care for a few years now and I have always had a good experience. I love that they are able to fit me in for appointments on short notice and the staff is always very pleasant and helpful.
5	Best place to go, uptown, for all of your eye care needs. Great docs and staff. Highly recommend.
5	Thanks to Yelp, I have found my new eye doctor. I only had to wait a couple minutes and was done in under an hour. Doctor Osborne was great; she provided valuable insight throughout the exam. Convenient location for anyone living or working in uptown. Prices were on par with my previous provider and they gave me a rebate form for my contacts.
5	Fast, professional,friendly service. I needed to be in and out on a schedule hectic day and they did just that. This will be my eye contacts place moving forward. They also validate parking. No issues all around.
5	I recently visited this eye doctor after moving to the area, and had a great experience. I saw Megan Price Osborne and she was super friendly and thorough. They offered convenient appointment hours for me to stop in over my lunch hour. I had to go back to work right after so I couldn't have my eyes dilated, they said to come back whenever I had time for it, so I did and it was fast and easy. The staff has been friendly and helped me fit my glasses on several occasions, even though I hadn't purchased them there. I would definitely recommend this place from my experiences so far.
5	So, I read numerous reviews on different eye care centers in the Charlotte area before finally deciding on one. I saw that Spectrum Eye Care center in uptown Charlotte had the highest rating. I decided to try them out and the reason they're so highly recommended was made clear! Their staff was very friendly, professional, fun, cheerful, and eager to help me. Dr. Osborne was fun, friendly, helpful, thorough, professional, and very very smart with regard to her chosen profession! This will be my eye care service provider for as long as I choose to stay in Charlotte!So far, they've won my business! Keep it up and Thank You so much for being awesome, Spectrum Eye Care team! =)
5	Spectrum Eye Care is a great establishment for those of us who wear glasses.  The doctors are great, the staff is very professional and they carry Silhouettes.  I've always had a great experience and they usually deliver more than promised (fast preparation of glasses, convenient fittings and good office hours).
5	Much like the others that have reivewed this location and business I agree regarding their superb customer care and overall handling of my appointment.  There was no wait regarding my eye exam.  I was brought back within 5 minutes and once into the room it might have been 1-2 minutes before the optometrist showed up to begin my glasses and contact fitting exam.Once out of the room and back into the actual showroom I was greeted by the nice young lady out front (I think her name was Jackie).  She was more than helpful by way of using her knowledge of my healthcare eye plan to give me my best option regarding the purchases I wanted to make that day.Literally one of the best eye exams and overall sales experience I've ever had.
5	I recently went for a general optometry appointment and found Dr. Price very nice and knowledgable. The staff there are very friendly and helpful as well!
5	Wonderful experience!! Staff was very nice, was flexible with scheduling, and explained exam during each step. I would definitely recommend visiting them to friends and family!
