1	Second visit in two weeks. Both were definitely NOT satisfactory. First visit one dinner was wrong and arrived MUCH later than other dinners. Since it was a new restaurant we overlooked this. Tonight EVERYTHING was wrong!First the wine which we ordered was no longer available after a long wait.Next , one dinner was not available.Finally , when three of four dinners were served ONE was completely wrong  and a ridiculous  excuse was made for the absence of the fourth dinner. The other two dinners were finally served probably 15 minutes after first two.Waiter made an excuse and blamed himself.We will NEVEr return. People in charge made no attempt to apologize for lack of service etc.Sorry but I give the restaurant a definite  "thumbs down" and foresee its demise in the near future for lack of customer attention.II would gladly speak to the managers and plan to stop by tomorrow
5	I can't say enough good things about my first experience here last night. They have a menu unlike any I've experienced.  Service was great also. Never had to wait too long for any of the food we ordered. In fact, they timed it perfectly. My dad and I ordered the hummus plate for an app. YUM. They make their own and also bake their own pita bread. The plate comes with grilled artichoke, tzatziki (amazing), a diced kalamata olive spread and sliced zucchini. We then ordered the beat salad which was great. I can't remember the name of the entree that I ordered but it was incredible. I'm posting a picture of it. What I do know is that it was a white fish infused w/ (?) coconut milk. 'Nuff said. My dad had the Red chicken dish which was reminiscent of a Mediterranean dish.  So good. Their wine list in extensive and they have a sushi bar/ bar area with TV's if you want to catch  a game while you eat. You won't be disappointing if you come here. If you are, then you must be a communist.
3	Excellent presentation.Nice decor (unchanged from painted pony)Calamari appetizer so so.Good service.
1	Ambience is amazing and the owners, Robert and Linda are wonderful people.  As far as the service it could have been more efficient but the food was good although I could taste that it was not home made.  As a culinarian it is obvious when a restaurant uses a tremendous amount of canned product and artificial ingredients.  With that being said, for the over 60 year old clientele that they are providing for, it must be a hit.  I hope that the rest of the local community that has a palate for REAL food won't have a problem eating good food made with artificial ingredients.
5	A great addition to Scottsdale dining. Had a wonderful dinner last night and most importantly we could actually hear each other, a rare commodity these days in new restaurants. It is very comfortable as the tables are not jammed in against each other.All four people (and despite what B.L. says, we are all foodies) really enjoyed our meals: NE Clam Chowder, Fish Stew (not exactly traditional), Jambalaya and an excellent Pork Chop.
5	Excellent food and superior service. I. brought 2 guests in with me for dinner Sunday night and had a fantastic time. The food and beverage menus are quite extensive and very unique. Our server (josh) was veery attentive and did an excellent job of educating us on the menu and recommending some great dishes. everything we ordered was timed perfectly and the wine service was top notch. the decor is very clean and comfortable and the kitchen does an awesome job with the food. kudos to the owners. we will be back!
2	We were regular denizens of Carefree Station and were unhappy when it closed up at Spanish Village.  We watched carefully when Scottsdale Station opened  T-giving weekend and figured we'd give it some time to "find it's legs".  It's not fair to judge a restaurant when it's just opened and working out the kinks.  I figured six weeks is enough.Experience: well, you remember how you finally get a date with your biggest crush of all times and then it falls flat because he eats like a pig and talked non-stop about himself and his Mom?  Yeah.Ambiance:  Hasn't the charm and coziness and quirkiness of Carefree Station, but it's a beautiful place.  It's just very Scottsdale---kind of urban and elegant and poised.  Although I do wonder how they are going to keep those neat little chain-draped chandeliers from collecting copious amounts of dust as time goes by.  At least they aren't really over any tables.  Speaking of which, the tables are nicely arranged so that you do enjoy some privacy and you can talk to your dining companions.Menu: My heart thrilled!  It was--as best I recall---the old CS menu!  All my faves were on it!  Service: we'll discuss that later.So DH and I order glasses of wine and immediately requested our beloved sushi nachos at the same time.  We LOVE the sushi nachos!  We ordered the roasted beet salad and the spinach salad (btw---Pt Reyes blue cheese is exceptional!) and then DH and I decided to try items we had never had before----usually he gets the Steak Diablo and I love the Shrimp Habanero---so he ordered the Pollo Fundido and I ordered the Korean Shortribs.First of all---the Quality of Food was Excellent as ever.  DH's Pollo Fundido was fabuloso!  OMG, if I were ever to return, I would consider ordering that dish for sure!  Tender chicken, incredible pastry, delicious sauce.  Wow!  DH would only share one bite!My Korean Shortribs.  Hmmm.  Well, what came out was on a bed of something tasty and pureed---it was not the miso-mashed potato eggroll the menu promised and there was the merest WHISPER of Asian flavor.  The Asian veggie mix was good.  But it wasn't what I expected---which was a rich mahogany glaze with a bit of sweet and a touch of spice---not necessarily heat.  And you would have to invite me into the kitchen and let me observe the dish being made, because I do NOT believe those were shortribs---at least nothing like any I had.  Basically, it tasted and looked like Yankee pot roast.  A really GOOD pot roast, but pot roast.  I know, because I make pot roast maybe once a month.  This was a hunk of chuck, imho, not shortribs.  But it was good!  But not what I expected or wanted.  Should have stuck with the Shrimp or the Whole Enchilada or the Steak Tampaquena.I took a couple of bites and then we flagged down our server (Tammy) and I asked her if this was the right dish and she said it was.  She said they were out of the miso-mashed potato eggroll because they make them fresh every morning and they had run out so they subbed..  Ummm....we sat down to dinner at 6 pm when the restaurant was half full----sounds unlikely to me.  Plus, shouldn't you tell the diner when making a substitution?We never got our sushi nachos.  We realized it wasn't happening when our salads came out.  No nachos.  Then the entrees.  But they were on the bill.  So we told her and she said almost accusingly: well, why didn't you say so?  1) It's not our job to manage the tables; 2) pet peeve: the serving of food out of order and not properly paced.  Also, Tammy, you never came back to the table unless DH waved you down, like when we asked about my dish or he wanted a 2nd glass of wine.  When she brought our bill, she blamed the kitchen and the runners.  Actually, everything that went wrong with the service was someone else's fault, never her's.   I can overlook having too many tables to properly serve, or incompetence, but I have an issue with not being accountable.  Anyhow, I think DH was aggravated enough with her performance he didn't leave her a tip or a very small one---I didn't ask.  He doesn't verbalize like I do---he notes his unhappiness financially.We got out to the car and we were laughing: OMg---what just happened?  Maybe they are still working things out---I don't know.  I saw Robert and Linda working their tails off, as usual---but sadly, it comes down to it's only good as the people they have working for them.  And there are a lot of restaurants in Scottsdale...  I keep saying I am looking for a place we could love like Carefree Station---I don't think Scottsdale Station is it!  Not a great experience.
2	While the food was good, service was still slow.  We waited for more than 10 minutes to be created - I got up and got a manager.  Even after that another manager brought us out our food.  I think a server assistant refilled our waters and eventually a server brought us our bill.  While teamwork makes the dream work - I am pretty sure that knowing at least someone's name and engaging in some kind of conversation is the ante in to a full service restaurant.
2	Disappointing.  A birthday lunch for four.  First time here.  Monday, 11:40 first diners arriving.  Ladies bathroom, trash full, empty seat liner container.  That was a hint of rest to come.  The good:  food was tasty and good.  Server was very nice.  Patio pretty.  The bad.  None of the food was hot.  Soup, monte cristo sandwich, and sweet potato fries.  Just warm.  Took a long time coming.  Most troubling.  The manager wandering around asking patrons how things were.  We politely said food was not served hot, but tasty.  He said something like, Oh, I wonder how that happened.  Hmmmm.  Then he left.  Not once did he say, I'm sorry.  Or, I'll talk to the kitchen or server, or I'll see if I can identify the problem.  I have worked most my life in the service industry.  The very first thing I learned was to say, I'm sorry.  Let me take care of that, or what can I do for you, or thank you for bringing this to my attention so I can get to the cause of the problem.  The restaurant is huge.  If they don't do a better job and treat people like they care if they had a good experience, I don't see them succeeding.  I loved their menu and location and will be back by myself for another try.  I truly hope things change.
5	YAY!  I was so sad when the Spotted Donkey closed, it was my favorite patio near work for lunch.  And I love the Prescott Station, but Prescott is so far away.  So then...dreams came true when they opened a Scottsdale Station in the old Spotted Donkey!  Two great patios, extensive menu, very fresh ingredients.  Delish!
5	We went to Scottsdale Station with friends and enjoyed a terrific dinner. All four dishes were beautifully presented and delicious, and each of us was very happy with the meal. Dessert was just as good with the very nice option of smaller size versions of each offering. The server was very attentive and polite and the overall decor and feel of the restaurant is first class. I'm very happy to have this new restaurant in the neighborhood and I'm sure it'll be on our regular list.
1	We just moved to the neighborhood and were sad to see that the Spotted Donkey was gone. Noticed that Scottsdale Station moved in and stopped by last night to try it.  We got there at 6. Restaurant wasn't busy at all. Not a good sign because everything else in the shopping center had a long wait. Servers were just standing around socializing. We were kind of greeted by a guy when we walked in. No smile. We asked if could sit on the patio. We sat ourselves. There was one group on the patio having drinks. We sat out on the patio for 10 mins and no one even brought us water. A server looked at my husband a few times. Never once did he smile or say I will be there in a few.  I worked in restaurants through high school and college. It's really simple... just acknowledge your guests. Finally we got up and left.  We walk back out to the front of the restaurant and there were still 3 or 4 servers just standing at the front of the restaurant. What a joke. The location is great and the restaurant could be cool.  We won't be back.  First impression was horrible. The lighting is way too bright. It feels like a cafeteria. There was also a strong odd smell out on the patio.   It's too bad. We love to go out for dinner and live within walking distance. If you are in the area stick with Zipps or Grassroots for dinner/drinks.  If you want breakfast hit Butter's.
2	First time awesome.  Second time two weeks later not so good. Out of wine and changed the short ribs in a bad way.  We will go to grass roots next time.  Bummer had high hopes.
5	We were so happy to see a new restaurant close to home. We went 1st for lunch and then lunch a week later. Both times we loved the food. We thought it was interesting and different than the regular menu you find everywhere.  I'm a vegetarian and the waiter the 2nd visit was great and very helpful on recommending options for me. We'll be new regulars.
1	I have never waited so long for a hummus plate. This is my second time here and it's the last. The service is so slow. Dinner took 2 hours - which is ridiculous when you are hungry. Appetizer took over 20 minutes to arrive and our entrees didn't come out for another hour. We ordered a kids meal for our 18month old and they literally brought out krafts Mac and cheese. Gross.Overpriced food. Atmosphere is off and the menu is confused. Dinner for 2 and a half cost us over $100 and it was so slow and not fantastic. Disappointed.
1	Awful service, waited forever to be offered  a drink. When the the drinks finally came they were wrong.  Food was ok, however overpriced. Ambiance  is cavernous and confusing. Too many restaurants in Scottsdale with better service.
4	My dinner was very good.It was presented well.Our server and the staff were friendly and accomodating.We will definitely return.I will recommend Scottsdale Station to others.
4	Patio is pet friendly. Excellent staff. Everyone super nice. Food is excellent but a tad pricy but good sized portions. We had the brunch and it came with bottomless champagne. Excellent service. I would recommend them and will definitely be back.
3	I stopped in for lunch yesterday.  Brock was my server, he did a good job.  No complaints there.I ordered the Beet salad and a cup of the chicken tortilla soup.  Both were delicious.  I would definitely stop in again and try some dinner.
5	Food is very creative.  Service is spotty, but better this time than last.  Drink list is expansive and wine list to match.  They have a Happy Hour white wine (Chardonnay) that is quite good!!  I have been here three times, since I live close by, and it keeps getting better!!
5	Tonight I had the absolute pleasure of dining at Scottsdale Station. I am humbled to say that this was one of the most amazing and fulfilling dining experiences I have ever had. The food was cooked to perfection and the servers were excited and delighted to bring me every single joy I ordered. My biggest compliment is to the beauteous owner, Linda. She took the time out of her clearly busy evening to ask me about my experience and ensure i had everything I needed. If you don't come here you're palate is experiencing extreme neglect.
2	Be prepared, this is NOT bar food, nor, inexpensive...this is a fairly high end menu. No burgers here...
4	Glad to see they have arrived in Scottsdale but always a fan of the Carefree location. Prime rib and steaks delicious and the chili relleno's excellent.  Service was great and the ambiance such that you can actually hear what your friends are saying. The menu is a bit all over for selections and should focus on one genre or the other but all in all, good!
2	I am really not sure what they are trying to do here. The whole theme is off. The sign has horses pulling a stagecoach and you walk in and there is an enormous bar but the whole place has just a bland feeling to it. Then to the confusing menu. It's a mix of sushi/ Japanese food with Mexican sort of? The food was bland too and overpriced. I had some sort of roll that had cooked chicken in it that had no taste.  For some reason it took forever to come out. The prices are too high for what they offer. Drinks are expensive too. The bartenders are great though. Think they need a makeover all around.
4	I almost didn't come to this restaurant based on the Yelp reviews, but I did and it was good.  The menu is, indeed, very creative and the food was quite tasty.  Most importantly, the service, which I had expected to be bad based on reviews, was great.  The waiter was quite attentive.  I would definitely return to this restaurant.
3	Went for the happy hour.  Drinks were reasonable and service was excellent.  I had read a bunch of reviews and was a little worried. Friends had a gift card so they wanted to try it.  Really glad that we went.Interesting menu with mexican food and sushi.  Tried some of both and was pleasantly surprised.
5	OMG great food!! My ribs, soup and Mac & cheese were all DELICIOUS! And I love that they use neckbones to cook with...that's a plus in my book! I've only been here once but I really enjoyed it and will be returning soon!!
4	Were disappointed when Carefree Station closed. However very happy to find the same owners operating Scottsdale Station. We ate there Thursday night and were extremely pleased with the service and the food. The Seabass was prepared to perfection. The portion size was just right, and it was not overly burdened with sauces. Just clean high-quality food. They were very accommodating to one of the members of our party who is gluten-free, and she truly enjoyed the pad Thai. I wouldn't hesitate to give this restaurant a strong positive recommendation, and I wish them good luck.
1	Not crowded at all yet food took forever. Then both of our meals came cold.  Then took another long wait to get reheated. My mom's soup cane back second time looking bizarrely different in consistency. Server was nice but obviously the chefs are lacking. Mashed potatoes Marguerite thing is a bit scary.  The salad was limp and dressings are nothing to write home about. The Southwest vinaigrette  is disgusting with a fake mesquite smokey taste.  It's a beautiful restaurant - perhaps have a have drink there but wouldn't recommend eating there.
1	When we got there the place was empty and the first thing the receptionist asks is if we have a reservation.  Really?  2 hour wait for our food and they seated us in the lounge. I guess we just didn't meet there high standards. Anyone else who wants to go there better impress the staff to start if they expect a nice evening.
5	I have dined there when this establishment was called Carefree Station, located in Carefree AZ.  My favourite includes Seared Wedge Salad, Moroccan Chicken, followed by their sumptuous home-made chocolate ice cream.The foods are consistent, the service is impeccable, and the price versus value is excellent.
2	This place is just not good....  Atmosphere is off, the service is sparse, and the menu is a total mystery....  They have an okay bar which i could see myself grabbing a drink at but that would be it...  Check out grassroots next door.  Better menu, space, and service.
2	I came with a large group (about 20) that was scheduled with the restaurant several weeks in advance. The guests were divided between two main waiters (and several aids), so roughly 10 people each.I ordered a "Brunch Burger" medium rare with breakfast potatoes, but was served a well done burger with potato chips. The wait staff never stopped by to see if we were happy. After our orders were served, they were scarce. In fact, we were there for several hours and my water was only refilled once. They were bringing checks one at a time, as well, and only apparently when we explicitly asked.When staff did stop by, they were gracious and on the ball. But, service was quite slow and my burger was way overcooked. For the price and professional appearances of this place, I expected far better.
5	Scottsdale station has become my favorite place to dine. Their menu is quite large and I have tried quite a bit on it and never had anything I did not like. The steak blue diablo has to be my favorite meal. Sunday brunch is also great! The possibilities are endless, from the extensive drink menu to global cuisine you cannot go wrong. Tammie has been my waitress several times and she is great! My husband and I have become one of her regulars and have enjoyed every minute of it!
3	I used to love Sunday brunch at Carefree Station.  Our standing reservation in Karen's section was the highlight of the week.  She was so attentive!  We didn't have to order anymore, she always remembered what we liked, and our drinks never reached the halfway mark.  Needless to say I was pretty sad when they closed so suddenly.In came Scottsdale Station and I was so excited, only to be very quickly disappointed.  The food is still good (the only reason for 3 stars), but the service went down the drain.  I thought they might get better with time, but they've only gotten worse.  Simply getting our drinks has taken over 30 minutes sometimes, and that's when they're not even that busy!  And make that drink last, because you can forget about someone coming to refill your glass.  When the meal is done, get ready to wait, and wait, and wait for the check.  I would never "dine-&-dash", but the thought that they may not want my money has crossed my mind.  Quite sad because it's a very nice space.
4	Live just up the street from this restaurant and figured we had to try it.  We were pleasantly surprised.  We went at brunch on Sunday, not realizing we wouldn't have the regular lunch menu.  Husband had a hearty omelet that he really liked and their roasted potatoes served with it were heavenly!  I had a burger and they didn't scoff at my ordering a plain hamburger, with no bun (have to be gluten free).  It was very tasty.  We'll go back for the regular lunch menu next.  Service was great - from the person providing water refills to the server!
5	I first came across this place in Prescott at their sister restaurant Prescott Station last year. I absolutely loved the food and took my folks up there a couple of months ago. When I found out they were opening a location is Scottsdale I was so excited!! We had brunch there today and again was blown away! The menu is so unique it's hard to decide what to get. Our server, Jonathon, was friendly, attentive and had a great sense of humor. He gave us recommendations and they were spot on. I have been to a lot of restaurants in Scottsdale and this is by far my favorite. This will definitely be a regular spot for me. And for you dessert lovers: They have mini versions of their desserts so you can try them all...I highly recommend doing just that....and make the Dessert Nachitos one of them!
5	Great vast menu and fantastic food!!  I ordered the fit and trim Salmon which was amazing!!  It came with a cauliflower faux risotto & grilled veggies which was out of sight!!  Our server Patrick was awesome!!!!  Great personality and took good care of us!  I will definitely be back!!  PS - If you are in a rush make sure you visit when you have the time because the food doesn't come out quick but it's worth the wait :)
5	Great food and drink with excellent service.  Had half price drinks!!!  Tasty appetizers,  large main courses and fabulous cheese cake for desert. Menu has huge selection and variety.  We will be back for sure!
5	Absolutely great food.  The bartender Jamie is very friendly.  Highly recommended.
1	Mother's Day Bust.  After making a reservatoin a week in advance, we were seated at the East outside patio.   After getting our drinks, we were told that is was too windy and the unbrella had to be taken down - very sunny day.  I explanied that I had made the reservation a week in advance and could we at least get the alternate paio or worst senario, a table or booth in the main restaurant area. "Sorry we are full" - great answer. We are finally seated in the bar area in the "high chairs" across from the busy bar station. Half way through my meal, I had to ask another server for condiments that never arrived from our original serval.  Very tacky the way it all handled and not the Mother's Day I wanted for my wife.   As we left the restaurant, I observed open tables at the alternate patio.  Business must obvisouly be very good if you don't care about repeat business.   I wont be back.-Mike in Scottsdale
1	I think its closed now.
3	Scottsdale Station on Hayden is closed according to the sign on their door.
5	Awesome brunch. Champagne included. And our waitress Tammie was awesome and very attentive. When we were here they only had brunch on Sunday (fyi). The waitress said they were going to think about adding it in Saturday as well. This place was pretty empty when we were here though (like shoot a canon through type of empty).
4	REALLY BUMMED YOU CLOSED!!!!!!That was really a short stent... Are you going to re-open? Or are you out?
