2	I experienced the same - they give you a scary option that if the car is even scratched, you have to pay some 800GBP excess, but if you pay 18GBP / day super cover the excess will be paid by the company. With this condition, and after all the pre-booking, you have no option to accept and discovering that the cheapest quote on the net became the most expensive in real life. My 4 day car rental became 200GBP (50 a day!) apart the fuel.  I drove carefully a nothing happened. If you risk and do not opt for the 18/day super cover, double check very very carefully for any scratches and small indentations on the car. The car given was a nice Audi and was very glad about hence the 2-star.
3	This Hertz is located a few feet from the airport terminal.  Just a few things to know for those people traveling from the US. They drive on the Left side of the road here.  They say it is due to the fact that during the days of the knights they would pass each other on the left side and touch joists on the right.  So they kept up the tradition. Also please note that the steering wheel is on the right side of the car and the gear shift is still in the center thus you will have to shift with your left hand.  They do offer a few Automatic cars.  DO ASK!  The one less thing you have to remember while barreling down the opposite side of the road and navigating strange crowded streets the better.The staff here were actually friendly, but slow.I am giving them a 3 star because we rented the car in our vacation package, but ended up paying alot more due to extras.  Then on the return of the car we had a very rude staff worker. Driving here is scary for US folks. lol
1	I rented a car from this branch a few weeks ago.  After driving only 50 miles, one of the tires blew.  Luckily, we were safe, but wasted half a day on the side of the road in the middle of nowhere.  Upon reaching a mechanic, the inspection of the car showed that three of the four tires (including the one that blew) were in "POOR CONDITION."  Two of the tires were found to have large bulges, one of which had caused the critical blow out.  We wasted half of the second day of our vacation siting at the mechanics shop.  Hertz severely misrepresented the state and safety of the tires on the car on the paperwork, which they provided us at the time of rental.  Furthermore, the manger at the local Edinburgh Airport office repeatedly claimed that the tires were technically "street legal," disregarding the bulges, which ultimately caused one of the tires to blow.  To date, Hertz Corporate has yet to respond to our emails and calls about this incident, despite presenting them with the Hertz's own mechanics report.  This car rental was incredibly dangerous and could have resulted in serious injury.
2	Beware of "late" rental charge when you return your car before the branch opens  Returned rental on a Sunday before the Hertz desk opened by dropping key off in designated box (no one was available before then). Boarded my plane at 8:40 am. Invoice indicated I returned the car after 10am. Hertz then charged me an additional day's rental. UPDATE: After corresponding with Hertz, they refunded the extra day charge.
