3	With the recent closing of RE Tapas, this restaurant is the closest tapas bar in the area.  So the husband and I thought we'd give it a whirl.No sangria with my tapas?  They did tell us beforehand that they weren't getting their liquor license until next week so we can forgive them.We ordered: - Barcelona's Fries.  It was delicious with a good sauce.  Worth your money for $4.50.- Stuffed Mushrooms.  Pretty good and wanted more.  Shitake mushrooms stuffed with chicken & chorizo and parmesan cheese.- Surf and Turf.  Thought it wasn't worth the money for $10.- Empanadas.  Choice of chicken or pork.  We got the pork and it was delicious with a chipotle aioli sauce.  My only beef was don't put empanada(s) as plural and just cut one in half.- Sliders.  These were overcooked and charred.  I would've complained but I'm not one to ever send a dish back.All in all, an okay dining experience.  I left feeling underwhelmed and wishing I had to gone to Firefly instead.  Maybe next time they'll win me over with some excellent sangria.
5	Been waiting to go to Barcelona's since it opened a couple months ago.  We have been to numerous tapas restaurants and our expectations were high.  This did not disappoint! Sangria's were fantastic!Food was melt in your mouth good!Service was over the top!And atmosphere was quiet, and warm.Our waiter really took care of us and brought us things we would have never tried on our own.  Overall an A+ experience!  So lucky to have such a quality high end tapas place near by.
5	Ive been coming to Barcelona Tapas & Bar since it opened(before they got their liquor licence). I'm glad i stumbled upon this little gem. I always get either the beef carpaccio or the tuna to start then i move my way up to the fillet Mignon MMMmmMMM and of course the capers MMMmMM their sangria is BOMB! They have all types of specials depending on the day of the week. I am def a regular here!
5	Wow this place is excellent!!!!The food is OUTSTANDING!!!!That petit filet.....i'll just say order two and for $16 bucs you've eaten Ruths Chris filet mignon!!!!Keep in mind it is an "Tapas" restaurant,so food is served in small portions (apetizers).Order as if your at a sushi bar and try different items!Prices are great and they even have half off happy hour on fridays 4-6pm on tapas!!!4 bucs for each item....SWEEEET
1	It was a lond day for me and i was so starving. So me and my friend wanted to go to Off The Strip, but when we walked by Barcelona, we decided to give it a try, and here we go. I was so so disapointed, why: 1: Sangria was so terrible, they use cheap red wine and i swear, i didnt taste anything at all, water is much better.2. Fries was so salty, really it was.3. Attitude of the server: i dont know was he a server or a manager, because he wore a different uniform from other servers. Still remember his name, Marco. Damn! When we were ordering, he just cut the conversation and went to get menus for other 2 coming guest without any apology . Then, He asked us to clean up the dirty dishes while we were still eating. Suddenly, he cleaned up all and just left the only dish which we were using. At least , he should leave some ultensil ! goshhh.....The way he communicated with guest was horrible too. I swear i would never ever come back even once more time.However, the lamb chop was OK but it was to thin, i think my lamb chops would fly away if i blow it up,Ribs was good. I like their pinapple sauce.Compare to Fire Fly, this place is way expensive and of course. my 2 thumbs are down for this place.
3	This place is over rated! $$ my boto! It should really be a $$$ to relate to the portions you get. I've been to tapas around the country and this one is not cheap and food is ok. However, it's one of only a few in Vegas so they have the market cornered.I rather go to Hawaiian BBQ which is a true $-$$. Probably only worth it during happy hour on Fridays.
5	I love this place! The food is unique and very tasty. I really loved their beef carpaccio with a hint of truffle oil. YUM! Everything I tasted was wonderful, the only thing that I didn't absolutely love was the empanadas - still good, but not my fav. I gave this place an extra star for Jose, the waiter. He was hilarious and very sweet. Locals: keep an eye out for coupons, 20% off your entire meal makes this place even better.
3	Returning from Spain only five months ago, we were craving tapas.  There aren't that many options for tapas in Las Vegas beyond the two Firefly locations.Barcelona Tapas and Bar gives us one other place to consider when you're craving small bites.Located in a busy strip mall where locals frequent, this restaurant had a few customers by the bar and dining when we walked in on a weekday night.I had a few things in mind immediately based on previous yelpers, so we got to ordering.  We munched on complimentary bread and spreads while we waited for our orders to arrive.* Beef Carpaccio "Thin sliced of tender tails drizzle with balsamic vinaigrette, truffle oil, tapenade, and fried onions" ($8) - I love beef carpaccio...when it's done right.  Yelpers raved about their version and sadly, we couldn't quite see why.  It's more like cured beef than raw beef, which is what we were expecting.  Not quite like beef jerky, but not delicate like what we're familiar with.  It was also covered with large shavings of cheese, which was not mentioned.   Not sure if this was to cover up the beef or enhance the taste.* Pastelillos de pollo (Chicken Cakes) "Chopped chicken, green and red onions, red pepper, chopped cilantro, black bean and corn salsa molded together and grilled served with gribiche." ($5.50) - Something a bit unusual that you don't see on every menu.  It's a bit misleading in its description since we were expecting all the ingredients to be 'molded together' to create a corn cake.  In actuality, the black bean and corn salsa are on the side of the corn cake.  Nonetheless, it was quite tasty with the accompanying egg sauce.  And it is only one corn cake.* Merguez Lamb Sausage "Served with couscous, and roasted pepper tomato sauce and a Merlot wine reduction sauce." ($7.50) - There was a distinctive lamb taste to it, and what I'm sure was some liver blended into the mixture.  The Husband isn't a fan of most livers so he was very aware of the funny taste to it.  Comes two in an order.* Pan Fried Dates "Pitted dates stuffed with almonds wrapped in bacon with merlot reduction and sprinkled with blue cheese crumbles." ($5.50) - Anything wrapped in bacon usually can't go wrong, and dates mix perfectly with bacon in this case too.  Comes five in an order.* Boquerones (White Anchovies) "Toasted French bread with a spicy aioli topped with sweet white anchovies and balsamic reduction sauce." ($5.50) - Anchovies were something we enjoyed everyday when we were in Spain, but we didn't know what took so long for this one order to come out.  The bread could have been toasted just a bit longer.  * Lomo a la parrilla (Petite Filet) "Mashed potato, mushroom and Merlot sauce." ($8.50) - Our final order, which we put in at the last minute.  It took a bit too long, and the waiter did come by to say it was coming out soon.  (It still took longer after that.  I can only assume that our order got stuck behind the larger parties that had come in after us.)  Another one of those dishes I ordered based on raving reviews, and sadly, it did disappoint.  We ordered it rare and although the center was pink, the outside was grilled a bit too long and thus hard.  We were impressed by how busy it got for a weekday night - and Barcelona Tapas & Bar does cater to families with plenty of large tables, high chairs, and a diaper changing station in the restroom.  Right now they are offering an introductory and temporary offer where kids eat free on Sundays through Tuesdays from 4 pm to 8 pm, for those 10 and under only and with a purchase of an adult entree.Service was okay - we asked our waitress for another set of silverware and she completely forgot about it.  (Immediately after we asked her, she went to sit a  party that arrived and never came back.)  We also had to ask for our beverages to be refilled.  The man who sat us did ask us how we had heard about them.  We also noticed the chef come by our table four different times to look at what we were eating, but never actually said anything to us.  Specials include:Mondays: Half off bottles of wine.Tuesdays: Half off their homemade Sangria.Wednesdays: Half off Martinis.Thursdays: Half off Mojitos.Fridays: Half off all their tapas from 4 pm to 6 pmSaturdays: Ladies Night with Half off all House drinks, wines and beer from 10 pm to 12 am.  Live music.Karaoke everyday (except Fridays and Saturdays) and tapas are half off after 10 pm.According to their website, they are open for lunch now - but their opening hours are still posted as opening at 4 pm.There are coupons everywhere for them - restaurant.com, local newspaper, and online.
4	Me and my hubby have been here a few times and we haven't been disappointed.  The steamed clams are my favorite!  Remember to order extra bread in order to soak up the sauce.  It's to die for!
5	Was told by friends to try Barcelona Tapas & Bar and I owe them one.  Matt was are server and I just said to him bring us what you do well and the treats just kept coming.  Stuffed dates are amazing.  Go and enjoy.
4	A great tapas bar with many menu choices. I actually went down to Southern Highlands for Uncle Al's hot dogs, but to my dismay, the place was closed. Not sure if Closed down or closed, but I didn't see any food in the place (ketchup, mustard, etc).So, I ended up at Barcelona. Let me tell you, I was pleasantly surprised with the food, service and "drank." Let's break this down into categories. Food:Pan Fried Dates - Excellent and highly recommended. For those that have been to Firefly's, they are essentially the same. Bacon wrapped dates, with Blue Cheese. Sliders - Sliders come as 2 mini burgers and are just fine. Of course, I always say you can't ruin a burger that much when they are so simple. Abodingos (sp?) AKA Meatballs - Tasty little guys come in a marinara like sauce with lots of cheese. Empanadas - There are two types to choose from. I had the chicken, but the alternative is Pork. Chicken was chosen because my friend doesn't eat pork. However, the chicken empanadas were excellent.Fruit Parfait - The parfait was sweet and tasty. Raspberry, Strawberry and blueberries, with whip cream and a sweet yogurt like mixture. Sangria - Thursday night is 1/2 off Sangria night. This means it's $3 per glass. Not too shabby and a good sized glass too. Atmosphere:I have mixed feelings on the atmosphere. Walls were great, but the tables were a bit small for me and I am only 6'2". My knees hit the top of the tables. However, there were booths that looked like they had more room. It was a Lakers game night so it was rowdy because we were the only Lakers fans in the place. Every else was for Boston. :-( Service:Food was fast, and service was excellent. It was more personal then most places. Waiter recommended, talked about the game, chit chatted and more.  Pan frie dates. Sliders. Meatballs. Parfait for dessert. Empanadas. Full bar, somewhat interesting atmosphere.
3	Tried to find this place for half an hour!  Even after entering the address into the GPS, we were still lost.  After taking several different routes, we eventually arrived and sat down to enjoy the following items:Sangria, ravioli, meatballs, shrimp skewers, beef skewers and garlic shrimp. Everything was decent.  The owner and waitress returned repeatedly to see if we had enough food.  They were about to close but didn't rush us and made sure we had a pleasurable dining experience.
5	Attended the World Cup finals at Barcelona Tapas & Bar on Sunday and had a BLAST!  They offered their full menu, which is extensive.  We had both the red and white sangria and both were the best I've tasted yet.  Not too sweet and  very refreshing.We were a table of 10 and just kept ordering & sharing.  The lamb sausage was soooo good and surprisingly spicy; potatas bravas (sp?) were very nice with a oregano and a hint of mint; pan-fried dates were such a party in my mouth - they were wrapped in bacon & topped with a bit of blue cheese; both the chicken and pork empanadas we cooked beautifully but I have to admit I preferred the pork; sauteed mushrooms were very flavorful and again cooked perfectly; the shrimp skewers had a tasty but not too spicy seasoning; and I wanted to keep slurping the steamed mussels broth!  We finished everything off with bananas foster and I was again very pleased with the balance of flavors.I was very impressed with the quality of the food, especially considering they were literally packed wall-to-wall with futbal fans (go Spain!).  Service was very good - I don't how they kept up! The layers of flavors were balanced nicely and the seasonings perfectly complemented each dish without overpowering it.  I was also impressed that they didn't over salt their dishes so the true flavors came out.Bravo Barcelona!  We'll see you again I'm sure :-)
4	There's something about Tapas... I can't get over it. I decided to give my fave Firefly a break and give Barcelona a try. I came in with low expectations thinking that nothing could ever come close to Firefly's amazing-ness... haha but I was wrong! This place did not disappoint at all. There was no wait, the waiters were extremely friendly, and the food was delicious. When we went, it was pretty quiet, laid back...not really any music playing or any large crowds getting their drank on haha.. Seems like a good Tapas bar for a spot to have an intimate date or small get together to catch up with your friends... There was some signs for half off ALL TAPAS on Sundays and Mondays from 8-10pm (such a BOMBBB deal)... and different types of drink/food deals every night. I don't really remember what they were exactly, but if you're a local DEFINITELY check it out! I'm sure this place can get crazyyy so I'm lookin forward to coming back during their speciallssssssssss. Recommendations: Shrimp a la Diabla- if you're into spicy, tangy sauce Bruschetta- different from the usual Italian basil flavored bruschetta... lots of olives, feta, tomato Surf and Turf- Skewer combo with steak, shrimp in a green sauce, and chorizo... comes with yummy mashed potatoes Go to their website for a coupon for 10% off! http://www.citycoups.com/barcelonatapasbarcoupon.html
4	We LOVE tapas, and we heard about this place.  Since My wife and I had a restaurant.com gift cert we decided to try it out. The food was great but the service lacked a bit. Here's the breakdown of our meal.Fried goat cheese--soooo yummy, the balsamic reduction was a great touchSliders w/ chipotle aioli and fries -- very flavorful, tender ground beef, well seasoned. The fries are amazing!!Eggplant canneloni -- my wife chose this because she loves eggplant. She says it was top notch--I liked it, but eggplant is simply not my cup of tea.Surf and turf -- 3 skewers of shrimp, steak and chorizo. We both really enjoyed this.House salad -- light and refreshing.And the best part of the experience??? The deep fried chocolate tres leches a la mode -- simply amazing.The food was five stars, but the service was a bit slow, and the initial greeting took awhile. Aside from that, we highly recommend Barcelona.
4	After looking at homes yesterday within the vicinity, we were starving. We initially wanted to go to "off the strip" but it was a 20 mins wait. The chef/owner was super nice there but we just couldn't wait...STARVING.  So we walked to Barcelona. First thing first, the brioches w 2types  of spread, spicy refried beans and the most insane butter spread. So flavorful!  Maybe because we were so hungry?  Nope, I tried it again after I was semi-full, and still at awe by it. Yum yum yum. Here are the things we ordered: -red sangria (yum and fruity, I was so peenk!!! Asian genes *_*)-clams (fresh and have lots of flavor, w chunks oh goat cheese)-Barcelona fries (ok, I like the firefly version better)-sliders (very tasty, and it came w fries, if only I knew, I wouldn't have ordered the full order of fries. Was too much)food: 4*service: 5*yay to Barcelona!
4	Quickie review for a quick bite. Stopped in to give it a try as we'll be moving to the neighborhood very soon. Our waiter was very friendly and the restaurant is a neat little spot with nice decor in the Smith's shopping center.Started with the deep fried goat cheese balls that were really good, definitely recommended! Had the surf & turf skewers which were a bit on the overdone side but still had a pretty good flavor. We also had the stuffed red peppers which were very tasty as well. Just a quick sampling but we'll definitely be back.The only comparison there would be to make here locally would be Firefly and honestly we prefer it for several reasons. The prices on the dishes are more reasonable at FF and they're a bit overpriced at Barcelona for what you're getting. Also, the flavors are just a little more refined at Firefly and their sauces are right on the money where Barcelona needs a little more practice.If it sounds like we weren't happy that's far from the case. Barcelona gets 4 stars because we did enjoy what we had and we'll definitely be back. I hope they grow a little bit in terms of making some slight changes to recipes and their menu but overall a good foundation has been layed. Now it just comes down to lowering their steep prices a bit.Edited to add I forgot to mention the great customer service we had! Our waiter was very friendly and also very helpful when making suggestions as what to order.
2	We found a coupon for this restaurant in the 89113 booklet and decided to try it since we had a great experience at the FireFly and another tapas restaurant at the Aria.Although the restaurant had a nice atmosphere with 3-4 flat screens, the music was too loud.We ordered the tuna tartar which was mixed with too much mayo but the chips were wonderful; the shrimp cerviche, which the shrimp was too tough and the chips weren't that great; the eggplant cannelloni, which was too salty; and 3 skewers with a yummy sausage, a tasteless steak and an overcooked shrimp.  Waiter was okay; the waterboy or the person that kept our drinks filled was very customer service oriented.Will we be back?....No
5	Amazing tapas! We go in frequently for dinner and the staff is always happy to see us, friendly and attentive. The food is wonderful. Very fresh, and homemade. Go, you will not regret it!
3	I'm not sure why they call themselves barcelona, not very authetic spanish cooking. but the tapas are good. they could have a bigger selection of tapas. service was excelant. check them out on half price night!!! And try the Sangrias, free samples are available...
4	Three stars/Four Stars.  I think it might vary, but I like to give the upper edge on this one.  Off in Southern Highlands, it's nice to have a tapas bar somewhere near Henderson which got me excited.  The service is pretty responsive, and the decor isn't shabby.  The few things I tried here were the butternut squash soup which is delicious by the way, baked cheese, barcelona fries, lamb chops, and sliders.  I'm not sure why, but it didn't give me the satisfaction of being full.  The price is decent, but I think for the price, I would go to Firefly's.  I do like the friendly staff, and it's nice to have a place around this area to try out.
3	Tapas Bar in the suburbs (ie. strip mall) with quite an extensive menu. Great options for vegetarians, omnivores and carnivores alike. Not too vegan friendly due to the excessive cheese factor in the menu. The decor reminded me of country bars/sandwich places in Texas so I didn't really get the Spanish vibe. I thought the prices were a little high ($5.50 to $6) for most tapas vegetarian items...rather small portions. The items I sampled:1. Fried Goat Cheese ($6.50) - 4 panko crusted goat cheese balls deep fried and drizzled with honey balsamic. These balls tasted excellent. But I thought $6.50 for a small bite was a little outrageous2. Potatoes Bravas ($6) - Tasted pretty bad. I don't know how to describe it except that it was a serious letdown. $6 for a small portion of baked potatoes? I don't think so....3. Raviolis ($5.50) - Cheese medallion raviolis in a creamy tomato sauce. The sauce was excellent. But the raviolis (4 in an order) were undercooked4. Vegetable Empanada ($5) - 2 empanadas with a bean, corn, mushroom filling served with more beans and corn and a tomato based sauce. The pastry was flaky, the filling tasty and the entire combination a rousing success!5. Stuffed Piquillo Peppers ($7.50) - 3 peppers with goat cheese and beans and corns served in a tomato sauce. Tasty but definitely overpriced.We had  pitchers of Mojitos that I felt were way too sweet. We were there as a group of 12 for a birthday. Edgar, the owner was very accommodating and helped us with the table arrangements as well as the cake cutting. The rest of the wait staff...oh gosh. It was a travesty. Water glasses were never filled, our orders were totally ignored for the longest time, drink orders were messed up, we got pork Empanadas to the table twice even though we explicitly told the waitstaff we were vegetarian multiple times and had ordered vegetable Empanadas. Just dismal service. They did make accomodations on the check and acknowledged the awful service but I'd rather have had water to drink with my meal than pay a few dollars less. These guys need to reduce prices and buck up on service before I'm tempted to try them again. 2.5 stars rounded up to 3.
5	went in on a wednesday night around 8pm. got seated right away and had Matt as our server. (he was great. very nice and recommended one of our desserts that we loved.) the free bread, spicy butter, and hummus they give you are very tasty but do not fill up on them. the tapas were delicious. the fried calamari was some of the best i had in vegas, the lamp chops melted in my mouth, and the stuffed peppers were just what i was craving. the desserts we got were the chocolate tres leches a la mode and the empanada. both amazing. Matt told us about the seasonal specials they will be having weekly and i know my boyfriend and i will be returning asap.
2	I've lived in Vegas for a year now, and just down the street is quite a few restaurants that I've been wanting to try.  Barcelona Tapas & Bar is one of them.Finally last night my husband and I decided to go and try it before our move to London next month.I was not impressed!The only thing good about this place was our server. A very tall and handsome guy with a lot of enthusiasm!  I believe he may of been the owner.When we walked in the ambiance of the place was just 'Meh' and it took a few moments before anyone even acknowledged that we were even there. Our table was at one of the bar 'booths' which was uncomfortable and the table was so short that we couldn't even cross our legs.  We had to sit next to each other, not across from each other, because one side of the booth was a booth like seat and the other side of the table were these short little bar type stools with no backs.  Very uncomfortable!The food was OK, not wonderful, but just OK. Although I must say that the Pan Fried Dates................................$ 5.50 (Pitted dates stuffed with almonds wrapped in bacon with merlot reduction and sprinkled with blue cheese crumbles.) were VERY yummy!!  But everything else, I'm sorry to say, was just not very good.I've had better!The House Made Sangria was delicious though! I would recommend a pitcher of that any time. Half off pitchers and certain foods are at Happy Hour (Monday-Friday's from 4pm-7pm).So I'm sorry to say that I'm only giving this place a 2 star rating because I agree that it is just that;  Meh.  I've experienced better!
1	ive been here twice and have been disappointed both times. its nice that its just down the street in southern highlands but not even worth it at all.the decor of theplace at least is cute. lots of spanish style memorabilias. but the food was just not up to par.  the albondigas (meatballs) were so dry and the marinara sauce was not even good enough to dip it in.their signature barcelona fries were old. not crispy and fresh at all.the stuffed ushrooms were acceptable. the stuffed dates were extremely oily, but then again all their dishes seemed to be oily. the place has a good vibe and atmosphere. it just needs better cooks and chefs because the food seriously needs improvement.
4	I discovered Barcelona Tapas & Bar while going through those 80 percent-off offers at Restaurant.com. Given its way-out-of-the-way location, I'd likely have otherwise not heard of it. After a few months of the $25 certificate sitting in our kitchen drawer, my girlfriend and I finally decided to make the trek out to Southern Highlands to check out this tapas joint. I was nervous at first; the Yelp! reviews were not encouraging. Everyone was basically saying the service was terrible, the place was too loud, and the food paled in comparison to Firefly (a favorite), especially for the price. But we gave it a go anyway, and ...I'm glad we did.We went on a Friday night, which you'd expect to be a super-busy time, but it wasn't. Aside from one big party seated near the bar, the remaining booths were only half-occupied. We were greeted by the server/host immediately upon entering, and seated right away. He got our drink orders in before we even had to open the menus. Throughout our meal, we had servers constantly checking in on us, refilling water, etc. So, for us, the service was super.The food? Pretty good in general. The patatas bravas were tasty, though could have been a hair spicier. The tortilla espanola was very satisfying, a thick, fluffy omelet that -- I hate to compare -- puts Firefly's to shame. I assume my girl enjoyed her manchego mac & cheese, because she ate it all. Even the toasted bread served with the meal (accompanied by a garbanzo bean dip and garlic cheese butter) was good. The only thing that was not awesome was the tuna tartare. While it was inspired to serve it with tostada chips (that almost tasted like wontons!), the tuna was bland, even with accompanying pineapple cubes.But that's the great thing about tapas -- you try a bunch of things, and some hit, some miss.The red sangria we had was also very good. Not too sweet, not too strong, a good mix of wine and fruit. Someone else here thought it was too sweet. Maybe they had the white? We'll have to try next time.I don't know how soon we'll be back based solely on Barcelona's location (although we made it a date night with a movie at Southpoint, which was only about five minutes from there), but we'd definitely recommend anyone in the area try it. And if you go to their website, you can get $25 in dining for only $10. You can get better deals on sites like Restaurant.com, but Barcelona's in-house coupon has fewer restrictions on use.
2	I have been to this place three times now.  The first time- it just opened and they did not have their alcohol in stock yet.  But the waiters were very enthusiastic and of course wanted our business so they even offered that we can bring in a bottle of wine and drink it with our foods.  We were already kinda tipsy so we just opt for the food.  It tasted good then but almost anything is good after "drinking".The second time I was here I was with someone who did not eat certain foods and I was kinda full to begin with.  So we shared the EMPANADA.  From what I could remembert...it was not memorable.This time...I wanted to give it one more shot.  I brought my son with me this time hoping he would like it and he would be able to give me honest  "TASTE BUDS OPINIONS"We got there before dinner rush and there was only one couple in the whole place.  The host/waiter dude was in the back.  Maybe he did not hear us but maybe there should be a bell or something to let him know there are customers.  I had to go towards the back to find him and ask if we should sit ourselves.  We chose a booth which the bench was lower than the table.  (just an observation)  My son had to get our menus since no one was really helping us. So on the quickness for your reading...Waiter- not very talkative, ok for attentiveness, easy on the eyes but not warm.Atmosphere- the walls were black and ok "so-called Spanish" decorations.  Lots of TV's and there was a full bar. *House Salad- too vinegary, the sliced apples tasted as if they used an apple that was old*Calamari-bland, needed salt and seemed rushed out of the fryer since the batter was not fully crisp.  But at least the tentacles were there.  *Son's Sliders- he was sad there was no cheese (LOL).  My son was not too happy and said he'd rather have McDo's.  So I had to take a bite since most kids would rather have McDo's.  The burger was dry and tasted like ground beef with the Lipton Onion Soup Mix.  He actually said he'd rather have home-made burgers.  hahahhahaand the french fries that came with it...he said it's like those fries you get in a can....bwahahahaha.*Some sliced Steak thingy with mashed potatoes.  It was not hard and chewy but it was very salty.  My son even tried to dip his dry-ass burger in the sauce of the steak...but  it did not help. ***White Sangria-tasted just like cheap white wine with diced apple in it.  (To make good Sangria...it must be made overnight and have the flavors marry each other)-NO I will not share my special recipe which I promise will beat the SANGRIA @ CHA CHA CHA'S in the Haight in San Francisco.  I assure you that. Anyways....I think this place is only staying in business because of the full bar and all the promos they run.  I THINK....they should close the place and I can take over running it as a Filipinasian Karaoke Bar and Restaurant....Whadda you think?????SOUTHERN HIGHLANDS  need some new flavor and some excitement.-Firefly is and will be better....sorry Barcelona.
2	I've been wanting to try Barcelona for a long time, we finally got a group together and made our way there. Staff was friendly and efficient even with our large group. The restaurant is small and intimate.We missed happy hour:( But we had a 20% off coupon from a mailer. Started with a Blood Orange martini...it was delicious, while looking over the menu we were brought complementary toast with hummus and a sweet butter spread.We decided to share steak skewers, mac and cheese, and ham and cheese croquets. The steak was yummy, well seasoned and done medium as we had asked a small scoop of mashed potatoes was included, they were a little runny and needed salt but edible with the steak, the mac and cheese was lacking bacon which the menu says is blended in side, we didn't see or taste any bacon. The ham and cheese croquets looked good and weren't greasy but were flavorless, again I added salt. My friend had a few different items than we did and agreed the food needed more seasoning. Everyone raved about the bacon wrapped dates.We skipped dessert because our friend had brought along cake to celebrate her husbands birthday.I'm glad I got to go and take this restaurant off my list of places to try, I doubt I'll go back, I'd rather go to Firefly for tapas (5 stars).
4	Great sangria...tapas menu has a lot of variety...make sure to check out the coupon on their website, $25 off my meal
4	Barcelona Tapas is conveniently located down the street from my house so its great to go to when I am jonesing for some good food but don't feel like making the trek to the Strip and surrounding areas.The atmosphere is fun, dark, and decorative.The staff is usually excellent (If you come late and sit at the bar...Edgar the owner will come out and chill with you. He is awesome and so much fun to talk to (Last time I was there we talked about how tasty food is like porn for the mouth).The food overall is wonderful...I highly recommend the following:-pan fried dates wrapped in bacon with a red wine reduction and blue cheese crumbles-beef carpaccio with truffle oil-the lamb-empanadas (I prefer the chicken)-bananas foster crepe-sangria (red)-mango mojitoThey have wonderful happy hour specials as well (half off sangria on Tuesday...I think). Its a wonderful place to take a date or a small group of people....its also kid friendly.
4	After reading the other reviews on yelp, I was a little skeptical of trying this place, only because people mention bad service, and that's my biggest pet peeve. But after passing it a few times, Yelp reviewers couldn't stop me, and I decided I had to make up my own mind. So, my man and I came here on a Thursday date night, and had a WONDERFUL time!! Got here around 6ish, and were seated right away. The server was friendly and gave us lots of tips on the most popular items. Everything is like 3 bites, so we decided to go big and order a bunch of things.Beef Carpacio - DELICIOUS! Great flavor!Boquerones - My man is spanish and loves anchovies. I was VERY hesitant to try this, but it was AMAZING. He didn't like the balsamic drizzle, but I did... not "fishy" at all and one of the best dishesTortilla Espanola - It was just alright. Being from Spain, I think my man judges a little harshly, but I've had better than this too. It didn't stop us from eating all of it though :)Steamed Mussels - So good. The broth was amazing, and so flavorful. We ate all of this in a hurry.Garlic Shrimp - Just what you would expect. Really good. Lots of garlic in a good way.Croquetas - There was supposed to be serrano ham in here, but we couldn't really taste it. Nonetheless, it was really good. Crispy outside, and really cheesy/potatoey goodness on the inside.After ordering all of this, and devouring it cause it was amazing, our server sent out a complimentary chicken cake :) Oh, and it was national chocolate cake day, so I decided to get to Chocolate Tres Leches, and it was rich and sweet, and just what I needed to end dinner with. My man got the flan, and it was also really good!! When we got ready to leave, the place had really filled up. And I noticed they only had 1 server and 1 helper for the whole place! So since we got there before the rush, our server had time to serve us properly, but now that he had 10+ tables, I can see where the bad reviews came from. I suggest that the management get another server cause the food is great!!We will definitely be back. To top it off, they have a coupon on their website! You should definitely utilize this, cause our bill was only $50+tip after it was all said and done! Total score!
3	Barcelona Tapas Bar is in the Smith's business plaza right off of Decatur and Somerset Hills.  They have a very convenient website you can visit for their on-line menu:  www.barcelonatapas-bar.com.  They have booth seating, smaller tables by the bar, and separate bar seating.  We were greeted and seated very fast.  We were seated next to the bar.  The seating over there is a little cramped and the tables are shorter.  If you are tall or would like a little privacy I would recommend sitting in the normal sized booths away from the bar.  Our server was just friendly enough.  We may have caught him towards the end of his shift.  Our server was different after we had made our initial orders.  Our second server was extremely friendly and our drinks were always topped off.  We had gone on a Sunday which currently is 50% of all tapas.  They were packed but, the orders still came out pretty fast. We had ordered:Chicken EmpanadasPan Fried DatesStuffed MushroomsCalamares FritosMerguez Lamb SausageCroquetasThe dishes were standard tapas size.  I definitely recommend the Croquetas and the Pan Fried Dates!  The only thing I would say I wasn't a really big fan of was the stuffed Mushrooms.  The Croquetas were filled with Serrano ham, Manchengo cheese, and Parmesan cheese.  They were delicious.  And the Pan Fried Dates consist of pitted dates stuffed with almonds wrapped in bacon with Merlot reduction and sprinkled with blue cheese.  You only get 5 of them so eat them slowly and enjoy.  I am going to give this place 3 out of 5 stars.  Our initial welcome felt a little off and I felt like the seating by the bar felt a little boot leg.  However, this place has awesome food and service when you get your food is so friendly!
2	We headed here for dinner the other night because we had a restaurant.com gift certificate. For the food and service, it deserves 1 star. But since the space itself is nice and the happy hour deals are good, I'll bump it to 2 stars.When we arrived, there was exactly one host / bartender / server - and he may have even been doing some cooking too. So needless to say, service was incredibly slow (despite there only being two other tables of people). And to make it worse, he reminded me of a used car salesman - extremely pushy about getting you to order certain dishes. The table next to us was a mom and young daughter. The mom declined dessert, but the server then proceeded to tell the little girl about the bananas foster crepes and that she must want those. It was all very uncomfortable. (And the same thing happened to us with the one special of the day that he described to us.)The good thing here is the happy hour deals. When we went, all mojitos were 1/2 half and all seafood and meat tapas were 1/2 off. And that is a great deal. Unfortunately, the mojitos and tapas were downright awful.We had a mango mojito and blood orange mojito. Neither of us could even stand to drink them. They were very obviously made with a powder mix - and you could see and taste the powder. Ick, icky, ick.We ordered a a variety of tapas - the special of the day (red peppers with capers and feta), mac 'n' cheese with bacon, tortilla a la espanola, fried dates, etc. We were both incredibly hungry, but we didn't finish any of the dishes. Not only were they disappointing, they were just plain bad.The mac 'n' cheese was dried out, had little to no flavor, and practically no bacon. The tortilla espanola was very dried out and way overcooked. These are two tapas that are standard favs of mine at any tapas place, but complete failures here. We literally left the food half-eaten on the table and went to another restaurant in the same shopping center.
4	I've been to Barcelona a couple times. Once with my mother when she was in town and a couple times with the sig other. I was skeptical it could be any better than firefly, but its in comparisons in many aspects. Obviously the location is out of the way for most people in the metro (really only about 10-12 mins from the strip area), but it's 2 mins away from my house, so when we're in the mood for some tapas and a few glasses of sangria this is my/our spot.I learned about pan fried dates a couple years ago at the aforementioned competitor, and in my opinion they are just as good or probably better at Barcelona. They definitely came out faster at Barcelona, probably because they're not normally as busy. All of the other food that we've chosen have been pretty good as well. My girl got the empanadas one time, and she said they were just ok. We love the bread and fixins they bring out with the waters.The service has been above average-really good every time we've been. And from what I read, I need to check out the website for the specials.Pretty tough to beat the prices and location for me. My experiences here have been above average so I have to give them a solid 4 stars.We'll definitely be back for some sliders, fries, mac and cheese, and dates!
5	This place is great! I cant eat big meals, so being able to taste many small tapas was great! Some of our favorites were the raviolis, surf and turf, and queso. We also split the red sangria, wow, yummy! The best is they always have happy hour from 4-7 daily. What more could you ask for! We will def go back again, very soon!!
4	This a great neighborhood restaurant.  The food is always excellent and the drinks are strong as well.  The only thing I would add to the reviews is to consider the sauce that some of the dishes might be in.  You may want to ask for "light sauce" since some dishes (i.e. mushrooms) tend to be soaked in it.  I usually ask and they comply.As for the service, it is usually pretty good. I don't know if they have had some turnover recently, but I notice some new faces working there.  But the owner/manager is a really nice guy and does a great job making tasy dishes.I'd like to point out they have some awesome deals - 4-7pm everyday I believe the tapas at 1/2 off.  At 7pm, it flips and drinks become 1/2 off.  The 1/2 off times definitely make this place a much better deal.  I wouldn't miss it if you live in the South/Southwest Vegas area!
3	I have eaten here twice.  The first time, I went to take advantage of the half off tapas on a Sunday after 8 PM.  I tried the pan fried dates, mac & cheese, butternut squash soup, and the baked cheese.  The mixture of the cream cheese and goat cheese in the baked cheese was a little too overwhelming, so we didn't continue eating it and it was thankfully removed from our bill.  The pan fried dates were pretty much the same as the stuffed dates from Firefly, which is fine by me.  The mac & cheese is better than the one served at Firefly in my opinion and the butternut squash soup was tasty as well.  We ended the meal with the bananas foster dessert and it was A-MAZING.  I'm not even usually a "banana dessert" person, but this was awesome.  The service was great, but we were one of the only groups in the restaurant that night.The second time I went was on a Saturday night.  It was much more crowded, which was good to see since I wasn't very sure how this place stayed in business based on the volume I saw the first time. Again, I had the pan fried dates and mac & cheese, which were still delicious.  I also tried the sliders and was very satisfied.  For dessert, I had the sweet empanada, which reminded me a lot of a Cuban dessert called pasteles de guayaba.  Overall, both experiences were good ones, but it's also nothing special.  Just glad to have a decent tapas restaurant nearby that's not as trendy and packed as Firefly!
4	Great tapas restaurant!  We especially love: bacon wrapped dates, eggplant cannelloni, lamb chops, spinach salad, sausage, and mushrooms.  Each time we go, we try to get something new to try and we have yet to be disappointed.  The service is average - orders are taken on time, food is promptly delivered and is correct, and check comes at appropriate time - but the service lacks personality and friendliness.  The owner/manager does come around and he is upbeat and friendly, but his wait staff could improve in that area.  We eat there pretty often and most servers would already know us by name, but not here.  Not a big deal, though.  This is a fun place to go with your entire family, just the girls, just the guys, with a big group, or on a date night.  There is a kids menu and kids high-chairs if needed.  Be sure to stop in when it's 50% off food or 50% off drinks.
4	It is wonderful that they have the tapas happy hour from 4-7.  I especially enjoy the stuffed peppers with black beans and corn sauce.  I am not too impress with their wine selection but you can't beat the half price wine special after 7pm.  The live band is pretty entertaining on Friday but it would be exceptional if they had more of a Cuban flavor.  Overall its a great neighborhood hangout and Melissa the bartender is extremely friendly and outgoing.  Try their cheese plate it's nice with the wine.
4	I took my best friend here for some much needed sustenance . It was Friday night and it was packed...the wait was about 30 min. Edgar, the owner, totally hooked us up with a booth after only waiting for 10 min (he's such a good guy). My friends and I decided on the usual favorites and some new things that I hadn't explored yet...but I am so glad I did. Pan fried dates- pretty much a staple of any Barcelona visitBeef carpaccio- the fried scallions and balsamic reduction make this one a winner Pork empenadas- kinda heavy for me but I don't think I was really in the mood for fried foodBBQ ribs- I was impressed. The sauce was flavorful but not overpowering, the pineapple chunks went well with the sauce and the meat practically fell off the bone. Will definitely order that again.Spicy shrimp- this was one of my favorite new finds on the menu. The sauce was sweet and hot (think Thai chili sauce), the shrimp was succulent and it went great with bread (huge plus in my book). My friends and I enjoyed our meal immensely and will be back soon. Thank you Edgar :)
3	I'm torn on this one.We started out with one waiter who took our order and completely disappeared. Eventually another waiter took over and he was a sweetheart. Very attentive and called us "my friends" every chance he got.I had a white wine sangria which was pretty low on alcohol. I had 2 of them and didn't even have a buzz.In regards to food, everything was just so-so. The stuffed dates were delcious, as was the complimentary bread with hummus and mystery spread. What IS that stuff? Whatever it was, it was addictive.Albondigas were okay, but they were served with a marinara sauce which I've never seen in a Spanish restaurant or on this type of dish. The chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms were served the same way. They had a mealy texture, as I believe the meat was finely ground or shredded. Weird.The fried goat cheese was WAY too rich. It could have used more honey or balsamic to offset the cheese.Macaroni and cheese was bland and unimpressive.I'd highly recommend the surf and turf platter with shrimp, chorizo and steak. It was served with some amazing mashed potatoes and covered in a chimichurri that was delicious.All in all, I'll definitely be back because tapas can be hit or miss and there's a ton more stuff to try.
5	The greatest Tapas in Las Vegas, go somewhere else and sample ok tapas but Barcelona sets the standard! But that's not all, the service and atmosphere make this place a great experience!! If your looking for a place filled with top ten muzak, bad service and fried bar food this is not the place for you.
5	Yum! Dinner salad, stuffed dates, baked cheese, spicy shrimp, sliders, Mac & cheese, chicken skewers, steak skewers, mashed potatoes, roasted peppers. Super good and great service!
5	I am super happy that there is a Tapas restaurant near my neighborhood that I can go to anytime to enjoy some small plates and a pitcher of sangria with either my boyfriend or a small group of friends.  The restaurant is also a bar so I can even get my alcohol fix at the same time if I feel the sangria isn't cutting it.Here are my favorite plates there:The FREE bread they serve at the beginning: it's warm and toasted when it comes out, and the orange butter (not sure of the flavor) is super yummy.  I think I can come here and eat just the bread and I'll be contentPan Fried Dates: this is a salty/sweet delight and is definitely a must try for any Tapas first timersMac n Cheese: it has fun shells! And just the right amount of cheese.  This is a good carb to eat with all the small plates!Mar y Monte (Surf n Turf): my favorite part about this dish is actually the sausage and the mash potatoes.  Also, the meat is cooked medium so its tastefulDiabla Shrimp: good and spicy too!Ham and Cheese Croquets: yum!Sliders: These are super good and not really a small plate!The so-so:Empanadas: I've only tried once; thought it was OKEgg-plant Cannelloni: The egg plant is yum, but the rest of it is too saltySangria: it does the job, but the fruit could be marinated in there; so they make it a little different here.  But I'll still order it for sure!I have  yet to try the dessert and the rest of the huge menu!  I'll be back for sure!
5	This is one of those reviews that I've had a very hard time writing about because I don't think anything I say will do justice to how much of a good time I had here. We showed up for happy hour half off drink and food specials and were seated right away. We must have come at a good time because we really didn't wait long for anything. However, I would say that a great deal of credit should also be given to our server, Marco. He was funny, engaging, and (most importantly) very attentive! First, and most importantly: the drinks were deceiving delicious in the sense that they were so tasty that I inhaled three glasses without hesitation only to find that I was pretty ridiculously drunk. The red sangria (arguably the only true sangria) was refreshing and light without being overly sweet or disrespectful to the essence of sangria. We had two pitchers. We also had a pitcher of mojito, which was just as refreshing and tasty (though I favored the sangria). For kicks, I tried a glass of white sangria to Marco's and my husband's chagrin, and while it was delicious, it was nowhere near as awesome as the red (which I refused to admit until now). Second most importantly: the food. Delicious. I read a few reviews prior to visiting and was worried about the menu until I realized that the issues were mostly with the marinara sauce dishes and I had no interest in them to begin with. Worries gone! Anyway, the food was fantastic. We actually viewed the menu ahead of time and wrote out a list of the items we wanted to eat (for a group of 5). After the first round, we narrowed down to those we wanted seconds of and, voila, we were full and drunk! We had:- Bread Course (complimentary): I think we had a cannelini and honey almond spread. Both were such a great start, but that butter was lardy crack, I swear! I wanted to spread it on everything and make the world a happier place with it. - Calamari: Good portion and tasty sauce. I'm partial to the battered calamari over the breaded variety so I was a happy camper. - Tortilla Espanola: I know it's just egg and potato, but it's really easy to eff this up. I think it was cooked perfectly (and it got "pretty close" remarks from my husband, the guy who thinks all tapas places not in Spain can't get it right).- Chicken and Mushroom Soup: Not my call. Soup with sangria? What kind of nut orders that? My sister, that's who. But the soup was good!- Bacon-Wrapped Dates: Standard fare done well here. We got seconds. - Manchego Mac and Cheese: I swoon for cheesy goodness and everyone gobbled theirs up, but I couldn't get seconds because everyone else does not have the same dairy love that I do. - Patatas Bravas: Okay, you know how when you eat out and something's supposed to be spicy but, usually, it really isn't? That is not the case. I love heat, but even I caught myself saying, "WOO!" and gulping down sangria. We for sure got seconds!- Escargot: The sauce, the snails, the veggies... they were soppingly good. The toasted bread was the perfect accompaniment and we all found ourselves wiping the plate clean so as to not waste that delectable sauce. Seconds? Yes!- Beef Carpaccio: It was dressed so well with the fried onions, balsamic sauce, and cheese. Hell yeah we got seconds! - Garlic Shrimp: We got seconds, first, because it only comes in a set of three and we had five people. Secondly, garlic butter sauce, man! - Petit Filet: It was like a mini meal of perfectly cooked steak and mashed potatoes. We got seconds. - Chocolate Tres Leches: I WANTED to get seconds! - Bananas Foster: Thank you, Marco, for this treat! What a satisfying end to such a fulfilling meal! All this fun and gorging came out to about $40-$50 a person with tax and tip thanks to the magic that is Happy Hour. The only downside is that, for a non-local who comes in from LA, it's a trek to get out here, but sometimes one should venture away from the main haunts. Can't wait to resume the madness!
5	Our family just had dinner there and it was terrific.  We had a chance to meet the owner and he was so gracious. The food was amazing. We went during happy hour and saved half off our bill. The best tapas we tasted were the manchego and serrano cheese platter, the beef sliders, the pan fried dates wrapped in bacon, and the wonderful, tasty desserts...chocolate tres leche and a banana foster's which was to die for. Overall, this restaurant deserves a 5 stars due to the attentive service, the delious sangria and the wonderful, tasty tapas.
2	Blecccch.There's a reason they give the food away here half price half the time and have a million coupons and deals on line.  The food sucks.  Service was unprofessional and harried despite the place being nearly empty.  The room has all the ambience of a bus station.  Crummy live band was playing way too loud.Stay away.  Stay far away.
4	What a happy hour! It goes from 4-7 everyday and the tapas are half off with the exception of shrimp dishes and desserts. Even with those limitations, there are plenty to choose from. If you are the type of person that can make a meal out of appetizers, then tapas are perfect for you. Sometimes called the Spanish dim sum, these dishes are the perfect size to try a few. I am not the type of person that goes to a happy hour to save money, instead I order twice what I normally would and have it even out in the end.The fantastic dishes: Chilled orzo salad- The orzo was cooked al dente with a nice bite and the grilled veggies were very flavorful. Beef carpaccio- This was a generous portion of thinly sliced raw beef. The parm, fried onion strings, balsamic vinaigrette, and tapanade mingled well. Place on on the bread and you have a good contrast in textures.Stuffed peppers- The creaminess of the three cheese blend with a corn and black bean salad was mellow compared to the other strong tastes.Bananas foster crepe- The crepe was more crisp than normal, but was perfect with the softness of the caramelized bananas and ice cream.The good:Stuffed dates wrapped in bacon. These were pretty standard.Fried goat cheese- The balsamic vinegar and honey that line the dish made it delicious, but very decadent.Summer bean salad- good but took the dressing from the goat cheese to make it better.Strawberries tossed in a balsamic vinegar and cream with a sugar crust. Was decent, the balsamic did not play a prominent part in the dish.The bad:Tuna tartar- I love raw tuna in any form, but my friend said it all when she said it looked like cat food. It was bland on top of looking less than appetizing. Fried tres leches a la mode- Tasted and had the texture of fried chicken. Not the most appealing of the desserts.The desserts are not part of the tapas deal for happy hour. The only one I would pay full price for is the bananas foster crepe. Our eyes were bigger than stomaches and it almost doubled our bill. Still for everything we got, it was a great deal.
2	I went there for the first time tonight with my girlfriend.  The happy hour (1/2 off) is a pretty good deal, price-wise. The food is so-so. Nothing was bad but nothing jumped out as fantastic either.  We ordered drinks and the first round of tapas and then our waiter didn't come back for over 30 minutes. We were out of food, adult beverages and water for over 30 mins. I would have ordered more food but we were so irritated we just settled the check and left.  When i flagged him down to get the check there wasn't even an apology or anything. I would only go back if I'm starving and in the neighborhood, not worth driving back out there. In summary: food; so-so. Service: TERRIBLE
4	For a suburban spot Barcelona is surprisingly good. It's not quite up to the level of Vegas standard-bearer Firefly but it's close, fairly quiet, and the service is consistently acceptable. Not exceptional, but Firefly has historically had issues with service.Most of the dishes I've had here have been good to excellent. The tuna tartare, with wonton chips and pineapple, is a neat study in contrasts. The gazpacho was a little more seasoned than I care for, which takes the focus off the freshness of the soup. The patatas bravas, wrapped in bacon, are cooked perfectly to taste on the inside like baked potato. The chicken banderas are bite-sized skewers of garlic, roasted pepper, grilled chicken and avocado, served with a tasty vinagrette. The pork empanada is also highly recommended, the flaky crust is almost reminiscent of deep-fried Chinese noodles. The ham and cheese croquetas are one of the richest foods I've ever eaten.I think this place is kind of overpriced, but their half-price tapas happy hour and restaurant.com gift certificates can put it into the realm of the affordable.
2	I'm a huge fan of Tapas,  my wife and I like Firefly a lot so when I got the opportunity to buy a deal on living social for $25 for $50 worth of food, it was a no brainer decision to give it a try.I hate to be overly critical when I'm getting a discount but here goes anyway :)The decor was nice, the restaurant has a nice ambiance and overall casual but comfortable feeling.  All of the booths in the restaurant section were full, so my wife and I grabbed a booth like table in the bar as noone was there and it seemed the best choice at the time. It turns out we should have picked a different table as my seat looked right into the kitchen, boxes of soda, the co2 tanks, some dude sitting on a box on his break.  The opening to the kitchen does have some black curtains but they weren't using them and had them tucked back presumably because it was annoying for the workers to walk thru them.  I'm guessing the decorator or owner put those curtains there for a reason, would be nice to see them used.The menu prices and drinks are all reasonably priced, so no complaints there. They have lots of coupons available including a discount on Yelp, as well as a 3 hour happy hour with most dishes 50% off so if you time it right you get a big bang for you buck.I ordered the Grilled Octupus and Shrimp Ceviche to get started with while we looked at the rest of the menu for other stuff.   5 minutes later, the Waitress returns with a "I'm sorry we don't have any Grilled Octopus or the Shrimp Ceviche tonight". I'm mildly irritated at this point as:a.) these are two of my favorite itemsb.) I hate it when waitresses don't tell you what they are out of when you sit down.ok, granted they may be out of Octopus because it is not fresh, etc but they do have plenty of other shrimp dishes on the menu so regarding the shrimp ceviche I think it was more of poor planning or lack of desire to make more.I asked if there were any more items that they didn't have, and the waitress scampered off to the kitchen again to ask (is it really that hard to know what items you aren't serving tonight???) She mentioned two other items they didn't have one of which was another dish I was interested in, big sigh :(The food was quite good. My only real complaint was the lack of product knowledge from the waitress. We asked a couple of basic questions like what kind of cheese is on this? etc only to get a blank stare with her picking up the menu to look :)It's also milldy irritating when they just drop off the food without a brief explanation.  This is XXX, this is YYY.  My wife and I had ordered escargot and they just dumped it off, we thought it was another dish we had ordered because the escargot was prepared in a method we weren't used to (it was good, but would have been nice to know we were eating it :) )Waitress made two more mistakes regarding the check.  a.) didn't deduct the value of the coupon even though I gave it to her when we sat down, when she adjusted the bill, she gave me the wrong change and I had to point out her mistake to her. Not the end of the world, but I enjoy my evenings out without having to go through small hassles.Overall, I would give the food a solid 3.5 stars, and the service about a 2.  I will give this restaurant another try when I'm in the area. Hopefully, they won't be out of the items I want and we will get a better waitress. I will update my rating if I have a better experience next time.Jason
3	Normally I really like this place, but twice now on a weekend the bf & I have arrived around 11:40, 11:45am and they haven't been at all ready for customers (note that they're supposed to open at 11:30am every day of the week). I mean, we're talkin the door's unlocked, but the "open" sign is turned off, the chairs are still sitting inverted on the tables, and neither the owner nor any waiters are there.The first time, one of the cooks, who was busy in the kitchen, heard us come in and came out to greet us and offer us something to drink and eat. He didn't know how to make mixed drinks, but was happy to offer us some red sangria. The owner showed up 20 or so minutes later, apologized, and offered to make us something else (not comped or even discounted for the inconvenience, mind you). He seems pretty cool in general, though.The second time, we walked in at 11:40am. By 11:55am someone just noticed we were there, and a waitress had just arrived. Both the cook and she were very nice and accommodating, but I'm still confused as to why they pretend to open at 11:30am when they clearly barely open at noon. I get it that that could be perfectly acceptable in the actual city of Barcelona, but come on, man.All that aside, the food is good, but used to be better (they've recently changed several menu items for the worse, AND you get an expectations-versus-reality clash since the menu still has the old descriptions, but what shows up at your table isn't at all the same). Most of the menu items they have--including the sangria--Firefly on Paradise does better, hands down. But do I want to drive all the way there that often? Hell no -- and that's where Barcelona comes in. It's a decent, gas-saving substitute when I'm craving Spanish tapas; I'll just likely avoid going there for lunch on the weekends from now on.
2	The host and waitress were very friendly. They have half-off on their tapas during cocktail hours. So, a coupon is useless here because they charge you the regular prices instead of half-off to use the coupon, therefore canceling the supposed 50% discount from the coupon. Clever !The food is average. Nothing comparable to the real tapas in Spain or NYC. The paella was served with a large amount of very sticky rice with no saffron flavor. The tapas were better but nothing special. The sangria was without fruity flavor but has high alcohol content. It is a place for young people to drink and socialize, maybe.
4	I stumbled upon this place quite by accident and I am so glad I did. I went in for a glass of wine, came out with new friends and a promise to return for some food. I went back three times the following week, including my birthday party.Casual with an elegant, tony *feel*, but inviting, not ostentatious, and fabulously friendly. Some of the Firefly favorites (you did know they're within that six degrees of separation idea, right? Well, now you do.) are here, with a twist. The stuffed dates, patatas bravas and various others are throwbacks (in a good way) of what we love from the Firefly*.The first standout for me: The escargot is simply amazing. I am so used to the tasty (but overused) butter and garlic bath in which snails are usually prepared and presented. En croute or no, let's face it, they're done that way everywhere... everywhere, that is, but at Barcelona. A savory, tomato-based broth with complementary veggies and a healthy (but not overpowering) bit of spice for kick. I can admit it... we ordered it three times. For one friend, it was her first taste of escargot and I was so pleased it was here. We have a convert! Snails *are* yummy!The portions are perfect; I am only left wanting more because something is that good, it is not for a lack of generosity on the part of the kitchen.Smaller and more attention-oriented, Barcelona allowed for dietary substitutions (within reason, of course) and was helpful to a fault in finding dishes we would like or helping us if something just wasn't what we expected (diner error, I assure you, and no reflection of the restaurant).Everything tasted fresh and the flavors were clean. There were a few things we didn't get to try when we had the big group but only because they were running out of certain things.That hadn't happened before, even when the place was busy late into the night... so I am going to give the benefit of the doubt to it being our large party running them down after 5 hours of food and drink goodness.Whether I am there alone, or there are two of us at the bar, or fifteen of us descending upon them, we are always treated with the greatest of care and welcomed with open arms. Edgar and his staff make you a part of the family and you get the feel from your co-diners that they feel the same way. It is a pleasant way and a pleasant place to spend an hour, a meal, or an entire evening.
5	Edgar makes sure that his customers are happy, and an involved owner who truly cares definitely helps. The pan fried dates are wonderful. I have yet to have something off of the menu I did not like. I went with a friend who is from Madrid and she was not disappointed in the least and she was on a mission to find authentic tapas. I've been here over 40 times since they opened, and have always been pleased. The one downside that is not their fault is that Yelp thinks they are by Molly Malones and so the Check In offer doesn't work. If you just mention the offer, Edgar will make sure that it is honored.
3	Second trip here. I never review after one visit in order to make sure that I didn't catch them on a bad night (or a good one). My family and I love the food. The Camerones a la Diabla were the only downfall as the shrimp had no real taste beyond the sauce. Across the board we have tried about a third of the menu without a problem except for the shrimp.Service on the other hand needs major improvement. Our waiter seems preoccupied and has no patience. (Same waiter both visits) There are four of us and when taking our drink order he left after getting two drinks as my wife and daughter hesitated while ordering. I'd like to make this a regular dining location but service matters to us. So overall a 3.
4	Sangria, Sangria and more Sangria.  Dessert and Sangria :-)
3	I bought a coupon off Living Social and was excited because they're almost identical to Firefly.We got seated right away but waited for our waitress. Though they weren't busy, we had a hard time finding her. First they start you off with complimentary bread and butter. Yum! Though it didn't compare to Firefly, that didn't hold me back.We ordered :Pan fried dates, I didn't enjoy these better than Firefly but they were nonetheless still very good. We knew we'd order more of these babies.Garlic shrimp, very tasty. The sauce had a lot of flavor, I love garlic, so this was an easy like. It only came with three skewers and with so much goodiness in that dish, we had to help ourselves to seconds.. even thirds!Beef carpaccio, it was my first time trying it and I was not disappointed! The sauce was so flavorful and the crispy onions were a great touch! I just wished I was served this first so I could have had room for seconds.Beef sliders, I'm not a big fan of burgers but from what my brother said, it was bomb . com. And I loved how they served him ketchup in almost like Aladdin's genie lamp. So cute. Their thin fries were pretty good also, it had a nice crunch to it.Manchego mac&cheese, definitely enjoyed this one a lot better than Firefly's, the taste was spot on. My boyfriend even enjoyed it, so big thumbs up for BT&B!Paella, it was okay, I just didn't like having big, uncut lumps of chicken in there. They definitely weren't bite size but the flavors were there, rice was just a bit undercooked.It's a lot more brighter and roomier than Firefly, that was a plus for me. Because I love being able to tell what the color of my food really looks like. Our waitress just pretty much just wasn't great. Know how to bring hot dishes hot, not lukewarm and she should try and learn the menu.. just sayin'.
5	My gosh this place is out of the way for my husband and I who live in the Northeast part of town! Our banker recommended this place. We absolutely loved it! We were shocked at how quickly the place filled up; there were a couple of people at the bar and another couple in the dining room when we walked in and before we knew it the whole restaurant was full! Poor servers...... but regardless of that our dining experience was incredible. The staff did their best to provide great service and that's all that matters to us. We will definitely drive 40 minutes to dine here again.
4	This place may be out of the way for many Las Vegans but it's right in my neighborhood so it's a convenient 5min drive for me to get tapas as good as Firefly at a more reasonable price. I wish they didn't remove the pineapple and salmon skewers but the bacon wrapped dates are to die for. The paella is tasty and not too sauteed. Mojitos and sangria are pretty good as well.
3	This place used to be happening.  The food is good but the service really sucks.  The waitress was rude and negative on the place.
1	Food was mediocre and the service was horrible.  Slow, rude waitress.  Looks like it attracts the boozer crowd.They offer tons of coupons then get pissed off when you try to use one.  I live 2 blocks from there and will never go back.
1	Before I decided to check this place out, I had heard some great things. I decided to take my girlfriend here on a date, since we're both huge tapas restaurant fans. We get to Barcelona's and were seated by a hostess. The waiter comes up, brings us water then disappears. He never introduced himself, nor did he show any interest in taking our order. It took about 10 minutes before he came back to take our order. The food was great. Everything was cooked perfectly, leaving my girlfriend and i impressed. We asked for the check and gave the waiter the coupon we had bought off one of those group coupon websites. He instantly became hostile claiming that it was more work for him because he had to activate it and deduct it from the final check.  He returned and threw the check in front of me. He never once said thank you, or even came back to check on our drinks. I finished the check and we left.He followed me into the parking lot and asked for a signature, which I had forgotten to do out of irritation. The gentlemen began to tell me I shouldn't be angry about the coupon situation that it was just more work for him. I had never seen any waiter be so assertive. I told him I was upset about the fact that he didn't check on us once during our meal. He than said, "I don't need your excuses." My excuses for what? For not tipping him? He didn't deserve a tip considering how rude he was. He stormed off and called me an a**hole at the door of the restaurant as he was walking in.  After leaving I attempted to call the restaurant for a manager, but the phone kept going to voicemail. This was during business hours by the way.I'm sorry but that was unacceptable. Not even in the most run down places in town do you have the waiter insult you. Even these waiters are more gracious than this guy.  Horrible service. No matter how good the food was, I will not be returning. I will give this place 1 star because of the food. It deserves a zero for the customer service. Get rid of this guy, he's ruining your restaurant.
4	One of the best Happy Hours in Las Vegas.  Well drinks, house wines, and domestic beers as well as a specialized tapas menu are 50% off 4PM - 7PM every day.  Even Friday and Saturday.  Not bad.  A few standout Tapas pieces I had were the Mac N' Cheese, the pork empanada, as well as the chicken and mushroom soup.  All very tasty.Drinks are of a good size, but if you want a drink I'd suggest the wine or get a beer, as I believe they are watering their well drinks during happy hour. Regardless, I've had good service on the two occasions I have been here, and quite tasty food.
5	Unpretentious, good food, friendly service, great value.
5	Delicious Tapas, comfortable atmosphere... definitely stop by and check it out!
1	It's pretty much a typical bar environment, nothing special in the decor or ambience, similar to a PT's pub and the like. The food is okay, I had the ribs, and guests I was with ordered the sliders. The ribs were served in a sweet sauce that tasted like any that could be found in a Kraft jar. They weren't horrible, and they weren't great. The sliders weren't anything to write home about, as the meat quality was average at best. The fries were quite good, however shouldn't be a determining factor for patrons. The determining factors in this case: The service is horrible, and food is average at best. These two facts, coupled together should be a deal-breaker. It is as if they take pride in offering poor service. The wait staff would place the wrong orders in front of the customer, and did not seem to care if people are satisfied. They did this both with the drinks, and later with the entrees. One guest at our table had to wait ten minutes for ketchup, and when we finally got a waiter's attention, he was visibly annoyed at our request. On a side note-the coffee tasted like it had been sitting in the pot all day before being served. Strangely enough, if I see reviews for good food and poor service, I'm not deterred, as I see it like a 'soup nazi' situation: The food should be so outstanding that people overlook the horrible customer service in order to experience good tastes. In the case of Barcelona Tapas & Bar, I recommend avoiding this place, as the poor service does not justify the lackluster food served and the atmosphere is uncomfortable. I think the fancy name 'tapas' makes a place like this appear special, but in my case, it is simply a place to avoid.
4	I'm loving the local watering hole. Happy hour here rivals Brio but this is more intimate. Sit at the bar and do some shots with the bartender. Good times all around. The boquerones and the serrano ham and cheese platter are staples for me. Simple food to accompany a few cocktails is all I need.
3	I loved the food... Happy Hour is awesome....Serviced sucked.. We went last night Marco was our server he was very rude and short with us.... we obviously interrupted him watching the football game.. If the service was better I would have given this place a 5 star rating..:(
3	Fast service and good tapas for the $$
4	I live down the street from this place and I come around 3 times a month. I am somehow always craving their bacon-wrapped dates. First time I ever tried it was at Firefly and it's just as good. They start you out with bread and a sweet chili butter and also a spread which is delish. I always seem to order the same thing. Beef carpaccio, bacon wrapped dates, tilapia, surf & turf skewers, tuna tartar. Those are all pretty good. I've had the empanadas with beef and I honestly didn't like them. They had no distinct taste to them. I like the tuna from Firefly better, but it's still pretty good.I know this place has lunch specials from 4-7. I noticed the last time they made their portions smaller during this time, when for the past year they had this special it was regular size. Who could blame them though?I like this place. I come here often. I love the bacon wrapped dates, they are the best!If you're in the area and haven't been here yet, you need to give it a try!
2	UGH. THE MAIN REASON I'M GIVING THIS PLACE 2 STARS IS BECAUSE OF THE SERVICE.I fully understand that a place is understaffed and has 1 waiter for the whole place but, our waiter -- UGHH!!!!!!First, we order a pitcher of mojitos and he brings me a glass.Worst was that my friend FOUND HAIR IN HIS RICE and told the waiter about it and he just laughed it off. Are you effing kidding me???!!You know very well, if it was in my friend's rice then, there HAD to be hair in someone else's rice dish.Sadly, the food we had was really yummy. Escargot, brie dates bacon, lamb, mojito. I would've gave this place 4 stars. I'm just thankful his rice dish was the last thing we ate or else I would've been inspecting my food like crazy throughout dinner.
4	Food excellent...Wednesday afternoon bar to myself, lot of complaints about it to busy, then don't come for happy hour...cheap bas?$#ds...food is great
4	I been here a couple of times because my friend lives fairly close to this establishment. I'm not a huge tapas fan but I do enjoy it when I go out to a tapas restaurant. As for Barcelona Tapas and Bar, I actually enjoy this place. The pan fried dates are definitely a staple here. That is one thing everyone must order when coming here. and when they bring out the bread, it comes with a butter that the house makes that is the best tasting butter I have ever had in my life. It just tastes so damn good. I like the beef carpaccio as well.  Ordered the empanadas and wasnt that big of a fan on that one. The sauteed tilapia was pretty good.
4	Very good place for a quick bite, love the sangria. Great service, they are always friendly and polite.
2	I've tried this place 3 times since moving to Vegas a few months ago.  Food is ok, nothing special.  I've been to much better places back home that I wouldn't even put this in my top 10 list.  The sangria is not bad, but I can whip up the same concoction at home.With the VERY limited selection of spanish tapas bars in Vegas, I would probably frequent this place if ONLY they know how to treat their customers.  Servers are rude, slow, oblivious, and unattentive.  The only friendly person at that place is the female bartender (same bartender 3 times I was there).  Ok food/drinks and REALLY BAD SERVICE...I don't think I'll be coming back here anytime soon.
3	We were served a complimentary plate of grilled bread, hummus and a garlic cream cheese spread (2.5 Forks).  Our first order was the obligatory pan fried dates with almonds in a balsamic reduction sauce and sprinkled with goat cheese (4 Forks) and Manchego mac and cheese (3.5 Forks).  The second round was less successful: camarones al Ajillo (garlic shrimp) that were slightly overcooked and served at room temperature (2 Forks), a mundane house salad (2 Forks) and pastelillos pollo (chicken cake) served with a gribiche sauce (2.5 Forks).  We closed out the meal with a chocolate tres leches cake.A rating of 2.5 would be appropriate.
4	It's one of the first tapas places here in Las Vegas I knew of 3 years ago. So I love it!! than the over Hyped bullshit Firefly Tapas joint that I definately know, came later!! Barcelona is the first place I found, because of a friend of mine. Then this bullshit Firefly place came along, and it can go, on the wannabe list. At least the employees who work @ Barcelona aren't stuck up, like the employees at Firefly.  Firefly employees can shove their attitudes right back up their own taints!!! Or else I'll do it for them with my foot!!!!!! Barcelona Tapas!!  Puta Madre!!!!!Hell yeah!!!
1	TWO THUMBS DOWNToday was the second time I've eaten at Barcelona with my wife.  We live a few blocks down the street so we figured we'd stop in for some lunch.That was a big mistake.FOOD: I ordered the NY steak... my wife ordered ceviche.  My steak was so fatty,  I could only eat about half of it.SERVICE:  After we got the check,  I noticed the server charged us for the carbonated waters we ordered.  I was pretty disappointed so I asked him if that was standard policy.  He was extremely rude and unprofessional.We will never be back here again and I'll make sure to pass the word along to my friends and family.
5	This is one of my favorite places to go for a weeknight dinner or even an occasion. I live in the neighborhood so I visit Barcelona Tapas at least twice a month. Casual Dining Weeknight Experience:I have always received a friendly greeting at the door. The waiter/waitress is always very prompt with bringing over some fresh bread with honey butter and hummus, which is outstanding. I prefer the Sangria at Barcelona, the white-red mix is definitely the way to go. The wait staff always have time to check on the food and the experience, a nice addition to service at a neighborhood restaurant. Overall, I've always had great service. The menu and food is comparable to Firefly, in fact I sometimes feel like they ripped off the menu, which isn't a bad thing. My favorites are the bacon wrapped dates, the albondigas, the empanadas,  the chicken skewers, and the stuffed mushrooms are very good! The food quality at Barcelona definitely gives Firefly a run for its money and the wait staff actually come back and chat with you. At a busy Tapas place like Firefly(although it's super fun for a party) you don't get the personal experience. Also they have live music sometimes which is AWESOME! Spanish style guitar, so romantic!Large Group Dining:Last year I had my birthday dinner here. The restaurant handled the additional 30 people on a busy Saturday night with calm and provided the best service. Everyone got everything they ordered and in a timely manner. The waiter assigned to our party did a really great job making sure the drinks and food kept coming. We made a reservation a few days in advance just to let them know ahead of time and it truly was a great dinner.
5	The happy hour here is the shit! The hot bartender, Lizzett I think her name is, amazing! That girl knows her stuff. The tapas speak for themselves. Yum!!! Addicted!
4	We missed HH by 15 mins, which was sad. BUT I had a coupon from Restaurant.com so it was ok either way.If you check in on Yelp you get a free glass of Sangria :) Place is super cute & I'm totally going back again. It's in the same strip mall as Off the Strip, plenty of parking, and apparently has a swinging HH from 4-7 with 50% off entrees.They also have many TV's which made us happy! I posted some pix of the food,  here's what we got:1) bacon wrapped dates, pretty good, bacon was a little dry2) almond & panko deep fried goat cheese with a balsamic reduction -Yes please, more3) lots of bread & hummus-hummus needed more garlic in my opinion but I heart carbs4) Serrano wrapped cheese, black olives, little pickles -how fun this plate was5) crowd pleaser & shockingly good- escargot with saffron in a tomato sauce. Not what I expected at all but really really good [do it!]
4	I'm definitely a fan!  I have mixed emotions about tapas, just because I've been programmed from a young age to appreciate large portions and having small plates with small portions (though plentiful) messes with my head :)  I also think I end up spending more that way...but I think that speaks more to my issues than to Barcelona.First off, I've passed this place a million times and never eaten here.  It's conveniently located and easy to find in the Smith's shopping center.  It's much bigger inside than I imagined!  I mean, it's a modest size, but I pictured it much smaller.  We went in the late afternoon on a Saturday and it wasn't too busy.  We were seated and proceeded to order off the Happy Hour menu (half off).  Also, by checking in on Yelp, you get a free drink!  Awesome!My friend and I ordered about 7 happy hour tapas...mac n cheese, escargot, some kind of chicken dish, eggplant dish, mushroom dish...and a few other things I can't remember.  Everything was REALLY good!  Drinkwise, we went with the sangria and mojitos.  I think I enjoyed the mojito more, but both were pretty good.All in all, I don't have any complaints.  Our server was so nice and very attentive.  This place had a very comfortable and homey feel to it.  Everything seemed clean and in its place.  I do have to reinforce...tapas DO add up, especially the way my friend and I eat, so I probably would not come at any other time slot besides happy hour which is 4-7p Sun-Thurs and 4-6p Fri-Sat.
3	It is a mediocre local tapas restaurant. Great happy hour deals but at the same time, the quality of their food doesn't really make me want to pay full price. However, we do happily go there for happy hour. Please don't get me wrong. Certain things are good such as their octopus dish, tilapia meuniere and etc. If you approach this establishment as a bar with relatively good food rather than an authentic true Spanish tapas restaurant, then you would enjoy this place. I really enjoyed passion fruit mojito! It's always great to see a neighborhood restaurant doing well.
5	Food was excellent, the escargot was awesome, and the vegetable empanada killed fireflys.... This place is right by my house and i'm super pumped on how good it was....happy hour is legit....
5	The food was amazing and the service to match. The staff was attentive and helpful with any questions we had. This place will be taking more of my dollars in the future.
5	Great food and great prices. I wish the owner had a location in Los Angeles, this was hands down the best tapas restaurant I've ever been to. Tasty dishes, I will return in the future!
4	LOOOVE this place we went to Vegas for a family trip last week and we were staying at a residence that is about a block away from here and we loved the Tapas here. We loved it so much we came here twice in our 4 day trip. The pulled pork was my favorite and the ribs. A must try are the Stuffed shrimp and the papatas bravas. The sangria is bomb! we ordered 2 pitchers of it. not very strong. the waitress on the first day was amazing, very upbeat. but on our 2nd night the gentelman was very slow and very disrespectful in my opinion he would not ask if we needed anything just looked at us until we told him our order. Because of him my rating is not 5 stars.the ambiance of the resturant is casual and its lighted on the dark side. not too much light but very nice and they have screens everywhere with sports events.
5	it was a longest way to find the great food for me i took this restaurant forget about the rating and listen to my friend's recomendation. he was dead right, when we reach the place late night, it was pretty busy and great live music was playing by a solo gutarist in the corner. we sat by the bar and Moolisa the bartende was our waitress and she was lots of fun and energy for the place. We pick all our food under her rcomendation and the frist we had the short rib plate was so delicious. then she brought the sousage on the stick thing is little sweet but we enjoyed it too. the best plate was the PORK... it was so good and tasty and the meet was melting our mouth without having a bite. Also the spicy shrimps was the bomb and, the desret was very tempting.... highly recomended.!!
4	Sometimes, all you want in life is sangria. For me, this was a craving that spanned the course of three weeks. So when a friend wanted to meet up for dinner, I knew that Barcelona's happy hour was a must.From the hours of 4 to 7, happy hour is a must do. Check in on Yelp for a free glass of sangria - sweet, strong, and in quantities more than a single glass, potentially dangerous. My friend and I ordered a mass array of goodies from the happy hour menu. The vegetable empanadas ($2.75) were little fried pockets of all sorts of vegetables - pretty good but nothing fantastic. Croquetas ($2.75) were also good, only made better with the aioli on the side. Lastly, the eggplant cannelloni ($3.50) was perfectly balanced with the hearty eggplant and the tang of tomato sauce. While dessert was the last thing on my mind, we somehow got conned into ordering...wait for it, Fried Chocolate Tres Leches a la Mode (I take liberties with the word 'conned'). Sometimes you don't realize you're having a bad week until you take a bite into something so sinfully delicious. One bite of this Tres Leches and suddenly, life is better. The food is good, and the happy hour deals amazing. But the real keeper here is Edgar, the owner. He's so warm and hospitable. But be warned, warmness goes right out the door when it comes to dessert. He'll charm you into ordering things you'd never eat normally thanks to diet and a conscience. In all earnestness, he has something good going on here, and I'm happy to see this place doing well.
4	This place surprised us. The tapas were delicious and portions were bigger than most other tapas places. The steamed muscles were great and so was the lamb. Their sangria was perfect.   The service was spot on.
3	I came here on a Tuesday evening (tonight, as a matter of fact, around 6:30 pm) and must say this was NOT a happenin' joint tonight.  This is also not a trendy, hip place like that OTHER tapas place. That didn't make for an unpleasant visit, though. This place has its own charm. The decor is a bit shabby-chic, lending to a laid-back, casual atmosphere, but it's an interesting look, not a bad one. There's a slight sports pub feel due to the TVs and the wide variety of objects on the walls, which were painted dark green (at least the wall alongside my area). The booths are roomy and comfy with slightly high tables. I really liked the servers - very friendly and attentive.This is a tapas restaurant, therefore there are only a few entrees. I didn't feel like eating a bunch of little meals (ironic, huh?) so I had the pasta entree. My friend had a Groupon, which is why I happened to be invited for this outing.  My pasta dish was not bad, and neither were the fries I tried, but as there was nothing special about them I would try something different during my next visit.  The bread and butter were good, though. That butter was heavenly, as a matter of fact. I hate sweet honey butter but this butter was just right in terms of flavor, sweetness, creaminess (and the way it melted on my tongue like a dream!). My friend loved her bacon-wrapped dates and had no complaints about her mac & cheese, beef (veal?) medallions or sangria.  I was impressed that our waiter didn't give us a hard time about the Groupon, as some restaurants do.  The restaurant has its own version of a Groupon on their website, by the way.  Using that coupon would provide customers with the same discount but would not cost the restaurant as much money. I don't want to hate on Groupon, but I don't want businesses to suffer because of them. I hope you'll check out the coupon.
1	I was reluctant to try this place again because I didn't love it the first time. Supposedly this place was opened by someone who helped create the menu at Firefly, but I can attest (in my opinion) the menu here doesn't even come close to Firefly. Reason I gave this a second try was we were looking to have a cocktail in my neighborhood and not at a smoky bar, when we got there, no one was in the place. I ordered a glass of wine and the person I was person with ordered a single malt, which they don't carry, ok no big deal, in the meantime I showed our waitress my Yelp check in which displays 50% drinks, no where in the check in does it say "sangria only" which is all they will honor. We ordered 2 apps, one came out, the other never made it to the table. Again, we were the only customers in the place. When the check arrived, we noticed we had been charged for both, brought it to her attention and she replies "well I will have to have my mgr take it" and acted like it was a bother???!!! I don't foresee myself ever going back to this place and I have a couple Restaurant.com vouchers that will go unused if anyone wants them.
4	Their happy hour is now only 4-6 so be aware of that.We went on a Saturday for happy hour and had a really good time.  Its a small place and I believe the entire staff are owners or family members so they're very attentive.There were 6 of us and we each had at least 2 glasses of sangria and ordered about 10 different items, yet the bill was only $91.  Between the group we tried the calamari, meatballs, chicken piccata, chicken empenadas, stuffed mushrooms, and the banana crepe thing for dessert.  We all really enjoyed everything.  It isn't necessarily 5 star food but no one was unhappy with anything we received (not easy to do with 6 women at the table).I can't speak for regular menu items but its a really nice place for happy hour.And the sangria is *really* good.
2	I had a http://restaurants.com gift card for this place so it seemed like a great time to try it for the first time. First of all they completely "attempted" to copy Firefly without success!The service was horrible. I'm pretty sure there was only one waitress for the entire place. It was 2pm on a Tuesday when we visited so it wasn't really busy but with 5 tables they needed more help. The waitress became frustrated with our requests for water refills and just brought us a pitcher which was fine with us. Spicy shrimp was my favorite dish with great sauce.Bacon wrapped dates were super salty. The mac and cheese was really dry and lacking cheesiness.The fries were cold so we sent them back.I don't for-see another visit to Barcelona's even with a gift card!
4	The ceviche is my favorite and am only disappointed as its not part of the half price appetizer during happy hour.
5	Food and drinks are good!! Hubby had the sliders and loved it!!
4	very good!
3	We come here about once a month. We like it, but I wouldn't say it's fantastic. Both the food and the service are inconsistent - some nights they are on the ball, some nights everything is off. I have had some food here that is incredible (bananas foster) and some that's not good at all (albondigas soup). Also, they changed the recipe for the patatas bravas, I wish they'd make them the old way, they used to be great!
4	I walked in here waiting for a friend to meet me for a date night.  I have to say I'm a HUGE fan of Firefly, so they had a lot to live up to.The tapas were good, the services was attentive, and they didn't rush us out the door (which I like because I don't get to see this particular friend very often).  Atmosphere is comfortable.  The docked star is because I was 'meh' on their white sangria.  Their HH prices are great, and it was nice to sit and relax with a good friend for a bit.
4	As a fan of Rise & Shine (it's a few doors down) I decided to check Barcelona out during their 7 day happy hour. We really enjoyed it. It wasn't too crowded. The service was just right and the food was quite yummy.The goat cheese was awesome, the queso fundido was so yummy. And we really liked the empanadas.I am a huge fan of firefly so I was really excited to find a place that was just as good and maybe even better.
4	I do have to agree with another poster.  I have a pet peeve against places that don't have a "must come back again" item on their menu.  I crave those goat cheese balls constantly, but this place is no where near me and the friend who invited me there no longer lives nearby either.  I have to say I also miss Baba Reeba's sangria, but remember this places being pretty good....but those goat cheese balls.  Damn them, lol!
3	I like Barcelona.  I think it was a nice addition to the Southern Highlands plaza.  I've been here several times: date nights, birthday parties, etc. etc.As far as food goes, the food is very comparable to Fireflys; however, I think the sangria is just a touch better.  I prefer both the white and red sangria at Barcelona over Firefly's.  I recommend coming here during happy hour (4p-6p & 10p-12a) so you can get more food and drinks for less!  Just keep in mind that not all their tapas and drinks are discounted though.  But who doesn't like happy hour?The pan fried dates are a MUST.  Seriously, you can never go wrong with these.  The paella (entree) is also really good.  It does take about 30-45 minutes to make though, so just be aware of that before you order it.They used to have a printable coupon on their website that was awesome, but alas, it's not available anymore. :( If you haven't tried tapas before or you're looking for an alternative to Firefly, I would recommend going to Barcelona.  It's good, not great, but good.
3	Here for the Banana Foster Crepes!!!But, since we were hungry we give few of their menu items a try, some of them even two tries :)I don't really remember the other dishes we tried, but the Baqueron's was to die for.Even with my husband not being a big artichoke fan, we order it twice! It's just the perfect little serving, a great tapas for just $6.50, with sweet white anchovies, red peppers,artichoke and black olives!I think I could live on this dish and the Bananas foster crepes for the rest of my life! I'm giving it 3* because of their service...it wasn't very busy, so the server took his time to entertain his friends on a table rig next to ours...thank God somebody who looked like a manager stop by to ask us if we would like anything else...We'll probably return, if we could get a better server thou...
5	Love this place! I have been coming here since they opened and will still be coming back cause everyone are friendly and so is the owner. He will go out of his way to come to your table and say hi!! :) food is great!!!!
2	Well I do hate leaving a bad review on a place with such nice staff and warm and friendly owner but unfortunately a restaurant needs to be more than just a bunch friendly nice people. The quality of the food has got to follow. As much as I really wanted to like the food and was hoping that this place could be a good alternative to Firefly, it just was not. Overall the food was bland, low quality ingredients and clearly nothing is homemade. The worst were the meatballs, avoid them at all costs. They were hard as a rock and no taste. Clearly pre-maid, frozen and re-heated in the microwave (I am single, I know what those taste like!). Second to worst was the manchego and bacon mac&cheese. I had this before in other tapas places and it is a party in your mouth. This one was bland and floury. Not sure how they screwed this one up. Also as one would expect portions are small, it is a tapas place. I have no issue with small portion but it needs to burst with flavor.  On a good note, the bacon wrapped dates are good. Don't think I will be going back but if I do, I will stick to the sangria and the dates.
5	One of my absolutely favorite places in the city to take people!  Happy hour is extremely generous, food is Firefly-ish but 10 times better and the people are not as pretentious, though it is not unusual to see nothing but bmw/mercedes in the parking lot.  The experience is very comfortable, the owner works nearly 7 days a week to make sure that his baby is a pleasure to come and relax in.  I would say it's a lot like a lounge with MUCH better food!  And I'm sorry to all the band-wagon people out there, but BARCELONA MAKES BETTER SANGRIA THAN FIREFLY HAHAHAHAHA!!!! Oh YES I did!
5	We have been going to their happy hour alot... it is really yummy and tapas range from $2-$4 and the beer is $1... so a really good deal on happy hour... Everyday from 4-6pm!
4	Great food and drinks here. Its a great place to just come and chill if you wanna have a relaxed night. At the end of the night they pulled out karaoke and a ping pong table. It was awesome.For my first review, I had to mention this place first. Good food and good service.
5	Tried the steamed clams, diablo shrimp, and Filet mignon medallions. all were so flavorful, and went nicely with a side of rice. A pitcher of Rasberry mojito was shared between my friend and I. Service was superb and it got pretty busy. Compliments to the chef!
4	Best time to go is during Happy Hour, the best price for the food items, as I don't think full price would get the same reviews:Chicken Piccatta - Sauce was very yummyEmpanada Pork or Beef - Very dry shell, however the food inside was greatBruschetta - To dye for, however needs to come with more breadSteak sKewers - Great flavorMac n Cheese - Hit the spotDrinks  - Too strong of a pour, shouldn't be still tasting the drink the next day.
1	The only thing worse than the service is the food. It had to be the first time the server had ever taken an order.  He couldn't figure out some simple requests so the manager came and apologized and then started criticizing the server to us. The manager forgot two things from our order, brought half the tables food out 10 minutes before the other half AND forgot one whole meal all together (there was four of us). The penne pasta's sauce was literally water, no joke. The hash browns were as white as the plate. The only good thing they did was comp us when we got up to walk out
1	On first impression, this is the kind of place that appears to be trying too hard to be authentic. The decor appears to have come from Hobby Lobby or Dollar Tree. It's a lazy interpretation of Barcelona life. The restrooms were a travesty. The trash can, faucets and porcelain were worn, fingerprinted and unclean. There was also a bowl of sea salt scrub that was intended for customers to use. Because it was sitting next to the toilet, I passed. The food was decent. Nothing to rave about, but not disappointing. Good flavors and there was cartridge mixed in with my chicken taco. Tasty, if you're into that. The staff was super nice, but slow for a lazy Thursday afternoon.
5	Stopped here on the way out of town, I was just hungry and looked for something to eat. I am so glad I did, it's a great place.
5	Always A+ service and the food is almost as unbelievable as the price! My favorite place to eat in my 'hood!
5	The food gods have delivered the best of best in spanish style Tapas. Monday and Tuesday makes even better with half price bottle wines. The goat cheese balls are my favorite, and ask chef and owner Edgar to make you something special and your taste buds will go nuts
4	On our first visit, we tried the different tapas' on their happy hour menu and were not really impressed.We came back last Sunday since I was craving for Paellla and it was a wonderful surprise that the food quality was totally different. We ordered Paella, Camarones Al Ajillo and Brochettas De Pollo and they were all good. The Camarones Al Ajillo I say is a must try. My bf almost licked the plate!We will be back!
5	Excellent food, the music is nice and good service.  Small tasty plates!
4	We have never had tapas before, so we decided to try this place.  We ordered fried goat cheese balls, calamari, chorizo stuffed mushrooms, lamb sausage with quinoa, and fried lamb chops with quinoa.  Everything was delicious.  My only complaint would be that the lamb chops were tiny.  They were about one bite each ( you get two).  For $11, I think I should get more than 2 bites.
5	Love this place! Great drinks, great food, great atmosphere for both family and date night. One of my favorites in LV!
3	I'm going to have to agree with some previous reviews that the best time to go is during happy hour. The tapas available were pretty good and the price was excellent. By the time we left, we were full and the bill wasn't bad.  However, the service was definitely lacking. Our server was a little rude and seemed to only be friendly with other people that showed up and appeared to be regulars. One good thing was that the place wasn't busy when we showed up and the food came out quick.
3	Our server was very good! The Mac n cheese was fantastic!! I would asking recommend the shrimp diablo! We had the bananas foster was good!
3	Good variety of small portions (i.e. "tapas").    Happy Hour a definite bargain.   One server (bald fellow with black-framed glasses kept complaining about his boss to us; not the best of judgement.   Then he tried to sell us a bottle of wine at a discount because he did not get a raise (I guess he would keep the profit).   Anyway, if you don't get Baldy, will be a good experience.
4	Went last week with a friend from out of town. I had bought a Groupon and was delighted. The service was great. Marco was our waiter and he made all of our selections. The owner came out and also spoke with us since we were new. The food was outstanding and the atmosphere was very nice. The place kept getting busier so I am not alone is saying this is great value for the quality of  food and it is now a regular spot for us.
4	I've been here back when it first opened and wasn't impressed.  The food was good but the service was lacking----big time.  You get seated and no one when come to offer you water or take your drink order for like 15 minutes.  With that being said, I am soooooooo thankful my good friend got me to come back late last year.  Total 360 in the service.  Not to mention the food comes out a good pace then it used too.  Our favorites are the panned fried bacon wrapped dates, fried goat cheese, Vegetable Empanadas, and the chicken tacos.   Their sangria and martini's are also good.  It doesn't get super crowded and loud so it's a good place to hit up with friends and even family.
5	Food is great, prices are great, service is great!
3	First time here and already off to a bad start. 5 min without any greeting from anyone. No hostess up in front and I believe only one guy runnin the whole show. The food is what pretty much saved this review. The food was good but service and experience is also the big part of a restaurant
4	A good place to go for tacos and drinks!
1	Went on the website and it said it opens at 11am. Checked yelp it says 1130, had a groupon for this place waited more than 30 min no one checked on us. Guy comes out doesn't even acknowledge us and leaves continues talking with his friend. Terrible service!!
4	Its been awhile since I ate here, then I realized I didn't even review this place yet.  For me, this is conveniently located in my neighborhood, Southern Highlands.  I've been coming here usually to partake in their super awesome happy hour during game time.  Oh you can't miss the big sign that shows off their $1 PBR specials either.  We finally came in to dine for their brunch.  We heard from a friend that their breakfast is a must try...mmmm hmmmm it sure is.  Only on Saturday and Sunday from 10a-1pm.We tried the Barcelona Benedict $6 and Chorizo Hash $6 roasted potatoes with chorizo and roasted tomato poached egg then we couldn't resist and added the escargot and banana pancakes...lol yes odd combinations.  The Benedict is a homemade turkey patty, topped with your poached egg and roasted pepper topped with hollandaise sauce.  I think if there was spinach added to it, it would be even better...but that's just my taste buds.  Since the hubs had that I went for the chorizo hash.  Oooooooh weeee, that was a combination of deliciousness.  It's served in a hot plate of melted goodness.  Then on to escargot. Save your bread and dip that in the garlic butter mushroom sauce of the escargot.  They are not shy on giving you a lot of escargot.  When it comes out and served to your table, other patron will say, "what's that smell?"  Lastly, the banana pancakes.  I'll tell you why this is a must try.  First dessert for breakfast is awesome.  Second, The syrup topping is their banana foster syrup....need I say more?  Service was awesome, Kelli was an awesome host.  We enjoyed everything we even reserved for Super Bowl!
5	Attentive service, great happy hour prices , and great tasting food. Blood Orange mojitos are a must try!
1	I have eaten at this restaurants numerous times. More so when they first opened, I believe it was around 2009. At first I really liked it. My husband and I used to go at least once a week! We loved the bartender, Melissa who I might add is no longer with them. I feel that I never reviewed this place for that reason, because we just really enjoyed her service, even after numerous bad meals there.  I've had meals there that were hit or miss. The food is extremely inconsistent. You have a dish you love, like their Tilapia, for instance was great the last few times I ate there the sauce was different, and the tilapia was so way overlooked. The last straw for my husband was when on Fathers Day last year they had a prime rib or ribeye special, can't remember which. My husband asked the weight, again don't remember if they said 12 or 16 ounces. It was so shady and sneaky, it couldn't be more than 4 and a half ounces! The shady part is this, it was cut very very thin and at a strange angle. It looked like perhaps the rest of this tiny piece of meat was under the mashed potatoes it was served with. My husband lifted up the potatoes and there was nothing there! They cut it slanted and made it appear that the rest of the meat was under the potatoes. If we didn't look, we couldn't prove that this was not the size that said. So sneaky, so much lack of respect for their customers, not to mention we were regulars! Our server was so embarrassed and apologetic. On the top of it it was Father's Day! He was so upset he did not order anything else or has yet to return. My dumb ass have given them so many more chances and wasted to much meals there. My wonderful drinks by Melissa kept me going for their mediocre food, but not since this past Saturday, February 8th, was my meal so horrible! Stuffed mushrooms tasteless, served cold in the middle and just a funny texture. My 7 year old said Barcelona Tapas made her hate mushrooms! She said the best thing was the sprite. The ribs although very tender and fell off the bone outrageously sweet, it was a pile of meat and bones and pieces of bone mixed in the meat.  We ordered a filet, which was not a filet, it was chewy, had weird bristle and we  ordered medium rare, it was medium well. So 10 dollars for crap! It was a horrible mistake to eat there and we ruined our Saturday night by choosing Barcelona Tapas. Yeah, don't recommend at all.
2	Came here awhile back and haven't gotten around to writing a review till now. I was NOT a fan. Moment i walked in I stood there for awhile feeling like an idiot cause no one greeted me or showed me where to sit. My boyfriend and I eventually just picked a spot and waited for a server to flag down. Eventually an older gentleman with an accent came up to us and gave us menus. I ordered a pitcher of white sangria. It wasn't bad but it wasn't very good either. To be honest, the food was completely un-memorable that I forgot everything we had ordered. I just remember being excited for the bacon wrapped dates because I love them over at Firefly. Well it was not like Firefly's dates. They were soggy and incredibly salty. The server also never came back again and when he eventually did come around to give us our check, it looked like he was in the middle of eating something. I quickly paid and got the hell out of there. I haven't been back since and I probably never will. If they fixed their customer service and cleaned up their dishes a bit, they could probably do well. I guess I'll never know.
4	The atmosphere was very comfortable and the food was delicious. I went in for a quick lunch, but I realized that others had the same idea! One server and the owner out on the floor hence my reason for 4 stars. Both exceptionally friendly and hard-working but maybe one more server would have been nice. Nonetheless, the food was fabulous and the spicy butter for the bread was ridiculous! So much flavor! Will return for sure, with more time to spare and a designated driver for those mojitos and sangria.
4	Really, really underrated neighborhood spot, and worth the drive from anywhere in the valley.  Concise menu of traditional Spanish tapas, done better than the other guys.  If you like the dates and the tortilla espanola at Firefly, wait until you try these.  If there were more meat options on the menu, it would be an easy five stars.  Now doing live music on Thursday nights, half off wine bottles on Mondays and Tuesdays.  They recently started a weekend brunch menu, which is stupid cheap ($6 for a full order of eggs benedict!) - the bananas foster french toast is a must try.  The real star here is the bar manager, Kelly, who is always working on some crazy concoction.  Last time we were in he whipped up a serrano-cucumber margarita for us, which was delicious.  Try it.  You won't be sorry.
4	Excellent food. I have been here quite a few times because it's close to my house. Very good prices at happy hour. I am usually watching my diet, so I might only drop by and have a drink or two most of the times that I come here. Dogfish Head Indian Brown on draft is my drink of choice.  But for dinner on a date night, it's a great place.
5	This restaurant is located in a nice southern highlands shopping center. I have passed it up before due to the yelp reviews but my boyfriend and I bought a groupon so we decided to try it. We were immediately greeted. When we sat down, our drink orders were taken right away. My boyfriend had a $5 draft beer, he was happy with the reasonable price. We ordered a variety of tapas, we had the mac&cheese, the stuffed peppers, the bacon wrapped dates, the sausage, spicy shrimp, and some ham and cheese croquettes. Everything was delicious! The spicy shrimp was my favorite, but the dates were a close second.I would recommend this place to anyone who likes to try a little bit of everything on the menu.  :)The service was really great and the food was even better!
2	We had lunch here yesterday, March 12th.  It was very disappointing, especially for the price paid.  My husband and I each ordered 2 small plates of tapas and each had one glass of sangria.  Our lunch bill, not including the tip, was $60!!!!!  The sangria did not even have chopped fruit in it, as did every other glass of sangria I had ever purchased at other restaurants. Sixty plus dollars was an outrageous price to pay for lunch.  We will not be back.  Las Vegas has too many other places to try.  We were excited, as Barcelona is just blocks from my son's house in Southern Highlands.  He had given this restaurant a few tries.  He said he will not be back either.
5	Delicious! The food was excellent and quick. Perfect portions. The staff was fantastic! Super attentive and nice. We loved the music and large seating. Came here originally to use a groupon, ended up getting happy hour and saving the groupon for later because we will be back!! We tried the calamari, tomato bruschetta, Mac & Cheese,  ravioli and stuff mushrooms OMG!! All yummy
4	This is a convenient local spot for us with the variety of tapas. The salami banderas is my fav app dish, if you crave something with a little kick. Usually they have $1 PBR drafts but that was replaced with Rolling Rock not bad but I was trying to get my hipster on.          The salami was great and the calamari was good but a little firm. I ordered the pork tacos which were a little more bland this time, should have grabbed the fish tacos which has a spicier sauce and slaw. My buddies ordered the sliders and had no complaints. Service was great this time on a fairly slow day, improvement from past visits.          It's a unique place for Southern Highlands with some really great dishes that offer a real variety compared to local bar foods. 4 out of 5.
2	Food was OK, not well paired. Overpriced for the amount you get. Will not be coming back.
2	Food is amazing!!!  I would have given this place 5 stars if they had better service,  five of us were there for brunch one of the orders was wrong, the price of one item was more than what the menu said and they didn't split the bill like we asked them to at the beginning.  I would definitely go back because the food amazing.  Food makes up for the poor service.
5	We made the reservations for my mom's birthday a month ago from Chicago. The menu we chose was excellent.  The food was excellent.  The location south of the strip, but honestly,  I can say it was worth the drive. I look forward to dining there when I'm back in town.
5	Great great great!!! Service food everything was amazing.... Filet medallions, dates, the bread is awesome too me an my gf love this place! Great prices
4	So I would have added some photos- but I ate and drank it all before the thought occurred to me! Anybody that knows tapas in Vegas knows about Firefly- this place is very comparable.  Though slightly pricier, Barcelona offers many of the same dishes that I frequent when I dine at Firefly: stuffed dates, camarones al ajillo and a la diabla, manchego mac 'n  cheese... Their Red Sangria is good, but I have to admit that I do prefer Firefly's.  But the best part- they're so much closer than Firefly (if you live in the Southern Highlands vicinity, that is)!  The staff has always been friendly and prompt each time I've come.  They have a full service bar, and a couple of TVs that always have some game on.  I'd definitely recommend this place for casual dining- lunch or dinner.
5	We wanted a nice convenient spot with good food, draft beer and decent service [sad that that's not easy to find but I digress]. We'd never been to Barcelona but decided to give it a try. Wow, we've been missing out on a local gem. I had no idea this was a chef owned restaurant, I would have tried it sooner! Friendly, quick service, reasonably priced draft beer and outstanding food. As I sipped my $5 Blue Moon and pondered the menu Viktor brought us some warm toasted bread with honey butter and warm humus (yum). I was already impressed. We wanted to be a little healthy so we had the house salad which is a nice mix of fresh greens, apples, candied walnuts and just the right amount of bleu cheese. Very nice. We also had the bruschetta, chicken tacos (excellent), and shrimp ceviche (best I've ever had, and I've eaten at some fancy celebrity chefs tapas spots on the Strip). Next time I want to try the chicken skewers, the homemade humus and feta, and stuffed piquillo peppers...hopefully that still leaves room for the shrimp ceviche. Don't hesitate to give this little local gem a try.
4	Great local spot for tapas & sangria. I live around the corner so this is one my family's favorite spots. The Mac & cheese & chorizo stuffed mushrooms are some of our faves. I personally love their fish tacos & sliders. Good for families, happy hour with friends or date night. Every table gives you privacy but also allows you to enjoy the live musical entertainment on the weekends.
3	I went to this place hoping for some wonderful tasty taps but I was a but disappointed only because it seems to me like they use the same sauce on most of there dishes. I had order the meatballs and stuffed mushrooms and my hubby order the mussels and they all tasted very similar with the same mild red sauce. It was mediocre food but a great happy hour price. We also had the red sangria I strongly suggest not to order it here its like red cheap wine with some simple syrup and fruit juice. But food was prompt and service was on point .
5	Their fish tacos & chorizo stuffed mushrooms are my favorite dishes!!! The fish tacos are little breaded fried piece of white fish. The coating is so light and flaky. It has a siracha sour cream sauce with a cabbage slaw. Their French fries are awesome too. The service is always on point but can get a little crowded Friday & Saturday nights.
2	Food is not good, that's basically it. Atmosphere is kind of dark, not comfortable. Service is not great but not bad...I'd probably give it a 3. Back to the food...it just doesn't taste good, it's prepared in a ton of grease and the presentation is not attractive. I stopped going here although I live close by. If my boyfriend ever wants to go which is almost never except there's not much else in the area so sometimes he gives in, I just sit idly by why he eats because I'd rather go to sleep hungry.
2	I have been here about 6 times and the food has gone downhill with every visit. What a shame, as this place use to be good. The only recommendations I have is the bacon wrapped dates, and the complimentary bread with the butter spreads.  Everything else...meh!! On my last visit, a few months back, I sat at the bar to enjoy a little video poker with a glass of red sangria and some bacon dates, after a long day at work. I did not feel relaxed, as the waiter would not leave me alone because I was not interested in ordering a full meal. After I was done, I cashed out but it was such an ordeal to get my money. They had to call 2 people over, just to give me $12 bucks!! One would think that I had hit a jackpot!! That made me feel uncomfortable.  I would have stayed longer, but the waiter was constantly glancing at my poker playing, and you could tell he wanted to voice his two cents with just about every move I would make with the cards I would keep!! Ugh!! Plus they have weird rules and policies written on a piece of paper tapped by the video machines. Not going back for gaming...that's for sure!! Or the food...
4	Convenient restaurant in Southern Highlands. We tried several things and they were all good. The salami skewers were yummy, and so were the stuffed mini peppers.
2	Yes, Hostess, there is only one of me, dining alone, gasp! Like I don't feel like a loser enough.  Then make sure the rest of the staff ignores me. (Seriously, what's up with such shitty service in this alleged service-oriented town?) That's great. Perhaps find a better way to greet and treat all your guests.The food I've tried on multiple occasions has been really good. This visit, I would have ordered more if anyone had bothered to check on me. (The brunch selections are more straight outta Waffle House, and the bloody Mary, while nice and spicy, is the size of a Dixie cup.)Other: The "hummus" is gross... Like pureed northern beans. Too bad sports are blaring from the multiple TVs...ruins the ambiance, no way to escape them. It would also be nice to spruce up your patio with flower boxes instead of ugly banners and signs. I wish there was a more affordable, perhaps half order, of ceviche. And I know this part of town is the end of the universe, but a tapas place that closes at 11? In Barcelona, they wouldn't even think of starting dinner until about then!Be sure to read the "not recommended" reviews too. I don't think l will be coming back, despite the lack of options down here.
5	I have never been disappointed by this restaurant and always have great food and service. The pan fried dates are my favorite and the fried goat cheese is awesome. We tried their brunch today and again, we were not disappointed. The French toast was great, it wasn't to heavy and overly sweet like some places, and the breakfast potatoes were delicious. We ordered the steak but the owner explained that he couldn't get the quality of steaks he wanted so he didn't get them. We got the ham instead and that was fine with us.
5	really enjoy this place....great service and the wide variety ensures something for everyone...good or great food is a matter of taste, but to me certain of their dishes are simply sublime!
5	The perfect place for me and lil cub to have a date night. From the moment we walked in and were seated we never went without drinks or something to nibble on. This goes a long way in my book.We had the Mac n cheese, Barcelona fries and the sliders. Followed by the chocolate tres lechwe a la mode. Each dish was done perfectly. The Mac n cheese had bacon bits. The fries have Parmesan and garlic and come in a fun retro cone. The sliders are topped with grilled cherry tomatoes. Portions were great and priced very reasonably. We'll certainly be eating here again.
4	Happy hour was great! And the fried goat cheese is a must have. Servers were really nice and service was speedy. Meatballs were dry and not flavorful
5	The quality of staff here is unsurmountable.  This place has a lovely atmosphere, I can take any number of my colleagues here and have an impeccable time. The quality and flavors of the food have never let me down in the 20+ times I have dined here.Their home made sangria is to die for, I always chose the red.During happy hour is my favorite time to go as it is lively inside yet still we have our personal space. I look forward to more locations opening in town.  Favorite dish has to be pan fried dates and absolutely the sauteed mushrooms. (Even if you dont like mushrooms you MUST try these!)Namaste'
4	This place just took us back to our days living in southern Spain! The tapas were all super delicious and the staff here is so warm and friendly.  If you want a little taste of Spain in a nice ambient atmosphere for a fair price this is the place to come. Next time we are in Vegas we will definitely come here again.  *Be sure to check Groupon to see if they have any deals available. We got a pretty good deal on our food BC of this.  Enjoy! :)
5	Food was excellent and fast lots of great choices Service was very friendly and on top of things
3	I am horrified by the service I received here on Labor Day weekend. The young, brunette, female bartender ignored us at the hightop table 3 times and no one else came over to us so we could even express our frustration, so we had to call and complain after we left. The only reason I didn't give 2 stars is because Melissa the bartender is so sweet and the food/sangria is pretty decent on my previous visits. Overall if Melissa is not working and I'm not at the bar, I won't come back here. Skip it and go to Firefly.
1	Not a fan.  This place has a musty smell when you walk in, until you get to the bar. Then, it smells like a dirty bar mat that needs to be cleaned.  The barstools are also very uncomfortable.  Leaving forward and made me feel like I was going to fall out of it.  It was pretty unpleasant so we left without ordering any food therefore I cannot speak to the food quality.
3	First time coming here. The food and atmosphere is great. But I was not impressed with the server. I told our server this was our first time here and never tried paella. So she told us to order that first, which the paella was great. But the server forgot to come back to take the rest of our order for our part (kids). That was annoying because our kids were hungry and it was taking forever. Let's just say we pretty much finished our paella and the sever has not came by it place our order.
5	Amazing selection and quality of food. So many amazing items to choose from. Some of my personal favorites are the pan seared dates wrapped in bacon, the fish tacos, the filet mignion medallions, and the garlic shrimp. Still trying new ones each time I go!The service and atmosphere is great!  The entire team loves to engage with the customers. The Spanish decor, music, and restaurant styling makes it a wonderful restaurant to relax and enjoy your time with whoever you bring along. It's one of my favorite places in Las Vegas to be.
2	Good food but DON'T hire them to cater an event. They have no idea what they're doing. Terrible.
5	Probably one of the most amazing restaurants I've been to in a long time. Starting with the service:1) Server victor was amazing! Super nice had some great recommendations. Everything he recommended was delicious. 2) the chef was tremendously nice as well he greeted us made sure we were satisfied with our meal. They also presented us with the happy hour menu which was great prices. I will be back and will be recommending all family members n co-workers. If your considering coming here don't hesitate servers, owners, chef rock a must visit restaurant!!!
5	Bartender was our waiter, he was super friendly and makes great food suggestions! We had the clams, YUM! And the stuffed dates of course, also YUM! Sangria kinda blah, but the beer was cold and good selection.
5	I love this place. If you like spicy..you have to get the shrimp diablo. Just make sure you dip the free bread in the juice. You will not regret it.
4	Updated from my earlier review:You're right, Edgar, the only thing you did wrong was to allow Gabriel Guel to represent himself as your business. Hopefully you've corrected that now.
5	My girlfriend an I frequently eat and drink here at Barcelona and every time,  it's off the hook!!! The staff is incredible, especially our favorite guy Luis. He introduced us to their specialty margaritas and our favorite is the mango jalapeno margarita. Pair that with the camarones a la diabla (spicy shrimp) and you are in for a treat! If you can take the heat that is.  Don't forget,  every Friday night they have amazing live music to add to an already fantastic dining experience.  But don't just take my word for it,  go see for yourself!
2	Was very disappointed. We have frequented this restaurant before and decided to go for date night. Food came out way to fast and tasted like it was from old supply. Chicken was rubbery,meatballs not done,bacon dates tasted mushy. So sad we will not be coming back.
4	The happy hour here is amazing you can't get any cheeper .. Service here is great a small town feel .. I would highly recommend this for all.
4	Know in advance that this is more a Mexican/Spanish fusion tapas restaurant.Food: Quality is good but prices may be high.  Go for value dishes, otherwise price mounts quickly.  Baja Fish Tacos and the Bacon-wrapped Dates were excellent. Service:  Staff was attentive and the Chef greeted us which was a nice touch.Atmosphere:  Quiet, restaurant may be more lively for dinners though.
5	Another great night at Barcelona.  Got a great recommendation from Edgar the owner pairing a white wine with the fried goat cheese. We also always recommend the spicy shrimp with the mango jalapeno margaritas!  Everyone needs to stop by and check out their amazing food and drinks and of course the amazing staff!
3	Cute place, food is very similar to firefly (without the salmonella). Sorry but I was a huge fan of firefly, and this place has identical dishes. Of course I tried their sangria as well and it was really flavorful and strong. I loved it. Also went here for a happy hour and they have a good variety for drinks and food specials ranging between $2-3 for some dishes. The staff is slow to come to the table, but if you sit closer to the bar it seemed faster.
5	Having lived in the area for a few months, finally took an opportunity to stop in here the other night.3 words:  Uh-May-Zing!  Sat at the bar with our group of 3 and ordered some sangria and other cocktails.  We munched on several different tapas that were on the menu.  None to disappoint!  Everything was delicious!  The atmosphere was fun on a Friday night, great service, very friendly bartender.  Not sure what else I would have asked for besides a massage or some free play (video poker...I know someone strayed there...).Ultimately this place solidifies my decision to move into this area even further.  What a great little neighborhood spot!  I plan to become a regular!
