4	We had planned to go to the Rio's Seafood Buffet however they were closed for remodeling until Mar 2008.  My brother recommended Hush Puppy.  We had the best all you can eat Crab legs you can get.  We had been to Alaska last year and the crab was just as sweet.  This place is  a large hole in the wall and  many of the local people show up and eat here (good sign)  All you can eat catfish was also good and the price wasn't  high.  I will go again but check ahead of time see which day they will be serving the all you can eat crab.  Other fixings ok but you are going for the crab.  Ribs not that good but why order ribs here anyway.  My Mom had Salmon said it was light and good.  We went to the one on Carleston (15 minutes from strip). Also have drive thru.
4	Wow...this place will sure make your puppy go..goo goo ga gaLove the food....all u can eat salad bar, great quality & quantity juicy snow crab, scrumptious fried oyster, and flavorful ribs with meat fallin' off the bone.  The menu changes daily like all you can eat crab on monday etc.  Your belly will sure be satisfied and stuffed....just plain yum.  If you're feelin' adventurous...try alligator or frog.  Maybe on my next trip.The decor is southern meet bamboo country style.  Your server is very friendly.  Did I also mention...very reasonable pricing.Whenever you're bored.....of course you're in Vegas so hit the slots inside the restaurant.I will definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	This place been around for ... darn many years.I only went there for Monday night All-you-can-eat-king-crab-legs-special :)Monday plan is:1. Light breakfast2. Veeeerry light lunch3. 5PM - get to Hush Puppy4. Munch on their excellent Cole Slaw and Hush Puppies5. Plate of crab legs - Plate of crab legs- Plate of crab legs ..... Plate of crab legs ... no I can't eat anymore ... plate of crab legs.6. Loosen up belt buckle7. Wash your crab stinky hands8. Stop by Big Dogs brewery right down the street and have a microbrew ... repeat if you can.9. Skip breakfast and lunch next day :)You can order from the menu of course ... but we never really bothered. Bottom line: for how much crab we ate this place was probably taking loss on us :). Forget casino seafood buffet - concentrate on the good stuff.
3	a little inattentive forgot our fries & slaw but kept the crab legs coming-very friendlyall-u-can-eat crab what more do you need!! hot-fresh & oh so tasty!!everything is good here!! didn't get any salad, fries or cole slawany place that has all-u-can-eat crab is alright by me!!only $24.95 per person every monday night!!usually much better service
2	The Hush Puppy has a sad looking dog on the front of their restaurant which I think is appropriate, I felt like that puppy looks when I left the restaurant last night. I met my girlfriend and her mom there for mom's birthday last night (Happy Birthday!!) as they like the Thursday night all you can eat seafood special. I've been suspicious of the Hush Puppy for several reasons, shady area, "southern food" in Nevada, and most telling a never quite full parking lot when I go by. Still I gave it a shot because there are plausible reasons why a good or even great restaurant my experience any one if not all of these things. Unfortunately that wasn't the case as I saw it last night. The restaurant it's self has been at this location for many years and it's age is showing; faded paint, outdated fixtures and furniture, it almost had a depressing feel to be honest. We waited a few minutes at the register as there was no hostess or sign inviting us to seat ourselves. Not a big deal but as the place wasn't that busy I questioned why we had to wait at all. We placed a drink order straight away and were told to help ourselves to the salad bar and hush puppies at the table. The salad bar was marginal at best, few topping options and the cherry tomato's were a bit old but not too bad. I did like the coleslaw. The hush puppies at the table were not at all what I had expected, about the size of a my little finger and oval in shape they had no flavor and I quickly put them to the side; I've had some delightful hush puppies in the past with chopped onions and seasoning. Fortunately we didn't have to wait too long for our meal to arrive, the all you can eat seafood included fried butterfly shrimp, cocktail shrimp, clam strips, deep fried oysters, and fried catfish (really seafood?) with a side of french fries I nibbled but left to the side as to focus on the seafood. With the exception of the clam strips which I found tough and gamy I liked everything on the plate. While surprised having catfish in a seafood special it was good, I liked the butterfly shrimp the best. The food as definitely the best part of my experience which is why I gave it two stars. I was very disappointed at the service, there were maybe four tables in our section, not an overwhelming prospect for a waitress I would think yet ours spent more time in the kitchen. My water was empty shortly after our plates arrived and I didn't get a refill for nearly 10 minutes, unacceptable. If you must have "southern cooking" in Las Vegas and have nowhere else to go I suppose you could give them a try as other guests have given favorable reviews but I wouldn't recommend it. I certainly won't be going back on my own.
3	First, this is by no means a "seafood" restaurant.  It's not the restaurant's fault that someone put it in that category.  Just the same, if you go to this restaurant looking for fish that come from the sea, you'll be highly disappointed. This restaurant has Louisiana style food.  I had an alligator/frog leg combo for about $12.95.  The portions were fair, and the alligator was as good as any I had while briefly living in Louisiana.  It came with a basket full of hushpuppies, and they were good.  The salad bar was included, with cole slaw the star of the show there.  My wife had blackened catfish with a baked potato and broccoli.  She's a little weird (maybe not weird, physically fit?) and complains about the butter flavor on the broccoli.  That's a plus in my book.  I tasted some of her dish, and I'd say it was just "okay".  She had ample portions, so if you want to be full on a catfish meal for about $12.50, this may be your place.For the superhungry, they do offer "all you can eat" deals.
4	As you might suspect The Hush Puppy on Nellis Blvd has been around for a LONG time. How can I attest to that fact? I vividly remember having a temper tantrum as a child (probably 5 years old) near the salad bar. Rolling around on the floor tantrum, as in my mother spanked me in public tantrum (hello 80s!). Anyway, I am now 27 years old and have been to The Hush Puppy on numerous occasions. Basically this is a southern-style fish restaurant. A majority of the seafood (and alligator) are fried. Fried clam strips, fried shrimp, fried catfish, etc. If you're looking for more of the "grilled" fresh from the sea type stuff you are going to the wrong place. I've tried just about everything here, but my faves are definitely the all you can eat crab legs, the catfish, and the clam strips. I friggin love clam strips, I don't know why, but I do. ALSO - don't forget the hush puppies here. I personally think they could use a bit more flavor, but when you put their sweet butter on them they turn into delectable little treats. The salad bar is meager at best, but I doubt you're really coming here to fill up on salad.As for the ambiance - service can be hit or miss. I know I've come here with my family before and been just irritated with the lackluster service, but then other times when the service was great. Unfortunately I think that just comes with the territory of the place. It is not fine dining, so the servers are just going to be a draw for ya.I assume some people would be turned off by the location, it is a bit desolate, but most of the time when the place is hopping the parking lot is full. It's old, yes. But it's a great place to get your fishy/southern munch on.
5	The fried catfish here is so good. I wish they would bring back the all you can crab legs on Monday.
4	I grew up in Texas and spent some time in Louisiana and this place really brings back childhood memories. It features southern cooking which means just about everything is either fried or cooked in bacon fat. The food is really tasty, but this place is NOT for the health conscious. I had the fried alligator and collard greens which were just as goods those I use to get in Louisiana. The salad bar has an ok selection, but they need pickled okra to make the southern feeling complete. We came in with a fairly large party, about 7 of us in all and our server was fun and efficient. Our glasses were never empty and she made sure we were never wanting for hush puppies with sweetened butter.
5	This place has some of the best catfish in Las Vegas.  You can eat in or go through the drive through although the menus vary a little.  There is more variety inside and you can eat the salad bar.  The catfish is battered in a cornmeal batter.  I recommend the fried oysters although on my latest visit I was a little disappointed that they price of (6) had gone from $3.99 to $4.99 I assume because of hurricanes, flooding, or drought.   I am happy to report that over the years they have greatly improved the fries and they are very good.  The fried shrimp is passable, but are breaded before begin frozen.  The hush puppies are always great although better when eating inside since I always forget to ask for a side of honey butter which is free inside, but  costs money for take-out.  Another reason to eat inside is you can get the all you can eat specials or the standard catfish deal.Additional compliment:  Their fries have greatly improved over the years.  They used to be the worst, but now they are pretty awesome.  They are perhaps the best French fries in Las Vegas.  I like them better than any fast food fries.
4	I've been to this restaurant several years ago and I went again last night with my girlfriend and dad.  We had to wait a few minutes because the place was slammed with customers.  Truthfully...there are only two waiters a dishwasher and the cook so if you order it may be awhile especially if you go between 5 and 7 pm.Besides that the food is southern fried and the catfish is is the bomb.  I didn't like the shrimp too much it tasted a little different.  The tea is super sweet just I like it.  There's not much to choose from on the salad bar but it will hold you over till the main course gets there.  Give it a try!
2	The food was mediocre.  Husband ordered a combination platter specifically to get some gator.  He received his plate with no gator.  When he questioned where his gator was, he was told that they were out of gator.  Um, hello? Why wouldn't they inform him of that when he ordered it?  The manager said that they wouldn't be getting any gator until the end of the month (this was mid-month) so it's not like they suddenly ran out.  Our waitress was nice but so new that every time we asked a question, she had to leave us to go find out the answer.  Made for very slow service.
1	This place was pretty disgusting. The only thing I could recommend is the gumbo, Other than that the food was bad. The shrimp was probably Tyson brand, at least it taste like it. My sis asked for fried chicken, waitress said they don't have the ability to do any frying. The waitress then offered chicken tenders, she brought out but we later thought, if they don't do any frying,how are the tenders, fries, shrimp and fish fried? Could've been all microwaved. Everything was cold. I would not recommend this place to the homeless....
5	I love, love, love this place!  I don't know if I was there on a good day!  But when I don't feel like cooking my own, guess where I will be?  I'm waiting for you to guess?  Yep...DING DING DING! Hush Puppy!  They aren't afraide to put there foot in there cooking (for those that don't  know, that's a good thing)  Yes, the seasoning on this fish was amazing, I love mine fried hard!  The salad was good, the Baked potatoe, was good!  I just wish they had pepsi products!  lol,If your ever in the area, stop and check it out.  I know there's another one on Chareston, but I havent been to that one.
1	I've routinely visited this location whenever I've visited Vegas, but I'm seriously thinking I won't return. My last visit -last week- found poor service and poorer quality of food. After being seated the waitress took our drink order and didn't return for almost ten minutes, and only because we asked the hostess for help. I ordered the AYCE catfish and can honestly say the fish was awful!  The texture of the fish was dry and crumbly, no moistness anywhere. It seems to me they've taken catfish fillets, cut them in half then deep fried until every piece of that fish becomes dusty crumbs. My niece had the boiled shrimp which didn't disappoint, but I can get shrimp anywhere. I wanted my catfish and I wanted it to be edible and tasty. Is that too much to ask?
1	First of all the company is writing their positive reviews. Everyone that was eating there was miserable. To start off my experience let me tell you that there was hair between the clear plastic on the menu and the paper. It was disgusting. I ignored this and ordered food. Huge mistake! The all u can eat is not feasible when your food takes 30 minutes per plate. The catfish arrived, and I don't expect much from catfish, it's just that the fish they brought was terrible. I took one bite, it was the worst thing I have ever eaten. While there I ate 6 shrimp and a few clam strips. Overall we saw our waitress twice and she never came back to ask if we wanted more. PLease never eat there, it is a horrid experience. Go to Long John Silvers before you go here. The place is not clean, the food is horrendous and the service is absent. If anyone rates the place as decent they are crazy or simple. No BS I hate Long John Silvers and this place is way worse. It's not homely like many southern fish joints, it's dirty and gross. I am from NC and have eaten at many disgusting fish camps and this place is beyond a joke. There is no hole in the wall appeal here. This place needs to be shutdown and those who continue to believe the reviews written by the restaurant are in for a terrible treat. I now have to go because my stomach is very upset from the dreadful salad bar.
1	Ive been a million times to this fish shack. But this last time really takes the cake. How about I tell you all about the old salad they display. OMG its old but you just happen to open 30 minutes ago. How on earth do you place old food out when you just opened? I got the all you can eat catfish and omg they didn't clean it right nor did they wash the fish in vinegar its smelled like something just died. Ewww!The baked potato was hard and not done. The cup I was given to drink out of was dirty. And the restroom looked so dirty I walked in and said no way ...I mean that if I was homeless I would not use that restroom. It makes you ponder if the food is like that. And the restroom is dirty what does the kitchen look like? It made my belly hurt just to think of the nastyness that very well could be in that kitchen. We was only customer number 6 so they have no excuse as to why everything is dirty and nasty. I will never return. I looked over at my husband while at the dinner table and I said to him get full because we will never come back here ever in life.
1	My family and I visited this place yesterday to celebrate a birthday.  Let me tell you that it was the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant.  The fish was horrible and the shrimp taste like it came straight from the freezer section of the local grocery store...actually that's giving them too much credit, because I've had frozen food from the market and it taste 110% better. Not only was the food inedible, but the entire restaurant had a strange smell...that should have been our first clue.  A couple of people in our group had the Gumbo and I wouldn't recommend that dish either.  My son had something as simple as a hamburger, and that was just barely edible. Everyone had stomach issues immediately after leaving the restaurant.  We are all from Los Angeles and have had our share of good fried fish all over LA, so we know good food. All I can say is don't do it, unless you like giving your money away. Let me make one thing clear, they are only receiving 1 star, because I don't believe have any other choice to select lower than 1.
5	This is my family's go to place for a quick dinner. The food is SO delicious, and since I live right around the comer and there is a drive through it is so convenient.
5	First off, I do not work for the company. Secondly, I have only been there once. My husband & I went here with friends who winter in Vegas, on our recent visit there. Yes, it's "divey" and could use some updating. The salad bar was fresh, and I can tell salad that isn't. Very good macaroni salad. Husband and I had the all you could eat catfish and it was phenomenal. It had a real cornmeal coating, not some stupid "batter". It was moist and tender and quite flavorful. I mostly like the fact they were boneless fillets; around here all you get is a slab of half a fish you have to pick off the bones. Tartar sauce seems to  be homemade. Service was prompt and friendly...a server who has worked there for years and knows our friends. I had the collard greens as my side (felt I'd been eating far too many freid foods and carbs on our trip) and they were amazing. And I know collard greens from my best friend. Lastly, it was a Saturday night and they were very busy when we left...the place was full of people who seemed to know what good southern-fried fish and the extras ARE. Try the jalapeno hush puppies if you think the originals are too bland. Price was fantastic...less than $60 for four adults. Where can you say THAT in Vegas?
5	Awesome spot for some good fried catfish, hush puppies and greens. The gumbo my husband had he said it was delicious.  If your ever in Vegas make sure you stop by and check out hush puppy restaurant.
4	So one night we craved for some catfish & raw oysters. (Okay, okay..no hankie-pankie here, we were just HUNGRY) What's the best place to grab one? Couldn't think of anywhere else besides Hush Puppies. Nice big, bright sign by the street, you won't miss it. We opted for the drive thru coz the kids were fast asleep in the backseat. Although there was a little mixed up in our order, they were very apologetic about it &  was fast in resolving the issue. The catfish came steaming hot & the oysters were fresh. Nyum!! Happy tummy here!!! Customer service was impeccable. PRO: food, customer serviceCON: waiting timeComing back & would definitely recommend.
4	This is the best place to get southern fried catfish is Las Vegas.  The fish is fried to perfection and is light and tasty.  Not to mention the affordable all you can eat catfish special. The salad bar is simple and traditional. Great pasta, macaroni and potato salad. Also the homemade tartar sauce is delicious, thick and creamy.  Fried alligator at most places it's tough and rubbery but NOT at The Hush Puppy. The alligator is tender and flavorful.The only thing preventing it form being 5 stars is the hours and the all you can eat catfish.  Don't get me wrong, I ALWAYS order the all you can eat catfish, my issue is you have to really stay on the waiters and waitresses to get "all you can eat". After your initial order they ask you if you want more, but they bring you one or two pieces, then after that they sometimes push the check on you. I understand they maybe trying to keep costs down, but if you offer all you can eat, then expect people are going to eat a lot and be available to bring them plenty of fish.  Lastly the hours.  I'm a big lunch person and I only eat at this restaurant on Sundays, when they are open at noon. I understand mom and pop businesses are limited, but I really think they can increase profit by being open at noon the rest of the week, or at least on Saturday.
4	Don't let the location or the look of the place fool you.  The Hush Puppy has good southern food, offering some items that you won't find much of in the valley--such as alligator.The atmosphere is very casual, certainly perfect for a family with kids.  The waitress was good; we did go a bit without seeing her at one point, but nothing enough to get us upset.The food was really, really good.  Appetizers:  First, we started with a bowl of gumbo, and it was fantastic.  My daughter ended up ordering another bowl as her main course.  The hushpuppies, which came with our meals, were good.  My wife liked them more than I; but I must say the sweet butter it comes with really enhances the flavor.  We also had the salad bar, which was very basic overall---and no complaints from us. Entrees:  My wife had the crab legs, which made her happy.  My son ordered the endless fried shrimp, and had the wharf combo--alligator & frog legs w/ greens.  Personally, I was happy with everything.  The batter they used didn't take away from the flavor of the actual food; the same went for the shrimp.  So that's (for 4 people) - 2 bowls of gumbo, 3 salad bars, hush puppies for all. endless shimp w/ fries, over a LB of snow crabs w/ fries, alligator/frog legs combo w/ collard greens, and 4 drinks for under $80.  How can you go wrong w/ that?And if you want to pick food up on your way home from work, they have a drive-thru!
3	Good fried fish & southern food.
3	I ate at The Hush Puppy at the Nellis location on 7-12-2014.  You need to check their site for when they are open.  Usually, after 5pm except Sundays (Noon).  I arrived a  little before 6pm on Saturday and the place had surprising more people than  I would have expected.  I was greeted cheerfully, immediately seated, after being asked my choice of table and area.  I was impressed with their friendliness and was given a menu, and the server returned immediately with a bowl of hush puppies and a sauce.  I ordered the $14.99 Platter that listed (4 to 5 small pieces) of alligator,(8 small on a stick) grilled shrimp,(6) fried clams, (2) fish fillets, and French fries (or baked potato).  I was told to help myself to the Salad Bar.  The plates were kept in a cooler and were  chilled.  The salad bar was small but more than adequate to make a salad.   I chose potato salad, pickled tomato's, a  lettuce/romaine combination, cherry tomato's, black olives, with 5 or 6 dressing options.  There were several other selections, but  my plate was full and I went to enjoyed my salad.  I ordered a draft beer and it came in a chilled mug and hit the spot.  Before I finished my beer, my order came. Everyone seemed to be getting their order about the same time and the server staff was busy.  I was ready for another beer when a man (the manager/owner ?) came around and ask if I needed anything and immediately returned with another chilled mug.  Several other customers also, were ready for drinks and it appeared that everyone had come about the same time and the servers were getting behind in refilling/getting drinks.  The alligator was not as seasoned as I would have liked and I was not impressed with it.  The fish was very good, cooked properly, crunchy on the outside and properly moist (I do not like undercooked fish) on the inside.  The fried clams made my dish.  They were very flavorful, crunchy and delicious.  I wish I had just ordered fried clams, they were excellent.  The fries were mediocre and could have been coated in a "Cajun" mix and would have helped the dish.  There was a lot of laughter in the restaurant, by customers and they seemed to be enjoying themselves.  There was no music and it would have added to the atmosphere of the place.  All in all, I would recommend giving this place a try.
5	I've been coming here for over 20 years!  The catfish is the best!  You have to be sure and order the FARM RAISED CATFISH.  Not the fresh water....which tends to be much drier and crumbly.  The farm raised is moist and tastey!  The coleslaw and green tomatoes on the salad bar are to die for!  We always get the All You Can Eat.  Service & Food is always great!  Love Love Love the Hush Puppy!  Just wish they had one in Henderson.  It's a long drive coming from Boulder City....but still worth the drive!  :)
5	Amazing catfish fillets and hushpuppies :) I also love there fried green tomatoes :) Great place to go:)
5	We loved everything we got there the frog legs was good the fish is delicious alligator was great.
