4	Tinting your car is almost like water in Vegas, you just need it. But with so many tinters around, finding a good tinter can be difficult. They had some presence in the Yelp Discussion, positive review on Google, and no negative review so I went with it.In Nevada, legal tint is 35% visibility on the front side windows, no restrictions on the rear windows or windows. You're not suppose to have any kind of tint on the front windshield, but they do offer clear front windshield tinting that is technically legal.I actually did the tinting as a group with my co-workers for a total of 5 cars. All the tinting were fine. No bubbling so far. Surpringsly, you could roll down your windows after they're done.The pricing structure was $150 for the base metallic Llumar tints that included the front and back windows (5 windows for most cars). Note, we might have been given a price break since we did so many cars. You may not be able to get this price. If you want ceramic, which has better heat resistance properties than metallic, its an additional $100. If you want to do the front windshield, it costs an additional $100. This place doesn't do Huper Optix tinting, which is known as the Lamborghini of tints. Pay with cash or your debit card to get no tax. Everyone who got their cars tinted is happy with it. I'll update the reviews if I notice any issues with my tinting.
5	I took my my Lexus IS350 here and got 5% all around and 50% on the front. It was perfect and great thing is that you get a life time warranty that recognize anywhere in the states. Very professional / pleasant to have done business with Michael and Courtney. They also have a great waiting area to watch a movie and complementary drinks. If you're looking for quality honest business go to eco tint, trust me, I've gone to several tint business and this by far is the best in service and quality.
5	I got my car windows tinted for $159. It was winter special rate. 97 Toyota Avalon. Great service. The shop is clean and the waiting room has a flat screen TV and DVD player. They also has a good collection of dvds. Very professional and friendly service. It's been a month and the car looks good. Great work.
5	Found Eco-Tint through the Llumar website and decided to give them a try based on my phone conversation with Mike.  I tinted my new SUV and also the rear windows of the wife's SUV.  Reasonable price, great job- very happy with the completed work.  Both Mike and Courtney seem like good, honest people- hard to find in the world of window tinting, especially in Vegas.  I'd definitely recommend them.
5	every each and single employee was friendly, helpful and extremely kind. the gentleman who initially helped me (I think his name is jay) was very honest with me and wasn't pressuring me into getting anything expensive done to my car unlike some places who take advantage of your lack of knowledge when it comes to this kind of stuff. he was straight forward quoted me at a very good price and got it done the next day. I was extremely happy with the work they did and the best part of it all is the lifetime warranty. I love this place!
5	Great Job, Nice People & Reasonable Price.When I 1st walked in I was greeted by Jay. I feel a true sense of Integrity from him.When my car was finished I was greeted by Mike . He made sure I was happy with the fished tint. And I got a real good sense of being taking care of!You can tell everyone there take pride in their job.And you are just going to get better result when people take pride  in what they do.
4	Very impressed! I happened to be up here from LA this weekend and thought it'd be a good idea to get the tint done on my car. So i called in at about 12pm and spoke with Mike and told him my story. He said they were booked all day but since i was from out of town and i read about them on Yelp, he said, "bring it in"!I was very impressed with the shop. The location, the cleaniness and professinal look of the place. They had a very clean and nice waiting room with a small fridge stocked with soda and water and a tv with movies to watch while waiting.So i left my car with them and was very thankful that they were going to squeeze me in.They called me a couple hours later and it was all done. I really liked the way it looks and can't wait for the film to dry and set. I'll for sure reccomend this place and come back to get my doors done.Thanks Mike and the crew!Dave
5	Mike and Jay were great to deal with!  They were upfront and very professional.  They use quality material (Llumar) and the prices are competitive. The waiting room was comfortable with cable TV and drinks.   I only had my IS350C for 3 days and they did a flawless job on the tint.  It took a little longer than planned but they came out to keep me updated.  I'm glad they took their time to do it right because most places would have rushed and did a crappy job just to get it done on time.
5	Another glowing review for Eco-Tint!  After a personal referral from a co-worker, I called on a Wednesday afternoon and was able to make an appointment for Thursday morning!  The shop is just up the street from my office quietly tucked away in a office park.  Jay was friendly and helpful and promised the job would be done in a matter of hours.  (And it was!)I was so impressed with the results as my co-worker and I "oohed" aloud when we drove up and saw the results with my car right out front waiting for me.Great people to work with and superb results.  Check these guys out!!
5	I was looking for a place to tint my girlfriend's car in Las Vegas and I came across Eco Tint. I read the reviews and I liked what I saw so I decided to go with them. I called to set up an appointment and everything was set. On Friday we took her car in, the service was great and was quoted a few hours. We didnt have another car so we waited in the waiting room and It was great fridge full of soda and a big screen tv. We love the tint and the price was right we will defiantly go back to tint my car.
5	I will get to the point.Took my car in to have llumar Blue tint install on front windshield.Looks fantastic. Installation was fantastic. All edges are sealed....no loose ends. No bubbles. Fast.Great waiting room with comp water and soda.I should have taken my car here in the first place.Dont waste money at other tint installers in the city. It seems everyone else is doing a piss poor job. See my rating for Desert Tint.Highly recommended without reservation.
5	I spoke with Mike on the phone before I brought my car in.  He was very knowlegable on the tint he carries.  He was knew about the problem BMW's have with scratched tint and was able to put the felt in between the door panel so my new tint wouldn't scratch.  This was all done for free by the way! Great service, they even sent a thank you card out, making sure you enjoyed their service. A+++
5	Great job!! Went in with no appointment and got out in less than hour.
5	WOW! Talk about great customer service.  Not only was everyone courteous, our van was done very quickly.  And our van looks awesome!  They even showed my husband the machine they use to cut the tint which impressed hubby.  After we had our van tinted, we received a thank you card in the mail.  You don't receive that kind of customer service these days and it was very much appreciated.
5	just had my 5th and 6th cars done at Eco-Tint.   Mike and Courtney are awesome.  I will never have any tint done anywhere else.... the work they do it top of the line.
5	Highly recommended! Eco tint has fast and friendly service. I called on a Friday afternoon and they worked me in Saturday at 11am. It only took an hour and I'm very impressed with the results. This is not your typical sleezy tint shop. Professional service and the price was really reasonable. $99 for my side windows and visor strip in the front. I would recommend this business to all my friends and family. They even sent a thank you card to follow up on their service. Overall great service, great product, great price.
5	Decided to take my car back here again, after a stellar job with the front windshield tint. I recently had tint removed from my rear central window and the side windows  because the tint was starting to peel and workmanship was horrible. See my review of Desert Tint. After a positive experience at Eco, I decided to return. I waited two weeks. Examine all the edges. All the edges were sealed to the window. Fantastic job. I do not see any visible flaws with the installation.Clean shop. Clean waiting room.Granted their fees are a little higher than the other places, workmanship trumps everything else. Furthermore, you can ensure that they use genuine Llumar or 3M tint and not a generic lower grade tint.The majority of tint makers offer lifetime warranty, which is a given. The differences lie with HEAT REJECTION AND WORKMANSHIP. These are the two factors that you should consider when selecting a place to tint your vehicle.Highly recommended without any reservation!
5	After reading all the reviews, I decided to take my car there. It was everything everyone had said and I am so happy that I went! They did an amazing job and were fast doing it as well. Jay was extremely nice and described the different tints perfectly to me so I could choose what would make me happiest. They are worth every penny!!
5	This place is top notch!So I take the wife's CTS to get the windows tinted for her birthday.  We forget that one of the back windows isn't rolling down.  I give them a call before dropping it off to make sure it wouldn't be a problem.  Jay was great!  He explained the options and we ask him to try to tint it anyway.  This guy is something else... He calls me a couple hours later and says he has the tint 100% complete AND get this... he fixed the broken window.  Tint job is great and the wife is 110% happy, all for under $200.Wife is happy,everyone is happy!Thanks again Jay!Great service, something you don't see much of these days.I will be calling the guys in the spring to tint my windows at my home.
5	After doing some research into which window tint shop to choose.  Upon reading the reviews here on Yelp I decided to go with Eco-Tint.  I then decided to call and spoke with Mike.  He was very clear with the price and the amount of time it was going to take to finish my car.  When I arrived there I worked with Jay and he was really cool, and answered all my questions.  There waiting room is cool as well, there is snacks, wi-fi and DirecTV.  After a short hour and half the car was done and they did a wonderful job.  If you're in the market for window tint, I definitely recommend this place.
5	These guys are great! I bought a brand new Dodge Challenger and refuse to give my business to the dealerships here in Vegas.  So, after reading all the reviews and speaking with Jay he made me feel completely confident in my decision to go with them.  He took his time explaining all my options and was very patient with me.  The waiting room was pleasant, with cold beverages and a TV.  My windows look terrific, I'm very pleased!! They even mailed me a thank you card after my visit.
5	Mike and the staff @ EcoTint are nothing short of BEYOND AWESOME! I've had 5 of my cars done at EcoTint and by Mike.  I've had everything done from a re-tint on my VW Show car that another shop messed up to Headlight protection done, Clear Bra, Custom Vinyl wrapping, re-tinting, and full tinting of my cars.  Mind you, I'm very particular since I have several show cars.  Mike is the ONLY ONE I trust for working on them.  He's helped me with my 750Li, 545, work truck, VW and STI show/race cars. The work he does is nothing short of AWESOME.  He is VERY professional, kind, and listens to what you want and delivers!  I don't know how many times he's tried to offer me sodas, water, snacks, etc. while I'm waiting.  His shop is SUPER clean, and the waiting room is really nice.  You get beverages, snacks, dvds/movies/tv to watch, and a bunch of car magazines to read. It's a bit of a bummer to have to leave when your car is done.  So he doesn't mind you hanging out to finish your snack or movie.Mike & EcoTint was one of the main reasons I was able to take over 30 1st Place trophies and get magazine features, web features, and other media exposure for my award winning VW.  He has already helped me gain large praise for my current show car a 2011 STI.  He was instrumental in helping me get to SEMA and making the car look great for features. With his help, I would never be able to get my cars to the level they are at or have achieved.SO, in short.....GO TO EcoTint!  He can take care of all your needs regardless of what kind of car you have.  Whether it be your daily driver, work truck, show car, exotic....he can do it all and feels very comfortable working on them.  The products he uses are top notch and he stand behind his work.  Something that not a lot of shops do.  Trust me....i've gone to several and ended up having Mike have to fix them all.  His prices are alsy VERY reasonable....borderline cheap.  So cheap it'll make you wonder sometimes about what you get.  But, I love coming back to him.  It's not for the pricing....but the quaility of work and service.  Match that up with his killer pricing and you have a super WIN WIN situation on your side.
5	First off would like to thank my fellow yelpers for directing me here. I needed to find a place to get the new whip's windows tinted since I couldn't talk the dealership into doing it for free. Boo. I was able to get an appt. fairly quick, weekends were tough to get in so I was able to get in on a Monday. Very satisfied with the way my car looks, they offer a very good warrantee. While I was there I saw that they also did window services on homes, I've been interested in the film that goes on windows that is supposed to help hold shattered glass together should someone try to break in. Had Bryan come out to do an estimate and had work done the next week. Bryan gave me lots of information on the product and the company and I feel much safer now that I have this film on my downstairs windows. Only regret is I wish I would have done this sooner! This also comes with a lifetime warrantee should anything happen. Also received a thank you card in the mail from Courtney and Mike, nice touch! This is a great family business.
5	I finally was able to get my windows tinted by Eco-Tint thanks to a Groupon I got late last year.  After seeing all the amazing reviews, I was planning on going here anyway, so the Groupon deal was a great bonus for me.I had some problems scheduling an appointment at first... they were off for a holiday and didn't even have a voicemail system for me to leave messages on.  I talked about this with the owners and gave them some ideas on how to fix this problem.  It was nice that they actually listen to their customers.The waiting area was decent, as described in detail in other reviews.  Wifi, satellite TV, drinks, etc.  The tinting took just over 3 hours for me, which was a little longer than I expected, but the car looks great so I can't complain there.I also received a followup thank you note in the mail a few weeks later, which was a really classy touch.  This place definitely has the best customer service in town, and it shows in the reviews here.  Well done, guys.
5	This place it top notch. Friendly, helpful, and care greatly about their products. I highly recommend if you are seriously needing tint. Never mind about sitting there bored out of your gord. They have direct tv :) Jay, Mike & the rest if the team are awesome!
5	After doing extensive research and reading numerous 5 star reviews I decided to call Eco-Tint and give them a try.  I initially spoke with Courtney on the phone and she was able to answer all of my questions as well as give me advice on which product to go with.  My husband and I decided to stop in that evening and schedule an appointment.  We met with Jay and he gave us more info on their products and the benefits of each.  We decided on the Air Blue 80 windshield and the Llumar heat blocking tint for our windows.  Jay was very knowledgeable and wonderful to work with.  He did an amazing job on our car and we could not be happier!  We highly recommend Jay and Eco-Tint and will be back in the future.  Eco-Tint has this many 5 star reviews for a reason....Give them a try, you will not be disappointed!
5	This is as professional as it gets! Prices are good too, what more can you ask for.
5	I found this place on Yelp and decided instead of tinting my new Mercedes at the dealer which was going to charge  me double of what Eco-Tint would charge to go this store. Oh my God what a pleasant experience.  The tint looks great and flawless! The staff were very friendly and helpful and very very honest. I paid half of what I was going to pay at the dealer and I could not be happier. I recommend this business to any one who wants to pay less for more!
5	I went back today for a touch up and was treated very well! Mike was wonderful, he fixed my tint.  I recommend this shop to anyone who needs their window getting tinted and is as picky as I am!!! Don't pay dealer prices!!Mariam
5	Tinted my wife's SUV and did a nice job and could roll down windows right away. 3 weeks later still nice. They recommended that we don't limo because of our factory smoked glass will make it too dark to see out of at night, but use one shade less and the complete job will be equal to limo. I think it is a tiny bit lighter than limo, but close enough.  Which I agreed because my wife drives this car mostly and she has a harder time seeing at night. Play it safe!  Got it on the winter special price. My coworker also went there a few weeks ago as well and I didn't even know it.  My sedan was tinted elsewhere 2 years ago. Good job except they said the couldn't tint the top of my back windshield due to the factory bumps (defrost idk) Eco-tint said they can put a black vinyl on top to black it out for $20.. Blam! now my sedan is much darker in the day with no clear light coming through the  back now.  I'm happ, wife is happ, and now we leave a great review!
5	Mike is awesome!!!I just got my car done both front windows and front windshield with the AIR Blue, the cool thing no pun intended ... it blocks 43% of the heat and 99.9 uv rays. You need to check out the display he has to test it for your self. On the sides i chose CTX. Next up is my wife's car. FYI tip ... they are busy you need to plan ahead at least a week out. They are busy for a reason. This is the place ... the defacto that everyone compares too. Don't take it to the dealer and get ripped take here to get it done right and treated professionally. The tint has a life time warranty as well. I uploaded a before and after photo as well. I will do a follow up review in a couple of days.
4	Quick and professional. Looks great. Has only been one week but no rips, bubbles or any other reasons to take the car back for a touch up.
5	Recently bought a new car and needed my windows tinted.  Found this location on Yelp and let me tell you, they are as awesome and so true to the ratings.  Not only did my windows turn our beautifully, I also purchased the sun shield for the windshield which I love even more since it keeps out so much of the heat.  I kept reading the ratings about "Mike" who I am confident is awesome.  However, I dealt with "Jay" who was as good as it gets.  I ended up having to get my windshield redone but it was taken care of without any issue and Jay was as professional as they come.  He thoroughly explains everything to you so you can make an informed decision.  I will not only recommend EcoTint to all my friends but would also consider some of their other products that are offered for my home and future car purchases.  You cannot lose and if you can't get in right away due to their schedule, it is worth the wait.
5	I needed a new BMW and high end Subaru tinted and was concerned about the quality of workmanship I may receive. EcoTint did a EXCELLENT job for a reasonable price. I personally would never go anywhere else. These guys know what their are doing and do it very well.
5	Couldn't be happier with their work or prices. Just got my car done and will definitely be going back for my windshield and my wife's car.
5	Love!!! The staff is great. My car looks amazing. Worth the wait!! Thank you! Love my tint:) I opted in for the windshield tint- its clear- and love it!!!!!! Can't wait to get the covering on my bumper!
5	Heard about Eco-Tint from a local Corvette club, then read the Yelp reviews.  Turns out they were all spot-on!  Brought in my '81 Corvette to get tinted (originally an East-Coast car), and Mike came out immediately to discuss my tint options and offer advice on what did & didn't need to be done.My appointment went well, yet took a little longer than expected.  However, when you think of spending a few hours getting in and out of the tiny, cramped rear area of this car to apply the huge rear window tint this car requires...I wouldn't wish it on most of my enemies!  :-)  He did a phenomenal job though!!I immediately scheduled to have the windshields & other windows done on our other two vehicles.  Again: amazing work, and as others say, you can roll the windows up & down immediately since the technology they use is more advanced than most places.If we had enough money & space for a fourth car, I'd bring it here again to get tinted!  Guess they'll have to wait 'til I trade one of the other cars in.  In the meantime, GO THERE and keep a great business going!
5	Eco-Tint is great, I would recommend this shop to everyone. I had my 2012 Jeep Compass tinted, and loved their workmanship. Brought it back later to have the windshield and sunroof done with the UV blocker clear-tint. It was amazing, I could tell a huge different in the Vegas heat! Helps keep the interior cooler when parked and keeps it cooler while driving, allowing you to turn the AC down a bit. These guys are very professional and do not rip you off or jerk you around. They also give military discounts, which is a huge plus!! Shortly after getting my tint, I received a personalized thank you card in the mail. I thought that was very classy. Not many places take care of their customers as Eco-Tint does! Sadly enough, I traded my Jeep in a week ago and bought a new Hybrid Optima, needless to say, I have an appointment next Wed to get some tint installed, can't wait!!!! THANK YOU GUYS!!!!-Chad C.
5	closed on weekends and appointment takes a week.other than that these guys did a great job. i love it so much. they have complimentary refreshments and wifi. Worth the wait.
5	First of all the wait times are long, it took me 2 weeks to get in here. that said it was well worth it. They got my car done in about 2 and a half hours. They have a fridge full of cokes and waters for you while you wait. Olympic water polo was on TV so i chilled out and watched that for awhile. All in all the staff is cool, they did a perfect job on my car and i will recommend them to everyone i know.
5	If you want professional work for affordable price go see J. at Eco-Tint!!Got my winnows tinted, my windshield and sunroof done with the UV blocker clear-tint on my Land Rover LR2 Love it!!! Thank you Guys !!
5	These folks are fantastic. Very professional and they care. They want you to be happy. They explain what they are going to provide and then back it up. We have had two cars done there and not a single problem or complaint. They did a clear bra on our new Scion IQ and it came out perfect. We highly recommend these folks!
5	I saw how many great reviews Eco-Tint had here on Yelp, so I priced them out and made an appoinment with Mike. The only day I had off from work was Labor Day, and they went ahead and opened up on the holliday for me and one other to get tinted! Tint came out perfect and customer service was top notch. On top of all that their pricing was lower than all the other major tint shops in town.
5	There is a reason this place is full of 5 star reviews.I was lucky and someone cancelled their reservation so I was able to get right in.  They told me two and half to three hours to tint all 6 windows in my Camaro (not an easy car to deal with as far as tinting is concerned.)  I was out of there in two.  Their waiting room is nice, bathroom is clean, and staff is friendly.  You also get free soda or bottled water while you wait.  They also have DirecTV you can watch.  Very nice.  I will recommend to everyone I know.The only other thing I want to mention at this point is, I was told that the windows will look bubbly/hazy for the first few days, and this is exactly what they look like.  If anything changes I will update the review.
5	We recently bought a new car and quickly realized the AC was not keeping up with the Vegas summer heat.  Brought the car to Eco-Tint and they went through the different options and costs.  Ended up selecting the CTX and AIR Blue for the windsheild.  All that and tt was still less than half of what the dealer was charging.  They are really busy (and for good reason) so the next date that worked for me was 3wks later.  Brought it in and waited there.  It took a little over 3hrs to install, but with a nice waiting room with sodas and satellite tv it wasn't bad.  Love the work they did!  The car looks great and even after sitting in the sun the AC catches right up.  Amazing!!  We will be coming back for each car we need tinted.
5	I think it's really awesome that I just received a thank-you card in the mail from Eco-tint. It reflects well on their business and how they do things. I can appreciate a business that's friendly, professional, and can do the job well. I went in to have my car and my brother's girlfriend's car tinted, and we are both happy with our tint. We got a discount for having 2 cars done on the same day which is great. They told us we can roll down our windows right after, but I was a little skeptical but it's true. My tint is fine :-P My brother also made an appointment after he found out how happy we were, but he got the Airblue option. He thinks it's well worth the additional cost and is very happy with his tint too.It's hard to find a place to tint your car that you can trust because not a lot of people yelp about car tinting. So I'm really glad to have found a place I trust to get it done right.
5	These guys are great and definitely worth the wait!  I decided to give them a try after reading all the Yelp reviews. The quality of their work is top-notch and customer service couldn't be better.  Waiting room is stocked with cold drinks and snacks.  Also, out of 6 or so tint jobs purchased in my life, this is the only place that allows you to roll down the windows immediately.  The lady at the front desk said something or other about how they apply the film further down the window.  Cool beans!!! My only complaint is that I didn't know about the free Wi-Fi until my car was almost done.  I wish they would have told me upon my arrival - I even had my laptop out and was watching a movie. In their defense, the Wi-Fi info was posted on a piece of paper taped to the TV, I just didn't notice it until later.  So be sure to ask!
5	So... I wanted to surprise my husband with some tint on our Honda Element. I called Eco-Tint because of the Yelp reviews and was not let down. I spoke with Courtney over the phone and she was just so pleasant & professional  and was able to get me in immediately. When I got here I spoke with Jay and he was able to explain the tinting options to me so that I was able to make an informed decision. They quoted me 2-2 1/2 hours. I left their building at 10:38a and received a phone call to come pick my car up at 12:04p. "What?!? Seriously?!?" They hooked it up! The tint came out amazing and my husband is a happy man! THANKS GUYS! We'll be going back to get our windshield done hopefully before Christmas!
5	I had my Porsche Cayenne GTS done at this shop and went with the Ceramic tint from llumar and the air blue for the windshield.  These guys did a great job with service was personable and prompt.  I noticed I had a tiny spot on my windshield, which they fixed promptly.  Pricing was fair, and quality of workmanship and materials was first rate.  I highly recommend this shop.
5	Same day installation, great price and best of all excellent customer service.My car looks great!
4	Got my windows tinted here for my brand new Genesis Coupe. I did notice about 10 days later that there was a bubble on my driver window. I called and they said to bring it in whenever I had time. So the next day I did, and they instantly redid the driver window. Staff was nice, Jay took care of me both times.There was a nice little waiting room with direct tv, magazines, and soda/water. If there is WiFi, I was not informed of it. Also didn't see any snacks like some other Yelpers mentioned.Two weeks later I received a thank you card in the mail, nice little finishing touch:)
5	Awesome guys + Awesome work = Pure Awesomeness tint!! Used the check in discount and decided to tip them that 20 bucks. Only place I will go from now on for my tint.
5	I've been in Vegas 20 yrs now and have come to expect bad service just about everywhere I go.  It's so nice to know that good people & good businesses 'do' exist.  I made an appt. w/Courtney on the phone, the went in & met Jay.  He's a really cool dude, and this place epitomizes professionalism & quality work.  I got there 30 mins early & he took my Mazda CX-7 in right away, and a little over an hour, I was out the door. The breakroom is equipped w/cold drinks (sodas & water), satellite t.v., & free wi-fi.  I cannot say enough good things about my whole experience, from the initial phone call to the final product.  Thanks to the whole crew!!!  I hope you guys stay in business a long time and succeed.
5	This place is awesome! I was assisted by Jay & he was very knowledgeable about the laws & window tinting styles. When he said my wait would be 2 hours I was a little anxious until I was brought in to the very entertaining & clean waiting room. To make matters better, my car was finished in an hour. Great prices, services, people, & a LIFE TIME WARRANTY! This place cannot be beat.
5	I got my 07 Corvette tinted at Eco tint and they did an amazing job!  Jay is awesome and extremely professional and I would recommend anyone looking for tints to go to Eco tint.  Thanks for the great service and high quality installation!
4	Great tinting spot, friendly, quality product.Took a bit longer than they said it would, estimated an hour and it took 2.  however, very happy with final product.
5	I just had my second visit to Eco-Tint for my husbands car...excellent service and quality product as expected!  If you are considering tint companies, these guys will exceed your expectations!
5	My boyfriend and I went in about two weeks ago, I got there early and they took my car right in. For both our cars they were pretty quick but we didn't really notice the time because their waiting room was nice. There was free wi-fi, a tv and free beverages. The staff was really nice and explained the tints to us and I would definitely recommend this place to more people... Oh, they did send out a thank you card that I received the same week and I appreciate those types of gestures, we just don't see that type of customer service anymore.
3	Good quality tinting and good pricing, but out of the 4 vehicles we've had tinted here 3 of them have taken substantially longer than originally quoted.Making an appointment, being told a time and then having that go over by 250% is pretty bad. A 2 hour appointment ended up taking 4.5 hours, and the most frustrating part was this repeating, "When is it ready?" "Any minute now".The tint is good, installed well, but just leave the car for the day and forget about it. Ignore what they're saying about the scheduling.
5	I had my husband's windows tinted here a few months ago, but am just now getting around to posting a review. The service and tint were top notch and the job was done within the time I was quoted. The waiting room was comfortable and dark. Drinks were easily accessible and was told they had snacks. A week or so after, I received a card in the mail thanking me for my business.
5	NOTHING BUT LOVE FOR THIS PLACE. Easy to get an appointment, fast service, you can roll your windows down as soon as they are done and the tint film they use is top notch. I forget what I paid but it was pretty standard and a "thank you" card came in the mail a few days after I left. I'll definitely be back any time I need tinting on a car.
5	Great work and great experience.
5	The service that I got on my car was done really well. I had heard about this place from a friend of mine and I saw they had done a good job on his car and I talked with him about it. He told me that the place even gave a lifetime warranty for the life of the car for the tint, just bring in your original receipt. And so what more do you want? I gave the place a go.The car was done in about 2 and a half hours and it came out looking nice. The tint-job was done well and I was very much impressed with it right away. Jay was the guy who helped me out and I must say, he'll take care of you.
5	This place is the best. My tint not only looks amazing but it also keeps my truck so much cooler. Mike's customer service is some of the best I have ever had. I live in San Diego now but I will make the drive to Vegas to get my windows tinted on any new vehicle I buy. Thanks again Mike.
4	Went here cause of all the good reviews I read.Got the $209 deal for all my windows, and used the yelp check in to get $20 bucks off. Woot woot! They said it would take them about 2 and a half hours to finish and they did it in an hour and a half. Woot woot!My car is a lot cooler now and it looks nice on my black car. No more car-oven for me!I'm only bummed that the package didn't include my windshield.
5	I got my windows tinted here last week, and I'm thrilled with the service and the tint!! Looks amazing on my car and the service was quick and friendly. I even received a handwritten Thank You note for my business! You don't find that quality customer service many places!!! I'd definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a quality auto tinting!!!
5	Eco-tint was hands down the best place I could have gone. I am so thrilled with the work they did on my dodge neon.  They guarantee their work, so it's worth every penny.  Because everybody loves them, you'll need to have an appointment. However, the short wait for an appointment is well worth the product and quality of workmanship.
5	Great job with the tint. HAd me scheduled first thing in morning. Ran us through what we needed, especially for this Climate. Thanks guys!!!
5	Simple and easy left my car there picked it up after work they did an amazing job again worth every penny .... also great staff
5	Thank you Jay!!! Everything went perfect from scheduling to completion. We could not be more pleased with the work you and the staff has done. Eco-Tint is the place to go when you want perfection and quality. Also, I fully recommend getting your windshield done if its in your budget. In the Vegas heat it really does keep your car cooler. My wife is loving it. Thanks again.
5	I recently went to Eco-Tint to get my windows in my  car tinted and I am so pleased with the results!I had done some research on the best window tinting in town and everywhere I looked Eco-Tint kept popping up.  So I called Eco-Tint once I had decided that I would use them to tint my windows.  I spoke them for about 10 minutes asking questions and getting an idea of what I wanted done.  They answered all of my questions and gave me a lot of info.  It was refreshing to talk to someone that knows their stuff and doesn't get irritated at you when you have no clue and keep asking a ton of questions. I was also told I needed a reservation because they are always booked. The earliest date was 2.5 weeks out, so I went ahead and locked in my spot.  I showed up at my reservation time and was greeted as I walked in the door.  I spoke with the guy at the front desk and he helped me decide on the exact tint for my windows.  He was extremely knowledgeable and helped me make a good decision without being pushy at all.  I ended up with 35 on the front and 15 on the rear windows.  I also went with the standard tint that has the 99.9% UVA/UVB block and with the 40% heat blocking tint.  They took my car back and 3 hours later I had beautifully tinted windows.  I also noticed immediately after driving away how much cooler my car was.  It is amazing what a difference the tint makes on the temperature in your car.  Why did I not tint my windows sooner?Eco-Tint did a great job and as I get new cars, I will definitely be back for more tinting.  I would also recommend Eco-Tint to anyone who needs tinting services.  They do great work and are very friendly.  They also offer a $20 off coupon just for checking in on Yelp.  Woohoo!
5	fast, friendly, quality work!
5	There is no better tint shop in Vegas.  had 6 cars done myself and numerous friends and family.   My only complaint is it takes to long to get in their shop during the summer months but then again, when your the best everyone wants your services.  Its worth the wait!!
5	I've purchased three cars in Vegas and have had to get the windows tinted on all of them. The first two I had done elsewhere and wasn't extremely impressed - this last car I wanted to have it done by the best of the best as it was my first luxury car. I called on July 2 and spoke with Mike (the owner) for about 15-20 minutes on the phone, answering all my questions. He quoted me various scenarios, including windshield tinting, and I set up an appointment for July 15, the next available slot. At first, I was a little shocked that I would have to wait so long, but I took it as a good indicator of their quality. Something to note - a multiple car discount is available, in addition to a Yelp discount.On the day of my appointment, I was attended to by Jay, one of the installers, and he was very knowledgable and further reinforced my decision on the shade and type of film. I ended up getting 15% all around using the ATC window film and clear film on the windshield for $279 (4 dr sedan). I dropped the car off at 11 a.m. and it was done by 2:15 p.m. We also had another vehicle done on the same day and it was $259 for a 2 dr hatchback. I thought the pricing was reasonable based on the overall quality.I was very pleased with the outcome, I had missed having tinted windows in Vegas (even if only for a month)! I thought the customer service was great and I appreciated their desire to assist the customer in any way possible. I would definitely recommend this place and should I ever have to get another car tinted in the future, I will surely come back!
5	I found this place through Yelp and all the reviews stands for what it is.  I've made an appointment ahead of time and I was pretty much in and out of the place within 2 hours.  The job was done really well and the staff were really friendly.  Mike (the owner) were very quick with email responses too.  If I get another car I would get it done here again.
1	This particular shop scored really high in ratings, so I decided to call and set up an appointment. At first I was reluctant to add my name to the 3 weeks wait list, but the man who answered the phone convinced me that the shops service was unmatched in Vegas and I would not be disappointed. Fast forward 3 weeks to my appointment when I arrive to the shop I am greeted by the man who seemed to be in charge who answered all my questions and helped me out very nicely. I ended up racking up a bill that was nearly $400 (that is an insane amount for tint in Vegas!), but I was already there and the ratings were great so I stayed. The job was done in 3.5 hours. Initially, I was pleased, it looked good. I took my car home with a smile on my face. It wasn't until a few days later, when I had someone sitting shotgun that I noticed my passenger side door locking mechanism wasn't working anymore. I called the shop up and explained the issue. The man told me to stop by at any time and they would correct the issue, no appointment necessary. I showed up about a week later. The same man who swiped my credit card on day one, the one whom I spoke to over the phone and was told to come by "whenever" to have THEIR MISTAKE corrected was the man who was there at the counter. Guess what this guy tells me? He says, "Well we cant take you right now". That's when I lost my cool just a bit I admit. Deal with it! I'm the paying customer and your expected to serve me respectfully or ill take my money elsewhere, simple as that. As I was explaining myself and my unhappiness, this man gestures with his hand as in saying "shut the hell up". Hold on a moment, if I stand correct, you have me down here 20miles from my house, on my day off, I was stuck in traffic both ways, for YOUR GODDAMN MISTAKE and you want to gesture me to shut up?! At the end of the day, did I get an apology? NO!I wont be coming back, EXCEPT for my warrantee work and I wont refer anyone to your shop. This mans customer service is horrible and I think the owner should reevaluate who they have at the front lines with customers.
4	Fantastic customer service. Prices were a little on the high side, but the work was quality!
5	A tint shop with a multiple week waiting list in Las Vegas, the land of tint installers every block?There's a BIG reason why people wait for Eco-Tint.Yes, they're that good.Yes, you can pay less for a tint job in Las Vegas. Will it match the quality of their work and film? I doubt it. I've seen some of the "swap meet" work and have replaced it on a car we own. With the Yelp discount and their deals, the difference is minimal but you won't even remember it once you see the car!I had my 1984 Westy (Vanagon Camper) tinted here before we took it on a 1,740 mile trip this summer. We already had an appointment to get another vehicle done before we purchased the Westy. My wife called up and he was able to squeeze us in before we left. We got the ceramic all around and the windshield done. It made all the difference on the trip through the desert. Heck, I drove it home at 7pm in the July heat with just the window cracked a little. Was it warm? Yeah, but it was tolerable in an almost thirty year old vehicle with no A/C.These guys are amazing technically, too. The fact that they managed to tint around the cabinetry in the back and do it *PERFECTLY* is testament to their skills.They followed up both installs with mailed, handwritten thank you notes. That's old school class, right there! They appreciate your business.You'll thank yourself when you're done.
5	Return back to ECO tint for my GS350! Were else would I go? Again outstanding job, fast, and great service. Only down fall is that there book all the time. I had to wait a week to schedule an appointment, but the wait was worth it. Thanks ECO tint, highly recommended.....
5	Got my tint done 2 weeks ago for my new Honda Civic. I called 2 weeks prior to set an appointment first thing Wed morning, 7/31. It was the earliest time they were available. I was met by Jay. After a few questions to get his opinion I decided on Air Blue for windshield and 20% all around. I'd normally think windshield tint unnecessary. But with the excessive heat of the Vegas summers, it sure helps alot.I cruised in the small waiting area they provide. Had a couple drinks while I waited. I was quoted 2.5-3hrs. I ended up waiting 3hrs and was good to go. So far, so good. Keeping cool and tint looks great.
5	I found this shop by using Yelp because of the great reviews and in this scenario, they certainly delivered!Recently moving here, I quickly discovered how necessary tint is for your car. I called and even stopped by so I could get a full understanding of my options. After reviewing and making my selection, I was able to make an appointment quickly after. During my appointment, they offered a free shuttle service. I took their offer and was able to even lucky enough to win the cost of my tint at the tables while I waited! The owner and workers do a great job and the finished job looks great!
5	I chose Eco-Tint due to the stellar reviews from my fellow Yelpers and am so glad I did! I called Wednesday afternoon, expecting a 2 or 3 week wait based on other reviews, but was asked if I could come in the next day at 8am.  I jumped on this of course! I was promptly greeted by Jay who explained my options and was very courteous and helpful.  I was quoted a little over $300 and a 3.5 hour wait time and got my windshield along with other windows tinted.  The job comes with a life-time warranty for as long as you own your car.The waiting area is cool, clean, has wi-fi, TV, and free cold drinks.  It took a little less than 3 hours and my car looked beautiful!   Something different about their technique allows you to roll down your windows without a 2 to 3 day waiting period which I thought really spoke to their technique and quality of materials.  And to top it all off, when I sat down, I saw they left me a cute little koozie in my cup holder with the company logo!  I forgot my coffee mug and Jay even caught me before I left and came out and gave it to me.  It's the little things that matter and this company has a customer for life.  I will always refer my friends here and couldn't be happier with the service I received!! GREAT WORK, GUYS!!  :)
5	5 Star Average!!!  Really??? Yeah, Really.  Eco-Tint is legit.  I got the phone call from the dealer that my new company ride was ready for pick up.  Even before I picked up my new car, I began searching for the right peeps that will tint my windows.  Not to sound like a broken record, but I found this place through Yelp.  Based on all the 5 star reviews, how could I not give Eco-Tint a shot?  By the way, the Yelp "$20 off and no tax" Check In doesn't hurt either.  I own a black car and not all shades of tint are created equal.  Too dark of a tint takes the focus out of the car and too much on the windows.  Too light emphasis your wheels and if you don't have a pair of nice looking dubs, then you're out of luck. I was looking for something dark, but not too dark. I also wanted a shade that transitions really good from back to front.  Eco-Tint knew exactly what I was looking for. They suggested 35% for the driver/passenger side and 15% for the back. A tint job usually takes about 3 hours. Mine took about 2 hours. That's what I call "service with the quickness". The job was clean and with no bubbles. After the work was done, Eco-Tint explained what to expect for the next few days, detailed the lifetime warranty, and welcomed me back for next time. And when I get a new car, there will definitely be a next time. That's fo shizzle.PS: The waiting area is small, but equipped with DIRECTV, free refreshments, and comfortable seating. If they have the NFL Package, I may show up to watch my team.  Another plus...a ton of spare outlets to charge your phones and other electrical devices. YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (407/500)
5	This place is legit! Hooked up our brand new Accord Sport! Lifetime warranty and under $200! Couldn't be happier with the quality of the work and the tint really makes our car look so much better. My wife didn't even realize that was her car when they brought it out. This company is owned by a very great guy. He was one of 3 who helped install the tint. We will be going back to get the windshield done. Thanks Eco-Tint!
5	I really appreciate the service and quality of their work here.The staff is really friendly and they try to provide me with product I need, instead of trying to up sell me to the more expensive stuff. They stand behind their work and products, so they include a life time warranty with everything they do. Absolutely awesome :)
5	Talked to Brian in the phone. And he gave me knowledge. I like it when people know how to sell. He sold me. Gave me a lot of information. Which Gave me a chance to do research on the quality of film they use. They have a $20 off Yelp Check In at purchase. I will be getting my 96 Honda Civic 2dr tinted here. Life-time warranty tells you how confident they are in their work. Plus part is this is warrantied within 50 States. Now hows that for BOmBiliciOus!! haha!!
5	Excellent. The staff was very friendly and the price was very reasonable. Has a bra and other section protected. Wish I had done the windshield. After a trip to Canada have two new chips. Since I hit a deer on the way back I have to have a bumper replaced and reprotected by clear tint. Eco-tint will get the job and will pass this on to my insurance company.
5	These guys are great! They explained the service very well. Every question was answered, they offered plenty of info on different tint options and gave great advice. They promptly called me when it was done. Upon pickup the made sure I was happy with the work and explained the warranty. I was very pleased. Definitely recommended!
5	I had Brian tint most of my house windows, they were on time , reasonably priced and very good at their trade , I cannot say enough about his attention to detail, I will hire him again.
5	Highly recommended and great customer satisfaction! They put the best brand and material in the tints. I know since I did my research.
5	I looked them up on Yelp and called ECO Tint first thing in the morning. I showed up to a very clean and neat shop. The waiting room was great with Wi-Fi.They were very nice people to deal with and the quality was great. They tinted our van windows in a couple hours with not problems. The quality of the job was very good and they price was great. I lifetime warranty on the job is also good.Overall these guys deserve 5 stars. Good Job and thanks for the quality job on our new van.
5	Quality of work is outstanding. They color matched the tint from our factory Ford rear windows on the front 2 and added an eyebrow. The color match is excellent and really can't be beat. The tint job is top notch.We really appreciated the hand written thank you letter as well. My only gripe is they told me 30 minutes to complete the job over the phone and it took 3X that long.
5	Must be pretty good if I've come back for a second vehicle to be done. Tint on my Touareg has held up flawlessly and performed as expected. Precision cut and the time to do the job right the first time has brought me back!
5	Customer service and quality of work is outstanding. They stand behind their work and offer a lifetime warranty. Jay went over all my options with me and was able to match and tint my rear window factory tinted glass with my front windows perfectly. They even added the windshield eyebrow in at no charge when I mentioned I found them through Yelp. The best part was I could roll my windows down the same day due to their extensive tinting technology, instead of having to wait the 3 days curing time like you do with most tint jobs. Waiting room was small but comfortable, with Directv and free soda and water. Thank you EcoTint, excellent job!
5	Best tint co. In Vegas!! Perfect tint everytime! My 4th car tinted here! Mike and Jay pros! If you want quick and perfect tint jobs!! You come here!!
5	Awesome Tint job!!! Searched online for a tint shop and every where required a 30 day - 10 week "no rolling down the windows" drying time during the winter months. ECO-TINT is the ONLY shop that allows you to roll down your windows IMMEDIATELY. Now that's impressive! Reasonable pricing, lifetime warranty, excellent customer service and immediate usage of your windows..... PRICELESS!!! Eco-tint gets it done and they get it done right!
5	This place it top notch. Friendly, helpful, and care greatly about their products. I highly recommend if you are seriously needing tint. Never mind about sitting there bored out of your gord. They have direct tv :) Jay, Mike & the rest if the team are awesome!
5	Perfect place for tinting service.    Did the Air Blue tinting while vacation in Vegas.    Excellent service and price also.      Worth drive from CA to there for the service while enjoy the time off.
5	Jay and Mike took care of me not one not twice but three times. Why, I had my IS350 tinted a month ago . All 4 windows along with front windshield .Everything went really well except the windshield Airblu 80. For some reason there is blurry vision at night time. All signal light and every head light i see like orange peel. I went back the second time. Jay ride in my car also noticed and agree to replace it . So he schedule me to come in next day morning . But sadly same thing happened again . They told me that was a brand new roll of film tested at factory before they put it on my car.Today i took my car back to them they agree pull it off and refund . They even had it done at closing hour. He could have schedule me come back again . But no they all stayed over time and pulled it off. What can i say ,they stand behind their work. Customer satisfaction . Good pricing.
2	I took my brand new 2014 sports car to Eco-Tint and asked that the Manager himself do the tint. It is an expensive, semi - rare car and a new release for 2014. I also advised them that it had only been washed once in it's life and only by the selling Dealer. Not to clean it after tint installation because I didn't want to risk paint damage (scratches). I asked they take extra care because it was to be professionally detailed the following day. Here is what happened:The squeegee card that is normally used for tint installation left dozens of scratches all along the painted areas surrounding the back window and rear deck lid. Where the "installer" leaned against the car also left scratches on the rear quarter panels. This damage was discovered about an hour after leaving the shop in direct sunlight. Manager told me to contact owner in a few days and discuss damage with him. When I spoke with the Owner he assured me damage would be fixed to my satisfaction (at his expense). He seemed more concerned about a negative review than fixing my car. The body shop he sent me to examined and confirmed the damage but I was reluctant to let them do the work. I wasn't comfortable letting them touch a brand new 2014 and risk further damage. Instead I went with Plan B and used a reputable paint correction / detailing company. As of yet... I still have not been reimbursed my expenses. As to the actual tinting of the windows, I have a couple of conspicuous roll marks on the Drivers side window (end of tint roll). It was also pointed out to me that the edges don't appear to be clean and uniform.
5	Liked this place as soon as I walked in the door...was greeted by Jay. I had made an appointment earlier that day for 3pm. We talked for a couple minutes about what I wanted exactly. Decided on 15% all around my 06 Subaru Legacy. They have a waiting room for customers with complimentary sodas and candy as well as satellite tv. 2 hour waiting time doesn't seem long when you're watching tv with a soda and a snickers. Thought one dude left something of his in my car when I got it back but they give you a free drink coozie. Lifetime warranty,you can't go wrong! Super happy so far with my windows,will definitely recommend and come back for my next car!
5	***** BEST IN THE BUSINESS BY A LONG SHOT!!!! I've been living in Las Vegas since 1988. Mike and ECO-Tint have been tinting my cars and everyone I knows cars for at least 7 years. Mike and his Team take Pride in there work and there customers. Do your home work and stop by and see for yourself, you will be glad you did.
5	Eco-Tint are the best. I had my new Cadi CTS windows tinted and had the front plastic wrapped, high end with quality and customer support beyond compare. Thanks Mike and Jay.
5	I needed to remove and replace two windows that had damaged tint. Eco-Tint was able to get me a next day appt. Very good decision on my part and I am extremely happy with the service that was provided. The price isn't the cheapest, but sometimes paying a little more is worth it. Definitely will use them again.
5	I had visited Eco-Tint back in December. I was looking to get my boyfriends car tinted for his x-mas gift. Lucky for me, Mike emailed me telling me that they do gift-certificates for occasions and even threw in a free tint-care package (valued at $30+)! My boyfriend absolutely loved the gift and the tint-job was very clean. Great service from start to finish with my experience there.
5	WOW!!!! What can I say about Mike & Eco-Tint?  Sorry Mike this is a long over due review. From the first time that you did my sons car that we met did I have the opportunity to witness your professionalism and honesty.  I've been coming to your place when you only had the one stall shop to now & have turned people on to your shop & have heard nothing but great respect for your business and professionalism from everyone that I have talked to. You have been great to me and my family and words can't express the kind of awesome commitment from a business owner such as yourself that you have displaid.  I will never forget you coming out to our house in Summerlin and touching up the tint on my BMW who in the heck does that nowadays, especially the owner such as yourself.  You went over and beyond my expectations and then some and would like to thank you again.  I'm so glad to see that your #1 on Yelp because you, your family, and team deserve it.  We've moved to San Diego & if I have to get tint done in the future I will probably be driving back to Vegas to get it done..lol..no kidding.  We'll to some it up thanks again for everything, and the best of luck to you & yours in the future.  David L.
5	Going to Eco-Tint was definitely worth penny, good professional business atmosphere and just overall good people who really show concern towards their customers. Thank you to Jay and the whole team over there at Eco-Tint for getting everyone protected against this Las Vegas Heat Wave!!!
5	I called for an appointment for my '13 GTR and they were very flexible and got me in within 1 day.   When I arrived at the location, I was helped very quickly and was directed to a very clean, comfortable waiting area.   They mentioned it would take a couple hours but my entire car was done in well under 90 minutes.   Great job on the tint and I will definitely send some referrals in this direction!
5	Just went in today and it only took about an hour to get my windows done. The price was fair and the work was great. Jay is friendly and helpful. Will definitely be recommending to my friends and family.
5	Awesome work have been here a few times now. And will be back soon, top notch work. Love no tint lines on the side windows. Highly recommend.
5	I could not be happier with Eco-Tint, from start to finish. From my first phone call, to getting me in in a timely manor, to the finished product, this company deserves every five star review they get. They were super nice and knowledgable, had great prices and a comfortable waiting room, were done in half the quoted time, and my car looks absolutely perfect. I will never go anywhere else.
5	Outstanding customer service from start to finish.  I've had several cars tinted here in town and none were ever as advertised. Jay is a true professional who knows his business and his products. Didn't try to oversell a thing and had my car done and out the door in quick time while I waited in the lounge and watched TV.  If you're looking for a reputable place and don't want to risk dealing with an unknown...call Jay and make an appointment at Eco Tint!
5	I've brought two cars here and every time they treat me with excellent customer service. They have great rates and are very understanding. I got a discount for doing a full tint job and it was fairly quick too. They have a nice waiting room with complimentary drinks and television and they always know how to treat their customers. They tint anywhere from old cars up to brand new $120k+ luxury super cars and all their tints come with lifetime warranties. If anything happens to the tint they'll replace it for free. This is definitely the place to go as far as full satisfaction. They even sent me a personally written card in the mail a few days later thanking me for my business with them. What's more to say? If you care about your car, then come here. They'll make it worthwhile.
5	Just finished getting my tint, talk a out easy!!! Called this am for a quote and they had an opening, used the yelp $20off, no tax, lifetime warranty for as long as I own the car, no extra for diff % of tint...and the kicker...done and put of there in LESS THAN ONE HOUR for my 4dr car!!! Can't beat that, plus free wifi, cable and drinks/snacks in a comfy waiting room chair??? Thank you Jay!!!!
5	These guys are a class act. I have taken 5 or 6 cars to them and they have all turned out perfectly. Most of them have been very high end vehicles and they have absolutely no problem working with anything you bring their way. They have a great waiting area while your vehicle getting done that is stocked with snacks, water, and pop.Sometime ago I had my Mustang repainted and decided to try the clear bra to avoid the paint chips that happen to the front of all cars. WOW. What a difference that makes. It is hardly noticeable and years later the front of my car looks like new. Thanks a lot guys and you will get much more business in the future!
5	Took both of my cars came out great  & did the clear bra , if I get another car I will make sure to call eco tint right up to take care of my tint
4	My brother tinted the windows on his new car recently and raved about it, so even though it's been a few months, I didn't forget. Before the arrival of my new Smart ForTwo Electric, I called for a quote and received a quick answer from Mike. So, I called for an appointment as soon as we received our car and I was very pleased to get one for the very next day with several time options. I confirmed the quote ($179) with Mike and when I told him that I had the Yelp check-in offer, he said he would take the $20 off immediately! Very nice!I arrived a couple minutes after my 1PM appointment and after quickly filling out my information, I was shown tinting options. The gentleman (he didn't introduce himself) explained that 35% was the legal limit and showed the four additional options. Each film sample featured other details as well. For example, here are the specs for the 20% tint:ATC 20 CH SR HPRVisible Light Transmission: 23%Total Solar Energy Rejection: 39%Ultraviolet Light Rejection: 99%Glare Reduction: 74%Visible Light Reflection: 8%Their brand of choice is LLumar that offers three types of tint: ATC Series, CTX Series, and Platinum Plus Series. I wasn't offered the different types of tint or informed of their differences, however, I would've chosen the ATC Series anyway for its charcoal hue. It says that the ATC is a premium dyed film that has the latest in color stability technology and has a lifetime manufacturer's warranty.For the car's windshield, they use LLumar AIR Automotive Film with a single option, AIR 80 BL SR HPR (Visible Light Transmittance: 78%, Solar Energy Rejection: 43%, Ultraviolet Light Rejection: 99%, Glare Reduction: 13%, Visible Light Reflection: 9%). Basically, it offers UV and heat protection without the dark color. It was quoted for $125, all cars.I chose to wait for my car since it was quoted for two hours. The waiting room is nice. Obviously, there's tint on their windows which keeps out the hot Vegas sun. There are two really comfortable chairs in the corners and five other chairs (I spent an hour in one of the "other" chairs before I realized there were super awesome chairs lol). There's also a 40-50" TV with Cox, free WiFi (password is located on the bottom left corner of the TV), and a refrigerator filled with Coke, Diet Coke, and water bottles. The bathroom was very clean as well. Everything was great and made my wait pleasant. The best part was being the only person there at the time and watching the Food Network.It took about 10-15 minutes longer than the estimated time and I'll admit, I was a little annoyed that no one came to tell me that it was taking longer than expected when they knew I was waiting the whole time. Also, no apology either, so I felt like there was a disregard for my time. Anyway, I was simply told an amount to pay and was surprised that the invoice wasn't shown or explained to me. I was forced to ask about its details. After ward, I was informed about the manufacturer's lifetime warranty and that there will be "blistering" in the film for the next few days, but it would be fine.My initial reaction was that the windows and windshield looked great! I got settled in the car and as I was about to leave, I noticed all the scratches on the windows/film. Although very concerned, I wasn't invited to check out the car, so I assumed if they were that confident in their work, it shouldn't be a problem. The film wasn't smooth on the windshield either. It was very visible and unfortunately in my line of sight, which made it uncomfortable to drive. But, I figured all of this could be filed under "blistering" and I would give it a few days.The good news is that just two days later and everything looks really great! All the scratches and bubbles are gone and the film is seamless. I was pretty uneasy about the marks, however, I trusted that everything would dissipate like they said it would, and I'm grateful it did. Overall, I'm definitely pleased with the superior craftsmanship and the prices are really wonderful, however, I would have appreciated better service (a time update, invoice review prior to asking for payment, and clarity regarding the tint settling in). Still, it's an obvious choice for your tinting needs!FYI: Prices are discounted during the cooler months and it's much easier to secure an appointment. Don't wait until the Summer! Also, the Yelp check-in states that no sales tax is included along with the $20 off tint or clear bra.
5	Mike the owner is awesome. Not only is the shop clean, they offer the best product. The staff was friendly and nice. The waiting lounge offered cold drinks and wifi to get my computer work done. I was starving and Mike even offered me food! Which is above and beyond service! The tint on my new ride looks great! A better car than when I arrived! Thank you Mike for the good conversation, quality service, and hospitality! Totally recommend!
5	Just moved to Las Vegas, these people were so helpful and patient explaining everything to me. They ended up doing both my Brand New Land Rover's windows, sunroof's, and even front windshields.I would highly recommend them to anyone and everyone. Thanks so much Eco Tint...........
5	Great service and attitude. Came here through a personal reference, and no doubt they deserved the patronage. Great workmanship, and I have no complaints about the tint on my vehicle. I recommend this place to anyone wanting quality service for a very reasonable price. Overall a very pleasing choice.
4	Great tint job! Very super happy, but a little sloppy on the clean-up. I have water stains and some sort of powder residue near the front windshield. I would still recommend these guys.
5	After searching through so many places on yelp, I decided to go with Eco tint. They average 5/5 stars after over 100 reviews. That's pretty impressive!I came in and talked to Mike. I told him I didn't know anything about window tint so he explained the different options I had... Type, shades, pricing, etc. I chose to go with the lumar ctx. I was quoted $229 for 5 windows. He took off $25 for checking in on yelp and also threw in the visor strip at no charge. My total came out to $204 out the door. I made my appointment for the next day at noon. I came in around half an hour early but they were still able to take my car back right away. Mike checked us in and showed us to the waiting area. He was so nice and welcoming. He told us we could change the thermostat if we felt it was too hot or cold. He had cold refreshments in the fridge as well. Oh and while we were checking in, one of his staff members came up to him and asked if he wanted anything for lunch. He extended that offer to us and told us he'd buy lunch for us... And he was totally serious! I loved it. The wait was about 1.5 hours. Once the whole thing was done, they brought my car up to the front, wiped it down and handed me the keys. They did a great job! I'm really impressed with how it turned out. The tint job comes with a warranty for as long as I own the car. I don't foresee any problems but it's great to know they have no issue with fixing it if something happens!Just FYI, if you're curious, I got the limo tint for the front visor strip. The two front windows are 35 and the rear two, plus back windows are 25. I attached pics for reference.
5	I had factory tint on the back of my 2013 jeep.  They made the front two windows look like they were all tinted at the same time.Great service, great product, great price!
5	Went here based on Yelp reviews!  Totally worth it, they were great!  Their prices can't be beat, their service is excellent.  I had them tint the windows on my microvan.  They explained the options and I even ended up having them add the clear UV protectant to the front windshield. I have recommended them to several of my neighbors.  Trust me, this is the place you want to take your vehicle to get tinted.
5	Great service and did a great job on my car! Thanks!
5	And I even received a hand written Thank You card in the mail. They couldn't be any more genuine and professional. Thank you Eco-Tint.
5	In all honesty, I was not having the best experience at Eco-Tint. Totally not what I expected which really surprised me. Considering they have such amazing reviews and a five star average. Not going to lie, I was heavily considering rating 1-2 stars. Here's what happened and why I changed my mind. I was quoted two hours for the tint job to be finished. Guess how long I had to wait...a whopping FIVE hours! Three customers who came in after me actually got to leave before me. I was getting really frustrated and just wanted to go home already. I'm the kind of person who's a little passive and shy, so I kept my patience and cool. I kindly asked about the ETA only once. Now you're probably wondering, why the heck am I rating 5 stars? First off, the tint job came out beautiful and precise. I love the way my car looks!Second, Jay was very attentive, kind, and apologetic. He checked in with me every so often, which made me feel unignored. He also explained to me why it was taking so long. Which made me totally understand because I have a business too, and things like that just happen. There's no such thing as the perfect business.Lastly, why I rated 5 stars was because of the amount of care and compensation I was given. Jay sincerely apologized about the whole situation and compensated me by adjusting my bill and giving me a box of goodies with window cleaning items! He was just being the nicest and coolest guy ever that I couldn't be mad. The owner, Mike even approached me personally and sincerely apologized and explained to me what happened. He was being very nice and even offered me with a free windshield tint for a friend. Wow! Now that's customer service! That's the way to do business.All in all, the outstanding tint job, customer service, and compensation is what nailed it for me. I was really happy how they treated me, that it made up for the super long wait time. Thanks so much guys. Just because of that I WILL be back. Hopefully next time with a more accurate ETA ;) For those who are wondering, I got the CTX 30% all around and CTX 50% on the windshield.
5	These guys are great! Very professional! Totally recommend this company to anyone who needs to get a tint before the summer. Will be coming back!
5	Just had a second vehicle done by these guys despite a 45 minute drive to get there. Good work & honest prices. Highly recommended!
5	Great place with great service. Very happy with the job they did on my Mini Countryman. Thanks Jay & Mike.
5	Went to Eco-Tint because they had 135 reviews and 5 stars. After today I know why. I swear I was in and out in less than 30 minutes. Totally worth the drive from the East side of town. I highly recommend Eco-Tint.
5	I called to make my appointment over the phone and I was surprised that I could not get a appt. the same day, which I was sort of sad about because I wanted my windows tinted right away. I knew that this was probably a good sign being that they were pretty busy and that I had to wait a few days. On the day of my appt. I showed up and the guy at the front verified my appt., and asked me what tint I wanted. I wasn't sure about hat to get and in my mind on the way there I was thinking that I would probably get 20% tint. The guy showed me the difference of a few different shades and we decided on the 15% all around which I'm happy I got. I went to wait in the small waiting room and they had wifi and cox cable provided as they do their work if you're going to stay. I expected to wait at least a few hours so I brought my iPad. Oh! They also have drinks provided like soda and water that are free. One hour later I has my car and was given the warranty and instructions on how to care for the car. Overall I was pretty happy with the tint job. They did do a great job and was impressed. There were a few smudge marks on the center console in the back because of their shoes probably but if was able to get it off. I was very observant as this was my two week old 2014 honda civic and it has somewhat of a light interior. Nothing crazy and they did not damage anything. Three weeks later I receive a small thank you card in the mail which was extremely cool! Don't think I've been to any company that has done this. It was handwritten, had my name and my car model which means they took the time. Thanks again Eco-Tint, for the great tint job and Grade A+ customer service!
5	The service is outstanding! The pricing cannot be beat. I will definitely be recommending eco tint to all my friends and family! I dealt with 2 employees there, and both went out of there way, to ensure that my experience was second to none! If you need tint, look no further, this is the place to go!
5	I've had several different cars and trucks tinted at Eco-Tint. And the outcome of all of them has been incredible. I always send my friends and family over to Mike and the team. They do a great job, and have great customer service. You have a customer for life! Thanks again!
5	I called to make an appointment solely on the reviews here. It was a great call! I was in an out of there within an hour. Jay took good care of me. The tint job looks like the car came that way. I love that I don't need to use my night mirror any more. The tint really cuts the glare at night. I'm going to tell all my friends to go here and am going to call Eco-Tint back to see about having the windows at home done!
5	This is my second time here  Love this place .     They do such great work ..     This is the only place to bring your car to get tinted ,.  Jay and Mike are great to work with  I got windshield tinted and the rest of the car also .  Also getting the headlights protected also   My daughter is getting her car done here also .  Thank you guys for another great job
5	Top notch professional shop and great customer service.  Thanks to Mike and his team for a great job on our tint!
5	Mike does amazing work! I elected for ceramic all the way around, with 40% in the doors and 5% in the back section, and had the air blue 80 on the windshield. It turn out amazing and there was no rainbow effect when wearing polarized sunglasses! I can't talk to you about wait times because I left the car there all day. I'm pretty sure I was the first to drop off and last to pick up.
5	This is the only place I will get my windows tinted from now on. They quoted me a 2 hour wait and my car was finished in 1 hour and 45 minutes! I love how dark the tint is and how cool it keeps my vehicle in the Vegas heat. Five STARS! and I will be referring all my family and friends from now on!
5	I had an opportunity to speak with the owner, Mike, this afternoon by telephone. I am in the process of selecting a shop to perform a total window tint job on my minivan...yes my minivan. After speaking with several "top" shops either in person or by telephone, I decided to schedule an appointment with Eco-Tint even though they couldn't fit me in for over a week which is a bummer I must admit. Why? The candor and brutal honesty that Mike conveyed to me during our lengthy and at times philosophical chat about the tint business and how he runs his own, really sold me on his shop. There was no attempt to up-sell me and he was the only individual who actually explained how auto tint functions and why the results vary between a vehicle at rest versus a vehicle traveling on a highway, for example. I didn't feel like I was having a manufacturer's brochure read to me over the phone while trying to get me in for an appointment as soon as possible which is the experience I had with several other shops. He is the only owner that I am aware of who doesn't vary the price based on the make/model of the vehicle in question. His quote came in about $100 less than the other highly rated competitors and I am extremely eager to witness the final product. I look forward to writing a post-install review and I hope these words resonate with others who have had similar experiences and are looking for a place to spend their money on a tint job for their respective vehicle. I'll be back after the 16th for the epilogue -  Alex H.
5	Thanks so much Mike and Jay.  You did a great job on my car.  I love it when I can refer a friend knowing that they will receive exceptional service.  You guys are so professional and do such a great job explaining all of my options.  As soon as I purchase my home, I will have you do my residential windows also.
5	I just got my windows tinted this morning and they look amazing.  I can definitely tell a difference in the temp of my car.  Also the waiting room is amazing, comfy chairs nice tv and a fridge full of soda and water.  They really know what they are doing.  Great customer service.
5	Great customer service by knowledgable, friendly staff. Not true cheapest place in town but you get what you pay for. Highly quality tint and great service. Worth every penny, money well spent. I highly recommend them.
5	I am a pain in the ass. And I had battery issue and they reimbursed me for it without me even asking. This is on top of the fact that they did an awesome job on my full tint of my Acura TL. The least I can do is write a review about how good their customer service and professionalism is. It's rare you find that combination anymore in today's world, and Eco Tint is a prime example of a business that exemplifies both of those key characteristics. Thanks fellas.
5	This is a follow-up review to my previous post that described how I arrived at Eco-Tint in the first place and the selection process for the install. Now that the work is complete I can truly say that I am very pleased with all facets of the work. From the time you arrive and are greeted by Jay who will help you select the right tint for your particular vehicle/circumstance to the delivery process, everything at Eco-Tint is first class. They helped me pick a tint that would be dark enough from an aesthetic standpoint but not too dark to impede night vision. They also did not try to up-sell me at all into a more expensive type of tint because it wouldn't have been particularly beneficial to me given the typical use of my vehicle. They have a very comfortable lounge which has wi-fi access, a restroom, cable tv and a restroom. The entire process took under two hours and they were incredibly busy when I arrived. I would highly recommend this shop to anyone looking to get their vehicle(s) tinted as their combination of professionalism, customer service and pricing are second to none. If you get a chance to "chop it up" with the owner Mike, I highly encourage you to do so. He's a really cool dude and will explain the products to you in hyper detail as well as answer any questions you might have completely to your satisfaction. It was truly a pleasure getting to know him throughout this process. Should I have a any warranty needs/concerns, I would feel completely comfortable approaching him or anyone at the shop about having that issue examined and addressed if necessary. Give them a chance to earn your business because if you do, I have a sneaking suspicion you'll end up choosing them to do your install.
5	I went searching all over Las Vegas to find a place to tint my car; finally I used Yelp to make my search easier. I found Eco-Tint and I am glad I went to them. They were prompt, efficient, and the tint job looks amazing. They take care of their customers and follow up with a thank you card and business card in case you need to contact them.
1	This place deserves 1 star. 1 star because not the quality of work but rather based on the experience I had on the estimate. I was greeted by a man name Jay. From reading all the reviews on yelp, I casted an opinion of Eco tint in my head that this place is friendly and willing to work with the customer. I was wrong...I went in about 5:00pm to get an estimate. After waiting 3 minutes or so someone finally helped me. As he greeted me I asked for an estimate for my 2004 Lexus is300. He paused for a second as if he didn't want to help me and my presence there is wasting his time. So he ran down the prices of the basic tint. As he forgot to mention and I had to bring up, I asked about the ceramic. He asked "how often are you in your car?" I told him that rarely am I in my car but when I am I don't want to feel the heat as much. He told me that if I'm not in my car, 'Ceramic tint is a waste'. You guys heard it from the source. Ceramic tint is a waste he said. I'm like that's fine. After our discussion about ceramic we started to talk about front windshield tint. He said if anything needs to be ceramic the front windshield tint. I was definitely interested in that.After all that, I told him to write down everything on a piece of paper so I could look over when I get home. I'm doing tint shopping so I have every right to want to see numbers written down so I can decide. As I asked him to write it down, it was as if he didn't want to. He wanted to sell right then and there... After that he immediately looked into availability in the system. I didn't even ask or tell him I was going to bring my car in. He was really trying to up sell saying that "we get tons of appointments and sometimes if you call your car won't be ready to be worked on until next month" after that I was immediately turned off. Jay gave me this price for my car. $229 for the basic tint (a little steep in my opinion) Additional options: $125 for front windshield $75 for any ceramic upgrade. Tint comes with warranty but does not cover accidental warranty. You would think for the price it would be?? Way too much for tint!! I'm not going to knock off their business but if you're going to get tint, SHOP AROUND! And the person trying to sell you tint should understand that. He compared shopping around for tint as 'apples to oranges' exclaiming you won't get a better deal anywhere else. I stand corrected. People do your research. Know what you want. If you want good workmanship go here I guess. But if you want to feel pressured and feel bad for asking little things so their business can survive, go here I guess lol. Definitely taking my hard earned money somewhere else.
5	I had work done elsewhere, here in Las Vegas and wasn't all that happy with the work. I took my new Stingray into Eco-Tint and had a clear bra and window tint done on it. Mike and Jay have been wonderful to do business with. They do business the old fashion way, the customer comes first. This is the only place I will use for all of my cars or recommend to any of my friends. Thanks Mike and Jay for your excellent care of my car and me.
5	Great place to get your car tinted.  They do such a good clean work. Got winshield clear coat and tint all around on my vehicle.Will bring my next car to this guys, without hesitation. Dropped off at 8am, picked it up around noon time, all tinted up Thanks Eco-Tint
5	Took my second vehicle in for a windshield tint only as the rest of the car was already tinted. What a difference that made! I was concerned about visibility but with the 80% film it's almost translucent and actually cuts the glare during the day quote nicely. The owner Mike was a pleasure to deal with and is a class act across the board. They've earned a customer for life and if I purchase a different home in the future I will certainly be calling Mike to tint out the house which makes such a difference out here in the desert! Thx again Mike!!!! You the man
5	Mike and Jay are great!  I've had a 2011 F-350, 2012 VW Golf, and a 2014 F-250 tinted by these folks and everyone of the vehicles came out better than any product I've seen around the country.The process is quite simple.  Give them a call and find out you have a week + wait to get in.  At first that is discouraging, but you have to realize that this place is always slammed; especially in the summer months.  The reason?  The quality of work.Next you find they are not the cheapest.  That's fine.  I know what it means to always go for the lowest bidder and if you manage your expectations, you will be fine with the lowest bidder.  I do believe these folks do top knotch work at very competitive prices.  Combine good work with a high quality tint (Llumar and Air Blue) and great customer service and you have EcoTint.  I've sent many folks to their doors when asked if I know of a good tint installer.  Today I'm brining my brother in who drove from OK to visit me / get his truck tinted.  I'm sure they will do a great job and I'm excited to see the results.
5	Great job on all the cars we have brought here.  Best customer service in town of any tint retailer and the waiting room is very comfy
5	AMAZING customer service, great product! HIGHLY recommend this company.
5	I wanted to wait before I wrote this review, so here we go ~I was getting my boyfriend's new car tinted as a birthday present, and my dad pointed this place out.I called in an appointment on a Thursday, hoping to get seen the same day, but they were booked - since it's our only day off together, we decided to wait a week. The following Thursday, we headed down there in one car (my mistake), talked to Jay who was very friendly, although obviously busy. No worries, we can go walk around for a couple hours! We ended up walking to the Orleans for lunch, and Jay gave us an estimate time of completion and updated us as well. Got the car back, looking sexy as hell, and happily drove off. It's been 3 weeks now, and I can say my boyfriend is extremely glad we got it tinted - I decided on getting him the heat blocker windshield, and I'm now pretty jealous of not getting my own car done. He has praised over and over how much "cooler" his car is than mine. Overall, very happy with the work done. And I'm getting more home-cooked meals from his appreciation. Woot!
5	I had my 2014 MDX tinted here....great job! I made an appointment for 1:00 and within an hour, as quoted, I was out the door...I highly recommend this business.
1	Worst tinting company in Las Vegas. First they didn't even schedule my appointment correctly. Put me in for 11 instead of 12. I arrived at 12:15. Entered the lobby and nobody is there. Although you can hear people having random chit chats in the other room while customers are waiting for them. There was also 1 person waiting in front of me. 15 minutes goes by before anyone even comes out to greet the waiting customers. They finally acknowledge the 1st customer and so I wait for them to finish up with the 1st customer which takes another 15 minutes so I had to wait 30 minutes before I even talked to anybody. When I finally get to the counter, he tells me my appointment was for 11 and straight out told me to leave with the rudest attitude ever. I told him my appointment was for 12. He then says, then you're still 45 minutes late and continues to tell me to get out of there. And he doesn't just tell you to get out. He treats you like you're the lowest scum on the Earth and rolls his eyes while talking to you. I have no idea how a place like this can stay in business with this level of customer service. They make me wait there for 30 minutes before they even acknowledge me and have the nerve to tell me to get the hell out because I was 15 minutes late. To top it off, as I'm walking out the door, he continues to yell out at me and says "it's like a doctor's appointment, if you're not on time, you're screwed". F- on all accounts for this place.
5	Great job on my Honda Accord window tint. Customer service was great. Had wifi and a room to watch tv while you wait. There was soda and water available.
5	Business owner here, My time is valueble.  Eco - Tint had me in and out of there in 15 minutes tops for my brand new Dodge Durango.  The owner came out and shook my hand and asked me if he could get anything for me.  The room I had to wait in, was air conditioned with a fridge and cable TV, lot's of reading material and a clean bathroom.  I wouldn't believe any bad feedback anyone leaves this company, I would say it would have to be a competitor cause these guys are top notch.  Nothing but smiles and helpful information.  If you complain about price, you're cheap and shouldn't be tinting your vehicle anyways, get movin' along.
5	This is the third time I have had work done by Eco-Tint, first my car, second my husband's car, and now third my car again.  I had my car broken into yesterday and the back window was shattered.  I called that day thinking it would take a couple weeks for me to get an appointment being it is summertime and they are a busy place.  I talked to Mike and he told me he would fit me in the next day after I got my window replaced!  Not only did they fit me in today, but they got me in and out quick (which is very appreciative when I have my 16 month in tow).  They do great work and have amazing customer service.  He also told me over the phone that if my insurance wouldn't cover my re-tinting he wouldn't charge me which I thought was an amazing thing to offer.  I highly recommend these guys.
5	These guys are very professional. I took my truck in for the the temp shield on the windshield and they got me out of there in just over an hour. The only reason I went to them was because of the  beautiful work they did my buddies car, with the clear bra. It looked awesome, and the way they were treated by the guys made me make the appt. right then and there. Thanks eco-tint.
5	Eco Tint was not only quick and cheap for the INCREDIBLE job they did but Mike was also SO nice and had incredible knowledge to help me make the best tint shade decision! I highly recommend for tinting your windows!
5	I have been there 3 times for 3 different vehicles. And every time they out do themselves from the prior visit.  Mike & Courtney are amazing. They are very pleasant and very fast. Thank you, Thank you!
5	Third time here and will return with every vehicle I purchase. Jay and Mike are great and the tint quality is amazing. I will continue to recommend Eco-Tint to everyone. They have delivered quicker than anticipated on each visit.
5	My husband and I have used this place for two of our cars an 2009 Audi A4 and my 2014 Audi A4 and we are about to take our 2012 Jetta TDI there next week. I just picked up my 2014 A4 yesterday and I was very impressed at the work they did. First off they were very helpful, I was greeted nicely and they provided a helpful breakdown of all the tint options they provide (pros/cons and legalities). I also wanted to have my headlights and tail lights smoked out, but they informed me it might not be the best idea and could draw too much unwanted attention. So rather than making the sale they were more concerned with what could happen to me and talked me out of doing this. And I thank them for their honest opinion about the products they have. The waiting room is nice, they provide free snacks, soda and water along with cable TV and free wi-fi! Additionally they are quite fast, I had all five windows done and a eyebrow and this work took only a couple hours! I wanted to take a moment to defend Eco-Tint too from the review provided by Chris R. First off there is a sign on their counter stating "please wait a moment by the front desk and someone will be with you shortly". All those guys there work in the back! so give them a chance! And they talked you out of the ceramic tint to save you money, not to say this product is not worth getting. If you were a truck driver, who is always on the road then this would be economical for them. But for everyone else it may not be, thats all they were trying to say. Furthermore I don't believe he was trying to be rude about your car estimate. He just told me a story yesterday about how they did a very old, beat up car for a lady and she was sooo happy about the job they did, she even said her car doesn't look like a junker any more. They don't discriminate by any means about who brings what ever car in. So I hope that doesn't deter anyone from going to this place. These guys are great and you should bring your cars here!!!
5	I will recommend Eco-Tint to every body, when I called to have Tinting put on my MBZ CLS, they fit me in the same day and had my cars front windshield, four side windows and rear window finished on time the same day, workmanship was flawless we are verry happy, they are professional and reasonable, being a company owner myself with many employees I appreciate the good service these fellow gave me,Keep up the great work guys.Steven
5	I love my car and just got it painted... these guys came HIGHLY recommended by several car fanatics at work. I'm making my appointment now so i can get in after the paint has cured. I can't wait!BOY are these guys good! What a difference! VERY HAPPY! I'd recommend them in a heart beat and already have. They were  ready when i arrived and finished as they had promised. One of the few places in town that live up to what they promise and don't try to over sell you. I'm going to take my other car in for tint as soon as i get the time.
5	Amazing work and my car looks fantastic! Called ahead, made an appointment, two hours in and out. Great job and super friendly staff.
4	Went on Yelp to look for recommended tinting services and saw Eco-tint along with its high rating. Gave them a call and Mike answered all my questions and set me up with an appointment that afternoon. I arrived at the store and was greeted by Jay and he went over the different types and % of tint. I decided to get the CTX  over the ATC with 35% tint on the front driver and passenger door  and 15% tint for the rear passenger doors and window 15% ($275) because I will be traveling across country soon. I also went with the Air Blue ($180) for the windshield  plus limo visor tint ($30). At first I was confused at the price but realized the  the the Air blue is an additional price for  the Windshield.  The waiting room has candy, water, soda and a TV to while you wait for your tinting. ;D They said it would take  2 hours to install and relatively 2 hours later...done. Went outside to look at he finished product and was impressed. That weekend, my family went to Cali and the drive was pleasant. The family was comfortable and my arm was not being burnt while i was driving. Even when parked outside for a time, the inside was not an oven when I entered.  Yes, the price was a little high, but it was in the middle of summer so I can't really complain. I heard that the price goes lower after summer but I couldn't wait. Other than that, excellent service and life time warranty!  Would come again, and more likely during their off season. Haven't received my letter yet, but I'm sure it will come soon.    P.S They don't do the $20 off for checking in on yelp. It's now either $10 off or a window cleaning kit. I went for the window cleaning kit.
5	I contacted Eco-Tint via their website email on Sunday the 31st over Labor Day weekend, and I was not expecting a response till that following business day, which would be Tuesday. To my surprise I received a response within 15 minutes, I couldn't believe it. I contacted the owner Mike on Tuesday to schedule an appointment for Thursday. I came into the shop was greeted by Jay within 3 minutes, he explained my options with a friendly smile. I turned my keys over and proceeded to the waiting room. A comfortably cool room with complimentary A&W Root Beer (my absolute favorite)and wifi. 30 minutes later my truck was done!I'm terribly IMPRESSED by the attentive, quick and professional service that was delivered by Mike, Jay and the whole Eco-Tint crew. Thanx!
5	Came to these guys 2 years ago for tinting.  Picked up a new car and since there is not a better place for tint in the valley, i'm back. 6 stars for these guys.David
1	Let me start this with...." BEWARE OF A BUSINESS THAT HAS ALL 5 STAR REVIEWS !I bought a new Fiat 500 and wanted to get the windows tinted. I went online and did some research looking for the BEST tint job in the southwest area. After reading all of their EXCELLENT reviews , I decided to use ECO-TINT. They were the most expensive out of all the window tinters in the area ($40 or more). I checked their website and they claim that all of their tinting is computer cut and NOTHING is hand cut or cut while on the car. So I paid the extra because I couldnt find another window tinter that stressed NO cutting on the car. They told me this again when I showed up for my appointment.After about an hour of waiting , an employee named Jay comes out, tells me to follow him in the back to check his work. He was putting on tinting on the top of my windshield and asked me how I liked it. He told me this is the first Fiat 500 windshield he has done. He did it in two pieces and it was completely hand cut. I WATCHED him trim it with a razor , while it was on my windshield. This was NOT computer cut like they claimed. They finished the job after about 1 hour 45 mins and I left.A few days later I was getting some groceries out of the hatchback. I noticed that the tinting on the hatchback had been handcut also. I immediately drove back to ECO-TINT and told Mike the owner about my concerns of NOT being computer cut. I told him that I watched Jay handcut the windshield and I feel the same thing was done on the rear window. All he told me was how wrong I was and everything is computer cut.He scolded Jay in front of me for letting a customer see him do this by hand. In the next sentence MIKE pulls out a metal file from his apron and shows me this is how they cut the side windows. They put an oversized piece of window film on your window and then cut the top edge with a METAL file. Yes a metal file rubbing on your glass windows. After fighting for a few months with Mike and VISA, we settled on him taking off the window tinting and refunding my money. The non-professionals at eco-tint took longer to take the film off than put it on. They left my widows filthy dirty and had to have my car detailed. I took my car for a second and third opinion to other shops before the tinting was removed. They both agreed that ECO-TINT is just plain full of crap when they say ALL COMPUTER CUT. Everything is hand trimmed on your vehicle. I got  a better job done right up the street from these liars for $160 instead of $204. BEWARE OF businesses without any bad reviews. I hope this helps. Have a Great Day !A.J.ECO - TINT  has been reported to the B.B.B.The owner is a liar and a thief. He is also being investigated by VISA and CAPITAL ONE. He has alot to learn about customers and I will do my best to make sure of this.If anyone doesnt believe what I have said. Just ask Mike or Jay to show you how they trim your window film with a metal file. NOBODY in the tint business uses this stupid and destructive practice ! If it was all computer cut......IT WOULDNT HAVE TO BE TRIMMED WITH A FILE.Hey Mike ....how many times you going to change your comment. Six times so far. Cant get it right ? And I will bet you Jay's wages for 1 YEAR that he brought me into the " hidden and off limits " garage where you do your tinting. You are very ignorant to try and make me look like a liar. Usually its the first defense by a habitual liar. I have taken screen shots of all your editing. What a loser of a business owner to keep this going on.
5	Just an update: got a complimentary post card from Eco-Tint, I think this an awesome thing to do by the way. Very surprising and pleasant! :)Also, car tints are still looking great!
5	I have used a few different shops in town for our window tinting and it seems like I can never get the job done right. All I can say is, thank you Eco Tint for the customer service.  Mike the owner, really does care about getting you what you need/want and in a timely manner. I bought a brand new 2014 Nissan Titan and needed some film so I decided to give Eco Tint a try and all I can say is I have never received such good service for window tinting. In the past I have used a few other companies in town and had issues with the tint peeling off on the corners but with Eco Tint it's been over 6 months and it all still looks like new. I also had them add the clear film to the from windshield to block the heat which I have never done and during the 115 summer heat it made a big difference. The entire staff from Jay at the front desk to Mike the owner made me feel like family and I will be sure to use them again when I get my wife her next car which will be soon.  Thanks Eco Tint!
5	Had a great experience at Eco-tint. Called and they said they'd start working on it as soon as show up at the shop. Took about an hour for them to finish putting on the tint on my Dodge Challenger, and it has a lifetime warranty. Great service! Fast and efficient.
1	Avoid going here. Regardless of how much or how little money you make, the work as well as the product you're buying, the tint, comes out terrible and you'll waste your time and money having to get the job re-done again by someone competent.I had to get the tint re-done on my Lexus after it had been on my existing car for a few years and was starting to come off. I wanted a darker tint done, 5%, that had a charcoal or grey hue to it, not the green or brown like most of the cheaper tints out there. I was told the best tint they offered was a Llumar ceramic that would fit the need of what I was looking for. After having the work done and receiving the vehicle, I noticed in the daylight the tint had exactly what I didn't want, it was green. I also had the front windshield tinted slightly, and there was a horrible distortion of view, it wasn't the light allowance, it was the actual distortion of vision, what looked like to be streaks, spots, and blurred areas and swirl marks that between the glass and the tint itself. On a side note, I tried a new store on my own research, after not going to where everyone else told me to go, I had one of the best jobs I've seen done to a car after living in Las Vegas for 9 years. And then here's where it gets interesting, I was told the Eco-tint they pulled off my car, that had the botched job done to it, wasn't even the cermic tint they upsold me on. SO IN SHORT, NOT ONLY DID THEY FAIL TO DO A COMPETENT JOB AND DECENT WORK, THEY ALSO LIED TO ME ABOUT WHAT THE PRODUCT WAS THAT THEY INSTALLED.
5	Got my Acura TLX tinted here and it only took them an hour to finish the all the windows including the windshield. There are no bubbles. I went with the ceramic and you will notice a huge difference with the temperature in the car. I was helped by Jay and they did a good job on my tint.
5	Called the day of and had great service via phone, dropped my car with Jay and they gave me a call 2 hours later to pick it up. Great service and great work will keep them at 5 stars!
1	Mike, You're welcome for the review and unfortunately it wasn't a positive one. However in response to your comment about my review, I don't know why you wouldn't be able to find a record of my job. It isn't my responsibility to maintain track of that but I do keep all records for myself of any vehicle work done and can provide that to you if necessary. Regarding the complaint, I didn't feel the need, I was lied to about a service and product, why should I have any hope of it getting resolved in a proper manner and waste more time to no avail? I'm extremely busy myself as I know you are as well. I will have to disagree with you on saying this isn't 100% false as I can provide the work order for you. Regarding who my problem was with, message me directly your direct contact information and Ill provide you with that, I don't believe its professional, respectful, or safe to call someone out by their name over the internet as I believe everyone has the right to respected privacy even after considering the circumstances, so please contact me if you're interested in inquiring further and putting resolve to this issue. If not, I fully understand and and the issue remains, but I do look forward to your request of further inquisition. Regards, Chris
5	A quick update on an issue I had with a tint job on my vehicle. The owner messaged me directly and after making contact with him, we came to an agreement to resolve the problem which he handled promptly and professionally. He was extremely knowledgeable about the product he sells, the industry he's in, and genuinely cares about delivering the best possible service. Absolutely well handled and I'm supremely confident that even if something happens unexpectedly which can be common with vehicle repair and work anywhere, you won't be left alone to figure it out by yourself as the owner is direct, honest, and only wants the best service for his customers.
5	Awsome to work with...had security film put on our house. They worked quickly and did a great job. They scheduled a time to do the work and showed up promptly.
5	The customer service here is insanely good. I picked up a new car and wanted it wrapped before driving out of state. The problem is that it was the day after Christmas and Eco-Tint was closed. Mike came in regardless and spent all evening wrapping my car. He wouldn't even let me buy him dinner.You don't find this level of service at many places, I will happily give all my future business to Eco-Tint and recommend them to all of my friends.
5	We called a day ahead to get our new VW Jetta TDI tinted. We were coming from about 5 hours away and were given a time for the appointment but were told to call if we were going to be early. They were really friendly while on the phone. When we showed up we were greeted and offered a ride to the nearest casino as it was going to take a little while. We didn't stay at the casino long and walked back. When we got back, we were offered drinks and snacks. While waiting for our car to be done Jay gave us tips for things to do while in Las Vegas. Great customer service. We will be back soon to get the front windshield done. Also got a thank you post card in the mail within a few days!! Thank you Jay and Eco-tint.
5	This was my 4th car with these guys.  Highly recommended if you want professional quality ceramic tinting done.
5	I read all the impressive reviews and decided to try Eco Tint.  Their service was excellent, they scheduled me right away, and the job turned out excellent!  There isn't much more I could have expected from them.  Very friendly to boot. I would recommend to anyone wanting quality tint work done right.
5	As usual, my yelper family has not let me down. Eco-tint was a dream to work with, friendly, cost effective for a great product, and efficient. Their tint comes with a lifetime warranty which is always a great piece of mind to have.I highly recommend throwing Eco-tint your business of you are in the market for window tinting.
