3	The food is exactly what you'd expect from a place called Hong Kong Taste.  Here's the breakdown of my rating:4 stars for a cheap Chinese restaurant having quite a few vegetarian options.3 stars for the food taste (and they do spicy levels upon request).2 stars for food quality (it isn't awful, but likely has astronomic levels of sodium and/or MSG).1 star for their delivery driver (he's literally stupid and really rude, even though we tip him).0 stars for them not listening to us and giving us 3 billion sauce packets, a menu, and free crab rangoon (we're vegetarians!) - very wasteful.  We are very against waste.All that averaged out equals 2 stars, but I gave them a 3 because my rating is more food-based than service-based, and restaurants like this are automatically starting out @ 2.5 stars to begin with based on what most are usually like.  The only thing that actually surprised me is positive: the veggie options.  My rating likely wouldn't change unless the food quality and veggie options were taken to a new level, but in my opinion the Etna/Shaler area definitely needs an Asian restaurant with the likes of China Palace (Shadyside), Thai Cuisine (Bloomfield), or Thai Place (Shadyside, Fox Chapel, Wexford).
3	Good take out style chinese...got the lunch special and couldn't even finish it It was so big...same dude was there staring at me.  Maybe hes the delivery driver?
5	Was told to try this takeout...it's good Chinese food..and service is fast for delivery.  So just tried them out today.  Prices are really reasonable...a good amount of food...but just ehhhhhh.....didn't really taste that great...will not be ordering from here again
1	I tried this for the first time after living in the area for 8 months, and I am sitting here with $27 of Chinese food that all has a strange taste/odor about it. It's a weird smoky sweet taste that's in everything I ordered. I ordered shrimp lo mein, moo goo gai pan, steamed dumplings and shrimp egg rolls with the intention of having leftovers for lunch and dinner tomorrow. It's a shame that I'm going to be throwing away all this food because I can't get restaurant nightmares out of my head. Something isn't right about it.
