4	I was trying to kill some time Downtown last night while waiting to meet my husband for dinner.  I stopped at The Beat to look at some vinyl, talked to some homeless guy that was standing in the middle of Fremont Street... you know, the normal Downtown Thursday night stuff.  I was on my way to grab a happy hour special or two at Park on Fremont when I noticed the new coffee shop/news stand at Inspire Theater was finally open.  So I took a chance over there instead.The coffee shop just opened up a couple days ago and was still pretty quiet inside.  They offered a large menu of hot and chilled caffeinated beverages, as well as hot chocolate and some other drinks for those who aren't caffeine junkies.  I'm honestly not a coffee person, but will have one on a rare occasion and so I ordered a Caramel Macchiato Frappe.  A small is $5 and a large is $6.  They don't provide ounces for the sizes on their menu and since I'm not a Starbucks person I don't have anything to compare it to for you folks at home.  Sorry!Despite being a brand new coffee place, the girl behind the counter knew exactly what she was doing and had my order ready for me in no time.  It was delicious and had plenty of whipped cream and caramel drizzle to satisfy my inner fatty.  I took a seat inside and enjoyed the expansive, bright space not known to many coffee shops.  There were magazines galore hanging on the walls and great music playing overhead (AC/DC, Van Morrison, and Pearl Jam to name a few).  This is definitely my kind of place.The only thing that I couldn't figure out is if you can take down the magazines from the walls to read.  I guess I could have asked, but since I had a book with me I didn't bother.  I'm assuming you can (they were all current, why else would they be there?), but being new and with only a couple people inside, not one magazine was out of place.  I would feel safe saying that will all change soon.After reading some articles online, it looks as though they will eventually have some to-go options for food available down the road.  I didn't see any of that last night.  Also, this is supposed to be a news stand with the largest newspaper selection in town.  Again, I didn't see any of that.  It's possible I missed these things, so be on the lookout for them!A great new addition to Downtown- but like all things Downtown, it will quickly become trendy and crowded.  Get there soon before that happens!
4	Good coffee and a really cool atmosphere! I was confused when I walked in because the coffee counter was in a little nook that I walked right past. I almost tried to awkwardly order from the fellow standing at the ready to print books with the Espresso Book Machine (I think that's what it is called). There is no food yet, but I think he may have implied there will be in the future. Pastry would have been an awesome addition to the caramel macchiato, which was not overly sweet.The design is very aesthetically pleasing with Danish modern and midcentury furniture and an otherwise semi-industrial look. The magazines all over the walls call out to be perused, and there is a wooden stair/riser contraption with cushions. The layout is a bit awkward, with two-person cafe tables parked in front of couches. The space would benefit from a bit of rearrangenent to accommodate the crowd that will inevitably want to spend time here.It makes me think of a library in the best way (I am a former librarian, so of course I love that). I was somewhat unclear, though, on whether it's cool to just loaf around and sample magazines at the tables or whether you are expected to purchase for that pleasure.I read that there will be a pop-up bookstore nearby soon. A very welcome addition!
4	I've come to the Inspire cafe a couple times now in the evening. I am really happy that there is another option to get coffee and socialize with friends. The space looks really nice, I especially liked the wooden stairs with the magazine stands behind it. It has a modern and clean aesthetic to it, without being too cold. I would like some nice, comfy couches to lounge on though.The coffee is a tad bit expensive for the size of the beverage, but it was nice and strong! The coffee is from Illy, and the mugs were designed by Pedro Almodovar. LOVE!The first time I came here I wandered around looking at all of the magazines. They have an expertly curated selection of magazines, ranging in subjects like art ps and humanities, to domestic and foreign policy and everything in between. FYI, they magazines are for purchase (I had to ask!). I could've bought five, they all looked so pretty and  interesting, but they were kind of expensive. BUT I want to say that some might be small, independent little magazines publishers, so you'd be helping a local publisher (by local I mean U.S.). Next time perhaps. May I suggest they try carrying David Chang's glorious venture Lucky Peach? That would be a hit with Yelpers.I am most excited about coming to the cafe during the day, those big windows are just screaming to let the sunshine in and illuminate the area and inspire future playwrights and poets. And lo and behold, they have a printing press! Definitely a must for any visit to the DTLV area to hang out or wait for a show upstairs at the Inspire Theater.
1	Nice place, good coffee but no heavy cream?! Have to find other places with heavy cream in house for my cappuccinos.
5	Hippy dippy coffee waffy news woozey chilly willy buzzy wuzzy goodness for all the people.  Lots of seats inside and outside on the street to be ready to people watch off Fremont canopy and read the news, mags, and books laying around.  I give it the full 5 star, very cool new joint in the Fremont East District for coffee.  Check out the theatre at night. Hipster central!  5 star local vegas...get some in your cup!!
3	There is potential here, with a comfortable sitting area filled with hipsters on their  laptops and magazines adorning the walls.  To be honest I didn't think there were that many magazines still in print. There is a small.  repeat, small coffee stand just in the hallway of the cafe.  Although the website says they have snacks and grab and go items, I didn't see any, nor was anyone manning the coffee stand.  If they had little protein lunches like other chains or mini sandwiches, I would have stayed instead of wandering out to Freemont.  Still, this is a different place than your usual coffee shop and for Freemont Street it is quite unique.  I hope it does well and stays.
5	I dig this place so much, nobody bothers you and you can never be bored with all of the selections it offers.
4	This place has good music and great coffee. I usually order a $3 black iced coffee. Too bad that it costs another $3 for a refill. I might come more often if i didnt feel so robbed.
4	I really like Inspire's ambiance! I find the magazines very fitting since they offer a very inspirational brain break. The music was very soothing and hip. My boyfriend and I enjoyed a mango smoothie and an iced tea. The only thing I would suggest was that it would start serving cafe food like muffins and/or donuts.
4	It's a nice looking place to sip a cup of coffee with a laptop.The location is good, maybe too good, at the intersection of Las Vegas Blvd and Fremont Street. However it might sound too loud for a cafe, it's actually quiet inside if you visit before evening.
