1	It gets one star for being slower than most Wendy's and opened only until 12. This is a college campus, people are up all night, it needs to be open atleast until 2. Terrible marketing if you ask me. Value menu sucks, worst Wendy's I've been to. I mean what can someone expect from a Wendy's anyway? Oh, I don't know LATE night food   and cheap prices for cheap food. Well this one has neither. Awful business.
3	I don't like this Wendy's too much. The Wendy's from where I'm originally from is really old but was renovated too look Starbucks-esque, has decent service, and is cheap. This Wendy's is brand new, but the layout looks really old and everything is more expensive. The last time I went in there I waited by the abandoned cash register for 5 minutes while two workers chatted nearby. They didn't acknowledge me in anyway. When the cashier came she was friendly but was rushing to multitask while her coworkers chatted away.EDIT: They have a value menu now that is still kind of expensive, but I still give this place 2 stars.EDIT 2 (April 2014): This Wendy's now has the regular dollar menu (small frosty, crispy chicken, chili, nuggets, etc.). I'm guessing they did this to compete with the McDonald's that will be opening around the block in a few months. It looks like they have replaced some of their old workers with new ones that are more friendly. I go here every once in a while now. 3 stars
1	This has got to be the worst  Wendy's I've ever been to. First off, the prices for the value menu are just too high. When you go to a fast food place, it's quite customary for all items on the value menu to be between $1 and $2. The lowest priced item on the value menu was $1.50. Most items on it were $2.50. There was only one customer in front of me but service was as slow as taking a highly constipated dump.
1	In a rush in the midst of studying for a final I ordered a salad and a baked potato -- to go. The service was fast, "great!", I thought!  But after making the trek all the way back to the library on the other end of campus I unfortunately discovered that they didn't give me any flatware to eat with. When I order two things that are impossible to eat without a fork TO GO forgetting flatware is unacceptable.
3	Wendy's always delivers at a high level.  Their value menu is a little over priced but everything else is up to snuff.  Great for lunch on the go.
5	Burgers are fresh and tasty. Doesn't have that stale taste of fast food. Plenty of seating upstairs. It's a nice lunch spot for me and my friends.
1	I ordered a medium fries to go...takes 10 minutes...there were 4 people in the back and the manager was just standing around. For the sake of the school year..I hope they pick it up
