5	Very good service!!!!Awesome price and professional  skills. Cheap price of this kind of service and environment!!!! I highly recommend everyone try it!!!! It is absolutely worthy.
1	I was not happy at all. An appointment was made in advance for a body and foot massage for $59.00. I arrived on time and had to wait 20 minutes for therapist to arrive. In the meantime, I was taken to a room where a freezing cold face mask was placed on my face. And I waited, and waited, and waited, listening to other potential customers walk in and out, and ask about the place. To help relax, I asked if music was available and was told they didn't know how to put it on. Finally therapist comes in. The massage was not relaxing at all. Her movements were so quick on each area of my body, that it felt horribly rushed and stressful, with a pinching like technique from the rubbing of the skin. Although I asked for hard pressure, (and do like that feel good pain), it was SO not enjoyable.  Massage begins with me lying on my back, covered by a thin sheet, her standing behind me rubbing my neck, then arms, legs and feet. Then she starts to rub my stomach (very quickly)! That was terrible. But even worse was when she got to the area of my breasts, and started quickly rubbing them as well! I have had more than a few massages, and never experienced anything like this. I then turn over and she then climbs on top of me, straddling me as I laid on my stomach, and not only uses her hands, and elbows for massage, but her thighs as well. Then she stands up, (reaching for rafters above her head) and begins to walk on me starting at the ankle area towards my shoulder blades. Thank god she was light, but as she is doing this, she is moving her foot one step at a time, down the side of my body and squeezing my skin as this is done. When she got to my buttock, she used her feet, alternating one at a time,  pushing down each side quickly. I was bouncing up and down! As she approached my back, she is moving her foot down along each side, and steps on my breast!  It was awful. What was supposed to be relaxing turned into a stressful experience. Although the place looks very nice, with dark wood tones, one still hears every sound, whether it be from the phone ringing, customers talking, staff talking to each other.  Not only was I NOT asked if there were any problem areas, but how dare she take the liberty of touching areas NOT traditionally part of a full body massage without asking. And she even answered her cell phone that was ringing during my massage! Upon checkout, I was told the price was 69.00, the price of a full body massage and foot. I told her I had asked for the 59.00 body and foot massage package. She said that was the massage that started with one's feet being placed in a warm bowl of water. And I didn't have that. I certainly can't recommend this new place.  Beware to confirm upfront which rate/massage you are paying for and to keep her hands and her feet in areas that you like!
1	Stay away!We moved here from the Bay area, and we were addicted to foot massage places there.  So when this one opened up by our house, we were very excited! My husband decided to give me a foot massage as a gift for Mother's Day.The place opens at 10, so I arrived at 10.  It was closed.  I waited about 5 minutes, and finally an employee showed up and opened.  I had to wait another few minutes for her to get everything ready and to set me up.  She brings me into the room, and puts the water bowl down for my feet.  She drops in the essential oils and tells me to relax for a few minutes.  OK.  In the Bay, they use this time to massage your neck and shoulders.  She comes back in, and starts VERY AGGRESSIVELY 'massaging' my neck and shoulders.  It's almost like she was pissed off and taking it out on my upper body.  I asked her to lighten up, told her she was very strong, and she laughed.  She then stopped, and I could hear her tinkering on her phone.  Really??Anyway.  She then massaged my hands, arms, and legs.  And if by massage, you mean pushed hard on the muscles, then yes.  That's what it was.  Finally, we get started on the feet.  I have very sensitive arches, and I let everyone know this.  I've never had a problem.  Until now.  What part of "I have very sensitive arches, so please just don't even bother with them" was confusing?  She used some cylindrical stone thing to very quickly and aggressively rub back and forth on my arches.  I pulled away and asked her to be more gentle.  Right when she was ready to go on to my other foot, her friend walked in.  She invited her to SIT DOWN NEXT TO ME.  Um.  I'm in here to relax, not entertain your friends.  As her friend sat there staring and CHOMPING her damn gum, (people! Chew with your mouth closed, for the love!), I had to, once again, yank my foot back because she was trying to go through my arch to my ankle.  She then answers a call to let the caller know that she'll be done in 5 minutes.  OK.  Here's the thing.  When you provide a service like this, you really should just shut off your phone.  So rude.She flips me over and starts slamming me into the chair.  When I sat up and asked her to PLEASE be more gentle, she laughs as her and her friend start speaking to each other in another language.  As I was checking out, she made a comment about how maybe Swedish massage is better for me.  I explained to her that I've had several foot massages, as well as Swedish massages, and I don't like it very hard and as aggressive as she was being.  Again, I got laughed at.Sigh.  I really wanted to like this place, and I really wanted to have somewhere close by that my husband and I could go to like we did when we were in the Bay area.  But this is NO WAY at all a good place to get massaged.  It's not relaxing, it's not peaceful, and it's really too bad. The one star is because it's actually a really beautiful place inside.  That's the extent of your relaxation. So if you're into having your muscles beat to shit, go ahead and make an appointment. Otherwise, forget it.Tips to the new owners: Your masseuse staff should turn off their phones, not invite their friends to 'hang out' while they are servicing a client, and should learn to LISTEN to the client on what type of pressure they want.
1	This place blows. Went to get 90 min massage mon am at 10 and she says there is no time for a 90 min. Saying it as if I was disturbing HER! Then... I "checked in" for the $49 yelp deal and she tells me it's not for this place.  Helllllo..  I followed the directions here from yelp... Insisting I'm at the wrong place. I finally just walked out. Lame
