1	I usually go to another nail salon however this was close to my house and convenient at the moment.. I have never been to this nail salon for services before however have passed by it many times.I just wish I had passed by once again without stopping as this was the worst nail visit I have had in all of my 20 years in getting my nails done!Once I sit down the girl hands me a dirty dip type polish remover, you know those ones you stick your finger in and twist to remove your existing nail polish. It was dirty I told her I don't like those as they are not sanitary so she said ok I will take your polish off. Well isn't that what I am paying you for in the first place? I should have left but was preparing for a Halloween party later that evening so she had me by the "pink". UghThe girl I had working on my nails boasted they are a family business, well that is not always a good thing if you are 15 years old and don't have much experience in acrylics. Not only were my nails not even, mis-shaped, crooked and thick even though I told her go thin on the acrylic but she took 90 minutes to complete her nightmare nails from hell on me!I will never be back that is for sure. Just because Mom is the Owner of the shop does not mean she can just throw her kids behind a table and put them to work without experience.I am mellow and really I should have refused to pay for such poor service and product. This was a Friday evening and they were dead, that should have been a red flag as my normal shop across the street was packed and booming as always! My regular nail salon was too busy for a walk in so I went here, bad bad bad mistake and a waste of money!You have been warned!
1	For my negative experience and review I was harassed on Yelp by Duy V. who is obviously associated with B&T Nails in some way as this person recently uploaded photos for the business. That is sad and this person needs to get a life and find something more productive to do other than send me insulting comments that are not true.
4	Prices are reasonable & the people speak good English & are friendly, they wax eyebrows, do eyelash extensions and for $5 will put on false lashes as well. They can do plenty of funky designs & their specialty are the gel nails. I like how they file the stiletto nails also  they will spend their time making sure they shape it how you like it. Ask for mindy for intricate designs!
5	This place is a hidden gem!! I will honestly say I was a bit skeptical about this nail salon due to the exterior. My mom kept going on and on about how great this place was so I tried it out. Right when we walked in I noticed how friendly everyone was! My mom was waiting on Heather so she had to sit for a while. I on the other hand took anyone who was available, luckily I got Mindy! I had my toddler with me and Mindy was very understanding but also loved talking to her. She took her time while giving me a pedicure and kept up good conversation. When Heather did speak in their language Mindy would translate. The best part of the pedicure was the hot stone! OMG Mindy was great at taking care of my very pregnant legs and that hot stone was the cherry on top! Seriously 20 dollars for a hot stone pedicure?! Yes I will be back lol. Most places here are 45 or higher for a hot stone pedicure! So overall this place will be my go to nail salon!
4	I came in after finding on Yelp to get a mani/pedi while visiting Vegas and when I pulled in the parking lot, I was like "I don't know about this place..." but I felt better once I sat down and saw they are really good with customer service and had quality nail polishes.  I came home and my pedicure was still perfect a month later...I had to force myself to go get it done after...so, I guess I won't judge the next book by it's cover.
4	Great Place! Friendly People! Great Nails! I Recommend DANNY!
5	I absolutely LOVE place!!! Best stone pedicure I have every received and you can't beat the $20 price either. I will never go to another salon in Las Vegas again.
5	The absolute best nail salon in Las Vegas.  I always bring in nail pictures I find from Instagram and they recreate it effortlessly!  Ask for Linh or Danny.  They are the best! My fills last between 3-4 weeks.  Ialways have them paint crazy designs and throw lots of crystals on there.  LOVE!
1	I guess I should have thoroughly read the reviews before I came here, and asked for Mindy or Hannah! I went in for mani pedi and it was prob the worse experience I've ever had. I usually go for manipedis 2x a month, so I know the routine for these things..(e.g. cut,file,buff,cuticle trim,cleaning under/around nails,massage) I got stuck with a guy who did NOT know what he was doing, and did not speak an ounce of English. He looked very confused the entire time and didn't even know how to clean/cut cuticles. He took maybe 15 min on an attempt to softly clean around my nails with that metal dagger thing and then filed the SURfACE of my nail with a filing board, yah, not a buffer a filing board..umm okay? Then he tried to skip straight to the Scrub without cutting cuticles; Im required to wear heels to work, and this is one of the main reasons I come to get a pedicure, not just to cut down and change my color. Overall it was just a crappy experience and have to say the one other young girl who was there was very nice, but this guy HAS TO GO. Prob won't be back since I felt as if I were treated as a "practice customer" and it took about 2.5 hours just for a basic mani pedi
4	I came based on the reviews. When they began my nails the fake nails weren't gluing on right away, The lady went ahead and applied a liquid onto the tip of the nails, and then applied glue afterwards. I must say that immediately it started to burn and unfortunately some of the glue went onto my actual skin and that hurt like hell. The manicurist explained that this is normal in the pain will go away, it definitely went away however it still burned a little afterwards I was also impressed that they opened earlier than usual and I didn't feel as if they were talking crap about their customers. They were super friendly and I felt as if they were taking their time. The only thing that I'm not a fan of is having my nails done and pedicure done at the same time. Maybe it's to decrease the amount of time you spend there, idk but I felt like doing one at a time is best. Regardless of this experience, I still enjoyed it and was treated well, I can definitely say that I will return however I wish they didn't charge extra to get your feet soles scrubbed because I think this should already be included. It would also be nice if the main lady there didn't get so pushy with making you feel like you have to get this, that, ect. Anyways give it a try, they're super nice.
1	I have been patronizing B&T for over 2 yrs,& as of late the service has been supar at best. A guy named Danny use to work there,& he was the best ever! Extremely attentive and kind. Ive brought them many customers and no thanks you,no free nail design,no gratefulness.As a matter of fact,the prices keep going up! What a loyalty program! They can never keep a good tech & the ones they do have,they run them away. The shop manager Linh is sweet,but lazy.Every time Ive ever gotten my nails done,someone came in talking about their nails lifting,or broken after two days,of something horrid happening. My nails were constantly lifting,but I had no time to find another place. And Mindy has become extremely arrogant,she use to be sweet but I guess she feels "to good" to do small things like eyebrows or a polish change when needed! Dont waste your time & money! I just switched over to The Nail Place on Decatur & Hacienda,its a much more professional and pleasant atmosphere! Amy there is a doll! :-)
5	I love this place, Jeannie is the best, I love the pedicures and the Gel designs. It's affordable and I'm happy it's close to home. They're always busy, so if you don't have an appt, be prepared to wait for a while...patience, patience! I always leave satisfied.
