3	I've had pleasant experiences eating here.  The food is pretty good and greasy.  The price...can't beat it.  My only concern is cleanliness.  The last time I ate there the bathroom had crickets dead and alive all over the ground.  Not appetizing!  I've also heard from certain folks (more than 3) that they have found bugs in their food.  Well, it's under new management now and the place has really shaped up!  Give it a chance!
2	I went here while visiting my dad, he really likes this place but then he hardly gets real homemade food at home. Place is in old town Buckeye, I think it's the entrance. The food was ok, ribs were really dry needed way more BBQ sauce, and hardly any meat. I had 2 plates, my torta was good, the burger was just average cheese was not the best and fries were so-so. I dint pay so I dint mind.
5	Love this place! It is very affordable and great food. We've lived in Buckeye for 7 years and go there 2-3 times a month. A must if you are visiting Buckeye.
1	Have you checked their health inspections? I did after eating there and will never eat there again. The food was nasty! So is the cleanliness...nasty!  Buckeye needs a good Mexican Rest. but this is not it.
2	I usually only come here for the Chicken Greek Salad, which is hit or miss if its really good or not.I love the chips n salsa.The other night my mom and I went there,decided to get the Mexican food.. HUGE mistake!  I should have known better because I didn't like it before... I like to give 2nd chances.  The beans are disgusting! Rice was cold, taco, not so good.. Very disappointed... I will stick to La Placita in Buckeye when it comes to Mexican food.  They really need tp paint the walls, it's horrible and looks unclean.
3	I was looking for a place that served Gyro's and this place serves them. I ordered mine to go so I cannot comment on the wait service but the taste of the gyro meat was pretty good. I was a little put off by the overall condition and cleanliness of the place, I did not see any bugs but would not have been surprised if one came strutting out of the back at any moment. It just didn't look clean and although I did like the Gyro, I have decided not to return because I have a feeling it is not very clean and that means the food is probably in nasty conditions in the back, I would suggest they clean and make the place look better with some nicer furnishing and maybe some paint and bleach. Just sayin'.
5	A great place for Mexican food. Can't say for the Greek food. The American choices are pretty decent. They're always open too.
1	Would not suggest this to anyone. Burger King is more expensive for a burger that this place and there is a reason for that, there burgers are way better. moved to Buckeye a short while ago and had to try it, won't be a second time...John H.
1	Usually really good but today food was horrible.  I order carne asada nachos,  chips were full of oil, beans and carne asada tasted dry/old, hardly had a guacamole and sour cream and cheese didn't melt. Salsa was watered down had no flavor very disappointing.
4	I've lived near Buckeye and have been coming here for years. My family and everyone we've brought here likes the food. If you are looking for great authentic Mexican food at a great price - this is the place. If you are looking for glitz and glam this place isn't for you. It's a hole in the wall, but the food is awesome and you can't best the prices. They also have a wide variety on the menu which is great!
2	First of all, that name is completely misleading. There is nothing either Western, cowboy, or steakhouse-y about this place ~ it's a divey Mexican joint, along the lines of the Campos chain or your local carniceria. That said, once the disappointment wore off, I found the waitress perfectly sweet & accommodating, the Tamarindo nice & tart, & the chips hot & plentiful. The rice & beans were quite standard ~ neither gross, nor amazing. It was the scrambled eggs, which  smelled & tasted way off, that're responsible for the two-star rating ~ I was afraid to even put them in my mouth!! Nevertheless, there is beer here, & the hours are 24/7, so another visit is all but inevitable, with the implicit caveat of staying away from all breakfast things on the menu. Hashtag RipeForATakeover.
5	My other half and I LOVE this place and go out of our way to stop. Food:We both think the burritos are SCRUMPTIOUS... we usually do shredded beef and bean or Machaca. I absolutely love the Gyros... it's not that pressed gyro meat I find all over Phoenix! He, on the other hand, loves the Menudo. I can't comment on that myself because I can't stand the stuff... wishing they had Pozole. :)We've had the hamburgers and felt those were kinda so-so. Drinks:The Tamarindo is just right on the tart-sweet thing and the Horchata kicks butt!!!Staff & Restaurant in general:All of the gals, and even the cooks in back, have been super friendly and helpful. We also call in our orders a lot because we drive. Our orders have never been wrong and the food has been just as good to go as it has when we have time to sit down.I wouldn't call it a steak house, but with the level of goodness on the Greek food side, I wouldn't necessarily call it just a Mexican restaurant either. :)Could it use a name change? Probably. Is it a hole in the wall restaurant? Compared to what I'd expect from a "Steak House", yes. But we like it regardless and will definitely continue to eat there!!Of course I've also learned while dating a Mexican that some of the "hole in the wall" restaurants are better than MANY of the ones I grew up being told were "good" places to go.... I'm all about the flavor!!
1	Sent my boyfriend down to order what I usually get elsewhere. I asked for 1 taco, an enchilada, rice, beans and chips. It was horrible and I only ate the chips. I just now looked at the receipt and I was charged individually for everything totaling over $17. That's the last time I go there. I usually get a Breakfast burrito and it's around $4 and have been eating there for almost 3 years. Way to Go! You just lost a regular!
