4	When I think of the first time I ever went to Port of Subs, the one thing that stood out was that whatever choice of meat you order they cut it into thin slices right there in front of you. Kinda makes you feel like you're at a local deli shop. I asked what was good and they recommended number one on their numbered menu. This was ham, salami, capicola, and pepperoni. I chose to have it on sourdough with all the fixins. I also had the bread grilled which made it taste even more awesome!The fact that they slice the meat makes it taste really fresh. When you go to Subway, their meat is already sliced and their chicken breast is a processed by product. Once you have a Port of Subs sandwich, Subway will seem to taste just a little bit more bland. To me Port of Subs tastes so much fresher. Sizes: Small 5", Medium 8", Large 12" or X-Large 2', served on a white, wheat or sourdough roll. All sandwiches served with lettuce, tomatoes, purple onions, oil, vinegar and spices unless otherwise requested. Pickles, peppers & black olives available upon request. Cheese selection: Provolone, Swiss, Smokey Cheddar & American.Overall service, cleanliness (especially the bathroom), and friendliness all receive high marks. For more info on this great company, check out their website. www.portofsubs.com
5	I believe this is the correct location..this is for the Port of subs on Stephanie and Sunset by Wells Fargo...either way. My husband and I came in to Port of Subs and we were SO surprised by the amazing service we received! Usually you don't expect to have a conversation with the person who is making your food or to be greeted warmly or to be thanked. It was a shock! Not only that but the meat and cheese was prepared right there so there was no watery residue on my sandwich ( much nicer than subway). We will be continuing customers! Thank you!
5	1. Port-of-subs is one of the best sandwich franchises. Everyone may rave on and on about other franchises that aren't on the national level (I tend to not list competitors in reviews, but you can easily imagine who I'm talking about), but they don't match the selection and combinations you can get.2. This location is great. Damen, the owner and manager, is a great guy who remembers your face and favorite sandwich and someone who obviously enjoys what he does for a living. He got me all set with party trays for my son's first birthday, told me where I could save money in the order, and never tried for an up sell.
5	My kids love Port of Subs, and as a sandwich shop, I love it too - especially for me since they started with the lettuce wraps.  Still, regardless of how much you like the general product, this location deserves 5 stars just based on the owner and his staff.  The owner is often there.  He has trained his staff to be AMAZING.  That is all I really need to say.  We often drive to this location, even though it is further than another local Port of Subs because of the service.So, stop there because you are in the area and want a sandwich.  But, also stop there because you want a sandwich and you know excellent service is waiting for you here.
5	Overall Port of Subs is a fantastic chain of sandwich shops, however, not all of the locations match the quality and consistency of the Stephanie and Sunset location. Quality and consistency is probably the biggest challenge for the corporation of Port of Subs because all their locations are franchised out. After trying to weather the ups and downs of my nearest Port of Subs, (location will remain unnamed) I decided to give this one a try. Let me tell you, this location is always a pleasant experience and I believe it all comes down to the franchise owner, Damon. He is always polite and is striving to make the customer happy. His attitude clearly sets the tone for how all of his employees conduct themselves. Aside from the friendly / clean environment, the ingredients are always fresh, and the bread is always soft. I visit this location 4+ times a week and I would recommend it to anyone and everyone (even if you have to travel a few extra miles)!
5	This is the best Port of Subs in all of Vegas & Henderson. This is a store were the owner is present every time. You can tell he really has a passion for his company and what he does. This really shows when he interacts with all of his customers. In my experiences, it is rare to get the level of services that the owner and his employees give to their customers everyday. Thank you to the owner and the staff for providing a great experience every time I eat there. You have a customer for life!Josh
5	This Port of Subs is definitely 5-stars. They are super-fast and have the best service. You can't go wrong with any of the sandwiches, but do yourself a favor and get an 8 inch #1 on sourdough. You're welcome.
5	Justin B. might make the worlds greatest sandwiches. Been here probably 20 times in the last 6 months and have been blown away every single time. Every other Port of Subs I've been to doesn't quite put the same love into their sandwiches as this store. Way to go guys!! Keep doing what you do, and I'll keep coming back for more.
5	Port of Subs is one of my favorite places for a sandwich and this location rocks. The service is amazing - so quick and friendly. Everyone is smiling! The cold cuts are sliced for you as you order and you get a fair amount on your sandwich. The prices are decent and there's a whole wheat bun. I am hooked!
5	Best subs in town.  Friendly service for a couple of pain in the ass customers like us. Extra this extra that. No problem they say. And don't let me forget about the pickles.  Wow. They are fucking delicious.   I get them on the side as well to munch on.  Best around best in town. Thanks folks we will be back!!!
5	This is my favorite place to go for lunch! I work right up the street and go their often for the amazing #13. The staff knows me by name and knows what I usually get. Even if there is a line, they efficiently work through it and still maintain a professional, customer service oriented environment. I LOVE and highly recommend this Port of Subs location! Thanks for all you guys do-Ryan
5	I figured when I write reviews, I would try to keep it to new and different locations that people may or may not have been on the fence to try.  However, after frequenting this location for years, I have to write about this shop.  As far as a Port of Subs go, this is the best!   Port of Subs food has a great fresh taste that will blow any Subway away.  However, this particular location tastes even better than any other Port of Subs I've been to!   I order my usual #18 Roast Beef, Turkey and Provolone on wheat and am never disappointed in the years I have been coming here.  I think that what really makes this location stand out from others is the service which is impeccable!  The owner Damon I swear is always here working each time I come in.  I am pretty sure he lives at the shop or at the very least never takes a day off.  I always find him behind the counter making sandwiches and chatting it up with patrons.  Always, always has a smile on his face and may be the nicest guy in the business.  I have to attribute the quality of this location that includes the taste of the food, the always clean dining area and the suburb level of service I get to this guy's managerial style and hustle.   Looking for a lunch time place with great service and awesome tasting food?  Port of Subs on Stephanie and Sunset is can't miss!
5	My favorite Port of Subs location by far!  The staff here are full of personality and know how to deliver warm welcomed customer service! And I was beginning to think that was a lost art out here in Southern Nevada! The food is made fresh for you with fresh sliced deli meats and cheese and your choice of veggies! I had a Grilled Pastrami sandwich (haven't had one of those in years!) it was actually really really good! My coworker got a meatball marinara sandwich...it's her usual! And let me tell ya...those balls were big and juicy!  Welp...My total for 2 medium sandwiches 2 chips and 2 drinks came out to be almost $21...eek kinda expensive I know! But the food isn't bad and the customer service is what will keep me coming back whenever I'm scheduled to work in the Henderson area!
