4	this place used to be a jack in the box and it's kind of obvious. however, the dining room is nice and clean, if a little dim; the service is prompt but shy; and they bring you WONTON chips (notice aforementioned wonton/deep-fried love) with your drinks!i ordered the noodle soup with beef and rice noodles. it was some of the best soup i have ever had. the rice noodles were delicate and delicious, and the beef was tender and plentiful. the flavor was so amazing that i find it hard to describe.Matthew got the mandalay stir fry with pork and it too was delicious. honestly, i was more involved with my soup than his noodles, but i'll try more of it next time.the server, while friendly, was very shy and you could tell he was nervous. but, he was very efficient and that's what really matters.i really hope this place makes it, i *think* it's family owned and i always like to see that. if you get the chance, head over and get some noodle soup! i hope your experience is as good as mine was:)
5	we can't stay away from this place!just got home from a delightful lunch. again, i ordered the beef noodle soup, just as delicious as the first time! Matthew got the chicken fried rice (fanTASTIC) with an eggroll. i hate eggrolls generally and i would order 3 of them! so good, you can tell fresh ingredients are used and we were actually told by our server that they don't even make it until it's ordered. i like that. i like that A LOT.we had the same server as before, i need to get his name because he is just awesome. he remembered us AND what we ordered, and seemed much more confident today, that made us happy too.there were 5 tables seated when we got there, so at least people are going in and trying this place.  i hope they tell all of their friends, because this restaurant NEEDS to stick around!oh, and both times our bill with drinks was under $25.00 WITH tip (a good tip, not a stingy one), another thing that's awesome about this place.
5	Love it!!! Great food and very great service, If you like Asian Fusion Cuisine Please go check out really nice place Burmese, Thai, and Chinese. Available dine in and take out fresh food and clean.
5	I was sad when I heard that Little Rangoon in Scottsdale closed down.  But, coming here to Mandalay Noodle World, I can once again get a taste of Burmese food with the same high quality of service.  The waiter was very friendly and wanted to make sure everything was perfect for our meal here.  He used to work at Little Rangoon and told us that the chefs are the same as Little Rangoon actually.  We had two different types of noodles, both were fresh, flavorful, and unique in flavor.  I'm hoping this restaurant is here to stay, so come out and try some noodles!
4	I love this place. Love the pad thai too... I ask for it spicy hot, then add the chili oil w crushed red pepper. Sooo delicious.
2	This place needs a lil work still.  After days of wanting noodles, my roomie and I stopped in to check-out their fare.  We ate in but kinda regretted that as the service, though polite, was slow and disorganized.  Maybe it's because we got there just as the dinner hour was starting but it seemed more like the server had no experience.  Normally, I don't expect service quality from an Asian joint but normally it's rude and fast. lolSo I ordered the Mandalay noodles and my roomie had a curry noodle something.  My noodles had good flavor and the shrimp was fresh and crisp... but there were only like 3 of them.  Really?  My roomies dish had good flavor.  All-in-all, it was a disappointing experience.  I know it's new so I might try it again in a few months.  Hopefully at that time, the rating will go up thru the roof!Might see ya there!
1	I hope I experienced this place on a bad day.  based on what we had on this day I would not go back.  the food was dry and tasteless.  Maybe it's better if you eat in, we got takeout, and our house is only 5 minutes away. I can't recommend it at all, based on the food we had.  I really wanted it to be good, too!
1	i went to this "Restaurant" twice to many.its across the street from my work and thought id support a new business,i wished i hadnt.first the place is an old jack n box with Little renovation done.the dish portions were small.the prices were high,the service was slow.the first time i order a basil leave salad.and it came out.and what i saw was 2 spears of romaine lettuce with basically coos coos in the middle and oil on the bottom.,DISGUSTING.then i the next visit i paid 7 dollars for side coconut "jumbo"shrimp .BAD.i got 4 small super oily pieces that had no flavor and the beef lo mien was a whole other bad choice,DONT EVER GO THERE.
5	I'm a Burmese so this restaurant is an awesome find for me. They make great Burmese food. I would have to recommend trying out the Burmese tea leaf salad or Ginger salad to first get a taste of Burmese cuisine. Also definitely try out Burmese tea. I promise you. You won't regret that. It is true that this place is still starting out and need some improvements but the food is worth it.
3	Ate here again recently, and wanted Burmese food.  Not sure if the menu has always been that way and I've just been unobservant, or if they changed it, but it didn't seem like there were a lot of Burmese dishes to choose from.  As a result, I ordered what I usually get here, the nangyi, and also had some of the Burmese curry.  The curry was very flavorful with a unique blend of spices making it different from Chinese or Japanese curry, but the nangyi had some pieces of stale and tasteless shrimp chip in them mixed in.  If they were fresh and crisp, it would taste good in this dish, but I had to fish out all the shrimp chip pieces so it didn't taste like there was Styrofoam in my dish.  So, mixed feelings on this one.  I'll downgrade them to an A-OK
3	This is a new restaurant we had a coupon for so we went for it. It was fairly empty inside but after reading great reviews on Yelp, felt confident we'd have a good experience. I can't stress enough that the service here was incredible. We felt like they went out of their way to give us the best experience and made us feel very welcome. Since some of the menu was a little unfamiliar to us, the waiter jumped at the opportunity to help us make some selections. We had some type of spring roll/egg roll appetizer...wow! These were soooo fresh! I guess I never realized what a fresh spring roll was until I ate here. It was steaming hot, extremely crispy, and STUFFED with fresh vegetables! OMG! Out of this world! I would go back just for these. We also tried their won ton soup. This broth wasn't clear like we expected...it was a brown broth and was more flavorful than any other won ton soup. It was huge and very delicious! Fresh veggies and yummy won tons (so I'm told by my boyfriend, the won tons had meat in them so I had to skip past those). Both of our noodle dishes were very fresh, the waiter actually came out before they started cooking to check to see how I would like my tofu prepared. We weren't in line with these flavors...the noodle dishes were a little less flavorful than we were expecting after our earlier courses. They were good, just seemed like they were lacking a little something. We will probably go back, for soup and rolls...and maybe to try different entrees. Overall, pretty good.
4	I don't know, I thought it was pretty darn good. I did not have the same experience as the people writing negative reviews here. My wife and I shared three dishes--Burmese Stir-Fried Noodles with Chicken, Pad Thai, and Burmese Curry. Maybe we were just hungry, but both of us thought the food was very good. The curry and pad thai were spicy like we ordered it (so many places tone it down despite the fact that we ask for spicy) and the Burmese noodles were very tasty, with a wok fried smoky flavor. Prices were about average, the bill with two cokes was around $28 before tip. The service was decent--friendly, but not super attentive. We had to wait on chopsticks/silverware. But not too bad. We'll probably do carry out here from time to time. In all, a nice neighborhood place.
3	We visited again the other day. The service was the same--not unfriendly, but also not very attentive. The food, however, was not quite as good. Like many small restaurants, I assume that a lot depends on who the chef is that particular day. Still not bad though.
5	Small place, former fast food joint. Service is good, food is amazing, It's cheap and fast and really tasty. Don't go here if you are looking for something fancy but if you want good food and good prices, it's perfect.
2	In this world where everyone's experiences end up on the net, this place needs to get with the program. We love good AUTHENTIC Asian food, so their "Favorite Chinese" dish section did not appeal to us. Orange chicken is not Chinese food, seriously. The Burmese/Thai section of the menu, however, really interested us. We chose 4 items from this section of the menu. When we ordered, we were informed that 2 of the items we had ordered were not available as they were out of both kinds of rice noodle. We substituted for the tom ka soup and a papaya salad. We also had pad Thai with shrimp (for the kids) and a Burmese chicken curry. The soup came out first and I knew immediately that it didn't have coconut milk. I mentioned it to the server when he asked how the soup was. He said, "Yeah, I know, our chef is new." Uhhhhm okay, then why serve it that way? The soup tasted unfinished and lacked many of the flavors (i.e. lemon grass) I'm used to in a good tom ka gai. The pad Thai came out next. It was admittedly pretty darn good. The curry followed, but it took awhile for us to get to it, as the rice didn't accompany it. I asked about the papaya salad about 10 minutes after the other dishes had been served, but the server seemed annoyed and told me it was coming. The curry was on the yummy side. If you like white meat, this isn't for you. I can take an occasional foray into the dark side, so I liked it. When the long anticipated papaya salad came it was missing a few of its promised ingredients. I was unfamiliar with green papaya, so I had expected something a little sweet. A green papaya tastes a bit like zucchini. The tomato was on the pink side, never an excuse for that. If tomatoes are pink, they shouldn't be served. I was already full by the time this starter dish arrived. Water refills were promised, but not delivered until the end. The place was nearly empty on a Friday night. The server took 10 percent off for serving sub par soup. The proprietors should ask themselves why. Let me tell you why. 1. Your server was a bit distracted. One customer was even getting his own drinks. I know he's your son, which makes it an easy fix! 2. You weren't able to provide simple menu items and ingredients that could be purchased at Fry's. Seriously, you don't have to go to Lee Lee Market for rice vermicelli. 3. The place still feels like a Jack in the Box. Renovate! 4. Do what you do well and focus on the Burmese/Thai end of your business. You're the only Burmese game in town as far as I know. Lots of places have "Chinese Favorites" 5. Don't make excuses 6. Try to make people want to come back! Coupons and to go menus help.
3	Food was a bit greasy and the kid serving us was like 12 years old and bit forgetful.  I love the Asian noodle concept but they aren't able to pull it off that well since there food is just average.  I will try again just to be sure that this place is justified having 3 stars instead of 2.
3	Closed for good.
