5	A friend purchased a gift certificate to Georgetown for my birthday.  I probably wouldn't have gone here and my own without it and that would've been a waste!Excellent service, friendly and well-experienced staff who made me feel special.  When I left, I felt absolutely diva-devine!I can't wait to go back!
4	Finally, I have found a hair place that it's too expensive and the people know what they are doing. I've been growing out my hair but from time to time I need a trim to even my hair out. Every place I have gone to the people of cut an inch or two off my hair!! Well, Sidra quickly understood what I was doing and was able to give me a nice trim and some advice and keeping my hair looking good. It has been a wonderful place and I can't wait to go back - maybe for a massage - and continue the wonderful experience.
5	I'm new to Charlotte, and as many women out there know, finding a new go-to hair place is pretty stressful!!!I was recommended to Georgetown through a friend from the gym.  My stylist is Ryan.  I went in for a cut and partial highlight.  Ryan did a great job, and really took the time to speak with me and decide what I really wanted.  He did a 3 color highlight that looks extremely natural.  He also shaped up my ends and gave me an awesome haircut.  In addition, he showed me how to style it the way that he did, which looked awesome!They also do a ton of other services, but I just went in for hair.  Relax with a beverage of choice (including wine, beer, coffee etc....) and get beautified!
4	After my stylist Jason moved to Georgetown, I had no doubt that I was following him...and it didn't hurt that it was closer to my house. Needless to say the service is great, appointments can be easily made, with a confirmation call or email a day before your appointment. Jason does an awesome job and I enjoy their new renovations!
5	I've always walked by this place thinking it was pretty frou-frou and didn't belong in Plaza Midwood. I was DEFINITELY wrong!! I walked in straight from work (working in a dirty, dusty environment) and they treated me like I walked in wearing Gucci. I believe my stylist's name was *** (I left the business card on my refrigerator so I didn't lose it) and he gave me one of the best hair cuts I've gotten in years. I've been looking for a place to go in the Plaza Midwood neighborhood but have only found incredibly outrageous pricing ($70 for a short hair cut??) and 2 week wait times. Georgetown Bodyworks Day Spa is absolutely my new go-to hair salon and I will not be going anywhere else for a long time.***Correction, my stylists name was Jim!!
