4	Excellent for lunch or dinner, with extremely authentic decor.Popular with the local business crowd so pre-booking is a must.Knowledgeable & friendly staff make dining here a very pleasant experience & it won't be long before I go back.
5	Flawless really. Great service, excellent food, classic setting. Looking forward to next time (and hoping there is one).
3	I really enjoyed the food, and thought the Yelp Eats menu was good, but it lacked a little something for me. We summed it up: "we can't argue with the quality of the food on offer, so we'd recommend you make a visit, soon. When you do, we hope you find the place imbued with a slightly livelier spirit than we found on our visit."
5	This is really a delightful restaurant. It has all the style and ambience of a real traditional Parisian restaurant.The food is freshly prepared daily from local suppliers and really is top notch!I am not a fan of meat cooked really rare but my two companions both ordered the steak and were extremely impressed. The tartlet I ordered to start and chicken for main was delicious and very moist! My cousin (all the way over from Sydney was really impressed, as he felt it really special place to get taken too for a celebratory meal).I must admit, the only down point on our last visit (I've been a few times) was that a large group of people were seated next to us, so we felt the service kind of lacked and spoiled the atmosphere a little bit. Saying that, we did have an enjoyable evening, I just feel it's a little too small for large groups. It's certainly more for an intimate evening - and definitely will be very busy come Valentine's day!I would definitely recommend this hidden gem - and watch out for the lovely harley davidson parked up outside - that made my night!
4	Funny thing about Edinburgh . . .some of the best food I had on my trip was at French restaurants and not Scottish!  And Cafe Saint Honore was no exception!Located a little off the beaten path (the address says Thistle Street but it's more on an off shoot alley of Thistle but that may be just how they do it here) Cafe Saint Honore did it up right for me on my last night in Edinburgh.This charming place is quaint mixed with some Old World Charm that makes it the perfect place for a special dinner or date.  We sat on the main level in the front room and had both excellent service and excellent food.The bread comes up warm and crunchy served with fresh butter.  The wine list is not huge but large enough where you can find something that is perfect for your evening.  It was warm on the night we were there and the house Sauvingon Blanc, while a little fruity, was quite good.For my starter I went with the risotto with goats cheese and my friend had the pork rillette.  Both were good and very flavorful.  I had the sea bream served over vegetables as my entree and my friend went with the lamb.  Here again- they were cooked perfectly with plenty of contrasting flavors.For dessert they served something of a deconstructed strawberry shortcake and clotted cream.  Delicious!  Somehow the berries in Scotland are so much sweeter tasting than the ones I get at home.A lovely restaurant, a lovely setting.  If you like French food- Cafe Saint Honore should be on your list to try.
5	I will admit, I was a little apprehensive about dining at Saint Honore.  First, the location.  When I looked up the map on my iPhone, I was kind of shocked to see it located in an alley.  Of course, I thought perhaps it had the location wrong.  However, the approach was right, and I was even more skeptical walking down a dark, wet alley past the backsides of other restaurants and garbage bins toward the end of the street.  Finally, we saw a lit storefront, and there was the cafe!The menu changes daily, and the offerings may turn some off as they seem to be quite specialized for the day. However, we were very happy to have stayed.  I had the lamb, which was roasted perfectly.  It was served with a piece of rolled lamb's belly (in the style of a rolled pork belly) and fried.  My friend had veal, which was very nice in a mustard sauce.  Both dishes were well prepared, and very tasty.For dessert, I had a chocolate tart which seemed to be of a classic French style, and my friend had a Rhubarb tart which looked more like a Bakewell style tart.  Again, both very nice, and very delicious.Overall, an excellent meal, even with a curious location.
5	I ate in here almost a year ago, and had always planned to write a review. At the time, I was not on yelp, so I think I reviewed it elsewhere, but I felt now that I'm yelping all the time, I should pay tribute to this outstanding eatery.Set in Thistle Lane, this restaurant offers not only outstanding cuisine and service, but a truly memorable dining experience.I was there with a party of 8 - and the first thing that impressed me was the service; efficient, friendly, quick - some of the staff are like magicians, performing slight of hand, refilling your glass without you even noticing.The cuisine served here is what you'd expect from a French restaurant, but what it manages to do so very well, is have an authenticity that you'd be hard pushed to find outside France itself. Having lived in the aforementioned country for a year, I'd consider myself well-versed in genuine Frenchness, and this delightful eatery gets it bang on.Put simply, they know what they are doing here - everything is cooked with flair, charm and skill. The service is among the best I've ever received. If you're in Edinburgh, and want a meal out that feels like a special occasion, this is definitely nombre une!An amazing sensory experience!
5	Last time I was here must have been 15 years ago and the interior hasn't changed a bit. An Edinburgh institution, the mirrored walls and old-fashioned turn of the century decor is like stepping into a time machine. The menu has changed though, updated with a lighter hand and more local produce in evidence.  I was with a small group for a Christmas dinner, and we were all very satisfied with our meal. I started with Stornoway black pudding salad, perfectly cooked. most and flavourful. A classic beef bourguignon  to follow with the meat almost melting in your mouth. Christmas pudding and cardamom ice cream rounded off the meal nicely, although I was casting envious glances at the cheese selection - definiately looked like a winner.Despite it being a Saturday night and full, service was excellent, from the moment we stepped in.  Still one of the best city centre restaurants if you fell like a treat.
4	This place has been on my 'to do' list for ages and I finally had the chance to come for a bank holiday lunch with a friend of mine. I liked it! The atmosphere was probably more intimate rather than lively and the service was friendly and top notch and they were more than accommodating when i wanted to choose food from 2 different menus.  The food was of excellent quality. I liked the dense, warmed bread given at the start. Nice touch. My confit of duck was lovely, crispy skin and fell off the bone the way it should. I just wish it had come with the traditional puy lentils instead of mustard mash but that said, I ate every scrap and enjoyed it! My friend had the pork belly and said it was delicious. The menu is very fishy so if you don't like fish or seafood you might struggle with the food choices as its a smallish menu. However I managed to find something i really wanted from both the al a carte and bistro lunch menu and they were happy for me to pick from both. The wine wasn't too expensive, there was a good range for every price bracket. Would recommend.
4	Very nice bistro.  Central location but not on the main drag.  Starters: cullin skink and beetroot and goat cheese salad.Beef steak and salmon for mains.Unpretentious flavors well executed Treacle tart for dessert.  Good value for money.  Interesting atmosphere.  Highly recommended.
