5	While David may have beaten me to my coveted first review, I still have a bit to say about Doodles.  Oh Doodles, you are delicious, and work well on a simple concept--cheap easy ramen with great ingredients making a quick yet portable meal.  Right now the space is very very new, making it seem a bit more like a lunchtime speakeasy than a dining establishment, but I'm sure it'll be more amenable soon (chairs are forthcoming, Shai promises!).For $1.75-$4 you can get delicious ramen bowls with great ingredients.  I had the shoyu doodle with spam and a hard boiled egg.  I like shoyu, and I freaking freaking love spam, so it was a wonderful choice.  The only thing?  I might need double spam next time.  No, scratch that.  I WILL need double spam next time.  Which will probably be tomorrow.  Damn you , Shai, with your delicious noodly spam goodness.
4	Shai had pretty much the most amazing idea ever for a campustown!  I am a vegetarian and I was glad to try the vegetarian ramen with quail eggs and baby bok choy.  I love the fusion of ramen and fresh veggies, and I'll definitely get this again!  Anyways, this may become one of my new lunchtime haunts.There is sushi (fresh made) as well as the ramen, so if you aren't in the mood for ramen or your plan is stay a bit healthier, you can still get it.  I would recommend maybe an organic ramen mix, if there is one!  There is also cereal for mornings, but I try to stay away from the refined sugar stuff so I wasn't paying much attention to it, admittedly.
5	I spent $2.50 on lunch yesterday and was almost too full to eat dinner that night.  Got the Thai Mei Doodle (only $1 for the grand opening!) with chicken, pickled carrots, sprouts, and mushrooms.   At $.75 for the chicken topping I wasn't expecting all that much meat - but there was tons. And super delicious. Veggies were super fresh and plentiful as well.  It was a perfect lunch for a cold day!  It's tucked away behind Insomnia Cookies, so don't miss it.
4	Great concept, could use some refinement. I had the shoyu doodles. Didn't get any toppings because I wasn't hungry at all since I already had lunch. I only got it because I wanted to try it. It's cheap at $1.70, but again, it's ramen noodles.The shoyu broth was surprisingly good. I expected it to be one of those low-quality broth powders but to my pleasant surprise they actually concocted their own shoyu-paste. I believe it was topped with cilantro and garlic.The noodles, however, were just your typical cheap 10 cent top-ramen that I didn't like. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE (imported) instant ramen noodles and I eat them almost daily which is a horrible idea, but I just don't like the oily, saturated fat-ridden 10 cent top ramen noodles. They're cheap for a reason. If you add toppings, the total price should come out to be around $3-$4 which is cheap for lunch, but expensive for ramen noodles. For deals-conscious college kids, $3-4 range can get you many things; 2 huge slices of "gourmet" pizzas on monday at Antonios, a philly cheesesteak at Penn Station (their Nov-Dec promotional price), hotdogs/brats at the beef stand, etc. I don't know if Doodles can rival these deals on the quality of food just yet.I would love if doodles have more noodle options (i.e. vermicelli, egg noodles, udon, etc) and kinda turn it into a make-your-own-noodles place. I don't think it should be that much more expensive. I would love to come back to doodles, but right now, the top-ramen is keeping me away from it.By the way, they also have sushi rolls and summer rolls. I haven't tried them yet, but they look pretty standard.
5	I admit (with shame) that I delayed eating at Doodles until just recently.  The location is set in the greasy pit of campus-town, where I hesitate to venture unless compelled to by some supernatural force (like the lure of hot noodles in winter).The interior space of this tiny shop is not exactly comfortable, but this is the unfortunate case with most campus businesses (i.e., furniture and surfaces should be able to withstand physical punishment from college students).  For those choosing to dine inside, there's a picnic-style bench and a counter with stools.  I guess I can't hold the lack of interior design against them because the restaurant is not attempting to follow a conventional theme.  The manager explained the primary concept behind the place is "food-to-go" (so students can eat something while running around campus), and all the food is packaged for such a purpose, including the noodles.  Next to the front counter is a cooler with various drinks (both American sodas and Asian fruit juices) and "snack" foods.  From what I observed, the same snack foods aren't served each day, though I haven't gone often enough to figure out the pattern/rotation of the different foods.  These were a few dishes I noticed during my visits: glutinous rice balls (classic snack served in Taiwan and other parts of China), Chinese steamed buns, edamame, various sushi rolls, vegetarian gyoza, and spam musubi (a Japanese-Hawaiian invention that probably deserves a certain skepticism from most diners). Of course, the main feature of this shop is ramen.  When I mention this, most people respond indignantly, "What!?  You can buy ramen for 40 cents at Wal-Mart!"  The ramen-eating experience here is NOT the same as boiling noodles and adding sauce packets in your own home, though.  Your ramen bowl is fully customizable, from the available broths (sesame, miso, kimchi, beef, seafood, etc.) to the toppings you can request for your bowl (baby bok choy, nappa, egg, fried tofu, wakame, Thai fish cakes, beef meatballs, etc.).  At around 50 cents per topping, I was initially expecting pretty skim offerings, but I actually get a pretty decent ratio of noodles to vegetables.Maybe this little restaurant appeals to me because very few places can offer me a reasonable lunch for $3 (and student debts are the primary constraint on my dining options).  Probably real adults with real jobs would be less impressed by Doodles, but this is an ideal restaurant for most college students.
5	Cheapest meals on campus.  For just a couple dollars, you can get a cup of ramen without whatever you want to add.  Speaking of which, the whole point of this place is to ADD STUFF to your meal.  I didn't know this the first time I went.  Quail eggs and mushrooms are some of my favorites, as are the beef balls.  Service here is super nice too, and the employees really try to be nice and helpful.  Also, there isn't a ton of seating, so this place is better suited to cheap and relatively fast carry-out.
4	I must confess that I love top ramen and I had no other experience with ramen until I came to Doodles. With that said, I was really impressed with ramen cups at Doodles. I had the pad thai and tasted a little of the sesame ramen and were both quite tasty. I added some onion and beef which made it a little more filling too. On top of the good ramen, it was pretty dang cheap. The space is simple and probably could not handle a very large crowd. The menu of sushi and cereal also makes it appealing as another alternative for lunch or for breakfast when doughnuts and coffee tire me out. I would definitely come back and have some more. It is perfect on a cold day!
5	I've been there twice in two weeks already. This place is good and cheap. I eat ramen alot in the dorm but this is different. This is a new twist to ramen. You can add toppings like meat balls, fish balls, and lots more to it. It just changes the boring old ramen you eat all the time. Its quick and convienient. I tried the shoyu flavor, which was the sweet soy sauce and it was a bit too sweet for me. My friend got the curry mie and that was good. If you're into spicy or a curry flavor, definitely get the curry mie. So far me and all my friends are loving it. The only bad part is that it can be a bit hard to find, but if you look, you'll see a big sign pointing towards it. Definitely give it a try.
5	Had the curry ramen, with seafood mix, baby bok, mushrooms, and egg. It was delicious, but Shai wasn't kidding when he said it was spicy. I really appreciate an actually spicy dish, so was very happy with my ramen.Yum Yum Yum!
3	What ARE ramen noodles? If you Wikipedia it you'll find that they're processed, fried-dried carbs invented by a Japanese man back in the 50's. Apparantly they've reached a certain level of affordable yet haute cuisine in Japan since then and that's basically the experience Doodles tries to give you.I'm Asian, specifically Korean-American (according to Wikipedia Koreans eat the most ramen noodles per capita in the world) but  I grew up like most of you eating cheap ramen you can get for ten cents at Wal-Mart. I've never been to a fancy ramen shop. I would say you can take my Asian card but it's been revoked since I was in junior high and said eff off to the Korean Jesus freaks that dotted my suburban landscape.But that's neither here nor there. At the end of the day, as Sarah Palin once famously said, you can't put lipstick on a pig. Essentially, that's what this is. I give it three stars though because the dudes working the counter are really nice and it's cheap. And I admit that the toppings are premo. It's still a pig but lipstick certainly doesn't hurt.
5	This place is fantastic.When I came here, I was under the impression that this would be actual ramen, not the instant kind that you can get at any supermarket. I was wrong, but that doesn't stop me from giving this place 5 stars.It's an interesting concept to make cup ramen with a sort of gourmet twist. I was definitely impressed by the range of choices, and I was most taken aback by the price. It makes sense b/c it's just packaged ramen and then the ingredient are added, but this stuff is CHEAP. Like, it's likely I could afford a meal here with extra change I've accumulated throughout the week.The staff is super friendly and very personable. The staff running this place are awesome people, which is even more reason to go here and help them out b/c it would be a shame if this place were to close.Go here. Enjoy some cup ramen. It's awesome.
3	I went to Doodles with a group of friends yesterday for lunch. As I write this, I can't decide whether to give it three or four stars. I'm torn. I feel like maybe I can't fairly judge Doodles, because most restaurants on campus aren't at their peak during spring break. However, it's the only time I ever go to campus, because of the difficulty of navigating campus while classes are in session. Hence my indecision!Here's why it deserves four stars:It's cheap. The service was quick and friendly. Doodles does ramen, and little else. I hear they have spam musubis, but there were none to be found yesterday, probably due to spring break. I'd almost definitely give Doodles 4 stars (nay, 5!) if they had good spam musubis. Sigh. I liked the ingredient list. It's a good idea. The portions were generous. Boyfriend bought lunch, and 2 pretty loaded doodles (he had Aloha, I had sesame doodle with spam, egg and fried tofu) plus a soda was 8.75. Hawaii-native boyfriend was very pleased with the Aloha doodle, which had fish cake, seaweed, and other things I don't eat, plus spam! Spam would've been better crispy and fried, but I always feel that way. Here's why I want to give it three stars:It's ramen. Sure, there are fancy toppings, but it's just Maruchen/Top Ramen. A freeze-dried block of noodles. So it's cheap... but not *that* cheap if you consider what goes in it. I could've duplicated my doodle at home for less than two dollars, but paid 1.75 for the sesame base, plus 1.00 for spam, and .50 each for the hard-boiled egg and fried tofu.The decor is cute and kind of trendy, but there isn't a lot of seating. Our group of 7 had to find somewhere else to eat. It also took a while for all of us to be served, though the guy working (the proprietor, I believe) was totally nice and engaging. See, I'm not being fair, and I know it, because it's meant to be food to take and go, not a place for a leisurely group lunch. Still, my gut feeling about my Doodles experience is just A-OK. All in all, I'm glad I went to Doodles.. once. I doubt I'll be back. If I were in college, I'd really like Doodles, I bet. I'd probably eat there regularly. It's fast, cheap, customizable - what more could you want? But anyone with a regular income or a kitchen would be best served to make your own ramen and add ingredients at home.
1	are you fucking kidding me? how do they get away with giving you a cup of instant noodles and cheap supermarket condiments and making you cook it yourself?this isn't ramen. this is glorified instant noodles. hello i can buy a 20 pack of chicken flavored cup noodles at walmart for the same price as the garbage this place serves.EDIT: Several years later I regret the things I said on the internet. Doodle was a place that just wanted to make a living like the rest of us. I am an asshole. :(
5	I Heart Doodles.Simple as that!
4	Yum! I got the beef flavored ramen and added fried tofu, jalapeno, mushrooms, and bean sprouts. It appeared to come with green onion and cilantro as well. Quite tasty, and enough for two meals for only $5!This is a really small place with only one booth table and some counter-style seating. After you fill your ramen cup with hot water, you are supposed to put a lid on the cup and wait 3 minutes or so for it to cook, so it works well as take-out!
5	There is pretty much nothing about this place that isn't awesome... It's cheap, there are constantly promotions, specials and coupons, and the people who own it / work there are super nice. Not to mention the food is super great. The typical ramen is great, but the sushi and spam musubi is excellent, too, and the new Dry ramen bowls are my new favorite.I probably come here almost twice a week.
5	Doodles is my new go-to place for lunch, especially since I live a block away. The wonton/miso cups are good, as are some of the specials they offer.  I usually stay simple with the toppings.  You can get anything from celery to Thai Fish Cake on top of your noodles.  It is a very small space, and you're lucky if you get the booth.  The guys that work there/own the place are very friendly.  They have a lot of good deals.  Be sure to get the punch card, as this place is hard to stay away from.  They charge a fee to use your credit card...It's nice they keep the prices low but I'd rather they just build that fee into the food costs.
4	Finally tried Doodles for the first time a few weeks ago. I went with some friends on a weekday at night so the place was pretty much empty. We managed to get the only booth they have there which was pretty awesome. The menu's really quite large so I had an interesting time trying to figure out what would taste good together. I ended up getting the Shoyu Noodles with baby bok choy, quail eggs, and kamaboko and a milk tea. The man who took my order was friendly and attentive. I actually really enjoyed my experience at Doodles, I was honestly expecting just ramen, but it tastes much better than that. Also, I thought the milk tea was really authentic and much better than other popular campus places such as CocoMero. I'd definitely go back, and they constantly have deals so there's pretty much nothing to lose!
5	Yumm-o! Doodles is such an awesome place! The little nook itself is very cozy and warm! I didn't know about this place until recently because it's so hidden.This is a great place if you're looking for simple ramen styled noodles and soup. Just a caveat, it's not noodles like Italian pasta. It's simply Asian ramen noodles. They've got crazy toppings that are simply delicious! I came in on "Free Doodle Day" and I fell in love! Located in the heart of a college campus, this place is busy every time I stop by! Despite the hidden location, people are bustling in and out of this place.Another great thing about Doodles is the price. Cups are around $2-$5 and it's about the size of a styrofoam soup container. Along comes a cute little label on the side too! Albeit paying for a cup of noodles sounds ridiculous to some, it really is the perfect thing to warm up your day. It's way better then boiling water and opening a package of Maruchan for lunch. Keep it up, Doodles! Also, they deliver! Order through eatcu.com. The only downfall is that you need to order a minimum of $10 worth of Doodles.
5	This place did not disappoint! I've been wanting to go here for a while now, and I finally did after I saw a buy-one-get-one free ad on their Facebook page. The restaurant is in a weird spot, as the door isn't on the street-side of the building but rather on the building's side because Insomnia Cookies takes up the front of the building. The interior is fairly small, with two booths and several stools for seating along the walls. I told the person working the register that it was my first time, and he was very nice and went through the menu with me. You choose a flavor and then any number of toppings you want--they have a rather large selection so it can be hard to decide, so luckily they have a list of popular combinations you can choose from if you don't feel like experimenting. After you pay and receive your ramen, you fill the bowl with hot water, wait, stir, and enjoy. The prices are very reasonable (usually between $2-$5) compared to other places on campus that can provide a quick lunch, and I was happily surprised to find that I was very full on my walk home. My only complaint is that everything is served in large styrofoam cups, even if you're eating in (I could be wrong though, maybe I should have specified when ordering). Doodles often posts really good specials on their Facebook page, making the prices even sweeter. If you're a college student looking for something different than the typical foods offered on Green Street, walk a block south and Give Doodle's a try!One more thing-- An additional fee is charged if you want to use a credit or debit card. So use cash if you can, especially since the prices are as low as they are.
2	It's a cheap meal, but it's still overpriced. You're literally getting a dried chunk a ramen, just like the ones you see at the supermarket. Instead of paying $1 for it, you'll pay about $5. It comes with ingredients like bok choy and fish balls, but not enough to make up for the inflated price. I don't know why the rest of the reviewers are excited. I could make this stuff in a second. Just go to Am-Ko and toss everything into some hot water and start charging people $5. What a business model..
3	1) Add their Facebook page as they frequently have discounts only for Facebook fans.2) Come here on the 1st of every month to have a $2 discount on your doodle (must be a regular cup).3) If it's not the first day of the month, order something on the Special Menu instead of creating your own to save some money.In my opinion, it's still a bit pricey considering you can get a Naruchan instant noodle from County Market for 20 cents.I like the #5 Pho Bo on the Special Menu, but you have to make sure to pour the hot water evenly and slowly on top of the steak slices to cook them thoroughly. Add Hoisin Sauce and Srirancha too.Besides, they make their smoothies from real fruit and their milk green tea is really good.I also love the MUSABI rice on the sushi bar too.
4	Compared to some other reviews on here, I'd argue that Doodles really isn't that overpriced. You can get a pretty filling lunch here for 5 bucks or under. Additionally, the add-ins they give you with your ramen are served in substantial portions. The add-ins themselves are of great variety and offer things that aren't too easy to come by at other Green Street restaurants like quail eggs or Thai fish cakes. They also offer several pre-configured 5 dollar combos that offer lots of add-ins. Additionally if you're really bothered by eating top ramen noodles, get the #10 Fen Si Doodle- it's got bean thread noodles instead of ramen!
2	When I heard a 'ramen' restaurant had opened in Champaign, I was excited because I thought there was a chance this might mean something vaguely approximating homemade/authentic ramen noodle soup.Nope.Doodles is basically just instant ramen noodles with a selection of ingredients that you can add in. Granted, some of the add-ins are tasty, but if I'm just putting them into instant ramen, who cares? I could do that at home for dirt cheap, and the comparative value the restaurant offers by providing the selection of add-ins at your disposal doesn't seem worth the markup to me. Either way, bleh noodles are bleh noodles.The owner offered me free sushi because it was around closing, which was nice of him, but unfortunately the sushi was pretty bland and low-quality as well.
5	I was impressed with the size of the cup and the variety of toppings. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Overall a great place, I cannot wait to try it again!
5	Yes, this is ramen. Instant ramen. But it is OH SO SATISFYING!Seriously, I come here at least once every 1-2 weeks. I crave it. Long run and need electrolytes? RAMEN cure! Itsy-bitsy hangover? RAMEN cure!! Monday? RAMEN cure!!The pre-configured combos are the way to go here.. you get 4-5 toppings appropriately styled for $5.. and there are many vegetarian options! The portions are great (massive, even) and the staff is super friendly. Recently they released bing su (shaved ice desserts) that are also super tasty and refreshing with fresh fruit (and mochi, red bean, condensed milk, etc if you are into it).love love love.
4	This place isn't a cutsey-adorable as I thought it would be. It's a in a rather ancient looking building, hidden behind a ice cream and print shop. If you didn't know it was a ramen place, the drab decor, empty snack cooler' and the smartass (albeit awesome) "Burger King" sign would've hinted that it was a quaint All-American cafe shop that specializes in coffee and corndogs (Note to self: Make a coffee and corndog shop called "Cafe Le Woof."). Obviously I was new here, so the owner (I believe) came to the rescue and helped me pick a ramen-- very friendly and professional.I got the (the name escapes me) "Hawaiian" ramen (with fresh ramen). The fresh ramen itself was legit-- now is it truly fresh and authentic ramen? No, but I didn't expect it to be. Lower your standards. I came to the realization many years ago that I will never eat fresh and authentic ramen outside of Japan, but Doodles fresh ramen tasted more like fresh ramen than other ones that I tried, and that's all I really wanted. The soup, spam, and quail egg were amazing, though the cilantro (I think) was straight up overkill. No me gusta, amigo. However, for what it's worth, Doodles fresh ramen is pretty good, and I would not mind eating it again.
3	Yummy, fast, cheap. I love it. I wish this place was around when I was in college.
5	The owner is a great guy and thus he has a great business. I miss this place and its not just ramen, he gives so many different options that it really makes a quick, tasty meal for the day between classes or on lunch. Its a smart idea and its a great local business.
3	It's cheap and fast. Nothing special, the guy uses run of the mill ramen. The toppings are pretty good though. The specialty ramens come in a bigger container.I'm not sure if I'm getting a good deal when you can get ramen there for like 3 bucks but you could also buy  like a 24 pack of regular chicken flavored ramen for 3 also. Just add in your own toppings and its like the same thing.
3	The food is amazing, nothing else needs to be said about it. Good deals, great value, fresh and tasty etc etc...But would get more stars if the owner knew how to run a better business. Sets arbitrary hours, opens and closes whenever he feels like it. Loses business constantly because of his "whenever I feel like" attitude toward store hours. I've seen people mistakenly walk up to a locked door on days the place is randomly closed. Oddball hours of operation, to put it simply. If the dude has other commitments in life that requires him to constantly close at 3 in the afternoon before dinner rush on weekends, then he shouldn't have opened up a restaurant. If you don't subscribe to Doodle's Facebook feeds, you might be welcomed to a locked door at any given time you are hungry. I get it, it's a college town turned ghost town on weekends and holidays when the trust fund baby students run home to mom and dad and it becomes a chore for businesses to get people to come. But for the rest of us who don't have a family 2 hrs away from Champaign to mooch off of every weekend, it would be nice to get Doodles when we get hungry, like any other fast food place in town.Also, not quite sure how the "now delivering" option would be effective, he just goes within a block radius on his bike. If you live above Doodles, you're probably the only people he can deliver to.Having ranted all that, the food is very delicious, I try to go as often as I can (when it's open), worth every penny.
3	Okay -- I will admit this this place was going to be a hard sell for me. I am not a huge ramen fan but the idea of a campus ramen restaurant has always intrigued me. I took my daughter, a big Doodles fan, to lunch today. She got her usual Pad Thai Doodle with bean sprouts and mushrooms and I got the Coconut Tom Doodle with fishballs. Thank goodness that we got in when we did since we were followed by a group of around a dozen people.I thought my soup was fine and I know my daughter enjoyed hers, as well as the four berry smoothie she received.Negatives: They seemed be be out of ingredients for a few of the drinks and the place had  musty smell to it.So ... I thought Doodles was okay, but not the kind of place I would go to again. But for a college student looking to get a quick, hot lunch on the cheap, I can see why this place would be very attractive.
