5	If you want the high pressure of a 'sell you the Hollywood smile' type of Doctor, this practice is not for you! Dr. Prince is kind and honest and he DOES NOT try to sell his patients on a bunch of treatments that are not necessary. The staff are wonderful and have been there for years, that says something about the type of practice this is, if every time you go there are new employees that is a bad sign. I highly recommend this Doctor!
5	I've been going to Dr. Prince since 1997, I will never go to another dentist. Dr Prince is the most gentle, kind, smart an honest dentist in town. I don't know if he has special powers, but I've had multiple fillings in my early years seeing him and I never once felt the needle numbing me he made me feel so comfortable. I have never had a problem with any of my fillings. I've had 2 porcelain crowns done here, he did such a superb job, never had pain. He is so honest. I know he is not out to try and earn a buck, most dentist here in town will tell you you have a cavity, when you really don't just so they can make some money off you. I trust him 100% I can't tell you how many time I've referred people, and that is the biggest compliment of all.
5	I went to Dr. Prince yesterday for a check-up, also due to the fact that I was told that I needed some work by another dentist.  I was a Dental Hygienist for over 20 years and I could not see the work needed on the x-rays and it was against my judgement to have it done.  Dr. Prince did a very complete exam and did not look to make work, where work doesn't need to be done.  I didn't tell him until after the area in question, but he found nothing wrong there...just as I suspected.  He was very honest.I also had a great scaling by his Dental Hygienist, Mary.  She did a great job.  Due to the previous posting I read and the fact that I pass his office often, that is what made me go to Dr. Prince.  The office staff is also very nice and friendly.  Since moving to Las Vegas several years ago, our dental office experiences have not been very positive, but I am sure they will be now.  My husband will also be switching to Dr. Prince.  I do not like the fact that the "other" dentist made up work to do on me, especially since I was in the dental field so long.It was a very good experience my first visit yesterday at Dr. Prince's office.  I rate the total experience as excellent!!!!!
5	LOVE, LOVE this office and Dr. Prince. He is patient, light-handed and soft spoken. I have been going to this office well over 8 years and am not looking to switch at any time. I always request Mary as my dental assistant, she's awesome! She's hip and young and fun, but always stays professional,  I enjoy our conversations. My mom and my dad both see Dr. Prince as well, they are happy too. My dad sees Mary like I do and my mom will see Cindy, she's great as well. I really don't have a complaint at all. All the dental assistants are good, but Mary is my fave. I definitely recommend this office and Dr. Prince.
5	Clean, modern office, very friendly staff and Dr. I get great cleanings from Cindy.  They document any issues in my chart and check on them the next time I'm in for a cleaning. They are very thorough.  I had an issue one time with my insurance not covering a procedure.  My insurance said they never receiving the required before and after x-ray of the procedure.  I brought it to the office staffs attention and it was taken care of without any hassle.  Another one of my family members needed a lot of dental work done.  She hadn't been to a dentist in a few years and was concerned about what the dentist would say about the condition of her teeth. Dr. Prince and his staff made her feel comfortable and worked out a plan to fix all of her issues.
