1	In one word: inedible. I generally avoid chain restaurants that feel the need to advertise on television. I didn't want to go but we were meeting some people in the area who were at the Jazz Fest. Unfortunately, this area is largely a black hole for decent places to eat unless you want to venture down to Chinatown.  Because of its convenient location overlooking Place Des Arts, it draws a lot of the tourist/festival crowd and I can only imagine that this is the only way it can stay in business (but that doesn't explain why Baton Rouge is a fairly successful Quebec chain). I've never had worse "cajun" food (fake cajun)  from the appetizer nachos that came accompanied with a vile looking and even worse tasting garlic dip to the rubbery ribs, overcooked steaks, dripping-with-grease sandwiches, and soggy french fries. Alas, the food is so bad, it made me regret passing by the St. Hubert chicken place right down the street (which is bad but not THAT bad). The sad thing is: for the same price you can actually eat at a decent restaurant.
5	A great place to go with friends, or even alone for a succulent meaty dinner. The most economical choice on the menu: Hamburgers that start at around $10. The fanciest will set you back a good $35. The most memorable are the baby back ribs. Whoever has had them agrees that they are the best ones they have ever had. The seats are comfy, service always nice, and I must admit their round tables (for larger groups only) do add a lot to the ambience. I can't recommend this place enough. Just go and try their meat for yourself!
4	Working at the Desjardins Complexe, this is one of the 4-5 restaurants we can go without having to go outside (a great plus for our long winter months).  The food is good and I normally take their ribs or their chicken salad, their salmon or their burgers.  Be careful, what the server proposes as 'menu du jour' is almost twice as expensive as the proposed lunch fares.  They'll tell you, you'll have an appetizer and coffee, but to my opinion it's not worth it.  Anyway, their portions are of American size, so you won't need anything else.. A point they should improve: even though we eat there once a week, if we go there for a drink at 5PM, you have no more consideration than the tourist that will never come back: have one of your lunch manager indicate to your girl at the reception the difference between a regular and a tourist..  R.
3	An average place to eat with an above-average price tag. Every now and then I get in the mood for ribs and this place never really leaves me satisfied. This branch is WAY better than the one on de la Montagne in terms of service. Our waiter was really nice and checked up on us. Ribs were not that great, coke was majorly watered down (i asked the waiter to get me a new one but it was the same deal 2nd time around).
4	I'm guessing that given the location of this particular chain restaurant & the previous reviews, that this branch is somewhat of tourist trap.  Well we dined here as tourists during Jazz Fest & have to admit we had a very good experience!  My cheeseburger was absolutely delicious as was my side of sauteed mushrooms.  The one sour note was that yes the prices are exorbitant for what you get.  Sure, we had an excellent meal but I'm guessing most of the waiter-service establishments in this area know that they've got the market covered for people who don't want fast food, & realize they can charge these prices, because people like us will pay 'em.  And we did!  But overall, we were very satisfied with our dinner here.
5	Excellent service and very good food.  The best food we've had in Montreal.  We ate dinner on 12/23/10 and lunch on 12/24/10.  I had BBQ pork ribs for dinner and Chicken Tenders for lunch.
3	Food was ok.  Maybe average to slightly above average depending on the item.  But the price seemed a little steep.  It could be that I'm still not totally used to the higher price of food in Montreal compared to the US, but still, it seemed a little too much for the quality.  I went there because someone else picked the restaurant, but I'd probably try to avoid this place in the future.
3	RIBS RIBS RIBS!!! Apparently this is the place to go for ribs. I'll have to give it to them, it was juicy and falling off the bone. But it wasn't flavorful or saucy enough. We had to ask the waiter to bring more sauce, but by the time he got it for us we were almost half way done.I got the porterhouse Pittsburgh style, which was quite delicious. The sides are huge. I opted out of the butter and garlic, so got the bowl of sauteed mushrooms on the side to top my steak. I had enough to share with my table of 11. Very reasonably priced and it was super crowded on a Sunday night. Our waiter was pretty good, he was pretty busy himself attending to all of us.I would come back for a nice, meaty meal with a group of friends.
4	Baton Rouge has the best ribs ever! These mouth watering ribs fall off the bone. They are cooked over night, and basted with the sauce. You will never forget ribs like this. The Louisiana BBQ Chicken is another favourite if you are not in the mood for ribs.Has an appetizer the homemade spinach dip is amazing and can be a meal, so try not to overdose on it no matter how addicting it is!
4	So I am a fan of Baton Rouge, but really, it's pretty generic. A little overpriced for what it is, but it is consistent. It's a good place to go with a big group of people, but honestly for the price you are better off going to a smaller steakhouse in the plateau that has a little more charm. I still give it 4 stars because it really is not bad, it's just kinda standard.
4	I only go there when I feel like having steaks. The pan-fried Ahi Tuna is also very delicious. Everything is well cooked, and tastes nice (except their chicken breast, extremely dry and badly seasoned). The service is great, although I think the place is just slightly overpriced. It is a typical steakhouse in downtown.
2	The worst salad ever....you really deserve one star, but because of the positive and apologetic attitude the server had, I'll give you 2I sent my salad back, because the lettuce was old and dry, the description red chopped egg and i got some specs of yolk, and prepackaged croutons... My girlfriend kept hers, fighting through the amount of soft batter covering the chicken.... The salad mix was the same as mine old and dry, she just drenched it in blue cheese dressing.They took my salad off the check but I still walked out of there with a $27 check for a chicken salad, an ice tea and a coke....
1	This is a chain that is way overpriced with poor to moderate quality food.  The salad with chicken I had was horrible.  My husband's seared tuna seemed rancid. It was a huge waste of money.
2	Frankly I was just disappointed with Baton Rouge. In sequence:- the Manhattan I ordered was watery and weak- the spinach dip was not cooked thoroughly and when it was taken back, they returned it after only reheating it in the microwave- the staff was cool but not overwhelming, especially with several occasions to provide good customer service- the filet was good, but not prime qualityFor those south of the border, think Hillstone's/Houston's but with lower quality results.
3	Disappointed overall. The food was OK, the service was OK, the beer list was pretty sparse, the martini I had wasn't mixed right.  The wait staff is friendly which is why it gets 3 stars from me.  I went out with the same group later in the week and we had an opportunity to go back to the Baton Rouge again for dinner and everyone wanted to go elsewhere.
4	Came in late on a Wednesday night about 30 min before closing. This was not my first choice as I was hoping to try some authentic French montreal food. Unfortunately most closed by 10 pm. It was late and I didn't want a big meal. Server suggested ribs or a salad but these were fairly large portions so I went with the appetizer portion of chicken tenders and an iced tea. The ice tea came in a very small glass probably less than 6 oz. it also tasted like what you get from a Lipton or nestea canned drink which is horrible. At $3 it was not a good value. So I didn't have high expectations for my chicken tenders. Boy was I pleasantly surprised!  The tenders were not dry and came with plenty of fries to complement. It was definitely an above average dish. Kudos on the chicken tenders but thumbs down on the ice tea. Thanks for staying open. Server was also friendly and courteous.
3	The food is ok but I think if they were to cut their portions down and cut their prices as well it would be a better value.  I find you get way too much food and end up leaving a huge chunk of it behind.  It's also a little on the pricey side for what it is.  The ribs are pretty good though as is the burger.  I also find the noise level to be too high in this location making it hard to enjoy conversation with your dining companions.
3	First time at this restaurant. Went during the long weekend.(Canada Day) There was a Jazz Festival at the time. The lineup was really bad for dinner time. Waited an hour to get a table in the patio. The good thing was that they served drinks while you were waiting in line. The waiter were kind. The food was really good, I had the crispy chicken salad with a side of fries. Overall, it was an okay restaurant. Would never come back because of the line-up, and the food was alright and the price was alright.
3	I'm surprised whenever people tell me that this is their favorite restaurant.. I mean, the food is good and everything, but it's really nothing special. The food can vary from great to bland, and the service is not always good...They can be quite slow..The prices are ok, but you really do get what you pay for here. Just a middle range, nothing special restaurant..
3	Good food, service was timely. Waiter had sense of humor. Only downside, the garlic mashed potatoes tasted a bit funky. Other than that, a fine restaurant to eat at!
1	Came 3 days ago and still waiting for the food!!!!!!!!!!!!! The food wasn't that great and just spend whole lot of money for no reason.. After waiting for the food which took almost 30 mins..
1	If this is your favourite restaurant, you need to get out more. We had ribs and Amarillo chicken - the ribs were the blandest ribs I've ever had, and my Amarillo chicken tasted like a piece of chicken had been thrown in the oven, with a slice of processed cheese dumped on top. The seasoned vegetables were 3 sprigs of broccoli, 2 pieces of mini corn and 1 carrot stick. The service was helpful where possible, but they had far too many tables to look after to provide real service. We had to flag down the server every time.
5	Lobster was very good. The wine that waitress recommended, Smoking Loon, was delicious and went really well with steak. Could not find the wine in SAQ app though.
4	They recently changed their menu, introducing many new dishes, as well as increasing their prices significantly.I have to say, however, that my last experience here was just as great as before the change.Call the swat team because that lobster poutine was the BOMB. Perfectly poached lobster with a rich, flavorful sauce, topped with spring onions and squeaky cheese curds, it was pure ecstasy.The crab cake was really nice, cooked thoroughly, moist, and filled with an overwhelming amount of crab meat. The steak and ribs were great, as always.The coleslaw was a shame, too much mayo and way too much sauce, my guess is that they ran out of cabbage that evening. The wild rice pilaf was very mediocre, and I could not finish it because it was so bland.We did wait quite a while for food, maybe because the place was fully booked.
2	This place has great servers & great spinach dip & sweet potato fries but that's about it. I went here twice in a 3 day period for lunch, as I was staying at a hotel nearby. I tried all 3 salads on the menu and something was definitely off. The chicken seemed undercooked both times & the shrimp was a bit hard. The chicken Caesar salad had way too much pepper. The portions are large but there's more carrots in the dish than anything else so it tasted terrible. No balsamic dressing as an option either ... strange. However, I was part of a group of 15 and those who had burgers and ribs were happy with their dishes, which is why we chose to go back the second time. Perhaps they just have to work on their salads.
4	We loved the ribs so much, we went back 2 times during weekend.   Service is quick and we never waited for a table.   There was a $3 tap special during happy hour. $20 for the rib lunch special was very appropriate for the amount of food you get.   Lunch included soup and coffee/tea with meal. No lunch special on weekends.
5	Best Baton Rouge I have ever been to! Amazing ambiance, dark mahogany colors inside. I had the lunch special Louisiana BBQ Chicken with sweet potato fries. Wow that was tasty
2	I have been here a few times and have never been impressed and this time was no exception. I decided to give another opportunity and after being brushed off by the hostess I knew nothing had changed. Service remains to be minimal. I ordered a lobster poutine and an order of chicken tenders. The lobster tastes like it comes from a can, the chicken tenders do not come with fries or any sides anymore as they used to, instead they offer the option to buy fries on the side for an extra 4$. I would rather go to moxies or Reuben's.  Same price, much better service and atmosphere, better and healthier selection of food. Needless to say I will not be returning to this restaurant.
4	Great food and great service! Went for dinner one night during JazzFest two weeks ago.  My husband loved the steak with mushroom and blue cheese. I tried it and love it too.  I had the 2 lobster tails with mashed potatoes.  It was so good.  The best was the spinach dip, the drinks, and the service.  Our waiter, Alex was very attentive.  Had a great time.  We will definitely return the Baton Rouge when in Montreal next time. Would definitely recommend .
3	The atmosphere great  and  the food and their portions were good.The bad: The chicken meals that we got weren't that great, also weren't  crispy.Serves weren't great, not well organized a bit messy; waiters were a bit rough even hit my mother on here hand while he was placing the ice cup in front of here.As well as, the waiters was rude, interfering with the tip that I was typing in the machine. Even said  most people pay 15% to 20%, I increased it to 20 dolars; still didn't like it. Washroom didn't has soap.
2	Food was edible. I guess in Canada everyone eats their burgers med well because we were not asked. Veggie sandwich very sparse on veggies and only one side with goat cheese. Early evening and out of sweet potato fries. Food slow to come out of kitchen. Perhaps the barbecue is better but would not return to find out as no redeeming features to make me want to try again.
1	You're getting ripped off at Baton Rouge these days. Higher prices for less food. AND no more cheese bread! I've had my last meal there! Go eat elsewhere, there's no more value or quality there.
1	Oh my goodness! We were disgusted in this place. The plates smelled horrendous, the food was so awful we didn't even finish it and asked for the check immediately. We simply tried this place out of convenience and basically were robbed of our time and money. I'm quite sure one of my family members is sick as a result. The ribs are all bone, the marination is not tasty and carries a terrible after taste. The salad was wilted and dry, how awful. We immediately felt bad as we attempted to try the French fries. How is this restaurant even in business ? So disappointing. Wash your dishes ! And learn to cook...
5	My wife and I came here late Sunday afternoon.  I had the rib steak with the mushroom side and she had the chicken Caesar salad.  Both meals were cooked perfectly and tasted excellent. Our waiter gave us plenty of time to decide and the food came quickly.  We will be back.
1	I've been here twice and both times had terrible experiences. I went last week with my boyfriend and wasn't impressed. The food was either bland, chewy to the point where I couldn't eat it, soggy, or just plain gross. He got the Baton Rouge burger that came with one lone, sad looking piece of bacon. They brought him the burger before we had even gotten our appetizer, and then picked it up again and delivered it to a different table. We weren't super impressed by that. We agreed that if someone else wanted to go we would go again, but never on our own. A couple days later I was meant to go with three friends. Two of the friends happen to use wheelchairs. I had called days in advance to make reservations, asking them to note that we needed a table that could accommodate two people who use wheelchairs. All this means is we can't use a booth, and they need to take away two chairs. Should be easy. We showed up for our six o'clock reservation and were told the only table available could only accommodate one person in a wheelchair, and they wanted the other to leave their wheelchair. We refused and pointed out that they should have reserved a table that could accommodate our party like we requested, or told me on the phone that they are unable to accommodate. We agreed to wait for an available table. At 6:20 they said another table was available, but there were reservations at seven so we had to be done by then. We left and will never be going back. We went next door to St. Hubert, where they had zero problems seating us.
