4	Hands down, one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh. They have a vast beer selection, decent prices, and good food (especially for "bar food"). Their wings are some of the best in the city, and you can't beat their Wednesday night wing specials. It's not a fancy place by any means, but the drinks are cold, people are friendly, and there are plenty of TV's to watch the games.
4	If you happen to find yourself in Millvale you will also find yourself surrounded with more bars than you know what to do with. While the population isn't quite outnumbered by bar stools, it's surprisingly high.Here's why I think that you should pick Sidelines as your go-to Shaler Township bar:- The beer list is extensive and reasonably priced. The specials can't be beat, like $1.50 pints of Yuengling on Saturdays.- The friendly bartender (yes THE, we believe he may be there the majority of time) introduces himself as Seabass. Seabass is the man. However, please do not ask Seabass or any of his coworkers for a cocktail more unusual than a typical "and" drink (jack and coke) or "woo girl" drink (long island iced tea). This isn't a "proper cocktail" crowd.- The bar food is actually pretty good. The fries are delicious and $3 for a basket. We've seen their good-looking deep-fried deserts too, but we can't vouch for them. If you don't like fried food... well, I think I saw something that sounded like a salad on the menu.- Unlike most divey sports bars I've been to, the women's room was surprisingly not at all scary or particularly gross. Winner!Sidelines is really a small community sports bar, and that may or may not help its case. This is where I take my friends, not to impress them, but to share comically large mugs of good beer with them for shockingly cheap... and a few baskets of fried bar food.
4	This is one of my favourite local bars, the beer selection is more than adequate and there generally is a decent special to be had. The ambiance is nothing special though I will say that they have upgraded from the stuffing flowing from the bar stools look, and have upgraded to new stools and a better overall feel. I can't say that it made a huge difference to me because the beer food and service are the real selling points. Though, they are admittedly swamped on wing nights, which negatively effects the service on the whole the bartenders there are awesome, and give you the feel that you are a regular with even a somewhat regular attendance. The food, even though it is pretty normal bar fare, is top notch in the way of quality.
2	I am so angry I went to this bar and set there waiting for my dinner for over half hour. While the person next to me got basket after basket of crab legs.  The waitress I had that night must have been in a bad mood. What a waste of time.  I do love their wings they were fried to order.  But I'll never go out of my way for food here.
4	Their food is SO GOOD!! I've never been disappointed. They have domestic and imported beers which is always a plus and they always have the game on....whatever the season.The people that go there are friendly (though a little....interesting) and the bartenders and waitresses/waiters are fun. Parking is sometimes hard to find and the bar is usually crowded but it's worth it.
5	Blown away!That's the only way to describe my experience at Sidelines.   This place rocked me like a hurricane.  Seriously, lace up your shoes really tight because this place will knock your socks off.Since I was visiting town and didn't rent a car (I'm very green that way), I took the #2 bus to this place.  It drops you off right by the bar.The lovely bartender couldn't have been more helpful answering all my questions about the beer and the wings.  She started me off right by recommending I try a  Cheeky Yinzer, which was described as a British IPA.  The fact that I had three equals me liking it.   She also suggested I try a Curious Traveler, which was also good even though I'm not a huge shandy fan.Now onto the wings...after much discussion, I went with her recommendation to have the hot garlic BBQ.  Great Caesar's ghost, they were delicious!  Hot enough to make my nose run, turn my face red and make my eyes water, but not so hot that I felt my lips would blister.  Crispy and saucy, a true delight.    I also had cajun fries which were equally awesome.When I got the check I thought there was a mistake because it was so reasonable...I would pay twice that in NYC!Oh, and their Beer Club is awesome.  If I lived here my only goal in life would be to get a black mug.Special thanks to Yelpers Rob I and Jaime J for recommending this place.  I loved it and am adding this to my GYATTP* list.   Wings, beer, service....truly outstanding.   _____________________________*get your ass to this place
4	One Of my favorite bars in Pgh:) they have a wide variety of beers on tap and there is always specials running everyday of the week... Appetizers are delicious, burgers are well stacked and sum pretty yummy wings! you can buy the sacuses for the wings which is amazing!! I recomend the teriyaki or the honey BBQ wings!
5	I love this place. A friend of mine introduced me to this place a few years back and even though I live out in Bethel I drive out to Millville when I can just to eat and drink.I have my mug now and the beer selection there is awesome!I can say enough about their wings, I get a different mix than is on the menu and they have no issue with that like some other places. I will keep going there for years to come.
4	Friend: "Where should I get wings from?"Me: "I've heard Sidelines is good but I haven't been"(2 hours later)Friend: "Got wings...MMMMM SOOOO GOOD"(2 days later)Friend: "Last night I dreamt about those Sidelines wings"(2 weeks later)Friend: "Wanna grab lunch at Sidelines?"Me: "Yes! I need to try their wings!"Friend: "BTW just had them again a few days ago"That was a real text conversation with my friend who is now addicted to Sidelines. And, real talk, this divey yinzer bar has taken the crown for best wings in Pittsburgh. At least by my standards!The wings here are smaller than at my longtime staple, Fat Heads. But what makes them better is their insanely crispy fried skin. I've been longing for a crispy wing that isn't dried out, and this is IT. After crunching into the skin you experience a mouthful of moist meaty goodness. The textural contrast is perfection. Choosing a sauce is difficult because they have so many interesting options, but I went for the honey sriracha. While I liked it, I wanted more heat--next time, I'm going hotter!Not to mention, these wings are dirt cheap. At $3.50 for six, the size of the wings hardly matter...just order more if you're still hungry! I'm totally surprised this place doesn't have more reviews. If you love wings, or even if you just like wings, you need to get here ASAP.
4	After catching a comedy show at Mr.Smalls my boyfriend and I went into Sidelines for wings.  We caught the tail end of the Penn's game and even though it was ending our waitress still gave us the game day wing special.  A dozen wings one sauce for $ 5.00 eat in only.  We also ordered the honey Cajun wings to go they were $6.50 for a dozen.The wings here are insanely good the garlic parm wings are made with real garlic not garlic powder.  It should be noted that Sidelines has over 30 wings flavors including Sriracha hot wings. The service this time was like night and day compared to what happened the last time I tried to get served here. It's hit or miss on service but the wings are damn good.
1	The reviews for this place are clearly fake and written by the employees. We tried the "famous" chicken wings and can only assume that tasting like buttered feces is their claim to fame. You are hereby warned.
4	The wings are good, great beer selection but the all you can eat crab legs are my favorite!! Only recommendation is get rid of the thick fake butter and use clarified. :) will be back sooner rather than later.
5	The "HOGS" beg Sidelines Bar & Grill for FREE WINGS!?....Please don't let the town "Millvale" scare you. It certainly its charm pieces; and Sideline's Bar & Grill is certainly one of them.Sideline's is commonly known amongst Pittsburgher's for their wide variety of WINGS. I personally enjoyed their Buffalo Ranch that night. Their wings are not dry, with plenty of sauce and blue cheese.I give Sideline's a perfect 10.View our Review:http://www.rawhogs.com/2013/07/17/the-hogs-beg-sidelines-bar-grill-to-serve-free-wings/
5	Best wings I've ever had, hands down.
4	Other than the service being a little slow, I have no complaints since the great food makes up for it. I ordered off the Oktoberfest menu, which they may be done with now, but anyway, I had a bratwurst sandwich that was dynamite. Darren and I shared sweet chili wings, a stuffed pretzel with cheese that was like a grilled cheese sandwich, and the amazing funnel cake fries. It seems like a dive bar at first, but they have excellent eats! Recommended.
5	Great wings, awesome burgers, amazing beer selection, friendly waitstaff. True, you may have to wait a bit when it's busy for food, but it is absolutely worth the wait. Of the several dozen times my husband and I've gone there for dinner, I can recall maybe once where one of our burgers was slightly overcooked. The portions are plentiful and very reasonably priced. It's a typical neighborhood sports bar, so expect some noise or crowds if you're there during a hometown game.
5	Sidelines.. When I walked in I thought wow what the hell is this place and why am I here with my hipster friends.. But then I saw Erin the bartender tht lovely goddess asked me what I liked and delivered a beer that played my taste buds like joe paterno at penn state.. After tht I handed my card over for her to charge me for whatever she liked.. I got wings tht burnt my mouth in a sexual way tht made me orgasm from my mouth.. My mouth I mean I orgasmed from my right vagina before but my mouth wtf it was great.. Ask for Erin she'll orgasm your mouth all day long and tip her ass well she is wonderful like a tickling of the balls or playing with your beard! Long live sidelines
3	Went here around 12 in the morning after work with the promise of wings to get me through the night shift. Their selection of wings was insane, it took me forever to decide, and actually I never did - my friend decided for me. We got the garlic parmesan and the medium bbq wings and were pretty satisfied. I actually liked the dry rub a lot more than the sauce. The only downside? Be afraid of the grease. The dry rub wings were creating a little puddle of fat and the bbq wings were swimming in sauce. I'm not a huge "drench it" girl, so I was a little put off. Otherwise, be prepared for some glorious wings!
5	Sidelines is a wonderful. A HUGE selection of beer to choose from. Drafts and bottles. The food is also really good. Everyone I dined with enjoyed their meals with no complaints. I ordered a black bean burger and it's served with kettle chips and sirachi ranch sauce. Would recommend for dinner and drinks.
4	Sidelines is stuck between two identities, being a neighborhood bar and a trendy spot. With being said it navigates those waters better than most. The winds are what they are widely known for and for good reason, they're excellent! However their selection of great craft brews and the staff's knowledge of them is really worth noting and excellent. The only reason I don't rate the place as five stars is because it can be a little on the pricey side especially if you are not mixing in a few domestic brews into your night out.
4	Great beer, wings, and friendly service! What more can you ask for in your neighborhood sports bar? These guys always have tasty food, more than just wings, and an impressive selection of draft and bottled beer. I appreciate the rotating draft selection, which adds variety to the menu and gives you a reason to keep coming back.They have plenty of big screens so there's not a bad seat in the house and they will always have the Pens, Bucs, or Steelers game on. With no smoking in the bar, it's a great place to catch a game.Don't forget to ask about their cup cakes!
2	Ok so I come here ordinarily as they have an excellent cider selection. Today I came in and they had just that. However, that is where the bad experience started. There are 4 bartenders on. I am typing this as I sit at the bar.  The 2 guy bartenders are pleasant and out going. 1 of the female bartenders acts like she only sees regulars.   I order a cider and hand her my  credit card and say to open a tab as I am ordering food.  She takes my card and leaves my cider. .doesn't leave a menu. Doesn't even look my direction for 15 mins. It was another bartender who asked if I needed something.  Then I ordered the cheese dip. Normally comes in a delicious bread bowl.  Instead it arrived in a Styrofoam container with not enough bread for the dip. I also ordered 6 wings w/ ranch. The wings came out way ahead of the dip (odd right)?  The ranch never arrived at all. The other 3 bartenders made up for the  one bartender's lack of interest in new customers. Sadly, this is the 3rd time this has happened w/this bartender. Think I may have to try another establishment..which is sad as they have great drive o and food selection:(
5	I heard sooo many good things about this place. I was truly waiting for a let down. It did not happen. Rarely in my world does word of month work this well. The wings were great! The salad was cold, and fresh. The service was quick, friendly. I fully endorse this place.
4	It is a dive bar so do not go their expecting anything else. There are many many different specials throughout the week and have a regular happy hour from 4:30-6:30 which is half off appetizers and a dollar off drafts. The wings are amazing and pretty cheap. They have at least 30 sauces and dry rubs to choose from and one day I will try them all. The wings are perfectly crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. I also got the provolone sticks and they were pretty good as well. Not only is the food and drinks good, but this place is incredibly affordable and the service is good.
2	This is such a fun and unique bar. The wings are AMAZING! And the selection of beers is second to none. However, the service is complete and utter crap. I recently went to this bar and got a Guinness that was on special and I tasted it and almost spit it out, it tasted like straight gasoline! I told the bartender about it and she proceeded to argue with me that I didn't know what I was talking about. I couldn't finish the beer. Guinness for the record is my favorite beer. She proceeded to ignore me and my group for the rest of the night and we had to ask the poor food runner to get out checks for us. Needless to say I will think twice before ever going here again.
3	A few things are really great at Sidelines.  For one, the food.  Great burgers and wings.  Second, the beer selection.  They have a number of beers on tap (including some local brews) as well as bottles.  They also have a mug club for those who choose to be adventurous.  The food prices aren't bad, but some of the beers tend to be pricey.  The service, too, can be hit or miss.  I wouldn't call it bad service but some of the bartenders aren't very attentive.  However it's not frequent enough to keep me away.There's a great neighborhood bar atmosphere here if you're looking for a good place to hang with some friends.  Excellent place to catch a Pirates, Penguins or Steelers game.
4	Came over from Ireland for ten days off the plane and straight to sidelines best wings i ever had can't wait to get back over again loads of different beers to try over all a great bar!
