1	Hmmm...the conversation went something like this:Me: I'd like to get this skirt hemmed.Her: I can do that; it would take approximately 10 days.Me: And what is the cost?Her: Twenty eight dollars ($28.00).Me: [Choking] What!?  $28.00!?Her: Honey, if you don't want to pay that, you don't have to.  I don't have time for this [walking away from me and the front of the store].Me: OK.  I guess that's settled [walking away from her and out the front door].I guess this establishment doesn't need the money...nor the goodwill.
1	The previous reviewer has it right! It seemed the mean grumpy lady behind the counter decided she didn't want my business when I walked in. No hello, no smile, no "can I help you."Me: do you alter leather?Her: What do you have?Me: I want to alter the arms eye.Her: That's going to be expensive...Me: What is expensive?Her: $90Me: (thinking how does she stay in business?) I know someone who will do it for $40, you were just closer to where I live. (I walked out)Not a friendly place at all. Very disappointed since I have so many things that need alteration, but I am sure yelp will point me to a good place!
2	I've been going to this lady for 4 years. She is an European Spaniard. Her personality is just as her origin background.  An elitist. You just need to take her with a grain of salt. She is expensive but gets the job done.
1	OVERPRICED & DECEITFUL & RUDE!I should have read the reviews before I came here! I took a bridesmaid dress in to have the top taken in like 1/4 inch, not much. I asked her, how much will this cost? She assured me it would not be "much". It was $60 and she hardly did a thing, can't even steam it there. I was irate but calmly asked her if she could charge less and she screamed NO! She said it's because the dress cost more. Yeah...like that matters A guy was there dropping off pants that needed taken OUT which is a lot more work, she charge him $18.50 for each pair. I don't know if that is good for pants a lot but her pricing scale seems way off!Previously I've been to 5th Avenue Alterations and they charge me $50 for a floor length brdiesmaid dress that they took in the whole thing AND steamed it. They're also polite and will work with you on pricing and communicate with you beforehand. Definitely worth the few extra minutes of a drive!!
1	The Tailor I used to go to had to go out of business due to health issues so I have been in search of a new one.  This lady was recommended by one of my friends because she said that she does good work.  I have 3 clothing items that need very small fixings so I decided to take them in to this lady on Miller and Camelback.  I walk in and the place smells like an older lady that hasn't showered.  Then I walk up to the counter and the lady just stares at me.  I put my items on the counter and asked her how much it would cost to have her re-hem one pant leg of some work pants, she says "$17.50".  I looked at her and said "for one pant leg?" and she says yes.  I then tell her that I think that is pretty expensive considering the tailor I used to go to charged maybe $7.  She leaned back in her chair and said "you aren't one of my customers" in her stupid accent.  So basically she told me if I am not willing to pay $17.50 for her to re-hem one leg of my pants that she doesn't want me as her customer.How is this lady staying in business?? First of all the smell of the place would deter me from leaving my clothes in there anyway because I know I would pick them up and they would smell like her which would be a no-no.  Worst business lady ever!!
1	This place is terrible. It smells like rotten food and looks old and dirty. The woman who runs the shop is rude. She will also lie to you about how quickly she can have your clothes ready. This happened to me twice and unfortunately, I was really depending on her to have my dress ready. I will never go back.
