5	I saw Ed Oliver at OTFM (Old Town Farmers Market) last week, but I was in a hurry and I had my dog, so I made a mental note to myself that I would have to come back another time to check this guy out... So that's exactly what I did today!Ed offers five minute complimentary massages and then you can pay $1 per minute for him to go longer.  I've had some back and shoulder pain recently, so Ed worked on that and he found the right spots... I love that I can go to the farmers market, hop on his table and get a massage, and then do my shopping.  This may have to become a weekly ritual for me!Ed also offers dog massages, which I will have to bring Minnie by for sometime soon.  If she loves it half as much as her mama, it will be money well spent.  Ed is reason alone to stop by OTFM each Saturday, as if you needed a reason other than the fresh produce, ice cream, coffee, la vida locavore, farm sessions, etc...
5	Ed Oliver is Massage. I have lots of chinks and weekend warrior injuries, which Ed manages to help me with, so I can keep doing all the dumb things all over again. He has an office on Raintree in addition to his office at OTFM! Truly, he knows body parts and where the injuries are, and he works at them carefully and patiently, so you won't be worse off after the session. He makes alot of massage therapists look like massage school flunkies. He is no-nonsense and really good.
5	Great massage - Ed is able to get my tight muscles to relax without causing me pain. The massage is enjoyable yet effective. He really knows his stuff!
5	Ed is AWESOME!!!!!  I tweaked my back and could barely walk.  I called and he got me in later that day.  When I "walked" in, I was hunched over at a 45 degree angle and my stride was about 3 inches.  In 45 minutes he explained exactly what was wrong and he undid the disaster in my muscles.  I walked out of there upright and feeling new again.  I did a follow up the next morning and have been back to normal since then.  A true miracleworker!!!! After talking with co-workers several experienced the same back pain/issue that I did and most sought out a MD to treat them and they were filled with drugs and steroids for months until they got relief.   Ed reliefed my pain in 45 minutes without any drugs!!!I would highly recommend Ed.  He is extremely knowledgeable and does not inflict pain to unkink muscles which is rare in deep tissue massage.
5	I have been seeing Ed for over 15 years. i first encountered him at my chiropractor's office. i was suffering from hip and lower back pain. Ed was able to help my situation greatly. Since that time I have seen him on a regular basis. He has helped me rehab from 4 knee surgeries, a hip replacement and a shattered left wrist. He has been part of my support team to keep me injury free and active on my bicycle. I wouldn't be where I am physically today with out him.
