5	Everyone should work with Chris.  While that would make him quite busy, every client would be better off and happier for it.  My wife and I have worked with him three times.  What sets Chris apart is his consistent commitment to his client.  Chris is focused on the client and their wishes from the initial meeting all the way through the signing of the paperwork (he will sit with you and explain every page of it too, if you wish).  Chris has truly mastered his craft and you would be hurting yourself to use anyone else.
5	Thought I would give a "shout out" for Chris!  He helped me purchase 2 homes in Phoenix. I am a satisfied customer and would choose to use him again and again, if I ever decide to  buy/sell property in the future! Chris is  Honest, ethical, knowledgeable, no-pressure, and very personable,
5	I'd met Chris while we were neighbors at Artisan Village.  He always had a reputation of being an all-round good guy and a skilled real estate broker.  Because of this, when it came time to sell my condo, I gave RooPho my business.  Chris lived up to his reputation and took care of all details of my transaction capably and always delivered sound advice when I needed it.  His knowledge of central Phoenix real estate is unparalleled and I would not hesitate to recommend RooPho for your real estate needs.
5	I recently purchased a condo in mid-town Phoenix with Chris' help. It was a stress-free endeavor from start to finish! I chose Chris and RooPho realty because of the website - it is incredibly detailed and current. It helped me learn more about my targeted area and the communities within. Chris' knowledge of the market helped me narrow my search down. He pulled listing that met my criteria and sent them to me, so I could review and select...then he'd set up tour days to get out and view as many as possible. Chris was always accessible, answering emails and texts quickly. He walked me through the process (which is a little different here than on the East Coast). He was on top f all the details as we progressed from offer phase to purchase.All in all, I could not be happier with my experience with Chris ans RooPho Realty!
