5	My husband (English) and I took my parents (19-year Phoenix veterans) on this tour this past weekend. It's not easy to find something all four of us enjoy, but we all had a great time! The food was plentiful, the walks were reasonable, and Jessica and Jay were fantastic to work with. We are definitely going to add culinary tours to our vacation agendas from now on.Thanks for a wonderful time!
5	FANTASTIC culinary tour with a touch of history thrown in for good measure! I recommend this highly; make a reservation now! :)
5	My husband and I and his parents took this tour for my husband's birthday, we all had an awesome time!  Marlene was a wonderful tour guide and Jessica added all of her food knowledge of the restaurants we were visiting.Our first stop was the Ghost Lounge that is filled with history, very interesting.  Then we went onto Hanny's that was also filled with some wonderful stories.  Next was 1130 in the Arizona Center where were were served the "Best Mojitos in the Valley".  We finished off at My Big Fat Greek with flaming cheese, gyro meat and baklava!  Ate each establishment, we had someone from the restaurant explain what were eating and a little about their place.What a treat and we certainly were stuffed when we were done.  We also took advangage of the alcohol sampling which was well worth it.  The weather was perfect, the pace was just right and we all wad a wonderful time!
5	I decided I wanted to do something new and different for my birthday, so I decided to go on a local restaurant tour. Taste It Tours seemed like the best one, they had good reviews online and they were located in Downtown Phoenix. I must say, is was really impressed! One of the main things I wanted from a food tour was to GET FULL and HAVE FUN. The Taste It Tour team provided just that with an urban experience. The tour started at the Ghost Lounge at The Hotel San Carlos and ended at My Big Fat Greek Express in Cityscape. In between we hit a number of great places including a local hidden gem 1130 The Restaurant and the popular Hanny's. 1. The Ghost Lounge in San Carlos Hotel - I had never been to the San Carlos Hotel or the Ghost Lounge. I enjoyed hearing the local history and haunted stories. The tour guide did a great job at keeping us our toes and giving us a hint of what to expect for the rest of the evening. At the Ghost Lounge we were given a Margarita and it was delicious. It was smooth and hit all the points of a margarita but it didn't have that corny margarita mix taste, which is key for me! 2. Hanny's - I've been to Hanny's twice before and knew a little of the history but had no idea about the glass elevator, the haunted doll room and the doll perched on the outside window on a top floor! BTW, that totally freaked me out. We sampled Hanny's famous flat bread pizza, which never disappoints. Nothing new for me, since I've had both pizzas before, but I enjoyed the history. 3. 1130 The Restaurant - This stop was probably worth the entire tour. Lobsters, Mussels, Mojitos.. Oh My! Lobster.. on a food tour? Exactly. Oh, and everything was so good. The Lobster was the perfect serving size nestled in a bed of lettuce with a Thai type sauce to top it, the mussels were cooked to perfection and seasoned lightly on a bed of buttered pasta and the Mojitos were perfect, not too sweet. Not to mention, the location was well worth it. My first time there and I'll be back very very soon.4. My Big Fat Greek Express - I was a little wary of this stop. I've been here many times at different locations and although I love it, I didn't think it was food tour material. But then again, they surprised me. The waiter brought out this wonderful flaming cheese that was smoky and spicy, I also got a tasty lamb and beef sampler platter, I got a Baklava that was really sweet, it was good, a little too sweet for me, but for the sweet tooths in the group it was a hit. Oh, and a Sangria finished it off. The Sangria was really sweet as well, but for the sweet tooths in the group, again a hit. All in all, it was worth every single penny. I left stuffed, had a great time. It was really fun. Definitely recommended for out of towners and locals. Made me realize even more how awesome our downtown area is.
5	We went on this tour about a month ago - what a fantastic tour!  The food and ambience were excellent and we learned so much about the restaurants and downtown area from our guide. We'll definitely do another one of their tours in the future.  Highly recommend!!
5	I have taken two "Taste It Tours" and I honestly am ready for my third asap. As soon as I knew Taste It Tours existed I knew that it was something I had to do. A food tour is what my family and I joke about doing every time we visit a new city so when I realized there was an organized tour I could take them on in Phoenix I signed us all up.The first tour we took was the day tour which was a blast. Not only did we get to try some new, unique, local eateries but learned about the history of downtown Phoenix at the same time. The tour guide was extremely knowledgeable and the food was amazing. My favorite stop was Fair Trade Cafe which I have already visited at least 3-4 times since the tour.The evening tour was just as great with even more amazing restaurants to check out. I was even more impressed with the menu/drink samplings and restaurant choices this go around. There was more of a focus on the food & drink versus the history which was a nice change from the day tour.Overall I would highly recommend this tour to anyone and everyone that loves food & wants to learn more about great local restaurants. In addition I would suggest you go for the $10 drink samplings since it only adds to the fun! The Taste It Tour Team knows what they are doing and has done their research to provide the customers with the highest quality experience.  Can't wait to check out their new tours!
5	Today was my first Taste It Tour and I would definitely go again!  I tried it while on vacation in Phoenix so the area was completely new to me.  We stopped at 4 restaurants and each one was great.  There was plenty of food to try (we were stuffed by the end of the tour!) and each of the restaurants had their own unique features which made it fun.  We walked about 2 miles in total but had plenty of breaks so this tour would be great for any fitness level.  The tour guides were great and had plenty of info to share about not only the restaurant but about buildings and features of the area as well.  We had 8 people in our group which was a perfect size.  I would recommend this tour to anyone who lives in Phoenix looking for some interesting places to visit or to anyone vising for the first time.  I will certainly be back again for another tour on my next visit! A+!!!
3	Thought this was a fun way to get to know Phoenix -- and it was!Our tour guide was fantastic and fun (think her name was Marlene?). Really knowledgeable about the area and passionate about her city. I loved walking around the area and learning about the history of the buildings through her and she was such a joy.Overall the food was good but nothing to write home about. With the exception of Squash Blossoms, what was missing for me was why we visited the places we did. For example, I'm not sure why a Thai place was chosen other than "the food is good." It was but it wasn't different than any other Thai restaurant out there. Thai iced tea, pad thai, tom yum soup, and chicken stir fry. Same with the Italian place. Bruschetta, tortellini in cream sauce and penne in bolognese sauce. Good but not really unique.I guess better context would've been nice because if you're interested in discovering Phoenix restaurants, you could easily do that through Yelp. I've been on a Chicago food tour where even though they had mundane things like hot dogs and pizza, it was all within context of how the food was tied to the fabric of Chicago history and/or its current community. That's what made that tour so interesting.The tour ended at Westward Ho with former railroad chef and Westward Ho resident Chef Dennis. What a hoot! Learning about the history of that place was priceless.So if you're a foodie and looking for a foodie experience, don't expect any revelations but do enjoy the good food and great guides. And wear something with an elastic waistband. You'll thank me later.
3	The Good -The tour took us to places we would not have seen otherwise.  This is a great way to visit downtown or take people who are in from out of town.The Bad - The tour did run a little long, I think it to took an hour before we actually left to go to our first stop, that could have been shortened.The real trouble I had was actually getting the tour booked.  I had purchased a Groupon and tried booking prior to it expiring, I called to make the reservation but all of the dates were full, I asked if my Groupon could be extended because of this and I was told (by a man) no, and that next time I should "be a little more proactive." This was 2 weeks out before the expiration date, so it seemed like more had been sold than could be handled.  I really tried working with him, offering to just use two of my Groupons instead of all 4 and being flexible with any day or time, but his attitude was just really bad.I had actually forgotten about this until I was going though my Groupons, I was able to use them for the price I paid, but it sucks to purchase 4 tickets to something and not be able to use them.  Jessica was very nice on the phone, she did give us the drink upgrade with out charging us and honestly I think if it had not been for her I probably would have called Groupon and asked for my money back.
5	Had a great time learning about the history of Phoenix and the food was great! Have been on a few other tours in the past and this definitely fed us more than most. Different kind of date night. Definitely recommend
4	Even though I have lived in Phoenix for over 10 years, I found the tour a wonderful experience.  First off, you will visit locally owned restaurants that are unique with very tasty food.  I was full after visiting 5 restaurants.  The food portions was just enough.  Also the historical information is interesting.  Even though I knew some of the information of the places we passed, I still learned something new.  The walk wasn't bad at all, but I recommend comfortable shoes.  This has peaked my interest and I plan to try other food tours.
5	I wasn't sure what to expect with Taste it Tours.  I went with a group celebrating my mothers 70th Birthday.  What I found was not only was the food excellent at all of the places we stopped at, I discovered 4 new great restaurants which I plan on returning too and I was amazed on how much I learned about downtown Phoenix which I never knew and I have lived here for close to 30 years.  I travel all around the world and appreciate other countries and never stop and appreciate my city like I was able to with Taste it Tours.  Additionally, there was so much food, not only did I not have to eat lunch before hand, I did not end up eating dinner after wards  Our guide was very personable, friendly, and just a great guy.
5	We had a wonderful experience from start to finish!! Our tour guide was awesome!! We were celebrating a friends 50th birthday and it was a great time!!! The food price was reasonable, the food was great and the entire group (25 people) enjoyed every minute of it!! What a fun and unique way to experience downtown!
5	This was simply a wonderful time had by all!! Loved the historical info, the food, the drinks, the company and our dear hostess, Jessica! This is so worth the money (and I got a special deal, so even better) I think you will have a wonderful time!!
5	Jessica provides an awesome experience.  When you first arrive you are greeted with a smile and a glass of wine.  She lines up a nice variety of restaurants and they were all ready for us upon our arrival.  The food at each of the restauraunts was delicious, we actually went back downtown the following night and had appetizers at one of them.Along the way she provides a bit of history regarding the restaurant.  In addition as you are making your way between the various restaurants she provides some history of the buildings you pass by.  We had a number of locals on our tour so she provided some information of various festivities which occur downtown throughout the year.
5	The Taste It Tour is a unique,  fun and tasteful way to sample the food and drink of Scottsdale. Guide Jessica was fun and interesting. This is a new way to dine and sample food from 5 highly rated restaurants!
4	Today we did the Taste It Tour - Scottsdale Trolley tour.  This was our third Taste It Tour, and we enjoyed it.  The food was great, there was alcohol at every stop, and we both left very full.  We also enjoyed hearing from the managers, chefs, owners about their restaurants.  The only improvement we'd suggest would be to add more historical and cultural details, especially between stops.  Given the depth of history in downtown Scottsdale, this would enhance the experience, especially for those who are here on vacation.
4	You need to do this tour. Whether you are from Phoenix or from out of town it is a great way to spend a few hours. We went on the Scottsdale Trolley Tour. We visited 5 locations and had everything from Mexican to English to chocolate. There are also cocktails at just about every location. You don't need dinner after this tour!We also learned a bit about the history of Scottsdale as we walked along. We had 2 people that have lived in Scottsdale for 15+ years in our party and even they learned something new.Definetly something to put on your to do list!
5	After week on vacation, our family of five, was maxed out on sit down meals--even at nice restaurants.  So, Taste it Tours caught our attention.  Great way to have a different type of dinner experience  it was terrific.  We tried delicious food and drink at five spots and learned about Phoenix history as well.   If we lived in Phoenix, we would definitely go back to the restaurnats we visited--they were well selected. And of course, Jessica, the owner is delightful.  Personable and knowledgeable.Not to be missed.
5	What a fun outing!  We did the Downtown Phoenix daytime tour last year and our friends who come every year requested that we do a different tour this time since we had so much fun!  The Scottsdale tour was just as much fun--and delicious!  So fun to experience new places or places that have been around a long time that we have just missed.  Our guide Jessica was great--go and have a great time!
5	I thoroughly enjoyed Jessica's food tour in Phoenix. Great way to explore the downtown Phoenix area, learn about its history and landmarks, and eat some great food. Recommend to out of towners or locals looking to explore their own city.
