3	John & Kathy's Shop is in downtown Phoenix near the Wells Fargo Tower.  If you're in the area and need certain services, this is a great little shop. They have simple sandwiches for a quick lunch, as well as coffee, sodas and water. They sell stamps and can handle your USPS needs as well as dry cleaning. Within the store itself, find postcards, candy and other snacks, a small selection of cards, and a small selection of over-the-counter meds. Bonus: they open at 6:30 a.m.The "postal service" part of their business is open 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. There's nothing like being told "...in 10 more minutes" as they're sitting right there. Not sure what the deal is with that, unless it's a directive from the US Postal Service.
2	Review for its postal service only.The smoke shop has a USPS window. It is a USPS contractor and unfortunately I found its practice seemed quite casual to me.(1) CHARGED ME 50 CENTS MORE FOR PAYING CREDIT CARD... and the owner did not tell me the extra charge until I saw the receipt.(2) The parcel was not stamped when I left the shop. In fact, it was placed on the chair inside the window. I didn't confront them right away because I was in a hurry. But USPS doesn't allow such practice as a matter of rule.(3) I have paid more for postage here than at a real USPS location. So I will try mail it elsewhere next time.
5	Friendly and courteous, always great service. Rather utilize John and Kathy's for postal needs, it is better than stepping over vagrants to get to the Central Ave post office! Thank you for being downtown!
4	I had seen this place highlighted on the Downtown Ambassador's facebook page and when they mentioned that it was also a post office, I was thrilled since I have never been able to successfully visit the post office on central due to limited parking. A few days later I had a several packages that needed to be delivered so I walked down to John and Kathy's. Upon entering I was greeted and the woman working behind the post office window was not only helpful in choosing the best service to get my package where it needed to be on time but also saving me some money by suggesting I use a different box. Overall, this was way better than any post office experience I've had since no one was rushing to get me through a big long line. There was the charge for using my credit card but for the time and money she saved me, I'd gladly pay the $.50. I'll be going here to deliver all my packages in the future!
1	I have given this shop at least three chances, given that it is very convenient for me and it is a local business; however, I have never left that shop with a smile on my face and have always left disappointed and irritated.  The items for sale are normal things you would expect to see in a snack shop for the most part.  If you want to purchase a soft drink, you have to use a cup that has been prefilled with very little ice and stored in a freezer, instead of a normal ice machine.  That has always rubbed me the wrong way.  How do I know what method was used to load those cups with ice...gross.  I also am reminded any time that I use this location for shipping needs, that they "provide this service as a courtesy, but really only make their money in the shop side", so they encourage me to buy something in addition to using the shop for shipping.  I understand it's a mom and pop shop, but really??  The most recent time I went to the store to ship some return items using two prepaid return labels, Kathy said that she wouldn't ship the items unless I could tell her how much postage the company I was returning the items to would pay.  How am I supposed to know that?  They send you a prepaid return label and say to drop it off at a USPS location, and you're done!  She refused.  I felt as if she was trying NOT to help me.  Based on all of these reasons and my most recent experience, I will never go to this shop again and I will venture to the real post office and deal with much more helpful and pleasant people.
5	What a great local store!  I love the edition of pizza.  The card selection is nice and one of the only convenient post offices in the area.  John and Kathy are warm and friendly.  John's pretty funny to when you get him going.  They are big Chicago fans and their quant store is a nice part of downtown.  Thanks for keeping it real! And for having coffee!
