5	Excellent Chinese food, although there was too much broccoli in my beef and broccoli for my taste. I've never sat in or called in an order there. I've always just walked in and ordered and have never had to wait more than 15 minutes for my orders of at least 3 entries to be ready. Highly recommend.Oh and by the way. There's actual Chinese people working and cooking there. Every time I go into a restaurant based on some ethnic food, that isn't a a big chain like Panda Express or Olive Garden, I always try to see if the cooks are of or at least within' the ethnic parameters of given store. This passed the test! There were like 3 Chinese people cooking, two Chinese people working the tables, a Chinese dude handling the front end and I even think there was a Chinese dude  waiting for the next delivery order to be ready for delivery. That alone gives this place a 5/5.
5	When I first moved to Vegas from California I was told that Vegas has the worst Chinese food ever. Then one day I happened upon China A Go Go. The food is very good especially Buddha's Delight, the egg rolls are delicious and the crab rangoon is to die for. The service is amazing... Around Christmas when they deliver to us, they gave us a Christmas gift.  They have great food and great customer service, something that you rarely see now at days... I love China A Go Go
4	We ordered delivery service from them last night.  I like that they do the family meals.  We generally order a couple things and then share between us, so it's pretty cool to already have in that format with a better price tag.  I thought it was very affordable and the portions were good.  The food was good, not exceptionally fantastic, but still really yummy.  I wasn't a fan of their fried rice, so I probably wouldn't order it again.The delivery time though was fantastic and about 20 minutes less than what they told me it would be.  We would definitely order from there again.  =)
4	Really yummy, good prices, and fast service. My fav dish is the eggplant tofu, it has a good spicy factor and an excellent sauce. The noodles aren't greasy or too soft. Delish!
4	The rating is more like a 3.5, but that option isn't available yet. Haha. Anyway, I just stopped by here to get my Mongolian beef fix and I must say it was some of the best flavor and portion wise.  I got an order of Mongolian beef and pork fried rice, which totaled $14+. Maybe it's just me, but that seems kinda steep for take-out for 1.  The service was quick tonight, but I've heard that sometimes it can get pretty busy, so call ahead.  Everything was flavorful and tasted good, but my only gripe was the fact that my whole container of bbq pork fried rice were fat pieces and not meat :/  Next time I go I will steer clear of that or politely ask them not to do it again.
5	I love this place... One of the best Chinese food restaurants on this side of town.... I recommend to everyoneSauteed Garden Vegetable Combo w/ veggie egg rolls and yummy thai tea boba
5	cant love a chinese place any better. I find myself always wanting to come here. And if i were to go somewhere else i would feel like im cheating on them. Sesame beef with extra garlic is my thing! my family likes to come here too
5	I wrote a review for China a "GoGo"(no space) which is a different listing for this same restaurant. I'm just going to cut and paste my old review and place here on what seems to be the proper China A "Go Go". Been there a lot of times since my initial review and the praise still holds today.  *** Original review ***Excellent Chinese food, although there was too much broccoli in my beef and broccoli for my taste. I've never sat in or called in an order there. I've always just walked in and ordered and have never had to wait more than 15 minutes for my orders of at least 3 entries to be ready. Highly recommend.Oh and by the way. There's actual Chinese people working and cooking there. Every time I go into a restaurant based on some ethnic food, that isn't a a big chain like Panda Express or Olive Garden, I always try to see if the cooks are of or at least within' the ethnic parameters of given store. This passed the test! There were like 3 Chinese people cooking, two Chinese people working the tables, a Chinese dude handling the front end and I even think there was a Chinese dude waiting for the next delivery order to be ready for delivery. That alone gives this place a 5/5.
4	Delicious chinese food. Came out fast and fresh. Big chunks of chicken in my teriyaki bowl. And they granted my request for extra teriyaki. Love the Honeydew slush with No Boba. The Shrimp for a appetizer was delicious. My friend had the Walnut shrimp. It was alot of food that she couldnt finish it, and the prices were low.
3	food is good, employees always seem to be pleasant. I enjoyed this place regularly until I made a stop in their bathroom. it was disgustingly dirty. not messy, but as if they hadn't swept, mopped, wiped anything down since it had opened. ( I had observed this about 6 months since they opened). if they can't keep the bathroom clean, who knows what it looks like behind closed doors. haven't went back since.
3	Good, solid Chinese food served fast at a good price.  Lunch specials are a good value.
4	Awesome Chinese food. I don't even care for Chinese food, but my dad does so I put it into my gps and this place came up.  Boy was I glad we went there. We had to drive through some sketchy neighbourhoods to get there, but the food was GREAT!The service was rapid and friendly, and I was glad to hear that there are other stores (so that I won't fear getting mugged if I had to drive to there again). Don't get me wrong the shopping complex that it was located in was clean and newer but the 2 mile drive to the freeway was not a part of the "Fabulous Las Vegas" that most people ever see, or would want to.I've lived in some rough neighbourhoods In my life...Fresno, Long Beach, Oxnard but I was too naive to understand how dangerous those places really were.  If driving through the ghetto doesn't scare you then check it out.Please be aware that they are not all as good as the others.  I took friends to another one and the food was just okay.Just saw that I never finished this review from July of 2011.  Please note that the review was from over a year ago so it may not reflect the current status of the food's quality.
5	My wife is very particular about the noodles she enjoys eating and this place delivered. Not only did it delivered on the noodles, China A Go Go has very good tasting food. I had the lunch special, orange chicken with Chow Mean and Rice - DELICIOUS. The service was fast, always a plus in my book.I did not have a Yelp account and hardly review anything any where. I had to do it for China A Go Go. This is going to be a definate stop every Vegas trip.Thank you China A GoGo!
4	A wonderful suprise discovery in my own backyard. Great Selection of entrees. Huge Portions. . Go with a friend or two and sample wache door in under 5mins.  others dining choices. Not to worry ..there will still be plenty to munch on as a late night snack. Or to go and they will have you out the door with your order in around 5 mins.
5	I freaking love this place! This by far has been my favorite Chinese American food I have favored! I have rated the food from an A to F ratings. My A list has been the Phad Thai Noodles and Kung Pao. The Phad Thai Noodles will fill you up quick! You probably won't be able to finish the whole thing in one seating. They are pretty hot, but the good hot. The egg and shrimp are popping. You can't really get overwhelmed with the mint leaves so that's good. The Kung Pao is just as spicy and the meat is real good.  I have only one B dish which is the Sungapore Curry Noodles. The noodles just have a great pleasant taste to eat. You just enjoy the taste. My C list is the Phad Kee Meo and New York Style Chow Mein. The Phad has a similar taste to the Phad Thai but without all the spiciness just the flavor. Also the Phad has an up notch taste to those regular fake Chinese places. Every time I go in and make my order it is super fast! And if they take a little longer with your order it's either A they are busy, or they are making it from scratch and are busy so your order is going to be a little hot, but tastier.   At least that's how I've seen it. The Wontons are good also crispy. I've had there lunch specials. The rice doesn't feel that much like your chocking on it and the noodles are okay. The boba from here is good also. I think what makes this place soo good is that it has kept a lot of the same cooks from it's grand opening and has kept at least two of the original staff members. It's been four years since it's opened and it has been kicking ass for me since then. One day I wish to try out the restaurant next door to it.  If you are around the area you should give this place a try. I will keep updating this reviews when I try new dishes from this place.
1	Last time the food was excellent. This time it is dry and lukewarm.  The service staff is worse than the food. All they want is your money and then they dont help you after you place an order in togo. My food was sitting at the counter for 7 minutes while the staff just stare at you in aw. Not a smile in site from 6 employees. With that said, it felt unwelcoming, almost to the point where you are bothering the employees. And the kid that took my order was very effortless that had no energy to lift his fingers to help out. I was the only one in the restaurant at the time. I give this place one more chance before I stop coming here.
4	I have always been a fan of China A Go Go.  I made sure to be here the first week it opened.  They have great dishes and the family style service is a plus.  I have never had a bum meal here, nor have I had bad service.  I can't believe I haven't been here in the past 6 months.  Funny how fast time flies.  Anyhow, here is my review from my last visit.  It'll probably be a short one as we just got take out.I called China A Go Go and ordered their Meal A.  In our order was Broccoli Beef, Orange Chicken, Egg Rolls, Fried Rice, White Rice and Won Ton soup.  We pull up and found a parking spot right out in front of the restaurant.  As we walked in we were met at the front by a hostess and she took care of our order.Within 5 minutes of getting there, our order was up front double wrapped in plastic with all of the plastic ware, napkins and chopsticks.  Good stuff!
1	All I can say is the Yelp reviews here MUST be completely bogus.HORRIBLE Chain Chinese Food.The worst I've ever had.The sauces are from a jar, the veggies are completely raw there is so much wrong here I don't know where to begin.I actually went out of my way to eat this crap based on the Yelp reviews!Totally BURNED!
4	Late review: July 5: DeliveryIt was just too hot to do anything so we decided to order Chinese.We ordered a variety of dishes and the food was delivered hot and steaming.Portion were big and liked how they separated the food especially the crunchy noodle dish.  The extra rice we were unable to eat we saved and made fried rice the next day.
3	I've been coming to this restaurant for years but it's more of a occasional visit kind of place for me. Usually when I stop in, I'll go for the salt and pepper shrimp or the black bean fish fillet, both of which are pretty grubbin. I used to really love the shrimp here but the quality of the shrimp is suffering lately so I've stayed away. Usually when I'm not in the mood for eating shrimp or fish, the Buddha's delight is a pretty good option as well. The food isn't super stellar but the servers are nice, food portions are big, and the service is quick.Overall, china a go go is a quick eat when I'm in the mood. Not too bad for A Chinese place on this side of town.
3	Fair, not good/great.  Server brought my wife a cup of Egg Drop soup, but told me I couldn't buy that size for Hot and Sour soup, so I had to get larger bowl.  Right!  Good soup, though, but a wee too tart.  Oh, H&S soup should have ground pork bits in it, not shrimps. Potstickers had tasty filling and dipping sauce, but the wontons/dough they were wrapped in was way too thick/doughy.  Egg rolls were very good.Main dishes - wife had Pad Thai.  Bad idea; never go cross-ethnic in a foreign cuisine restaurant.  The dish tasted fishy.  My dish was General Tso's Chicken.  Chicken was processed kind w/ strange chew/consistency and individual pieces were over-fried.Restaurant staff were friendly and smiling. Building was clean and decor modern.   Background music was some kind of Asian rom-pop, which was a bit of a distraction.  All-in-all, not a bad experience for our annual "A Christmas Story" Chinese restaurant semi-reenactment.
5	I love this place it's very different from what I usually eat but I love the great customer service they have and how attentive they are with my family ; ) the food is always warm and they have very fast service I recommend everyone to go eat there .
1	Food is good, but there customer service is bad. I called in an order and the lady was so rude that I just said it's okay I'll just come in and hung up. So, I went in to order cause I wanted some of my favorite food. The guy taking my order seemed upset he was working. Then, when he gave me my order, he was looking the opposite way and didn't even say your welcome when I said thank you. Even though this location is closer to me, I will not be going back. I will give my business to the one that's on Losee Road.  They understand what customer service is.  ;)
4	Sometimes China A Go Go gets a bad reputation for being dirty.  I've never found that to be the case at this location or even the one on North Rainbow.  I've been eating here for years and I have come to expect consistently good food and service.  It is not uncommon for me to go into China A Go Go, place a to go order and be offered a complimentary beverage while I wait.  It never takes terribly long either. 10 or 15 minutes max.  I am always pleased with the amount of food I get.  I am sure to never go hungry when eating here.  My usual order(s) are mushu chicken, orange chicken, garlilc chicken, beef with brocoli or mongolian beef.  Sometimes I'll get a noodle dish like chicken chow fun or Singapore curry noodles.  Everything I ever get is always good.  From time to time I do get egg foo young.  This was never my favorite Chinese dish growing up as I do not care for eggs 9 times out of 10.  But here is different.  I love the egg foo young and its the gravy that makes it.  That stuff would make an old show taste good.  Not that the egg foo young tastes like an old shoe.  Its good on its own but stellar with the gravy.  I just want to make that clear.  The point is I've never had a bad experience here.  I've got my dad hooked on it and my grandparents really liked it too when I treated them to dinner after they drove me home from SoCal when Grey Hound over booked their bus and I could not get on.  Argh!  But that is another story in and of itself.  Lets bring the focus back to China A Go Go.  Its good Chinese food made by Chinese people unlike some other "Chinese" restaurants *cough* Panda Express *cough*
5	So delicious! The food is great and the boba tea, yum! ... What I also like about this place is that it's super clean! My husband and I go once a week for lunch. Lots of food for awesome price! Highly recommend!
3	This place isn't as great as it used to be i prefer China Gourmet. they changed many ingredients and it honestly isn't too good any more
4	GReat food.  This was my second visit.  Both times equally good.  There were 8 of us, each of us with a different dish and then we shared three different types of sushi as appetizers.  All of it was good quality and taste.  The service was good too.
4	I know it's weird that an Asian person would like this place but I love china a go go. I always get the family dinner with fried rice, hot and sour soup, Kung pao chicken, and beef and broccoli. Their house special chicken is good too, it's like general tsao's chicken or spicy orange chicken. It also comes with a couple egg rolls and rangoons. After tax it's like $29 bucks and can feed a lot of people. If you split them up into Panda Express boxes they'd fit 4 meals generously.The food is always fresh and good. Idk how authentic "Chinese" it is is but it is the perfect hang over food for me lol
4	My wife is one of the pickiest eaters I've met, but for some reason she loves the vegetable chow mein here and the spring rolls. Now, I've had both, the chow mein is forgettable to say the lease and I'm pretty sure the egg rolls are just frozen from 7-11 or something. But, she loves it and I'll get her whatever she wants. On the nights she's craving her chow mein and spring rolls, I just get an order of their egg flower soup and a side of rice, i mix them together and add a little low sodium soy sauce and a healthy dose of sriracha. It's very good and filling and cheap.There isn't much more I can say about the place, it's cheap, quick chinese food. It's a little more expensive then panda express and a little better, but don't expect gourmet. I'd say it falls somewhere between panda and p.f. changs, but a lot closer to panda express. Coke products gained them an extra star on my review. Sorry look at this as a 3 star review.
5	Hands down my favorite Chinese place in Las Vegas. Their lunch special is the best as it is very affordable and the portions are perfect. My favorite thing to get is their House special chicken with mushrooms and their Thai tea yum.
4	This is one place that you shouldn't let the looks on the outside deceive you.  We were quickly seated and they immediately served our drinks before we even got settled in. Their menu is huge and there is so much to choose from. We ordered 2 lunch orders of Orange Chicken with fried rice, large order. Of Kung Pao beef with white rice, and side of Cream Cheese Wontons. All of these dishes were huge and very large portons. Even the lunch specials were very good size, 2 could share that meal. The service was nice and they were very attentive with refills. I'm very picky when it comes to Chinese food and this was actually a very good place to eat. I already recommended it to family and I have every intent to eat there again.
5	delicious food, great service.
1	First time here lunch special come with soup. But they don't give to me when dine in. No one care I guess. Typical Chinese service.
3	I usually Order from here a lot, it normal takes 20 mins for them to get here but today when the answered the phone the lady was RUDE!! & Deaf. They took an hour to get here but all in all it was delicious
5	Price is right, food is authentic. Real Chinese people cooking Chinese food. Can't go wrong. Fried rice is the best.
