4	An amazing burger.  This restaurant specializes in beef and it shows with the burger.  I think they must grind their own meat.  The burger is juicy (but not greasy) and topped with three cheeses and perfectly cooked bacon.  The bun, which is an important part of the burger, was nicely toasted.  The fries were also good.The atmosphere was club-like with lots of energy and color.  The service and friendliness could be a little better.  My waitress disappeared for a long period and then proceeded to tell me her troubles in the bathroom...  not appetizing when someone is serving food!  Overall, the burger and energetic atmosphere made up for the lacking service and friendliness.  A good place in old Montreal for a nice meal.
5	I had never dined like this before.We had the Elk MedallianGoat Cheese Saladthe Panacotta with Lemon and BergamontEverything we tried was divine. The wine was the most expensive thing and it was so so. Solid, and tasty, but I wish spending 250 on the wine would have made it taste better. The ambiance was exquisite. The service was great. Dessert was great. All in all a rock solid dining experience. I will remember that dinner for a very long time.
4	This restaurant, nestled in old Montreal, was in our hotel's lobby, so after a long drive from Massachusetts, we thought we'd give it a go.The dinner menu offered about 6 appetizers and maybe 6 main course choices along with a huge wine list. Service was excellent, and polite, although maybe a little disorganized. We both had the soup, which was butternut. It was delicious. The Elk entree was quite good, and we compared it to the Filet Mignon entree which was also good but not remarkable. They were both in the same sweet barbecueish sauce.For the price, I would have expected something maybe a little bit more involved but I still recommend this place.
4	Best brunch in Montreal. Period.My experience:- I came here with a group of 8 ladies who'd never been to Montreal on a rainy Saturday. - We got a nice big table right by the window looking out onto St. Paul street. - Our waiter (who may or may not have been slightly intimidated by the 8 women), promptly came over and took coffee and drink orders (pushing the mimosas pretty heavily!) and explained the awesome brunch special - which is not to be missed: PAY $5 AND GET THE BRUNCH BUFFET ADDED TO YOUR MEAL (what this means: you can add coffee, a juice - orange/grapefruit, a fresh fruit selection and pastry selection - including chocolate croissants to your order). Food:- I had the ham and cheese omelet which was great - and for some reason, also came with mushrooms which was nice for me because i like them but might not have been for someone else?- The other women had combinations of omelets, eggs Benedict (the salmon option looked delicious), crepes and egg specials. Everything was apparently delicious and very well priced.Atmosphere:- It was quiet and the tables are well spaced. - The hotel lobby is really pretty and there are a few bars where you can sit if the place is busy (I'd imagine this place is fun at night).I'll be back...
4	One of the best restaurants in the Old Town of Montreal, we ate here primarily because we were staying at the attached hotel, the Nelligan.  The atmosphere is very cool, especially since we sat by the window and could gawk at people as they walked by late on a busy Saturday night.The wine list is extensive, but very expensive.  I had an excellent glass of barolo - the best glass of wine I would have in Montreal, but it cost me $21.  The most memorable dish we had were the elk medallions, although it wouldn't be the best elk we tried in Quebec (that honor goes to the blue cheese/elk turnovers in Charlevoix).  The lobster was also very good, but not as fresh as I would have expected.  The dessert was a delicious maple-syrup infused baba.  It was surprisingly light and subtle, although if I were ordering again, I would probably go with a different dessert option.Definitely worth trying if you're looking for a special meal in the Old Port area.  There are a lot of touristy places a few blocks away that don't offer nearly the quality.
3	Somewhere between a 3 and a 4 star.Very torn on this review.  Some dishes were excellent, others just average.  Service was excellent and ambience was sensational.  Beautiful setting, well situated in Old Montreal, and very quaint and cozy.Very impressed with their "20 wines under $40" - had an outstanding Syrah from California that was sensational.  Also a great selection of scotches and they made an excellent Cosmopolitan.As for the food, we rated as follows:Scallops - sensational; worth tryingOctopus - very average - would avoidPasta - very goodHalibut - OUTSTANDING - great dish - try it!Lobster - below average; not well preparedSorbet/Ice Cream - excellentOverall great service, some great and some average food.  Worth a try, but dont set your expectations too high.
3	Rating is really a 2.5. I'll round it up. I'm sorry to say that this was the most disappointing meal in Montreal. The Good: great location, awesome people watching, large wine selection, yummy bread. The Bad: most overcooked fish of my life was served to me here. My mom's ravioli was completely overcooked and watery... had to be sent back. Instead of comping her meal (IMO, they should have), they brought us out another round of drinks (I had wine, my mom had a ginger ale). The service here was just... weird. They were attentive, but perhaps overly so, to the point I felt incredibly rushed. I get that we're American, but we're not always in a rush!Long story short, you're in a huge city... there are many better places to eat than Verses. I would NOT suggest it.
2	We were very happy to find a place that served food at 11 p.m. after arriving in Montreal at 9:30 and realizing that most joints were closed. Even after knowing that Restaurant Verses would be pricey, I just said "screw it" and we ventured in for a late-night snack and some drinks.Overall, the atmosphere is great and the staff is very friendly. Saturday night was pretty busy, so the slow service was expected. We had a few mojitos that were absolutely delicious and made me forget which country we were in.And despite all the great stuff, there was only really ONE thing that scuttled this experience: when somebody asks for nachos without meat (because they're most likely, of course, a vegetarian) - you make damn sure there's no meat in that thing. And sadly, my nachos were smeared with meat. I was pretty tipsy and didn't even realize it until 3 bites in.Sorry Restaurant Verses - a correct order would have gotten you at least a 4-star here.
1	I initially sent this review to the restaurant only.  However, since they did not have the courtesy to even respond, I will now post it on Yelp.We dined at Verses a Friday in November expecting excellent service and meal execution.  Neither occurred.  We were clearly an afterthought to our server, but that is the lesser of the issues.  It was the food that failed and was so extremely disappointing, especially for the price.  But, this review has nothing to do with price.  We dined at Au Pied de Cochon the previous evening and spent an equivalent amount, however the level of attentiveness and quality and execution of the dishes was so far above that of Verses.  We had four dishes, and I would have been forgiving of one dish below expectation.  However, when 3 of the 4 are almost inedible, I feel the need to address the situation.We started with the foie gras torchon (as expected) and the sweetbread.  The sweetbread was very minimal and completely overcooked, dry and falling apart as we attempted to eat it.  It lacked flavor and the richness typically associated with the dish.From there we had the wild boar and the cod with poached egg.  The boar was overcooked - certainly not the medium rare we ordered - as well as tough, chewy and flavorless.  It reminded me of a cheap pork chop.  The cod was extremely overdone - dry and cold.  The 'poached' egg was hard-cooked. Had our server come to check on us, we would have mentioned these issues.  He did not.Last, we ordered dessert and coffee for my husband.  Our dessert came.  The coffee arrived about 10 minutes later.  By then we had no dessert.  There are many better options in Old Montreal than this pretentious, ill-performing restaurant.
1	Acceptable (but not great) food, terrible service.
3	attended for the special nuit blanche 2012 menu. the food was good. nothing too memorable and no real stand outs. service was good enough.you won't go wrong here. be prepared to pay a price though, the decor comes at a cost.
3	I enjoyed my dinner immensely and think the chefs are talented.  They can do a lot more with the menu but play it safe, and I think that's a shame.  Our service was fine (especially since we were such a large group), our steaks were good and the space is comfortable.  I would recommend stopping in for dinner for a quiet evening, but I am confident they can do more with the potential there.
4	great brunch!
2	We went to Verses for brunch on a Sunday in September, and were disappointed to find out there were only 2-3 other tables occupied.The food is very standard and uninspired, but the service was OK.At least the setting is nice and they have free valet (might be the only reason we would go back!).Go for lunch or dinner.
1	It is indeed a shame that such a nice boutique hotel like the Nelligan should have such a disappointing restaurant! We should have believed the YELP reviews.While the restaurant was quite nice the food was poor to fair at best, the menu very limited and the prices sky high. It was twenty minutes waiting for the check before we left telling the hostess if she wanted to be paid to send the bill to our room.The manager did call to apologize and offered to send up two glasses of Port with the bill.We left Montreal with wonderful memories of great meals along Rue St.Paul. Unfortunately Verses was not one of them.
5	Not sure why there is a 3 star average. We ate here  on Jan 1 and our experience rivaled any Michelin starred experience. The bison tartare was fantastic. The blood sausage was balanced perfectly, not too much blood as to be metallic but a nice flavor and texture. The foie gras torchon was creamy and sweet. Our main course of suckling pig was well prepared with enough fat to melt  in your mouth but without being overwhelming. Our server was mindful but not overbearing and the executive chef spent 20 mins talking with us.  A great experience.
2	Creeps were good.  Coffee and Orange Juice excellent.  Service pretty poor, slow even when only two tables taken.  Also somewhat $$ considering.
2	Good service. Nice deco, comfy & cozy. Loved my entree. Main meal was duck & lentils - pretty plain & undercooked. Will not go back
2	Came to Verses during restaurant week (happening gourmand), was a little disappointed by the experience and truly expected better from a French restaurant at the Old Port.We had a reservation for four people on a Saturday and basically got to try just about everything on the restaurant week menu. The atmosphere was nice, a lounge/bar area is at the entrance and over to the left side is the dining area. The maitre d and the wait staff wasn't all that warm and welcoming. There were only a few tables occupied so the slow service was dazzling, especially when we were finished and prepared to leave, we must have waited for someone to come and bring us the check for 20 minutes.There are 2 sides of the restaurant menu, one is a 3 course for $27 menu and another is a 3 course for $37 menu. Some dishes requires an additional (+$) which is indicated next to the menu item.For appetizer, we got the foie gras, tuna tataki, octopus with squid, and bison carpaccio. I had the tuna tataki and had a taste of all the other three, the tuna tataki sauce is slightly oily and blend for me, the cut is rather thick and the taste of tuna isn't so pronounced. I also had a strange white sauce on the plate, which tasted like paste. The octopus dish with potato is pretty savory and well made. Foie gras melts in your mouth but for some extra $$, although definitely not anywhere close to the best I've had. For the main dish, we got surf and turf (soft shell crab with short ribs), duck leg with couscous and lamb chops. I had the surf and turf, the dish wasn't so pretty on the plate but the soft shell crab tasted amazing, juicy tender and well seasoned, not over fried or oily. The short rib tasted okay, nothing extraordinary, tender but perhaps a little overdone on the sauce. The duck leg was quite a bit salty and the lamb chop, though prettily entertained on the plate, it was blend and the flavor did not match up to it. For the dessert portion, I had an AMAZING grapefruit sorbet. A swan was made out of sugar to sit on top of a triangular piece of sorbet (easily mistaken for a watermelon), some fresh grapefruit and a small piece of pastry on the side. The sorbet was refreshing, an intricate balance between the slight bitterness and sourness of the grapefruit along with its ultra smooth consistency. It was perfect for a fruit lover like me. The chocolate mousse with fancy gold flakes was pretty standard and the dessert sampler (also for extra $$) came with a variety of small size pastries. Also tasted quite standard.All in all, it was an okay experience but definitely expected much more.
3	We went at Verses on a Sunday morning and tried the brunch menu. The atmosphere is good and the place is well located in the old port. Service was very good, and very friendly staff which I enjoyed. The wine list is great but can be expensive. However the food was just ok, even disappointing, it looked as it had been reheated. The food quality and presentation was just average, looked what you could expect in a snack-bar.
4	My friend and I had an amazing dinner while visiting Montreal! Service, ambiance, food and wine were exquisite. We paid $230 for two of us (not including gratuities) but we'd never forget a wonderful time we had. I would definitely eat there again.
5	This was the second time we went to this restaurant.  The first time impressed us so much we figured we would go again.  The second time was even more impressive than the first time.  The service is top rate.  It perfectly balances friendly & professional.  Our waiter selected a  wine that went perfectly with our meal.  The meal we had blew us away.  Steak with a madeira sauce, probably one of the best steaks I've ever had.  Foie gras potine that was the perfect size for one person.  Though we split it and were still satisfied.  We will definitely be coming here again!
5	We are picky NYers (pretty tough to impress) and we had a DELICIOUS meal here.APPS: We had the Foie gras poutine, which we highly recommend. It had so much flavor and was the best Foie gras dish that we ever had.ENTREE: My husband had the rabbit and was completely impressed.  He said it was perfectly braised and was by far the best rabbit he ever had. I had the Cornish game hen and it has so much flavor. The waiter actually brought out the hen and carved it in front of us, which I really liked. The sides were also delicious and completely fresh.SERVICE: The waiter was excellent. He completely knew the ins and outs of the menu and was able to make great recommendations. He was also helpful regarding wine and dessert wine.DESSERT: We had the Summer Camp and it was great - well executed and very tasty. Also got a dessert wine (because you have to in Montreal!)OVERALL: I totally recommend this place for (1) romantic couples (2) business meal (3) family meal. It was one of the best places we ate in Montreal. It's kind of pricey, but not compared to NYC prices!
5	Service 10 stars !!! Food very creative !!! We ordered about 10 things off the menu and everything was really delicious !!! Foie gras cold and hot was amazing , each good portion for one person ! But I cant get over the waiter how much passion he has for food and he took all the time in the world to explain everything !!! Thank you Martin !!! Best experience I've ever had in the restaurant !!!
4	Great spot to grab a glass of wine and sit by the fire. Perhaps read a little Nelligan poetry, since it is situated in the hotel that is his namesake., I really loved the wine cellar and it had a romantic vibe. I suggest the Tempranillo--smooth as can be!
5	Went to Montreal for a long weekend with my sister and were fortunate to stay at the Hotel Nelligan. We enjoyed an amazing dinner at Verses the second night we were in town. The service was amazing, couldn't have asked for anything better.  Our server Luc was very attentive and amidst courses gave us great recommendations for our next day of adventures. David, the sommelier had great wine recommendations and made us feel right at home. The food could also not be beat. We both loved the red tuna entree and the chocolate mousse is not to be missed. We enjoyed Verses so much that we went back on our third night in town to enjoy dessert, great wine and fabulous service. Don't miss this place on your trip to Montreal!
