4	The Jan 5 performance of The Pajama Game was a crowd pleaser to a full house on an evening where the weather cooperated and didn't rain as had been predicted.  The play was accompanied by a seven instrument orchestra and the acting & singing were in sync to the seldom heard songs "Hernando's Hideaway" and "Hey There..." and even less heard to "Steam Heat".  The lead roles were skillfully acted throughout but with greater laughter after intermission.  Kevin Morrow was a very energetic Sid Sorokin with an excellent voice while Kelly McCormick was equally entertaining as Babe Williams as head of the grievance committee. The 7 & 1/2 cent call for a strike by the garment union was enjoyable but makes one wonder what it really should be today with the recent run-up in oil prices. There were few patrons in pajamas but there was a feel good ending with the colorful pajamas on stage to a standing ovation.  Other than almost forgetting an umbrella the only glitch we encountered was locating the car on Blue B which was actually stairwell 5 vs. trying to find it on stairwell 4 where Blue C was located.  Go Figure.I also attended the  opening night performance (Feb 7) of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and felt it was slow at first but picked up after intermission with a particularly effective shadow sequence with a cane.  The acting grew more intense and for some reason the actor playing Dr. Hyde reminded me of Richard Dryefus of Jaws fame.  Hyde had a response for every situation that seemed logical but deranged. For my taste musicals like the Pajama Game with more stage props and color are more entertaining but the acting in Jekyll and Hyde was top notch as noted in B F.'s review.  From a personal  taste point of view I would give it 2 stars and 4 stars for a clean performance yielding an overall 3.  Some of the audience stood but I wouldn't call it a standing ovation which in part could be due to the subject matter vs musicals.I remember seeing a B &W movie version growing up and in checking Amazon found at least 4 versions (1920, 1932, 1941 and 1982).  Since 1982 was color it had to be one of the others.  It was so long ago I don't recall the details but the play didn't give me an adrenalin rush like the movie with elaborate makeup, dark scenes and "scary" music.
5	5 stars + a standing ovation!Just like Doug T., I also attended the January 5th performance of The Pajama Game.  However, I actually showed up in my pajamas!  At first, my friend DeDe and I thought we may be the only ones in our PJs, but there were a handful of others too...The show was a lot of fun... extremely talented cast, so much energy, great retro colorful costumes, and songs that I loved without even knowing the words to!  The orchestra and cast worked really well together and there were certain acts in the show that reminded me more of a 'Stomp' type of show with the movements and sounds really in sync.As Doug mentioned, the lead roles of Sid Sorokin and Babe Williams really shined - they had great chemistry on stage!  This was a wonderful show.  It may have been my first experience seeing an Arizona Theatre Company production. but it definitely will not be my last.  Go see The Pajama Game while it's still in town - it's here until January 20th!  After that, they've got some other shows that I'm excited for as well...One more thing - the Herberger Theater Center is a wonderful venue; just make sure to give yourself a little extra time for parking before the show.______________________________________________________To Kill a Mockingbird - March 27, 2008Another 5 star performance on this adaptation of Harper Lee's classic novel.  I attended this performance without expectation; I didn't really remember the story from the 'Cliff's Notes' version I'd read in high school.  Aside from the challenge of hearing some of the dialog with the deep southern drawl, I thoroughly enjoyed this show.  I agree with Erica L in saying that 'Scout' was adorable and totally in character through the entire show - I loved her enthusiasm and no doubt she's got a future full of acting.  Atticus and Calpernia were standouts as well.Adult Scout's narration of the show made the play flow... I totally felt compassion and mixed emotions during the show.  The racial divide has improved since the '30s when this story took place, but I think there's still more that can be done.  If only more people could be like Atticus Finch.  Go see this show while it's here - you will not be disappointed!
4	Hubby and I attended the January 5, 2008 Opening Night of the Pajama Game- in our pajamas. The majority of the patrons did not, however, and we got some weird looks, but they either did not read the New Times article encouraging such attire, or were too stuffy to dare. I should start by saying that cheery musicals have never been my thing (if it needs to be a musical, give me Sweeney Todd). However, that does not mean I can't appreciate excellent performances and choreography. The basic premise of the show is union workers at a pajama factory gearing up for a strike for a 7-1/2 cent raise, but centers on a romance between Babe, the grievance committee, and Sid, the new supervisor. The Arizona Theatre Company struck gold when they got Kevyn Morrow to play Sid as he gave the stand-out performance of the night. Joel Newsome was very funny-and creepy- as Prez, and Emily Mulligan-Ferry's Mae had the biggest personality among the girls (extra props to a fellow teacher!). I liked the chemistry between the time-keeper Hines (played by an absolutely hilarious Bob Sorenson) and the big boss' secretary, Gladys (Michelle Aravena) even more than that between Sid and Babe and their "Jealousy Ballet" near the end was one of my favorite numbers. The choreography was especially great in "Once a Year Day," "Steam Heat," and "Hernando's Hideaway." The sherbet colored set and the vibrant costuming (especially for the ladies) added to the atmosphere, and the timing of orchestra and the actors was wonderfully in sync.Overall, The Pajama Game was a fun show and the Herberger is a great venue. Parking at the garage on 2nd St. and Monroe seems best, and unless there is another major event going on, there should be ample spaces. It was pricier at $10 than it has been at other times. I'm looking forward to ATC's upcoming shows "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" and "To Kill a Mockingbird."
5	On Feb 7th, 2008 I attended the "world premiere" performance of Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde.  I loved it!  The cast was extremely talented and diverse (I like it when ladies play male roles).  I found the material to be engrossing, dark and sophisticated.  It seemed to be hit or miss with the audience... I saw some people leaving during intermission, but I thoroughly enjoyed myself and I'll be recommending it to others.Along with a handful of other Yelpers, I also attended the January 5th performance of The Pajama Game.  Now, let me preface this by saying that I'm not a big fan of musicals, but I did have an ok time.  The cast was a gifted group and bursting with energy!  The set and costumes were colorful and creative and the 7-person orchestra was wonderful!  The story itself is the only thing that didn't thrill me... as to be expected for a musical, the plot is just fluff.Overall I give 5 stars to the skilled group of actors that make up the company.  I can't wait to see more (I'll just steer clear of the musicals)!
4	Best ATC performance I have seen in a long time!  Upbeat, fun show and you can go in your PJ's....How can you beat that?
4	I went to my first ever ATC play "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" last night  and it was a fun experience.  I dragged some friends with me and we made it a classy night. Classy with a C, that is. They are a great local theater company worthy of praise.  I found the adaptation featuring four different Hydes (incl. a woman) to be very entertaining and compelling.  The credentials of each of the actors were impressive and while there were moments of cheese in the acting, overall the acting was pretty decent.  The man in front of us bailed after the first act, so I guess not everyone shared that opinion.The crowd, like most performing arts audiences, was much older on average, so if that's not an issue for you, you should enjoy it.  Our comped seats were much better than I expected.  I thought I was gonna be in nosebleed heaven, but we were in the 12th row of the Orchestra section.  Not bad, not bad. I wish every comped ticket in LYFE was that good.
2	Can you give the production 4 1/2 stars and give the play 0? I thought the production was terrific, but I hated the play. And unfortunately, the experience requires both to be good.When you walked in the stage set was spare, but well utilized and intriguing. Lighting and sound were spot on. Being in the back row, I could hear every cue given by what I assume was the stage manager in the booth behind the audience, but if the play had kept my attention, I might not have noticed.   The performances were strong. I especially enjoyed the woman who was playing several male characters.But the material was torturous. This was a mean and confusing interpretation of the story, which the author bragged about in the program. Transitions from character to character and actor to actor were muddy. And I must admit I was so not enjoying the play that I left at intermission, so perhaps it got better at the end. The couple sitting next to us said they didn't blame us when we said goodnight, the woman looked a little wistful. The production was terrific, but it could not rise above the play. I actually hope that this production is NOT seen by people who have not been to an Arizona Theatre Company performance before, I would hate to see them lose audience for their productions on the basis of poor material.
4	First of all, I want to thank the powers that be for the comped tix.  See you in April as a paying spectator.I really enjoyed the performance... but at first I didn't get it... until I realized that they used the same actors to represent multiple characters.I couldn't take my eyes off of Anna Bullard, who played Elizabeth.  What is it about women with long ringlets of red hair, who go weak in the knees at the sight of your dagger which you hold menacingly to their throats?Thank you ATC for letting me feel cultured and refined, if even for only one enchanted evening.But the guy in me still wishes there was more karate... and a pirate.[Updated March 31 2008]I was invited back to watch the opening night of To Kill A Mockingbird, and had great seats (4th row).  This time, the kids stole the show, especially Daria as Scout.I admired John's character, Atticus; despised Scott's character, Bob; and jumped about three inches out of my seat when someone thought it would be a good idea to bust a cap.I told my co-worker about it, and he purchased 4 balcony seats, first row.If I can find a date, I'll go back... providing they are not sold out!  Any takers?
5	Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde  March 2008This was a brilliantly acted production of a story it seemed we didn't need to hear again... but we did.  An incredibly strong ensemble cast, and a script that has moments of great insight, even if there are some weak spots (Anna Bullard overcame huge obstacles in her excellent portrayal of Elizabeth - Elizabeth should be a complicated, fascinating character, and Jeffrey Hatcher doesn't give Bullard nearly enough to build such a character).  On a related note, I don't know what homeslice Calamari (see below) was thinking, Carrie Paff was fantastic in this production!  Her sexual Hyde brought a new level of complexity to the part, adding a disturbingly seductive facet to Hyde's persona; her casting as both the servant Poole and Hyde was also an inspired choice, as it upsets the seemingly placid waters of the aristocratic, all-male world in which Jekyll believes himself to be navigating.  Robert Wright's Jekyll is a nuanced, insightful reading of a great nineteenth century Faustian figure; this is where Hatcher's writing was strongest, and Wright's performance offers a fascinating perspective on both the moral ambition and moral weakness of this character.  Mark Phillips's Hyde was also quite brilliant; his physical work is especially evocative of Hyde's misshapen soul. I saw the show in both Tucson and Phoenix, and it was worth seeing multiple times!  The folks in San Jose, CA,  will be getting a real treat in May, where the cast will be putting the show on next.
4	This was my first play compliments of Yelp and the Arizona Theater Company. Thanks Again!!I don't even know how to review a play but, I enjoyed it. The theater was awesome we had perfect seats, center balcony (see pics). Very cool mechanical stage and props.Overall a great performance, although a little long I thought, 2 hours.We had a Fabulous reception afterwards catered by Wicked Bakery and the Gelato Spot! Boy Oh Boy was that Delicious!!
5	This was also my first play, sad I know! Although I missed the first half of "The Clean House" I was lucky enough to find someone that caught me up to speed! We got seated on the lower level left balcony very close as soon as I sat down I pretty much laughed thru the rest of the play, it was a great story! I had no idea there was cussing in the theatre! The cast was excellent, I am also a fan of Felicity La Fortune (Lani) she appeared in a soap I used to watch I thought she was fantastic!! I missed the Wicked Bakery & Gelato spot stuff afterward's no worry's Wicked is near by and I am planning a visit soon, like tomorrow lol! Seeing the play was a treat all by itself a good time was had! Thank you Yelp and Gabi!!
5	Oh!  I'm a little jealous that this was a yelp event!Gary and I also saw The Clean House.  It was superb!  The acting was terrific.  The characters were well written.  I especially loved the sister character.  The Portuguese jokes were funny even if I couldn't understand them.  AND The stage was  brilliant, very well done. Make sure to check out the art gallery upstairs.  They change their exhibits every few months.  I'm actually exhibiting right now!
4	I went to last night's kick-off preview of The Lady with All the Answers.  Although I knew that I was going to see a show that was based on the story of Ann Landers, I didn't know much more about it than that.  Nancy Dussault did an incredible job in this 'one woman show.'  I truly felt like I had an intimate evening with Ann Landers!As much as I entertained myself growing up reading Ann Landers' column, I never really thought about her own life... although she was 'the lady with all the answers,' she had a life also - and you'll learn all about it when you see this show!I don't want to spoil too much for those of you that will go see it.  (It's showing through November 30th, so definitely go if you can!)  I will however say that the acting is fabulous, the set is extremely well done, costumes believable, etc... I'm sure it's tough for one woman to hold the attention of a theater full of people, but Dussault did an outstanding job with it.  I will admit, it was slow at times, but overall, impressive, believable, and fun!  As I walked out of the show with my friend, we discussed the show a bit.  We both felt like in the (just less than) 2 hours we spent at the Herberger, we really got an inside look at who Ann Landers was.  We laughed, I almost cried, we participated a bit, saw some some fellow yelpers, met some new ones, and just had a really good time.  Whether you grew up reading Ann Landers' column or not, you'll enjoy this show.  Arizona Theatre Company did it again, and I can't wait for the remainder of the season!
4	I attended last night's opening of The Lady With All the Answers with Dottsy Z courtesy of Yelp.  I had never been to the Herbeger and was very impressed with the theater.  I loved that it's small (rear to stage) and utilizes several balconies for adequate seating.  I doubt there's a bad seat in the house.The play itself tells the story of Ann Landers as she struggles with a column.  Not a column giving advice, but a column in which she must reveal a personal dilemma.  She shares reader mail and incorporates her own recollections of significant events in her life through this process by which we learn about her.  The acting was very impressive, but it is a one-woman show.  I found the first half to be a little slow, but the second half was excellent.I look forward to attending more performances here.
4	It has been a long time since I attended a play. I am glad I chose Arizona Theatre Company's production of  "The Lady with All the Answers" that previewed on Thursday evening at the Herberger. Growing up on the South Side of Chicago reading the Sun Times and catching Ann Landers' column is embedded in my memory banks. This was my first visit to the Herberger Theater and it is a great place to see a show! The sets, sound and lighting enhanced the experience. Nancy Doussault gave a dynamic portrayal of Ann Landers struggle to write a column. I'm looking forward to seeing the upcoming performance of Hair.
4	I received a much appreciated invite from Phoenix's lovely and talented Community Manager, Gabi K. "Come watch this play with us!" I looked it up and replied, "Well, it looks like something my girlfriend would love, but it's better than sitting in my hotel room alone."  Yeah, yeah, not the most rousing of endorsements; along the same lines as "It beats a poke in the eye." Lest you think me an ungrateful prick, however, let me just say that I had a good time. Sure, it wasn't my kind of show or my kind of crowd, but I'll get into that. But the short of it is, I'm glad Gabi invited me.So what kind of crowd was it? Based on the mixed aromas of Chanel No.5 and Ben Gay wafting through the air, I'd say the average age of the room was just north of Deceased.  Being originally from Florida, I'm very familiar with the concept of God's Waiting Room and this, Dear Yelper, fit the bill right down to the "Number Being Served" sign. These folks were old!(How. Old. Were they?!)Well, they were so old, they told Columbus to get off their lawn.  They were so old, the hill they were over eroded years ago. They were so old, they thought JOHN MCCAIN didn't have enough experience.And did I tell you the crowd was a bit on the older side?That's ok. Knowing that the play was based on Ann Landers, I expected this. It's not anything I'd hold against the theater, the play, or the crowd themselves. And at least they didn't spend the entire show messaging their friends on their phones, if only because it's kind of hard to text using a rotary dial. So good for all of them for getting out and getting some culture in their lives.The theater was quite pretty. Based on the yelp reviews I read of the Herberger, I was expecting some ramshackle community theater. Instead, it was a full-fledged playhouse with comfy chairs, balcony seating and sponsors whom I've actually heard of.  I bought some beer, but seeing as how I was still bloated from dinner, I opted for the Bud Light. Since a new seasonal brew had just been delivered, the bartender mocked my choice of beer. I stood there and took it, because the selection deserved mocking. The play was well-acted and well directed. The actress, Nancy Dussault, sold her role as Ann Landers to the point that it took me until half-time (sorry, the "intermission") to figure out that she was Mrs. Rush from Two Close for Comfort. There I sat, feet away from someone who spent years with Jm J. Bullock and she didn't appear to show any lasting effects. Therapy and pharmaceuticals can indeed work wonders.In all, the play worked and even my cold, black heart moved a little. Infinitesimally to be sure, but even I could appreciate the work put into creating a show like that. And the audience agreed as those who could stand quickly, gave a standing ovation.   So four stars to the Arizona Theater Company and to my fellow Yelpers who made my business trip to the desert just a little more enjoyable. Thanks all.
4	"Let the sun shine in" - I feel complete now... I finally saw the Arizona Theatre Company's production of HAIR.  Sure, it was 40 years later, but I'd never seen the show before!  (It was a little bit before my time.)The cast had the most amazing energy and chemistry that I've seen on stage in a long time... I'm not a dancer but some of the scenes really made me wish that I was.  Their voices and talent were pretty magnificent, and their costumes were completely authentic and so much fun!Kudos to the entire crew especially to:-David Ira Goldstein, Artistic Director-Jessica Andrews, Executive Director-Kevin Moore, Managing Directorfor putting on another fantastic show.Thanks also to Christina P for being my date for the evening!It's here in Phoenix until January 18th, so you still have time to purchase tix and catch the show!
4	Thanks to Yelp, I've seen four productions for free including A Clean House, Enchanted April, A Christmas Carol, and A Raisin In The Sun.  All of the productions have been entertaining and wonderfully acted.  It is always an enjoyable experience and I look forward to attending many more in the future.  If you enjoy plays, definitely check out one from Arizona Theater Company - they're Yelp friendly!
5	Somebody/Nobody is my favorite ATC production of the season so far.  I went on Saturday night, 4/4 along with my mother-in-law-to-be and my grandma-in-law-to-be.  We had our own 'girls night out,' i guess you could say.  It was interesting because we are obviously three very different generations, but we all really enjoyed the show.Somebody/Nobody is described as "a laugh-out-loud look at modern life and our unending quest for fifteen minutes of fame."  The description doesn't lie... we all laughed out loud during this comedy...The acting was impressive too... I'd seen Alexandra Tavares (aka Sheena) in "A Clean House" and she was phenomenal in her role... She had so much energy on stage as did the rest of the cast (6 actors total).In other productions, I've found myself watching the clock and wondering what time the show will end... but this show doesn't drag on at all - it's just the right length including a short intermission.Somebody/Nobody is here in Phoenix until 4/19... if you're up for a night at the Herberger (who isn't?!) and have some laughs inside wanting out... go see it!  Enjoy the show!
4	ATC does it again...Jared and I went to see Ain't Misbehavin' (the Fats Waller musical show) last night at the Herberger.  We were blown away by the talent and energy exuded by the five cast members.  The show takes place in Harlem in the 1930's... the costumes and set are well done but the actors and variety of music are truly what make this show fabulous.  The show is both humorous and serious with the different musical acts.  If you see the show or are familiar with the soundtrack, you'll know what I mean by this.  Just compare "Your Feet's Too Big" to "Black and Blue."  My favorite song in the first act was "How Ya Baby" with Christopher, Rebecca, and Company.  And while Act Two's seduction scene was extremely entertaining, I found the corners of my mouth lifted upwards and my head nodding to the beat of "Find Out What They Like" with Angela and Aurelia.  If you like music, you'll enjoy this show... it's here in Phoenix through January 17th.
4	Time for another update for ATC... this time it's for [Title of Show].  Yes, that really is the name of the show! [Title of Show] premiered here in Phoenix last night, February 18th... I didn't have any expectations and I was really impressed... it's described as "Broadway's quirky hit musical," and that is truly what it is.  I was unfamiliar with the music going in, but i found myself nodding my head to the beat throughout the show.  The actors were extremely likeable and talented and the show was unlike anything I've seen before.I really cannot explain it other than saying it's a show about a show; you'll just have to go see for yourself.  But I will warn you - the show contains mature language and content!And I'm not sure if I'm supposed to write this in my Yelp review or not, but if you call ATC's box office and say "9," you'll get a $9 ticket for select performances of [Title of Show].  Enjoy!
4	We saw [Title of Show] last night at the Herberger theater. I wasn't sure what to expect with such an obscure title but it was funny. Silly and a bit quirky it's story line was something out of Seinfeld. It was a play about a bunch of people writing a play. The actors were witty and talented although there were a few more F bombs than I would have cared for. So bring some ear muffs if you plan on bringing your mom or grandma. As gab mentioned it you call the box office and say "9," you'll get a $9 ticket for select performances of [Title of Show].
4	Saw {Title of Show] last night..freakin hilarious. Its like Will and Grace meets the Seinfeld concept.. set to music? Hard to explain but it was great and I have raved about to my friends now Im raving to you. Its worth the trip downtown to check this out. Oh yeah I dont advise bringing kids.. this musical drops the "F" bomb quite a bit among other suggestive commentary. So I wouldn't say it's fun for the whole family if your family consists of anything younger than highschoolers. Otherwise. good times.
5	My first experience with the Arizona Theater Company came last night at the OYE for [Title of Show]. The reviews proclaimed the show to be quirky, and it was indeed that. I was unfamiliar with the show, and even after a recent television commercial, I wasn't sure what to expect. The event also was my first experiencing with the Herberger Theater. The theater and the show were excellent. I am a fan of the musicals, so I was interested in this event. The company put on an excellent performance and I enjoyed the show. I was kind of hoping for an intermission because the seats, although velvety-plush, were a little narrow. My knees were up against the seat in front of me and I could have used a stretch to bring the feeling back - but overall it was 90 solid minutes. Thanks to ATC & Gabi for organizing the event and the $9 discount tickets. I called the box office and although the flyer says "selected performances" I was surprised to discover that instead of 1 or 2 showings discounted in the middle of the week, the discount was good for about 80% of the performances. I am going again tomorrow with a friend and took fliers to coworkers. I look forward to supporting ATC in future performances.
5	ATC brings professional theater to Tucson and Phoenix!  We are so fortunate to have such a wonderful organization at our finger tips.  I have seen several shows and have never been disappointed.  Most recently I saw [title of show].  I think that it was my favorite thus far.  I was even fortunate to go on a night that included an opportunity to speak with the writers.  I love that they offer extras like that.  They seem to have lots of educational opportunities.
4	When I first saw the title "Sex and the Second City Version 2.0," I thought this show might be about my friends Carrie, Miranda, Charlotte, and Samantha... Alas, I was wrong, but this ATC world premiere didn't disappoint.  It's a four person ensemble, which you may think would get old, but they play different characters and do a really good job.  It's a comedy about finding love in the digital age.  There's also a special virtual appearance by Fred Willard (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fred_Willard) and some improv that incorporates people from the audience - the improv was probably my favorite part.In a world of online dating, twitter, facebook, yelp, etc... this show will put a smile and make you LOL.  I went with a couple of girlfriends, all of us married, but it was a fun trip back in time to just a few years ago when we were all "playing the field."Catch this show while you can... it's playing now through March 20th in Phoenix and then it's in Tucson March 23rd - 27th.  Enjoy!
4	I'm all about ATC lately it seems...I went to the opening night of Lost in Yonkers on Saturday with my  mom as my date.  I'd never seen this famous Neil SImon play before but I'd heard of it... (I know, it's considered an American classic and it's a past winner of the Pulitzer Prize and the Tony Award for Best Play!)The seven person cast does an excellent job of portraying the hard times they are going through during World War II.  Despite the generation difference, I could really relate to Arty and Jay (played by Maxx Carlisle-King and Ryan DeLuca) and their feelings about living with their grandmother and aunt while their father goes off to work off his debt.  Entertaining, educational, comical, and poignant, this show is one I'd recommend to all generations.  It's here in Phoenix (playing at the Herberger) until April 10th.
4	I've now seen a couple of shows produced by the ATC and I must say, this is some A+ theater! Their shows are housed in the Herberger and they have a wide variety of shows; everything from To Kill A Mockingbird to brand new never-seen shows, Ten Chimneys. The ATC chooses a small but mighty cast and most of their plays have casts of ten and under. However, you would never know it! They do a great job of portraying a variety of different characters and they keep the audience entertained throughout the performance. The Arizona Theatre Company does a wonderful job of bringing in different productions that include everything from musicals to dramatic performances. The ATC's performances are are definitely worth checking out if you are looking for something to do one night!
4	My nephews and I had a wonderful time watching the Sherlock Holmes and the Adventure of The Suicide Club! It was sometime in October, can't remember when exactly, but it was really engaging and well-acted, it was one of the best ways to bond with my boys and have an fantastic afternoon all at the same time. They were so entertained and focused on what's happening, oh so cute- and they can't wait to watch another one again!Full support for ATC!
5	01/04/2012I thank Yelp and ATC for giving me the great opportunity to experience a terrific performance of "Daddy Long Legs," ATC's first musical production, at The Herberger Theater tonight!  The two-actor (Megan McGinnis and Robert Adelman Hancock) musical, plus the invisible, but great assets, the orchestra and sound crew, entertained and amazed me w/ their execution of a well-written body of work.  It had comedy, romance, deception, and sorrow, to name a few... what's not to like?  Truly enjoyed McGinnis' impeccable timing, as well.  It is sad that many people pass up the opportunity to watch live theater due to the higher ticket fees, and I cannot fault them-- what's easier to bear: $37 per person plus $3 parking fee, which you may buy at the box office prior to attending the show, or $10 and free parking at the movies (well, at least when you're NOT catching one in downtown PHX)?  However, when you do decide to place the financial investment, you will almost always be rewarded w/ a highly-memorable night, believe you me!  I had a wonderful time, and I would definitely recommend "Daddy Long Legs" to anyone who enjoys great acting and music!  (Much thanks to McGinnis and Hancock for their lovely harmonies-- I cherished them!)
5	I recently attended a showing of Daddy Long Legs by the Arizona Theater Company. I was unfamiliar with book by Jean Webster or the prior movie adaptations, so I was uncertain what to expect. Robert Adelman Hancock and Megan McGinnis starred in the two-person performance about an early 20th century orphan and an unseen Robert benefactor sponsoring her through college. Although much of the interaction was confined to letter writing between the two characters, the story was engaging. The story turned to romance which caused my companion to say "awwww" and she reported being misty-eyed by the plays conclusion.I enjoyed attending live theater performances and have now had two experiences with the Arizona Theater Company, both of which I highly enjoyed. The Herberger Theater Center is a remarkable location with ample-spaced seating and great acoustics. The seats I had were close and provided an intimate setting with the characters; however, there isn't a bad seat in the house. Supporting local performing arts is very important. The Arizona Theater Company is definitely a local treasure. I have seen Title of Show and now Daddy Long Legs - I will definitely keep an eye on the calendar for future shows. Thanks to Jami from the Arizona Theater Company for making the event a wonderful experience.
5	I watched Daddy Long Legs about two weeks ago.   The story was so heartwarming, beautiful, and romantic, as if you are watching a Jane Austen's novel coming to live.  The two actors were magnificent.  I hope they will return back to ATC. There is not a bad in seat in the house at The Herberger Theater.  A major plus is that you get in/out of ladies room during intermissions before the performance starts again.   Thank you all for a fantastic evening!
4	Time for an ATC update...I took my dad to see Lombardi on Saturday night and we both really enjoyed it.  Of course, my dad is a huge sports fan and told me lots of stories about Coach Lombardi's success in Green Bay from back in the day (1959 - 1967).  And while I knew that Vince Lombardi was a football coach, I didn't know much more than that prior to the show, so it was educational for me as well as entertaining!For example... did you know that football's Super Bowl trophy is named for Lombardi?  I didn't!In addition to hearing some of the quotes that this legendary coach is known for, I really enjoyed how this play explored Lombardi's life on and off of the field... and it was neat to see how much he cared about his players and his wife, and how he showed his feelings as well.  The six person cast did an outstanding job acting, and I liked the costumes and props also.  ****Fair warning: I was a huge tomboy growing up, a sports management major in college, and I still get more excited about watching and playing sports than my husband does!  So, unless you have any interest in sports - football specifically - you may not want to see this play.Lombardi is showing here in Phoenix now through December 2nd, so I encourage anyone interested to plan ahead now and purchase tickets today.  The 2012 - 2013 ATC season has some other shows of interest coming soon too... check out the schedule on their website!
4	Time flies... It's been over a year since my last ATC review, and I've seen a few more of their productions, so it's time for yet another update!I continue to be impressed with the quality of the shows that ATC puts on... Xanadu was definitely fun and entertaining, but most recently, I went to see Other Desert Cities (playing now through March 2nd).  I absolutely loved it!  From the creator of the show Brothers & Sisters (which I also loved), this play will make you laugh and maybe make you cry (if you're sensitive like I am)... if nothing else, it will make you reflect on life and family dynamics.  Hopefully, it will make you see that no matter how disfunctional your own family is, there are others out there dealing with their own crazy stuff.The cast of this show did an amazing job as well... the characters were incredibly believable and real.  My favorite may have been Will Mobley who played the younger brother, Trip Wyeth.  The play is approximately 2 and 1/2 hours with one 15 minute intermission.  I highly recommend getting tickets asap.  Enjoy the show!
5	Fantastic performance. We saw "The Importance of Being Earnest." Attention to detail was stellar, nice coffee & drink bar outside, cool crowd.Prices are pretty reasonable too!
4	We've been twice in the past couple years and enjoyed both performances (Simon Boccanegra and Madame Butterfly) immensely. Unfortunately, by the time we fly in and find a hotel (even at Jerry's) we only feel like we can afford the cheap seats. The chairs are a little narrow up there in opera glass country. Might have to open the wallet a little next time. Check if there is a pre-show lecture - worth the time and you might get closer parking in the garage. Parking is a good deal for AZ.
