2	Yes it's a buffet... That's not sayin much, in Madison there are some really great Chinese places an this ain't one of them. They do have lots of different dishes to try  nothing really stands out. Good for a quick lunch if you like cheap fried food, ready when you walk in the door. Only thing I wounder about is how long the sushi has been sitting?
1	Nasty.  The food was semi-warm and very oily.  The oil separated from the rest of the food on your plate.The building was in disrepair in the dining area, which makes me wonder about the kitchen and cooking/prep areas.  The bathrooms were horrendous.Yes Buffet? Hell no.
1	Went here yesterday, the food was eww terrible. It was not worth $13, the variety of food was real limited. Also they do not make it fresh, they let it sit out in the open all day long. If I had to choose between mcdonalds and no buffet. Mcdonalds would get the award!
3	This is a buffet, a VERY large buffet, with a huge variety of food.  I think the other reviewers have given a pretty accurate description though (the building is run down and a bit tired, there are better places in Madison, etc), I would not be as harsh on the food.I've eaten here 3 or 4 times, for work, usually when in a rush (and have NEVER had any problems with food safety).  My approach, I end up doing 3 or 4 plates.  Each time, I take a little bit of a few things, and see what I really like.  Some of the items are going to be hit or miss.  Yes, definitely, some of the less popular items are going to sit there a long time.  But, there are popular items that I have seen them putting out fresh dishes numerous times while there.  And yes, they do it the right way (I managed a restaurant for over 3 years, and was a baker for 3 years...I know food safety).I'll keep going here.  It's not going to be on the top of my list but, if you set your expectations for what this place is, they actually do a decent job.  It's an inexpensive, huge Chinese buffet, in a poorer and run-down part of Madison (serving a poorer and less fortunate clientele) with all sorts of food selection.However, if you want some of the best quality and freshest, it's not Hong Kong Cafe.
