3	The clothes come back nice...but it's dry cleaning..My bill has almost tripled since I started taking my clothes to organic.  Why does it have to be so expensive?  Saving the Earth is a rich man's game.
5	Not sure about the expensive comment in another review?Men's shirts are $2.40 each according to my most recent bill... and they do free pickup and delivery... AND they are open till 8 pm. They do a great job... My shirts are super clean and beautifully pressed. Even the shirts with french cuffs. They do it in house... not farm it out to somewhere else. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Pretty awesome!
3	Okay, Okay!!  2.5 stars rounded up. I can't give more, I'm sorry.True, my clothes came out very very nice and I'm also having a skirt altered at Organic Cleaners but to be honest, I'm scared that the alteration may cost more than the damn skirt.  I went in to pick up my things this morning and a big fat "what the fuck" bomb flew out of my mouth when I saw the price. It was nauseating. I really don't understand how my unlined, very basic pencil skirt costs more to clean than a men's dress shirt with french cuffs, (a whole 4.00 MORE)  but whatever. Why does my button down blouse cost 4.40 and your shit costs 2.40??? Because it says "Ladies Blouse" in your stupid system?? Suck one!! I dropped mad skrilla on fucking dry cleaning and I'm not happy about it. I'm gonna go grab some pork rinds and a 40oz. of Mickey's and cool off.
1	Ok...I gave it one star, and I'm about as GREEN as they come.  I loved the idea of an "organic" cleaner and the fact that this is the closest cleaner to my house helped lower my carbon footprint.  However, after two bad experiences at this dry cleaner and some serious money spent, I did some research and here's the bottom line: THEY ARE NOT A GREEN COMPANY.  (I've listed several sites here where you can do your own research...don't take my word for it.)Yes, you read that correctly...this dry cleaner is using the word "organic" and using it to mean they are "green".  When a company says they are doing something good for the environment and they really aren't, It's called green-washing.http://www.greenearthcleaning.com/flash_earth.aspx:"Beware of "green washing"!  The second most common type of solvent used in dry cleaning is hydrocarbon, also petroleum-based. Hydrocarbon is sometimes marketed as "organic". Beware! From a chemistry standpoint, anything with a chain of carbons can be labeled "organic". That doesn't mean it's environmentally friendly or chemical-free."According to Organic Cleaners website, they use a hydrocarbon called DF-2000 which is manufactured by ExxonMobil Corporation.  According to the EPA, DF-2000 is a neurotoxin.  Granted, DF-2000 is marginally better than tetrachloroethylene (aka: perchloroethylene, perc, TCE, EVIL!!!)  TCE can be found in Phoenix's water supply...it's a VERY scary chemical...carcinogenic, causes reproductive problems, etc..  But, I'm not sure which I'd rather have...slow death via neurotoxin build-up or no children and a quicker chemo-death via cancer.  Hmmm, choices, choices.GREEN DRY-CLEANING DOES EXIST, BUT NOT AT ORGANIC CLEANERS!  So, instead of wasting your money at this dry cleaning scam, use wet cleaning (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wet_cleaning) or wait for the non-toxic process that uses silicone (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GreenEarth_Cleaning) to come to our city.Other resources:http://www.livescience.com/health/070130_bad_drycleaning.htmlhttp://www.brooklynpaper.com/stories/30/33/30_33drycleaning.htmlHere's a green suggestion:  Take your dry-clean only clothes and hang them on the line outside to air-out and try to get a few more days out of them.Besides the fact that Organic Cleaners is still using toxic chemicals to dry-clean clothing, I have one more bone to pick.  They return my clothes to me in PLASTIC bags, with THROW-AWAY hangers, and with a sticker stuck to the tag of my garment which must require some sort of toxic adhesive (the damn thing stuck so hard to my tag that it ripped the tag when I took it off).  Why do they use plastic bags and why wouldn't they just re-use the hangers I brought my clothes on???What a scam this place is!  Green my ass.Do me a favor people, stop going to this place.  Take the money you're saving and DONATE it to an environmental group that's doing good work that you believe in.
5	I come from a family  where we owned and operated a few dry cleaners in the Valley. Not only that we used to service equipment and sell them to other cleaners. I know the work that goes into the operations and cost of a cleaners. There are high labor costs. We all take our clothes there to do what we are too lazy to do, so why not pay that extra amount to get it done nicely. Also if we are to be so "Green" why not stop buying dry clean only goods as consumers? Our superficial society loves the good things but with out the costs. I say as the laws change and processes change and become more cost effective the organic cleaning process will change as well. This place is going to be the most green dry cleaners you can get right now. There are so many strict guidelines that have to be followed by such a business to keep these chemicals out of the environment I am glad to pay the extra amount to help that they do it right and not cut corners to save costs like some of the low cost mom and pop shops in town. My family now owns a Organic type cleaners in California where it is mandatory for all cleaners to operate with organic machines. If California see's that it's enough to make it a law for now I say let's stop bashing on the guys who are the only organic or cleaner dry cleaners in town and try to convert the others who aren't.I take my cleaning here and have had no problems, I have been greeted by friendly faces and even though I haven't been going there long they always seems to remember my name. Not sure if this Thomas location in Phoenix is the same owner as the one up by Desert Ridge but they are both great!
4	I'm so glad the Organic Cleaners are in my new neck of the woods. I used to use them up at Desert Ridge and was fooled a couple of times by other "Organic Cleaners" when I stopped in with my express bag to their surprise. Anyways, I find them friendly, fast and affordable and have never had anything but perfectly cleaned and pressed clothes. Thank you, Organic Cleaners!
5	This place is amazing.  My clothes come home clean (and without any chemical smell, an artificial (ie non-starch) stiffness, and no strange residue you can feel on the clothes).  Honestly, if I were judging this based just on cleanliness, it would get a 5 as well.But one of the best values of this place is the service and amazing people.  I just moved into the neighborhood, and I came for my first time a few weeks ago.  Instantly the employee greated me, sensed it was my first time, and gave me a full run-down of their business.  She even encouraged me to ask them to do difficult things, adding, "We always try to find a way to say 'yes'."  Needless to say, I was impressed.The next time I went, I asked if they could mend a pair of rather expensive jeans that had a tear in an inconvenient place - the on-site tailor/seamstress was amazing!  It was finished quickly, within a few days, and professionally.  You can barely see the tear at all, and it was in a very difficult spot.  That, plus the cleaning, came in under $20!  I just bought a new feather mattress topper, and I am excited to user their feather pillow/beading "refluff" service when it needs it.  The prices may be just slightly more than the cheaper dry cleaners, a few extra bucks a week, but the quality, service, and speed are all truly amazing, almost unbelievable.  Others have said that the prices are "shocking," but they must not frequent dry cleaners often - their prices are the same or within $.50 of other dry cleaners.On the idea that this is not truly "green" - you're not a good consumer for a) not researching in advance, and b) believing what you read online at "the Brooklyn Paper" and through citation-less online articles.  Second, this is the best option.  No option of cleaning at home will suffice when I want to preserve the quality of my clothes, and wet or silicone dry-cleaning are so rare, and much more expensive.  Slow progress, for sure.  But Perc is horrible - it contributes to air and water pollution, and is carcinogenic.  But DF-2000 is a suspected neurotoxin when stored or used improperly - just like many, many other chemicals.  Calm down and wait for better, equivalently priced options.  Don't be so negative on this one company - DF-2000 is a much better option.  Do your research and you'll see that nearly every credible source lists it as significantly better than the old method, enough to make them encourage adoption.  (This includes many states' departments of health or environmental quality.)Anyway, here's an example of their level of service: when I was leaving for a conference, but forgot to clean my "nice" suit, they were able to get it back to me later that day, cleaned and ready to be packed away.As you can tell, I love them.  I cannot say enough good things.  I waited to review them until I was sure that it was not a honeymoon period, and it sure wasn't.  Consistently high quality, better for the environment, all at a great price.(And if this sounds like I work for them, I do not.  I just really appreciate their business - it is so personal, helpful, perfect, etc.)
4	Seriously folks!!  I just got a note in my Inbox from the owner, Brad K. of Organic Cleaners, apologizing for my first experience with them. (which wasn't bad mind you, the price just gave me a bad taste)  I find that honorable and it shows that you truly care about your business and your customer base. I'm actually having two items of clothing altered at Organic Cleaners as we speak (I've yet to find a better seamstress) and I will definitely be back with some work shirts and pencil skirts. Kudos for providing a quality product and caring about your customers.
5	The service and quality of ODC makes other cleaners pale in comparison. This is only place that I will take my garments to be laundered or altered. Solid 5 stars!
1	This used to be Johnson's Cleaners, an excellent, long standing, Phoenix dry cleaner, with a knack for repairs. I gave the new owners a few tries and it was a disaster. Just because something is allegedly "organic" does not mean it's healthy. Turned out I am extremely allergic to the chemical or "natural" ingredient in the dry cleaning solvent. I broke out in hives up to my face by the time I got to work; I have never had a reaction to anything like that before and it took a few weeks before I realized it was the clothes that had been dry cleaned at this shop. Since then, I've tried to wash the clothes that are washable fabrics (e.g., linen) and changed to Uptowne Cleaners, but I never could wear some clothes ever again.Since I changed dry cleaners, I haven't had any more hives.
5	Thank you Brad and Family, I have been coming here for about 1 year and have had nothing but great experiences! Every time I enter organic cleaners I am greeted with a smile. My clothes have turned out, well, better looking than when I first bought them. Mr. Brad K. is the owner and is a great man. He takes his business to a new level that I believe all dry cleaners should go (but then he would have some competition). Great work Brad, I will see you soon!
3	Oh. My. When your dry cleaning bill costs more than most of the items themselves, it gives you pause. To their credit, they did get a funky stain out of a silk top, and the items are returned very well packaged (although I snicker to myself each time about the irony of individually-plastic-wrapped sweaters from a place selling itself as "green"). Their hours are extended, compared to my previous dry cleaner. They have a "free" pick-up/delivery service, if you're into that sort of thing.The downsides are predictable. The employees appear variably cracked out sometimes, although they remain relatively friendly overall. There is a humongous price list, which is exhausting by design, so you don't get to the bottom and see the rather exorbitant "special" charges (e.g., +$5 for any cashmere item). You pay on pick up, so every time is a surprise ($65 this week? $90?). I'm not sold. I only dumped my last dry cleaner because they dramatically raised their prices, without an according increase in quality. I figured if I'm going to pay out the ass for dry cleaning, it might as well be perfect. Not sure I still feel that way, $160 later. We'll see....
1	This place has ruined two of my ties on two separare occasions.  Most recently, I asked them to clean a tie that had a couple of oil spots on it.  When I went to pick up the tie, the spots were still there so I asked if they were not able to get them out.  They sent the tie back to be fixed while I waited, which I appreciated.  However, the gentleman who was doing the cleaning does not have very good vision and couldn't find the spot, so he just blasted the whole tie.  It now looks old and worn, when in fact it was next to new when I brought it in.  A good quality dry cleaner knows how to treat delicate fabrics.  This place does not.  I'll be taking my business elsewhere, and if you care about your expensive clothes, I suggest that you do too.
2	SCAM ALERT!! Now, I'm kind of disappointed that my first Yelp of 2010 has to be a negative one, but whatever, this place really pissed me off. According to the fine folks at Merriam-Webster, organic is defined as "developing in a manner analogous to the natural growth and evolution characteristic of living organisms; arising as a natural outgrowth"So that's their play. They will overcharge the shit out of you under the guise of being organic, and good for the environment, and blah blah blah. However, upon my first and penultimate experience with this place, I learned that this was not the case. I brought in 5 dresses and 1 shirt to be dry cleaned before a trip abroad over Christmas. As I came to pick them up, they had 4 of my dresses and my shirt completed, and it cost over $70!!!! These were not ornate, delicate, vintage, lacey dresses by any stretch of the word. Cute? Absolutely! But delicate to the point of over $15 per dress? I don't think so.If you've been paying attention you'll realize that one of my dresses was not returned to me. That's because they damaged it. Somehow, they caused to deep purple top color to bleed all over the grey bottom half of my dress. And this is what they said to me: "Don't worry, this happens ALL THE TIME. It's a super easy fix! We just throw a bunch of CHEMICALS on it to remove the bled dye."Hmmm, throw a bunch of "chemicals" on my dress to fix your errors after I am paying top dollar to have my belongings "organically cleaned??" Me thinks something is not adding up as it should...And this is the best part, after they damaged and treated my lycra/polyester dress (not fancy material in the slightest,) when I came to pick it up, they had the gaul to charge me $12 for it.Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.
5	My car is green. It is a really lovely shade but I don't mistake it for being good for the environment. As a single mom saving the world seems a bit overwhelming but I try in little ways. Dry cleaning isn't one of them.I use and buy to many plastic items to ever get into the green hall of fame. Recently while shopping the toy isle at Target (plastic city) my five year old looked at a play ironing board and iron and said "Mommy buy me that washing machine please." I do own an iron I am pretty sure, but I have no idea where it is at this time or really any other time. If I want wrinkles out I've been known to try to straighten out my clothes as I straighten my hair. (No, it doesn't work and it burns, it burns...) I was going to this place before they became "organic" because it is close to home. (I like simple.) They were good back then but they were picky and the place was grungy. Some of my clothes were rejected because of buttons and such. I'm not picky or lawsuit happy, I'll even sign a waiver. Just try to clean my clothes and if a button gets pulverized I'll use a safety pin. I understand that some people are upset because of the name of the store, they feel tricked... but this is a dry cleaning place so I figured chemicals would be involved somehow. I never bought into the green thing in the first place so the new signage didn't upset me. They repaved the parking lot and spruced the place up. It is much nicer and cleaner now. Please don't get me wrong. I will buy organic fruit, and I'll turn off the lights to save my electric bill, and this winter I let my front yard turn brown to save water. I don't own that many clothes and very few need dry cleaning. It's just that if I do need something without wrinkles I appreciate fast friendly service, whatever the name is. (I am not going to drive to Paris to get my stuff cleaned just because of the name.) So far the service here has been fantastic. The people are really nice, they wait on you immediately and you get your things back like new the next day by five. My dad gets everything dry cleaned and he goes here too, and again no problems. So if you can get past the name this place will treat you and your clothes with great care.
1	After posting this review, I sent a copy to the owner at Organic Dry Cleaners by e-mail.  He never responded.  This place does bad work and provides bad customer service.  Don't go there.
1	I have only just picked up my clothes from my FIRST visit to ODC, and I wish I would have read some of the reviews before I went.  It was so ridiculously expensive, and I was furious when the clerk swiped my card.  What's worse is I switched from the cleaner right by my house, which was fairly cheap, because my clothes came out smelling very chemically for weeks after I picked them up.  I assumed that an "organic" cleaner would produce a better result...but now I find out that ODC isn't even organic...what then was the point of switching and paying DOUBLE (yes double)??In all fairness, I have not even taken the clothes out of the bags yet, so I have no review on the quality of their work nor the "smell."  However, I feel strongly enough about the price issue to write my FIRST EVER Yelp review.I dropped off 10 items and got a $120 bill when I picked them up.  $120?!! You know I already OWN these clothes, right?!Unbelieveable.  I'll let you know how the job turned out once I can find a place deserving enough to warrant even the possibility of soiling my $12 a pop garments.  Bummer.
4	There is nothing more convenient than having your drycleaning delivered to your apartment or business. At my office, many of the residents take advantage of the free delivery and have their orders delivered. Clothes arrive pressed and on hangers. Prices might be a little more expensive than some of your local independent places, but those also don't have the staff or capability typically to accomodate such a luxury. So in my opinion, worth a little extra money for the convenience. If you're like me, it's hard to work full time + commute and then try and get your clothes in before they open or close. Organic has friendly employees and a helpful staff. If it helps the environment, which some are skeptical, well even better.
3	Quality: 5 stars. Service: 5 stars. Ability to go here on a regular basis: 1 star. I moved to Phoenix from L.A., and one of the hardest things for me to get used to has been the dry cleaners here. Who would have thought that reusable bags and other green measures were so freakish in Phoenix? I was so excited to find ODC and their Groupon. $30 to spend on dry cleaning, I thought, sweet! But my bill was another $90 on top of that.... I might suggest to the owners that they not offer so many amenities to those of us who don't use them. If I drop my own clothes off, I shouldn't have to pay for everyone else who uses the delivery service. Nor do I particularly need "free" water at the dry cleaner (plastic bottles, hello?). And, if you use the reusable bags, why are you ALSO using plastic inside? Major props to the staff for being really professional and nice. Love that the place is clean. Love that there are hanger recycling boxes available. Love the quality of the cleaning. But, just can't do it.
2	Here are the simple facts and reason for the above review:1. The owner is opportunistic and take every attempt to profit at your expense.2. I am a repeat customer, and have spent $600+ in dry cleaning at their locations.3. Once, a $150 Facconable shirt was damaged in their folder, the owner offered to buy me a replacement (the shirt is discontinued) or a credit.  I told him the truth and stated I had gotten it at a heavy discount for $35, which he credited me for.  I could have been opportunistic as he is and produced a valid receipt for the original replacement value of the shirt as $150, but did not.  The owner also attempted to defer blame by stating the shirt had a defect, which it did not.4. Once, at the Tatum Blvd location I had my clothes in before 7AM, stated clearly to them: shirts folded and need be ready by 4PM to make my flight.  I stopped by, they stated they had a machine breakdown and apologized for not calling me.  The shirts came to me not folded and I just barely made my flight.  I tipped them $20 for their effort.5. Once, at the Thomas Rd location, they stated their machines broke down and half of my dry cleaning would not be ready.  I was forced to purchase clothing on the trip at a loss of over $80 to me.6. Today, Monday, I brought six pieces of laundry (shirts) and dry cleaning in to the Thomas Rd location at 645AM and requested the items by 3:30PM to 4PM same day service.  They stated their same day service is completed by 5PM and if I wanted my clothes by 3:30-4PM, I would have to pay a $5 per piece upcharge.  I explained that not only I am a repeat customer, I also travel through to Friday and need a dry cleaner that will either work on Saturday or do my cleaning earlier on a Monday.  The girl at the counter contacted the owner, explained my dilemma and the owner stood firm at the upchargeConclusion: If anyone reads this, I really need a decent dry cleaner in Phoenix that does work on weekends or is not a "rip-off" or is at least fair to their customers, because this Cleaners really deserves only a single star for their poor customer loyalty and their opportunism.
1	Wow. Fail. Really. You just blew it.I wasn't so concerned or rallied up about the organic aspect as I had my doubts to it's legitimacy. It was the pick up and drop off delivery service that made me get out the gay spray. Really. This potential customer, who recently lost a whole bunch of pounds and has a whooooole new wardrobe, is keeping his dry cleaning business at Society Cleaners on Camelback. Shout out...hey...arms in the air...I called in and inquired about the delivery service. The employee took my address and times that would work for me for dropping off my dry cleaning bags. She also told me she wasn't sure about their schedule as the driver is in college and has different class times. What? Like I give a rat's ass if the driver is in college or in Depends. Don't. Care. But I was excited for this new luxury. Thursday comes. Three o'clock to five o'clock. Six. Six thirty. No show. Fail. I didn't bother calling back. Nor should you.
1	I have a Hotel Collection duvet cover that I purchased back in April from Macy's. The "dry clean only" tag made me think twice about buying it, but it was so beautiful that I went ahead and splurged.I decided that I could afford to get it dry cleaned twice a year, and dropped it off at OrganicCare on Monday. I was pretty excited to pick it up today, but a little nervous to see how it turned out.I am really upset to say that it looks horrible. It is wrinkled and looks as though a million threads have started to pull out of it. It feels rough (was very smooth before), and I am just beside myself with what to do.Of course I signed the waiver that they require, but am not sure if that means that I have no recourse for a ruined duvet. I assumed that a dry cleaner knows how to treat materials - that's why we take things to them, right?I called but the manager is not there. I'm hoping that when I speak to her tomorrow, she can help to make this right.SO SAD!Update:I spoke with the owner who promptly called me to make things right with my duvet. I took the duvet back so that they could see what the problem was, and he let me know that it had not been pressed. While it's annoying to make additional trips to get something done that should have been done in the first place, it was nice to know that it was an "easy fix". They said they'd call me when it was ready, and when they hadn't called, I called them. I went to pick it up and the girl looked up my name and said "I don't show anything here for you." At this point, I am about ready to get really pissed, but the other girl steps in says "It's the duvet. It's in the office." She got my duvet and brought it out so we could look at it. While it looked better than it did the first time I picked it up, there is still something wrong with it. It just looks like the threads have actually shrunk, which is causing the fabric to pucker. I pointed this out to her, and while she didn't see what my issue was (clearly), she said she'd leave it for the manager and have it pressed again. She said it'd be ready that day or the next (I can't remember now), and that they'd call me when it was ready.Of course I didn't get a call when it was ready, so I called them. "Yes! It's ready!" I was told over the phone. I headed over, hoping this was the end of this super annoying situation. The girl brought out the duvet and hung it so that we could inspect it. She explained that THREE girls had pressed it. I don't know if that's unusual or if I should feel happy that three people worked to fix their error, or what. It still wasn't the same. The thread was shrunk during whatever process they used to clean it, and no amount of pressing was going to change that. I took the duvet and the girl said "The owner will pay for someone else to press it if you can find another dry cleaner to do it better." While this is a nice offer, I don't see how I should have to make a FOURTH trip to try to get my duvet fixed, when pressing it is obviously not the issue. I don't know how the dry-cleaning process works, and frankly don't care to know. That's why I trust professionals to know what they are doing.  All I know is that what I took in there was not what I took out.LUCKILY, Macy's is an amazing company with a stellar return policy. Almost 9 months after buying this duvet, they returned it, gave me full credit, and ordered another brand new one to be shipped to my house, free of charge. The duvet is out of stock now so I was worried that I'd be SOL with getting the same one, but they located it for me in another city. The Macy's salesman said, without me telling him anything about the dry-cleaning incident, that the thread in the duvet has shrunk, and that with this quality of duvet, that's very odd. I agreed with him, and am glad that one company makes things right for you, even when they are not the ones who made the error!
5	Can't comment on the chemicals used or not used on my clothes.  I  don't understand all that.  But, as far as service goes, I'm very happy here.  They are very friendly and attentive.  My clothes are always ready when promised and they turn out great.
3	I was a bit disappointed.  The prices are really high for anything besides men's shirts, even then, it's still on the higher end and my dress came back with the same stain that was on it when I dropped it off.  They were kind enough to tell me they would re-do it but I need the dress for that weekend so I said I was wearing it with the stain and they told me to bring it back and they would try again.  I thought that was really cool, I never went back though.  I should.  I think I will. It was very cool of them to even offer that.  The other items I brought it looked fine, just that it was a bit pricey in my own opinion.  Note to self: stop buying dry clean only clothes, if you bitch about the costs of dry-cleaning.
4	An overall pleasant experience. At the end of the day I would prefer to walk away with a fabulous product even if the service was just meh. I brought in a wool and recycled cashmere winter coat with a faux fur collar and a sweater, both Ann Taylor Loft, and was sure they were going to cost me a pretty penny.  I was quoted $25 and they ended up charging me $18!  Even if it had cost me $25 that is a very reasonable rate for dry cleaning and especially organic dry cleaning.  I will admit that my heart stopped for a minute when I had to sign a waiver for the fur coat in case anything happened to it - the coat is a loaner from my aunt to take with me to D.C - but to my much grateful surprise it was fine and looks fabulous! I dropped it off yesterday afternoon and was told it would be ready after 5pm today but I found myself in the area at lunchtime and called to see if it was ready. They told me over the phone it was ready but when I walked in said it wasn't. I asked them to check and sure enough it was ready. So, all in all, a worthwile investment.
4	Been here once. I took in my feather-down comforter to get cleaned. I had a first time customer coupon for 25% off. Reasonably priced for organic products. Got the comforter back in a clear plastic bag and another coupon for next visit. Overall, great. They got the stains I had out of my comforter and not only does it looks cleaner, but a lot fluffier as well!
5	I've been taking all of my dry cleaning needs to OrganiCare for a few years now and have never been even close to dissapointed in the quality and or customer service.I've taken comforters, expensive evening wear (including suits), all of my designer purses and a few other things.  All of which has come back looking better than new.  Not only that but the staff has been very helpful and friendly each and every time I come in.  I've delt with a few not so good cleaners where some of my items will either come back not smelling clean or my boyfriend's dress shirts not being pressed correctly, but never here.  They're very organized and thorough. I love supporting any local business and OrganiCare is one of those businesses!
3	First time there and they lost a jacket- an expensive suit jacket.  Initially the girls there did a pretty terrible job following through, but once I spoke to the manager and the owner was involved, they did a great job staying on top of it and tracking it down.  It came out great.  While I didn't pay for the cleaning and I was offered a credit, the pricing is definitely on the upper end of dry cleaning.  It is about double what my normal dry cleaning costs, but there are benefits of the "organic" cleaning, I guess.  Anyhow, it wasn't a smooth transaction and they made it right.
2	Quite pricey for dry cleaning. $6.20 per tie is too much money! $2.95 to launder a shirt is okay, but there are places that are cheaper. The total cost to dry clean a men's suit is around $15.The staff is friendly, and the dry cleaning is done quickly. However, the price is too high. I am still looking for a cheap, reliable dry cleaners in Phoenix.
5	We live right next door at Lofts on Thomas and my husband took all my shirts here. Some shirts I was even going to just toss out due to the stains but OrganiCare took all of the stains out and made even the grossest shirts look brand new!!! I am very happy w them and I highly recommend this place!!! Best dry cleaners in phx!!!!!
5	They cleaned my wedding dress PERFECTLY for only $49. Bell Drapery down the road wanted to charge $200. My dress is simple and they said it didn't need to go under the "wedding" category. This kind of honesty and kindness means I will go back to them EVERY time. They managed to remove incredibly bad wine and dirt stains from my dress and my husband's shirt (it was a great party!!). Everyone said it couldn't be done so I was thrilled with the results. And now they tell me they will pick up and drop off to my house for free?? I'm IN. LOVE them. They are so friendly and reasonable. Thank you.
4	I have been using them for over 2 years. I signed up for delivery service after being unable to reliably pick up my clothes when I needed them (I travel, A LOT).It is on par with 85015 zip dry cleaners for what they charge, but when you use delivery - you can't use coupons.LOYAL: I will be loyal to Organicare, as they delivered my cleaned garments with a bag for things left in my pockets - and it was a bunch of cash I left in a pair of pants. That is amazing and speaks to this place's integrity.Also, the owner's pretty cool.
5	I live in Gilbert and work in downtown and continue to bring my clothes to them for the last 4 years. They are the best that I have found! The customer service is EXCELLENT and Mariah the manager to GREAT!! I love the new remodel and the free bottle of water. Brad the owner is always there or at his other location in Desert Ridge. Plus the wet cleaning doesn't leave a smell. Huge Plus!!
1	Very pricy service with unremarkable results. I routinely bring clothing to the PHX location; however, the time has come to shop around. I was just quoted $130 to steam 4 curtain panels. Pricing is just absurd.***Update, this business just called my husband (after I picked up the curtains and found a new cleaner to steam them) and is now offering to do it for $40, which is coincidentally the same price that my new cleaner quoted me.  Sorry, too late. You have taken advantage of my wallet for too long (seriously, look at my account history). So next time you call me to solicit your services and beg me to come in (like you did earlier this month), know that your greed has caused you to lose my business.  Never again!****In response to the comment (seriously, I'm engaging in a dialogue about this, silly!) left by the business, there was no mix-up.  My husband dropped off brand new, out of the bag Pottery Barn curtains and specifically advised that they did not need to be cleaned, only pressed/steamed to get the  creases from the packaging out. After getting the $130 quote, I picked them up (to take elsewhere) and even asked the girl at the counter if she was sure that that was how much they charge to steam something. I emphasized the fact that they didn't even need to be cleaned. I was just told, "yeah, so sorry."  In any event, I'm done--the only thing good about this business is their candy dish which you will have to dump in your purse to make the cost of this place worthwhile (and I'm not even one of those cheapo people either, for years I spent over $12-13 a piece to clean my dresses).  Go to the place up the road, save yourself the headache just like me!
4	I've taken my suit in here quite a few times to get it dry cleaned and have been satisfied each time. Service is friendly and professional, and the turn around is entirely reasonable.
5	Friendly staff, prompt service!
5	I have been  customer since Brad opened his downtown shop many years ago. I am now a regular customer of his Desert Ridge shop. OrganiCare's  attention to detail is astounding. Brad recognizes individual shirts. His staff removes collar stays before pressing, which preserves and makes my shirts look great. He puts nice , temporary cufflinks in my French cuff shirts. OrganiCare is the only Dry Cleaner that I trust to keep me looking my best.
