4	Great Mediterranean food. It is a store front on Providence. Very relaxing with outdoor tables.The hummus is great with fresh home-made pita bread.I also loved the veggie salad-no lettuce just different julienned vegetables, oil/vinegar, and cheese. Lite and satisfying.
5	I love this place. The name of this restaurant, unfortunately tucked away into a strip mall, means day and night. The decor matches the name - all blues and oranges. Whoever designed this place deserves an award. From the banquettes to the gorgeous lighting fixture above the bar to the open plan kitchen - it all added up to feeling like we weren't anywhere near a strip mall.I treated friends to dinner here after doing some research online. One wanted a unique salad, the other wanted greek food, and this place advertises itself as greek, mediterranean and italian. We went on a Sunday or Monday night (can't recall which). We started out with their homemade pita and hummus which was really good. My friend claimed the fresh baked bread smelled a bit better than it tasted, but I thought it was perfect.Our server was awesome. He was very knowledgeable about all of the dishes - we had questions about the cheese served in my friend's salad. It was mild and looked a lot like mozzarella but was actually a greek cheese whose name I can't remember. It was very, very good.My chicken dish was served in a slightly lemon flavored sauce, with fingerling potatoes. It was actually pretty amazing. The presentation was really impressive with every dish we ordered.Also ordered were the seafood pasta (spicy!! and delicious) and the crazy lasagna (two words: veal bolognese). Both were excellent. The only complaint was not enough traditional Greek dishes. Still, we would all go back in a heartbeat - just wouldn't go hoping for a wide selection of lamb dishes.Though we didn't order any, their drink selection was intriguing. There were some good wines, along with yummy sounding coffee concoctions and a mixed drink called Cointreauversial: a name which we dubbed the "most clever" seen in a long time.They offer some good wine and martini specials on different weeknights. I will definitely be back for those nights when I'm in town again.
3	I've been here just once for lunch because a website rated it as one of the top 10 Charlotte restaurants. It doesn't stand out from the street, because it is in a strip mall next to Harris Teeter. I went there because I was craving hummus and hoped to have some here, which I did for a starter! It came with pita bread, and it was pretty good. My spicy seafood pasta did not meet my expectations however, because it wasn't spicy one bit. The pasta was still tasty and filing though. The server looked like he was just waiting to leave. Didn't feel welcomed by his service at all. Would I go there again? Probably not unless I had a specific reason I had to go there.
4	A classic example of not judging a book by it's cover. As others have stated, Noche is in a strip mall and set back so it's easy to overlook. However, it should not be missed if you are in Charlotte.Run by local greek brothers, it is the real deal - the Spankopita is authentic, the pita bread (I believe) is baked there, and the ingredients are high quality. I've had the slow-cooked lamb and it melts in your mouth. The desserts are also good, but sweet (in the greek tradition). Portion size is generous and they do a big takeout business. Thumbs up - Charlotte needs more places like this!
4	One of our  favorite restaurants for the excellent food.  I do recommend a reservation because the place is rather small and gets really packed at peak dining times. Everything I have had here is outstanding - especially the handmade pasta (ask your server which  is made in house), the pizzas, the salads, and each seafood entree that I have had is cooked to perfection.  They have really good hummus made in house.  I love the decor.  The wine list is nice - but a couple of times we have had our wine served at the wrong temperatures which affected our enjoyment of the wine.  I have to admit that the service has been hit or miss... sometimes we have great service, and other times it is less than stellar.  Overall, we are willing to overlook the indiscretions because the food is so good!   Every dessert we have had is delish.  Its hard to go wrong here in terms of food.  However, if you're not careful, you can easily drop a big wad of cash at dinner time.  But if you are frugal, you can have an excellent dinner for a reasonable amount.
4	My family really enjoys this place.  The service is always good.  The food always taste very fresh and they always prepare something nice for my daughter who has alergies.  We like the fried veggies, pizzas, ravioli, hummus, and the seafood.  Wine selection is not that bad either.  We never make reservations because we get their early with the kids (yes, the kids are always welcomed), but if you are eating between 7-9, I suggest you do so as the place is small.
1	We arrived at the restaurant at 6:30 PM We had to wait about 15 minutes without a reservation.The accoustics in this place are horrible, you can barely talk to the person right next to you. We were seated at a two top and  given water.. fifteen minutes later a very nice and friendly Gwen arrived..she took our drink order and returned about 20 minutes later..My wine was sour.... she took it back and came back in ten minutes to take our app order ..she did not bring the wine. we ordered Calamari..it came in about 30 minutes...( way too long) and we asked for red sauce to dip it in..almost 35 minutes later she came to the table and said she was so sorry but the kitchen was way behind and she couldnt get through to them..she came back about five minutes later with it. We ordered our dinner..mine Veal Francoise  and my husbands a tuna melt...it was way over 35 minutes and then the dinner came..she set it down ..my husband who was crabby by now...said ..this sure doesnt taste like a tuna melt..I said...oh get over it..you just dont like this place..at the same moment she walked up to the table and said...I will take that chicken sandwich back and I have a tuna melt for you.....She had given him the wrong order!!!She was a very nice and sweet waitress ..the kitchen was way out of whack..way too long of time between and before any food was served..and no comping of anything...it was  not a good experience at all....I know my husband will not EVER want to go back.....Stavros should take notice of this.... You can not treat  customers like this...
5	So good! Fantastic service. Great fresh food. Daily, in restaurant, freshly made desserts. Decent wine list. Fun & intimate atmosphere. The wait on Weekend nights can be much but well worth it. Love all the traditional Greek dishes here! I could eat here once a week & never get bored.
4	This is one of the few places in the Ballantyne area that's worth the drive - especially if you live closer into town. While it's not advertised as a Greek restaurant, it's the only traditional/legit Greek place in town.AppetizersTaste of all Spreads (Hummus, Tzatsiki and Greek eggplant dip) a phenomenal starter and very generous portionsGrillled Sausage - the sausage and the sauce are ridiculously good and the foccacia they serve with it is perfect to help clean the plate.Lamb Souvlaki - melt in your mouth good - you can make a meal on appetizers alone.MainGarganelli with Chicken and Crazy Lasagna are my favorite pasta dishes...though I have to admit that I lean toward the Greek stuff, so havn't ordered pasta here in awhileMoussaka - I don't like Moussaka but this has delicious, complex flavors and is enough for two.Lamb Shank/Lemon Chicken - when I'm in my Greek mode - both well done and remind me of my mom's cookingDessertsFrank (on of the two Kaltsounis brothers) is a great pastry chef, and the Loukomades and Rice Pudding are both as good as you would get in Greece.All-in, Ilios Noche does a great job...awesome wait staff....timiing of courses...etc. My negatives are the parking...and the fact that it's a mess getting there with all of the construction, but not their fault...and the fact that  the last two dates I've taken there have both been failures (it couldnt't have been the food...must've been the company) :-)
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.  You usually need a reservation.  Friday and saturday can be a 1+hour wait without it.  The food is excellent.  We eat here all the time.  Our favorite things:Htipiti, lamb sovlaki, wild mushroom pizza, greek ribs, and pretty much all the deserts.
4	I discovered Ilios Noche on www.opentable.com, as I was looking for someplace new we could go on a Saturday night.  I've never been south of I-485 on Providence Road, so I wasn't quite sure what to expect or where it would be located.  I reserved a table for two to give it a try.  We found the restaurant in the first shopping plaza we came to, behind all the road construction.  We were amazed at how crowded the restaurant was (and relieved that we had made a reservation in advance -- thank you, Open Table!).  We were seated within a couple of minutes.My first observation of the restaurant is that it could easily be expanded for the amount of people that were there.  Right now, it's kind of small, and it would be nice to have some separation between the dining area and the bar area.  The bar could easily be expanded, too, as it makes the perfect waiting area (there really isn't one).  There is outdoor seating, too, which is great, but it's along the parking lot with no separation either, so it doesn't lend itself to be a fun area for dining.  There's also an area for take-out in the restaurant that surprising continously had a long line.  Wow!  They do a great take-out business apparently.  Unfortunately, the take-out line had to compete with the dining area, bar area, and open kitchen area, too.  Now...onto the food.  We sampled a few appetizers/tapas to start, but you could easily make a meal out of sharing a bunch of these.  There are SO many from which to choose.  They have five different Greek spreads to order with pita pieces.  We sampled the Roasted Red Pepper "Htipiti."  It was amazing.  Roasted red pepper with feta cheese?  YUM.  It was so creamy, too.  We also sampled the olive dish and the spicy calamari appetizer.  The calamari wasn't coated or fried; it was sauteed and smothered in a spicy almost-marinara sauce which, incidentally was too spicy for my partner, but -- loving spicy foods -- I found it to be "just right."  Since I normally only eat lamb in a gyro at the Greek Festival here in Charlotte, I ordered the Lamb Souvlaki pita wrap for my entree.  The sandwich offered chunks of lamb (instead of slices) and had a lot of flavor to it.  I even ordered some extra tzatziki sauce (the only way I like to eat cucumbers) to dip my "Greek fries" into.  For being so incredibly busy, our server did a fantastic job, even though she apologized over and over for delays and waits that were nonexistent or weren't that bad.  It didn't help, though, that we witnessed the restaurant owner (acting as food expediter) barking at every server.  That was kind of off-putting and unnecessary, considering the servers all seemed to be working very hard and keeping up with how crazy-busy it was.  Plus -- hello! -- they're human beings.  Treat them like some.  Being a former server, I can only imagine what they say about him behind his back.  I used the restroom before we left and felt like I had stepped into a different restaurant.  The hallway leading to the restrooms wasn't maintained very well and neither was the men's restroom itself.  I was surprised considering how well the rest of the restaurant appeared.  I felt like I was walking into an "employees only" area that they weren't as concerned with.  Having ordered so much food, I took some baklava to go.  I got a huge piece for $7.  I sampled some of it and it was delicious.  It definitely competes with the baklava I usually love to get at the Greek Fest.  It's very moist (which I love) and full of sweet flavors.  Kudos on a great baklava! All in all, I think Ilios Noche was an excellent find and we're very glad we went.  Would we return?  You bet.  I'd love to try many other things from their extensive menu.  And I'll definitely make a reservation to ensure a very short wait time again!
4	Went on a relatively lazy Friday night - as usual, Noche lived up to my expectations! Since the evening was balmy we sat outside in a nice corner table, overlooking the perpetual road construction. :) Ideally I'd suggest they screen off the patio, but not sure that is practical. Anyway, we went for a 'greek tapas' style meal and ordered four different appetizers, including the four dip sampler (excellent as usual), the shrimp skewers (perfectly done), the eggplant chips (addictive, especially with tzatsiki) and the recently featured pork ribs greek style. I am a traditional BBQ fan, but these were probably in my top 5 - just the right amount of pull off the bone, unique oregano/lemon seasoning, and again the tzatsiki (which makes everything better!) I actually believe their tzatsiki will cure burns and dry skin, kind of like the windex in "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" We split a delightful bottle of Greek white wine and finished off the meal with one of their GIANT pieces of Baklava. Of course I had to have greek coffee with it, or Aegean sludge as it's referred to. . . Service was good, a bit slow due to the crowds. However, a great way to end the week overall!
2	Let's just say that Ilios Noche isn't all that "great." I use these unnecessary quotation marks because it seems fitting for this place trying to be both a "Greek" restaurant and an "Italian" restaurant, and uses quotation marks indiscriminately across their menu (except where they are needed). For instance, some of the sandwiches come with "Greek fries" (as written online), and on the menu, Greek "fries." Needless to say I wasn't interested in sampling quasi-fries of any nationality. But, on the contrary, the Wood Grill section is not in quotes, although our waiter informed us, after we asked what wood was used in the grill, that there isn't really a wood grill at all. Yes, here was a legitimate opportunity to use quotation marks: "Wood Grill." I did very much appreciate our waiter's honesty and friendliness, and a waiter without much confidence in his place of work does speak volumes on its own.But let me start at the beginning. Ilios Noche's al fresco dining is next to the Harris Teeter's supermarket parking lot, so you're really seated next to a mini van and souped-up BMW thoroughfare. Yes, there aren't many real estate options in this area, so this is unavoidable, but I think they should be more honest about the location on the web site for those to which this arrangement is...unexpected.It was half-price martini night when we dined there, and that can potentially put a good spin on even the worst situations. I was blindly optimistic.We shared the combo dip platter, which was not bad--four greek spreads with pita (red pepper and feta and the yogurt spread were the best, the hummus seemed made with dehydrated garbanzos). We also split the Grape and Fennel salad, which wasn't bad either: the right amount of dressing with shaved fresh fennel, grapes, spinach and unfortunately--cooked figs (think fig newton filling). Despite my second martini, the entrees were barely edible. My friend had salmon that was cooked well but paired with some kind of salty faux "tomato onion marinara," and my Spanakopita (not called this but that's what it was trying to be) was shaped like a curled up soft pretzel, heavy on the spinach and very very very light on the cheese. We also sampled the Gulf shrimp souvlaki, which should have been in quotes since there was no "souvlaki" anywhere in sight--just tough, slightly smelly shrimp on skewers that were left on the plate when we departed.I was going to ask about dessert before the entrees came (perhaps that was the martini talking), but the cheque came before I could. I was considering espresso until the man at the table next to us asked the waiter about it and the waiter replied: "Uh, our espresso machine..." and the man completed the sentence: "Sucks?" Waiter: "Uh, yeah."Perhaps he should have used air quotes when saying "espresso machine." Given that there really wasn't any wood grill, it's hard to believe there's any espresso machine at all.I know there are not many options if you're staying or living around this area, so if you come here, revel in the large portions and stick to the very very "Basic" menu items. Oh, and drink some martinis with dinner. Or, as it were, more "martinis."
3	Ilios Noche is a difficult place to classify.  We met a few friends there, and are glad that we went early, because even with a relatively small group (5), we barely fit on a weeknight.  This place gets packed.  Consider yourself warned.As we had heard good things about the spreads, we tried some, and they were tasty indeed.  The Htipiti (no idea if I spelled that right) was our favorite, and I probably could have eaten it all night.The staff - or at least our waiter - was awesome.  He helped us with the menu, gave us tips on the wine list, even brought out samples (hefty samples at that) when people couldn't decide, big thumbs up on service, something that you don't always find.At the end of the meal, he even took me in the kitchen to show me the desserts because I couldn't decide which one I wanted.  Pretty cool.  Remember to tip your server.The only thing that was somewhat disappointing was the main course.  That's not to say that everything is disappointing, or even that mine was, just that dessert was tasty (some sort of chocolate torte thing, but it was less cake-like than I would have expected) and the appetizer was awesome, the service was great, and the sandwich was pretty good.  The ends are great and the middle was, well middling.By itself, it probably would have been quite good.  With everything else, so-so.
3	The food took forever to be served! We had spicy calamari  for appetizer which is not spicy at all but nonetheless tasted good. The steak was awesome! The spaghetti was good but i didn't like the meatballs they tasted like paper. The chardonnay tasted like nothing, I mean nothing at all. It looked like it was diluted with water. The sweet tea was great. If the weather is nice, prefer eating outside. Inside has bad acoustic. It sounded worse than a sports bar.
4	this is one fantastic place. very modern and different Greek foods and some with a twist. their Greek style ribs are to die for..fall right off the bone and with tzatziki to dip in on the side (easily my favorite food) I really enjoyed. my sister had their lamb bolognese over raviolis special and we were astonished at how good it was. definitely will be trying some lamb in my homemade next time! only downside and my reason for the 4 stars and not 5 is the location. it's 20 minutes outside Charlotte and in a shopping center so not that charming.
5	Loved the service and food here. We got seated quickly and were immediately greeted by our waitress. She was very knowledgeable and helped recommend our entire dinner! She helped us pick menu items based on foods we liked and even helped pick out a specialty drink. The food was incredible and came out quickly. It was not a huge portion of food and the food was delicious and very different than I would have normally ordered. I enjoyed the ambiance in the restaurant as well. It is a good mid-priced place to get a romantic dinner or lounge at the bar with friends.
4	As far as kid-friendly spots for foodies go (yes, I think that is a legit niche) Ilios Noche stands alone in the Ballantyne-ish area.  (It isn't really Ballantyne ... it's more of the Providence Rd gateway to Union Co.)It can be packed, and the crowd is quite a mix ... people on dates, groups of older couples and young families.  It can be a zoo at the wrong time ... and sometimes service is slow as a result.  But we haven't had a catastrophic miss in that department yet (I will admit to being someone who can get his undies in a twist when the service truly breaks down.)Most of the time it is great ... and just as importantly we have never had a bad plate there with family or friends.  We love this type of cuisine and they have nailed it again and again.  Robust but not overwhleming flavors, fresh ingredients, etc.Fair warning: if you fancy yourself a purist looking for *only* traditional Greek or *only* traditional Italian then Ilios Noche may seem off.  This is a take on nouveau-Greek-Italian, and in our experience it comes off very well.Ilios Noche is run by the same folks who own Nolen Kitchen in the Myers Park area ... you can sense a similar mindful approach in the decor and the ingedients they use in the food.We've been going here for years now and remain unabashed fans.
4	So glad we found this place!  It was our first time there last night and I already can't wait to go back.  Our  waitress was so helpful and had great recommendations, we took her word and were blown away.  You can really taste the home made sauces and fresh ingredients, just thinking about it it making my mouth water.  On top of the great service and food, the owner offered desserts for the table on the house!  Loved every bite and so did the rest of the table.
4	Great food for lunch and dinner. Everything I have ordered has been excellent
5	Amazing quality of food that is far superior to chain restaurants, Ilios prepares their food fresh from scratch daily, I had the most amazing wild caught salmon there last night.  Service is excellent and food quality is 5 star for 3 star prices, excellent value.  Best food, service and atmosphere in Charlotte, NC!  I dine at the finest Zagat rated restaurants in the USA and I would rate Ilios Noche superior to the best Zagat rated in NY, Las Vegas and other major cities.  Wayne GorsekFounderINC 500 Hall of Fame company
4	A friend recomended this place to my wife and me.  We were not dissappointed.  Great hummus, intimate atmosphere in spite of the stripmall exterior, great menu selction both in price and menu items.Only negative I can come up with was the wait (30 mins) but for a Saturday night at 8:30 I can live with it.We will definitely be back!
5	Fantastic cozy little Mediterranean-Greek restaurant.Would not expect this quality food in a strip-shopping center.Usually Great service. Really really good food. Nice wine selection with a lean towards Greek varities. The wait to be seated can be long at times.The space is a little small for the amount of business they do.This is the go-to place for my wife & I. They have yet to disappoint us.
4	They now have a "Meze Menu" from 3-6, which is a nice selection of tapas and wines for $5 each.  They also offer spreads such as hummus for $3.50 and soups for $4.75.  We have been very pleased with everything we've tried so far on this menu - my boyfriend really loves the greek ribs, I love the chicken soulvaki and the diver scallops on a bed of hummus.  Also, if you want a delish salad to go along with your small plates, I would recommend the Grapes and Fennel or Mesclun salad, yum!
2	Two stars says it all. This place is my least favorite of this restaurants groups three restaurants in Charlotte...Nolen Kitchen, Big View Diner, and this one. We began our experience by waiting 1 hour in the bar area, literally throwing 'bows in an effort to maintain control over some semblance of personal space at the horribly conceived bar area. There was only one seat available, so being the gentleman that I am, I gave it to my wife and stood behind her. I'm pretty sure the two-top table 6.5 inches behind me were THRILLED at having a front row movie theater view of my butt while they attempted to enjoy dinner. Did I mention we had reservations, and still had this kind of wait? Unreal. We continued our up-close-and-personal adventure with the rest of the restaurants patrons when we were finally seated at a table for two...5 inches from tables situated to the left and right. Remember that scene in "Valentines Day" (that god awful Ashton Kutcher RoCo), the scene where people are sat so close together they accidentally grab other peoples water glasses? Picture that, and you have a good idea of what this restaurant has to offer. I kid you not, we did actually end up having a conversation with the couple seated to our left, since we figured that was better than jockeying for position in the restaurant through sheer volume. Impromptu family-style dining, my wife and I joked later. The food was OK, and the service was ok...especially considering how slammed this place was, and how the wait staff could hardly maneuver between the restaurants patrons, all packed like sardines. For my money, Greek Isles in Southend is a far better Greek and Mediterranean experience than this place. Their dishes may not be as creative as Ilios, but I feel like they provide a more intimate and authentic experience...definitely more bang for your buck. I have to say, I was pretty disappointed with this place, especially considering how much I like Nolen Kitchen and the Big View Diner. This place has very little concern for customers comfort and overall experience, but judging from the poor table layout and double and triple booking reservations, they seem to place alot of concern over squeezing every single penny they can out of their little strip mall location. VERDICT: Won't be returning.EDITORIAL NOTE:  I hate it when people give a place 5 stars and then rave on and on about their hummus and pita bread.  Yes yes...this place makes great hummus...so does my 4 year old niece who I'm teaching to cook.  Come on people, its garbanzo beans and olive oil.  You can't mess it up.
3	The 1st time I ate here I loved almost everything, the 2nd time it was all a  bit mediocre. Our server the 2nd time was a little off.  He was awkward and would kind of stand around and wait for our reactions about a drink or food and it made it a little uncomfortable.  But the prices are reasonable and they do have a large menu so there would definitely be lots of other options to try than the things I've had and didn't love.   I haven't given up on it but I wouldn't rush to get back there any time soon.
4	Went here solo because I was craving the Greek style ribs with tzatiki (stunningly good combo, btw). Ilios is so postively reliable - service, atmosphere, food. . .even free wi-fi! Everything was top notch and the ribs really did hit the spot!Make sure you order the eggplant chips to start - very unusual appetizer but very tasty!
4	Once upon a time I took golf lessons at Providence Country Club, which was really an expensive excuse to go to Ilios Noche each time for lunch afterwards.  Every time I'd have the salmon sandwich, perfectly grilled medium rare and juicy and perfectly seasoned with salt and cracked black pepper with red pepper glaze, arugula, tomato and cucumber... it melts in your mouth and is on perfectly toasted bread. It's making my mouth water as I write. If you want to go extra decadent, add on a huge piece of gooey honey laden baklava and it will send you to the moon!  So why not 5 stars? Well the dinner- it gets ultra crowded, and the tables are quite close together and you never like to eat while the vultures (people waiting for tables) hover glaring at you to scoff quickly.  Also some of the entrees are good, but not "send you to the moon" salmon sandwichy fantastico.  I do remember the scallops being very good. That said, even though Nolen Kitchen is way closer to me, I think Ilios Noche has much better food.  Too bad it's like  8 hours away. Slight hyperbole.  We'd be regulars if it was closer and larger though. Yum.The environment with the open kitchen is cute neighborhoody trattoria. Well done, Stratos!PS I have had them cater a few things and they did a great job!!
4	My wife and I have been to Ilios Noche 3 times and it has never disappointed. The food and wine is always tasty and the service is spot on. This last trip I tried the meatballs in red sauce and they were melt-in-your-mouth good. The dips are delicious. The moussaka takes a while but is worth it if you have the time. The zuchinni and eggplant chips are good but a bit greasy after the 8th or 10th one. We got the berry dessert and found the balsamic sauce to be a bit too strong; the basil ice cream was strangely tasty. The Ave Malbec was smooth and delicious. Note that the tables and bar are closely packed in. As other reviewers noted it could use a redesign (and a sunken or separated bar). Also, it gets very loud. Even after 8pm there often are rowdy young kids in the restaurant. Just be prepared for that if you are taking a date, and you may want to avoid weekends unless you eat late. Still the strong menu and service will keep us coming back. Oh and they have drink specials worth mentioning: Tues for wine, Wed for martinis, and Thurs for beer.
4	Ilios Noches is my favorite of the tri-fecta (Nolen, Ilios and Big View Diner) because everything I've tried here is fresh, well made and the happy hour (mezze menu)  ROCKS! For $5 you can choose from a HUGE list of appetizers and mini-versions of dishes.  Wine is $5 too. Spreads are $3.50 each during this time, and I truly recommend them all.  the Roasted Eggplant with toasted walnuts and red onion and mint is delish-- the Roasted Red Pepper which features aged feta and olive oil are two of my favorites. Get the cucumber yogurt tzatziki, but just know you'll get a side of it with other menu items, so you may end up with too much. (These spreads come with super soft pita...NOMMMM.)Some of the standouts (AKA I'd order these again) include the trio of Mini Cheese Pies.  These are little bite-size flaky, crispy filo wrapped cheese delights that are salty and crunchy and utterly delicious. The burrata and saganaki too is fantastic...heck, all their cheeses are!The shrimp, chicken and lamb souvlaki are good staples, served with that tzatziki and pita. The pork ribs are savory and tender.  All the salads are fresh and well composed too.  As for the pizzas, I've never had them, and would like to try next time I go for dinner.  Some of the pastas are just...good, nothing special, like the spahgetini.  It almost makes me think the menu is too big and only the stars should remain. Desserts. This needs to get it's own section.  There's a berry dessert I MUST get no matter what. It's this portion of fresh berries, drizzled with this sweet balsamic glaze and served with BASIL ICE CREAM! I even asked for what kind of balsamic they use, and bought a bottle of it for myself! Ilios would get the full 5 stars if a few of their menu items were omitted, or executed a bit better. (The lamb pie, which is great on concept, my husband is Greek and his family makes AWESOME lamb pie...but this one has thick dough surrounding it, and it was still a bit raw in places.)
4	I was on my own, tired, wanted a light dinner. I was near Ilios Noche so I stopped in. I sat at the bar and had a nice Zinfandel while I enjoyed reading the menu. So many options - but I chose simple: lamb souvlaki with tzatziki and pita, and a plate of roasted asparagus. So good, perfect. The bar server was pleasant and attentive. I will return often.
5	Phenomenal , Authentic Greek!
4	Great locally owned spot!  Food is always fresh, spiced right and reasonably priced.  Not a bad item on the menu!  It's in a strip mall... so, not the greatest location... small and about ready for an update.  But, the atmosphere inside is nice.  You've gotta try this place!
5	Loved it! Had the Taste of All Spreads for appetizer. My main dish was the Greek style pork ribs which came right off the bones and tasted delicious. Dessert was a richly sweet baklava with pistachio ice cream. Yum yummy!
3	I have been here a couple of times and I would say that it's ok. It's not my favorite but it's good. My first time we were here I don't recall what I had I just remember walking away and feeling like it wasn't that great, we had really odd service and waited a while for our food. My sister and I came in here last week after a very long day and we sat outside and had a really good dinner service was good Margarita's were good and the food was good. We had the fried Calamari to start I didn't care for the two sauce they served with it but the Calamari itself was good. We split a Pizza that had Prosciutto and Artichokes with Peppers it was good and we also had the Ilios salad with a side of Risotto. It was better than my first time here and I left satisfied!
4	I LOVE this place. I eat here for lunch often and it is always packed. I also drop in for take out occasionaly as well. I have never had a bad meal here. I have never had a bad meal here. The chicken is always cooked perfectly, the most moist juicy chicken EVER. I love it on the Grapes and Fennel salad. The only reoccuring problem I have had is that the service is usually slow. It starts okay and by the end of the meal you are flagging someone, anyone, down to pay your bill.
3	We went to Ilios Noche tonight to meet a few friends for tapas and beverages. I am normally a big fan of this place, but tonight things were just a little off.  For starters, I did not recall that the wine on their Meze menu is actually a smaller portion than a normal glass of wine. (Maybe it was always that way, I don't recall).  In any case it's not a huge deal, so whatever.  We started out with the cheese plate on the meze menu. It is definiltely not as good as it was last time. The plate was a little sparse.  I did like the whole wheat pita however.   Our group ordered a pretty big variety of things to share and one of the things ordered was garlic bread with marinara & goat cheese - I would definitely order that again. We all love the grilled asparagus, and the risotto is really good too. Usually I love the diver scallops on a bed of hummus, but tonight they did not seem to be as good as normal.  We ordered some pizza and I enjoyed the tomato & mozzerella.  That was probably the best thing I ate tonight.  The guys enjoyed the greek ribs and lamb pie which I passed on. Our service was a little slow and not very good good in terms of bringing drinks or keeping our water glasses filled.
3	Okay - so a lot of the food here was excellent.  The country salad (tomato, cucumber, feta) was sublime - as good as you can get.  For me the standard is the country salad at Eastiatorio (sp) Milos in mid-town Manhattan and this was every bit as good (and half the price).  We had some cheeses with fig and other spreads and they were excellent.  So we were majorly grooving in a dope Mediterranean vibe ... until the main course.  I did the fish of the evening which was a striped bass.  Like a lot of Greek places, this is grilled whole with olive oil, capers, sea salt - very simple, healthy, good - but unfortunately it didn't measure up.  The fish was very small (where I come from it would be illegal to keep a striped bass this small) and it was kinda mushy and a bit bland.  The kitchen does not have a wood oven which is a key element to cooking a fish this way so maybe that was it.  Desserts were excellent - I had a custard thing with honey and it was a madman.As for atmosphere, think upscale Gyro place.  Located in a store front, no carpeting or soft surfaces so all noise bounces around the place.  It's loud.  Service was quite good.  I really wanted to like it more and it had some moments, but not consistent enough to get mor ethan three stars.  I will go back, however so maybe a high 3.
5	Five Stars because when a food establishment becomes an extension of family - the good kind of family that's there in times of celebration and challenge - I say they deserve nothing less!  With Spanish and Italian blood running through my veins, food that is thoughtfully and simply prepared with fresh ingredients is the only measure. Ilios is not about "dining" out in grand or ostentatious way.  Ilios is everything about eating a meal, being nourished with warmth and heart.  Seeing the line cooks chop away at their fresh ingredients in full view of patrons communicates to me every time that I'm about to be fed well. By people who care about what they do.  Have noshed on octopus, cerignola olives, delicate calamari, burrata tomato basil, and paper thin zucchini chips to my hearts content.  Have gobbled up unbeatable pork ribs, meatballs and house made sausage scraping up every last bit of of sauce with panzino or pita.  Have shared with my teenagers and their friends bowls of every creamy pasta and pizza on the menu.  Have even sipped take out hot lemon chicken soup when sick.  And return always with my husband and dearest friend to sit and be still and served with an ilios salad, skewers of lamb, scallops and trusty taste of all spreads, our glasses of wine in hand.  And week after week, month after month, year after year, NEVER grow tired of the little place in a shopping strip that has been so good to us.
4	With restaurant week in full force, we wanted to avoid the Queens Feast frenzy and enjoy an excellent meal.  Now, I have been pushing to dine here for some time now.  We were able to secure an 8:00 p.m. reservation (which is pushing it for my dad who starts asking "What's for dinner?" at 3:00 p.m.)  Needless to say, we were all famished when we arrived to be seated.  We waited for over an hour.  Actually we went and got a drink at Hickory Tavern next door to avoid stealing food from nearby tables.  Finally, after just over an hour, we were seated, and livid.The manager TOTALLY saved our night with a round of drinks, and three delicious appetizers on the house.  The 4 dips (omg walnut and eggplant!), saganaki, and short ribs.  The short ribs are to DIE for!!  For my meal, I ordered the striped bass, which comes with capers and is very lemony and fresh tasting.  I ordered the broccolini as my side which was fantastic.  I highly recommend the beef short rib entree with butternut squash puree, which was on special that night. The definition of savory.  The moussaka was also excellent, unlike any moussaka I've ever tried.  We were too stuffed to try any dessert, but it is a must for next time. Thankfully, the owner informed us that he is expanding the space.  Hopefully to avoid hour long waits for diners who have reservations!  The owner was genuine and very apologetic and made up for it so much that we can't wait to go back.Delicious and eclectic food. YUM!
5	Authentic Mediteranean food, one of the best restaurants in south Charlotte.
4	I've been wanting to try Ilios Noche for quite some time and decided to take the plunge tonight. I was surprised at the strip-mall location, and by the deafening cacophony of chatter of a large number of people packed into a small area. This is not a huge restaurant, but obviously quite popular.A more pleasant surprise was having my 8:45pm reservation honored immediately. We were walked and, due to the crowded table-space, occasionally sidled, to our table without delay. Getting to our table was a bit like working out a maze. Only this time throw in factors for your own dexterity, flexibility, and girth. The wine selection appeared to be quite large, and the beer selection quite small. Nothing on tap. Only cans and bottles. Our first course was a cheese assortment: feta and olives, manouri and figs, gorgonzola and walnuts, and fresh mozzarella with confit tomato served with what I believe were triangles of wheat pita. The mozzarella was the least flavorful but the tomato and a balsamic  drizzle countered that. The other cheeses were all simply stellar on their own and their own pairings of figs, walnuts, and olives did nothing but improve them. A fantastic start.My second course was imported Italian Agostino Recca white anchovies with celery. The anchovies were, unsurprisingly, anchovies, though without the overpowering saltiness of the kind I have usually had out of a tin or on pizza. There was also a delicious, almost vinegary, flavor present, and the celery added just the right amount of crunchy texture. My wife ordered the Mageiritsa Soup; consisting of braised lamb, egg-lemon broth, spring greens, dill, scallions and e.v.o.o. I had a good portion of this soup, myself. The lamb was a bit over-cooked, but the soup itself had a distinct, tart, lemon flavor that left me craving the next spoonful as soon as I'd downed the last. The main course for me was Striped bass served with lemon, e.v.o.o., and capers with a side of asparagus grilled with black pepper and e.v.o.o.  The bass was grilled whole, then fileted before serving. I was assured by our server that this dish melted in the mouth and she was absolutely correct. As a small, pun intended, bonus; the capers were apparently grilled as well, which was a treat compared to the usual fresh-out-of-the-bottle approach. The asparagus was also fantastic, but you can't really go wrong with grilling asparagus. The main course for my companion was Lamb chops, which were served with "Greek fries" and tzatziki. Greek fries being not much more than very thick cut potato chips, but however they cooked and seasoned them - they were perfect. Again, the lamb was a bit over-cooked but the tzatziki sauce was the best I'd ever tasted. She also ordered a side of Baby Potatoes, roasted with caramelized onions, e.v.o.o. and herbs. Another fantastic side dish- the onions added such a sweet flavor you wouldn't have known they were onions if you hadn't read it on the menu. My wife opted for a gluten free chocolate tort with cinnamon ice-cream. "gluten free chocolate tort" being a fancy way of saying "not quite as thick and rich as fudge but awfully close". It was, admittedly, extremely good fudge and paired perfectly with the cinnamon ice-cream, which was stellar. Things, unfortunately, did fall apart a bit on the dessert side for me. I love tiramisu, and I was sure it would be fantastic. I also like Turkish coffee, and they had Greek coffee, which is the same thing. Unfortunately, the coffee hadn't been prepared properly and was extremely weak and watery. As for the tiramisu, it was fairly bland, and worse, just on the wrong side of completely thawed, as if it had been frozen, or at the very least kept much too cold. I don't really care for ice-crystals in my tiramisu. I ate it anyway, but we did note that someone at another table sent their tiramisu order back. I'm still going to give the place four stars, based on the strong start of the meal alone. I will definitely be back.
4	It's in a strip mall set up near Harris Teeter so I didn't expect much the first time I went, but it was very good! The Greek spreads are all great, the hand-rolled pasta is delicious-3 of the 4 of us had the Garganelli & Chicken and loved it. Although other things look very good, I am very likely to have that every time I go.  Chocolate Torte was a great finish and they have a good wine and drink selection.Indoor seating is a moderate noise level and tables are close together, outside is quieter and actually quite nice even though it overlooks the parking lot.
3	Had the pleasure of dining here with my wife on a Friday evening. Rather packed and bustling inside. We chose to sit outside. Our server was nice and gave us the rundown of the menu. Drinks, pleasantries, the whole shebang. The atmosphere is pretty plain. Nothing daring or over the top. I recommend sitting outside if it is nice. Do yourself a favor and order the zucchini and eggplant chips. Lightly salted, nice crunch and served with a refreshing tzatziki. I ordered the spaghettini and meatballs. A generous helping of pasta and the meatballs were very robust and hearty. I wasn't disappointed at all. My wife ordered the Greek salad. Pretty standard and nothing to complain about. Nice and fresh ingredients. A nice touch with the cucumber, I might add. Good balance with the striking flavors of the kalamatas. We ended up ordering dessert. A rarity for us. We ordered the ricotta cheesecake. It had a very perky and tangy raspberry glaze and a hint of lemon zest. Not a bad combo. The texture was a little wrong, but mainly because I'm not the biggest fan of ricotta. Definitely worth the culinary venture, though. I'd say Ilios can hold its weight in the Italian game. Very robust flavors, tons of items to choose from, generous portions....what else could you possibly ask for? A great date night spot as well. If you find yourself in South Charlotte and looking for a sit-down Italian dinner, Ilios Noche should be #1 on your list.
5	My husband and I returned to Ilios Noche, as we do nearly every year, to celebrate our anniversary last night. Having honeymooned in Greece, Ilios Noche for many years was the closest we found in Charlotte to the food we ate there.We were sat promptly for our 6:45 reservation. We called ahead to inquire about corkage fees, and found that there is no corkage fee for the first bottle of wine you bring to Ilios Noche, and a $15 fee for every bottle thereafter. For us, and our one bottle of wine that we have saved since 2007 to drink, it was a great deal!Erika was our server, and she was fantastic at her job. We didn't want for anything. The food was spectacular. I ordered the Greek style pork ribs, and my husband ordered a lamb dish with orzo. The pork ribs were perfectly cooked, and easily eaten with a fork. Very tender, smoky and lightly flavored. We also ordered a sampler of all the dips (htipiti, hummus, tzatziki and an eggplant dip) as an appetizer. They brought us multiple pita bread refills until we'd conquered the appetizer, for which we were very appreciative!  Everything about our meal was perfect. I've been looking forward to the leftover ribs for lunch all morning!Ilios Noche is expanding in a couple of weeks which hopefully helps with the space concerns noted in other reviews. Erika told us they hope to stay open through Mother's Day, doing construction on "the other side" of the soon-to-come-down wall in order to minimize their downtime. The sign at the restaurant said they're expecting to host a grand re-opening in June.I highly recommend Ilios Noche, and learning about the free corkage on the first bottle of wine last night really puts them up there on places I'd recommend in Charlotte.
3	Only been here once on a romantic night out with my wife.Restaurant is a little cramped making it tough to enjoy a private meal without occasionally looking over at the folks seated next table and smiling back. Waiting staff is excellent and explained the menu very well. Food was OK.
5	We attended the "Friends and Family" Preview party on Sunday night for the grand opening of the expansion.  The new space is much needed and I love the layout.  The restaurant put on one heck of a party with plenty of yummy hors d'oeurves, drinks, sweets and live music.  I can't wait to go back and have dinner in the new space!
5	OUTSTANDING!My husband and I moved from Dallas,Texas 20 months ago. Fall of 2011, we stumbled on this unbelievable restaurant. My husband is a chef graduate of The Culinary Institute of America, so...We.Know.Food. The new redesign is a wonderful delight. Beautiful design, more spacious and the sound level for conversation is much better than the first styling.From the moment we walk in the reception is always welcoming. The bar area is striking and the bar staff is knowledgable, fun and great at wine selections.Then there's the food! These chef owners know how to put a menu together!P E R F E C T I O N! The Greek and Italian recipes are delicious, interesting, fresh and always leave us wanting to try something new. To single out one dishing impossible... All are tremendous! The chef ownersnand partners do it RIGHT! Servers are knowledgable about the menu, are attentive & professional.We are becoming regulars and feel this is THE place to enjoy weekdays and weekend dining! Drinks and apps at the bar for a happy hour or late evening is the thing to do as well.We really love this special find!E N J O Y
5	The food has always been great at IlloisThe only drawback was the atmosphere was just fair.Not anymore!!!! The place has been redone and looks great There is a buzz in the room to go along with the great food.Service is always attentiveGreat time to be had by all!!!!
2	I was not impressed at all! First of all my father asked to have a Tanqueray and Tonic to drink and the waitress had to ask multiple times what that was then she responded by saying "I'm not 21."Normally the waiter will bring out some bread to the table while you wait, NOPE not at this place....how thoughtful(do you sense my sarcasm?) We were a party of four and everyone in my party had their food brought to the table except me, and I ordered a salad.  After waiting for about 10 minutes my salad was finally brought to our table.  Don't you think salad would be the first thing that would have been made? After we received our food we had to wait for silverware to be brought to the table because at this restaurant they don't put the silverware on the table....some young boy bring you the silverware from the back with his bare hands. YUCK! I had ordered The Greek Country salad, well little did I know that meant it had NO lettuce/spinach at all....it was just cucumbers, tomatoes, and onions.  In the description on the menu it says "hand picked vine ripe tomato."  I didn't know that it would be multiple tomatoes, it only said one! The whole salad was nothing but tomatoes! I must say for a place that has a somewhat nice atmosphere this place had nothing but teenagers as servers....this is not a local pizza parlor, they need to employ more experienced servers because these kids were walking around as if they were confused about everything.  Sad to say I won't be returning here.
5	I had a date on Saturday night with my best girlfriend who I rarely get to see since she lives in Charlotte and I live in Arizona.  We headed to Ilios Noche as she speaks highly of their food and recent renovation... We should have known the place would be packed when we couldn't find a parking space nearby, but we bit the bullet and parked a tad bit further and ran in through the pouring rain.  We had a short wait, but the hostesses were friendly and we were greeted by Stratos himself (of Stratos Restaurant Group who also has Big View Diner and Nolen Kitchen in his portfolio of restaurants).  We entertained ourselves by catching up, people-watching, and then finally, looking at the menu as we prepared for our order.  (The menu is huge by the way, so it was hard for us to narrow down what we wanted... everything sounded amazing from the appetizers , soups, salads, and sandwiches to the entrees , pizzas, pastas, and sides).We were seated at a table in the back after waiting just over 30 minutes or so... and we immediately ordered drinks and a "Traditional Greek Spreads" tasting plate, "Pikilia."  It came out pretty fast (along with whole wheat pita) and we dove right in... I highly recommend all of the spreads, but the Roasted Red Pepper spread was our fave!For our meals, I went with the Greek Country Salad and added lamb and Sloan went for the Capellini & Diver Scallops.  We shared two sides as well: Charred Asparagus and Greek "Fries."  Everything was delicious although I will warn you that if you order the Greek Country Salad, be prepared for lots of red onion!Service was pretty spot on.  Our waiter checked in with us often and refilled our drinks before they got too low.  He also replaced the cocktail napkins several times - gotta love that attention!  There was also a fun, happening vibe in the restaurant yet it wasn't too loud to have an intimate conversation either...If I lived in Charlotte, I'd definitely make Ilios Noche a regular in my lunch/dinner rotation, and I can't wait to try Big View Diner and Nolen Kitchen on future visits as well.
2	My wife and I went back to IDN last weekend and I was kinda bummed to find that the menu had changed (along with the dining room, which was bigger and glitzier) and the experience was overall rather poor.  It felt to me like they had fallen in to the classic restaurant trap - get a little bit of success, overexpand, get out over your skis, cut back on the quality, go out of business.  They're only at step 4, but a drag.  We had the greek salad, very little feta - not good.  Entrees were forgettable.  Oh well.
4	Since our 5-year-old daughter is spending the week with the grandparents, the missus and I are taking advantage of a well-deserved week off from the rigors of parenting a willful, precious and unruly child. So we got ourselves dolled up - if you consider me wearing a 16-year-old yet still fabulous looking black t-shirt courtesy of Banana Republic, a pair of blue jeans and some snazzy-looking brown loafers - and dined here. It had been some time since we'd eaten at Ilios; the times before, we'd enjoyed our dining experience, even if the restaurant was a bit small and often overcrowded.IN has since undergone a renovation. Thankfully, it's expanded dramatically, so no more having to crowd yourself in front of the bar to await your table. There are plenty more tables, along with a few more outside. We would have opted for outdoor dining, but lately the humidity around the CLT has been nothing short of murderous, and I really didn't feel like dining out feeling as if I'd been draped with a wet towel. The former IN had more of a rustic feel; the new IN now sports a more upscale look, not too bright and flashy. Tasteful. Discreet. Nice touces all around.I especially like the look the waitstaff was rocking: a casually wrinkled blue oxford button-up, blue jeans, and Chuck Taylors. Ever one on staff. Pretty cool, if you ask me.One worry I always have when it comes to renovations is whether or not management can resist tinkering with the menu. Good thing very little has changed from the last dine my wife and I dined here. For appetizers, we opted for the calamari - crispy yet never overdone, with some delcious marinara and aoili dipping options - and the tzaziki. Perfect.My wife enjoyed her Greek Country Salad with a nice-sized chicken breast, and I thought my wood-fired Piemonte pizza - prosciutto, fennel sausage, pepperoni, and gorgonzola - was quite tasty. Really, there's no way you can make a bad menu choice here. There's the right balance of authentic, without making too many concessions, and you're not bombarded with TOO many choices. Good menu, really.IN is the right kind of restaurant for a first date or a get-together with friends. Last night must have been Ballantyne/Providence CC Desperate Housewives Night; between the overdressed housewives vamping at the bar, sipping their Sluttinis or whatever fancy and colorful cocktails, and the trio of desperates raving endlessly about  how titilating "Fifty Shades of Grey" is - seriously, has that book become required reading for bored suburban housewives everywhere? - yet bellyaching about all their husbands want to do is have sex with them, and sex is so EWWWWWWWW, well, you won't be bored eavesdropping on their conversations about their First World Problems. Woe is them and their Zumba-fit bodies.(Actually, I think every night is Ballantyne/Providence CC Desperate Housewives Night, so make a reservation and enjoy the sights and sounds.)This place is another winner for the Stratos Restaurant Group, who also own Big View Diner (one of our go-to places) and Nolen. So we'll definitely make it back to Ilios Noche from time to time. You should too.
4	Has lunch. Today's chicken souvlaki was one of the best I have had at Ilios. Keep it up. I like the way they prepare their chicken, very tasty marinade.
2	The food continues to be good. Having said this, service our last 2 times has been less than stellar. Long, long  wait for a lunch time cocktail and this was well after 1 pm. Also again waited a long time for our food to arrive only to discover that the side of Greek fries was luke warm at best. Chicken pannini was tasty as was the Ilios salad with grilled chicken (which also wasn't very hot given it should have just come off the grill). Our server did not help matters as she was cheerful but a bit overbearing and seemed to spend more time chatting with people rather than checking on customers. I am very surprised and disappointed about the total dining experience especially since Stratos is so focused on customer service and doing things right.Date of attendance was 8/29/2012.
1	Loved the food as always but the service was GOD AWFUL!!!!  We had a party of 8 and one of us never got her dinner.  It was like pulling teeth to get anything to our table.  By the end of the meal, we were all so disgusted.  I did take the time later to write the manager to let him know of our disappointment because I beleive they can do better.
4	THEY REMOVED THE MEZE MENU!!!!The Cheap tapas menu was the best kept secret in town prior to the renovation. Yes, it is now an amazingly beautiful restaurant, but you can't argue with value. Great calamari. Greek style ribs nice. Almost everything here is good.  The patio is so much nicer. You can't believe you are in strip mall.....until you walk outside and run into a HT
5	Went here on a Saturday for lunch. Very nice fixtures and furniture; nicely appointed. Cloth napkins and accompanying ambience, but not 'stuffy' at all. There is an outdoor seating area, too, that is covered from sun and weather. Waitstaff was friendly and professional. Not too intrusive, not too scarce; just right. I had the chicken panini with chickpeas on the side. Very good. Also had the "Greek fries" which are basically seasoned fries in an oval shape; they were good. Typical entree is $8-$12. Lunch for two, no dessert, was $30 with tip.
4	Recently tried out Ilos Noche and I was very impressed.  Definitely a great place for date night or even GNO!  I had a chicken pasta which was amazing.  They also had a great wine list.  I loved the atmosphere and bar area.  I would 100% come up and have a few drinks at this bar, seems like a happening place.  We also went on a Saturday night and they had live music! A must try if you haven't been!
5	We went for a surprise bday dinner and the staff could not be any more  accommodating.  Zen, the waiter gave us superb suggestions and guided us to a great experience.  Sad the Bday boy hot his ribs late but things happen and they were so apologetic and treated us to 3 delicious desserts.  Seabass had good flavor and hubby had a Hawaiian fish special.  A bit freaked by all the bones in my fish but it was still a good meal.They do have the spinach pie from the old menu and we will be back for lunch.
1	WE had booked our holiday party 6 weeks ahead for 13 at Ilios and all were really looking forward to it. They had a hostess call less than 2 days before the party to let us know that they couldn't accomodate us. First they said it was a "management function" and then changed the story that someone else booked the room. They did not offer any other accomodations in the restaraunt to make up for this oversight and have left us without a place to hold our party! Very poor customer service- not acceptable!
2	Good, but value isn't there...pricey for what you get, especially in south Charlotte.  Won't be back.
4	Thursday night, 7:45 pm reservation. Place was busy. We survived the friendly bear hug greeting from owner, Stratos. He always makes you feel welcome and appreciated. Our server Lelej was very good and fairly attentive. We weren't too hungry so we shared an Ilios salad, one of our favorite salads anywhere.  We each has the chicken souvlaki with Greek fries-very tasty. A beer and a cocktail and it was a wrap for us. Today's experience was one of the better ones at Ilios-our server helped make that happen.
4	I hadn't been to Ilios Noche since they renovated, but my fella and I decided to go for Sunday brunch.  Their Facebook page, Open Table reservations and Google search page all said they opened at 11:00 a.m. on Sunday, but their website and the brunch menu on their website said 10:00 a.m.  We got there at 10 a.m. on Sunday, and the hours on the outside of the restaurant said they opened at 11:00.  We called from the parking lot to ask what time they really opened, and it took the girl who answered a few minutes to confirm that they did, in fact, open at 10:00.  No wonder we were the only people in there!  Besides that bit of confusion, the breakfast was great.  I loved the new decor; it looks completely different!  The reds, oranges and browns/grays made it feel much cozier than before.  We both got the Ilios breakfast, but I got scrambled eggs and bacon whereas fella got over-well eggs and grilled sausage.  The sausage was almost like a brat - thick and a little spicy.  He loved it, but it was just a smidgen spicy for me for breakfast (but I'm a wimp).  He also loved the fresh-squeezed orange juice.  Talk about going above and beyond!  The breakfast potatoes were out of this world with onions, peppers and garlic.  The panzino toast was uneventful; some jam would've helped, but it was pretty bland on its own.Ilios Noche is a little out of the way for us, but after we got home I read that another location is opening in Quail Corners this spring, which will be much closer to us.  I (and my stomach) can't wait!
5	EXCELLENT! Love this place!  Great upscale neighborhood hotspot that has great food, crowd and ambience!  Love half price bottles on Tuesday!  Everyone I know loves this place.  Food is the best quality!
4	LOVE this place! Amazing food, good drinks, fun atmosphere, and amazing music several nights a week!The crazy lasagna, scallops, or short ribs are my favorites, but truly, you can't go wrong with any choice you make...unless you choose another place to dine.
5	Great service, great lamb, great food. The managers and wait staff are very attentive and helpful..happy to make recommendations.  The lamb dishes, spinach pie, roasted pepper dip and wonderful.  The cocktails are unique and good.  Ok, so we tried the dessert sampler and even the tiramisu .....yum.  Enjoy!
3	2.5 stars.  They're doing something right because the place was packed.  Glad we had reservations.  We actually tried to push back our reservation, but there were very few options other than a VERY late dinner.Food:  Good, but nothing outstanding.  We ordered the goat cheese marinara app, which was tasty, but the goat cheese portion was smaller than the size of a ping pong ball.  Won't order this again.  I ordered the crazy lasagna, which is basically what standard lasagna would look like if you cut a brick out of a large pan and then dropped that brick into a bowl.  It's lasagna all mixed up and not neatly stacked.  The portion size was perfect, maybe even too much and I came ready to eat.  I enjoyed the dish, but it certainly wasn't memorable for its taste.  My wife ordered the veal marsala - she made similar comments.  Good but not great.  Maybe we just ordered the wrong dishes, because, like I wrote above, Ilios Noche was the place to be on Saturday night.  Service:  Our waiter was great when we saw him.  For most of the meal he was appropriately attentive, provided great input on the menu and wine list.  However, as our meal progressed, he became more and more non-existent.  Took a LONG time to get our check at the end of the meal.  I'll give him a pass since the place was so crowded - maybe he had more tables than he could handle, maybe he took a smoke break, etc.  Whatever.Atmosphere:  I heard complaints about the tables being almost on top of each other so that they could cram more parties in at one time, but I didn't really notice that.  Additionally, we were sat at a two person booth.  Perfect for us.  This place is extremely loud, though.  I had a rough time hearing my wife from across the table and she's not exactly know as a soft speaker :)
3	Dined Monday night AT 7 PM. A good crowd dining and at the bar. Had an Ilios salad to start-love this salad; not your standard fare. My wife's flounder was prepared with garlic-not a fan. My pasta with mushrooms, chicken and wide noodles was very flavorful and plentiful. Cocktails were done well, and our server was very pleasant, friendly and efficient. Would have been a 4 star night, but for the garlic in the flounder. Ilios has a bright, fresh look since the re-model-very wise investment.
5	Great serviceGreat food...had the lamb Chops!!Great ambienceBINGO
5	One of our favorites for lunch or dinner.
5	New summer menu, awesome food. We go every week. Service is great, food is very good, wine and beer served nice and cold. Try the saganaki it is by far our favorite ap.
5	Went to dinner last night with friends. Food and waitstaff were awesome. I highly suggest the Tangerine Man drink. I will definitely be back.
2	Food was nothing special. Not much seasoning. They couldn't get my wife's salmon right after two trys!
4	Great ambiance [albeit noisy at dinnertime], nice mix of European dishes, wonderful service. Salmon entree was a little dry, but we ordered other entrees to share that more than made up for it. The Funghi pizza was one of the best I've ever had and I hear their octopus appetizer is to die for [they ran out by the time we got there though unfortunately]. Will definitely revisit the next time I'm in town!
3	This was a great find in the South Charlotte area.  I'm always a bit skeptical of restaurants in strip centers, but I was immediately impressed when I entered the front door.  The ambiance is upscale and elegant, yet perfectly comfortable.  We started with the dip sampler and the smoked eggplant dip blew my mind.  Seriously - I could have made an entire meal out of that and pita.  If I went back I'd pass on the hummus and tzatziki, as neither were anything special in comparison.  For dinner, I stepped out of my comfort zone and tried the Moussaka.  It was an enormous portion!  It was a great mix of savory flavors - eggplants, lamb, potato, and a rich cream.  The other person in my party ordered the Carolina flounder, and was disappointed that it was heavily fried fish.   The accompaniments were listed as artichokes, potatoes, and a compote, yet there was a single quarter sized piece of artichoke, far too many potatoes, and a dime-sized portion of raisin compote.  Despite one disappointing entree, I'd likely return in the future if I was in the area, though probably wouldn't make a special trip for a meal given the phenomenal Charlotte culinary scene.
3	Had lunch (4 of us) Tuesday afternoon; not too crowded. Members of our group really liked the Ilios salad with chicken and the salmon salad. My chicken souvlaki with Greek fries was OK. Fries seemed especially dry, almost seemed re-heated. Still a decent lunch all the way around.
4	Love this restaurant.  Fantastic apps, service, and atmosphere.  My go to with my husband on date night!
1	Ilios Noche tries really hard to be an "upscale" restaurant but they're not. We've eaten there off and on since they've been open years ago. Each time we decide to go back, I'm reminded of why I'm not a regular there. The food is mediocre at best, portions are small, prices are high. Service level inconsistent. We notified management via their website of our poor dining experience the last time we went. I received a message from a manager(?) apologizing profusely, telling me they would be out of town over the weekend but would definitely contact me again Monday. That was weeks ago...I'm still waiting. We're done giving our business to Ilios Noche. Oddly enough, one of the best restaurants in the Ballantyne area for breakfast and desserts is their sister restaurant, Big View. Kudos to them...their management team obviously have it together. Ilios Noche...not so much.
4	Experienced Ilios Noche for the first time last night and they did not disappoint. The atmosphere is great, the service is top notch and the food was unbelievable!  All three owners stopped by our table and introduced themselves and brought us an appetizer on the house for being first timers! Truly a memorable experience!
2	Have been to Ilios a handful of times. I went last night and it has definitely gone down hill. The ceasar salad was below average. I then ordered the Ravioli and Mushroom dish and it was lacking taste with enough cream to feed a small village. My wife ordered the vegetable soup and it was so spicy she just took two bites. My daughter got the Calameretti (sea scallops, gulf shrimp, whitefish, octopus, saffron-tomato broth) - the dish smelled way too fishy and was in a thick tomato paste. Definitely not a broth. At this point would guess we don't go back unless hear from friends that it's back on track...
4	Awesome place to eat. Best place that I have been to so far. Wine was great and service was awesome.
5	I don't ever go down to Ballantyne for dinner, but went to Ilios Noche for a bridal shower and had the BEST experience.  The service was amazing: waiter was extremely attentive and efficient but not annoyingly in your face.  The food was so delicious!  I had the mesclun salad (delish!) and the salmon with giant white beans.  I feel comfortable saying it was the best salmon I've ever had, and I order salmon often.  It was divine!  I had the balsamic glazed berries with basil ice cream for dessert, which some people at the table disliked for being too "strange" but I loved it.  It was light and refreshing.  You should definitely give this place a try!
3	Dined on Veterans Day. Kudos to Ilios for recognizing veterans with a free entree. Surprisingly our server was unaware of this promotion.  All was ok after he checked with management. I had the crazy lasagna, plenty there but for me just ok. Still love their Ilios salad. My wife had a cucumber and tomato salad with grilled chicken. Their chicken is very good. Topped it off with a peach cannoli, excellent.
3	Great food. Not impressed with Management staff.We walked in around 6p on a Sat. night. Even the hottest uptown restaurants keep a few tables for walk ins. The manager had a bit of an attitude because we were a walk in over the weekend. Get over yourself. This isnt NYC. This is freaking Ballentyne!!The place was packed and we sat at the bar. All the food was pretty good - more tapas style. Meatballs were OK, not great. I did get introduced to a lovely Malbac called Llama from the super friendly bartender.I do like the romantic dim lighting atmosphere here, but the manager turned me off enough to lead me to explore other Mediterranean/greek places to find my fav.
5	I loved this place.  We went here the other night and everything was great.  We went on a Friday and it was crazy busy.  We had made reservations thankfully and I recommend doing that if you decide to go on a Fri/Sat.  There was live music playing and it was so nice.  The inside is decorated really nice and I like the ambiance a lot.  They have a great menu for cocktails I ordered the Tambourine Man one (I think that was the name) and it was really good.  We skipped the appetizer and planned ahead for ordering a dessert.  The menu is huge - there are so many options, but they all make sense and they mostly sound pretty good!  I ordered the fig pizza and it was delicious.  My husband got the lasagna and that was really good too.  I also tasted a friend's lemon chicken dish and I loved that as well!  Good food for everyone!For dessert, we split the bittersweet chocolate with sorbet.  It was such a nice flavor combo.  I'm not usually a chocolate person, but our waiter recommended this dessert to us, so we decided to give it a try.
2	I know people who like this place, in fact a few of my close friends think this is their favorite place. Me - no. It's not that great. I had a flat bread type pizza for lunch that was covered in some greens - I mean COVERED ! haha. Now I didn't think much of it until I got about half way through - I started thinking to myself - "Self, is this any better than the flat bread pizza I had the other day at Chili's?" Well - sadly the answer was "No self. No self it is not."So if you can't do better than Chili's why am I going here? This was the second visit. The other time was not any better. Some people like it though - so you might just be 'one of THOSE' people. haha
5	Always good. And they reopened. Much better. Diver's Scallops and chick peas. Who would have thought. But they were great. My girls Loved the cheese pizza. Truth be told I thought it was quite good as well.
5	Delicious food. BeAutiful atmosphere. Wonderful wait staff. I had the Mediterranean spreads (all four) and my friends had the salmon sandwich and the grilled chicken pita. Everything was absolutely delicious. My new favorite spot!!
5	This place is  diamond in the rough. You would never guess that you would find wonderful food and service in a shopping center. I have been going here for years and have tried almost everything on the menu and you can't go wrong with anything! Freshest ingredients in town and they offer a very unique menu...there is something for everyone. Ilios Noche is a place for any occasion and I would highly recommend it!
4	This is a nice Italian/greek sort of place. The decor is nicely done without being over done and the food and service are great. I had a grilled chicken sandwich and mom and sis had salads along with a sort if spinach thinger wraped in filo dough. Sis is mostly vegan and she was happy with it and eats there quite a bit. I'm a confirmed carnivore and I liked it too. So it'll probably do for everyone. It was a little on the expensive side but not outrageous and the food and service were worth it.
5	We went to Ilios Noche over the weekend and had a great time.The restaurant was busy with lots of laughter in the air.My daughter and her boyfriend were going their on a satty hawkins date (she's 15).My wife and I also went separate to grab a bite at the bar and pay for their meal.We had made reservations for them and they were seated promptly.They had a Great time and were treated like gold..Thanks you so much Ilios Noche.Sometimes teen at nice restaurant dont really get the deserved service.There was a full bar so my wife and I ordered some wine to enjoy in the seating area.We put our name in and were told the wait could be up to 2 hrs...it is what it is at nice restaurants on a Sat. night.I asked for the manager "Patrick" to let him know we would be taking care of my daughters bill.He laughed and thought the whole thing was cute.To our delight he was able to get us seated fairly quickly and NOT next to my daughters table.The whole experience was perfect...my daughter and her boyfriend had a Great time...we had a Great meal with first class sevice...AND once again I appreciate that Ilios and the team helped to accommodate our family...What a Rock Star of a manager!!We will certainly be back and would reccomend this restaurant to anyone.The atmosphere is wonderful and the food terriffic.I will say that the thing that put us over the Top was the way the staff made us feel like REAL Guests!Thanks again.
4	I enjoyed all meals except the salmon. The salmon was overcooked and was heavily flavored with onion seasoning. Fresh fish should not be over seasoned, especially  not with onions :(The staff is great!!! The atmosphere is great!!!
4	Excellent food and prices were reasonable at Ilion Noche when ordering from appetizer and salad menu which is all we wanted. We ordered chicken nuggets and a pasta dish for my 2 yr old and 4 yr old grandchildren and they devoured all of it.  Our servers were attentive and friendly from the minute we walked in the door.  The meatball appetizer was utterly delicious and my favorite was their small serving of goat cheese in a tantalizing tomato sauce served with toasted/seasoned bread triangles (not pita). Yum!  My salad, greens with toasted pecans and feta was tossed with a delightfully light lemon vinaigrette.  I plan to dine here again when in Charlotte.
3	Overpriced for what it is. Not a bad experience, but not as special as they seem to think they are. I don't see any reason to go back, but it certainly wasn't bad.
4	Good Greek food overall.  Good staff. Nice drink menu and fairly priced. The appetizers are a bit of a let down, wish they had good flaming cheese. The lamb pie entree is amazing good!
1	oh geez!  left over lamb from the weekend I guess, for the special, 4-29-14.  Terrible! with pasta, red pepper, asparagus, etc. I did not taste any of those. Lamb was garbage leftover little chunks.  Absolutely awful!!! I was too tired to complain.   Last 2 times we went there, Not good!  Scallop appetizer, ok..  not as good as it used to be.Arugala salad with melon. My husband made the mistake of ordering arugala.   Too bitter, maybe 1" of melon.  Not enough to even know it was in there.  How much does a little pc. of melon cost?  awful!  No bread. $ 91.00  plus tip, $100.00+  and I had to go home and eat.
2	We've been regulars for years. We were fond of the place and of the staff. It was a great neighborhood gem.  And then it was "discovered."    The scene on a recent Friday night included a live band with amps cranked to stadium level.  It's been difficult enough to hold a conversation on a regular night due to the noise level.  The music might have been decent, but who could tell as nothing, and I mean NOTHING, except for the table of screeching drunks, was audible over the drums.Add in the smirking creepy old guy groping his very young female escort (crotch-length skin-tight dress) - well, you get the picture.  This is okay for a bar or club, but not a white tablecloth restaurant. The food is good, but not good enough to counterbalance the noise and the raucous crowds. Also, reservation times are not honored (add 15-30min).  We're giving up on this one.
4	Fantastic food, service was disappointing. The hostess wasn't friendly at all and the waiter simply wasn't tuned in - the whole section was continuously looking for him. But again - fantastic food!
5	Ilios Noches not only has excellent authentic Mediterranean inspired  food but they have excellent service and enthusiastic customers. I love their vegetarian selections as well as their meat and seafood. My teenage son went recently with a group and they were treated like royalty and made to feel very special. I am so lucky that Ilios Noches is right down the street from me. It is great for both lunch and dinner! Love this place!
5	Our favorite restaurant in south Charlotte. Ilios Noche has a fantastic lunch and dinner menu that offers great variety.  Everything is delicious and the staff is extremely friendly. Just be warned it can get really crowded for dinner on the weekends so plan ahead!
4	We have now visited Ilios Noche twice and have to say its been really good both times we have gone. We walked in early with no reservation and were seated right away. Service was excellent- friendly, accommodating and attentive. To start we shared the hummus plate, sizzling shrimp and grilled octopus. All were delicious. My husband had the chicken under a brick and I had the Greek spare ribs. The ribs were falling off the bone and fantastic. They come with these really thin sliced potato fries which were nice and crispy. The chicken was really flavorful and moist. We finished off with the baklava dessert. All in all we have had consistently good meals here and would definitely return.
5	Just had lunch there today.  Johanna was our waitress.  I have never seen her before and eat there quite frequently.  All I can say is "Wow."  She is top notch in every way.  She radiates friendliness.  Plus she is an excellent server.  I will be sure to request her next time.  The food, as always, was great.  Today's special was cream of cauliflower soup.  I have never had that before.  It was the best soup I have ever eaten.  Delicious!   They should put it on the menu.
5	I highly recommend letting Ilios host your next event! I attended a surprise party hosted here over the weekend for my dear friend's birthday and WOW was I blown away!! Ilios now has a separate area you can hold a private party in. On our arrival there were servers greeting us with wine. The apps were amazing as always and to deliver 24 entrees so close together was awesome!! We all enjoyed ourselves so much and Thank You Ilios for making the evening so special!!
2	Unbelievable food consistently served by servers that are rude and arrogant.  The bar staff, in particular, is borderline abusive and give terrible service.  After several experiences over 18 months, and in spite of their great menu, I will avoid it all costs.
5	My husband, son, and I come here regularly for lunch and dinner. We really love the food here. I don't think we've had a bad thing. Our favorites are the calamari, the red pepper dip, zucchini and eggplant chips, Greek fries, lasagna, harvester pizza and chickpea salad. The spinach pie is incredible, too. I love ordering a salad with spinach pie on the side. The staff is so nice and really accommodating when we bring our little boy with us. The hostesses always seat us at a table where we'd be comfortable and have enough room for the high chair and, sometimes, stroller. Tuesday is half off bottles of wine and they have a good selection, although I do wish they'd include the reserve wines since half off of what the restaurant charges is the markup if I were to buy the bottle at a shop myself. We like to take out of town guests here and they always enjoy it.
5	I haven't been to this restraunt for a while.  I must say I was pleasantly surprised at the transformation!!  A VERY nice expansion and redecorating!  We were seated upon arrival and our waitress was very attentive.  She brought our drinks in a timely manner along with our Goat cheese dip appetizer which was amazing!   I ordered the Brick Pressed Chicken...was very delicious and moist.  My daughter got the Margarita pizza and salad...very nicely flavored.  Our water glasses were filled several times.  I will definitely be going back for a date night meal with my husband!!!
4	Awesome place awesome food awesome music, what a great place since they expanded. A must place for a night out on Friday or Saturday.
1	After seven years living in Charlotte and always looking for a place that cooks what they say is their specialty, again, the same problem that I've encountered in many other restaurants here in Charlotte, Ilios Noche lived to my personal observation, neither Greek nor Italian, from the appetizer Saganaki, -C, salad $7.50 very small and underdressed, then the entrees came, preparation and visual failed miserably, my husband ordered Moussaka, it was served cold, what a mess, the only thing Greek in that dish was the spelling, I made the mistake in ordering the Greek style pork ribs, wow, the seasoning was so minimal, no enough salt and pepper and a few oregano leaves, it should have been marinated in lemon, olive oil, plenty of garlic and oregano with grated Roma tomatoes and grilled and smothered with in their juice, served on a bed of rice/potatoes and roasted vegetables, no that thing they served me, the portion was enormous, who eat that much meat. I took it home, I have a dog that loves meat and not as informed in world cuisine.  In our way home I stopped in a store for while and when I got back to car the smell was so bad that I thought not even my dog was going to eat it, I was wrong, he is a dog and he ate it, I guess that was the only complimentary critique of this meal, and what I don't understand is, why don't they have salt and pepper shakers on the table, believe me, it may help, then, have their chefs travel, all expenses paid, to Greece for cooking lessons, and then, maybe then, they will deserve to get paid for what they are serving, just saying.....one star for ambience.
5	The food and service here are always fantastic. It's sometimes hard to get a table on weekend nights, so I recommend calling ahead for a reservation. Live music on weekends is always enjoyable and the atmosphere is great. It's not overly fancy. I wouldn't feel comfortable walking in wearing jeans and a tshirt, but have seen some pretty casual diners there.I love the pizzas, but you can't go wrong with any menu selection. Enjoy!
4	Great modern twist on classic Greek.  Everything was yummy.  We'll be back.
5	Ilios Noche continues to be a top choice in my Charlotte dining routine.  The menu choices are clever and service is generally very good. The bar area is one of my favorite spots to catch up with neighborhood friends.The recent expansion and renovation of the restaurant is simply beautiful.Some of  my favorite menu items that are consistently good include the flatbread pizzas, grilled octopus, Ilios salad and the greek style pork ribs.My kids love the food here as well and insist on getting their own grilled octopus appetizers each. Very friendly and welcoming staff. My go-to neighborhood Mediterranean restaurant!
