5	I still don't understand the magic of Olympico. Everybody in Montreal knows the place. The crowd is a mix of artists, intellectuals, students,... and soccer aficionados. The speak Italian, French and English. The walls are covered by sport related artifacts, and Vito knows 85% of his customers' names. That day where I made it to the list is still one of the happiest of my life. Now, I can walk in the Olympico, knowing that someone will scream "Salut Christine! Un latte pour emporter? Un sucre?" Vito knows his shit. Situated in the Mile-End (the trendiest neighborhood of Montreal... beginning to look a little bit too much like Williamsburg to my own taste...) it's definitely worth the detour. Come during the weekend, in the morning on weekdays or during a sport championship of some sort for a typical experience!!! :)
5	Best coffee in town, plus you can bring food from outside to eat here, what more could you ask for?Oh, if you're a fan of Italian league soccer, there is always something playing!
5	Best coffee in town!
5	Really, their coffee is wonderful.  Everything is made the way I like it, lattes in a glass, everyone knows each other, very chill, very comfortable atmosphere.  And the TV behind the bar show league soccer.  I love it.
5	By far the best coffee in town. Where else will you see a 50+ people line to get coffee in the middle of the day?? And this is 5 miles away from nearest business district, so no starbucks type hype here. Also check out their tiramisu - you will love it
5	Best coffee in Montreal. Real local experience. Vito and Vince are always happy to see you.
5	Best coffee in Montreal and definitely one of the best coffee houses in North America. Doesn't get any better unless you travel to Argentina or Europe. I also love their outdoor bench like seating that's wonderful during the warmer days of spring / summer. Only problem is this place is so popular with the locals you never want to leave once you score a seat after someone leaves.
4	Have you ever had a coffee that's so good that it makes you forget how to describe it when you finally start writing the review?Neither have I, but the coffee here is seriously good.
4	This is one of the busiest espresso bars I have ever experienced and for good reason. First of all, it is unabashedly Italian in every way - no chain or mixed messages here. It is emblazoned with Italian soccer flags and TVs are set on soccer. The staff is all Italian and they take pride in their work. With a line of 20 to 30 curling around the pool table (??), the barista calls out for advanced orders - be ready or get the evil eye! It's easy to order, they only serve classic Italian preparations: iced blended coffee drinks should look elsewhere. They crank it out fast and well on two 3-group FAEMA Non-Stops and serve it in the right drinkware. Go to the standup bar or sit at the small tables or go linger on the terrace. At Olimpico you get the best espresso drink in Montreal and a short trip to Italy all in one.
4	Quick service and good espresso - doesn't have a great food selection, but thats not what they're trying to do. It has a unique feel, but doesn't quite do it for me in terms of comfort. A few couches, more comfortable chairs and tables on the patio would be welcome. But all in all a great place that fits its neighborhood. A macchiato on the patio on a sunny day and a good conversation - who could ask for more?
1	There is nothing worse for me than walking significantly out of my way for a cup of coffee only to find something altogether overly hyped and remarkably mediocre.  There are some really nice places in Montreal for excellent coffee, and this simply doesn't compare.  It's little more than a sports bar with an incredibly effective word of mouth campaign.The espresso itself violates all laws of good preparation.  It isn't ground fresh for each shot, which is an instant red flag.  The baristas use not only grounds that have been sitting in the doser for several minutes, but even those that have fallen into the mountain of grounds sitting beneath the grinder.  The espresso sits alone in the glass for quite a while before the steamed milk is added, which degrades the aromatics and allows the crema to dissipate.  The milk itself is 'resteamed', which means new milk is poured into batches of already steamed milk and steamed again, which adds off-flavors and denatures proteins, preventing the development of quality microfoam, and it is a technique commonly associated with places like Starbucks that focus more on pushing customers through the door than on quality.  More than that, it isn't steamed in traditional latte or cappuccino pitchers, but in containers that could not possibly produce the vortex necessary to properly incorporate air into the steamed milk, and it shows in the product, a completely separated pitcher of hot milk topped with a poor macrofoam that shouldn't even be used for cappuccinos.  The espresso I received there had a thin film of crema that rapidly disappeared. I was nearly incapable of finishing it, let alone enjoying it.  It was a shot that any self-respecting third wave coffee shop would immediately pour down the drain and prepare again.I can't stress enough that this place, far from being 'one of the best coffee shops in North America', can't even compete with many chain establishments in Montreal in terms of coffee quality.  If you want to go there for the ambiance, go right ahead, but don't go there with the assumption that you will receive a decent cup of coffee.  It is unfortunate that this coffee shop has received so much positive feedback as it may be under the illusion that it's actually doing something right.
5	Is it the most pristine cafe? No. Is it a quiet, trendy atmosphere? No. Does it have the best espresso, most interesting mix of people, and terrasse that inspires imaginative novels within anyone who can't string a verb and a noun together? YES! It's da best. And open da night. What more do you want?
4	Fantastic espresso + open late night = win.Strong shot with the perfect amount of crema. I can't really justify 5 stars, but it's pretty damn close. There wasn't quite the depth of flavor that I've found in espressos from Stumptown or Four Barrel, but almost.Classic sports bar turned coffee shop. Kinda strange, but pretty awesome. I miss the late night coffee shops...SF really lacks them. A great spot to chill with a friend if you don't feel like dealing with the pretentious atmosphere so ever-present in many coffee shops. And yes, I realize the rest of this review is fairly pretentious, but I can't help it if coffee has become the nectar that guides me through life.
5	The coffee bar formerly known as Open Da Night (although you can still find die-hards around that continue to call it by that name, or variations upon it, like "Open D"), has lost some of its former ramshackle charm to renovations (they survived a devastating fire), and their prices have crept up steadily over the years (their lattes were still just $1.50 a few years ago), but they still make one of the most satisfying old-school lattes in town and the ambiance can be pure theater at times (actually, pretty much all the time).One of the quintessential Mile End hangouts, and one of the most animated places in Montreal to watch World Cup and European Cup soccer action.
5	Best coffee in town. Friendly staff and free wifi! Large cafe with plenty of seating and non-pretentious atmosphere. Good prices, $2.50 for a cappuccino.
5	Best coffee ever. And I don't even like coffee.That's all I'm going to say.
4	this place was highly reccomended by many servers in many restraunts in montreal and by the concierge at the hotel i was staying at for the week. a nice bus ride out of the downtown core and into the upper end of Montreal's Mile End neighborhood - a nice neighborhood cafe. the line moved very fast and the morning cappucino i had was very well made - the cafe was just right - not bitter and very smooth - and gave me the morning boost i needed. they got skills. very laid back and the outdoor seating and the eccentric neighborhood feel - made it a memorable start to the day. the biscotti was ok - kind of stale - so i'd stick to the cafe drinks. prices are also not too bad. wifi - i don't think they had free wifi but you can probably connect to someone willing to share their internet connection in the neighborhood if your lucky.i reccommend if you are taking the bus or the subway and its not winter to rent one of the bixi bikes and bike here since it is a little over 1/2 a mile... unless your in the mood for a nice walk.
5	An institution in the fine city of Montreal, Olimpico is to coffee as Schwartz is to meat. No frills, no soy milk, no bamboo benches, no yuppie mums -- this is the best of Montreal. The line is long, the hipsters are plentiful, the owners are Italian and the options are pure. Strong, smooth and a perfect crema - this is real coffee. It's what we all wait for.
4	What a cool cafe!  I stopped in here for a tea and to catch the end of a US Open match and marveled at the fact that in the 1.5 hrs that I sat there, the lineup was always consistently long.  My wife said the coffee was indeed excellent so I guess we stumbled into the right place.  Big screen TVs, free wireless, good tea and coffee... what's not to like!
5	Fantastic iced espresso. I ordered it in the local language: Cold one, for here. You're on an edgy plane here. The patrons are tres cool. And here's some insider's knowledge: It's a sports bar.
4	Hipsterville, great espresso, 7 types of biscotti, noisy.  Trendy neighborhood.
5	Simply fabulous, cool, hot! I try not to go on sundays due to the long lines, but it moves quickly. Oh and truly Italian coffee quality! No ma, veramente!
5	Absolutely delicious lattes, great old-school atmosphere, fun people watching, and fun/unique, though sometimes awkwardly configured outdoor seating.  Stop, Savor, Repeat.
5	Not much to say about this place that hasn't already been said. It's a big, open old-school coffee house. Italian owned and run, so you know the coffee is 1st rate. I go there all hours of the day for a latte or espresso to go, and the biscotti are pretty good. Probably the best spot in the Mile End for coffee.
5	Best cappuccino I've had outside of Italy. A great patio to sit on when the sun is out. Fast service. Someone actually pulling espresso shots. Hey starbucks! This is how you do coffee!
5	This is another one of those neighborhood gems, I have been going here over the past 15 years, the place makes one of the best lattes available, located on the very trendy St Viateur street in the mile end.  This has always been a great place for people and families and friends to sit and enjoy each others company while enjoying the "Italian social club atmosphere".  On a recent stop I was starving and pulled in front in a panic to get some some food between errands.  I looked pleadingly into the eyes of the man behind the counter and said, I need a food, can you make me a sandwich, whatever you like is fine.  He rambled off some instructions to a nice man behind the counter and informed me that I would surely get a ticket, (parking is not the best around there and it was rush hour), so he suggested I circle the block and he would bring me my sandwich.  They are really nice and the sandwich he made was one of the best panninies I ever had (yes I was starving but I still know the difference)crunchy on the outside but warm and tender on the inside, perfectly grilled with really good fresh prosciutto, some chesse and the best and suprisingly hot roasted pepper and tomato.  I wanted to say a big thank you and point out how simple it can be to make someone's day when you care about your customers.  gracie
5	If dark roasted, Italian (speaking) espresso is your thing, Olimpico is the place for you. Crazy fun place. Great guys manning the joint. Low prices. Open early and late. CASH ONLY!Nice selection of pastries and biscotti. Now serving gelato! BIG terrace.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
1	After hearing bad reviews about the staff, I still made the long trek from Verdun to get a great espresso pull. I entered around 3pm to see about 10 people in line and 15 or so sitting around the tables. I was immediately told to leave and that they were closing (after he let the local that held the door for me get in line). I told him I was in town from the US and was really looking forward to trying their coffee, had come over from Verdun, and would take my coffee to go. He very rudely told me that he has been working since 11am by himself and if I were in his shoes, I would understand. After pleading again, I was told to just leave. While I like to sympathize with people, working a 4 hour shift as a barista is most certainly not an excuse for being flat-out dismissive of your customers. That, sir, earns your business a poor rating on all the review sites I belong to. Should have listened to the others.
4	Great place to "stop and have a coffee." I mean, it's perfect for a date, catching up with friends, or just do some people watching.Personally, I prefer the place during the warmer months when the terrace is open, but it's still a nice place to drop into and warm up during the colder ones. It can, however, be tough to get a table inside when the terrace is closed.
4	Really great espresso drinks.  The latte (perfect balance of espresso, milk, and foam) is my personal favorite but their regular coffee is very good, as well.  The coffee is full-bodied with a good aroma.  It's a good place to people-watch, if you can find outdoor seating on a warm day.  Prices are pretty inexpensive, too.
5	Another great coffee place in Montreal. I tried both a macchiato and a latte, and would go back for more at the drop of a hat. The place was loud, but not in a bad way. It's just not the kind of place you'd go if you want to have some "alone time", or a quite D&M (Deep & Meaningful) with a friend - it doesn't even try to be that kind of place, and I like that.If you want to have a get together with a big bunch of friends, watch some football (European-style, not your strange North American-style!), and have a great coffee, then go to OlimpicoI didn't see much in the way of food, just small things which go well with coffee - again, this place doesn't try to be anything other than a great coffee spot.There was a wifi network, but I didn't use it, so don't know how good it is.
5	If you are looking for the best-creamy-latte in town, this is your place. Biscotti are also very good.
5	The coffee is really good!On a hot day you ask for "a cold one"!!
2	Ooppsy! colour me embarrassed, it seems that the cafe I meant to yelp is actually called the social club and is one block over but looks the same.I guess I never knew the name and assumed that the one that showed up here under Social club st viateur was the only one but..,  it' s not the same.I have tried both and the main difference is that the Olimpico, is mostly just coffee and they don't have those scrumptious sandwiches, I will be heading up there tomorrow and should be able to sort it all out.....to be contiued da da da
4	Pool, swarthy, manly baristos who pull stiff coffee drinks from their lovingly abused beast of an espresso machine, a sunny stone courtyard with tree stumps and odd benches where locals squeeze their bums together smoking outside, even in the bitter cold. A Mile End Montreal institution. Olimpico serves what may be the epitome of Montreal lattes - there are lots of other good similar ones, but you get the sense while you're there that to bother with any other would be a ridiculous waste of time. If you are postering, just ask at the counter if you can put your materials up outside, last time I was doing this they stamped the poster so it didn't get pulled down until after the event was over, which I thought was  sweet move.
5	great no frills cafe.  outdoor seating is great, indoor tables are fantastic for gnoshing bagels from down the block.  i knocked back iced latte after iced latte while in from outta town visiting -  great find.
2	I asked for soy because I'm lactose intolerant and the barista was extremely snooty and rude about it ("We don't *do* that."). The guy's ego was almost as big as his moustache.  I guess I get that it's a 'no frills' place/coffee purist destination/whatever, but there's really no need to alienate me because I have an intestinal condition.
5	This place is about as hipster as you can get and seems to be one of those places where if you don't know what you want, you won't receive good service.  If you're looking for a nice quiet cafe, then this is probably not the place for you.  The smell of smoke wafting inside the cafe gave my wife a headache along with all the noise.  We showed up on a day where neither my wife or I were feeling like being around a lot of people.  With that being said, if I lived here, I think I would be here often.Based on coffee alone, this place is one of the best I've had.  We both got mochaccinos and they were rich and full-bodied deliciousness.  Our curly moustachioed barista gave them a nice presentation as well as he poured the steamed milk in front of us into tall clear glasses.  The loud atmosphere wouldn't always be my style, but it would be a great place for people watching.  Even if I wasn't in the mood to hang out there, I could drink coffee from this place every day.
5	Olimpico - once known only colloquially as Open da night - is simply THE legendary coffee place in Montreal. It's quirky, the non-coffee menu is limited, service is idiosyncratic though friendly, and it definitely doesn't conform to the standards of trendy coffee chains. In fact it far exceeds their standards in every way. Olimpico just drips authenticity, and that plus GREAT coffee brings people back in droves every day of the week.
4	Great coffee. Real authentic Italian coffee house, the service is full on - had 22 people in line in front of me and I was out of there in 7min. WOW!The kind of place I will head to watch the Eurocup, if Italy is in the final! Nothing very sophisticated but a real classic.
2	The coffee is great ...The staff is really hurtful... I mean i told him i wanted two ice coffees... And he gave me two hot coffees .. So i said he was wrong  and that guy with the mustach started to curse me (in intalian i guess) REAALLLY??!I should have give them 5stars if the staff were really really nicer ...
3	Oh well... The coffee is consistently good. The staff has an attitude that adds color to the place if you're not the target of their quirky temper. And the overall vibe is good, even though the place is very, very dark.If you've got friends there or enjoy the whole Mile-End hipster-on-a-budget scene, then the inevitable lineups might be worth your time. Otherwise, do come in as early as you can.
4	Thought this place was funny. I'm not even sure what I had, but I had wanted a regular iced espresso. Problem is they don't have ice cubes, that was a first for me. I also wanted a regular coffee, but they only have espresso. Also a first. Guess they don't do much here, but at least they have seemed to have mastered the art of espresso. They also seem to have quite a following as its a busy place, and its also in a nice neighborhood. Will be back, but maybe in winter and not on a 90 degree day.
5	Great coffee! It is a hipster place and can be very fun to meet someone at. I went with my aunts and Mom. We all enjoyed the coffee and had some good laughs.
4	Look out for the legit dude with the perfectly manicured handle bar mustache. Too legit to quite.I had the perfect cafe latte.My boyfriend said his espresso could have had a richer crema layer. Maybe he is more hipster than I thought he was? Don't knock it before you try it.
5	So far, the best coffee I've had in Montreal so far. It's always busy. An old school Italian coffee shop. Great patio on a sunny day.
5	Lived upto great reviews on Yelp.Fast moving line ... Nothing fancy in seating area but loved the old Italian look and feel to the interior (dark wood).Fantastic cappuccino with a fresh scone. Shame no butter or jam.Very much a hipster kinda place with no pretentiousness ... That's a big plus.Definitely worth a visit.
5	This is as close you can get to a real italian coffee bar. It's not a third wave coffee shop. Nobody will serve you a chemex with coffee roasted yesterday, and you will not have any cupping sessions. It is also the complete opposite of Starbucks. Nobody will care if you're lactose intolerant here, just drink your espresso black, it's great as it is. Ain't no time to be bothered with skimmed milk when we all know most of you will eat a sugary pastry with it. You get in line and you better know what you need and you better keep it simple. That's what I love about this place.
2	The espresso is very good. But I won't be back. Why? The guy who made my espresso couldn't be any more obnoxious. Geez. First he tells me I'm standing to far from the counter and that I have to stand closer if I want to order. Ok, I take a step forward. Apparently, I wasn't in the right place. I had to take three steps to where the line begins. Stupid me for thinking I could cut in front of... Nobody.
5	Really good latte. It didn't sit on my stomach!
4	One of the best coffees I've ever drank in my life. I ordered a double espresso and it tasted wonderful. I often have the problem where the coffee doesn't have a full enough flavor and tastes sweet, not here! It was strong, full, and delicious. A nice touch was the huge amount of outdoor seating, it was an awesome place to spend our Sunday morning people watching.
5	Hot chocolates were great. Warmed us up after stroll in cold rain
5	I have ridiculous love and standards for italian coffee, even though I'm not italian. Cafe Olimpico keps to the true coffee bar style, and got us our orders fast. My friend loved his drink so much, he's keeps looking for something like it wherever we go. Very cozy inside, and it made me unbelievably happy to see the football flags up everywhere. As everyone else has said, the patio is excellent, but it was raining when we were there so we didn't get to enjoy it.
2	Used to love this place. But the coffee has declined, is near awful now. (...I don't understand the recent reviews saying the coffee is good -- it really isn't...) Also, it used to be seedy in a delightful way, but is now just a drab sports-bar-type place. The only remaining charm comes from its function as a neighborhood social hub.Tip:-they are relaxed enough that you can bring bagels in, and eat with your coffee. You'll make a mess, but just clean up afterwards.-if you *want* to watch the game with a coffee, this might be your place.
5	Love this place.Fantastic espresso, cappuccino, or their unique, proprietary cafe crema imported from Italy (similar to coffee ice cream). Tremendous ambience with indoor and outdoor bench seating. The place is abuzz with energy, friendly and great staff, and is a wonderful people watching spot in the heart of Mile End. Muah.
4	Crushing around Milevend after a rough hike (I took the wrong bus and had to walk an hour and a half back) I yelp'd and found Cafe Olimpico. I loved the place! If you've ever been to the famous 'Bill and Toni's' in Sydney, Australia you'll feel right at home home! Solidly authentic Italian Cafe with outstanding coffee and all those lovely, irrestible cakes and biscuits you find in Italian cafe bars. Outstanding terasse for lounging in the sun and excellent fast and free wifi. Not at all expensive, friendly staff, relaxed and enjoyable. If you want to chill for a few hours, surf the net, chat with mates, this is the place for you!
5	What a vibe! I totally loved it here.I started with an allongee with milk - an extra kiss of milk for me - & slice of lemon cake. Sat, drank in the ambiance. It's truly a slice of life - piece of Montreal history. This is the place to be a fly on the wall.Great people watching inside & out.Stayed for a Cafe Latte and nougat, there was eye-candy too, the 2 young fellows manning the counter were delicious to behold. Hmmm . . .Great value, I'll be back; again & again.
5	You have to try this place! It's a must!I like the coffee and the atmosphere. Everything in this place is perfect!
5	Delicious espresso !
4	I wish I could have loved this place, but I feel it was too hyped up. The atmosphere was great, but where they fell flat was their product. I got a caffe freddo, which filled up 3/4ths of a small plastic cup. It was a coffee icee. I don't know what I was expecting exactly, but maybe that's because I've only seen Peets freddos, which tend to be large and sugary. Anyway, perhaps this was my fault and I should have stuck with some of the classics. Still, for two dollars this was a huge ripoff.
5	Best coffee in Montreal and probably in Canada. The patio is amazing and the environment is super relaxed. I moved away from Montreal a year ago for work and this place is what I miss the most. There's a regular-status hierarchy you'll have to get used to, as you'll probably be served after people behind you in line. But it's worth the wait.
4	Beautiful men are a dime a dozen in Montreal, but Cafe Olimpico attracts a certain type of hyper-masculine, futball-lovin', solid & broad, tall dark 'n handsome mec that is a cut above the average beefcake spotted around the city. Grab a delicious cappuccino or espresso and hang out on the patio on a warm summer's day, or grab a seat inside, and watch the menfolk stroll in and out with steaming beverages in hand. You will not be disappointed.
5	What more can I say about Olimpico? Do you want the best coffee in Montreal? Come get it from Olimpico.
4	Seriously amazing espresso.  Their drinks are amazing....the rest of it, I could take or leave.  They have a relaxing patio to sit and enjoy an espresso.  You will need it if you go on a Saturday and have to wait 20 deep for a drink, while dealing with the surly staff.It was a great place during the week, I would avoid on the weekends.
5	Polite, friendly staff. Great coffee and sports on in the background. Can't complain.
5	Exceptional coffee beverages....lattes done just right. No wonder there's a massive queue (no worries, it moves fast). Also, they've got ample indoor seating and a patio too. I noticed garcon carrying a tray of fresh-baked croissants; I regret not ordering one--they looked pro. Ditto the mini donuts at the front counter, one of which was maple bacon (!)...why oh why didn't I buy one?Food regret. Is there anything worse? ;)
5	My favourite spot is still great after all these years. Coffee is so fresh it hurts! Be forewarned that it gets crowded around 11 and stays that way all day. If you don't mind squeezing in between the other patrons, this is the best cafe in town and attracts a very interesting crowd too.
5	Stopped in for a cappuccino. Pretty busy! casual and friendly. A spot where I would hang out if I lived in the area. The drinks were great. Best we had in Montreal. They also had some beignet/donuts which looked delicious. Next time! Free Wi-Fi and nice outside seating also available.
5	A must stop on our weekend cycling route.  Always packed, great coffees ( ice coffees as well) good place to watch soccer on weekends
4	Cool friendly place, nice staff and excellent espresso, however they really would benefit from using soymilk for us lactose intolerant people otherwise it's just doubleshot or americano.
5	Olimpico "Open Da Night" - the legend is the sign read "Open Day & Night", the Y and the ampersand fell off and they did not bother to replace the sign! Poor business maintenance or GENIUS marketing ploy you ask?On a sunny warm day, heck on a sunny day, season dont matter, this place will be packed on weekends between sunrise and sundown! Grabbing an outdoor patio spot is KEY for its precious real estate. I only get the latte's here ( one sugar), not because I not open to trying new things. On the contrary, when you have found something so awesome and perfect, why...pourquoi mess with perfection?Arcade Fire hangs out here blah blah blah whoopity doo. Never ran into them here, couldnt care less, the quality of the coffee speaks for itself!
5	I plan to be back this week once back in town. Olimpico - great spot all year round. Summer time - killer outdoor terraceThis spot will also light up and grow quite chaotic yet fun this summer during World Cup. Big screens will surely be mounted inside and out. Oh yea, GREAT coffee btw - hehe. And the dudes preparing the coffee here know exactly what they are doing and don't forget a name !
5	I love Olimpico. It hands down my favourite coffee shop in the city for multiple reasons:1. Sexy, Italian baristas2. No bullshit coffee -- get your filtered coffee, soy lattes, tea etc. elsewhere. 3. You're always bound to see a friendly face.4. Fast service5. It's affordable... I enjoy third wave coffee shops as much as the next person but my wallet dislikes forking $5 each time I want a latte. Here, it's $2.506. It rules St. Viateur in the summer time (and all those other seasons).7. Their ice coffee is *muah* delicious.8. Everyone that goes here is good looking. I'm not kidding! I never see any ugly people here. 9. That terrace! It's where all the sun dwellers go. 10. Their coffee is laced with the tears of Pope Francis.
5	Best cafe in Montreal! Extremely popular but worth the wait. Cafe Frededo latte is tasty( I don't like very sweet, and this coffee is just bittersweet)  and the decor is very cozy
5	I didn't really drink coffee before.  And then I visited Cafe Olimpico to watch a soccer game on their big screen. The rest is history...
5	Cafe Olimpico represents a cornerstone of Mille end Montreal!  Every great urban neighbourhood needs a great coffee bar/hangout/local establishment/place to watch Habs games/place to watch World Cup or Euro football. Donald Trump is a fervent preacher of location...location...location!  You can't get a better street corner location in the heart of Mille End (quickly becoming one of my favourite neighbourhoods)!  On this fine spring day I came here after a lunch down the street and wanted to pop in for a Cap (Cappuccino) to go.  Well, to my amazement game 2 of the second round playoffs of Habs vs. Bruins was on and the place was packed to the gills!  With every move or mistake you could hear the crowd cheer or moan!  Awesome atmosphere!  The crowd was mostly men some sportin Canadiens Jersey's some just looked like they woke up!  Awesome energy!!!  The corner cafe represents an important place in many people's lives as it provides the fuel to keep many of us going!  Back to my cap, for $2.50 you can't go wrong!  Flavour is medium...not too strong.. and even though I waited in line for a while it was well worth it!  You don't experience the feeling that you get at Cafe Olimpico at a Second Cup, Tim Horton's or Starbucks!  These mega corporations strive to bottle and sell what CO can deliver and exceed!  A true institution!  Come by....you shan't be disappointed!
4	The coffee is really good. They have a nice patio. This seems to be the coffee place in the Mile End where all the cool kids hang out, but there is also a nice mix of neighborhood folks. A great coffee shop in the neighborhood. I recommend it.
3	A lot of hype for a place that serves an OK espresso. Of course when you compare to the average coffee place, it is better and the Italo-Canadian staff is definitely playing on their reputation. That's good for business and especially with tourists.Nice terrace where you can sip your coffee without the indoor blasting TV.
3	My friends and I stopped in this Italian cafe for a morning coffee and the experience was made by the number of Italians gathered to watch the Italy/Uruguay World Cup 2014 game.The atmosphere was great and there's a lot of prime seating and free WIFI. The coffee is Italian style so the iced latte was a bit small but already had the perfect amount of sugar in it!
1	I've honestly never been so baffled by nearly universal praise for an establishment. Full disclosure: I'm a barista. I'm by no means a coffee expert, but I know the do's and don'ts and can tell a good cup from a bad one. Let's just say I knew my coffee experience was going to be awful before I even ordered my drink. Biggest red flag was that all their espresso was preground. It's common sense that you grind your beans as close to extraction as possible. Everyone wants their coffee fresh, right? Second warning sign was a practice that I've honestly never seen done before. For some strange reason the barista was dosing a certain amount of espresso into the portafilter and then scooping equally old (if not older) espresso into it with  a piece of wood from a mound off of the dirty counter. At this point I had to avert my eyes because the horror of what I was witnessing was just too painful. Luckily, I opened my eyes just in time to see the guy cover my cappuccino with a thick layer of cocoa powder. No need to go into the nitty gritty about the taste, obviously it wasn't good. If you're reading this before your first Olimpico experience, there's still hope! Head down St. Viateur until you hit Cafe Myriade (II). Primo coffee (49th Parallel) and the baristas know what they're doing.
4	Saw this place on a couple of blogs and on here (of course!) so after picking up my bagels at St-Viateurs and looking down the street and seeing lo and behold, Cafe Olimpico was right down the street from it, I was excited to go to one of the higher reccomended places for caffinated goodness. Through some of the tips I saw to get the Cafe Frappe.... wasn't exactly sure what this was and after recieving it the best description I have for it that people would understand is its a Coffee Slushie. And boy oh boy was it good.... you can get it with milk but if you do like your coffee strong (I do) don't bother with the milk... its already sweetened so its not gonna be super bitter at all, just really nice when u need a pick me up and a little bit of coldness on a hot summer day. I really enjoyed this and I want to try more next time and have a sit down and relax time in there..... Try it out, it lives up to most the hype no doubt.
5	I had been here years ago when friends and then-residents were showing me around. I've spent many a trip to Montreal since trying to remember both the name of the coffee shop and the location, and finally, while happening to stay in this very neighbourhood, I found this place again! Although my ignorance and non-localness sets me apart, I wish I was a local who could frequent this place all the time. Amazing coffee; delicious-looking baked goods, free wifi, and a gorgeous patio space.
4	Here is another great local hang out.  This is not a tourist area hot spot.  One can come down with friends and catch up.  Have a good coffee or ice cream?  Pros:-Service is prompt and friendly. -Reasonably priced baked goods.-Area influences on food are Greek, Portuguese, Spanish and of course French. -Plenty of seating.-Free wifi is available.
5	Great coffee, atmosphere, and people watching.Simply put, Olimpico is the quintessential neighbourhood coffee shop. Great for a morning caffeine fix, date, or just to hang out with friends.Don't know what else I could possibly say.
4	If you like a neighborhood type of coffee shop with plenty of personality and local flavor, this is the place for you.  Even my wife, who isn't a fan of these places remarked that it was a great hangout.  I had a latte and she had a hot chocolate.  Both beverages were excellent.   We sat outside on the patio and enjoyed the atmosphere.  Next time we're in town, we'll be back.
5	If you're spending time reading the reviews, you're wasting time not drinking this coffee. 5 stars. Boom. Enough said.
5	Olimpico is a neighborhood staple. Read my full review here: http://www.spottedbylocals.com/montreal/cafe-olimpico/
5	What a great local coffee shop in Montreal. In a city located with tons of coffee shops and bakeries, Cafe Olimpico stands on top of my list. Drinks:- cappuccino made from fresh beans was really good- cafe au let was deliciousLikes:- it's nice to see people hanging out watching the football games sober : )- great place to hang out, drinking coffee and watching the games- good assortment of hot beverages- 4 to 5 TV's with a large drop down projector- barista staff is entertaining and friendly- staple coffee shop in Montreal- free wifi- outdoor seatingDislikes:- a bit hot inside- line to get a drink can get long especially on a Sunday afternoon I would definitely come back!!
5	great local coffee shop. drinks and beverages are very good and the staff is very friendly
5	The best place to grab a drink in Mile-End. The staff are awesome. Nothing more needs to be said.
4	Good day to walk around mile end after Christmas not warm and not cold.  Stopped in too get an expresso a double to be exact.  Olympic lives up to the hype interesting decor makes you feel like your in your home town in Italy.  Good expresso great atmosphere.
