5	My wife and I wanted to go to the Grand Canyon, and the concierge at the Marriott Grand Chateau recommended the West Rim Tour provided by SWEETours. It was $130 per person which included a light breakfast and a BBQ lunch buffet provided by the local Indian tribe. Our day started off at around 6:30am when the bus arrived. We then arrived at the Luxor where we transferred buses and got our light breakfast. It consisted of muffins, a banana, a granola bar, and a bottle of orange juice. It was better than expected. Our bus driver was very upbeat and kept us awake the whole time. I figured that I was going to catch up on some sleep, but her charismatic attitude kept me on my toes. She pointed out different areas of Las Vegas and its surrounding area and mentioned a little history about them. About 3 hours later, we stopped at some park and ride and transferred onto another bus where it brought us to the West Rim. The ride can get very bumpy so be prepared for that. Our first stop was at Eagle Point/Skywalk. We didn't do the Skywalk because we heard that we couldn't bring our cameras. What's the point? Anyway, the views are gorgeous and breathtaking. I never had seen anything so surreal and enormous. After taking pictures with teepees and enjoying the entertainment from the local tribe, my wife and I rode another shuttle to Guano Point. This is where we spent majority of our time here. First, we decided to do an early lunch and beat the crowd. Surprisingly, the lunch buffet was good. There was BBQ chicken with sun-dried tomatoes, tri-tip, cole slaw, baked beans, macaroni salad, and corn bread. I did not want to overdo it because there was hiking after lunch. We ate lunch on a picnic table that was near the cliff. It was pretty scary but very scenic at the same time. Guano Point is where you want to be at during this tour. There are countless trails that will lead you to different parts of the canyon. I can't stress enough now beautiful this experience was for my wife and I. We left around 1:30pm, stopped at the Hoover Dam for 10 minutes, and were back at the Strip at around 5:00pm. SWEETours, for its price and service, was well worth it. This experience will forever be embedded in my mind. You have to see it to believe it. These are one of those rare places you have to see before you die. We plan to go on a tour again to the South Rim.
5	Originally, I was planning to rent a car and drive to the Grand Canyon and back. Whilst walking on a midnight stroll through the Las Vegas Strip, I encountered a man selling tours from a small shack. He made a compelling case for SWEETours' South Rim Grand Canyon tour. They'd pick me up at my hotel. They'd provide lunch. They'd provide unlimited bottles of water. They'd also stop by the Hoover Dam and make a quick stop on Route 66. Plus, they'd drive, thus saving me from a long, solo driving expedition. (Still, I was looking forward to the favorable acoustics one can only achieve while singing in a car at the top of one's voice.)The trip was great. The driver was entertaining and friendly, providing us with interesting historical tid bits along the way. We watched a couple movies. The Route 66 stop was pretty boring, at least for me, but I'll forgive it as I believe that's where ours lunches were obtained.Altogether, I think I paid a little over $100. Renting a car, along with gas money, plus the park entrance fee, might have been cheaper, but not by much. Naturally, I preferred the ride with SWEETours, since I could relax on the long trip there and back. If you're travelling with 3 or 4 people, renting a car might make more sense, especially if you like the company of those people. If you're travelling alone or as a couple, SWEETours is definitely the way to go.
1	You can do much better than Sweetours for a Grand Canyon tour!!  First, I arrived at the pickup point 10 minutes early.  However, I wasn't picked up until an hour later (although the gentleman who ultimately picked me up apologized, the manager claimed I was not at the pickup point on time...huh??!!).  The coach bus is nothing special, we were asked to only use the restroom in case of an emergency, and the driver played two Mr. Bean movies during the long drive (how dreadful).  A passenger failed to return to the bus on time for departure from the Grand Canyon.  Despite the driver, Dirk's, warning that he has left passengers in the past for being late, he actually waited an ENTIRE HOUR for this passenger to return.  The problem is that two people on the bus had late evening flights.  The driver promised that he'd drop off the passengers with flights first but then he became indignant and unprofessional - he announces that the people who "claimed" to have flights had better not be "jerking him around" and inconveniencing the entire bus just to get to their hotels first or "so help me God" he'd do something about it.  He was rude and offensive.  It was especially unnerving because he hadn't said a single word to or about the passenger who made the entire bus late!!  The driver then changed his mind and rather than dropping off the passengers with flights first, proceeded to drop off other passengers.  I was one of the passengers with a flight and other passengers actually said they were upset about how Dirk was handling the situation.  He showed no consideration or concern, nor did he keep his own word.  The management at Sweetours was very rude when I called with my concerns.  As another reviewer indicated, they will not provide a refund no matter how badly they bungle your trip.  Save yourself a headache and find another tour company!
4	I booked the South Rim Grand Canyon Tour with Sweetours and was really satisfied with everything.  While it wasn't so much a tour as more of a bus ride with conveniences, it gave us a great experience to / from and at the Grand Canyon at a reasonable price.Here's the full run down of our tour:We were picked up from our hotel, albeit 5 minutes late, in a brand spanking new tour bus.  The bus had reclining seats that were comfy and roomy.  Compared to some of the other tours I saw, Sweetours by far had the nicest, newest, cleanest looking buses.  After our bus completed all its pick ups, we stopped in the parking lot of a shopping complex to wait for other buses to arrive.  This part felt a little odd as most tours I've been on they usually pick you up then head straight off to your destination.  Once all the other buses arrived, they shuffled us around depending on which tour we were taking.  After we were settled on our actual bus, they gave a bagged breakfast that had a pastry, granola bar, banana and choice of apple juice or water.  (TIP:  If you're looking for coffee, like my mom and I were, you're out of luck so it's best to get some before the trip).After they hand out breakfast (which you eat on the bus), it's off to your tour destination.  Considering how early the pick up was (ours was 6:30AM), I appreciated that the driver kept it quiet for most of the drive up to Hoover Dam, allowing us all to sleep.  He did give some spiel about limiting the use of the bathroom on board the bus but it made total sense.  Do you really want all 60+ passengers to use that thing and have the stench linger?!  Plus, the bus makes more than enough pit stops that the bus bathroom is hardly needed.Our first stop was Hoover Dam, where you have 15 minutes to take pics, use the port-o-potties and check out the gift shop.  After that, it's the long trek up to Grand Canyon.  On the way, make an additional 15 minute stop at a bar / gift shop for another snack / bathroom break then one last stop along Route 66 to pick up our bag lunches.  The bagged lunches (which you again eat on the bus) include your pre-selected sandwich, chips and cookies.When you finally arrive at the Canyon, they give you about 2 1/2 hours to explore, which I found was ample time to take in the Canyon, hike and stop at the nearby gift shops.After the Canyon, you head back to Vegas with one last pit stop at a Subway / gas station.  This is the only pit stop before Vegas so make sure you pick up some food if you're hungry because by the time you arrive back in Vegas it'll be a pretty late dinner.  On the road back, the driver did play two movies to pass the time.Right before we got into Vegas, the driver does mention that tips are "always accepted" but it almost sounded like he said "expected", which I found a little tacky.  Our driver was overall a good guy though  that seemed to like his job and made the drive pleasant.  When we finally got to Vegas they had some of us off board onto another shuttle for drop off.  Again, this was a little odd but it made for a lot less stops.Major plus for having cold, bottled water available to us throughout the whole day.  Saves you a ton of money from having to constantly keep buying water.
4	Besides being completely exhausted from one of the longest days ever, we mostly had a great time. My wife found a LivingSocial deal for the South Rim tour at about $84 per person. Normal price is twice as much. The price includes the bus ride (duh), breakfast (granola bar, danish, banana, OJ, apple juice), lunch (turkey, roast beef, and veggie sandwiches, chips & a cookie from Honeybaked), and unlimited water. The main stops are the Hoover Dam and the South Rim visitor's area @ the Grand Canyon. Anyway, at 6:20am we were picked up by a smaller shuttle bus (and ended up leaving 20-30 minutes late because of this one family who couldn't get their act together) and taken to a shopping center at the end of the Strip (in front of the Container Store). There were two large coaches and a number of the smaller shuttle buses waiting around. We saw one coach leave and we were directed to get on the other. As we boarded we were given our bags of breakfast. We left soon after but had to make a stop just outside Boulder City, where our real driver and tour guide, Harold, was waiting. He was pretty entertaining and accommodating towards everyone the entire day, and gave us a lot of background and history on our way to the sites. First stop was Hoover Dam - pretty impressive. He drove us up to an observation point and let us off the bus for a good 20-30 minutes to take pictures, use the bathroom, etc. In terms of bathrooms, all they have up there is porta-potties. He also took us up to the bypass bridge and let us out there for another 20 minutes or so of exploring and picture-taking, so that was nice. The bridge is massive, and we were overwhelmed being on it and considering all the effort put into building it. Crazy.On our way out to the Grand Canyon, we had to make a couple pit stops for bathroom breaks and gas. We also drove along part of Route 66 as well, and stopped by the famous barber shop/gift store of Angel Delgadillo: the man who saved Route 66. He was actually hanging around inside the store! He seemed to be a very friendly man (I'm sure he appreciated the business as well). Very interesting history there. As we got back on the bus, we were given our lunches to eat, and were back on the road soon enough.Finally, we got to the Grand Canyon. Harold took us up to Mather Point, which allowed some of us (who wanted to) the option to hike down to the visitor's center and Bright Angel lodge. He hung around there for about an hour or so then drove everyone else down to the lodge (where there's a restaurant, bar, and gift shop). My wife and I needed some exercise after pigging out at Bacchanal the night before, so we opted to hike down. The pathway is paved, so it's not really much of a hike more than it is a long walk. We enjoyed it though, and stopped every 5-10 minutes to take pictures and just appreciate the view. It's definitely a great way to get away from the crowds, and as we made our way further along the path, we saw less and less people. We made our way down to Bright Angel lodge just in time. I forgot to mention that there was a good amount of SNOW too! It was probably in the 50s up there too, so it's a good thing we were dressed relatively warm.Harold gave us a good 3-4 hours (which I thought was extremely generous) to hike, explore, take pictures, hang around, etc before starting up the engines again. Of course, there were about 10 or so people missing or late (go figure) as we were leaving. Since it was 10-15 minutes past the time he told us to be back, he started driving off. That's when we saw one guy frantically running (about 200 yards) and across train tracks to hop on the bus as we were exiting the parking lot. Ridiculous. Harold thought he would circle back to Mather Point to see if there might have been others there. Sure enough, that's where the remaining passengers were. Some of them didn't seem to speak and English, and the others claimed to have gotten lost (not sure how that could have happened!) - one dude was wearing shorts too... LOL, what's wrong with these people?!After that, we made our way back to Vegas. It was a *long* ride back. Especially with the large woman behind me complaining every 5 minutes about how her legs hurt.  Once we were at Aria, we actually had to get off the coach and get on another shuttle to take us back to our hotel (Desert Club). I think we ended up getting back to our room between 10:30pm-11pm. One thing I want to say for anyone considering this tour (or any other tour for that matter): please be cognizant of the time, and realize that not being on time can result in major delays. I find it incredibly inconsiderate to other people when a handful of people cause hold-ups. It's no wonder we got back so late, with all the people that didn't listen and didn't keep track of the time. It's not that hard, people. You're on a bus and it's the only ride to and from. Don't you think you'd be a little more aware?!
4	The day started off good. Milton, or uncle Milty as he said to call him, was on time with bagged breakfast. The Hoover Dam was great and then was the long stretch to the Grand Canyon. "Uncle Milty" talked the entire ride. I like to know random facts so I didn't mind all of it but at one point he painstakingly described the lunch choice for a full 13 minutes. There were only three choices and we had a flyer to read so that seemed extreme.  There was a lot of time to explore the Grand Canyon.  I liked that we visited the less crowded (and more beautiful) West Rim. We enjoyed the lunch choice at Guano Point and ate outside looking at the canyon. All in all the trip was about twelve hours (6 to 6).
5	I went on this tour on April 9th 2013. Upon booking, Margart was very helpful with friendly, quick and informative service. Upon the day of the tour, we were picked up from our hotel promptly at 6am and taken too ur bus where the south rim and west rim folks were split up. Our bus driver was Luana, from Hawaii and I am from Hawaii and could tell she had that aloha spirit. Very knowledgeable about Nevada and the different places we toured. First stop was Hoover dam, then a little store/snack shop/restroom in Castle Rock, then we stopped at Seligman on Route 66 for free coffee and a bathroom break. We got to hang out at Grand Canyon for 3 hours which was perfect to walk the paved path and check out the Hopi House and other lodges along the path. On our way back to Nevada we stopped at Kingman for a bathroom and snack break. We watched 2 movies and an informative film on the Grand Canyon. Sweet tours provided us with a breakfast sack (pastry, banana, granola bar and water or juice) and a lunch sack (sandwich, chips, cookies and water). There was unlimited water on the tour and the bus itself was not only comfortable but also had a bathroom on board if you could not hold on until the next stop. It was a long day but well worth it. Luana was friendly, informative and knowledgeable. I recommend this tour to others because it was great. It took the guess work out and provided us with a nice relaxing means to get to Grand Canyon and back to our Vegas hotel. Excellent trip! Me Kealoha Pumehana Luana!
5	Visited: Friday - September 26, 2014 - 9:30 AM through 2:30 PMI visited the Hoover Dam in May of 2001. This visit reaffirmed why the Hoover Dam remains an engineering marvel. This review, however, is about Sweetours and not the Hoover Dam."Bud" the driver and narrator possessed a voice so smooth and calming HE was probably the BEST part of the tour. He provided free iced water to everyone. He explained the evolution of the Las Vegas area as if he where an eye witness. Then again, he is a 35 year resident. Such insight provided substance to the experience. Oh, did I mention he also drove the bus. His driving mastery through the Nevada desert and vehicle clusters on the Las Vegas strip was amazing.He readily admitted taking shortcuts and unplanned routes to enhance the experience. He explained that many residents spent thousands of dollars for plants and greenery that would tolerate desert conditions. The one neighborhood we visited exemplified the beautiful results of landscaping success. He also stopped at Hemenway Park in Boulder City, Nevada and discovered over 50 long-horned rams grazing and shading themselves from the 90 plus degree heat. Children played without apparent knowledge of the rams presence or didn't care. He gleefully pronounced this event a "lucky occurrence" My fellow tourists took the advantage and exited the bus to snap several photographs and videos.If you have the opportunity to book a tour through Sweetours, I recommend your asking for Bud. I know I will.
4	We took the Express Hoover Dam Tour. I feel this company was a good value. Our pick up time was 9:00. We got on the shuttle at 8:45.   Our tour guide was good, not great. He did stop for us to walk out on the new bridge and get some awesome dam pics and at a park where we saw big horned sheep. Both very cool stops. This is a solid 4-star tour. Not spectacular enough for 5 stars. I highly recommend this tour!!
