3	Generally this bar is just another bar, although it is a nice improvement from the previous business that occupied this building (they used to have two fighting dolphins painted on the outside). They have lots of TVs if you like watching sports (this is a Steelers Bar) and they also offer $0.35 wings and $2 Miller Lites on Monday nights. I've had a few different menu items and they were all good, the "Round Reuben" was pretty interesting, These are deep fried Reuben nuggets. Personally I like anything in Nugget form. The staff is pretty friendly. The three star rating is because the place just doesn't feel that unique.
3	Okay wanna be tavern.  The bartender's UK punk style was nice.  Music was updated & pop.  Service was SUPER slow.  The only real thing it had going for it was the pub theme.  It was just "meh".
4	We all know Vegas is full of bars...thousands of them. I think what makes Murphy's Law special is that they really try to make this place like "Cheers". They have a different event or special just about every day of the week. The food is good (very rich desserts!), they actually have vegetarian options, and a decent selection of beer (they have Murphy's Red on tap - as opposed to the very common Smithwicks, which is pretty unique). The bar and wait staff are always very friendly, and they show appreciation for people who are regulars. There are a lot of TV's, so you can catch a game. The place is a bit dark, but its not too smoky, and during the day you can eat in the smoke free dining area. My only complaint is that there are never enough staff. The staff are very helpful and friendly, but it always seems like they are short staffed.
4	I really enjoyed the trivia night here the crowd seemed pretty heavily Yelp but the bar staff was great. The Guinness was well poured and had I been in the drinking mood they were ready to ply me with shots after the crew left. Why does being good have to be so hard?
3	I just visited this place for the first time this past weekend.  I was surprised at how new and nice this bar was for the area it's in.  Nate and Misty were both super nice and attentive bartenders.  Nate introduced me to having a little bit of orange juice with my Blue Moon (since they don't have orange wedges there), which I had never even heard as a suggestion, and it was great - better than with just the simple orange wedge.The crowd is an interesting mix.  There were both young and older people, some punk/indie types, and metal heads.There was a DJ outside, which I thought was strange because I didn't see anyone sitting outside.  The DJ was an interesting character as well; he was friendly, but mostly enjoyed talking about how much money he makes with his DJ'ing gigs.This place appears to be a Cardinals bar (I never confirmed it, but I figured with all the banners and other Cards paraphernalia, it has to be) and they look like they have some pretty good deals for football games. I wasn't super impressed with the place, but again, considering the location, I think it is probably one of the better bars in the area.
5	I'm totally biased towards this place because (now, don't judge me) I met me husband here.The neighborhood is bleh, the decor isn't anything spectacular, and the crowd is sometimes questionable. It's the perfect low-key bar!The drink prices are amazing, bartenders are nice, their bar is always stocked with non-well liquors, you can smoke INSIDE, and theres a juke box (usually with someone dancing in front of it alone). They had a Spy On Vegas event here and that's how I met my hubby, but we've come back here numerous times for a casual drink since then. It's a good place to come for a super low-key drink away from the normal see-and-be-seen bars all over town.
4	Lots of good things about Murphy's Law:Great happy hour specials, several times a dayOther specials, depending on the dayFood is pretty goodService is speedy and friendlyBest thing of all:IT'S AN ARIZONA CARDINALS BAR!!!Now I have searched long and hard, but I have NEVER found an AZ cards bar outside of AZ! It was so exciting to find that Murphy's Law would be devoted to my hapless Cards all season, and on top of that, they hosted my alumni group for the Air Force Falcons football games throughout the season, too!The crowd is not too happening, and while it is very nice and new inside, the decor isn't anything too special. But for supporting my 2 favorite teams, I'm definitely giving them 4 stars.
4	LOVE This place!!  Low key neighborhood hang out.  I just wish it was in my neighborhood!  Stopped in here on a whim as we were waiting to pick up my daughter from work and we were about an hour early and this is right across the street from her office.  Walked in the dimly lit room and was met with a warm and friendly greeting by the bar mistress Misty who is ridiculously adorable, sassy and fun!  She made me fall in love with the place right away.  The studster and I sat at a tall table and began to look over the menu and beer selections.  Their on tap beer variety is fantastic!!  Misty told us about a local brand they offered called Tenaya Creek.  I ordered a Hefeweizen by the hometown brewers, as I like to try to support the local guys whenever I can, and was SO GLAD I did!  Really delicious and not as heavy as some I've had in the past.  All in all our visit was a WIN! Great prices, Great Beer Selection, Great Service, Great Atmosphere!!!  Definitely stop by and Say HI to Misty for me!!
5	I am giving it a 5. I am here just about once a week, so it is about time I update my review. My old review completely still applies, but since then, I've had quite a few more experiences under my belt. I really do love the food. Granted, I only really get one dish, the Vegetarian Sammie...could be the best vegetarian dish at any pub in all of Las Vegas. Yes, I truly believe this, and let me tell you I've been to many a pub here, and the veggie food just isn't as good. However, I've had all the deserts, and each is rich, flavorful and fried. I've also had a scramble, and it was also delicious (and massive!). I also really enjoy the staff. Overall there are some not so great nights, but for the most part the staff is great. We've had a variety of servers, and have interacted with two of the mangers. Everyone we have met has been very helpful (with one exception, but I've not seen that bartender since), and often times very humorous. Almost every night of the week has some sort of theme or special (e.g. karaoke, pub quiz, etc). They also have special parties for the "big game", NYE, St. Paddy's, etc. We hit up the NYE here, and had a darn good time.Right now this place is as close to Cheers as I am going to get.
5	I can not say enough about Murphy's Law.  I LOVE this place.  I stopped in last year when planning my Vegas wedding to see if it would be a good place to have my wedding reception.  I didn't even look anywhere else. There was no need; they had everything I was looking for.  The bar is beautiful; brick work every where, great patio, nice lounge area with plush couches.  And The Chef and owner we met with could not have been nicer.  They seemed excited to have a wedding reception there, something not everyone I had contacted in Vegas was supportive of, and assured me it would be wonderful.  Fast forward a year and they were right.   We had our wedding reception there on Friday March 11th, and things went of beautifully.  My guests, my husband, and I had an amazing time, the food was great, and the drinks were pouring, and beer pong was a blast.  Jeff was so accommodating through out the whole process.  When a too drunk friend was sent to set up and went MIA, Jeff put everything together for us before we even knew what had happened.  And Shelly, was great as well, the entire staff ensured we had an amazing evening.  Thank you all for making my wedding so great.
3	I went to Murphy's Law on the day after St. Patrick's Day. Went here because it was my father's birthday and all he had requested for his birthday was to eat their deep-friend Reuben Balls. They're actually called "Round Reubens" in the menu, I believe.When my mother, father, and I got there we sat down at the bar to have a few drinks first. The place has your normal bar feel. It wasn't so much an "Irish Pub" ambiance though, which is kind of what I was expected. It's okay they did have a lot of Irish beer on the menu. I ordered a Smithwicks, my mother a coke, and my father, a Bud Light (I know, they're lame). Anyway, we ended up playing the machines for a bit and they had March Madness basketball playing on the televisions. Looks as though they are quite up-to-date about their sports, so if you're looking for a place to go watch the game, then this place is probably right up your alley. Also, about 30 minutes into us being there, the bartender went around and changed pretty much every television in the place to the UNLV basketball game (which I could have cared less because #1 I don't like basketball and #2 I went to UNR). The bartenders were especially nice and I really liked that they were sociable. Seemed as though they had plenty of regulars, but they did not ignore people like myself, who had never been there before. Now on to the food! My dad ordered the Round Reubens. My mother and I opted for the Cheeseburger Cheeseburger. I was slightly disappointed in the menu - I was expecting at least a couple menu items to be Irish food. But alas - the menu is just a bar menu, nothing more, nothing less. Upon receiving our food my mother and I came to the realization our Cheeseburger Cheeseburgers were in fact DOUBLE cheeseburgers. "Duh" I thought, "that's why it's called a Cheeseburger Cheeseburger in the menu", but being that I did not read the description - I had no idea! Even though it was WAY too much for me to eat, it was tasty, and they cooked it Medium, which is the way I ordered it and actually did come medium - kudos to them for that. As for the reuben balls, I did have one and it was really good, but oh my goodness it was RICH. I would only be able to eat ONE and the dish comes with SIX! My dad did not even finish it. But I would assume it would be really, really good drunk food after a night of drinking. So overall my impression is this: it's a good BAR with good bartenders, food-wise: not much to choose from, but it is good food, seems to be sporty-themed, and it is obviously a UNLV hang-out place.
5	We tried the fish and chips.  It was mouth watering, including the crust.The fries were fresh.  Best of this I have had in LV
3	Came in here the other day to watch my Spurs play. I went to 4 different places trying to find my game with volume. its the freaking play-offs and I still have trouble. WTH? I went to Crown & Anchor - blah. . so booring in there and no volume - boo. Next. Went to Cheers - they had hockey volume. um no. She redirected us to "favorites" - also no volume. walked in and walked right bk out. We finally stopped over @ Murphy's Law - also no volume - but I was so fed up I was just ready to go home. But I didnt want my bf to feel bad for making us leave Steiner's - that's a whole nother review! omg..  Not sure I'd go there again. Anyways, we ordered a beer and asked him if he knew of any bars that have volume for the games. He said he had the little boxes they set in front of you. this was better than nothing - We ordered a few rounds and $10 order of spinach artichoke dip. very good but too many chips for amt of dip - and a lil overpriced for what they give you. Wouldnt order it again. the most annoying part of the night was some jerk off patron that was in there that was cheering for the Grizzlies just to piss me off. I know this b/c he was just commenting how he wasnt a big basketball watcher. Then he said later how Manu was one of the best ever. was thi s b/c he saw my ginobili jersey and realized I was about the beat the ish out of him and use his twig of a gf to do it if he said another ill word about my spurs? Dont know but I'd prefer to watch it somewhere else. . Would I come here again? probably - someday. . As a note this bar is an Irish bar... but its a laker and Cardinal bar? wth? what kinda irish pub have u seen that wasnt a Celtics bar??odd. .
3	This bar has some great drink specials and a cool atmosphere, however the service isn't great and I wasn't very impressed with their selection of irish beers (it's an irish pub). Something that really turned me off was when I was paying for some food and a bucket of beer at the bar I gave the bartender a $100 bill. She told me she would need to get change from the back and would bring me my remainder to my table shortly. An hour later (after a few beers), I was walking out the door and I realized I had never gotten my money. I went up to lady that was helping me at the bar and she seemed unmoved/non-nonchalant about the fact that she had owed me 80 dollars for the last hour. It was pretty obvious that she was hoping she was going to come up on a small "pot of gold" if you will, if I would've drunkenly wandered out of the place. This really left a foul taste in my mouth leaving the joint.This is still a decent pit stop for a beer with some friends, but i would definitely make sure to close out your check after your trip to the bar!
4	I came here with a Groupon deal. The food was great--especially the fish and chips. Prices are average. The service was as good as it gets (Tori was our server). I'll definitely come again.
4	We went here for a happy hour & loved all our food. We had all the good greasy fried food & it was delic.
3	This place is neat because the bar and restaurant are both open 24 hours. We came in at 10:30PM and were able to take a seat in the dining area even though everyone else was at the bar. The bartender ended up being our waitress and was super nice and helpful with the menu. According to my husband, she was not stingy on the gin:tonic ratio, so definite pluses to that. Since she had to do everything, service was sometimes a bit slow, especially when it got closer to midnight and people began flocking in, but that's okay because it wasn't her fault. Our 3 course Groupon feast was as follows:Round Reubens - we ordered these against Ashley B.'s warning, and those things are seriously heavy and packed with so much sodium, you'll be drinking water like a fish for the next 24 hours. The breading is super thick and full of corned beef. I wish there was more sauerkraut to cut through the grease and that they used a different batter! Pittsburgher - a half pound hamburger patty with cheese, french fries (yes, inside!), and coleslaw. I'm actually quite embarrassed to say how much I enjoyed this, but it's true. I am a total closet fatty and if you want to put fries on my cheeseburger, so be it, no opposition over here! It was the best thing we ate all night. We added the Twisted Irish Potato to this and the only thing I could compare this to is undercooked potato chips: sad and soggy. Fish & Chips - if I had known it was the same batter as the Round Reubens, I would have stayed away! They were really heavily battered and the fish didn't flake apart. In fact, they were pretty difficult to pull apart, and chew for that matter. Irish Car Bomb Brownies - I'm not much of a drinker and I could really taste the Guinness and Whiskey which turned me off of these. Overall, the food was not great and in retrospect, we ordered some really heavy stuff and should have opted for a salad as a second entree. The sweet bartender and her generous drinks along with the Pittsburgher were its saving graces. If you're craving something super deep fried or a stiff drink in the middle of the night, come visit Murphy's Law.
5	This place is awesome! It is not a big place but that makes it even better. The service here is great and the breakfast sandwiches are delicious. They have a happy hour and really cool drink specials. They even show UFC fights there. I can't wait to go back next time we visit Vegas. I almost forgot....the brownie ice cream dessert is the one of the best things I have ever eaten. Make sure you save room for that.
4	This place is open 24 Happy Hour deals are awesome. The people who work here are really nice people. The food is good too, (a little pricier than what I would have thought for what it is Fish and Chips for $9.95, not bad. I guess working the industry makes you realize how much things should actually cost). It was my first time there and I liked it. My only complaint would be for an "Irish Bar" it felt more of a sports bar with a bunch of Irish Beers and Irish inspired food. Will definitely give it  more time to grow on me
2	It's as if they don't care at all about customer loyalty.... Service has gone to crap since management change, all the friendly bartenders have moved on to other establishments... this place amazes me that it's still standing.
4	Giving it a star bump.  Over the past few years I just can't get over how friendly the bar staff have been.  Every single time, they smile, listen to your order and come back to check on you.  These things shouldn't be surprising but they're not always that common.  Thanks Murphy's!
3	I don't see what's so special about the place. The staff was okay, the drinks were okay, the atmosphere was okay. Totally and completely average. Didn't try the food. If I go back I will, but overall, it left me with a feeling of.... eeh.
3	Drinks and ambiance are about all I experienced here at Murphy's Law. I came here with some friends. The place is pretty lively, but I was a little unimpressed with their outdoor area. We were interested in sitting outside, but when we tried to sit down we noticed how grimy all the tables and chairs were. They were caked with dust and dirt like no one had ever sat on them before. We obviously chose to sit inside instead. The drinks were relatively good and didn't seem too overly expensive. We didn't try the food, but all in all this place is just ok.I probably won't make any special trips out there again any time soon since it's not conveniently close to where I live or frequent. I hear they have trivia as well, which is great if you're in the area.
5	I went here on a first date earlier on this week.  The date sucked, however this place was awesome!  They have events every day during the week and we just so happened to hit it up on trivia night =]  Although the trivia was a little hard, the service and the atmosphere was amazing.   I asked the bartender what her drink of choice was and she recommended a black and white ( i believe that's what it's called), cider on bottom, Guinness on top.  The workers were really nice, very funny, and made for a great time.  Now if only the guy would have been better, than it would have been a perfect night!  Oh yeah they also have great happy hour specials and extended happy hour for UNLV students!
4	I really enjoy going to Murphy's Law from time to time because this place is such a mixed bag. It's never the same bar or experience twice.Yes...It's an Irish bar...But, it's an Irish bar done with a Vegas twist.It's dark, and has that pub feel, but there's also a wall of tv's and more tv's everwhere you look and in the back corner of the bar there is this make shift VIP lounge with a wrap around leather couch. It is a gaming bar so the machines are lined up around the bar, but there is also a separate dining section for those who have kids or those under 21 who just want to grab some food. They also have a sports betting kiosk on sight, which makes it a great place to go watch a game and place your bet without getting in the lines at the casinos.The service here has always been above and beyond what I'm used to in Vegas, the bartenders are really outgoing here and don't seem as pissed off to be at work as the usual places. Although, they always seem to be understaffed here no matter how many people are there, so on occasion you might have a bit of a wait time on a refill.At the bar they have all of your Irish favorites on tap, and the happy hour special for drinks is great. Buy one get one on all drafts...not just the cheap crap. They have also been running a check in special recently where if you check in while you are there you get a shot of Jameson for $1.OK...so 2 Harp's for $5......Check1 shot of Jameson for $1.....CheckNow I was in need of some food. They have a great happy hour menu and reverse happy hour menu late night.As you look over the menu I have to recommend one thing: THE ROUND REUBEN...What's that you ask...Well, you take the ingredient's of a reuben sandwich then you roll it into 4 or 5 balls, then batter it in the same batter you would do fish and chips, and then you deep fry those little guys and serve them with a side of Thousand Island, (and I always add a side of Buffalo sauce on the side as well as the vinegar helps cut the oily, fatty, fried taste.)If you are thinking to yourself "wow that sounds like a heart attack." You're right...but there are few things on this earth that go better with beer.I've also had their wings, and the fish and chips. I'd give the fish and chips probably 3 stars, but the wings are some of the best i've had anywhere in town.They have a trivia night, a karaoke night (which tends to play more towards the alt rock, metal crowd) and a dozen other random nights, and events.So...unless you are on ANY type of diet...give this place a try, but like I said it's a different bar every time, so who know's what you will walk into
4	Dropped in with some coworkers and classmates to just grab a bite and watch some NBA games.  The place was fairly crowded and the parking lot was pretty full during their happy hour, then it sorta empty out.It is a cool place to relax, watch whatever sports games are on (you can request the channel to be changed to the game you want to watch too) and grab some decent bar food and drinks at reasonable prices.Service is friendly but nothing extraordinary.  Food was okay for bar food.  But the relaxed atmosphere and the many televion screens made this place worthy of repeat patronage, especially if you work or live near here and watching sports with some company3.5 stars!
3	Fish & chips were super greasy. The Murphy Melt was ok. Just ok. Service was slow. I'd give this a 'meh' out of five stars.
3	This place is a standard pub.  I love the green beer and the potato chips.  Murphy's Law is a place I go when I want some good happy hour prices and to watch some sporting events.  If you go wanting the same, you won't be disappointed!!!- Joey Pipes
5	I decided to stop in here randomly well doing some shopping on that side of town. I had been there once before, but briefly and didn't try the food. Before we even sat down, the bartender was there to greet us. He gave us some menus and told us about the new menu items that weren't on there yet. Well we looked over the menu, the new manager came over, and introduced himself. He said he was the new manager, told us more details about the new stuff and said if we didn't like it, it was on the house! I went the new Angus sliders and my boyfriend had the European style Philly. Food was fast, but the place was pretty dead. After we ate, the bartender offered us a free sampling of their new artichokes. They were also delicious! Our whole bill was under $20, including our beers. Very happy with the service, will go back for sure!
1	Went there on a friday night with a ton of co-workers.  After my initial experience with the awesome staff I was more than stoked to going again..   Needless to say i was extremely let down.  The bar lady litterally came up to my coworker and told her we were being too loud and that her voice carried a little too far.  (uh wtf!!?!?!)  IDK if my view of a bar is skewed but I would expect a bar in Las Vegas on a friday night at around midnight would be use to "large loud groups of people"..  Needless to say we got our bill ASAP and def didn't tip.
4	We were really only there to drink and watch the Steeler game. Fun atmosphere and really cool bar staff. Drinks were good! Looked like it would be real fun there for St. Patty's day!
4	I've been a fan of this place for one reason and one reason alone.  Late night fish and chip runs with my girl Steph.  Now, they have another great reason for me to be a fan.  They hired a great bartender friend of mine.  Pls visit messy jessie on her shifts people.  The atmosphere is always great when she is there.  The gaming is pretty solid, I always see a winner of some sort. Finally, great food and when you are starving after a late night at work, you come here and eat.  CHEERS!
5	So today was the start of my Birthday Weekend, and Shauna & Meg just made it absolutely perfect =] They gave me a B-Day shot that was hot pink [my nickname is Pinki, so that's a big deal to me. I LOVE Pink!!!] & Happy Hour brew with amazing prices...I love Murphy's Law. I started coming here with my co-workers 2 years ago, and I am NEVER disappointed.
2	The clam chowder is the only thing keeping the place open. The kitchen is GOOD. and 2 or 3 bartenders are good. But lack of consistency and management/ownership will never get better. sad face...Well when you call your bar Murphy's Law, LOL that says it all!.And it's in a not so nice area.
4	I like this place. The Jukebox alone makes it one of the best hangouts. The thing that sucks is that there is always some sort of DJ night, or karaoke or something that seems to be happening when I go so I can't even listen to the music on there. However, 4 dollar shots of Jameson is something I am all about. That's a steal of a deal especially when you consider it's like 7-8 dollars a shot at most other Vegas bars.The bartenders are all nice and attentive. It's clean and good atmosphere. The only thing that keeps me from giving 5 stars is that sometimes there is a really bad sewer smell. I don't know if it's due to the wash being close by or what but it is unpleasant and overpowering.
2	Can you say "seedy"?  That's what this place appeared to be in first impressions.  The bar itself is steps below classy, and a step above "dive" but it was the characters hanging around that really made the place gross.  We walk in through the side door from the parking lot and there's two dogs (adorable) lying by a dirty backpack and a water bowl.  And then we notice the homeless guy who comes up to us trying to bum cigarettes.  We tell him that we don't smoke, jokingly quip that smoking is bad for you, and he looked like he was about to blow his freakin' top.  Also, he kept making drug references.  We quickly realize this isn't our "crowd". Now the drinks here were reasonably priced, there's the obligatory slot machines at the bar, good service from the bartender, and a decently clean bar environment.  I love a good dive and I'd say this is more than just that.  I suppose you can't really control the clientele unless they're really bugging or harming others (or if they're just too drunk) but the customers here made my friends, who were visiting from back east, very uncomfortable.  I work nearby and I guess I'm used to the characters who hang out around this area. But even I was uncomfortable. I honestly don't think I'll be back but if you threw this bar into my neck of the woods in Henderson I'd be there, like, every day.
