4	This is a fantastic branch of the shoe chain Office. The shop is a little on the small side, but shoes don't take up much space and they've got a lot of shelves to display the numerous styles on. The staff in here are lovely lovely people: I went in recently to buy my first pair of trainers for five years (yes, I am a freak) and they couldn't have been more patient or understanding. I was in the shop for well over an hour and must've tried on at least ten different pairs, which meant the assistant had to run up and down the stairs to the stock room at least ten times, but he smiled and joked with me throughout: the guy deserves a medal.Be warned though... visits at peak times (Saturday afternoon and Thursday evening) can be a bit of a tight squeeze and they don't accept returns (except on faulty goods).
4	I'm not really a fan of Office, I find their shoes ridiculously overpriced and some of them can look quite cheap and nasty. For some reason this branch of Princes Street seems to be an exception to the rule. I'm not sure if Office is run as a franchise but compared to the sale prices of the stock in the Glasgow branch the shoes are both cheaper and nicer in the Edinburgh branch.A few years ago I got a gorgeous pair of little sequined pumps that are far from the tacky looking sequined items you see in other shops. The shoes look very dainty and they fit my small size 2/3 feet perfectly which I have a huge problem with in other shoe shops. This branch of Office is a good size, the staff are friendly and they quite often have good sales on so you might get yourself a bargain pair of shoes. I also noticed ridiculously cute baby shoes including miniature UGG boots.
3	This Office Store is quite conveniently located, right next to the cheap Barrats, and a Clarks shoes store as well as round the corner from a Shuh store, so plenty of places to go and compare prices and styles. I would really say that office is good to get your branded sneakers, because their own shoes basically are not made to wear, and tend to fall apart, even with the slightest of rain. This of course is an issue with Scottish weather.Other than this, the layout is very good, and you can easily browse all their shoes which are presented well.
3	I am not a huge fan of Office as I am too poor to shop there. I'm pretty much too poor to shop anywhere. I find the Office brand shoes are a little expensive for what look like cheap shoes which will last 4 wears. The sale is pretty good though and that is likely to be the only time I buy something here. They do have a good stock of Converse and other branded trainer type shoes, so if that's your bag then Office is the place to go. I picked up a pair of Cons for $10 in the States so paying 35 pound in Office is not my bag. I much enjoy the men's section though as I picked up some cheap Vans in the sale for my boyfriend's birthday. The staff in here are some of the friendliest on Princes Street, so that is a treat.
4	Office has been the mainstay of high street shoe shops for some time  A wide variety of appealing and trendy styles, a mixture of classic and new designs, all at an acceptable price are some of the reasons why.The staff are helpful, efficient and aid to complement an all round satisfying shopping experience. If your looking for some dapper shoes or the latest streetwise trainers, this should be your first port of call.
4	I don't know if I'm missing something, but I really am a fan of Office!I'm not one to be swung easily by high street chains shoving fashion down our throats. But I always find Office caters for a lot of styles and sells shoes that are great quality even if they are expensive. Most Office shoes I've bought have lasted for years - even the tiny, cheaper dolly shoes have withstood the test of time (and the Scottish rain).This branch of Office is more petite than the one I shop in regularly in Glasgow (or at least whenever I can afford it, ha), but it hits the spot. It has some great bargains on display as soon as you enter the store and a wide range of footwear for girls and guys. They do some snazzy formal shoes and their fair share of streetwear - catering for all types of feet! The staff in this branch are very friendly as well which is a bonus. Rather than turn on the smarm like some high end retail assistants are sometimes forced to do, the dude who served me in here was absolutely lovely and full of genuine banter! My card had been blocked by the bank for some reason (not his fault, most definitely mine for over spending) and he couldn't have been nicer about it. Even though it ended up being past closing time he was really patient and I liked talking to him! Even if you're not into the shoes in here, it's a great store with nice staff and stock. Worth a look.
3	who doesn't love Office? Their shoes are amazing.However, this particular branch isn't so. It's really quite small, and as a result it gets very busy very quickly. Do you know how hard it is to swoon over shoes when you're looking over the shoulder of the lady infront of you and stepping back to let the group of school children past. eugh!I would say that this is only the problem during the weekend, but it's always busy - especially when there is a sale. They always seem to have sales too - just to pour salt into the wounds. The staff are friendly and always in demand, so if you see something you like then expect to wait. I think in the case of Office, the quality of the shoes have to come before the shop itself, otherwise you'll never come here again!Personally, I'll stick to the website. They always have my size, and I can shop in my pyjamas
