5	The 3000 Club is a charitable organization with a program called Market on the Move.Distribution sites all over town (predominantly schools and churches) on Saturday mornings. A $10 donation will yield up to 60 lbs of produce!I heard they are winding down for the summer - instead of being all over town, it will be in the air conditioned warehouse near I-17 and Rose Garden Lane. There's still a couple weeks of regular distribution - and I look forward to them getting back out this fall! See website for schedule and distribution locations.  https://the3000club.org/index.php?option=com_jevents&view=cat&task=cat.listevents&Itemid=89I went to the downtown market Saturday morning. Handed over my $10, and was told to help myself to cases of Nestle bottled water.The offerings at this week's market included melon, acorn and banana squash, zucchini, cucumber, green and yellow peppers and grape tomatoes. I didn't take close to the 60 pounds I could have - and still have way more than enough for my house - so my coworkers get lucky with produce this week!Love what they're doing here - and, as I have never had acorn squash before, love the fact I am pushing out of my culinary comfort zone and allowing myself the opportunity to learn some new kitchen tricks!
5	How can you go wrong with a beneficial program like this?For a $10 contribution you can haul away up to 60 pounds of produce.  If you go to the I-17/Rose Garden Ln location there may be additional items besides just produce.I have brought home things to share with family and friends, items that can be canned/frozen, things for the beastlies (Danes), as well as treats for my hens and even the waste gets gobbled up by my compost pile and the invasive hens.Liking this program.Wish it was year round in our area so I wouldn't have to drive across town to participate.
5	10 dollar donation for up to 60 pounds of fruits and veggies!!! I couldn't believe it when I stumble upon the yelp reviews, so I had to check it out for myself.They apparently have a different variety every Saturday so if you want to make this a routine, I would stop by and check the board before waiting in the line. Usually a lot of them are as much as you can grab, some fruits/veggies are limited. I was able to get a max of 2 seedless watermelons, 2 honeydew melons, and 6 bell peppers. We grabbed SOOO many other peppers, zucchini, tomatoes and a variety of squash. I would suggest getting there early, I got there at about 7:30am and there was about a 20 minute wait.I saw a lot of people bring their own boxes, but I just grabbed one while I was there. I'm going to have soooooo many recipes to look up!Also, the people working the vegetable checks and everything are wry sweet, if you aren't sure what something is or what to cook with it... Just ask! They give great advice.
