5	We just had 2 exterior doors replaced by Strong Home Improvement and we love them!!! Travis was a delight to work with - friendly, professional and a great work ethic. I am a very picky home owner and have been known to be a little difficult :) but Travis was able to meet all of my expectations. He came over twice to get the specifics, he explained to me exactly what he was going to do and kept me updated during the project. He was on-time and cleaned-up everything after he was done. We have a great new front door and the backdoor looks great too!I have a couple more projects for Travis and I feel confident in recommending Strong Home Improvement to my friends and family.
5	I hired  strong home improvements to build me a room instead I wound up with a piece of art. The craftsmanship he did for me was phenomenal. This room started out as just a room it was to be the beginning of my business , with much discussion on ideas that we had  and his expertise in the building area  and very fair pricing. we came out with the most beautiful room with a radius wall that you could ever imagine and Just how I envisioned it to be , with praises from clients on the looks of the place , I have deepest gratitude to Travis  Strong owner of Strong home improvements. If you want it done right Strong home improvements  is the way to go .... Thank you Travis Strong !
5	Travis (Strong Home Improvement) was recommended to us by a local painter as someone who would be able to remodel our master bathroom.  We were impressed from the first time we met him.  The bathroom remodel went above and beyond our expectations.  He completed the job on time and at a very reasonable cost.  His design ideas were creative and unique, and, as a result, we have a beautiful new bathroom. If you want a job done right, on time, and at a reasonable cost, we highly recommend you call Travis at Strong Home Improvement.
5	Travis is a very effective and efficient contractor. He has helped me to craft some spaces in my businesses. That I otherwise would not have known what to do with. He is as creative as he is effective! Very rare trait to find in a contractor.
5	I was in need of finding an honest, prompt, and affordable Contractor. Travis was highly recommended to me by a friend who's used him several times for his studio design. I also had a chance to check out his Yelp reviews and thought they  were pretty consistent and so I called. I own an airbrush tanning studio in Phoenix and needed to create more efficient lighting where I tan my clients to avoid any shadows on their skin, especially at night. I also needed to install an exhaust fan to help with the overspray of organic tanning solution that tends to spread throughout my studio. Speaking to Travis over the phone for the first time, I knew I had made the right decision. I was extremely impressed that he had already done some research on exhaust fans even before speaking to me thanks to my friend who had given him a heads up that I'd be calling! Not a lot of people would take the initiative to do some research even before speaking to their potential client, but Travis did. I felt like we were already off to a great start and within a few days, we met at my studio so that he could see how everything would flow. He showed up on-time, was extremely helpful, insightful, and professional.Within one afternoon, Travis had installed my lights, plus another set of unexpected track lights last minute, and though we concluded the fan he ordered wasn't strong enough for my studio space, he didn't charge me for it. He also covered my desk and retail shelves with plastic to avoid any dust getting anywhere and vacuumed the floors after he was done. Long story short, hire Travis. His rates are fair, he's prompt, clean, attentive, honest (had saved receipts for everything he purchased) and does an incredible job well done.Without a doubt, I will be using Travis again in the future.
1	Well, so much for this guy.  Looks like he does great work, but we'll never find out.  Chatted with him on the phone, set up an appointment for him to come by and give us some bathroom remodeling ideas on the following Monday (Tuesday if his job ran long on Monday).  Monday came and went, Tuesday came and went..... never came by, never heard from him.  It takes 2-3 minutes max to make a call and say "I need to reschedule, something came up."  If he flaked out on the initial appt, what would happen if we actually hired him?
