4	Alas, I confess: this is my favorite Starbucks. Alas, I declare: this is the only one I pretend to like. Alas, it's true: I've been converted. I used to hate Starbucks. You know, it was the "Big Man On Top" disgust. But, given some time, this Starbucks has won me over. Maybe it's the cute red head behind the counter who always flirts with me. Maybe it's the breakfast sandwiches, the relaxed atmosphere that sparks my creativity, the clever marketing pitches and the cheese platter with pesto jack and apple slices. Or, maybe, simply, it's the coffee - like the Christmas blend or the double espresso shot mixed with milk. Whatever it is, I'm a believer. This Starbucks is about 2 miles from my office. It's my escape sometimes, my light at the end of the tunnel, my rescue from groggy mornings and afternoon fatigue. It is, let's face it, the only java mecca within a 5 mile radius. Sure, Starbucks may still be the "Big Man On Top," but I'm okay with that, finally. I think they won me over with Bob Dylan tunes, casual flirtations and a hot peppermint soy latte. (Although there's some rebelliousness still that prevents me from giving this place 5 stars.)Starbucks, I'm smitten with you. Act nice and gentle to me, please.
4	Starbucks coffee close to the tram, get a Venti and hop back on!
3	Good service, but this one is always so busy
1	Slowest starbucks ever. Last time there, a high school kid went to the girl that should have been preparing drinks and started flirting instead of making drinks at the same time. Reported to manager. No improvement. Others reported that this location is habitually slow with regards to service, and employees seem to care less about customers, who without them, they wouldn't be getting paychecks.
4	For how busy they were at 7:45 on a Friday morning, I was out of there relatively quickly.
4	Great Starbucks location, love the fact there is a drive through (on my way to work!) and the barista's are super friendly and helpful. Have had many instances where they have been more than willing to help me create a new drink and help me understand how to order it :)Downfall: This one location closes fairly early, since it is in a industrial/commerical. The access to get to the drive through from Washington is only Westbound. Easier to get in from Priest.
3	Need coffee on your way to Phoenix Muni? BAM! here you go. Friendly Batista that juggled the busy in-store customers and drive-thru customers. The espresso was Starbucks which means, normal. Nothing spectacular.They did have clean restroom facilities! Definitely a plus.A/C: of course, it's the desert.Cure your hangover, or preemptive strike; either way, it works.
3	Everyone knows how it tastes. My new crush is Blue Bottle Coffee
2	I've been to this location one too many times and figured it was about time I write this. Although it is conveniently located down the street from place, it has continued to offer sub-par service for the past 5 months. While the staff is...mostly...friendly, they are very unprofessional and spend more time openly talking to eachother about their personal lives than to me. As for drinks, 9 times out of 10 my order is made wrong. Iced coffee sweetened with cream? How do I end up with everything BUT that? Not to mention they've forgotten my food order multiple times and I've had to ask for it again.  I wish I could say it was just me but my boyfriend usually stops by on his way to work and has just as bad a time. Manager, please save your store!
3	After a few months of continuing to stop by this location (again, it's conveniently located between my place and the freeway) it has begun to show some much needed improvements. Service is much quicker and the baristas are more friendly and professional. The only thing this place needs now is a little more consistency. The other day I waited 20 mins for my drink and a muffin...the day before I was on and out in less than 5 mins.
4	Came to this Starbucks on my way to work and grabbed a Venti Peppermint Hot Chocolate. I like the location and the fact it's right acrossed from work. However, the one detractor I've found is trying to get out of their parking lot without getting hit by someone entering their drive thru line. Whoever designed this should have taken that into consideration firsthand. I don't want to fear I'll get hit each time I leave there!Their baristas are very friendly and efficient. The store itself is very clean and well organized and very open. I'll also remember this for days I go to Phoenix Muni for a Spring Training game, as its right on the way to the ballpark.
1	This place used to be okay but now it is awful. They must have had a change in management. Cashiers make constant mistakes and the drive-through took 40 minutes today. I will not go back.
1	Not a fan of this Starbucks. Baristas are rude and stingy. There comfy chairs at this one which is nice but doesn't make up for the less than satisfactory service.
1	This store needs a lot of help at the drive through. The line is always backed up. Skip this store and head to one nearby so u aren't late for work.
3	It's a Starbucks, what can I say.  The morning crew starts real early and has got their shit together.  They remember the regulars and their weird orders (I hate to admit it, but I am one of those, though I've seen a lady have her entire cup coated in caramel before having any coffee poured in, and they carried out her order, no questions asked).  They churn out drinks like no other, but it seems to be a thing at this Starbucks not to write your name down on the cup, so just listen out for your order cause things get a little crazy in the mornings.In the afternoons, things are a lot quieter and service can be rather inconsistent.  I ordered a pastry once and stood there for the longest time as the girl who was supposed to get my pastry, took off her gloves, decided to take out the trash, stopped to talk to her coworker, before realizing I had been standing there the entire time, and finally asked if I needed help with something.  Yes, my order's on the screen, thank you very much.  But that was about the only bad experience I've had at this Starbucks.  Not counting the general nonchalant attitude of the afternoon crew, that is.
5	Even though they were busy as usual, Aaron was very nice & he even came around the counter to give me my almond croissant at the exact time the barista called my name for my drink. Keep it up!!!!
