1	Terrible office staff service. I've worked in the medical office so I know how it works and I probably do have higher standard for the service but they get paid for the service they provide and should treat their patients with better attitude. Phone calls are never answered (except for the appointment) or returned. I would never go back to this office ever again, not because of the docs as I didn't even get to meet him but because of the office staff. Seriously.
4	I just moved to Vegas in February and recently have been needing to see a doctor. I went to an urgent care about 2 weeks ago and was terribly unhappy with the doctor I saw. He didn't listen to me, didn't treat my condition correctly, and required a follow up appointment,On the day of my followup appointment I decided I didn't want to return to that doctor so I took to a website called ZocDoc to find a doctor near my work that would take me same day. I finally ended up making an appointment to go to Community Family Doctors Ltd.I had come here before, but ended up having to leave before I was called due to having to go back to work. I had filled out the new patient paperwork. I filled out the new patient paperwork again this time prior to my visit in order to save time if they hadn't kept it on file. To my surprise when I walked in the lady at the desk already had me checked and had verified my insurance! I was called back within 10 minutes. My nurse was friendly and personable, made me feel very comfortable. I was seen by A.J. Marlon, and as a first time patient, I was nervous about whether or not he would actually listen to what I was saying. Not only did he listen to me, but he took notes on everything I said and made me extremely comfortable. He was knowledgeable and warm. He gave me referrals to other specialists in town that he trusts which I really appreciated because I have been having a very hard time finding good doctors.I proceeded to get blood work done, and the phlebotomist was very good. Usually people are not able to locate the veins i my arm and have to get it through my hand, but she nailed it on my arm first try.Overall I was very pleased with my experience and think I have found a great doctor in this area. I would definitely recommend Community Family Doctors Ltd.
1	This office is HORRIBLE I will NEVER go back here again and Diane in the front office and so rude. She was acting like a real you know what I don't know if her day was bad but that has nothing to do with the patience coming into the office. All they are worried about is making it to lunch on time. Never again!
1	Avoid this place if you can!!  I came here with my husband for an immigration physical that he needed (the immigration department only accepts a short list of Dr's and one of them at this practice is on this list). We had to come here a total of 3 times, and wait over an hour the first time, a half hour the second and an hour just to pick up our documents.  The nurses were awful with people, one of the secretaries was completely incompetent but felt it appropriate to be condescending when we pointed out the copies we were given were not correct and the forms they should be experts on were not correctly filled out.  All in all, the long wait time, incompetence and unfriendliness of the staff makes this a place I will never come back and am urging all Yelpers to stay away from.
1	Not a good experience,  I went with my husband for a physical and they didn't do anything.  All they did was send him to another doctor for a colonoscopy. No blood work or tests of any kind.  I  specifically asked for my husband to be given a  complete physical including a shingles shot,  which they refused to give him.
