3	When travelling in North America I will always save cash on hotels for "miscellanious expenses" (cabs, drinks, food).The Quality Inn Downtown Montreal offers fantastic rates, I think I paid $80 for a double room with king bed and pull out bed. The room itself was large, and we had a great balcony with a view of Montreal and the st lawrence (tenth floor is great). The room itself was very basic as you do get what you pay for and this is an older building without many if any upgrades - but it was clean and oh so convenient for my visit to Montreal.Staff was also great and answered our various questions which usually consisted of "How do we get here" and "Where is open in terms of nightclubs tonight?"I would stay again.
4	is this 3 4 star reviews in a row? have i gone soft? quality in looks like crap from the outside, hell even the hallways look like crap.  but the rooms are not far off from the significantly more expensive marriott's.  you would expect it to be very noisy as it's next to the madhatter but the walls are solid, couldn't hear a thing and slept like a baby.the bathrooms are really up to date, very clean and the showers are AWESOME, great water pressure.the elevators are a bit small, a bike and 3 people barely fit but just make two trips.  parking is by the hour for 20 bucks for all day (pretty standard i montreal). due to construction you have to walk down the street for the continental breakfast, which is a toasted baguette with butter and jam.  you can credit the 4 dollars towards a more expensive hot breakfast though.  i didn't have it, but my family did and said the food was pretty good.
4	I've stayed at this location on 3 separate occasions and it's on my list of go-to places when in Montreal. The room was clean and the bathroom looked recently renovated. Last time I was there a friend & I were in the 2 Queen Bed suite, which was pretty large & roomy with a nice sitting area. The size and comfort of the room is comparable to the 1 Bedroom Suite at the Residence Inn on Peel St. but for 1/2 the price, and you get a balcony here.  We arrived at around 12:30pm, but unfortunately couldn't check in until 3pm. The woman at the front desk took my request for a Crescent St. facing high floor (for the balcony/view) and told us she could hold our bags until we check in at 3... which was very helpful. For the price and location this hotel is a steal. There's a outdoors parking lot located next door to the hotel (it has been $20 per night all 3 times I've stayed). Being located on Crescent St. is huge for those of you looking for some fun nightlife. You're literally right in the center of everything. That being said, if you're not the type that is into late nights (including the noise that goes with those late nights) I wouldn't recommend it, just saying. I definitely intend on staying here again in the future. I would recommend it for a guys weekend / hockey game trip, couples looking for a no frills getaway (very simple, not romantic), or a single person on a budget.
4	For the price and location it is 5 stars. I went to Montreal with two buddy's on short notice. We decided to go on a Thursday booked the room that night and showed up on Friday.Crescent street is one of the busiest bar streets in Downtown Montreal. The room was like $100 a night split 3 ways. All we needed was a place to rest our heads after long days and nights of drinking. Mad Hatters is next door and it's pretty cool. They switch up the music enough for everyone to like something. Dr. Dre followed by Pantera... booya. I'm very low maintenance when it comes to hotels so I guess I never have much to say about the staff. Yeah parking costs a couple of bucks, but growing up outside NYC everything is cheap in comparison. I'd stay here again when I'm allowed back in Canada!
4	Room was great, staff were polite and helpful.
4	Not that pretty to look at but it has a great personality.  You're literally across the street from Hurley's Pub and there are plenty of other pubs and clubs and restaurants in the area.  St. Catherine is less than a block to the left.  The Lucien L'Allier Metro stop is about a block-and-a-half to the right, and Old Montreal is three stops on the Metro from there.  The hotel has been remodeled and although the rooms are basic, they're functional and nice.  A great shower.  A comfy bed.  A fridge in the room.  Free continental breakfast.  Free wi-fi (which barely works most of the time, seems to do a little better if you stand in the hallway.)  Compared to other hotels in Montreal, price and location-wise this place is a bargain.Note:  There's lots of activity along Crescent Street in front of the hotel, and there are some condos going up in the rear of the hotel.  Request a room on a high floor (10+) in the front and you should be ok.  The A/C should drown out any street noise.  You can park your car next door or across the street - $20/day (cash).
3	This was the cheapest location we found for our Montreal trip (early August, for Osheaga), and I have zero complaints about it. We were pleasantly surprised to find our room had a balcony. There's also a bunch of bars right outside the door. And the free breakfast was a nice touch as well. PS. There's a deli/store on the same side as the hotel, on the same block - they have a sign that says "Best poutine in Montreal" - don't be stupid. You already KNOW this is not the best poutine in the city - don't be tempted. Go get some falafels/gyros up the street instead.
2	Place needs an update big time. Room and beds are decent. Elevator and hallways are run down. Neighborhood is under construction but overall it's ok. Lots of bars and night life. Would give it another star but not for the price I paid.
