5	We had a major issue with our sewer line because of some tree roots that grew into them. We had received a quote from George Brazil for almost $3500, which is why we went with Service Arizona Plumbing about $1400 cheaper. Plus, they said if the issue was further in the line they would fix it too without charge something George Brazil said they would (would be another charge). Jason came out and looked into what was wrong just to make sure and didn't even charge us for that. He came out on Monday afternoon and told us he would start Tuesday at 6am. Now the only bad thing I can say about them is that they didn't show up till 830, but they did work till 7pm and got everything fixed which was really important to us. And they didn't charge us extra from what they said their estimate was. Really like that! These will be my go to guys from now on. I am going to give them another try on the appointment time. If I could give them 4.75 stars for being late I would, but because of the price and quality of work they get my 5 star review. Check out homeadvisor . com thats how I found them.
1	Forget these flakes.  They promised to come for several days in a row.  Never showed up, never called.
1	I used this company for redoing all my pipes in my home.  There work was poor quality, pipes not secured. The lines slip in an out of the drywall.  poor job of painting.  I had a leak following 2 months in my hall.   .   Jason(owner of Service Az) came by and stated it was the air conditioner.  Stated he fixed it. That following night the whole ceiling collapsed.  Had another company come in and do repairs. Called air conditioner company and they sent a service person by.  Stated is was NOT the air conditioner.  Had a property inspector come by and check it.  He stated is was NOT the air conditioner and had found a new/different connection in the new pipes directly over the water damaged area .  Jason(the owner) stated he would come by and take a picture of how he fixed my air conditioner.  Never showed up. Am still waiting.  Had a five year warranty on labor and parts.  Apparently it is worth nothing. All I wanted him to do was reimbursement my cost for having the damage repaired.  $389.00..  I would not recommend this company for any plumbing needs.M Potter -Chandler, Az
1	Terrible customer service.  Schedule two times to meet at our home -- never appeared and never called.  Didn't return our calls.  While they seem like nice guys, their work ethic is terrible and their broken promises made me look elsewhere for help.
