3	My friend Esther and I were meeting friends at Fado and we got there a little early and had some time to kill.  Neither of us had ever been to the Drop Bar and since it's just across the way we dedided to, uh, drop in.Normally, a place like this would get 2 stars from me.  It's more of a casual ultra-lounge filled with cocktail dresses and sportcoats.  Kind of a pre-club get-together place if you will.  The drinks are pricey, the TVs show a smattering of nothing worth noting, and while the music IS a little more varied than other places it still runs the line of wussy and boring for me.  However, the room is just so visually fun, and really, really comfortable.  The sphere lights, smooth edges, and crisp whiteness of everything invokes a 60s mod feeling that's just out of this world and completely removed from the casino surrounding it.  The barstools besides looking awesome are actually comfortable, as is the bench seating around the perimeter. I wouldn't go out with the express purpose of hanging here, but if it came up I wouldn't be completely opposed.
2	Every casino has a bar in the middle of the casino floor (at least in Vegas) and the Drop Bar just happens to be the one for the Green Valley Ranch.  Expect drink prices to be $10+ for various cocktails that would cost less than $8 elsewhere.  Its all about the scene here, with the lavish / posh velvet seats and eye candy surrounding the circular bar.  This is certainly not so much of a place to mingle as it is to observe the scene like any pretentious place in Vegas.  Overall the bartenders are friendly and the drinks could be more strong.   While one should never go out of their way to come here, its barely worth coming here while on the casino floor at GVR.  One would be better off getting their drinks from the cocktail waitresses.
4	Small circle bar in the middle of GVR. It has a few big flat screens to view music videos or sporting events. They also offer Hooka smoking and bottle service. The drinks are good and the service is good. I will come back again
4	Easy to find, centrally located within GVR.  Drop bar is better than the average "center casino" bar.   Decent couch set-up for groups that are not always "RESERVED" (reserved for who exactly??), good lighting and ambiance.Mixed quality on service.  First waitress was fun and engaging (we had a group of 9)....the waitress who relieved her though literally acted like every drink order was an irritation.   Maybe we don't count if we aren't poppin bottles?  I ended up walking to the bar and ordering the remainder of my drinks from the very fun and friendly guy there...The crowd that night was good, we had no trouble striking up convo and jokes with our neighbors and guys at the bar.  But that is often the case at GVR...a little less pretense than strip casinos in my experience.But the highlight were the 80's and 90's videos that were playing...across a wiiiiiiiide variety of genre's.  i did get some crazy looks from the rest of the crew when I broke out into the Safety Dance....oh well, it's my movie...ACTION!net net:  Drop Bar might actually pass as a destination, not just a pit stop.
4	With the family in LV it's home away from home. Drop Bar is a great local hang out if your not feeling the club scene on the strip.  It's more ultra lounge, yet the music and big screens make you feel like your in a club. Big comfy couches are great for hanging out and making new friends. You can even share a hookah with your neighbors. I always have fun there and meet cool people. Check it out!
3	So I can only review the couches outside the Drop bar because that's as far as I have ever made it :-) My friends and I meet here after movies sometimes to smoke cigars. There is never anybody sitting there and nobody ever asks you if you want something (which is good and bad). So next time you want some nice couches to hang with friends and not be bothered...grab your own beverage and head to the outside of the Drop bar!
4	I have been here a few times now and every time has been very enjoyable. Including last night. Goods drinks and a very cool atmosphere. Its a good place to meet up with some friends since there is plenty of seating. I have never had a problem sitting on the sofas inside if its not busy even though they say reserved.
3	Oh, The Drop. Since this is pretty much the only lounge/bar with in the GVR, we ended up here pretty much every night/morning of our trip.Small, but conveniently laid out with plenty of couch seating. It's located in the center of GVR casino area, so it was hard to miss :-)Good service, good cocktails, nothing spectacular, but still a decent spot to entertain your coworkers and clients. The music comes in a form of very random videos, so from Bon Jovi to Pitbull, there is something for everyone.
3	Easy to find in GVR, it is a nice place that is laid out in a circle formation. It has music and a little more dressed up crowd.  The funny thing is that beers in this bar are 6 dollars and at Quinns you get them for three ha.  It is cool, but hard to move around when it is crowded.  They also play a lot of random music videos and songs throughout the night.
5	Inside the Green Valley Ranch. Its a small bar with big options a character. They have big screen tvs, Live DJ on weekends and hookah avaiable at nighttime. You can smoke cigareets and cigars inside too.The girls working there tending bar and cocktail waitress' are stellar in looks, performace and personality. They make it happen and thats why I keep going back over and over. I LOVE  THIS PLACE!
3	In the middle of the casino floor at Green Valley, so basically smokers in the bar and around it, but not terrible. Cute & friendly female bartenders.  Looks wise I'd best call it a modern upscale sports lounge.  There's a bunch of screens all around to watch your games and if you get bored, there's also hookahs available for rental.  Decent music with actual music videos on some of the TVs, found myself bobbing my head to quite a few classic 80's vids. It was pretty empty the 3 times I went there during the week, but again early March I don't expect much of a crowd in and around Vegas. Drinks were typical hotel pricing, so not cheap.  Not too loud music wise so you can have a conversation there.  Check it out if you're looking for a drink in more "upscale" environment.
4	Came here on a Friday night and was very pleased with the music; top 40 and hip hop.  You don't find that often here in Las Vegas.  It's always some kind of high energy, house, or trance music playing at every lounge and club you go to.  We also came on a Saturday night and they played the music I didn't like.  So this place lacks the 5th star due to inconsistency, and the fact that they don't have a small dance floor to get people to dance.  There should more dancing!I do like how they offer bottle service and hookah services as well.  Great place to hang out and chill; even better - there's a casino right outside.Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (47/365).
5	This little bar / lounge is located inside the Green Valley Ranch. Right across from Hanks.Inside its really laid back with a dark modern contemporary theme. There are big comfortable couches to relax on and big enough for just 1 or a group.Very cool.The bartenders and cocktail girls ate all really friendly and will talk and sit with you - if you got it like that.The drinks options are really any and they'll accommodate about any request for specialty or exotic liquors. Drink prices are a little on the high side but well worth it if you're interested in the entire experience.Theres a huge variance in customer types.  So you can go most any day or night and feel that your in the right place. If you have "special needs", then take ur fantasy to that spot( make sure to tell me - just for research of course ).To sum it up: I love this place for a bunch or reasons, but mainly cuz I can relax even when its busy I like the flowwwww.
4	After years of mostly ignoring this bar due to a few poor experiences, I returned to give it another chance. Service seems to have made a turn for the much better. I always liked the decor and the old school videos and music are a plus. It's a gaming bar, though there is space for socializing at the bar or the couches surrounding the bar. I've always enjoyed the drinks, which of course are complimentary while gaming. You can choose from 25 cent minimum machines or $1 machines. They usually pour a mean martini and have decent wine. Service is generally quick and friendly. The Drop Bar can serve as an upscale escape from the surrounding casino vibe.
5	Went here a few months ago with my ex and it was fabulous! I've been to GVR many times, I'm not sure why we didn't spend more time in this beauty of a bar!First, it's dark and cool inside. Good music, attentive bartenders and a smoky, cool vibe that makes you want to burrow in, drink and cuddle all night! The drinks were out of this world. They don't skimp on alcohol, that's for sure! I had started out drinking doubles (what, I'm a DRINKER, it's what I do) and had to mellow out to singles before too long! The service was speedy, didn't have to wait for drinks. The music was loud enough to hear, but low enough to talk over. The furnishings are dark and decadent. You sink in and don't want to get back up.I suppose the only downfall is that it's in the middle of a casino and I prefer to just pull up to my bar and walk into it. Other than that, it's perfection.Also: SEXY (this bar totally is)I love this bar and will be making many more appearances to be sure!
1	Service and liquor selection = not worth a return trip. Too many great bars in Vegas with same drink prices to bother going back.
5	Great decor and music.  Drink prices are pretty high but GVR is really nice so it's OK.  Buy a cheap beer at Quinns and take it to Drop.  :)
5	Before we moved to Summerlin, this was our favorite haunt.  GREAT service and an amazing crew!
3	I've been coming in to Drop Bar for over a year, and service is consistently good. I get "free well drink" tickets every week, when I cash my paycheck, so I always pop in here for a quick shot of whiskey or tequila.Their well drinks are not great, but they're higher quality than some places...Its dark, and sometimes they have live musicians, which is fun.  I can't comment on the prices, because I always use my free tickets here, but the service is definitely good...I'd probably stop in here for a drink without a ticket, if I'm in the area.
2	No longer has hookah :( A friend of mine wanted to go to chill at a hookah lounge we tried calling before we went but didn't get an answer.  So we said we would just try it since it was in Green valley casino which is down the street from me. When we got there the atmosphere was nice live singer but not what we were looking for. I also felt like something was biting me when I was sitting on the couches.
2	It is a rather small bar inside of GVR, with a small staff, needless to say it will take you awhile to get a drink.If you are looking for something with barely there lighting, and a small group, then this may be the place for you. It's very low key.
5	This is a good place to chill and gamble while you have some drinks. They usually comp your drink, as long as you have money in the machine. Great service.
5	Great little bar Sunday night great music Shawn Eifferman was playing there tonight, one of my favorite Vegas musicians he was with Ryan Whyte Maloney who is also good.
