1	Do not buy trees from this website.  I bought 3 Sky Pencil Holly trees from Fast growing trees on the online website.  The price was $40.46 per tree.  Less then a week later the price dropped to 50% off.  The trees are currently being sold at $26 per tree.  I called the company to get a price guarantee and they refused, quoting 'perishable goods'.  They just lost all my business from my family and friends.
1	I would give zero stars if I could. This company seems to sell dead or dying plants and I agree that they are probably dumping 1 gallon plants into 3 gallon pots so they can say that they are large 3 galon plants. I received a tiny tea plant from them that is in a one gallon pot and only 17 inches tall, spindly and crooked. I emaile the company today but based on feedback I've seen so far I doubt I will receive a resolution to this issue.  I wonder if we all should conact the better business bureau? In any case I am going to give this company a chance to resolve the issues I'm having with the plants I ordered.  I will post a follow up posting once I hear from them. I also wonder if I can work with my credit card company to see if I can claim a fraud charge?  Only time will tell.  Stay tuned and I'll update accordingly.
2	Wellllll, jury's still out.Bad part is that the Willow Hybrid starts for the trees we received were basically 5 foot twigs.  One had a few active buds, the other one had dried out stubs.  Predictably, the former stayed alive, although it has yet to really thrive as advertised, while the other died.  To their credit, they did send a replacement, and it does seem to be a healthier twig (lol).We'll see how they fare over the next several months and will update our review at that time.  To date, they seem sincere and responsive, but the promise of product has so far been unrealized.
2	Order 2 overpriced trees. My main problem is not getting any responds from them. Hopefully this third email will get their attention.  I say this is bad service. Products could be much better and fair priced
3	I was contacted by email and my issue was resolved to my satisfaction. The company gave me what I considered a fair credit  for two of the plants that I had issues with (they partially refunded my credit card). So I basically ended up paying what I thought was a fair price for the plants since they were so small. I was fine with this resolution as I wanted to pay for the plants I received but not at the price that they had originally been sold to me for. I settled on what I thought was fair for both parties. I also received a telephone call from someone at the company which I appreciated. I think if you're having issues with the plants that you received from them -if you contact them and be persistent they will try to come to a resolution.
4	We recently purchased 20 cypress trees from Fast-Growing-Trees. The order was filled and shipped promptly.  When the trees arrived, we realized that they would not work for our landscaping needs.  We called customer service and they graciously agreed to accept a return of the trees for a full, prompt refund.  (They also offered us the option to keep the trees and accept a 50% refund.) We are very happy with their service.
