2	So, when I was much younger I went to Christos and it was the first place I had escargot.  I remember the good food and calm environment.  Sadly, it appears things have changed since I was a child.  I was with my parents and we arrived later then our reservations had claimed we would.  The workers were very nice and said they would try to fit us in the best they could.  People kept on walking though the door with reservation after reservation.  We waited maybe 15 minutes until we were seated.  After a short time our waiter came by and rattled through the specials.  Once he left we were unsure of what he actually said.  I knew before I arrived I would order some escargot and decided to go with some kind of halibut special.  The escargot came and did not taste as great as I had remembered.  It was all right, don't get me wrong but did not stand out.  Our meals came with salad and soup.  The salad had more then enough dressing, luckily the dressing was good.  The food arrived but did not impress.  The plate looked very plain with items not being placed in any nice manner. The halibut was slightly over cooked and did not have much flavor.  It was difficult to speak to one another over the many other loud conversations.  It would have been nice if the food was as good as I had remembered it.
4	The food is modestly priced and I was impressed. Our waitress was very nice and told us our specials. I went with the angel hair with shrimp and it came with a whole bunch of shrimp. Usually you order something like that and it comes with a few shrimp, but I was shocked at how much came on my dish.If I live here ever again I would go back again and again, it's an upscale feel but the prices are very low and the food is delicious.
4	Very good food and if your lucky enough to get Warren as your waiter, exceptional, well informed service.  Wine list is good and very reasonable -  Berringer Knights Valley Cab for $30 when it sells at costco for 20+ - great deal.
5	Having grown up in a city with a large traditional Italian neighborhood, full of large traditional Italian restaurants, the first thing I tried to find in Phoenix was a good plate of tortellini and a decent piece of Veal Genovese.  I found them at Christos.The atmosphere at Christos is very traditional... white tablecloth, stemware, cloth napkin and flower centerpieces.  It feels special when you come here for a meal, but the meal is very reasonably priced.The menu is traditional, with dishes like Pasta Primavera, Linguine with Clam Sauce, Chicken or Veal Saltimbucca, Canneloni, Chicken, eggplant or Veal Parmigiana.  They have Cioppino, decent salads and a good wine list.  What more could you ask for?
3	I was here with a very large group, so I'm trying to take that into account when judging the service... and actually the service wasn't bad. The restaurant itself had a bit of an odor to it near the front, but it was nice enough inside. Our table was next to a baby grand where someone was layin out some decent lounge. It provided an interesting atmosphere.The food... they had a lot of specials and it was really too much to keep track of - I come to find out they are 8 - 15 bucks more than a regular menu item anyway, so I abandoned that idea. I ended up with Fettuccine Alfredo with Chicken. The bread they gave us was good. For our first course, they brought out some potato soup for every one - including me, even though I said I wouldn't eat it... kinda wasteful when some of their dishes "go to feed the homeless" (whatever that means). They brought out a salad as well - I ordered a Caesar which carried an up-charge from the standard house salad of 3.50. The Caesar was drowning in dressing and all the salads just seemed plopped on the plate after being slathered in heavy dressing. At these prices with courses and such, I kinda expect a little more attention to be paid to presentation. As I said though, we were a large group and they were very good about getting our food out in a timely fashion.Our entrees were also drowning in sauce. My Alfredo was tasty and the chicken was really good, but the noodles were a little chopped up and difficult to fork up and it was a little too rich and heavy for me. I still feel kinda greasy.I think this place would earn 4 stars if the prices were more reasonable. We paid 85 bucks between two of us and that included a bottle of wine for 24 bucks (their cheapest red - which I had before elsewhere and was actually very good). I think this is a good place, but I think it sees itself as being better than it is. In some ways, it lives up to these self-imposed expectations and in other ways it doesn't. I liked it, but I didn't love it.
4	I will be the first one to admit that this place would have gotten 5 stars when I first went there 7 years ago.I went there with a bunch of other Yelpers Thursday...so there were about 20 of us...so this is going to be more about the food then anything else.  I am not going to rate the service, though our waiter, Guy, did a good job considering the large group.  Really couldn't complain about that.I wasn't a big fan of the wine...but that definitely could have been my fault.  (I have been told in the past that my taste in wine can be better)   Sarah G and I shared the Calamari...which I thought was very full of flavor and cook just right.  The Potato soup was ok...a little too watery for my taste.  I loved the salad especially the house dressing.  I think that was the best part of the meal.  Of course by the time I got my main course, I was full.  But I did eat all of my veggies and half of my chicken (which said it came with lemon butter sauce...but that sauce was not lemony and it had mushrooms on it...which this chicken dish was not supposed to have...oh well.)  I did try Gabi's Sea Bass...now that was yummy!5 stars though for the awesome company!!!!
3	Highlights of Christo's* The neighborhoody Italian cafe feel of the restaurant.* Decent food with run-of-the-mill upscale Italian variety.* Piano jazz player serenading guests.* Crowd with a decidedly old-money North Central Phoenix feel as opposed to the "I eat cat food and go to buffets" Sun City feel. * Professional servers with the memory of an elephant and the attitude of a menopausal woman.I had not been to Christo's in a few years, but upon returning I found the food and atmosphere to be just as consistent.  The restaurant is very neighborhoody and inviting. The white tablecloths and piano player in the corner set the mood just right. You see diners here running into old friends at the bar. I did as well.  Little old bitties threw their judging looks our way from the bar, since our table of 20 is young, mostly female, we must all be lesbians, right?   Right.  Consistently good food, not great and not excellent, but good.   Modest soups and side salads here are part of the drill.  I ordered the chicken limone, breaded and prepared similar to chicken picatta but minus the capers.  I tasted my friend's grilled salmon and penne and it was delicious. Considering out large party, the restaurant handled us OK, especially given the the busyness of the evening since it was Dining Out for Life evening where they donate proceeds toward HIV charities.I extended the benefit of the doubt, but expressed concerns over the somewhat long wait time.   It was nearly 10 pm when we left given our 7:30 reservations, in which we were promptly seated.  Our server,  who was skilled at reciting the dozen or so specials of the day, was accommodating, up until the billing situation (which I prepared him for beforehand) - when he turned a little catty, but all was well in the end. This is a 3 star place with potential for four stars.
5	I have to say,I have been going to this ristorante for the past twenty years with my family.  Every time we go there we have the same server.  We are always greeted well and the alfredo is amazing, and so is the sea bass,  the halibut, and  veal chop.  The homemade house salad dressing is one of a kind too.  The new bar/ lounge area is nice and the pianist is a nice touch.  Love Christo's.
1	I have a degree in hotel and restaurant management so you could probably say that i am a little more critical than most people when it comes to eating out.  Tonight my girlfriend and I went to Christo's.  Our server was horribly slow at taking our drink orders and a table that came in after us already had their salads before we had even placed our order.  The food was mediocre at best we got to go boxes because after an hour of sitting in the restaurant that apparently caters to close personal friends of Abe Lincoln that have nothing more to do than waste an evening at an overpriced restaurant to fill up on caesar salad that tastes like it was dipped in anchovy paste and wish that you hadn't ordered the veal genovese because it just looks like someone threw up on your plate you just want to get out of there.
4	Christo's has been one of my favorites for many years - my dad used to take me there when I'd go to the office with him as a little kid (I think they still have some of the same waiters as back then!). It's not the finest Italian food in the city, but it's consistently very good. I always get the same thing - halibut in a lemon, butter, garlic sauce with a side order of fettuccini alfredo. Halibut is not on the menu, but they always have it as a special (with different sauces) and they'll make it however you like it. Their entrees are very reasonably priced, and come with a salad with a great mustard dressing...however, they tend to have a heavy hand with the dressing, so you might want to ask for it on the side, or ask for light dressing. The service is friendly and the atmosphere at lunch is "business casual"...while it's a white tablecloth kind of place, you'll find people dressed in everything from jeans to suits. And it's not unusual to spot a governor or mayor here.
3	For a nondescript, strip mall of a location Christo's pours on the charm of old Italian flare.For our family thanksgiving, we all decided to celebrate my birthday, parents anniversary, sister's birthday and realtor's birthday all in one shot; nice treat was this place is around the corner from my sisters house.We ordered a bevy of dishes and i got the lamb shank. The chicken soup and salad that comes with the meal is a nice treat and the creme brulee dessert is especially good.The food is good but not outstanding.For next year family gathering, I hope we get to explore more of the cuisine of the local hood.
4	If I had to imagine what the dining experience would have been like a couple of decades ago for the first and second generation Italian families living in middle America it would probably look something like Christos.  The place has that ambiance and charm that say's "You're Family"....sorry Olive Garden.The food is good and while there are other Italian places in town that are arguably better in quality and taste, none of them really beat this place in terms of authentic Italiian-American atmosphere.  The place is up there with Durant's, Monti's, and TeePee's as essential Phoenix dining landmarks.
4	Been here a couple of times. The first time was to take a date there for his birthday dinner. He is Italian and I wanted to take him out for a good Italian dinner. I have little experience with Italian so after asking around I found out about this place. He gave it really good compliments (yay for me picking a good place!) and I thought it was good as well. First time I went we had AMAZING service! Second was decent service, not quite as attentive as the first time, but also it was a winter formal night for a high school nearby so I'll let it slide.
4	Have been here twice, and the service and food have both been extremely good. They have a pretty good wine list too here.
4	I've gone twice and have had a great experience on both occasions. The servers have been very knowledgeable and friendly. This is a perfect date night restaurant. I've had the shrimp linguine on both occasions and just love it. I recommend this place to anyone looking for a place where you can get a little more dressed up than usual and enjoy a lovely evening of food and wine.
5	It is not too often I am overly impressed. However, Christo's did just that yesterday when I had lunch there.My boss decided to take me and 2 of my coworkers to lunch for my birthday. He (my boss) really had some making up to do since last year he got me a 50 cent crappy brownie and put a candle in it and sang me happy birthday. He was definitely in the dog house. So I knew this year he was going to bring his A-game...hopefully. His choice is restaurants leaves a bit to be desired. Of course I did some research and Christo's appeared to be OK. So I felt a little at ease this time.I get there early and wait for my party. The hostess is very nice and she knows many of the people that are coming in as they are regulars. I have not seen anything like this since leaving home (NYC). Old world charm restaurants where they know you and you know them. I can't believe it. I grew up around very good Italian food. I have been to a few places here that Italians have recommended and it was just not up to par. Now mind you none of these Italians were east coast Italians. It is something to be said of Italian food on the East Cost.My party finally comes and we are seated. The place is very nice with the traditional white table cloths. Our server comes over and he is happy and attentive. He gets our drinks and comes back to take our appetizer order. We get the calamari of course. OMG the best I have ever had. It was lightly breaded and the marinara sauce was great. It was all I could do not to eat the whole thing. Our server comes back to tell us about the specials which btw were all fish dishes. I went with the red snapper, mussels, linguine with marinara and capers. Nobody ordered the same thing which is great cause that means we can share. The salads come out first and they are pretty basic. But the dressing was great. Ohh the bread was amazing. Jeez it is so hard to stop eating bread and butter. I was trying to save room for the rest of the meal. Our food comes out at the perfect time. Our fantastic server sets our plates out but before he gets to my co-workers plate this guy comes out and grabs his plate then brings it back in a matter of seconds. I thought wow the cook does not want stuff coming out the kitchen unless it is perfect. Come to find out it was Christo himself that came out to fix my co-workers dish. Looking around at the other plates I am thinking wow everything looks so amazing. The other thing is the portions were right on. I hate going to places and the have so much food it is ridiculous. The linguine was cooked perfectly. The server came over with extra cheese and of course a must have for me fresh cracked pepper. It was one of those times I did not want to share anything with anyone at the table. I did not want to disturb my palate from the wonderful flavors of my dish. I was thinking everyone else was thinking the same thing because no one was sharing. Well shortly after, every plate on that table was completely cleaned. The server was on point with filling our drinks. I never had a glass that was less than half full. Also I have waited tables and it is a fine line between being a pest and being helpful and friendly. Lets just say the servers at Christo's have this down perfectly. Well the plates are cleaned up and out comes this cute little cup of vanilla and chocolate mousse with a candle in it. Compliments of the kitchen since it is my b-day. Well is was great. I am not really into mousse because it is a texture thing but the flavor was awesome. I still got to order dessert. I got the flan, others had key lime pie and NY cheesecake. Ohh decisions a toss between cheese cake and flan. Well flan won. I practically licked the caramel sauce off the bottom of the plate. It was the best I have had here. Ohh NYC Christo's has brought a little of you back to me. Sniff Sniff tears of joy. I am so happy. I found a fantastic Italian restaurant.
5	O.k. let me get it right out there. This fabulous local spot in the same strip center as my own business. But after years of eating here I am not sure why they fly so far under the radar with the "foodie" crowd. The service is top notch (and ya know I'm a picky girl about this). Some of the servers have been there since the place opened.It is family owned and operated and they insist on high quality ingredients. The prices are fair and the portions are large. I am a huge fish fan and these guys  deliver up some amazingly well prepared Mediterranean style fish dishes. They serve soup and salad with their entrees and the bread is worth the splurge.I enjoy their wine selection and this summer there is a great wine special Mondays through Thursdays. I invite all my foodie friends to give it a try!
4	My wifes and my first visit to Christos Restaurante:  Found it on Yelp.   Was impressed so we decided to give it a try. This place has many good qualities. .  First good thing is that this place has real tableclothes which are changed after each sitting.  Real silverware and a waiter who was very good.  Real glasses.... not Pizza Hut or any of that.  The decor looked expensive.  Asked for the menu and was very suprised... the prices were very reasonable.  My wife had chicken tetrazinni which had a sauce so good that it would have made anything taste better.  It came with vegetables, not mixed together but each seperated and colorful.  Carrots, brocolli, and cauliflower.  These colors were so placed as to make an excellent presentation.I had shrimp parmesan beside (not on) a portion of pasta with baked marinara sauce and the parmesan sauce?  Wow!!Am I dreaming?  Have I wandered into foodie heaven?  Whatever, it was superb from start to finish.Oh, yes, finish.  To finish we had terremisso for desert.  Total bill a bit over 30$ including drinks and substantial tip for wonderful service.I'd go there again in a heartbeat.More good news!  They even do a take out.  All this and heaven too!
5	We went there for a family birthday and it was great.  I was the only male out of the 6 people in attendance and these women love to talk!  We were there an hour and half after closing talking and the staff was TOTALLY COOL.  I felt bad for staying so long but the staff kept telling us not to worry about it.Great food! Great service!
5	I usually reserve five stars for places like Kai, but for the price, this restaurant deserves five stars.  This is an excellent restaurant, and that is definitely rare in Phoenix.  We enjoyed a nice bottle of wine while waiting for another couple to arrive, and we were never rushed or made to feel like we were a bother because we didn't order any food for the first 45 minutes.The sea bass special was some of the moistest fish I have ever eaten.  I am amazed at how they were able to cook such a thick cut perfectly--not one part was over- or under-done.  It was served on a bed of pasta and topped with a marinara sauce that was delicious.  The entire dining experience was very pleasant.  No complaints.
5	Some friends turned me on to this restaurant years ago, and while I have since left AZ, they still live there, go to this restaurant, and still love the consistently GREAT food.  This was one of my favorite restaurants when I lived there.  They made perhaps the BEST cannelloni (melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness) and avgolemeno soup (only rival I've found is Taverna Tony in Malibu).  In fact, we had them cater my daughter's bat mitzvah reception......they were that good.  I'm just sad I haven't been able to enjoy their food since leaving AZ.  In addition to ALWAYS getting their cannelloni and avgolemeno soup, I used to get their Lemon Dill Salmon, Chicken Limone, Chicken Genovese, or Shrimp Scampi.  I know I'll be back to Phoenix one of these days, and when I do, this place will SURELY be on my list of "to-do's."
5	Food and service was awesome, the best fish and soup, the included salad was very basic but good and fresh. For the price we paid my wife and I never had such good food. We both had the dover sole and it was great with perfect service. we both can't wait to return and try the other items
5	Again a great meal. I had the poached salmon, one of the best in a long time. As usual service was great and the food was outstanding, can't wait to try his sea bass .
4	My wife and I came for restaurant week and were very impressed. THe lobster and shrimp ravioli was amazing. THe house "red" was an OK chianti and the flan was top notch! The bruschetta with goat cheese might have been my favorite, although I had a great hot anti pasti plate as well. The only complaint is that the shrimp was a touch over-cooked, but hey, it's hard to get perfectly cooked shrimp in the desert where it's been frozen for so long.
2	Overall, I would not return to this restaurant nor recommend it. Small tables and cramped. The waiter spoke so fast that we had to have him repeat the specials three times. He served us so fast that I got the feeling he really didn't want us there! We felt uncomfortable even asking him questions and pointing out our issues with one of the entrees. I had the veal piccata and it was perfect! The wine was excellent, but our other three guest where extremely dissapointed. The veal chop is much smaller than it used to be. One pasta dish was served very dry and at a cool tmperature. We sent it back. Bread was just ok. Not the amazing kind that you expect in an Italian place. The other dish was just so so. There are so many restaurants to choose from in this area that I won't go back.
5	I love Christos I recommend the pomodoro pasta. It is so light fresh and delicious. Christos is ny favorite.
5	I went to this establishment while visiting my dad - he's been here before. Now, I'm not among the jaded whose nose sticks up in the air just because it's not NYC fare - and certainly NYC doesn't have any Mexican that can compete with the best of metro Phoenix - so I just want to point out I'm doing my best to be objective.We ordered mussels with marinara for an appetizer, Dad had veal chop for the main course, and I had a haddock special. All came with salad, which is a nice touch. Everything we ate was of nice quality and absolutely satisfying. If this was NYC, the prices would have been at least twice as much . . . and I would have given the same review anyway. Waiter was also attentive, even sitting down with us as he took our order (relax, people!).Dad usually has taken me to Barrio Cafe when I visit, but I'm certainly glad he took me here. Clientele tends to be older, so don't come looking here for atmosphere if you're Gen X or younger, but if you come here for the food and service, you won't regret it.A total surprise . . . a total gem.
4	Good food for very good prices! The portions are generous, and you also get a soup and/or salad (depending on lunch or dinner). The service is good too. Will definitely return!
5	I have been coming here for years and the quality of the food and service have been consistently 5-star quality every time I dine here. I highly recommend the halibut, but everything on the menu is delicious!
4	I got to thinking about Osso Bucco the other day.My new Dutch Ovens brought this on, I'm kind of obsessed with braised meat right  now. What to braise, how to braise, which pot to use... must be because of the freezing cold temperatures. Anyway. A few years back my dad and the evil stepmonster (she's gone now, as in they got divorced, in their 70's, can I hear an AMEN sister?) could not stop talking about Christos. They would talk about it all the time. In Oregon.Like, in the middle of a nice dinner at Jake's. Weird.Also, rude. I just chalked it up to stepmonster's name dropping mental health condition. No seriously, she drops names all the time. ANNOYING. anyway, ahem.It was Osso Bucco this, Osso Bucco that, Christos this, Christos that. So, when I was down there on a visit, post stepmonster,  I made my Dad take me.It's good stuff. I don't even eat veal. But the Osso Bucco rocks. Everything else did, too. I liked the service, the feel of the place, and I liked the calamari, and the wine. All good. if you're in Phoenix and you want a good meal, I'd say this is one of the places to go.
5	The shrimp risotto is delish. The staff is super friendly and very accommodating. Christos is a "must do" for first timers....you'll be hooked.
4	My new place for Italian! Service was over the top and the food was excellent! Would recommend to anyone
5	We went here based on Yelp reviews and were thanking fellow yelpers for the recommendation!! The Osso Bucco was tender, flavorful, and super tasty. The Chilean Sea Bass was perfectly prepared. We had the parisian scallops for an appetizer. DELISH!! And unique. Our service was impeccable. We enjoyed our meal from start to finish.
5	Love real Italian food, and this was excellent.  4 courses: spinach soup, Caprese Salad, Chicken Saltimbuca, Tiramisu.   White tablecloths, excellent service, sparkling clean restroom.  If we lived in Phoenix, this would be a regular stop.
5	one of the best itallian restaurants in town. try the cheese and meat ravioli and the shrimp scampi. everything is homemade so you need to wait a little bit after you order.
5	Truly impressed! We got fried calamari that was crispy and fresh, stuffed mushrooms were buttery and not too crabby. Between 4 of us, we all shared each other's food. I loved the tortellini the most. Veal was a delicious and a nice cut too. Calamari at dinner was just as yummy, not chewy, and fresh! Shrimp scampi was a hit too! Every meal is served with soup and salad. I believe the dressing and soup changes often. I liked them, didn't love them, but everything is homemade and tastes that way. We ended the night with a nutmegy strawberry cheesecake and the limoncello cake.  I prefer the cake :)I left extremely happy and stuffed. This is where you go for good homemade Italian food with love, and waiters that are good at their jobs. It seems other reviewers didn't enjoy themselves, and I would blame their expectations. It IS mom and pop, and it's amazing!
5	We ate at Christo's for the first time and enjoyed the old school vibe   Great food   Great wine. Great service at a very reasonable price. Would definitely return. Our waitress, Stacy and Jose made us feel like regulars.  Looking forward to dining there again.
5	The most dependable upscale restaurant I know in Phoenix. First-rate dishes, like melt in your mouth osso bucco and a huge and delicious veal chop, at reasonable prices. Reservations essential. Don't miss their calamari.
2	Christo's is OK if your into three courses in less than 45 minutes. I was expecting to dine here but it was much more similar to a diner experience were you get whammed bammed and thank you'd as we were in and out in a jiffy.My husband loves classic Italian Foods and according to reviews Christo's seemed like a top destination. Honestly in general the food was OK but not great and nothing I'd drive out of my way for. I almost never consider service as part of my review since it varies all the time everywhere but in this case it sort of even lessened the experience so MUCH that I have to consider it otherwise I would have given Christo's three stars.Our waiter quickly greats us and ask if we want the menu or the restaurant week special. Despite being around 70 years old he was very quick talking and very speedy and sort of made us nervous but what really bothered me the most was him  and his helpers standing there not to far from us with his arms crossed just watching us like a hawk eating the whole time. Now the food.I started with a Christo's Caesar Salad. I could tell the dressing was house made as well as the croutons. The dressing wasn't properly emulsified nor was it balanced in flavors and was super heavy with lemon. The croutons were crisp and buttery. I pointed out the faults since I know them but it really was an OK salad. I do note I wasn't offered fresh ground pepper, nicer restaurants do offer fresh ground pepper for Caesar Salads.I was sort of excited to have the classic dish Sole Meuniere here. The Christo's Version is nontraditional as the fish seemed heavily coated (maybe battered not sure) with flour in a lemon white wine sauce in stead of a traditional lightly floured and prepared in browned butter. The fresh spinach on the side was just plain without anything on it. Desserts seemed house made and were OK. We both liked the lemon cake better over the mousse.A glass of house wine was included with our dinners and during the meal we finished it and my husband ordered another round. He noticed a price difference from the menu and questioned our server. The server confirmed it wasn't the same price as the menu and said that for restaurant week they up charge the wine. It was only a few dollars but I feel this is bad business and not good for customer relations.I was really torn between two and three stars but the surprise of the wine up charge, being really rushed though dinner and with the waiter and his help all standing across from us just watching us the whole time in a unprofessional way sort of spoiled the dining experience.2.5 Stars
5	Update:  We returned three years later and found that this restaurant is unchanged...really good.  Came for lunch and I had musels and linguini.  There was a choice of sauces.  I had butter and garlic sauce.  Delicious.But wait!! There's more!!  My wife and I had soup which comes with the lunch meal.  The soup was a rice and lemon soup.  It also had diced carrots and celery in it and it was superb.  Wife had for her lunch, sausage with peppers and onions.  She was very pleased with hers.Service was superb.  Prices were very reasonable.We've already decided to come back again....the problem is who do we want to come with us that we can introduce them to this little jem.
4	Christos is a family-owned Italian restaurant that has been around for more than 30 years. Given that it is still crowded for lunch and dinner most days, that says a lot. Whether we visit for lunch or dinner, we are NEVER disappointed. They have a great Caesar salad, and a variety of moderately-priced pastas.  It's a quiet, dignified place with a great wait staff, so conversation is possible.  Our dining companions are always satisfied.  It's a very traditional place, so if that suits you, there is much to enjoy here.
1	Food is good but the bartender Stephanie is rude and ignores customers but caters to the regulars,  it seems like she hates her job and is miserable,  poor management and not so friendly employees,   I called and left a message to speak to Christo or wife Gloria but of course manager intercepted the message so I never received a call back from either,  I hope that Christo would read  these reviews him self so he knows what goes on when he"s not around.  I will never return or refer anyone and will make sure to let everyone know how rude u employees are specially bartender Stephanie....
5	This is one of the best kept secrets of Phoenix. The food here is fantastic and the service is always great. My inlaws love it here so we go a lot and everything i've tried has been delicious. They regularly change their specials so I recommend trying one of those. On my most recent visit we ordered the porkchops, clam pasta, clam stuffed lobster tail, and lobster ravioli. They were all delicious! The lobster pastas were VERY rich so a little goes a long way. The clam pasta was great and had lots of clam. I should mention the prices are very reasonable and you get a ton of food. On top of the meal, you also get soup and salad. We always order appetizers and instantly regret them after getter the soup. On our last few visits, the soup has been a lemon bisque. Honestly with a loaf of bread the soup could easily be served as it's own meal. Now this isn't a trendy Italian place. In fact if you're under 50 you'll probably feel like a youngster here but that's always what I love about it. You will feel like you walked into a different era and everyone seems like a familiar regular.
1	Awful canneloni served on a bath of poorly prepared heavy cream. Very 'unItalian', even the bread tastes stale and poorly prepared. The minestroni soup tasted like canned soup, just right for the strictly senior citizen clientele. My husband had a pasta with Italian sausage and chicken in a marinara sauce. The chunks of canned tomatoes were unappetizing. The one star is awarded for the only good item we ate, the Greek side salad. The waiter was totally goofy, rude and uninterested. He flopped the canneloni at the table with the statement, "Two enchiladas." Really??? First time but never again! Disgusting food, terrible service.
4	A large group (17) of us came in for NYE and it was fabulous as always. We started off with a bunch of appetizers for the table followed by soup then salad. The soup that evening was some sort of mushroom, artichoke, potato combination that was out of this world and if anyone has the recipe, please send it to me! The salad was the same as always, nothing spectacular but it serves the purpose. On to the entrees, they had a prix-fixe menu as they do for all major holidays. There were A LOT of seafood options, but no vegetarian (they were able to accommodate but it wasn't listed) and only one chicken option. I was hoping to see at least 2 chicken options for those of us who don't love breaded chicken. There were also a lot of beef and pork options. The chicken was similar to a Cordon Bleu without the ham, served with gnocchi and some sort of cheese sauce on top. I loved it but others in the party didn't care for it as much as some of the other options you can get when it's not a holiday. We then finished with desert. Service was wonderful, the food was great and we will definitely be back.
4	Very good restaurant and staff. Low prices and moderate, sensible size portions. Veal chop was great.
5	1st time and loved it ! Delicious and fresh  food. Pasta fantasia was perfect and so was the soup and salad before. Dinner was great and so was dessert. Intimate and nice setting at a perfect price.
2	We hadn't eaten at Christo's in years.  For my birthday my husband decided to surprise me with a reservation.  Things started poorly.  The hostess walked us towards a table and then pointed. So we sat.  A bus boy brought water but we still sat and waited.  Finally a waiter came and asked us if we wanted drinks.  Then he came back with menus.  He rattled off a long list of specials.  We both decided to try one of the specials.  I really prefer it when the specials are printed out so you can see the details.  I also think to make them " special" there should only be a few.  Once our order was placed the rush seemed to be on.  Soup appeared. Then salad. But before I had even finished my salad my Chilean sea bass was in front of me.  I wished I had known the 2 small rectangles of fish were going to be swimming in tomatoes.  I should have asked more questions. The flavor of the sea bass was lost in the tomatoes.  My husband was delighted at what his chicken turned out to be.  We shared a complimentary birthday dessert and left.  There was no one at the  door as we left to thank us or say good bye.  Yes the prices are very reasonable but the food and ambiance are nothing special.
5	I had a great time at Christos.  It was really good food and great time.  From  tasty appetizers to dessert it was amazing.   It really felt good to find home made Italian in Phoenix AZ.
4	I went to Christos as my 2nd Restaurant Week stop. I sat at the bar and it was a bit crowded there, but with lots of good energy people.When I mentioned I would be skipping dessert, they were happy to sub a bruschetta for me! And I expected one, but they gave me four! And the goat cheese that came with it was fabulous.  The meal also came with a glass of wine, but as a non-wine drinker I passed on that.After that, my real appetizer came out. Eggplant with a romesco sauce, shrimp scampi and a stuffed mushroom. A perfect portion and really delicious.I finished with a chicken marsala roulade. This was just ok. The marsala flavor was a little too light, and the filling in the roulade was a bit stringy and didn't really boost the flavor like I expected it to.I would definitely recommend it but I would try a different main course item.
4	I have been here 3 times and have only had the chicken parm with pink sauce and it's the best I have ever had. The atmosphere is very outdated - but their demographics are blue hairs, so maybe it's perfect for that crowd!
3	I feel somewhat uncomfortable giving a so-so rating to a restaurant where I know the family personally.  That said, there's a few things that have been amiss at this place pretty much every time I come here.  The food has been average at best and the atmosphere isn't quite my thing.  Tonight exemplified this feeling for me during a dinner with family members.For starters, this restaurant has been around forever.  Even many of the staff members have been here forever (our waiter had worked there for decades).  Between the long time staff and the decor, the feeling of this place is old school all the way.  It has some of the feel of an old school italian restaurant, though not so fancy that you have to be super dressy here.  In fact much of the clientele here is quite casual.  The customer crowd here has also typically been much older as I suspect many of their customers have been coming here for years.  I rarely see anyone younger than their forties or fifties in there, so interpret that however you want.The food is old school classic italian from the pastas, the seafood dishes, the chicken and veal plates, and the steaks.  Tonight I went with the chicken francese.  Essentially a breaded chicken covered in a lemon butter sauce and topped with mushrooms.  First off, I'm not a mushroom guy so thats my fault.  But the chicken and breaded tasted pretty bland even with the sauce (which was way more butter than lemon by the way).  It was edible, but not that great.  I've had similar experiences with a couple of their pasta and veal dishes as well.  Each dish gets soup and a salad to start.  As usual both were okay, but again nothing special.  The prices are actually pretty reasonable so even if the flavors don't impress you, you can count on leaving full.It may well be that I'm not the target audience of this restaurant.  Its an old school restaurant with old school grub, so maybe they're just looking to appeal to the old school crowd.  I'm not opposed to old world recipes as long as they're done well.  From my multiple visits here I find their cuisine adequate, but not much better than that.  There's plenty of italian joints in the Phoenix area.  This one falls somewhere in the middle of pack, at best.
5	Went for lunch last week, found the atmosphere to be very family and friendly. The meatballs were their lunch special and I must say they were on point. Very tender meat and the pasta was great. Comes with bread and salad and I paid under 10 + tip because the service was great.
5	As a native, I've probably driven past this place over a million times.  It doesn't really pop out on 7th street.  My girlfriend and I decided to check it out on a whim of the steering wheel; best impulse decision ever.When we walked in and were seated, the incredibly friendly waitress placed our napkins on our laps and began reading the specials in a way that would put the Ritz to shame.  My girlfriend looked up and our gazes met; this was going to be 4 star expensive.  Alas we were wrong, the entire meal was around that you would pay at a low-end chain restaurant.  Now the food, the reason for the establishment's existence: unforgettable.   I ordered the Zingarela.  No words describe but delicious.  Word was spread quickly.  I brought my dad to lunch for Father's Day.  I've never heard him praise food like he did that day.  I'm pretty sure he annoyed the waitress my constantly pulling her aside to tell her of his amazement.As a whole, don't let the restaurant's atmosphere dismay you.  At times it's slow, other times busy.  The demographic is older.  These things, if they matter to you, will melt away when you take that first bite.  It won't be your last.
4	Love this place!  It's surely not hip, and I read another reviewer say it was for the blue hairs which might be true.  There is no way I could know since nobody but us was there mid-day.But the first course was soup or salad, and I picked an Italian soup which had spinach and parmesan in it and was so thick and delicious.  Then the veal I ordered was in a marsala sauce = excellent.  And the fresh veggies were steamed...well, to perfection.  Just a really great meal for only $10!  Talk about worth it!  This is a meal that IF you ordered it in one of the "hip" spots would cost $25+, so screw "hip."OK, granted the decor is the same old decor that was popular during the Frank Sinatra and his Rat Pack era--but I didn't come for the decor.  We came to chat and, at least, this place didn't have some blaring techno music, so we actually could hear each other.  See?  Very unhip.  But we could hear each other talk!  The service was super excellent...and darn! but I am having a really hard time finding many things not to like at Christo's.  I like the place.  I plan to go back....soon.
5	Looking for a new spot down town try this place service was excellent food if possible even better I am a former catering chef and my wife is a personal chef so when we go out we are very picky and critical but we honestly have not one comp lainteverything from the time you enter the place until you leave is on point no wonder they've been around for 28 years  our waiter was Scott and very pleasant and a real pro the wine list is great and with a happy hour daily you can't go wrong strongly recommend that you try this spot asap
5	Just had the most delightful dinner at Christo's!  I found them to be so accommodating and friendly. They made me a special salad with blackened salmon to my specifications. Delicious! Thank you Stephanie!
5	Tonight I met 20 new Meetup friends at Christos for dinner.  What a great experience.  It's always challenging for a restaurant to handle large groups - but especially large groups with individual checks.  Our Service Team was outstanding and it was seamless that they were handling such a large group.  I had the cioppino with a variety of seafood that was clearly fresh and yummy.  The complimentary soup and bread were memorable on their own.  The only disappointment was the extremely strong fresh pepper on the salad.  The lemon cake...to die for.  Dinner was delizioso.
4	Its what you would expect. Old world charm with new cuisine. Always elegant and great service a new york classic! I usually frequent more trendy dining establishment but visit the historic sites are just as good.
