5	Excellent staff. Friendly, professional and helpful. Best dentist in Arcadia.I always dread going to a new dentist - not because I'm afraid of dentists, but because I'm worried they are going to want to redo all my fillings and tell me I need hundreds of dollars worth of stuff done on my teeth.Dr. Tran Bryan and his dental team aren't like that at all.  First of all, I hadn't gone to the dentist in nearly 1.5 years, but they didn't scold me for my plaque build-up.  In fact, the hygienist was gentle and even complimented the work my dentist back in Sacramento had done (wow!!).  She also said my teeth were so white, they looked bleached. Yay!After checking the x-rays, Dr. Tran said everything looked fine and I'll see him in 6 months. What? No work needed? No alleged "soft spots"? No old fillings that should be replaced just because they were old? Nope. I was done.Amazing.
5	Excellent from top down. Dr Tran and his staff are a class act! I had my invisilign done through Dr Tran and throughout the whole process he kept me informed and set expectations. Upon the completion of my invisilign I was more then happy with my results. I highly recommend him for any dental work that you m
5	I must say, when it comes friendly staff. This is the place. Best of all, they are not attempting to rade your wallet like other places. I took my wife to a different dentist and he just wanted to pull all her teath and have pay $8000.00 for dentures. Telling us there was no other options.   I then took her hear for a second opinion and he gave multiple options. One with a lower price tag. And all with her keeping all, but a few teath that got replaced (Shows the importance of always getting second opinions).The doctor trys real hard to save your teath and does not try and get you to pay out the mouth (pun intended). The dentists office it's self has a very home like feel to it, which helped me relax both times I had work done on myself.  I never had to wait long before being seen. 10 minutes had been the longest I had to wait. In the end, I am highly satisfied and do recommend this place.
