5	Upon entering the complex you will instantly notice the beautiful front entrance to the office. It was covered with flowers in late bloom. The lobby is fresh upon entering and the staff greeted me in just enough time before I got impatient. The model apartment was obvioulsy made to WOW you, and it does. I like to think I was very particular about the amenities, grounds and staff.My daughter was impressed with the convenience store inside the office.(I have not check whether the prices are reasonable or not)The pool has a Roman-esque style, stunning gazebo with gas BBQ grills. By the way the pool & fitness center is open 24 hours and is under video surveillance.The complex has 200 units and is gated with only REMOTE ACCESS ($35 deposit)There is open parking, which is sometimes good and bad...While going over my final selections for a spot to call home, I decided to walk around the grounds, say hi to the neighbors, ask what the utilities are running and ***MOST IMPORTANT*** I asked each one, " WOULD THEY RECOMMEND AMALFI TO A FRIEND?" and they all said YES!I am happy that I chose Amalfi. It feels right, I feel comfortable.Safe...that meansalot to me.I'll keep you posted within the next few months...lets see how things go. I'm optimistic.
2	WOW!!! I called to get information regarding the community and the gentleman who answered didn't really seem to want to help at all. He seemed to be annoyed that I was calling. I will definatly not rent here based on the customer service.
1	I lived here for 6 months and moved out immediately after. The rental prices are too expensive for the area and while the complex looks nice the apartments are low quality and its not a nice area. There's not much but empty desert lots and a busy freeway. Feels like your apartment is on mars (if mars had busy freeways).  My real issue is with the lack of attention to detail and scammy nature of the office. Strike 1: I requested a 6 month lease but when I arrived to sign the paperwork they had changed the document to read a 12 month lease. I told them I wouldn't sign that and they had to re-print a new contract.Strike 2:After living there a few months they told me I was late and they tried to charge me a late fee, I explained the rent had been paid on time and they admitted their mistake and didn't charge me but never really apologized. Strike 3 Finally when I went to pay my 2nd to last months rent I inquired about leaving and they said I had to give 60 SIX ZERO days notice before exiting my 6 month lease or else be forced to pay a fee or breaking the auto-renewed the lease. Luckily I asked about  leaving 3 days before my 60 day notice was due to I gave notice on the spot and narrowly avoided renewing my lease or being charged. The ridiculous 60-day notice policy and the office's 2 errors (both in their favor) results in me giving them 1 star.
3	My now husband & I found this place on a visit from Ohio.  We were relocating due to work and wanted to find a place that would work well with us.  We had some poor experiences with apartments in Ohio and didn't want a repeat.  We really liked the office personnel when we visited.  Keva and Joey were so caring that we were sure we found a place we could be happy at.  To be fair, Keva and Joey remain caring and attempt to address issues to the best of their ability.What I don't like is that when we visited, we agreed on a 12 month lease.  They snuck in a 15 month lease.  The carpet was not new and rather ran down.  The vinyl in the kitchen is not new and has minor dents and rips. We really were interested in the amenities.  As we both are night people working late in the day, the 24 hr pool and hot tub were very exciting and a definite plus on their side when we made that decision to lease here.  Especially since I have been working 60 hour weeks, I NEED the relaxation time in the hot tub.  In May around Mother's day we reported that the hot tub was not even warm and dirty.  They would fix it for a day or two and then it would be the same way.  This has gone on for 2.5 months now and they have been telling us that a part was on order.  Well, now after waiting 2.5 months, rather than fixing it they have decided to close the tub and pool at 10 pm.  My husband doesn't even get home from work till 11:30.  Come on this is LAS VEGAS, nothing closes here; well except our amenities!  I haven't even mentioned the grills.  They won't light and are broke.  When I tried to use them the gas just flowed out with no control and couldn't be lit.  We asked about this and was told those are on ORDER also.  Another issue I  have is the large loose rocks around the parking area.  I have stumbled and sprained my ankles multiple times.  I've brought this to their attention but have not seen anything done to address it nor have I received a response.  Additionally, these rocks are small enough to picked up but large enough to be used as a weapon or tool of destruction to a car or window.  But they don't seem to be concerned. I honestly think Keva and Joey would address all the issues if they had support from the corporation.  They are good people.  I cannot see us renewing as the company seems unconcerned with earning our trust and loyalty. Be vary aware if you are going to rent an Ovation Property.
