3	I went there for lunch today.  I had the lunch special Koobideh sandwich ($7.99) which comes with chips and a drink.  Because the lunch special is on a board out front it may change from day to day.  That was the first time I had had Koobideh and I liked it.  When I read the description of ground beef my mind was thinking "how can it be cut up and used on kabobs?".  My description of the taste and texture would be a brat without a skin, and it is tight enough packed it stays together just fine.I got there at the end of the lunch hour and there were only a few tables being used.  Of course having just reopened everything is spotless.  The glass tops on the tables are nice as this is messy food (or is it messy me?) and it allows for table clothes under the glass and still be able to keep them clean.  In practice however, the glass likes to slide around on top and not always when you are expecting it.  I did notice a few bumpers had already come off and those seem to be the tables that are having trouble. I saw a few things I would like to try for dinner so I intend to come back.
4	My friend took me out to lunch last week, and this is her fav.  I really really enjoyed it!  It was just better than any other greek I have had.  I liked everything just a little better than anything I have had before, the hummus was great (the pita was a little dry, but still good), the dolmeh was the only one I have ever liked, the gyro and chicken plate was soooooo good! It came with a salad, it was simple but really good anyways.  The feta and yogurt dressing was just enough yummy and the vegies were fresh and crisp.    The owner was so nice, he knew my friend as a regular, so he went a little above and beyond.  I don't live close, but this is probably the best greek close to me and worth the drive.  My friend said they get a lot of take out orders.
4	If you are a fan of hummus, here is where you need to go.  It's great.  I went with my husband and kids and we were all pleased (which is hard to do).  I had the chicken lunch plate with rice and a salad.  Very yummy.  My kids had the beef gyros sandwiches and they were happy too.  Good service as well.
5	This has become my craving, I come here when ever I can.  It gets better every time.  The hummus is sooooooooooooooooo good! The chicken kabob and the lamb kabob are always cooked perfect, and with the rice, it is my perfect meal.  The owner is always there making sure everyone enjoyed their meal.
2	my job forced me to spend 3 long summer days in Phoenix---i found this place while driving with a co-worker hungry, without any idea where we were going to eat----she was Lebonese, so she was fired up to eat here-I ordered the Falaffel meal with a side of basmati----the place was empty on a Tuesday at 7pm----to the servers credit, she suggested I order another combination which came with basmati which saved me a few bucks----the salad came first----i ordered it with the taziki---very plain, bland and un-inspiring----chopped basic iceberg---( i am a fan of iceberg), even being a fan of iceberg, this salad was just plain--blah---came with a sliced tomato, 2 olives, some finely cubed onions---I really saw no reason to finish the salad after a few bites.my dish came, the falaffel were Ok, the rice was ok, but what became clear after the first tasty few bites was that everything was overally salty----way too salty to the point where I could not finish my entire place----those who know me, know I can finish whatever is placed in front of me and more---my co-worker said she liked her dinner which was a chicken kabob and a meat kabob-she felt the chicken was the better of the two and used different spices than which she was accostomed tonot sure if I ever would retun-----
5	I love love love this place! My favorite thing there is the hummus and the chicken kebab dinner with a side salad  (which comes with lettus tomatoe cucumber & onions) with italian dreassing.The owners are wonderful people and the place is so calm and a good place to take a date without braking the bank. I could eat this everyday but unfourtunately I can't afford to :(    So if you ever go check this place out tell them shortie sent you :)
5	The food is wonderful here!!  I've tried everything and love it all.  My favorite is the combo kabob plate you get a little bit of everything and you can share it with a friend.  They serve you lots of food so be hungry or just take rest home for another meal.
3	After picking up my friend @ the apo., I suggested this place. She is a popular Yelper in Northern California. When I lived in Peoria, we ate here about once a month. One of us has changed, because I didn't like it as much as I use to. First, we were the only table in the place, never a good sign. The waitress brings menus, I tell her right away that we want the hummus. I like their hummus. My friends asks if some of the menu items can be made into a wrap? The waitress replies, "Yes, that is on our lunch menu." So, it is 1:00, why didn't she bring us lunch menus? So we order. Gyros are excellant. Great flavor. My friend had the falaffel wrap. Way to much cumin. That is all you could taste.
2	My friend from high school picked me up from the airport and after a bit of discussion on where to have lunch she suggested we come here due to good experiences she had in the past. It is located in her old neighborhood in part of a strip shopping center that also houses a chain grocery store, a bar and some other shops. When we arrived at the restaurant around 1pm on a Friday, the place was completely empty. This to me is never a good sign. I bit my tongue (out of respect for my friend) and we were seated by a nice enough waitress who was a bit needy seeming (could be due to the lack of customers). The owner was at one side of the restaurant on his laptop and there was one other person working in the kitchen.After taking our drink order, the waitress then told us what was "good" and what she liked. I hate that. I hate unsolicited opinions especially around food. Oh well. My friend loves hummus so we ordered that to start. As I looked at the menu I found a lot of items to be the same with a little switch around of ingredients. I also found it strange that the gyros were beef only but made in house. Okay, fine-I will have lamb elsewhere. I couldn't decide what to order and when the waitress came back with the hummus, I asked if they made wraps (I wanted falafel but in pita with feta, etc. but no rice). She said they had wraps and she would get us a lunch menu. WTF? 1pm on a Friday and she gives us the dinner menu because it is more expensive and there were no other customers? Tre' tacky my dear, tacky.I ordered the falafel wrap and had to add feta as it did not come in the wrap. I asked if they had avocado and was told they did not have any. My friend had the gyros combination plate (off the lunch menu which was $4.00 cheaper than the dinner menu) and it came with salad, rice and pita bread. The hummus was ok. It needed to be a bit creamier and needed a bit more flavor. Toni's is way better as is the hummus from Trader Joe's. Oh well. Our lunches arrived. My wrap had 3 big flat softish falafels. They were definitely made in house and could have been fried a little longer as they fell apart to mush. They were overly seasoned with a heavy hand of cumin. The feta and yogurt sauce were the saving grace, but I was finished after a literal 2 bites. The gyros on my friend's plate were okay-tender but lacked anything special. The rice was bland and white with a sprinkling of paprika on top for color. Meh.  Our waitress came back to check on us- a lot. Asked did we like the hummus, how was the falafel, tea, rice-anything to make contact. I was put off by her and the food so I did not respond and let my friend do all the talking. The only saving grace to this experience was that I was with my friend and when I am with her, nothing else really matters all that much.Needless to say, yes I am a Bay Area food snob and no, I would not come back here nor do I recommend it.
2	Hummus would pass the Dairy Queen Blizzard test, you know, where they hold it upsidown to demonstrate that it doesn't slide out.  Very thick.  Same here.  But I'm not sure that's a virtue for hummus, that it comes in a big thick hunk that doesn't slide to the left, or to the right, or probably if held upsidown.  Hummus is normally smoother.  Enough of that rant.  Thin, tough pita here.  Make sure you understand that is pita, singular, not plural, because with an enormous hunk of Hummus in a bowl they serve it up with one lone pita.  So the hummus to pita ratio is off considerably.  Falafel are pale brown in color and quite dry.  You only get 3 in an order, and that's $3.45 plus tax, so not exactly a fine value for this... well not so upscale part of town.  Polite staff though, but a bit neglectful at times.  Imagine running out of pita (singular), chewing on a dry falafel, and wishing to Allah that you just had some more iced tea.
4	I've been going to Shish Kebab House for a long time. We really like it. First off, I like the hummus - it's not too beany or meally. I like the flavor. That's a personal thinkg, though I know. I've not found that many places with hummus that I really like. I find it a lot like the hummus from My Big Fat Greek Restaurant. We always get plenty of Pita - We don't usually finish it all.  I typically order the koobideh and barg combination, and can only eat half. The rest become lunch for the next day. It's almost always really good. I say almost - out of about 20 or 25 trips, one or twice it has been a little dry - obviously not enough to keep me from coming back. The gyro and chicken kebobs are good as well.  I like the rice. A really light rice that complemented the meat well. They put a roasted tomato, but will oftern ask if you want it - I gues most folks don't eat it so they give you the option.  The salad is simple - a few olives, onion and some feta added to a simple lettuce salad. I like the house dressing - a light yogurt dressing.  The location is not the best - a strip mall that gets dumpier as time goes on. The interior is nice and simple. The staff is friendly.
4	I just popped in here because I wanted to try something different and close to my house. I was pleasantly surprised. It was the Best hummus that I have had! At first it seemed kinda pricey for a kebab. When those suckers came out....Wow! They are huge and packed with meat. It was a good place to go and I will be back. I think for the two of us, the bill came out to $45. Not bad at all.... except they have no adult beverages.
1	??? Closed  :(
4	This place has really good halal kohbedays.  However they close pretty early and are not even open on Sunday's . There hours are M-S 11-9.
