5	As often as possible, I make a concerted effort to support local small business owners, so when a deal came up on Living Social for Carpet Kingdom, I went ahead and made my  purchase.  Faisal, the owner of the company came to do the job himself.  He was super friendly, helpful and professional.  He did a fantastic job on my carpets.  He also went the extra mile and fixed a damaged portion of my carpet- a very nice gesture indeed!  I would definiely use his service again and I recommend him to anyone.
1	I had an awful experience with this company. First, the owner (Faisal) was very hard to get ahold of and wouldn't return my calls about the initial appointment I had set up through DealFind. He showed up an hour early without calling and finished within 30 minutes. I've never had anyone clean over 1000 sq feet and a sectional couch in 30 min! It seemed like he just wanted to rush through the job. When I saw the job he had done, I was very upset. The carpet not only looked the exact same and still had spots, but the next day it was extremely stiff- a sign that too much soap/solution was used during the cleaning. He had charged me an additional $172 added on to the price i had paid on DealFind for the service. This was also a rip off because when i initially called to set up the appointment, I was told everything would be included in the voucher i purchased off of DealFind. On top of all that, he promised me he would return the check I had written him as a refund for the poor job he performed but ended up cashing it anyway! PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY!!
5	This is the second time I've used Carpet Kingdom and am very happy with the work they do. Faisal, the owner, is extremely nice and professional and really cares about doing a good job. He is easy to get ahold of and is always prompt and on time. Of all the carpet cleaning companies I've used in the Valley, Carpet Kingdom is the best and my top choice.
5	I used this company to clean the carpet on a few of my rental properties. The service is very good, the owner is very nice and knowledgable. The price was extremely reasonable l, he works with you on the pricing and the work was flawless. A couple of my clients complimented even complimented how clean the carpet was.
5	This guys is seriously amazing! This is the second time we've had him do our carpets and I will most likely always use him as long as we are in his area. The owner is so nice, he feels like part of the family. I thought our carpets were impossible to clean, but he gets them looking brand new every time. And his prices are awesome!
5	I ran across a coupon on Living Social for Carpet Kingdom and decided to give it a try. Was I impressed. My carpet is old and beat up, really ready to be replaced very soon. He did an amazing job and I'll certainly use him again!
5	A friend of mine recommended Carpet Kingdom after I was complaining about my filthy carpets. My carpets have been pretty neglected with three kids and two dogs; I was worried they couldn't get some of the stains out. I must say they went above and beyond my expectations. All the stains were gone. I have never seen my carpets cleaner! I will definitely be using them again and would recommend Carpet Kingdom to anyone.
