5	I love thrift stores and I really love Plato's Closet. I heard about it on an advertisement on Kiss 95.1 and they boasted name-brands (not name brands like Belks, but name brands that teen girl's want but can't afford-like Abercrombie and Vera Bradley). I was very doubtful that a store could contain name brands like these and still price low, but Plato's Closet did it. Recently, they have reorganized, and the store is sorted to perfection. Shirts, Pants, Shorts, Skirts, Pajamas, Dresses, Jackets, Shoes, Purses, books, DVDs, and Jewelry are all placed in separate areas and organized by size. Brands include Abercrombie, Hollister, American Eagle, Vera Bradley, Victoria's Secret Pink, Forever 21, Limited Too, Billabong, Roxy, and even Juicy Couture. Clothes are always in good shape, and if they are not, they are half priced and separated into a different rack. Prices are usually about 1/3 of what they originally cost and it's worth it. They have a tags-on return policy and appear to make it fairly easy to return items. The only complaints could be the wait it takes to have the employees sort through your bins and buy your clothes an give you store credit for those clothes...there is always a waiting line. Also, many clothes still have tags on them or tags remnants that have been ripped off, without a doubt, some clothes have been shoplifted and taken here to be resold. On busy days (spring break and pretty much all of summer) you have to wait for a changing room.In conclusion, I shop here all of the time and I can't leave empty-handed. Shop here is you want affordable, name-brand clothing that is of great quality.
3	Do I recommend going to this Plato's Closet?: Yes, definitely. I went in planning to look for one skirt and left with one skirt and four dresses (so I'm pretty much set for the warm season this year) for just over $50.Do I recommend going to this Plato's Closet on a Saturday afternoon?: Not so much. I left 2 hours after I entered and the line for the dressing room was 20-30 minutes long both times I stood in it. The staff seemed completely over the weekend rush, and while they weren't unpleasant, they weren't exactly helpful either. Also, I may have almost decked a tween who was whining about something-or-other.
3	After doing some Spring cleaning, I carried 3 trips to the car's worth of clothing into Plato's Closet to try and get some C-A-S-H.  The staff was very friendly, I will give them that.  But I expected more from the store to be quite honest.  The clothing selection there was very low quality.  It was organized pretty well and I did spy a super cute pair of Marc by Marc Jacobs shoes for $10.  I find it sub-par to the selection at Buffalo Exchange on Central, though equally as picky about what they will accept. Yes, and it does smell like a Waves I got a henna tattoo at once in Myrtle Beach.  #Moretroublethanit'sworthAfter 3 trips to and from my car, they only took 4 items.  I think the $30 I got covered my gas and manual labor fares.  What can I say?  I gave it a shot.
3	This place is only A-ok for me.  The atmosphere is good and the associates are friendly enough.  I do like how they keep the place well organized.  It's easy for me to find my sizes, and also the certain category of clothes that I want.  I also enjoy how they've got a nice couch for you to sit on while waiting for others in your party to shop, or even if you have to wait while selling your clothes.The only thing I do not like about this place is their policy that I must stay in the store if I'm selling my clothes back.  I understand, but if you tell me it's going to take an hour, why can't I just leave and then come back?  They already took information from my driver's license when checking in.  I also do not like how they told me it would be an hour wait for them to check out my clothes I'm selling.  More like two to two and a half hour wait.  I feel like I wouldn't have stayed if I knew it was going to take this long.  I felt lied to.  Still waiting in the store two hours after arriving and have time to write this review.  I think next time I come to sell my clothes, I'm gonna be smart and bring a laptop while waiting, like the guy sitting beside the door right now.  Geez...he knew what he was getting himself into.
3	My name is Beth F. and I have a problem. I admit it... I'm a thrift store junkie. If there is a bargain or freebie around I'll sniff it out. It's like I have an internal radar that blares loudly inside as I get closer to that specific sales item. Don't get me wrong though, I have a serious amount of self control most times too, unless Plato's Closet is having one of their bag sales. OMG. I've been a pretty loyal patron of Plato's since I was in my early 20's. When they first opened their prices were AMAZING, and It was literally my go to spot. I could get a pair of jeans for $4, shoes for $3 and purses for even less. It really just depended on what they had in stock. Now it seems I'm looking at $10 to $12 per pair of jeans so my star ratings are starting to drop with their increasing prices. I realize these are name brand jeans that cost way more new, but that's just it... these aren't new!! Someone has already had their butt in them prior to me. I can go to a real thrift store and spend half these prices. I know finding some of the product is a gamble, but again I'm a deal sniffer and I'll find them if they are there. However, on bag day... it's a whole different story. They mark down half the store, and you get a bag for $10. You are allowed to fill the bag till it's overflowing with clothes shoes, you name it for only $10. WOW! Get there early on bag day or you'll miss out on all the cute deals, and be left with the scraps of semi style. Especially in this store because it's pretty small, and you may get ran over for the cute stuff. I used to purchase clothes at the thrift stores and yard sales, ebay etc and bring them in to Plato's to make some cool cash, and then I'd turn around and buy new clothes from them with the money. Ah those were the days. Now it's hard to get them to take most of anything for a good price. I took them a ton of name brand stuff and a leather jacket, they offered me $15. UM. No thanks.... I'll sell it myself for more. If you're looking for a specific type of outfit in a hurry, or a dress then I'd say go to Plato's Closet. If you have time to find what you're looking for, stick to the thrift stores and yard sales.
2	A friend recommended we stop in to Plato's Closet so I took a chance. Their store is well organized and its easy to find things. I felt their prices were to high for what they were selling. Name brand? yes but I can go to the outlet mall and get the same thing with a coupon for cheaper. My Daughter was looking for jeans and I let her buy 2 pairs even though I felt they were to expensive at $18 and $20 for them being used. The staff while checking out were extremely rude, and my simple question about if they offered coupons was met with attitude and looks like I was crazy for even asking. We will stick with Karrousel Kids in Matthews and Concord Mills from now on.
4	I really enjoy going here, but the experience has changed a bit over the years. The wait does not bother me. Often it's a long wait, but that's understandable. What bothers me is how they seem to only buy shoplifted or brand new clothing. I bring in lightly worn clothes from stores such as American Eagle Outfitters and even Juicy Couture and they never buy them. It's a bit frustrating. However, I do understand that my clothes may not be that great and some of them are definitely over a year old (they want clothing that is relatively new). Over the years, the prices have risen a bit. Everything is more expensive. Not much, but it's noticeable. Since the men's section has grown, the store has become more cramped. Racks are jam packed with clothing, which makes it hard to look through sometimes. There's quite a bit of what I consider "unwearable" clothing. Crop tops and sheer monstrosities and things that stay on the racks for a while. For people who are so picky on buying, I don't understand how so much of this clothing is making it onto the racks, especially at such high prices. This may be attributed to the higher number of customers that come to this store. It's usually super busy. They have more purses, shoes, and jewelry than ever before. Overall, this place is still great, it just takes a bit more time than before to find what you're looking for. Prices are a bit higher than they used to be and the selection just isn't as great as it once was. Most of the employees are very helpful.
1	After waiting almost an hour I am told they cannot take anything because of style and ect ok that's fine but as I'm walking out I realize they didn't even bother to look threw the bags I brought!  Everything is exactly folded like it was and in the exact same order I had put it in (I am super anal and have everything organized but shirts pants ect). I've been to this store many times usually as a shopper and have spent way too much money here but to me that's just laziness and ridiculous and I will not bring my business back here again!
4	This was my first experience with Plato's Closet & it was a rather good one! I walked in not knowing what to expect really.  I walked out with a purse, a scarf, a jacket & a really cool dress for about $40! I was pleasantly surprised.  I have yet to try my hand at selling to the store, but it's something I'll try out soon!
1	Just went to the one recently opened in Pineville. I give up! They want "new" styles and barely worn clothes, yet when I browse through their racks, I see stains, holes, rips and tears. Just to test them, I put a brand new shirt with tags still attached that I recently had bought, and it still could not pass their test. I had a little better luck at their competitor "Uptown Cheapskate", just down the road. I'm not wasting my time at Plato's anymore.
2	Went here to try to tell clothes back. All the girls that work here seemed to dress skimpily and "trendy", have blue (or some unnatural color) hair. If that gives you an idea as to what to anticipate. I didn't browse the whole store but there seemed to be a lot of short shorts and Abercrombie on the racks.They told me that are not "brand biased" and I was surprised when they x-nayed more expensive designer pieces for forever 21 and less expensive brands.As expected, out of a bag of 40 items they took about 7 and I got 26 dollars. Hmpf. Make sure you run through the receipt so you know what you get for each piece. They almost got away with and $80 shirt for $2.80.
5	O.o
