5	Super knowledgeable and super friendly people!!!  Excellent selection of juice and very competitive prices!!!  Very patient with this noobie!!!  Thanks and will be back!!
5	Very personable and friendly. The man shook my hand introduced himself and asked for my name immediately.  He provided me with excellent customer service and was very patient while I tried all the juices. They have a rewards card, for every ten dollars you spend you get a point and can redeem your points for free juices!! I was very impressed with products and service, I will defiantly be back :))
5	Great flavors. Prices are very good also.   The people are nice.  I like the Energy and Watermelon flavor.  Next time I want to buy the one that tastes like Cinnabon.
5	Couldn't be happier with this shop! The customer service is absolutely amazing here, and the staff is extremely friendly. prices are excellent and products are even better, I will never go to any other vape shop again. These guys earned 100% of my buisiness, and I refer anyone I can. These guys rock!!! I highly recommend this shop to everyone. Mountain dew flavor is my favorite, a must try!
5	I was very pleased with everything about this store. It was a little hole in the wall place, so I was skeptical about going, but I'm SOOO glad I took the chance. The gentlemen that worked here were so helpful and knowledgeable about all their products! They were patient with me and friendly the entire time I was there! I would definitely give this place a go, and I will definitely be returning! Thank you for everything guys!
5	Very friendly service and a huge selection of flavors! I recommend the Cactus Juice.They have a specialist who knows heavily about mechanical units and how to wrap your own coils. He's not an employee but he hangs out there and is willing to share his experience.
5	The best place to go for all of your vaping needs. After my day of tank cracking hell. 5- CE4 tanks in 1 day, I knew it was time to upgrade to protank. The moment I walked in, Carrie made me feel right at home. Found 2 new tanks, Kanger Protank 3 Mini and a Areotank (you were so right!!!!!) and a ton if new flavors I must have. Moon Sugar + Expresso = Amazing. Also try *Flesh* soooo yummy! Sweet Lovin tastes almost to the T like my every day liquid, I just got to figure out the menthol part. She will order any flavor and strength for you. I plan on telling everyone about this place.
5	Awesome customer service. Helped me find the right unit for me at a very competitive price with features I expected.
5	This shop is one of the best shops around. I have never had issues there. They work with you any way they can and know about all of their products. This shop is the only shop I go to now even if it is a little out of my way. Seth and Jarred are especially helpful and knowledgeable about both pens and drip mods. They also have a full flavor bar for testing their many flavors. If you are not sold on my review just stop by and check it out for yourself.
5	A very nice store with a good variety or products. The staff my husband and I met were knowledgeable and helpful, we learned a lot as we're still relatively new to vaping. I highly recommend this store to anyone either currently vaping or even who would like to quit smoking and/or looking for a healthier alternative.
5	Great customer service! The guy that was helping me out explained everything to me in detail ! They have so many flavors, I walked in looking for orange ice. But ended up walking out with flesh. Great flavor to it ! Plus that little bar area to try all the flavor is awesome ! If you walk in there you will walk out with a purchase.  Good stuff !
5	Seth helped me out and was extremely helpful. I purchased my first pen. He answered every question i had, with no hesitation. Based on the experience, i will only go here from now on. They have a var with all the flavors they sell, and you are able to test before you buy, so you know what you are getting. Thank you again Seth.
5	Seth is a vape genius! New, stronger battery & better flow has made all the difference in the world! I can see myself totally dropping tobacco now. I love the rewards system & how close the store is to home. I will most definitely be back! Thanks a bunch to Seth & Mesa Big Daddy Vape!
