5	The food was really good! I had a Philly cheesesteak and a Gyro (lunch special). It was seasoned well and big portions. I would definitely order from here again.
5	I was driving home when I came across this pizza place I decided to try it out I got a large pizza and it was one of the best pizza I have tried in years I will recommend this place to anyone.
5	Pizza and wings are good! Solid delivery time as well! Might try out the Gyro this time.
5	I get delivery from them two or three times a week. Food is consistently excellent, delivery is always prompt and timely. I definitely recommend Primavera to anyone and everyone. I've never ordered the pizza, however, everything else I've tried has been excellent. BIG plus for the fries!
2	delivery was prompt but pizza was way under-cooked, and pie contents had slided around.  pie was cut carelessly.  middle of pizza was almost too gooey to even go back in the oven.
1	Absolutely terrible. We did not receive all the items in our order and they were not willing to fix it AND they did not give us a refund for the item. So basically they stole from us.The two pizzas they did deliver were burnt and the sandwich we ordered was bland and accompanied by soggy French fries. AVOID THIS PIT. MANY BETTER OPTIONS.
4	This place is great - it's close to my house, so I picked up a large pizza with 1-topping for $8.59! I read some of the reviews, so I wondered if it would be okay, but I was really glad I took the chance. My family loved it, the kids couldn't get enough, and when the wife is happy, I'm happy! The pizza was perfect - hot and tasty. The owners were friendly, too. I will be back soon!
4	PRETTY GOOD!! ... Delivery was fast and polite, food was hot and not bad at all. I ordered a appetizers sampler and chicken finger. I would order from them again.
1	We received the wrong salad...ordered a garden salad, was delivered a Caesar salad. They brought ranch dressing with the Caesar salad. Not enough marinara for the Calzone and doesn't taste all that good. And the gyro bread was soggy (gross!) Won't be ordering from here again
