1	You would think after you spend over $80.00 for an oil change, tire rotation and upgraded car wash they would actually wash the car and clean the interior (since that's what you paid for) but apparently I was a victim of wishful thinking.  I just don't know how people can not have pride in their job...no matter what the pay.  I guess I have always taken my jobs seriously and gone above and beyond most of the time.  I would rather clean it myself but I don't have the supplies.  Just skip the car wash if you want to come here.  It's a huge let down.
1	What could be better than the punk kids that come up to your car and ask... "so whatcha need bossman?" or "whats up hoss?"   or "heya chief"Yeah, find a better place that can not only wash cars, but show the customer some respect.
1	Tony s. Is correct.  Cobblestone has young, pushy sales people that don't know how to treat a customer.  Their price for a wash is high and they do a poor job.The only nice thing i can say is that i had my windows tinted there and it turned out great.  The price was fair too.  Hmmmm....any coincidence that the only good service there was operated by a gentleman over the age of 25???
4	There is a Dunkin' Donuts inside the Cobblestone Auto Spa. I take my son there once a awhile for a morning donut date. My son totally loves the .99 cents food menu and the munchkins donuts. Inside the Cobblestone you can see from a clear window, the cars going through the car wash drive- thru. Attached to the clear window, there is an interactive wheel that you can squirt soap out, to the cars when they are being wash. My son loves this place and it's nice to relax with family in early Sunday morning.
1	I will NEVER allow Cobblestone to touch any car I own. They damaged my car, denied it and then did the exact same action right in front of the GM (the dryer girl stepped into my rear hatch area to dry my large hatchback) and he said" oh, well ...your car is older anyway" and denied my claim saying the rear hatch would cover would break anyway even if the staff drying the interior glass were not standing WITHIN the hatch area-STAY VERY FAR AWAY!ZERO STARS!
1	Sorry I just can't recommend this place at all. I actually make a trip and take my car out to a place in Peoria off Lake Pleasant and Deer Valley. This place has poor customer service and just can't take "no" for an answer. And after the hassle and haggle and still "no I don't want your ppl touching my tiny chip in my windshield" they do a crap job on the wash. In addition they refuse to take my car through the wash and force me to pay extra for a handwash. Come on its a stock Camry. Its not "too low". My car is fine going through any other auto spa.
2	When we first moved to surprise in 06 I brought all 3 of my cars here. Had them detail my corvette and wash our 2 other cars. They left massive swirl marks on the corvette and refused to correct their poor work. Our other vehicles had to be rewashed. After some complaining we were offered a gift card for 2 washes. Used those and didn't come back until their was a groupon offered. 5 years later they still have to be asked to correct poor work and forget to wash a window or 2. Try TNT instead.
1	I really don't think they care about their reviews and or customers in their face.  I quit coming here because I got a good size scratch on the hood of my lifted truck.  I was told that if my truck wasn't so tall it wouldn't have happened...  REALLY?   I asked why they would take it through the automated system if they knew it was too big and that they could have charged me more for a hand wash.  Manager's response "I didn't think of it" and then just walked away.  Ok Then...
3	OK I'm here again; I came here a couple months ago and received so so service. Surprise! It is BETTER. I'm not going to go hog wild here but I can attest that the services were better. I opted for a Carnauba Wax as well and things are looking better for these guys in my eyes. "Chip in your windshield?" Didn't see him. "How about the full bore get her undercarriage clean sales pitch?" Didn't get it. What I did get was a great clean and vac plus a little wax to make the ole Jeep sparkle. Warning: I'm still cautious and will be willing to drop em if they go backwards. Time will tell.....
2	I'm only giving this place two stars because I'm feeling somewhat generous (I guess). I went and took my car there awhile ago. I looked at it after they washed and it was ok--nothing I couldn't do myself or nothing that couldn't have been accomplished by taking it through a drive-thru car wash at a gas station. It was definitely a so-so car wash. The interior wasn't wiped down well nor was it what I would expect of a full service car wash. What really pissed me off was the fact that somehow my wiper blade came off in the wash. Now, these hadn't been touched in forever since it's been awhile since it has rained so there's no way it was "operator error" in terms of replacing it. It definitely came off and instead of telling me when they were hand drying/wiping it, they just crudely set it on top of the metal wiper part. The next day when we used our wipers/wiper fluid, the wiper blade flew off b/cse it wasn't attached and the metal piece scratched our windshield. I would have much preferred them to just tell me that the blade came off and I would have attached it myself instead of them IGNORING it and hoping I wouldn't notice. What a stupid, correctable mistake--indicative of the type of customer service they offer.Don't go here. It's not worth it. Go to TNT and get your car wash/waxed. It's a little further but worth it.
1	I took my car to Cobblestone about 5 years ago and they used a chemical to clean it that fogged up my instrument dash. I thought I would try again today...after all..it has been 5 years right? They have to have gotten better. Not a chance. After paying $200 for a full detail we were told the wait would be 2 hours. OK..they have wireless internet and comfy sofas and a Dunkin Donuts.  6..I kid you not...6 hours later we got the keys to SUV. They didn't wash the front windshield, missed the mirrors and overhead console and used some chemical that messed up the plastic around the door. NEVER get your car detailed at Cobblestone!!
3	Closest gas station to walk to. Very clean. Not well lit up at night though. I think the attendant is in love with himself. Albeit he is friendly and helpful.
1	Brought my car in, and paid for the VIP. When my car was done, it was still dirty inside. They never even wiped the dashboard. I saw the mgr, and said "my car isnt done.. they never did the inside". He apologized, took the car back, and a few mins later they said car is done. I get in.. still not great. Fuzz all over, and they used a dirty rag... What a waste of good $$. I didnt complain again, but Ill never get my car washed there again.
2	Need better customer service. I had a coupon to try them. They made me jump through hoops to use it. Then the outdoor guy said I would have to drive home to print it out instead of downloading on my Iphone. He thought he would make everything OK. by throwing out a bunch of Christmas Platitudes. That was down right annoying!  I went back into the store for a third time and finally someone walked out to assist and make sure all went well. There was only one person behind the counter that was worth this and she was young and friendly. The older people who should have known better all they did was complain and gripe about other people.
1	Horrible!!! Going to this place is like being in a long term abusive relationship!! Out of convenience and an insane desire to be optimistic, I have tried this car wash and have been let down every single time. The most recent time, this past week, I went in for a full service wash and on top of a horrible job (didn't look like they even vacuumed, windows still dirty), somehow they scratched the tint on my drivers side window...on my 2011 vehicle. I spoke to a worker who looked at me like I had 3 heads, then asked for his supervisor...politely, still holding out hope that they would do the right thing (damn that optimism). The manager (Chris) walked towards vehicle with an attitude. I presented the problem, and he immediately stated that there was no way that "they" did this. I told him that it wasn't there when I drove in, and now it was...He said that "I haven't scratched one window in the 6 years I have been manager here"... Guess what, Chris??? You just did!! The windows were a mess, dirty with a ton of fibers from their cloths. I told him it was a new vehicle and that I had no reason to lie to him. He said "we didn't do this and you know that." ummm, wow! Now I am a liar?? Tried calling their corporate office...surprise, surprise...no answer. Do yourself a favor, go a little out of your way to Andrew's Gas and Food Mart on Cactus & El Mirage. Not only is it cheaper, they do an amazing job!!!!! Break the abusive cycle!!!!
2	I have to be fair and say that the operations manager contacted me. We are working on a resolution. This counts for something. Will update upon resolution...
4	Lube dept much better then car wash dept. Manager very helpful and ensured my needs were met. Will return again when car needs maintenance.
4	We came from wash state so our car was very filthy . The checkin guy discounted the super wash , that was nice and the rest of the service people were nice and friendly. We were there mid morning and they were busy so it took a little longer than expected but the waiting area was nice the outdoors and the inside they have good food and free wi-fi. This was the second time we were here and  both times they made our car and my F-350 look new.I would recommend them to all.
4	Always do a great job. A little pricey but a car wash every 6 weeks it isn't that bad.
3	Kim in the oil change center is awesome. She is very friendly and honest. Their oil changes are speedy too. Unfortunately, the guys washing cars have problems. I never leave feeling like my car is as clean as it should be. There is either dust on the dash, kids fingerprints still on my windows, back seat floor unvacuumed, or smudges on the windshield. And they never ever vacuum my trunk, which I thought was standard for car washes. If it wasn't for the good coupons I receive and the free washes with the oil change, I would never get a car wash here. Sorry, Cobblestone, I want to give you a good review but only your oil change department earns the 3 stars.
1	My previous review did not do this place justice.  Sadly, when looking for a quick wash I find myself stopping in, but seriously, no longer.  This business is clearly not managed, or if it is actively managed, it is being run by used car salespeople.  The service writers are cocky, arrogant, and annoying.  They would make more upsells with a less pushy attitude.The car wash itself is pretty poor.  Typically some pretty big details missed.  Today, it was most of the front glass not being wiped properly.  Arrrrghhh....AVOID  AVOID AVOID this car wash.
2	Yes not my first choice and only used them when I got gas and a discounted exterior wash.  When I had full service washes they could never get the interior clean or I would have to ask them to do touch ups.  I rather go down the street to TNT carwash in surprise.
1	I wish would have read these reviews before I went there. They replaced my battery  and it died after 3 days. Couldn't t find a manager. The battery was defected. No apology.... they didn't care and were upset because they had to replace it. Hope they don't put it back on the self for the next sucker to buy it!
1	A piss poor ran car wash, they take forever and don't do a good job. Over priced and overrated. Don't waste your time here. Took over an hour to get my truck washed and they had it sitting in the back for 20 minutes cause my antenna wouldn't come off and no one bothered to call til after 20 minutes. People that weren't even here when I got here have already got there car washed and gone. Will not come back even if the car washes were free.
1	I sent this letter to the Feedback page of CobbleStone. Sorry for the poor feedback, but I felt it needed to be done here, as well as Yelp. I've been coming (going?) to CobbleStone for over a year. The guys at the front are always exceptional. The clerks inside are always courteous, polite, and helpful. The car wash experience has been an absolute crapshoot as of late. I purchase The Works wash everytime I go in. On all 3 of my vehicles. I bugdget around $100 a month in washes. I live in a remote, rural area where dust is prevalent, but need to maintain a clean car for business in town. It can be quite a challenge.Today I went in and had the car washed. When I opened the cupholder, there was still trash in it. I asked the manager about the trash, and he said it would be an upcharge to remove the wrappers out of the cupholder. You've GOT to be kidding me. The interior looked like it was rushed through, and I feel that the quality was not on par with what I paid for.Iam writing to ask that this problem is remedied, as I would prefer not to have to take my business to Danny's, all things being honest. Kind Regards.
1	I've never been a fan, ever since I was here years ago and they tried to get me to buy a package, I said no and they flunked up my car.  My (x) husband came back weeks later for a $10 car wash, and left with the $180 package each - for both of our cars!! Yeah, saw him coming a mile away!  I hate the sales pitches. Just give me the half assed car wash.  We just moved back, I have my CA plates, needed to get all of the collective I-5 amd I-10 bugs off my grill, and was blown away with the "fear" that they use for the poor out of state people "The paint is being eaten off with the bugs enzymes...". Lmfao! I can't imagine how much they make off of the snowbirds!  Go to TNT across the street.  I need to remember to do the same.
2	Prepare for the ultimate hustle if you come to this wash. The prices here are insane. They will try to sell you on any additional services that you don't need and make you seem like a fool if you say no. I don't like dealing with that kind of service and I'm sure my fellow yelpers don't either. Save your money and use the car washes at the gas stations and do the interior yourself. The only reason I give it 2 stars is because the cashiers inside are friendly and I can get myself an iced tea from the dunkin donuts in here.
1	The place looks great but the service is underwhelming. I also agree with the other posters. The high pressure sales has gotten old.  These people are worse than Wells Fargo tellers.
1	I don't even want to give them a one star.. can't get this posted unless I rate.Ok this is the 3rd time now - Why do I go Back. - Today I just needed air in my Lexus RX330 & ended up doing a cheap car wash since there is rain in the fore cast. I am the only one that drives my car - Nobody drives it but me. Every time I go get it from the last part - I have to get rags & Re Wipe Everything - EVERYTHING. It really redicolous - They use to have AmaXYNG people that knew how to take care of your car - Last 3 times No Way. Literally you have to wipe the doors - etc .... they never put the floor covering back right . My bag was thrown around today & to know after I re wiped everything with their rag - I gave them a tip (I use tip Really Great like 5 to 10) no no more. I preceed to turn my car on & the key to my car was broken in half - the part of a key was stuck in my ignitions - Sean (a surpervisor) called another supervisore (who was Tyler) They both said it was like that.. Will come on I am not going to drive my car in like that. They are Nuts - so I need to really put energy out there now. I said a few F words to them - I don't swear - But today I did. To be it my husbad back in November had his brand little Kia Forte oil changed & the next day the Hose Blew up ... He had to be towed off the freeway - Just Saying What A Coinsendent ....???? I am DONE WITH THAT PLACE... Not being Rude ...But people get it together... Simply Don't Care.
3	They did a decent job as usual. I have never had a spectacular car wash but I've never had an absolute terrible one from here either. We went on a Saturday afternoon and they washed my car relatively quick considering there was a long line of cars when we pulled up. I will continue to go here since its not far from my house and I'm usually to lazy to wash it myself.On a side note: I almost cried when I didn't see my antenna topper after it came out from the wash. Usually they remove my antenna but this time they did not. When they were finishing up they put it back on and I was so relieved. I've had this $1 Target shamrock antenna topper for about 4 years, I'm attached to it, and its still going strong!
2	Cobblestone  on  bell sucks they have damaged a couple of company trucks and tried to compensate with free washes.  a friend went here and they didnt even wash it right there was mud caked in the bed of truck
1	Extremely fast and horrible car wash. The guy at the front (Wayne) told me that today was slow for them. So I told him that means they can take their time to ensure my truck will be cleaned well since I read all the bad reviews on yelp. Nope! Taking their time didn't happen. The whole vacuum, wash and drying took literally 4 minutes and my truck still wasn't fully cleaned. I'm even more pissed that I tipped the drying dude $4 for not fully drying off the car or cleaning the inside of my truck.I learned the hard way not never come back here again... Forever... forever, ever... forever, ever.
1	Worst service ! I pay MY money & they scream at me where & how to drive! REALLY ???!!!!!  No way I want scratches or their finger prints on my CAddy!!! It was my last time there!!!!!
4	I originally set out to give this a 1 star rating, however, everyone deserves a second chance!!!    T.J. did a wonderful job taking care of my car and going above and beyond his job to make sure that I was happy and that my car was washed and that the inside was done correctly, this time!!Thank you for a great job, we will be back!
5	There have been countless times that I have been to this location. But my last visit is what compelled me to write this review. Before I get into details... If you have a question about if you should visit this location, stop questioning and see for yourself. From the moment I drove up I felt welcome. Now I HATE when I get asked about upgrading to larger packages etc. One is fine, seems at this location they will ask, but back off when they see I am not interested. Which is awesome! I came to spend $20 on a car wash not $200 on a detail. My car is nice and clean when I leave there.  Now on to the VISIT that made me write this: As usual everything was the same.. This time my car was finished and to be honest, I wasn't completely satisfied when the were done. I pointed a few things out and when they tried to correct them, they realized they were gonna have to run it through again. About 8 minutes later, They called me  for my car and it was as good as ever. Mind you I only said a few things and they took it upon themselves to correct it. If that is not going above and beyond for the customer I do not know what is.
1	They overcharge the car wash isn't great I always have to have them wipe spots and it's still never 100%!
1	I bought the ultimate car wash with the full interior done but no waxing on the exterior. I was told this would take an hour and a half. After my car exited the automated wash it sat for an hour before someone finally touched it. Then at two hours I decided to tell the cashiers that i was unhappy with the wait. The cashier brushed me off and said thanks for telling us. Then after two and a half hours my car still isn't done I decided I needed to talk to a manager. At this point I'm extremely upset after watching one of the people attending my car walk off and chat with a guy who pulled up in a supped up honda and decided to chat for a few minutes. So I spoke with a manager who went and check on my vehicle and told me it was just about done. I then asked him how I get the fifty cents off a gallon for gas. He said normally you have to pay for the car wash at the pump but he would get it for me. So they pull my car to the pump. I now have to lug my baby into the cashier to ask how to pay to get the fifty cents off. She tells me pay outside and come back in. I do this then head back in with baby in tow to get my refund. This cashier tells me I need my receipt to prove I paid for the car wash. So I had to go back out to the car and get the receipt and then back in. At this point I am so fed up with the service I turn in my club card I had just signed up for and advised the cashier I wouldn't be coming back.  Not to mention when I looked over my car after this I saw a lot os spots left untouched. There was a day when companies cared what their customers thought and tried to make right on their errors. Since Cobblestone in surprise doesn't I will not only not do any business there again, but I will be sure to tell my stories to anyone I can about my horrible service.
5	Got a detail last week on my Scion xB. The hood was in seriously horrid condition and they buffed it and made it look SOOO much better! My car looks so nice! These guys are awesome, my family only goes here to get our cars detailed.
1	Not happy. I was told my wash would take 45 minutes. After waiting an hour and 15 minutes I went to the counter and asked the girl if she could find out the status of my vehicle. She intercomed a guy and he said 15 more minutes. Since then, it's been another half hour. Not happy at all and will never return. I even came at 8 in the morning. It was not crowded at all when I got here.
1	This place has gone so far downhill.  $20 for a pathetic wash, left garbage in the door pockets, didn't seem to give a rip.  Never again.
1	I'll let the pictures speak for themselves. This place, no matter how much you spend does a horrible job.Today I got the ultimate wash which is what the pictures are from.In the past I've had two $70 washes which included shampooing carpets and cleaning seats. Last time I had to take the car back a 2nd time as they failed to clean the leather seats. They are willing to fix the issues, but who has time for that. I need my service done right the first time.
1	This place SUCKS! You pay so much money for a detailed car wash and you get shit! The employees don't care. You always have to tell them to clean spots. They always leave the dashboard dusty. I also saw the manager yelling at a customer. How low is that? Very professional, right? My Overall experience....  Will never go back and will NEVER recommend anyone there.
4	Here's a place that cares about my satisfaction. I wasn't pleased with the first attempt at cleaning my carpet, mats and seats, but after I let them know that I was dissatisfied with the quality, they were more than willing to fix it. I always come here and ALWAYS leave happy. Thanks to Drew and the guys, I'll continue to come back. Thanks Drew, for making my experience great!
1	I honestly would rate them 0 stars . I have a brand new 13 accord with 8 thousand miles on it . Brought it to this wash and as they called my name to get my car I inspected it and there was a 6 inch scratch mark on my lower right bumper . Probably from there stupid car wash machine malfunctioning. I told the guy what the hell is that scratch and he denied that the machine did it I was like are u serious . And he goes it's from going over a curb in the parking lot . Last time I check going over a curb would leave scratches on the bottom not on the side of a damn bumper which was one single straight lined scratch not multiple . Anyways I'm never going back here again. Worst customer service ever . Don't recommend this wash to anyone . Messed up my 32 thousand dollar car that isn't even paid off yet.
1	Came in to get my wife's car washed for her. They talked me into getting the leather conditioned and cleaned along with the kick panels, cost me $49.99, they finish my car and I go to get in it and the leather doesn't look any different. I ask the guy what they actually did. He looked at the interior and said an ultimate wash. I showed him my receipt for what I paid for and his response was, they definitely did not do that. He takes it back to have it done, I go out a second time after they were done, and it still looked the same. I guess I look stupid? It finally gets done when I stand there and watch them do it. Be careful, these people are scam artists!!!!
4	I've had issues here but they do try to make it right.  Bring a lot of company trucks here so they do know I am a repeat customer.  Some employees have been here for a long time which is nice.  Never had anything stolen either and that should give them 5 stars lol!
1	I purchased an upgraded wash. When my car came out of the wash I noticed 3 attendants crowded around my vehicle. The quickly dispersed and continued the final wipe downs of the exterior. When I was called over to my car for pick up I noticed two gouge marks and a size able crack in my windshield. When I asked about this they first had to get a manager. I asked what had happened and was told that they weren't sure if the windshield was like that before the wash. I was then told that it can happen with the AZ heat and cold water from the wash (how do they get cold water in July?). The attendants then began asking me if I have full coverage ( um yes my car is brand new). When I told them I needed to make a phone call they scattered never to return to check on me. I hate that my insurance is being billed for THEIR negligence. I had to ask for a refund on my car wash which was given to me. Use caution with the Cobblestone since clearly they do not have respect for the vehicles they service.  The final cost for their carelessness was $269.99!!!
1	Poor does not even come close to the service at this facility. I used to run washes for 8 years, and have managed over 25 in service related industries.Today went and spent almost $200.00 on 2 different vehicles for synthetic oil changes and washes...First vehicle was a work truck...no big deal, right...sales pitch for 10 minutes in the oil bays...okay again no big deal I guess...paid and left...bed of truck was not washed out and rock/dirt still on back bumper...Second vehicle was $20.00 higher than the history on the machine stated...oh we charged you for a handwash...yes and the last time you didn't.This company did try and sell me a seat shampoo scratched out for a leather interior on the previous visit as well and when I "caught" after paying I was told by manager, I am not sure why he would sell that....HE TRIED TO PAD HIS COMMISSION...THATS WHY...he is still employed and was selling detail today...Anyway after second "charged" handwash was done....back was not vacummed and the side by drivers seat was soaked...and the bottom of vehicle wasn't even washed off...REALLY, SAVE YOUR MONEY...GO SOMEWHERE ELSE...NEW ONE IS SUPPOSED TO BE GOING IN AT BELL AND 114TH AREA...CANNOT WAIT, WILL NOT BE BACK TO THIS ONE FOR EVEN A SODA/GAS OR ANYTHING ELSE...PATHETIC SERVICE REPEATEDLY.3 cars...synthetic in everyone of them (6000) miles, premium gas, etc....no more
1	I have given this place multiple chances but they've let my wife and I down for the last time.  Both my wife and I have had issues with employees being rude and not completing what we had paid for.  My latest experience was by far the worst.  When I arrived I was greeted and the employee tried to up sell me.  I said no it's a brand new vehicle i do not need those items.  He told me and I quote "not to spit that sh!t here".   I laughed it off as immaturity and moved on.  Upon completion I noticed that the items I paid for were not completed and what was done was half way completed.  Then to top it off we got home only to find multiple scratches across the top and sides of my roof.  This vehicle had 3000 miles and was not scratched.  I will never return to this place.  I'll just do it myself for now on.
1	This location has gotten really bad. The wash lanes do not open on time for starters. The price has dropped trying to be competitive and the service has entirely disappeared. If you want to be ignored, this is the place to go. I have been a regular customer but I will not return again. Other great car washes very close by.
4	I needed to get the mud off my truck after the storm. Mud inside and out. Stopped going here 3 yrs ago because of horrible attitudes and service.  Had no choice. What a nice surprise! Really nice people and I was pleased at the results. I even brought my other car in on Wednesday. Again pleased with the results.
2	Okay, I took my Dodge Ram truck in this morning (9/24/14).  I decided to go with the "Ultimate Wash" since I had not cleaned or washed it in quite awhile.  The cost for the "Ultimate Wash" is $49.99.  I figured for that amount of money I would be pleased with the results.  Not so.  When I first spoke with the attendant who greets you, he assured me that everything would be cleaned.  I pointed out the tar and chewing gum that had stuck to the side of the vehicle.  He said no problem. So, after about 15 minutes my truck is through the auto wash and shows up in the detail space under the awning.  It took another hour from this point to finally get my truck.  While it was parked there, they wiped it down and cleaned the inside panels and glass.  This should have taken, at the most, 30 minutes. There was a lot of "down time" where nothing was being done.  Finally, he pulled the truck forward and indicated that it was finished.  When I walked over to the truck t noticed the tar and the gum was still on the side panels.  No attempt was taken to remove it. After pointing this out to the detailer, he reluctantly walked back and got the necessary cleaning supplies to clean it.  Then he says "okay?", and I say " no, the tires are not clean"  Once again he shrugs and sauntered off for another cleaner.  The bottom line is:  I got what I paid for after complaining.  This is totally unacceptable.  This was my first time here and will be the last!Greeter for wash:  Jose LopezTime in:  10:35Time out: 11:45(I would welcome any comments from the management team)
1	I live just down the road from this place and go there for the convenience.  The service is absolutely awful in the car wash area.  They try to pressure you into adding add-ons to your car wash and they don't take no for an answer very well as a matter of fact they can be out right rude.  Then there's the chipped windshield guys hovering around trying to pressure you into letting them fix a tiny nick in your windshield, and don't try to say no to these guys or you'll get more attitude from them.  Well today was the last straw for me, I pulled my car up to the vacuum spot and got out and stood there waiting, there were only two other cars there besides mine, and young the attendant waited on them first and when he was done with them he turned and walked a way, I waited a while longer to see what he was going to do and he never even acknowledged me so I walked inside and stood inside looking out to see what he would do, well they vacuumed my car out and ran it through the car wash so I got a hold of the manager and let him know what was going on and got an attitude from him...I ended up with a free car wash but I would rather have good service first and foremost and this was the second time this kind of service has happened to me here that's why I'm boycotting cobblestone from here on out.  Enough is enough.  Join me in boycotting this place there are plenty of places close by to get a car wash and for that matter anything else this place sells.
4	Should have read the reviews, took my truck in for a quick wash and while waiting for a long time I noticed my truck was nowhere in sight. I had to ask around to located it. It was in the back because they drove it into a wall.Now I have to keep going back so they can repair it and I still paid for the wash. They never offered anything to make it right. Update; when I took my truck back to have them install part, manager apologized again and started on the right road to make things right. After reading all the reviews I get a feeling that there is a serious customer service issue here, but I do know stuff happens and everyone deserves a second chance. I recommend they get some serious help with training. I hope they can make lasting changes with customer service. Seeing around corners for their clients and be proactive not reactive when there is a problem.
3	What a great car wash staff you have there. Primo and Columbo amazing at what they do. I would give more stars if you didn't have such a cocky supervisor working in that area. From what I hear he is recently promoted. I guess he will have to be put in place by a nice "sun city" resident and maybe change his tone. Other than that great staff you have running the place. Kudos also to Constance and her staff as well. Helping as much as they do.
1	Absolutely terrible customer service at this location. The front end manager has a horrible demeanor . She will suck the life right out of your morning by overcharging you. Every time we use this location the work is shotty and we have to have the car go through the line again
