2	saw this place on facebook and heard from a friend it was open. there was no address on their website or on google only on facebook which i didn't learn until after i had tracked the place down. they also have no phone number. they have been open for about a week but apparently no one knows yet because the place was almost empty on a weekend night. they have a great selection of video games and systems to play all around the bar but i had to track someone down to figure out how to get games. the door staff was unhelpful when i got there. but they do have a ton of games to pick out of and it is fun to play the ones i don't have. ordered food and the pizza was as expensive as the restaurants on mill but it tasted like bad bar food. i had 2 specialty drinks and both were great too. bartender was funny. will go back and try it again and update my review because the place is cool and it doesn't charge to play games but because kind of a letdown and unhelpful staff my first trip was a bad one.
3	I closed my tab leaving a tip ... Ten minutes later, someone comes up to me and says that they gave me someone's else's tab by accident to close. Whoops. Eventually I close my own tab and went home. Looked at my account the next day, I had three different tabs open of various amounts, non of them correlating with my original tab. I did the math, and was significantly over charged (yes I know the prices of the beers I got and the three separate tabs I had in my account was a little over double of what my original charge was suppose to be). It's a fun place, but because of this bad experience, and the fact that the bartenders are slower (and I mean SLOW) than grandma crossing the road, I can't give this place more than three stars; that's being generous :/ decent beer selection though and fun video games :)
4	This is a very unique place for a specific demographic: gamers. It's so refreshing to see this, in contrast to the countless sports bars and other watering holes on Mill Ave. I don't particularly like Mill Ave, but friends told us about this place and we had to check it out. It's located upstairs near the ASU Brickyard, between 6th and 7th St, in a nice hideaway spot. Their website right now is lacking, but hopefully they'll be updating it. The space is fairly large, with quite a few booths and tables strewn throughout. A decent selection of beers and ciders on tap and some specialty drinks that I saw. Do not come here specifically for the food. This isn't the place to get a decent dinner; the food is basically just late-night bar food that you crave after you've been drinking: mozzarella sticks, french fries, some questionable-looking pizza, etc. The portions are all pretty small compared to the price too. Drink prices are totally reasonable, but just skip on the food unless you're starving. Now let's get to the point: It's a video game bar. There are about two of each system lining the wall that are attached to decent-sized computer monitors. It looks like they have pretty much every gaming system, so there's something for everyone. There are leather couches in one area with big screen tvs with the newer platforms hooked up. People were playing Halo and Mario Kart and the like. There's also another area with Rock Band set up, which was fun. Everyone was super nice and the place really exceeded my expectations. There was no cover, no fee to play any of the games, and it was great. I'm sure this will change in the future when they gain popularity, but for now, it's a really affordable place and very welcoming. We checked out a couple games with the guy at the service desk, and they have quite the selection. Everything is inventoried on the computer, so you couldn't physically see the titles, but the games we asked for they had, and they gave us extra controllers too. Here's a list of the games per their website: http://endgamebar.com/games/Overall, it was an awesome evening full of fun. Next time we're going to bring some board games and lounge in one of the booths also. We had no problems with our tab and the bartender we interacted with seemed really cool. He let me try one of the ciders before I committed to it, which I appreciated. If you're into video games at all, you will appreciate this place for its unique vibe and charm.
2	I'd give it a one star, however, I think the concept is a cool idea. BUT...it could've been done better. The "re-grand opening" was a total loss...it was packed...however their system failed them and they were VERY slow at getting drinks out! If you wanted a beer, then great! but a mixed drink...forget that! My friend had to wait almost an HOUR for her drink! Plus, when they gave her the drink, they just walked away...it's like they were giving them out for free! Sheesh. We were not happy...plus there was barley any room to move about....ehh oh well..not going back....
1	First let me stress, this is a place to play games! They are uninterested in giving quick, adequate service. I have given this place several chances...I've been there five times before writing this. I am now convinced that the owner hired his gaming buddies and did not actually hire bartenders..most look pathetically helpless behind the bar and are unable to answer basic questions as "what beers are on tap?" I've waited about an average of twenty minutes standing at the bar while they are 1/4 full to have my tab closed out, each time being reassured that "this never happens. I've received better service from more crowded bars on mill and I can honestly say that this place has consistently given me terrible service over several visits.
2	I love the concept, but this place is so frustrating! Hire a freaking hostess! Above all get bartenders who can MOVE! Get ready to wait an hour for a bartender to look and you and ignore you some more. The extra back bar doesn't have that much so they're no help. Get bartenders who effing move it and problem solved. Heck have shot girls/guys walking around or something! I'm at a bar! I'm social awkward! Give me booze fast!!!
4	Awesome bar. Awesome games. Good drinks from awesome mixologists.  We got to roll a dice for a chance to win a fee appetizer.  Games, yes the video games..my bf really liked the selections.  Many ppl were enjoying the games and drinking high end cocktails.I gave it a 4 bc I didn't really try the food.  Just fried mushrooms appetizer, it was decent. We decided to check it out when we spotted a new spot where the Bamboo Club used to be, 2nd floor overlooking Mill Ave in front of the Handle bar. Will be back.
5	I absolutely love this place. Yes, the food needs a little work, but the menu improves every time I come in. And besides, the food isn't the reason to come here anyway. The employees are friendly and help create a welcoming environment. As a girl who loves games, but doesn't always love the people who play them, this is something that is very important to me. They regularly hold events for all sorts of crowds - hardcore gamers, homespun crafters, tabletop roleplayers, indie game creators, cosplayers, you name it. They are open to ideas so don't be afraid to chat up the employees and tell them what you think.This place is already great and has the potential to be amazing - if you are a geek in Phoenix, please help keep it open.
5	If places like this were around right when I turned 21, I would be a regular. As a working parent, I don't get out as often but this place is a little slice of home. It's got all kinds of games, and plenty of space to socialize with friends. The selection of games here is absolutely awesome and they're free to play, so that's cool. This is a wonderful concept and I hope more people give this place a shot. It's a gamer/geek bar, so don't expect the best food or drinks, but what they have is good. All these people giving it one or two stars are being way too nit picky. Come here for the games, stay for the good times with friends. You definitely won't regret it.
5	Great atmosphere, awesome staff. First time here was so much fun!! There's a ton of games, and competitions, you have your pick of virtually almost any video game you can think of, on any system! Definitely will be back, and recommend endgame to any and all gamer/geek!!
5	Old school gaming alongside current gaming consoles is a great combination for everyone. Gamers can just hang out too or celebrate with friends. Wish this was around when I went to ASU. Fun for adults and families, with minors allowed until 10 pm.
3	If you are a dude, you will most likely disregard my review and go to Endgame without needing any opinions and that's ok - I totally understand. If you happen to be the girl who gets called to DD an entire group of drunken men/trolls, read my every word. The concept of a game bar in Arizona is heaven sent and it really does make sense to open more of these. Hot Sahara weather outside - take a break in a place where games are free, drinks are cheap, a menu full of fried stuff, and most of all A/C. Besides Howie's, I don't know of any other place that brings together this specific demographic and it's great that they can now enjoy Mill Ave in a different way other than sweatily rubbing against other random people in what normal circumstances I've been in - a sausagefest crowd. It's even open during the school day so great for in between class breaks. Food and drinks can definitely be improved on - it's how this place makes their money seeing as the games are free. Not sure how experienced the bartenders are but my drinks were pretty mild and just tasted like I paid 7 dollars for pure juice. Definitely not okay as I'm being forced to play games against my will with what seemed like the rowdy seven dwarfs. Then again, I ordered 2 Stella, 1 Shiner, 2 Pineapple Vodka, Some Game-themed Mixed Drink, plate of fries, and a Red Bull and vodka and it only came out to $37 so it didn't upset me too much.They have a wide array of games from the original Sega's to the brand new Super Smash, you will get to play whatever your heart desires. TV's all around and some old school arcade games. You can even ask for board games like Cards Against Humanity. If you need an extra player or a different game, staff is pretty handy and quick when needed. They have tournaments here as well from time to time and the place can get pretty crowded for a Friday night so you more than likely have to creepily stalk what you want to play. If you have a student ID be sure to show it so you can get a 10% discount. All in all, I really hope this place improves both food wise and decor wise (only God knows what has happened in those dark booths) and DON'T FORGET to bring hand sanitizer for yourself. On a busy night, I swear this place could easily begin an epidemic from touching the control players.
1	Update: I went back. It seems like prices have gone up and portions (drinks and food) have gone down. Menu options have been removed and it basically just serves fried bar food now. Drink menu expanded but since they take half an hour to get (which was ALMOST as long as the food toook) it's not really worth it. The first time I went they were short staffed now it looks like a skeleton crew on a busy night not okay. Staff was rude when I asked about why my order was taking so long. Will not be going back for food or drinks but I will probably go play games because that part is free. I would spend mmoney there if they made it worth it but they really dont.
1	Great environment. Almost impossible to get to a game unless you're there from open to close. Drinks are creative but too expensive. (Understandably with free gaming) foods inexpensive but it takes forever to be made; much like the drinks. I love the staff, except the cook. Thanks to the cook last night, I'd eaten two undercooked near raw chicken tenders before my girlfriend pointed it out. The waitress was kind enough to refund and replace my food, but the food poison I had all night while I was up all night vomiting....has left me not wanting to go back. Replace the cook or get a couple of them. Either way, giving your guests food poisoning after they drop over 200 dollars at your bar is a bad way to keep business.
2	they have good craft beers on tap. that is literally all they have going for them. it was hardly busy, and it took the bartender nearly 10 minutes just to look at us. the whole concept is great, but this place is disorganized, and the staff are unprofessional and inhospitable. will not return.
