2	Amid all the jokes you could make with this bar's name, I have to admit my disappointment towards this place which hardly stands the comparison with what the Old Montreal has to offer. Perhaps that horrible Santos place but let's remain elegant.OK the interior is reddish and kitsch but that's the only remarkable thing. Here the story goes. Former freshmen and cheap drinkers, do you remember these earlier years when we use to sip on Christophe Dalbray or Fusion white wines for $8 a bottle? Well here, you will get a glass of these for $9. More, I got a stinger which almost felt like Crest but without the whitening ingredient. Service wise, order at the bar, as the jersey shorish personel will make you wait for too long and shout an almost delicate " c'est-tu correct leuuuuuh" meanwhile you are conversing. The end."Priez que Dieu nous veule absouldre."
3	I usually come to Le Confessional on a Thursday night because it gets happening on Thursday nights.  The drink prices are not cheap but not exorbitant.  The music is very diverse (from house to hip hop).  The crowd is also a reflection of the music, diverse.  On my most recent visit, I was disappointed with the coat check process.  It took a long time to get my coat, plus they handed me 4 wrong umbrellas until the right one was finally handed to me.  However, It was the only blemish on that night.  Overall, Le Confessional is a place you want to start your evening off, not where you stay the whole night.
2	Well I stopped in here for a drink.  This was the first time I've been here and found the crowd to be a bit touristy.  Things did get rather busy by about 10:30pm, and the music was OK.  Not the best place I've been to in the area, but worthy of a stop to see what sort of characters there are to see.I think this would be a good spot for singles.
1	Worst bar ever. First of all, I felt like I had traveled back to the 80s for Season 1 of Sex & the City where Carrie sports her white girl, triangular afro. Secondly, there were only two other people in the place. It was completely dead otherwise. Not to mention that when we walked in, the waitress/bartender - whatever she was, looked right us and completely ignored us. In fact, she kept making eye contact with me from the back of the bar, but instead of coming over to take our drink order, she just kept on slicing those damn limes. HELLO? Finally, she comes by and says something like "Sorry, I couldn't see you well from where I was." OK, but you COULD see us, right? Lame excuse for her lack of service.  Then we ask if she has a cocktail menu. She does not. Nor can she make any recommendation whatsoever. Then we figure we'll play it safe and just order wine. She tells us they only have one brand and not to order it because it sucks. So finally, I ask her what the hell the 'specialty' is and she says that she can make martinis. Fine. Give us two Lychee martinis so we can get the hell out of there, pronto.Worst martinis ever. I'm pretty sure my friend and I both grew hair on our chests after taking the first sip, though when I woke up this morning, I didn't see any. It was like drinking liquid glue. Horrible! The only reason we finished our drinks is because they overcharged us at $13 a piece. Terrible service, terrible drinks and overall, not my kind of place. Go elsewhere - there are plenty of options in the old port.
4	Wednesdays nights are awesome, hip hop and cool older crowd (like 25-35). Sexy bartenders and adequate service.
2	I will never for the life of me understand the attraction to these places. These "clubs" that aren't really clubs but are clinical elitist bars with the music jacked up over the bad speakers.Everything is terrible; decor, door attitude, prices, clientele, music, everything. Basically, really wealthy guys with little taste come to these places (trusties, wealthy college kids, Arabs - some of whom were my friends and dragged my ass here), and in response, comes the trashy gold digger girls, leading to the shitty decor and fat angry doormen.Then what happens, is the staff realizes if they do nothing, coked up dumbasses will still pay and tip the same; cuz these people are just so excited to be drinking alcohol away from their strict parents, even though they're in their twenties. This results in a hierarchy of tipping/clientele, which results in a disastrously shitty bar that is maintained by tastelessness and rich kids throwing Dad's money in the trash, unknowing that entire worlds exist less than 1km away in any direction where you can get value for your money. There is nothing of value in Le Confessional; not one thing, not one lightbulb, or color, or song, or anything. It's like a cultural virus, made of all things unnatural, superficial and wrong with society.These places I feel should be illegal (others in Montreal are Buona Notte or Joverse), but hey, there's a damn market, so fair play to the owners for milking these transient idiots who justify going to these places because its "next to their house" and they "have the servers under their thumb" and can "buy dumb chicks." But anyone "normal" who actually knows how to read, or make decisions, or enjoy art or music, should never come close to this kind of place lest you want to get socially disturbed and end up in introspective therapy sessions trying to figure out what the hell happened.
1	Meh? First time here and it looked decent from the outside,  outside of that the place is  very underwhelming. Sketchy, unwelcoming service. When J asked to rub a tab they took my name, credit card and drivers license? Bartender(a) seemed to have a different agenda.
