5	I do not tend to give that many 5 star ratings, but when you add in the cleanliness of this pizzeria (plus a whole lot more menu items and breakfast to boot), it makes sense. Let me elaborate. I noticed how pristine the walls, floors and the general ambiance was the moment I stepped in for a mid afternoon snack. I confirmed they had renovated 7 months ago. The decal in the window states since 1965, so I can only imagine what it was like way back when. Now on to the food and service. Family owned and operated there is an air of pride here that is not always felt at other local joints. In no particular order, the burgers were straight up Montreal fried and dressed, in all-dressed fashion (ie. no mayo or ketchup) yet include vinegar pickle slices, shredded coleslaw, mustard and relish - like you get on a steamed hotdog chez a Montreal "casse-croute". The poutine gravy was a real standout. Likened to the kind you get on a good hamburger steak - not thick and goopy, just delicious. The cheese was not the squeeky kind, but did taste good with the fresh cut fries. Squirt bottles of vinegar were a neat accessory. Now skip over 18 hours and breakfast was also well above average. Their 'Le Brunch' plate included sausage links that reminded me of Picasso's (RIP), fluffy pancakes, french toast (simple white bread battered with a little egg), excellent feves-au-lard (baked beans with fat chunks), quality maple syrup (which can be subbed out for corn syrup in many places), tomato's or fruit (your choice), crisp bacon (salty, but not skimpy) and coffee (strong diner style) or black tea in a metal server. Other observations I noticed were many regulars reading their free Le Journal de Montreal newspapers. Fair prices too, yet cash only was the only real short coming I could find in my two visits.
4	I had the pleasure of eating at Rex for breakfast! What a treat: the food? Delicious! Along with a warm friendly service. You get so much for your buck!! For a mere 7,50$ I got a full breakfast: two eggs, bacon, sausage, toast, french toast, pancake, beans and fruits. You MUST try this place!
