4	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):7 Food10 Service8 Atmosphere8 ValueThis "fast food" restaurant is brand spankin' new and cleanly decorated with great stained concrete floors, mosaic tiled bar front, and pretty new tables & chairs.  The owners were some really friendly people.  It's really nice to be at a place where you feel like they care about your specific experience, rather than just being a faceless customer.And when I walked in, I got excited.  Because the owners are Chinese!  This isn't like when you walk into an Indian restaurant and see Mexicans in the kitchen, or like that Korean restaurant you go to and see Japanese folk in the kitchen.  Or that [insert nation here] place and see [insert other nation here] people in the kitchen.  Nope!  At this Chinese restaurant you see a Chinese guy in the kitchen.  Point: Hsin!  And these guys are the real deal - they still speak Mandarin and print the Chinese characters for all their dishes underneath the English.  So naturally, when I walked in, I got excited.So I haven't had Chinese food in forever, but this was good.  And actually it's the only Chinese place I know of anywhere near me now that I think about it...  Also, the chili paste he gave me for the spicy chicken plate was tasty and had some kick.  I'm coming back here to try the pepper steak next.  My only suggestions at the moment, would be to use non-disposable plates and utensils (this is a big, strong suggestion), and to find a few more non-soda beverage offerings.
3	In one word, my carry out lunch experience at Hsin was WEIRD. When I walked in, I was pleasantly surprised by the clean, modern ambiance. It's definitely an upgrade from your traditional Chinese place. But, it was SO hot inside. I felt badly for the two other people who were dining in. With all of the west and south-facing floor to ceiling windows, they really need to pump that AC to combat against the power of the AZ sun. Since I'm a vegetarian, the only real option for me was the Veggie Delight.  When I asked the cashier if there was tofu in the dish she replied "no, because we've found that it's not popular enough with our clients to carry."  Ummm...haven't you only been open a week?  How can anything be unpopular yet? In any event, she did go into the back to see if they had tofu lying around because I wasn't going to pay $5.99 for vegetables and rice. Low and behold they did have tofu - yay!  A minute later, the chef came out and asked me if I was a vegetarain.  Turns out they use non-vegetarian friendly oyster sauce in their only non-meat dish.  Once that got sorted out it was only a matter of minutes until I received my order.Once I opened it, I was a bit perplexed by the apple, kiwi, tomato salad in one corner of the container and the cold broccoli in teriyaki sauce in another corner all sitting on top of my veggie delight entree.  The cold broccoli definitely stood out in a not-so-good way when there was hot broccoli already mixed into the dish.  And tomatoes in a fruit salad? The entree actually tasted good but the rest was strange strange strange.
4	Clean and stylish decor, attentive and eager staff, and tasty and affordable food.  All important hallmarks in the Quick Casual category.  The orange chicken was a noticeable step up from the Panda offering with the chicken being well balanced in terms of sweet and savory.If I was an ASU student living downtown this would be a regular in my dining rotation.  Well done.
5	I've only been once. I had the Veggie Delight with fried rice, which was $1.50 extra. But there was plenty for two meals. I really liked the addition of fruit - a couple of grapes, a slice of strawberry, an apple chunk - in my veggies. It added a pleasant amount of sweetness but not enough to detract from the veggies and rice. Overall, the dish tasted clean, light, and delicious. I'll definitely go again.
4	SO excited to have a decent chinese place in downtown that is actually open after 5!  As much as I love China Chili, I just can't drive up there all the time.  Having Hsin around is going to improve my culinary options.We went during their grand opening.  I ordered the orange chicken and it was very good.  Some of the best orange chicken I have had, actually.  It was a bit weird though since it was accompanied by a fruit salad and cucumber slices.  Very odd choice of a side.  I liked getting fruit but some of it got the orange sauce on it and wasn't very good.  Oh well.The people who worked there (especially the younger girl) were awesome.  Lots of personality and very helpful.  This place will quickly become a take-out favorite of ours.
5	Good healthy new place, and inexpensive.  A nice addition to downtown.  Love the nicely prepared vegetables (baby bok choy, and still nicely crunchy!), and the addition of fruit is nice.  And they added steamed tofu to the menu!  The shrimp with tomato is my favorite.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food10 Service8 Atmosphere8 ValueMy previous two suggestions were to use non-disposable eat-ware for eat-in customers and to get more beverage selection.  While the first is still true, and nags me every time I eat here, I've decided (or learned after seeing the display case with odd Asian drinks) that their beverage selection is actually okay.  But I am replacing it with a campaign to Save the Fruit.Each plate comes with fruit, which serves as dessert in my mind.  And on each plate that fruit is oozed on by the more savory sauces that adorn my wonderful pepper steak or spicy chicken, as Glenn has noted earlier.  And thus half the fruit is gross.  And so it teases me, because I can see what it once was and what I wanted it to be.  Maybe place it in a separate (washable!) bowl, or rearrange the platter so that the rice acts as a barrier between fruit and sauce.I really like this place; it's crazy friendly and really yummy at good prices in a good location.  So please Hsin, use washable eatery and Save the Fruit.
4	I have been craving Asian food for a while now, especially Chinese, but with nothing terribly close (i.e. walking distance) until now, I wasn't too inspired to drive to find a place. I have been walking past Hsin for months now. After getting a copy of the menu in the clubhouse of my apartment complex and reading the reviews here, I knew it was time to stop in. When trying a new place I like getting several items off the menu to try. Thank goodness I enjoy leftovers! On this visit I got the fried dumplings, the original chow mein, the orange chicken meal and a bowl of hot and sour soup...to go. The soup...when first opened I loved the look, several fresh slices of mushroom, carrot, seaweed, onions, tofu...the flavor...there was something about it I was not too fond of, can't pin point what it was, kind of a rancidy undertone but I added some Siracha chile sauce, which covered up that flavor and finished the soup. The dumplings were deep fried potstickers (chicken filling) served with a ginger-garlic-soy dipping sauce that I really enjoyed (6 come to an order I had 2). The chow mein had plenty of fresh veggies, I added a little soy and Siracha to add some flavor, I am having the rest for lunch today. The orange chicken meal came with a good portion of chicken, white rice, fresh steamed broccoli and fresh fruit (apple, kiwi, grapes, strawberry). The orange chicken, its not the Panda Express orange chicken and while not as orange flavored as I like, it was very good, the rice perfectly steamed and chopstick friendly. The broccoli well steamed and still crisp, kudos! What I really liked was the fresh fruit. They did make an effort within the carry out container to separate the fruit from the meat/sauce with the rice and broccoli as buffers, but a little got through, definitely not a deal breaker for me.I had a couple of pieces of chicken with rice and broccoli and finished the fruit in this sitting, the rest is waiting at home for me for dinner. Clean restaurant, friendly and quick service plus essentially I got 3 meals out of my order, and was all under $20. This is my kind of fast food.
3	Another day of comfortable shoes, comfortable weather, and a not-so-busy work day. This perfect combination allows me to walk a little farther than normal for lunch. I was in the mood for something new and different. After reading several different reviews on Yelp (see, I told you it was a slow day), I decided on Hsin Cafe. The walk over was nice, considering. I witnessed a tire-screeching, almost-accident when someone ran a red light. Luckily, both cars were able to stop and even though I was inches away in the cross walk, I was able to move quickly. Those of you that read my Just My Luck review (http://www.yelp.com/biz/absolutely-just-my-luck-tempe#hrid:T8MQBQpStdP_huSg-BDA_Q) may say it's Karma. I won't argue. I arrived at Hsin Cafe around 11:45. They were not very busy. There were two occupied tables and two people that entered behind me. The woman at the counter was friendly and kindly answered all of my questions about the menu. When I asked about the veggie dish, she even offered to put tofu in it. Must have changed their story after Leslie F's review! (Another win for the Yelpers!) I ended up with the Pepper Steak and iced tea to go. The steak was good, but not exactly peppery. The red bell peppers and onions with the steak were crisp and yummy. The side of broccoli was decent, plain, but decent. The fruit was a nice addition too. The to-go container had sections, so the fruit didn't get mixed with the sauce, however, I like a little savory with my sweet, so I dipped my apple slice in the left over sauce for the pepper steak. Yum! I still agree with Sean, I would rather have them be separate and choose to dip, rather than have them end up that way regardless. Overall, I was pleased with the quality of the food. Sometimes, with other Asian places, you never know what you're going to get. Give me another nice day and if I'm wearing good shoes, I'm there!
4	It's really nice to have a decent Chinese food option Downtown at normal dinner hours.  We came during their grand opening and got like, half priced food, and then we have been another time for take out in the park.  Both times I have been pleased with my food.  The first time I got mushroom chicken, or something like that, and it was very good.  The sauce was thick but not gross and gelatinous, and quite savoury.  There were tons of mushrooms and plenty of chicken to go around.  I wasn't quite sure what was going on with the apples and strawberries on my plate, but I ate them anyway.  I also got an egg roll.  They are fantastic!  I really do love them, and their sweet and sour sauce they serve with it is also great.  The second time, I got the Beef Fried Rice.  It was really nice and not greasy at all.  There were lots of veggies in it, but I could have done with a little bit more meat and a little less onion.  Overall though, it was great.I really do love this place.  It's quick and convenient, and the staff is super friendly.  My only complaint is that they have Pepsi products, and everyone knows that Pepsi is gross.  I also found it hilarious that on their grand opening day they were giving out plastic Coke "glasses".  Ironic.  Great place, you should go!
4	The fruit, has been saved.  Point: Hsin.
4	A good spot for a quick bite to eat. The portions on the meal are much larger then the rice bowl. Quick, satisfying and clean!
3	Seems a bit pricey for the amount of food. Good flavor tho, and friendly staff.
4	Good spot for a quick lunch or dinner. The food is good. The space is relaxing. I've had the chow mein, some of the dinner plates and the pork and egg roll apps. Never disappointed. I also appreciate that they will accept special requests. (I like the chow mein with extra veggies and few noodles.)Hsin fills a hole for Chinese food in downtown.My only complaint is their Ice Tea. Then need to change beverage vendors or start making the tea in house. This is AZ. There is no excuse for crummy ice tea.
4	The owners of this fast-casual Asian diner on ASU's Downtown campus, brothers Jack and Ben Juang, put heart and soul into every family inspired creation and their passion comes through in every forkful (I only use chopsticks if I'm on a date or trying to eat slowly). I've been a huge fan since Hsin Cafe first opened its doors in the spring and will continue to champion their stellar menu, which includes fantastic chow mein, fried rice, curry and teryaki bowls, as well as signature entrees that showcase BBQ pork, beef, shrimp and chicken.My current favorite is beef chow mein but I can honestly say that I've tried everything on the Hsin Cafe menu and not once have Ben and Jack disappointed. The portions are large so it's entirely possible that you're spending $5-7 on two meals--perfect for students or any workaday Downtowner on a budget.
2	two stars in my book is below average, not horrible, but not good, and that's what I feel Hsin Cafe is. In this location, you'd expect an inexpensive, large portion, take out style restaurant like Panda Express or the many copycat versions of it. Unfortunately for me, and for the students in the area, that's not what Hsin is. Instead, you'll find a very unpretentious but squeaky clean neighborhood restaurant with a somewhat limited menu of Chinese favorites, served with a "healthy" style. The man who was running the dining room during my visit was very friendly but didn't seem to understand what I wanted, or perhaps just didn't want to budge. I really was in the mood for Orange Chicken with some noodles, but in their meals they serve white rice, veggies, and main dish. It's $6.99 for the meal which isn't outrageous at all, but I just wasn't feeling steamed veggies. I asked if I could swap the veggies and rice for a small portion of noodles, and he tried to sell me veggie chow mein for an additional $2 which would have made my meal $9, now it's sounding very expensive. The recommendation then was to buy a la carte Orange Chicken, at $5.99, and add veggie chow mein to it, at $4... That's $10 as well. Why not add some flexibility to the menu for people who want something different? Most places will give you a choice of this or that, but Hsin seems to have the attitude that this is what we have, eat it or leave. When I got home, I thought the hot and sour soup I ordered was completely average, albeit a very small portion especially for $2. My orange chicken came in a decent sized order, but tasted like someone dumped a bottle of sesame oil in the batch. If I want to suck on a bottle of sesame oil, I'll go home and stick a nipple on the bottle in my pantry. The saving grace for this place is definitely its cleanliness, but the flexibility on the menu, the relatively high prices compared to the portion sizes, and the taste of the food is really all lackluster. You can be as "nice" as you want, and you can get away with mediocre food if you're really amazing with customer service, but Hsin is doing it wrong.
1	The food was not oily which is good. However, it lacks taste. To make matter worse, it was extremely salty. The decor was light and the place was clean. None of the above matters if the food is not good. I will not go back again.
5	I love this place! I'm an ASU downtown student and its perfect for a quick, healthy meal. I can get grilled chicken, veggies, and brown rice. The place is always clean and the service is always GREAT. Plus they gave me 10% off for no reason today. I'll take it! Oh, and they have a really good green peach iced tea too. I have never had a bad experience here, and I'll miss it when I graduate!
5	I'm a visitor in town for a convention and I stumbled upon this place on yelp.  Just the location alone is awesome.  Really convenient to get to.  I've been here twice so far and have been more than satisfied with my food.  It's fresh and good.  Lastly the price wasn't bad at all either.  They are pretty reasonable and I give them credit for not trying to take advantage of the tourist or college students.  I would definitely recommend.
1	Unconscionable that any establishment can't afford an actual outgoing message on their phone line.  I had to walk 10 blocks in the broiling AZ sun to find out from a hand-written note taped to the door that they were running shorter hours and not serving dinner now.  Can't call ahead and ask, because nobody is there.  Food might be top notch, but when they're running random hours and can't be bothered to update their info on Yelp, they deserve no stars.  Unfortunately I have to give them one star because otherwise I can't put this warning out there.  DO NOT GO WITHOUT CALLING FIRST, and if you don't talk to a human, DON'T WASTE ANOTHER SECOND but move on to another place that knows how to run a business.
4	This was a great little spot.  Great food.  It was kind of small inside, but very clean and the staff was very nice.
5	so, apparently i can't read or maybe i was too excited for the elite event at PBS studios, but i thought i read that the event started at 6pm. wrong. so there we were, 30 minutes early because i am exceptionally gifted at reading. knowing that there wasn't much open nearby and hearing the rumbling in our stomachs, the boyfriend suggested that we hit up Hsin for some tasty spicy chicken. we walked across the street, walked right in, and found a very friendly man at the register looking at us quizzically. apparently my reading ineptitude was contagious because bf walked me right past a sign that said "Summer Hours 9 - 6pm". they were closed, but the nice gentleman behind the counter was extremely nice and said that he could serve us anyway as long as we took it to go. sweet!we ordered the spicy chicken no bread. it was delicious! tasty chicken, water chestnuts, peppers, bamboo, and an extremely large helping of broccoli made it an extremely filling, tasty, and not so bad for you meal. i couldn't believe that the man was nice enough to whip us some even though he was closed. that alone would always have me coming back but the food was also terrific! Hsin for the win :).
1	This was my first time here. The service was poor and the food tasted even worse. I ate the white rice and that was it. Dumped the rest....save your 8 bucks and walk to the Irish Pub down the street!
2	First time customer review: I walked here from a few blocks away around 12:45 PM on Thurday.  The place was dead and only had one table occupied.  I was greeted immediately and the woman asked me if it was my first time, I said yes and she went over the menu and their best sellers, also mentioned the 10% "discount" if you pay with cash or credit.  I give them 5 stars for customer service but the food is another story...Based on reviews I read online I ordered the orange chicken.  So I will say that out of all the orange chicken I have eaten this sauce was decent, it wasnt very sweet and didnt have that bitter orange peel taste that some sauces have, it also was pretty mild in general which I liked because some sauces are just way over powering.  The rice on the other hand tasted like dirt.  I love plain white rice and I dont know what they do to theirs or where they buy it from but its awful.Bottom line:  I wouldnt recommend this restaurant and I wont be going back.  I paid just over $10 dollars (with a drink) not at all worth it...
3	i have never had a proprietor express such surprise at a random walk-in customer. i'd swear nobody had been in for days."how did you find us?" as if the place was hidden up a dirt road rather than in downtown phoenix by the convention center.kooky.nice guy tho and good prices.
5	I love this cafe! Dined there three times and fantastic every time. Food is made to order, and hot. Clean place with nice decor and music. Unique teas and other beverages in the cooler. Great!
5	I love this place I have eaten here several times and the food is always fresh and this restaurant is very clean.  So far everything that I have tried has been excellent.  I hope they can stay in business as they never seem to be very busy.
3	Food was pretty good. Atmosphere nice. A fountain drink is like $2.50 so don't let the modest food price fool you. And the biggest complaint, they have the cheapest plastic silver wear you could possibly find. So annoying.
3	Solid Chinese joint serving up Chinese food.  Ok, by Chinese I mean very mild flavored Americanized Chinese food - but still.  Restaurant is pretty small and clean, never seems to be too busy.  Like I said the food is pretty mild but in a good way.  They do a good job of keeping things simple, white rice, some veggies, entree.  Just the right amount of sauce too so you can spread it around but not overwhelming.  Seems like they are trying to keep it relatively healthy at least it tastes a lot healthier to me compared to other Chinese style restaurants.
4	Used all my m and g dollars here last semester.  Very convenient. Fast good quality service, seems to be family owned. They are very cooperative always give me extra rice instead of the veggies. Best menu items are the same chicken and orange chicken. If u live in taylor place great alternative to dining hall food.
1	College student living in Taylor place, was hungry so I decided to grab a bite that was something other than the dining hall. 9$ for the orange chicken plate, a little pricey I thought, but it was M&G so I didn't really care. When I got back up to my room to eat, I was appalled by the amount of food I got, I'd maybe pay $7 at most for it. But I thought whatever, hopefully it tastes good. And I was appalled again, the chicken was bland and fairly tasteless, even drenched in sauce, the veggies were meh, and the rice seemed like it was made at 6 am this morning and it's 4:45 pm, mind you. Anyways, I don't recommend it personally, and I won't be going back.
2	Tried this place twice now, First time 3 weeks ago, and again last night.We ordered Sesame Chicken ($8.99), Orange Chicken ($8.99), and Cream Cheese Wantons ($3.99). 2 Egg Rolls ($2.50)The portions are really small. Extremely small for the price. The meals come with a large clump of overcooked plain white rice, vegetables in a sweet sauce (literally 5 paper thin carrot slices, 7 1/2" asparagus butt pieces, and 3 tiny broccoli heads), and a clump of small chicken pieces, 9 to be exact.All 3 items took up about 1/3 of a normal plate at best. Each dish seemed to be cooked sometime in the morning, and left to die in a warmer tray all day. Everything was overcooked by far. Chicken was hard and dried out. Rice was clumpy and old.The wantons were burnt. Egg Rolls were clearly from frozen and heated hours ago.The only good thing is they are within walking distance of ASU downtown campus, otherwise I assume they would be long closed by now.Also, their prices are much more than the yelp menu states, at least 20% more.Don't even bother trying to use the plastic forks. Bring your own. They are the thinnest and cheapest I have ever seen.Pass on this one.
5	Hsin Cafe is always amazing! For the (incredibly low) price you get really solid food, awesome sauces and always amazing and quick service. Their crispy dumplings and chicken teriyaki bowl are to die for and I highly recommend getting milk iced tea with boba! There are sooo many choices and the restaurant is always spotless! Not the most authentic honest place but for the price, you're gonna get a really solid meal.
4	Nice restaurant, food always comes out fast.  Restaurant is extremely clean, and service is great.
