2	I'm dating a Chinese dude, and we eat at some of the country's finest and most delicious Asian restaurants.  I feel pretty qualified to pass judgements on Chinese restaurants, especially with my main man by my side.  :)  That being said, I have definitely had better.  Now, a friend took me out to lunch here, so I'm not going to complain.  However, my honest feedback is that the lunch buffet is of pretty low quality ingredients and low to medium temperatures.  If you want your food hot, I'd such a later time of day perhaps.  I felt compelled to stick to the sushi after two failed plates full of fried, slightly cold food.  The sushi is a-ok.  :)  Hey, there aren't alot of options in East Mesa, so the price for even just the sushi makes it pretty darn affordable!
4	Great China   chinese restaurant and super buffet there is no the in the name.But there is some good food inside the place.the decor is average and are booth was comfy but well worn.The buffet had about 80 items ,about the super buffet requirement.They had a small sushi section and the sushi was very tasty.The wonton soup i had was very hot and good it had most of your typical trays with a couple of different twists on some like the stuffed clams were huge and and they had some good sole,that thet called snow fish?When i left this place i was stuffed and everything i ate was good.So yes Great China gets 4 stars.And for Norm R. they got the almond cookie packages
4	Mike C & I dropped in here for lunch today.  It's a mid-sized place is in pretty good shape, & had a very generous 94 food items out, if you count the various sushi choices, & not the condiments.  The sushi was excellent, by the way, as was my starter, Hot & Sour Soup.  A couple of other standout items were the stuffed clams & the delicious, non-greasy fried rice.  Everything else, including the service, was good, & it all made for a nice lunch!Lunch Buffet $7.29, $6.56 Sr.
4	It was a dark and stormy night here in the valley of the sun. Clouds were rolling in faster than the light rail on a summer day. Even with the rain falling it was as sticky out as a pan of rolls from Cinnabon. As for me I was sitting on my porch contemplating whether or not to take this special case. With my belly rumbling I really had no choice. So after deciding to move on with my investigation I got in my car and started to cruise down Southern Ave in the heart of East Mesa, I passed by all the local late night suspects hangouts. Wendy's- no thanks! KFC- Sorry Colonel but you have failed too many times in the heat of battle, and I was still a little scarred from my sub battle with the sandwich Nazi (read my subway review). Jack in the box and Mcdonalds looked open but I was in no mood to clown around. This hunger of mine was getting out of control and I was the only one that could stop it. Just when all hope seemed lost and I would have to make a run for the border ( taco bell) a light from heaven or a little neon sign (I forget which one) that read Great China Super Buffet came into view. Now anyone who knows me at all knows I hate all things buffet, but if I wanted to solve this case and get rid of my gut wrenching hunger I knew I had no choice. So I did what any good food detective does and went in. Wow what a huge place. It was the kind of place that promised a good time if you were willing to spend a little dough. Over 200 items all waiting to tempt your palate and tickle your taste buds. Several freshly made dishes gave off scents that made my mouth water and my throat close at the same time as i sucked each nostril full, hoping that maybe the different flavors would enter my mouth and turn into food if I held them captive long enough. No such luck! So after speaking to the nice waitress I was handed a menu (got takeout) and took my time to study my file (menu). I had dealt with this cast of characters before. There was the delicious yet seductive Lady Moo Shu. She is the kind of dish that excites your taste buds and leaves you stumbling all over yourself waiting for the next bite. Then there is the General, Tso is his name and he commands his army to march right through the middle of flavor town. His attacks are swift and his spicy flavor bombs will blow away all your hunger till nothing remains. Eager to solve this case and eat some delicious food I ordered and dashed home. Each bite of chicken was just like that little light had been, pure heaven! Even though I was eating a meal at home they had somehow managed to take all those great smells and create a meal that made me wish it was my last. Why? Because how can I ever go back to the old neighborhood place that serves food that looks like it came from the frozen section at your local grocery store? I can't, I won't go back! Bottom line is you don't have to be a food detective to know this place offers some of THE BEST Chinese food in the STATE case closed. Now lets eat!
1	I have had way better chinese food. Not fresh and bad stomach aches later at night. Sick- not overeating. Good walnut shrimp.
2	Made a visit on a Sunday where dinner is $10.50.  I was very disappointed in the food quality and variety at this price.  This buffet does not have a Mongolian grill station or sushi chef.  Most of the dishes were overly salted or overly bland, Americanized versions Chinese dishes.  I'm sure some people enjoy this kind of food as the restaurant was full.  The majority of customers were seniors...hmmmm...On the plus side, the service was good and I enjoyed the Chinese pop music they had playing in the background.  Not enough to make me eat here again though.
4	= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =Sadly, this nice buffet has closed.     :-(
4	= = = = = = OPEN! = = = = = =This place has reopened as a "China City Super Buffet", & it's good!     :-))http://www.yelp.com/biz/china-city-super-buffet-mesa-3
5	This is reopen and different owner ,different staff and different chef, they very friendly ,nice, helpfull , room clean, the restroom clean too,design  inside room different , so nice.nice room, they have 3 or 4 television. those name change "CHINA CITY BUFFET " almost all the  food is good, every night ,they have crab leg ,they have 4 item ice cream, mon - thurs $ 10,99 ,  week end $ 12,99 for dinner. for lunch $ 7,99. i like cooking,but  If i lazy for cooking,i and my hubby lunch or dinner those place, because near our house ( 3 mile).
4	Closed
