4	Lots of new new to me shops at Tivoli Village and this is one of them.  When I first walked by I wasn't sure what it was.  It appeared to be a high end salon at first but I saw dog dishes at the front and the wording on a t-shirt on a mannequin said sit. speak. chic. so figured check it out.  It is a salon but for dog grooming!  There were only employees present but the explained the concept, pricing, the treat bar, etc.  The prices seem very reasonable and I like that everything is out in the open.  The store is very clean.  They have a couple of pens where the dogs hang out before or after grooming and I like that because I am not a fan of cages.  They also don't do cage drying which is a plus for me.  They have some human attire for sale and grooming products, shampoos, conditioners, etc.  I left with treat samples and with three spoiled dogs at home I'm sure I will be back!
4	Beautiful setup with great facilities for grooming your pet, and the affordable treats are suberb!
5	There was only one reason for me to go to Tivoli Village until this store opened! Now both my favorite stores there are right next door to each other, Charming Charlie and Shaggy Chic!Shaggy Chic is such an adorable store! If you think your pooch is getting spoiled elsewhere, think again! Honestly where else could you get a blueberry facial for your dog?! (Definitely must try!)Prices are great and customer service was amazing. I love how comfortable the environment is, I felt like I was being treated as a friend rather than a paying customer.Both treats and salon products are so unique, things that I have not seen before. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.. &also think my dog loves me more since I started bringing her here lol.
5	What a wonderful new concept in grooming and caring for your dog.  Kir went right in and put her feet on the counter and asked for a treat and said here I am.  She loved it.  No manicures for her.  Prices are right.She can't wait to return.
5	I have officially found a great dog groomer in Vegas!! I have tried countless groomers in Vegas, and none have done the quality that Shaggy Chic did. My pup enjoyed a manicure, blueberry facial and a cut/wash. I had never been to Tivoli Village before, but I found a great Salon to get a pedicure at while I waited for my dog. I will definitely be taking her back for another grooming.
5	Fabulous grooming on my standard poodle.He has been groomed here several times. The owner has several standard poodles & when I saw one of them in the shop, I was wowed.Enough said....
1	This place is horrible!!! The groomers were so rude and unprofessional when I walked in. Then to top it off a groomer by the name of Allison chopped the hair on my dogs ear off. Did not even say anything to me about it until I got my dog home and noticed it. If she cut just a little more she would have cut the tip of his hair off. For 50$ and to be in Tivoli Village (nicer Las Vegas) it was not worth it! service grooming and groomers suck and the place it self is not even up to par. I would NOT recommend anyone to take there dog here. I only ranked it one star because I had to if it was up to me NO STARS.
1	I went to this place because I had a groupon. I gave this place one star because the only thing that was great was my puppies haircuts. The service was so horrible, I walked out POed. These people are rude and do not know the definition of customer service. Dropping off my puppies the groomer was extremely rude to my father. She was condescending.  Picking up my dog they did not greet me and literally threw my dog into my arms without saying anything. We paid what we owed and left without a thank you from them. It was as if I was dealing with mute robots. Eventually I decided to give them another chance and made a call the schedule appointment. Bad idea, the lady on the other line basically talked to me like I was incompetent and condescending again. I replied telling her that I don't appreciate the way she was talking to me. So explained to her multiple occasions of my experience with them and she accused me that maybe I was the one being rude. I was furious! I informed her I will no longer need their services and hung up. I feel like I was dealing with teenagers. If they could change their staff to more mature employees that were welcoming than I would go back other than that, beware of these  people.
1	This place is horrible!! They almost killed my teacup pom. If you value the life of your dog not to mention the way it looks STAY AWAY FROM HERE!!
5	I took my two dogs there today for the first time after hearing great things about Shaggy Chic.  The groomer did an amazing job and my little ones looked great. The owner was there when I dropped them off and she is absolutely lovely. I highly recommend this place!
5	Amazing. My dog, Morty, loved his experience. This is the first time Morty did not act up after being groomed. Booking appointment was very easy. During drop-off the owner had me fill out paperwork while asking important questions about who Morty is. Made me feel confident that the business understands that Morty is a member of the family, not just a pet. All the work is done out in the open. I spied from across the street and was impressed with how the groomer handled Morty. No aggressive movements used to get Morty in place. Lots of petting and conversation. No cage drying or loud tools. Also the place is very clean. Price was in line with other groomers. In the past, Morty has left other groomers high strung and panting. For a couple days after he would be "annoyed" . Morty left Shaggy Chic  calm and seemed not to be bothered at all by the experience. I highly recommend.Morty is a 50lb standard poodle .
5	My dog, Blitz, hates being groomed. The last place I took her to had her completely traumatized... when I walked her into Shaggy Chic she immediately started shaking (she's a 50lb Vizsla). The groomer immediately made both Blitz and I totally comfortable- when i came back to pick her up, she was comfortably sitting down- and seemed completely fine. I am so excited to have found a groomer who knows how to treat my dog- I will be back many more times for sure!
5	I have my dog on the monthly plan he's a mini poodle and gets dirty fast! This place has gotten his hair to grow and never get matted ally is the best groomer ever! She is so sweet and caring! I love this place he gets anxiety a lot so him being able to be in and out under an hour he loves! I also love how he always gets a bow tie :]
5	AWESOME! I used to take my dog here a lot but got really tired of the rude customer service, and the old groomers that would always say "they couldnt cut his face because he was a pain" so needless to say I was really hesitant (but desperate!) to try them again (nearly a year later.)   I am really glad I did though, the whole store has changed, the receptionist was extremely friendly and welcoming and really seemed to care about my little yorkie. Previously the receptionist and groomers were pretty condescending about how I would request to have Jack cut (shaved) not your typical yorkie cut. This time they were happy to do it, and I was insistent on his huge head being cut right now.  It took about an hour and a half , which for jack is REALLY quick. When I went to pick him up I was again greeted by everyone and the groomers were awesome and said Jack did really good, and how cute he looked, I was a bit skeptical still. When I saw him though I was so happy! Jack looks awesome, they cut him exactly how I needed and his large head was cut right down. They totally re-sold me on bringing jack back to Shaggy Chic and I was extremely happy with everything, I will be back definitly.
5	Amazing! I called the day before and there were a few different times available for the following day. I set up a 2PM appt and then the day of I had to run errands. So I called around 930AM to see if I could drop my baby off earlier. They said I could bring her in anytime I wanted. I dropped her off around 10 and she was so excited to be getting all the attention from the staff. They called me around 3PM to let me know she was ready. I picked her up around 430 and she was all clean and fresh and pampered. The groomer told me she had her nails clipped, ears and eyes cleaned, a blueberry facial, and a bath. She looked adorable in her little periwinkle colored satin bow. I went to pay and was shocked at how cheap it was for everything. Only 35.00! I will definately be back!
1	I LOVED this place when Aly Gillmore was the head stylist, she always groomed my Coton De Tulear's into their natural and beautiful coat. Without notifying me that Aly, left the girls were booked with Cindy.She tried to convince me that is best to keep shaved so they stay cooler in the summer months, dispite my vet and Aly Gillmore taught me the exact opposite, as they need their hair for protection from the sun also more importantly works as natural cooling system for them!!!  This concept best and easiest for groomer, and shows little knowledge about what's healthiest for the dog. . This place was BOMB until they lost Aly Gillmore to A Happy Dog Wash!!
5	They always do an amazing job on my cockapoo. I especially love the little bows and clips they put in her hair and how shiny and silky she is when done. My dog is anxious by nature and they do a fantastic job keeping her calm.
