4	I used to work by Swaddee's, and I really enjoyed the food.  My first visit was at the urging of a lot of my colleagues at work, and I was hooked from that point on!  I was really addicted to the various curries there (red being my favorite).  I thought the red curry had the most heat and the best balance among sweet, savory, and heat.  I also really enjoyed the chicken & cabbage soup that came with the entree.Over my many visits, I never had a bad meal.  I was always able to get in and out within an hour, and the prices are quite good for the quality of the food.If you have never had one, be sure to try the Thai Iced Tea.
2	I swung by last Saturday night to order some take-out for dinner. I used to live right by the Swaddee down on Ray Rd. which I loved so I was really happy to find one up in my new neighborhood. But I was sadly dissapointed with the quality of the food. The pad thai was mushy like it had been sitting there for hours, and 1/2 the size of the Chandler location's version. They totally skimped on the shrimp, too, leaving me with a mere three peices to savor. The Panang curry was loaded with onions and the beef was seriously chewy. These two items are what I always ordered down at the Chandler store, so I can tell when something's off. But beyond being "off", they were just poorly cooked.  I gave it two stars instead of one, though, as it couldn't be classified as a "horrible" experience and the people there were nice, too, so I'm obliged to give them credit.Unfortunately, I'm now in search of a new Thai place to call my local "fave" :(
1	Is there really no great Thai in Scottsdale?  After a disappointing visit to Malee's on Main last year, I decided to try Swaddee Thai on this visit to Scottsdale.  The restaurant is casual but clean and decorated nicely, but the service is unfriendly and the food is just OK.  I ordered veggie spring rolls, which appeared to be raw on the menu but arrived deep fried.  For my entree I ordered a yellow curry chicken.  The curry sauce was thin and watery... not at all like the thicker sauce I'm used to.It wasn't bad, I just wasn't impressed.
3	Swaddee is great for lunch and very affordable, I have frequented the establishment with co-workers and on numerous occasions we have done take out. While the food is nothing spectacular it has been proven to be consistent and at least above average with portion sizes (at lunch at least) that were more than adequate. The service has always been prompt and friendly as well. I really favor the red curry as it has a tolerable amount of heat without sacrificing flavor. I was originally surprised by the watery consistency of the curry but I warmed to the difference in light of the flavor and portion size.
3	OK for lunch specials but a little pricey for entrees.Their food is decent.  I've never had a bad experience here.  After spending time in Thailand I feel I may have ruined it for myself trying to find good Thai in Arizona.  I like their fried rice dishes, but if you don't get the lunch special they will run you about $11, which, IMO, is steep.  $7.95 will get you soup / salad and an entree of choice for lunch.
4	I love Swaddee. I always get the broccoli on wok with beef and my husband enjoys the cashew chicken. I think the prices are reasonable and you get a lot of food.
4	Very fresh, good quality, tasty, and authentic Thai food. Tom kha gai, pad thai, and panang chicken were all great. Nothing was so much better than what I've had at Malee's, Thai Rama, Thai Elephant, Thai Hut, etc., but nothing was worse, either. Service was very good. Atmosphere is sort of tacky generic Asian. Overall, nothing worth making a special trip for, but a very good neighborhood Thai restaurant for those who live in this area.
4	not sure what everyone else has been eating but... i think swaddee is great. food is well spiced and you can actually taste the flavors which is a big plus. The tom ka gai soup is amazing + all of the curries are flavorful and yummy. to top it all off they have pretty good lunch specials. i dont think you can go wrong if you eat here so check it out.
4	My experience with Thai food has been so consistent that if I were to to rate every dish I've ever had, the bell curve would be as thin as a bamboo shoot.  I don't know what it is but I've never been disappointed with any Thai dish or restaurant that I've eaten at.Swaddee is no exception.  Everything there is very good.  Maybe a tad better than most of the competition.
4	So nummy. I usually get a lunch special when I go (pad thai, curry or garlic chicken), because it's convenient, but today I decided to get the spicy eggplant (Makur Yao). YUM!!!!  It was absolutely perfectly cooked (soft eggplant makes a happy Tyger) (although the portion was way too big for lunch, but lucky ducky me, I have a refrigerator and think it will be delicious for lunch tomorrow too).  My friend ordered the green curry (for her SECOND time! It's a RECORD! *the crowd goes wild*) and she loved it just as much this time as she did the first time. Not to mention they are very speedy, which is a lunch-time miracle for the person who tries to do four different things within her 60-minute mid-day break. I even had time to get an iced coffee from 'bucks. Yay! (Yes, this is evidence of my post-venti triple shot cinnamon dolce on ice) Zzzzzip! Wibble! BOING! (I need to calm down). :) YUMMY EGGPLANT!
4	No Mystery.. it's Thai! We have added this to our "lunch place rotation" at work! Rolls up every week ... I've been here 4 or 5 times and it's always very very good. We have a small group--which means I've seen most of the menu. So far SOOOO good! Calm, clean atmosphere with fast service even at lunch rush. The water glasses are always full... that helps when you order "Thai Hot". Enjoy!
5	If you are looking for a Thai place in the Phoenix metro area, you've found it. When I first moved to Phoenix, I discovered the Swaddee Thai location in Chandler. A few years later, I moved to N Phoenix, and I was thankful to find that there was another Swaddee Thai close to me!My favorite things on the menu are tofu coconut princess and Tom Ka, a coconut milk / mushroom soup. I love the amount of vegetarian options; you even get a choice of soft or fried tofu!The service here is fast, the food is fantastic, and this is a great place to seek out for a delicious lunch or dinner.
2	Nice decor.  The food would get a pass if it wasn't so over priced.  The spicy noodles were rubbery (not fresh)  We ordered it Hot and had to add 4 tablespoons full of red peppers.  The panang was watery and also, not as spicy as requested.  The Service was adequate.  This will be the first and last trip to Swaddee.There are many other Thai places that serve better food at much more reasonable prices.
3	This little restaurant is in a strip mall and not very noticeable.  However, I was at my insurance agents office, and was looking for something for a late lunch.  Although it was later than a normal lunch, I thought I would see if they would still honor their luncheon specials - which they did.  I kind of caught them at a bad time, as the staff were actually eating, and I was the only one in the restaurant. But they were very pleasant, and attentive even though they were also trying to eat.The interior is rather spartan, but tastefully decorated.  It really appears to be more directed to a lunch clientele than dinner/late night place.I tried the green curry lunch special, and it was very good.  While I ate, I had a chance to look at the regular menu, and it was the usual Thai menu.  I did notice that it was a little more expensive than some Thai restaurants I have been to, but not so much so that it would keep me from coming back.  The one advantage is that it is close, and if I am hungry for Thai take-out, this will be the place I go.
4	Swaddee is my favorite Thai restaurant in the area.  It's pleasantly upscale without being pretentious, and I've liked almost everything I've ordered over several years of patronage.  If you want something special, try the Coconut Paradise, seafood in a young coconut--my favorite.  I also love the curries, with shrimp or chicken (but skip the duck) and pad thai.  When they have it, the mango and sticky rice dessert is very nice, but pass on the fried bananas.  I occasionally feel like I'm not on the same wavelength with the Thai staff, but have never found anyone to be rude or inattentive, in fact they make every effort to please.
5	A fantastic dinner.  The spicy noodles with shrimp was simply excellent.  The shrimp itself was especially tasty.First class service.A great restaurant tucked into a strip mall.
5	Great atmosphere. Excellent pad Thai. Very authentic menu
2	I had really high expectations after I read the reviews. We ordered the combo appetizer platter and were underwhelmed. The eggroll consisted of bland, greasy cabbage and no meat. The wonton was dried out and the filling was a little dollop of what looked to be sweet potato. The satay was rubbery and inedible and if I had never had Thai toast before, Swaddee's Thai would ensure that I would never order it again. We had higher hopes for the entrees and again we were disappointed. My boyfriend ordered the Yellow Curry and I ordered the Pad Thai. We both asked for medium hot. What he received was a watery curry flavored soup with no heat. I got a plate full of watered down noodles that tasted like they came from a box with a flavor packet that you add on later. I hate writing critical reviews but this was truly one of the most mediocre Thai restaurants I have ever been to.
2	I have been to the Swaddee in Chandler and know they do phenomenal sauces and pretty good food so, I was really looking forward to experience Swaddee in Scottsdale.  I had the exact same dish I get at their Chandler location - the red curry.  The sauce was meh, not so much.  Unfortunately the food definitely did not measure up and I think there are much better Thai places in the Valley.
4	My first Thai restaurant and still my go-to place. Tom ka soup, pineapple shrimp or coconut princess with tofu (both red curries) & rice pudding dessert are so good, I'm having trouble trying other dishes! They're conservative with the heat level, so I get extra heat on the side. Small, casual, reasonably priced & the decor is a hoot: it looks like Thailand exploded in there.
2	Mediocre, forgettable experience. We ordered pineapple fried rice, pad thai and something else I can't recall. One note flavor in all the dishes. I've had better Thai in a mall food court.
3	If you must eat Thai food and aren't looking to make an experience out of it...go for it. An OK joint, that has the standard Thai menu but nothing really on it to make you come back again. Again...nothing wrong with the place, just that I would have gone to a Taco Bell or a Panda Express instead as well.
4	Nice little local hole in the wall authentic Thai restaurant. Good lunch specials that run around $7.95 to $9.95. Our waitress was a total sweetheart too. I recommend the Pad Se Iew, the Thai Iced Tea, and any of the fried rice dishes. Tip -don't ask them to make your dish "spicy" unless you can take it because they are not messing around with their chile!
4	Lived in scottsdale for a long time and this is the best Thai food that I've had in Scottsdale.  The owner and staff were extremely welcoming.  Can't wait to go back.
4	Changed name to Cha Da Thai.... same great food
4	Great little Thai place. My favorite is the yellow curry with chicken! Love it so much that I ordered it two days in a row for lunch.
