4	This location has great tasting Pizza. It always is consistant and fresh.  The only issue is the have the worst customer service over the phone. I call often for carry out and some times just want to hang up; however when you walk into the Pizza Shop everyone is always so friendly. This location always makes my Pizza just right. So I bypass the one negative thing. They offer a $4.99 carry-out special for a Medium Pizza. You can not beat that it is cheaper than the frozen Pizza's at the grocery store. I can give them a pat on the back. I have been eating at this location for years and it is always VERY clean.
4	After maybe a four year absence, I was pleasantly surprised that Papa still had my name and address tied to my phone number. That made ordering easy as..well," pie".  Carina was efficient and friendly.What I wasn't pleased about was that their pickup counter closed 40 minutes earlier than the advertised time. I was getting a smokin' deal on 2 large "Works" versions at the Monday Madness price of $8.99 each and my mindset had me very happy to cop 2 large for under $20, w/ tax. That I was forced to accept delivery over pickup skewed my "value" calculation by a hair over 20% which was a bit of a buzz-kill, but I was committed, and not about to stiff the driver on the issue. I just wish their website included an "hours may vary" disclaimer.That said, I really, really like their pizzas. While theirs isn't the same as those made by real Italian moms and pops, and personal taste is always subjective, their offerings have always far exceeded my expectations, especially from a chain operation. I even sprinkled the supplied spice packet (not at all common for me) liberally, which was a surprise flavor upgrade.Yeah, I know that my previous business, in part, enabled John Schnatter to become a multi-millionaire, and allowed him to grossly overpay to re-purchase the ugly, non-classic,  Camaro of his youth that he's so proud of, but hey, the pizza works for me. Rock On, Pops.
3	I always get consistently good pizza and service from this location.  I order once a month or so and really enjoy this convenient treat.  I reccomend a pizza with pepperoni, yellow peppers, and pineapple.  Delicious.
4	We were staying at a local hotel and used online ordering to feed our crew.  The ordering went smoothly and the pleasant surprise was the food arrived early and warm.  We ordered two of their usual pizzas and one of our custom orders.  Could have had a few more toppings on one of them, but overall nice value and timely service with warm food.  We looked for the specials on-line and save a few dollars.  Worth the time to do so.  Would order again.
5	I have to leave a review for this location because of Anthony, the general manager. I had a company meeting and at the last minute, everyone wanted pizza. I called and spoke to him about all the things I can and can't have on the pizza, plus not being able to make up my mind on whether we should have regular soda or diet soda. Anyway, he sat on the phone patiently and took the order... which felt like a full 30 minutes of me debating with myself.THEN, I call him back frantic because I didn't have cups for the meeting... and he went to the Walgreens next door and picked me up a bag of cups (at no extra charge). I couldn't believe he went above and beyond that way. The pizza got there at the scheduled time I asked for, along with my cups, and everyone loved their pizza. We'll be ordering from this location a lot now... thank you Anthony!
3	Let me first start by saying that the online ordering was super easy. I was able to order during a conference and it was delivered right on time for lunch. The pizza tasted amazing although it looked like it was cut by Helen Keller. 5 stars for pizza taste. Where it was not so good was the preparedness of the delivery driver. When you deliver to a hotel, bring plates and napkins! You're killing me, smalls! 1 star for delivery. I still gave you a good tip because I knew that I was gonna blast you on here. You know who you are! Get your stuff together.
