5	Feeling like I needed a color change, I scheduled an appointment here with Shaya (through reference of a friend). I had never been to Altered Ego before today and I must say, it is absolutely adorable. The salon is decorated to have a very home-y, rustic feel, and the employees are all super friendly. I didn't know what exact color I was looking for, so Shaya was extremely helpful in explaining my different options. I decided on a rich, dark copper brown...it turned out beautifully. I will most definitely be visiting Shaya again. The price was extremely affordable and the service was beyond excellent. I recommend it to everyone!
5	I recently moved to Tempe and decided to pop into Altered Ego Salon to get my eyebrows waxed.  They set me up with Rebecca who did a great job.  I was also happy they had time for a walk-in.A few weeks later I made a hair appointment with Rebecca and got the best haircut I had in years.  When I got there she sat me down and asked me what I wanted.  My hair is shoulder length and I asked for as many layers as possible.  I was then taken to the sink for shampoo and conditioner.  During the conditioner she massaged my head which felt extremely nice.  During the cut she spent a lot of time making sure my hair was layered everywhere.Overall it was a wonderful experience and I will definitely go back there again.  I appreciated how the salon was pretty quiet.  It made the experience relaxing.There is a really cute coffee shop attached called Solo, which I also recommend.
5	I have been visiting Altered Ego Salon & Spa for my nails, hair, eyebrows as long as I've lived in the area. I found it on a whim and decided to walk in and check the place out. This is also how I found my second home, Solo Cafe, which is attached. I have never been disappointed by any of the services I have had done. Altered Ego's atmosphere makes you instantly comfortable. The decor is gorgeous throughout the entire establishment. The staff is very friendly and always makes sure you are satisfied. The front of the store has a boutique area with unique clothing and handmade jewelry and accessories. I have bought a few dresses from them and they have ended up being my favorites and reasonably priced.Danielle does my eyebrows and she's fantastic. The waxing/skin care room is so relaxing. The table is extremely comfortable and the low lighting is perfect. She's very attentive and makes sure everything is done exactly as I'd like and that I won't have a reaction to anything she uses. Tiffany has done my nails on several occasions. She's very precise and does several types including gel wraps. Additionally, she does nail art. Having a paraffin wax done at the same time is a fantastic bonus. If you've never had a paraffin wax, you are definitely missing out. Go . Have. One. Now.Last but not least in any way is Laura who does my hair. How fantastic is she. I think I scared her the first time I came in and asked for violet and blond, but I really expect this to happen everywhere I go. I tend to go a little overboard with my hair (especially with coloring) and I expect for salons to expect normal customers. I appreciate this though, as she truly made sure it was what I wanted before she made such a drastic change to my hair. Now, not much surprises her with me, and sometimes she even suggests something more drastic than I am thinking. I love that she has gotten to know me and can remember my likes and dislikes and assist me in making the best decision as to what will look good on me. I am not a hair stylist and it's that help that I value the most.All in all this place is fabulous and you won't be disappointed. If you need any more convincing, I've ordered coffee from Solo.  From my salon chair.
5	After having a pampering day, I feel compelled to update my review to include the new awesome I have experienced. In addition to brow waxing, Danielle's facials are amazing. I recently came back from a 4 month trip that was camping for the most part and she did wonders to help revitalize my face and take away any damage the setting had done. She asked me questions to help determine what the best procedure was for me and made the entire session relaxing and comfortable. This will certainly not be my last facial. Tiffany was very patient when it came to my return pedicure. After four months of hiking boots and socks ALL. THE. TIME. .. well except for the shower when I got to wear wonderful flip flops, my feet were a pure disaster zone. I will spare you the horrid detail. It was bad. I was actually a little embarrassed, even though I knew it was typical. I walked out of there a million times better! Finally, I came back surprised to find my stylist had left, and scheduled an appointment with Ashley, whom I was told would not be afraid of my sometimes interesting hair decisions. She was fantastic!! Rather than try to reign me in, she helped set me free and even showed me a natural vegan product line to help put the natural curl in my hair. Everything she did was pure magic and I would recommend her in a heartbeat. I am totally in love with my hair!
5	After reading all these great reviews, I decided to check out Altered Ego and use their new client offer - pay for a color and get a haircut free.   I now have a new place to go for my hair.When I called to book my appointment, the receptionist was very polite and helpful.  She booked me for a cut and color with Amor.Amor is awesome.  She took the time to make sure my cut and color were exactly what I wanted.  I love my new hair style and will definitely go back.
5	Was recommended this salon through a friend.  Tawni, the owner, is a creative genius!  All I had to do was describe my vision to her, she made some creative adjustments and recommendations, and and BAM!  I looked amazing!  She is definitly not afraid of color, and will make you look great, no matter what!
5	GREAT SALON! I was looking for a fresh new haircut and one the the stylist, Tyler Colman, helped me out with the exact look I was going for. Ask for Tyler, he is a super hip guy that knows about the latest styles and is very experienced.
4	I went here yesterday after reading the other reviews here.  I am new to the area, and did not know where to do.  After having a  terrible highlight and color at the last salon I was afraid to try someplace new again.  I had a highlight/ color and cut with Lori.  She was so nice from the moment I walked in.  She took the time to talk to me, and ask what I was looking for.  She knew good questions to ask so that she would fully understand what I was looking for.  Since my last color was terrible,  the process took longer than normal, but Lori made my hair look beautiful!  She was really nice and got my color and cut perfect!  I did get the new client free haircut with color, so the price was reasonable, actually less than I expected for the amount of time!  I highly recommend Lori and the entire salon!
5	This is a great local place to get anything done.I was really nervous about going blonde because I'm a natural brunette and my hair is picky. But Hayley put me at ease and assured me it would look great, and it did! The atmosphere is amazing, and everyone is so nice. My friend and I were offered free muffins and drinks and felt completely comfortable. They even own a cafe and botique next door! This place is awesome, and worth every penny.
5	So, I have been here twice now, and both times I have had a wonderful experience with walking out of there confident that my hair feels and looks as great as the way I was picturing it. Amor, my stylist, took the time to listen, and also added her own take to the haircut, with my permission of course. I have paid a lot of money elsewhere, and still have walked out with disappointment . Not here! I look forward to my nest haircut with Amor. :)
5	I went here to get a spray tan for my company holiday party.  I have a medium skin tone but my summer tan was totally gone and I didn't want look be pasty in my cocktail dress.  I had done this totally wack spray tan from a tanning salon years ago and it ended up being a nightmare.  This time I couldn't mess around and knew I had to get it done by a professional.  I was not disappointed.  This is a really nice salon.... trendy and clean inside.  As I waited for my tan I was bummed that I wasn't getting my hair done as well.  Everyone sitting in a chair had cool color and cuts going on; I couldn't help but be jealous.  My appointment was with Danielle.  She gave me run down on what to expect as far as the tan and how to care for my skin to achieve maximum results.  She mentioned that she had been doing this for 7 years, and I could tell, she was really professional and knowledgeable.  The tan came out great.  No streaking at all, Danielle did an amazing job.  I didn't look like an umpa lumpa either, it was all very natural and I got a lot of compliments.  It's been 5 days and it still looks great.
5	I received my first haircut here as a curly girl!  Terri cut my hair, using the Deva technique ( wedge cut).  Of course I was a bit nervous at first--but after having a short consultation with her before having my hair cut I was totally comfortable.  I loved the results and she even told me to come back if I had any straggly ends.  I love everything about this salon, everyone is friendly, unlike some salons, where you walk in and the shop goes completely silent. LOL.  The owner is awesome too!THANKS TERRI!
5	This is my absolute favorite spot for all things beauty! I go to Matthew for my color and he's fantastic. Danielle is the best with spray tans and body waxing. She's is so professional and really puts you at ease. The ambiance is comfortable, relaxing, and everyone is so welcoming. I've recommended lots of friends to this salon and I'll continue to visit Altered Ego for years to come.
5	After reading amazing reviews, I came to Altered Ego for a cut and color. Morgan did a fantastic job! I plan to keep going!
5	After my hair stylist moved, I was wary of finding another good one.  I found great reviews on Altered Ego and decided to take a chance...Not only is this salon super cute in decorations, but it is family owned and well-established. My stylist knew how to help me and did a great job on my cut and color. When I went back a second time, my stylist and the person at the front desk gave me knowledgeable recommendations  on quality products to use.I found a winner in Altered Ego!
5	Unfortunately, my hair stylist from hair pollution, Darcy, moved up to north Scottsdale and this would have been too much of the commute for me so i had to start looking for a new place and stylist. This place is absolutely awesome, the staff is super friendly and were kind enough to accommodate my sister who just needed her ends trimmed, oh and the stylist didn't even charge her for it! Anyways, they took me in right away and my hair stylist Rebecca is this cute brunette with long locks and I have long hair so I was very comfortable with her cutting my hair. She washed, cut, and styled my hair in 45 minutes and my hair looked fabulous and healthy oh and the price wasn't bad to boot! This is my new place!
5	A co worker who knew I was looking for a stylist to help with my upcoming wedding recommend this salon so I went to have a shampoo style. Shaya did a great job and was super sweet!  I went back with my veil to see what they could do. Tawni amazed me with her ideas, using her tablet to bring up live pictures certainly facilitated a wonderful discussion and I LOVED what she did with my hair and will certainly use her for my big day!  Thank you!
5	So I was on that never fun quest to find a new hair salon after a bad experience at E's Urban Hair where I previously had gone for haircuts. I browsed on Yelp, and decided on this salon based on reviews and the close proximity to home. After the lovely people at E's mis-scheduled my appointments TWO times, I was on my third haircut attempt for the week and was hoping for a decent outcome.Rebecca did a really great job! She really listened to what I wanted and I really liked how it came out. I asked for my hair to be texturized, expecially in the crown and it came out great. When I got to work, I received so many compliments from my coworkers. One of my coworkers even took her info down and was going to try to book an appointment this weekend!The salon is super cute inside. It has this calm, earthy, organic  feel to it. If that makes sense. lol. And my haircut was only $45, too!!!
5	I've been coming here for about 8 years and I don't trust anyone else to do my hair!! Every time I've ever had anyone else touch my hair  I've been completely unhappy.  I'm VERY particular.  And every time I've gotten my hair done at Altered Ego, I leave happy!  The salon is beautiful and relaxing... I love coming here!!!
5	We are returnees to Arizona but previously lived in the West Valley so I was hating the idea of finding a new hair stylist. Luckily, my daughter has been seeing Amor at Altered Ego for her hair and she suggestedthat I schedule an appointment with Amor also. So glad I took her recommendation. This is a wonderful salon, Amor is very sweet and easygoing. Amor is outstanding in her skills, she knows exactly what you want and what will look good for with your hair. Amor did a beautiful cut and color on my hair at my first appointment with her. The prices were reasonable as well. The salon is very relaxing and the staff is friendly. I am so happy to have found my new stylist on my daughter's recommendation here in Tempe. Thanks Altered Ego and Amor for a great day!!
5	In the 2+ years I've been getting my hair cut at Altered Ego, I've seen 3 different stylists, and all of them were great. The salon is friendly, fun, full of talented people and always has good music playing. My most recent stylist just moved, but since I can walk here from my house, I'm staying, and I'm sure I'll be happy with whomever I go to next. The on-site childcare room will be great too, now that I have a babe in tow almost everywhere I go.
5	I'm so totally on board. Very cool place - so welcoming - and in the 'hood no less!!! I took a shot because I wanted spray tan and an edgier cut. Got both and left happy, bank account intact!! In a world where once upon a time, I paid Frederic Fekkai an INSANE amount of money to do a mediocre job on my hair. I was so  pleased that Kenton not only listened but delivered a great cut - exactly what I wanted and I love it. And he's a peach - total sweetheart; although I gotta say, everyone I came in contact with here was very kind. Spray tan was discounted for me as a first timer there and it was done well. Not over the top color but enough to say weekend at the beach. It was all good. Humble thanks to the Yelpers who have gone before; yet again it landed me in a good spot.
5	I'm super picky about who does my hair. But since I discovered Paige, at Altered Ego, I'M HOOKED. I will never, ever cheat on her. She's my girl.Every time I go in for a color or a cut, I tell her that it was 'THE BEST HAIRCUT EVER'.  So, it just gets better each time.I have already referred 4 of my friends and family to her and they have the same response. They're all sticking with her.Honestly, I think she may be the best in Arizona. THE BEST.MOM's and DAD's! They have a childcare area. I thought it might be weird the first time I went, but it's actually very safe, clean and stress-free. My son had the best time.
5	I've been going to Altered Ego for 5+ years now and cannot say enough good things about the place, especially Terri who does my color/cut each time.  It's a great salon and Terri makes my hair look great.  Ask for her!They are a full salon with tanning, nails and even a daycare for kids while the parent(s) get beautiful.  They are attached to a coffee shop next door and so you can order a coffee and they'll even deliver it over to you at your hair station.Altered Ego has great staff and I recommend it!
5	I am visiting from out of state and decided to get my hair cut.  I read the reviews on Yelp and made the decision to go there based on what everyone said.  Wow!  I am glad I found this place!  I made an appointment and was scheduled with Kenton.  He did an outstanding job.  He took what was basically long and shapeless hair and made it into something that looked great.  When I got back to the hotel my husband flipped saying how good it looks.  I can tell you compliments don't come easily from him, so when he said it was good I knew it was great . All he can keep saying is how good it looks.  I would definitely recommend Kenton and Altered Ego to anyone.  My only regret is that I live eight hours away and can't come back.
5	Thanks yelpers, you were right on target! I followed the countless accolades for Kenton and went in Sat afternoon to get just a cut and dry. I'm super picky, and really don't like fu-fu or pretentious salons, this place was great. It was pretty busy on a Sat., but the cut and personable attention to exactly what I wanted was perfect. Kenton was great, he asked questions and gave me exactly what I wanted. Plus, he was down to earth and real, nice change for a salon ;-)I have long thick hair, so is easy to tell if someone screws up, but he did a great job, and he even fixed my bangs (that I ineffectively tried to do the week before ;-) Will definitely go back.
5	I absolutely love this place! I have never been happier with my hair than when Ashley has done it for me. I am a stylist's worst nightmare because every time I walk in I have no idea what I want or how to articulate it and every single time Ashley has deciphered what I was trying to say and given me a beautiful cut or color or whatever I have wanted. I cannot say it enough, but I could never have anyone else do my hair any longer. She is the best!I am getting my hair and makeup done for me and my whole wedding party soon and I am so happy that I am doing it here. The overall vibe of this salon is just so comfortable and I really enjoy going here.They also have this great little play area for kids to go to while you get your hair done and they do kiddos hair too. So, I am going to schedule a Mommy-Daughter salon day with my little girl and spend some great girl time there.I can't say enough about how wonderful this place is. Check it out!
5	I think I'm in love. Is it too soon to say it?...Terri was referred by a close friend and I couldn't be happier with my JET BLACK hair (which I would have never considered in my life before). My hair was extremely damaged from the Coppola Keratin Treatment I got 3 months ago at another salon, and Terri not only revived it, but elevated the color and texture beyond my wildest dreams. I think I may have asked Terri to move in to my house at some point. I don't know, I blacked out with joy. I highly recommend her to ANYONE. Her skills are sharp, she doesn't mind staying late to help a girl in need and she is an absolute joy to spend 2 hours with. Thank you Terri!!! (and thank you Tara for recommending her!)
5	I just moved out here from California and I had been seeing the same hair stylist for years. I was nervous about trying to find someone out here to do my hair. I listened to reviews from yelp and decided to check it out. I saw Kenton and got a free cut with my color. He did a great job and is definitely a perfectionist. It took a little longer than I'm used to, but in the end I loved it so it was worth it. I just need to make sure to leave more time for the appointment. Everyone was nice and friendly and the salon was nice and clean.
4	Oh, Altered Ego Salon & Spa, I'm sure you deserve more than 4 stars! But I can't say too much about this place (yet) since I *just* got my hair cut there. First, let me preface by saying I have a high expectations for salons. A salon is a place where you can relax, dust off your dirt and 'clean up'. Personally, a salon is a luxury, and in the end, should feel luxurious. The decor: Altered Ego's decor is fantastic! Classy, rustic, and dare I say, homey? It's got a very relaxed feel to it, and each work station had its own little rustic dresser of... brushes, bobby pins, styling tools and more! It's definitely a cute place.O.K., so I must admit I don't get my hair cut often... maybe twice a year. I came into Altered Ego on a whim (I made a reservation of course) because I needed a change. And a change I got! I got Matthew and he cut about 4-ish inches off my hair. How short is my hair now? Short. But he cut my it very well, and the layers really frame my round and sometimes awkward face pretty nicely. I think my face actually looks a little sharper now! Overall, I'm pleased with my hair and the price wasn't bad either (I've had a more expensive cut and it was about the same, if not worse.) To top it off, Matthew actually talked about interesting things, and didn't talk too much, which is very important. Granted, "interesting" is relative, but I enjoyed discussing theatre and broadway shows with him. :-)So, was it luxurious? Yes, in a cutesy way. Was it relaxing? Yes. Did I clean up well? Definitely.
4	I am very pleased with the result of my trip to Altered Ego. Unfortunately, I had to wait about 25 minutes after my appointment time to see the stylist, so the place doesn't get 5 stars. Not sure what was going on there, but I think they just overbooked her, so I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt this time.Anyway, once I got to the chair, Amor asked what I had in mind, and I gave her the basics: a trim, and more layers. She gave her ideas, and I basically said "go for it!" After a lovely scalp massage and wash, she got down to it. After she cut my hair, it felt so light! I still can't believe how she managed to make my long hair so bouncy. She styled my hair and gave me some suggestions for low-maintenance ways to make my hair more exciting at home. Overall, I would definitely go back. It was definitely worth the price!
5	After much stylist turmoil and almost a year without a haircut because I was in denial I came to yelp and found Altered Ego.  It's close to my house and had great reviews.  I booked an appointment with Marla and went in for a much shorter cut.  She took her time and made sure it was what I wanted.  Several hours after my appointment I realized that I just didn't like it.  For the first time in my life I called and asked if I could come back to have some adjustments made.  Marla made time the same day and gave the cut more "wow" and an edgier flare.  She followed up with me TWICE to make sure I still liked it.  The final product was fabulous and I have received many compliments on my new "do".  I will be returning for furture cuts!
5	This a long overdue review!! I absolutely love this place.I went here for years and every time I come to Arizona I can't help but make an appointment.  When I lived in Tempe, I would get my hair done (highlights and cut/styled) by Ashley and eyebrows done by Danielle.  I got to know them pretty well and miss them. They are both amazing!Every time I walked out of there, I felt like a star.They definitely pampered you and made sure you were very pleased with their services.The ambiance is great and overall just a pleasing experience :)
5	I am an Arizona transplant from Southern California. I have VERY thick & curly hair, and it is hard for me to find someone who can work with my hair & do a great job. So when we moved out here I had no clue who to go to. I tried one place & i asked them if they knew how to cut my kind of hair. Of course they said yes, but they completely chopped it. I ended up going back to Cali to visit my family & had my old stylist fix it. I then waited almost a year before i let someone touch my hair again. Then someone at my office told me about this great salon down the street from us & told me to ask for Tawnie. i was very scared of another botched haircut, but she listened to what i wanted & i came out with the best haircut i have had i a very long time. Tawnie washes & cuts my hair & then straitens it to make sure it is all even & then textures it for me. We even thin it every few times (something that i have run away from in the past b/c if done wrong will make my hair fro out like a bad clown wig) and it always turns out great. The fact that she blows it dry & styles it is great b/c i have a lot of hair & it takes a while to dry. She always shows me the best new products for my hair so I can easily style it at home too, which is no small feat, I have been going here for 4 years now & i will keep coming back as long as i still live here. Thank you Tawnie for taking great care of my hair for me!
5	For 22 years, I have tried to hide my naturally (very!) curly hair. I would spend hours straightening it daily... hours! I desperately wanted to fit in and have the beautiful silky hair you see on every magazine cover. About two months ago, I just threw up my hands and said, "Screw it!" Two months later, I am now a very proud curly girl, and I have felt so much freedom from allowing myself to finally be me.My mother is a hair stylist and has been doing my hair for many years at no cost to me. She is fabulous at what she does and has worked at some top notch salons. However, she is not as experienced with naturally curly hair as I'd like my stylist to be. I decided to search for a hair stylist with training in how to specially cut hair for a girl like me. I looked at a list of Deva Curl trained stylists, and up popped Terri. The moment I entered her seat, I felt like a celebrity. She, along with several other stylists, rushed over and oohed and aahhhed at my hair. Mind you, my curly hair has always been something to hide, but here... well, I felt like a star! I am well researched in how to take care of my curls, but even so, Terri had excellent ideas and tips for me (which I have been using!). Her and her assistant treated me so well and I could tell they knew exactly what they were doing. Other stylists in the salon also came over and told me how much they loved my hair... what a great feeling! I walked out feeling confident and more in love with my curls than ever. Not to mention Terri did a superb job! Can't wait to go back in a few weeks!
3	I want to these place to get my eyebrows waxed based on the good reviews.  I went on a Saturday morning and it was PACKED.  However, I was told this place is almost always packed by the employee.  I had to wait t bit past my appointment time.  The service was good and reasonably priced.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place been coming here for about 2 years now for spray tanning, hair and waxing Tawny is the best
5	This place is THE best hair salon in the valley. I am from CA and I never thought I would find any place up to par....until I found Altered Ego. They have the best service and quality color/cut. I have been to multiple stylists at A.E. and they always had me feeling satified with my results. I moved to Scottsdale and have tried several salons in Old Town and North Scottsdale when Altered Ego was booked...I regret it. Next time I am definitely waiting for an appointment at Altered Ego. I have my sister and girlfriends going here and have never had anyone come home crying or disappointed...they actually come out big headed and confident (which is how you are supposed feel leaving a salon).
5	My fiance (who has extra-long, curly hair) got his hair cut by Paige at Altered Ego a few months ago. He loved it and kept telling me to make an appointment with her. I've had some awful experiences with my hair so I always put off getting it cut in fear it will just get screwed up again. I finally decided to get my hair cut because the ends were starting to disintegrate... I'm so glad I did: BEST HAIRCUT IN YEARS!I have finally found a stylist that I will be returning to. Paige was amazing and listened to exactly what I wanted. She had great suggestions and tips. She even showed me, step by step, how to style my hair using my natural curls (I didn't know I had them!).She was bubbly and made me feel super comfortable. The rest of the staff is friendly as well.It was such a pleasant experience that I'm actually looking forward to my next trim!Paige gets an A+.
5	I have been on the hunt for a new salon and I think I've finally found it! The vibe is great, the decor is trendy, and everybody seemed to work great together. Altered Ego was full of clients today, but I was about to get right in. Now let me be honest... when I made my appointment and the man on the phone said, "Okay, you're all set up with Thomas," I almost cancelled. Now this is just my own deal to get over, so I kept the appointment and headed over. The last time a man cut my hair, he nearly brushed my earring out and was soooo rough with my hair, it made my eyes water! Let me tell you, this was NOT the case with Thomas! I work nights and was pretty sleepy. He said it's okay if you pass out, lol, and I nearly did... especially during the head massage at the shampoo bowl. :-)Thomas asked me what I wanted, confirmed partway through and asked more questions. He offered opinions and listened. I was nervous, but would not be in the future. I trust him with my hair after only one time. So I got caramel highlights, my poorly cut growing bangs blended with the rest of my hair, and lost the bluntness of my long hair in the back. I'll be back and will ask for Thomas again. Judging by the reviews though, I am guessing I could go with anybody available and walk out a happy girl!
5	I loved this place and can't wait to go in and get my hair done again. I felt so at home, the people were super friendly. Went in after reading all of the reviews and was expecting to get an ok cut and color. But what I got was so much more. A stylest that helped find what was right for my skin tone and a really nice conversation that made the time fly by. I will have to admit that I was there for 3 hours but it was so worth it. I tried to find some thing I didn't like about this place but couldn't. When you go in for your first time ask for the free hair cut for new customers.
5	After just moving to Phoenix from St. Louis, I was really worried that I wouldn't find a salon I'd love.  But after just ten minutes, I knew I had found a new salon I'd be happy to call mine.  Topher is AMAZING, he spent hours working to make my hair absolutely perfect.  He was so knowledgeable and explained every thing he was doing for me, gave me tons of advice for keeping my hair healthy in the desert, and was overall an amazing person to talk to.  In addition to making my hair look beautiful (partial foil and cut, looked fantastic), he gave me dining reviews, good things to know about the Valley, and reminisced with me about also growing up in the Midwest.Altered Ego is a great place, you can tell how much everyone there is committed to making your hair look amazing and making you feel amazing.  I will DEFINITELY be coming back again and again.  If you're looking for a salon with stylists who are wonderful at what they do, make an appointment!!!
1	Went for months - I have baby fine wavy hair so no texturizing - apparently this is not something they understand as I left in July with a head full of texture - never went back.
2	After months of getting my hair done here, I've decided to write a review.  I moved here almost a year ago and have been getting my hair done at Altered Ego for the majority of the time I've been here.  I've noticed the last few times that I've been in to get my hair colored with highlights, the hair stylist doesn't get the blonde all the way to the root.  I only recently noticed how bad it looked because of the contrast between the colors that get put in my hair.  I get blonde highlights on top and the rest is a dark chocolate brown.  When I brush my hair back to put it in a ponytail you can notice almost a zebra effect with the different colors because a good inch of root shows where it should be blonde...and this is from a highly trained specialist (supposedly).  I'm not a big fan of paying 120+ dollars for my hair to look like the roots need touched up as soon as I leave.  So now I'm on the search to find yet another hair salon that can color my hair the correct way.
5	I've been searching for the perfect salon since I moved to Tempe three years ago. I've had a lot of ups and downs with bad haircuts and bleach bleeding between foils. I've paid way too much and gotten bad dye jobs. Today I went for my first appointment at Altered Ego. I was assigned Nique and couldn't be happier. She did a wonderful job on my hair, I got a full head of highlights. The price was low, and certainly within my small budget. But you get way more than you'd expect with such a great price. I won't be going anywhere else from now on, and certainly will be sticking with her as my colorist. This place is cute and friendly, and I definitely recommend it to anyone!
5	Been coming to Altered Ego for about four years now. I discovered it my sophomore year of college when I desperately needed a haircut and only someone who knew how to properly cut curly hair would do. I had a consultation with Terri and knew I'd come to the right place. She is a pro! I shall never again experience a bad haircut.  She has given me everything from bobs to short curly cuts to 40s style waves.  She also does great color. I've always had a great experience at Altered Ego and am glad to have a trusted salon and stylist.
4	Teri is the best colorist I've ever had. That said management needs to do some house keeping. Newer magazines, clean up, revamp decor seating etc
3	I recently decided to edit my review, and boost the rating from 1star to 3stars because Altered Ego is a great salon as a whole, but Matthew was totally unprofessional, and I feel like the salon is in part to blame, for having somebody like this work for them.I had been a client for a few years, and I was able to experience several of the female hairstylists.  I liked all of them, and became a regular of Nique's.I needed my hair trimmed and sexified before our engagement party back home.  Nique was booked, so I followed the advice of the receptionist who recommended Matthew because of his "level" of styling expertise.  I'm wondering who gave him that merit.I showed up early for my appointment, and was informed that Matthew had transferred me to his assistant, who I later discovered had been cutting hair for all of two months.  I was obviously nervous, and asked the young man at the receptionist counter what kind of experience she had.  He told me that she had been cutting hair for years, and that she was really good.  He didn't explain WHY I got shafted to the assistant, but I wasn't considering the potential catastrophe that would ensue.  I should have walked out and called the salon manager.Shortly after sitting down, I noticed that Matthew was there (I had thought he called in or something) with a client.  The nerve!  He had passed me unto his assistant so that he could take a client that was having some pricey hair treatments done (coloring and the works).  He was obviously hoping for a bigger tip, but it came back to bite him in the buns.His assistant was very very sweet, and as a person, I really liked her.  As a hairstylist, she was...well... inexperienced.  The top layer of my hair was cut horizontally, creating a disproportionate mullet on the back of my head, and then she razored the edges of my hair, giving me the "David Bowie of the Labrynth" vibe.  Awesome... not exactly what I thought my hair would look like for our engagement party.I think the worst part of all of this, was that I had to pay the same rate that I had been paying Nique, who was an amazing, qualified and experienced stylist!  First, Matthew transfers me to his assistant without asking my permission or explaining himself, and THEN makes me pay for a service that he did not even provide.  I highly doubt that his assistant received much of what I paid.  I should have made HIM pay ME!What made this completely unbearable was that he was just 50 ft. away from us while the butchering was taking place, but never once came by to see how his assistant was doing.  Nor did he ever bother to confront me to explain his logic for slyly slipping me to his assistant.  I don't for one second blame his assistant.  She needed guidance, but her teacher was never there to assist.We moved to Denver over the holidays, and the first thing I did after getting settled in, was finding a reputable hairstylist to rid me of the Bowie-Do.  She seriously laughed at my hair.  I cried and laughed.  I had been growing my hair out (It was past my shoulder blades) for our summer wedding, but Carolyn had to cut off SIX INCHES.  Nobody was laughing then.Our wedding was last August, and my hair was just long enough for me to work the "do" that I had hoped for (thank you rosemary essential oil!)Like I said, I liked this salon a lot.  Just take caution with who you choose to visit.
5	I was looking for someone to do ombre coloring on my hair.  I didn't have a good color stylist and with it being a newer trend I went to FB for suggestions.  Two of my friends suggested this salon.  One of my friends suggested Shaya.  She had used her before for color and really liked the results.  Upon arriving I immediately noticed and liked the decor of the salon.  Modern, but not overly pretentious. How about modern and tasteful, but still comfortable?   I loved the chandeliers hanging above the stations!  Anyway, Shaya came to greet me on time and took me back.  We discussed what I wanted and she busted out her ipad to look at images of what I had mentioned.  I felt comfortable knowing we both had the same image in mind.  Shaya was talkative without being over chatty.  We had recently had some drama so I probably ran at the mouth some (what is it about a salon chair?!), but the mood of the salon is very relaxed.  Everyone was super nice and I really liked the light processing section.  Its just one big long bench with overhead lamps.  They also provide ottomans and there is a TV on the wall.  Made my wait under the lamps super comfortable.  Time to wash!  I was surprised by the scalp massage I was given when washing out the color.  Really nice touch!   Another nice touch was that she actually blew out my hair instead of just blow-drying it.    I normally have to pay extra for a "style", but didn't with Shaya.  Maybe my last salon just sucked!  lol  Either way I am SUPER happy with the results.  I left looking and feeling fabulous!  I would totally recommend this salon and Shaya!
5	I live in North Carolina and come all the way out to see Topher Miller to get my hair done in Tempe. I have NEVER had so many compliments on my cut and color as I have in the past year. Topher is FANTASTIC and I recommend him for anyone looking for a stylist!
5	I've been getting my hair cut, colored and highlighted by Topher for a year and a half....my hair has never looked this sexy and natural. Topher's suggestion to grow my hair out and cut it differently than it has been before makes me look at least 5 years younger..Love it!
5	Kasondra is AMAZING!!!  I haven't found a really good hairstylist since I moved to Phoenix 4 years ago.  I tried Kasondra and that all changed!  She actually listened to what I wanted!  She understood how my hair works and explained why the hairstyle I wanted just wouldn't work with my hair.  She was absolutely right and cut the most amazing hairstyle that fit my face and hair perfectly!  She is so personable I have a blast with her for the hour I am there (and her head massage is freaking fantastic!).  She is so thorough!  I never had that uneasy feeling of trying someone new with my hair.  She knows what she is talking about and does an amazing job making sure my hair looks fantastic and that I can make it look just as good once I go home and do it myself.  My friends think I spend a million dollars on my cuts because they are so good!  Did I mention I drive almost an hour to go see her?  SHE IS THAT GOOD!  SHE IS TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!!
5	Kasondra is AMAZING!!!  I haven't found a really good hairstylist since I moved to Phoenix 4 years ago.  I tried Kasondra and that all changed!  She actually listened to what I wanted!  She understood how my hair works and explained why the hairstyle I wanted just wouldn't work with my hair.  She was absolutely right and cut the most amazing hairstyle that fit my face and hair perfectly!  She is so personable I have a blast with her for the hour I am there (and her head massage is freaking fantastic!).  She is so thorough!  I never had that uneasy feeling of trying someone new with my hair.  She knows what she is talking about and does an amazing job making sure my hair looks fantastic and that I can make it look just as good once I go home and do it myself.  My friends think I spend a million dollars on my cuts because they are so good!  Did I mention I drive almost an hour to go see her?  SHE IS THAT GOOD!  SHE IS TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!!
5	About a year ago, I lost my friend, confidante, and stylist of over a decade.  Eventually, my search for a new "guy" led me to Topher at Altered Ego.  He was kind, sensitive to my hesitance to enter into a new hair relationship - yes, it's totally like that.  And he gets it.  Topher has since earned my trust and more.  He's prepared with style photos, and it's almost like he's got a "master plan" in the works for my head.  Every appointment ends with style tips.  He outdid himself this last cut, though. My compliments have evolved from,"Cute hair!" to, "Wow, who did your hair, and what's his number?!"  :-)
5	I love this salon!I see Amor every 5 weeks for a color and highlight and she is completely amazing! I frequently walk in and say I want to change my hair color (because I'm always on Pinterest and you all know how that goes). She is always willing to change things however I ask and always makes my hair look amazing! She will make you look awesome, I promise!I'm sad I'm moving away and won't be able to go to Amor anymore, but my loss is your gain! Go see her! You won't be sorry!
5	Tawni, Shaya, and the entire crew at Altered Ego, always make my visit FANTASTIC!  That's really all there is to say.  They're great at what they do, and you should go.  It's a full service salon with a coffee shop attached.  Just add a bar and a hotel and I'd never leave.
5	I had Thomas cut my hair, it was the best haircut I've have received since moving to AZ. He spent so much time on adding in all the details I wanted. Will definitely go back to him, best stylist yet.
5	Sooooo happy I gave this salon a chance!I am always weary when trying out a new salon and held off on a hair cut until i just couldnt stand my long hair anymore. I got a short hair cut, A-line, and was more than pleasantly happy with how it turned out!Topher was my stylist and not only did he do a great job but was extremely courteous. I am usually the shy type of customer who doesn't talk during the appointment however he made me feel very comfortable the entire time, while holding a conversation! My short hair turned out so well I was getting compliments on it for weeks after! I think what also made this experience so great was that Topher gave me tips on how to style my hair, so he taught me a few styling tips which i so desperately needed.  I felt that the pricing was extremely reasonable for well experienced stylist, (disclaimer: I am from california and am accustomed to ~$60-$80 for a cut, so in comparison, Altered Ego charged me for about half that price)Overall I am extremely satisfied with my experience here and want to go back for a touch up! :)
5	I have seen Tiffany for a little over a year and she has been my saving grace for my nails! Such a sweet and outgoing women! The salons energy is upbeat and extremely fun! All of the staff is efficient and friendly. I was in love with this place from the first time I went! Outstanding!
5	It had been a while since I'd gotten a good hair cut. My husband and I moved to Phoenix last year and I was looking for that one salon and person whom I could trust with my hair.After reading reviews here, I decided to give Altered Ego and Topher a try. And I am so glad I did!Topher knew what he was doing. I'm a very low maintenance person, don't like to style my hair much and was looking for something that would be appropriate for my hair, lifestyle and profession. He counseled me about the style I had in mind (what I thought I'd look like vs what I'd actually look like) and eventually, pretty much made up a hair cut. As an added bonus, he said that if I didn't like my cut, he would make things right. I didn't have to take him up on that offer because my hair looks great!He had quick tips about how to keep my hair looking good, even after a shampoo, and showed me products that would work (but didn't push me to buy anything). Topher was just the right mix of quiet and chatty - no unnecessary fawning or artificial niceness. He seemed like a genuine guy. I'm definitely going back to Altered Ego and Topher.
5	I  have been going to Altered ego for a few yrs. It is a boutique type atmosphere, which I love and there is a really  good coffee shop next door!! Tina is the best ! I feel like she is always thinking of a great new way to make my hair look fantastic!! I feel so confident about her artistic ability. I would highly recommend checking this place out !
5	It is hard to find a hair stylist that listens and knows your hair so I am so thankful I found Tina! Tina does an amazing job with my hair.  She also gives the most relaxing scalp massage that I have ever had! I can't wait for my next appointment! Thanks Tina! Your the best!
5	I moved from out of state a little over a year ago and found Tina as my hairstylist!  Normally it takes me a couple of tries with a stylist before finding one who truly knows how to work with my red coarse/curly hair, but with finding Tina, I never needed to try elsewhere. She is AMAZING with color. She found the perfect 2 colors that complement my natural red and I love it!  I am constantly getting compliments while out and about on my hair color. Tina definitely knows how to make your hair look great!!
5	I'm not really a fan of reviewing 'non-eateries', but I have to say something about Altered Ego Salon.  I have an immensely awesome daughter; she's artsy, fancy, bohemian and often wears mismatched clothing (rainbow socks, converse boots, purple beret...getting the picture?)  During what can only be described as an 'epiphanial' night of  snooty beer drinking, I asked myself  'would my daughter let me put a giant streak of neon pink in her hair??' The answer was:  'Goddamn right Bob'... I know what you're going to say... What kind of a-hole lets their kid get their hair colored?  Well, me.  If my review upsets you or you disagree with any choice I've made, please decide on a farm animal, of your choosing of course, and endeavor to fornicate with it.  After a much regretted post in 'Talk', I took the only 2 rational salon recommendations I received and gave em' each a jingle-jangle.  I will say, after yammering with a number of fancy sounding peoples at each salon, I decided AE was the place for me; the date was set for a man named Topher to change my spawns life fo-eva.So guys - FYI - a cut and color an a girl's hair can take a long time - like 3 god damn hours.  Bring a book or fondue pot, something.  It helped that AE is really nice inside, with comfy butt-trays and TV's in the 'this thing is switching my brain with a monkey's' machine area... You know what I mean. The details:Price was beyond rational,  service prompt and efficient.  The experience as a whole was quite honestly enjoyable.  My daughter sat and chatted with Topher, who took the time to listen about what she wanted to do with her hair (treating her like a person and not a little kid)  The crux was the look on my daughters face when Topher (the Bruce Lee of stylin') revealed her new pink locks to her; like an emaciated Somalian child receiving a big piece of choco' cake.I'll be honest; I don't like children.  (Yeah yeah, I know.. ah-hole) That being said, AE took the time to treat my child not only as a valued customer, but as a person - the results of which were beyond anything I could have imagined.  It's always a joy to get much much more than you expected.  I'll be back - this place is the cats mer-wow.
5	Tiffany the nail tech at Altered Ego is amazing and does an excellent job with both manis and pedis. She is very precise in her work and is focused on what the customer wants. I have been going to Tiffany for 4+ years and I couldn't be happier!
5	I am very particular when it comes to my hair and after moving to Arizona it was my mission to find a place i could go to and leave feeling great about my hair. I went to other salons before finding Altered Ego, and I have to say I wish I found Alter Ego first!! I made an appointment and was introduced to Topher. I gave a brief sentence on how I usually cut my hair and Topher went to work. He knew exactly what I wanted from a few words. It is hard to find a salon and hair stylist that can understand their clients needs from a few words. With Topher there was no issue. I can honestly say that every time I go in for a hair cut with Topher I leave knowing my hair will look amazing. Definitely the place to go if you want great service and an amazing haircut.
4	This place is great! Was in search of a great salon where I felt welcomed but wasn't overpaying. The salon has a great vibe to it and is very cozy. My stylist was Topher and is great. He definitely listens to what you have to say and is great on giving advice. His help is great because it can be used after leaving the salon which is so nice for always trying to look your best! Definitely go to this salon and request Topher.
5	I love this Salon! It has an awesome atmosphere and great stylists. I would highly recommend Topher. Not only did he give me an amazing cut but he also gave me tips on how to style my hair. After informing him that most days I choose extra sleep over styling he taught me how to do a ten minute blow dry. I have been doing it this past week and I am impressed with how much better my hair looks!
5	I have been looking for someone who I can trust to do blonde highlights. I came here to see Topher based on a recommendation from a friend. He did an amazing job on my blonde highlights!!! I am so excited to have someone that can do such a fantastic job on my hair! Topher made me feel comfortable and shared very helpful tips about how to  treat my hair and easy ways I can style it. I am very low maintenance about my hair but I want it to look good and he helped me out!  Definitely go see Topher!
5	Spencer the barber is great - I highly recommend the shave!!
5	I have been getting my haircut here for a few months now.  I switched from a traditional barbers cut to something a little more, well, in.I could not recommend anyone better then Topher, he is always helpful and competent.  I appreciate his skill and treats my head like art, a true artist.  See you soon!
5	I've been going here for a while, which says a lot because I'm usually a gypsy when it comes to hairdressers. This place is pretty much the shit. Just sayin. Cool salon, fun staff, awesome do's and great prices. It really doesn't get much better than that.If you're on the fence about this place get over yourself and just make an appointment. (btw, Amber is where it's at)
4	I have been going to Altered Ego for a while now and absolutely love it! I recently moved to CA and still go visit them when I'm in town!Let me first start by saying that I did have one HORRIBLE experience here when I made an appointment for a partial highlight and cut with Kasondra on a whim. My normal gal did not have any available appointments so I decided to test Kasondra out-BAD IDEA. I came in and took the time to explain in detail the type of color and look I wanted. She was very sweet during the process, however when she was finished there was absolutely no difference at all!!! I am naturally a brunette and have always liked to have natural-looking golden blonde highlights. Kasondra gave me no blonde color and my highlights looked brassy and unnatural. On top of that I had asked for a trim of my layers and it literally looked like someone had taken a butcher knife to my hair. It was completely uneven! I went into work the next day and my boss felt so bad for me she allowed me to take 3 hours off to go get my hair fixed!Enter Tawni-the owner of the salon. I called in a panic needing to get my hair fixed as I was leaving town on vacation. The salon offered to put me with Kasondra again but, needless to say, I was not excited about that option. Tawni was AMAZING! She completely fixed Kasondra's botched job on my hair and made my highlights and color look phenomenal! Tawni was also so interactive and engaging the whole time I was in her chair. Her assistant Sonni even gave the most wonderful scalp massage! Since then I will only see Tawni and trust her with my hair! One thing I will say is since she is the owner of the salon and very busy you are often there for a long time with other stylists washing your hair and blowdrying/styling you.I gave this review 4 stars because the salon is so quaint, the staff is lovely, and Tawni is awesome! I will never go back to Kasondra again, but Tawni's service recovery turned a horrible situation into a positive one.
5	Been here many times, but never got around to writing about this place! The stylists here are great and always seem to make me feel and look great! My stylist Amor does an excellent job with my hair and I couldn't ask for anything more. She always seems to have the right idea on what to do with my hair! The service is great, the staff take good care of you and are great at working to what you want with your hair. It's also very well-priced for a salon. This place is where you want to be if you want some amazing work with your hair!
5	I have never written a Yelp review before, but I'm so happy with my hair, I just had to!  Kasondra has done my hair twice now, and I believe I have the best haircut I've ever had!  I am sooo in love with the cut and color!  She is amazing....Thanks Kasondra!
1	Altered Ego obviously has an altered sense of the word "APPOINTMENT". When I arrived five minutes early for my appointment, the receptionist said that Cody had accepted a walk-in just before I got there so "have a seat or go next door for a coffee." Eh? I went next door, had a coffee, then decided I had better things to do then wait for the MAESTRO COIFFURE. Fifty minutes after my original appointment time Cody texted me and said he was ready. For what maestro? Another walk-in?
5	They did a fabulous job on my hair and make up for my wedding! We did a trial run to go through hair ideas and Topher was fantastic. On the day of all the staff took great care of my bridesmaids and me. Billie did our scheduling flawlessly. Tawny rocked my hair. Definitely recommend Altered Ego salon for any of your beauty needs.
5	Kasondra is amazing! She is the first hairstylist who has really given me a cut that I loved! I definitely recommend her!
5	I have to be honest, I don't normally write reviews on yelp but I feel like my continuous positive experience with my stylist Amber Bittner necessitates it. First of all, she listens and I always "sees the vision" and never pushes her agenda on me (I've had hair stylists in the past that just sort of do what they want). Anyway, I fully recommend this salon and in particular Amber. Oh and go on a Saturday there's always sweet bake sales out side!
5	Having had terrible hair experiences, I'm always careful who I go to when I get a haircut. It had been about two years since my last trim and 5 years since I had gone to a salon to get it cut. I decided to give this salon a try because of the good yelp reviews. I called earlier that morning and was able to get an appointment for that same day with Tiffany. I showed her a photo of the bangs I wanted and told her to trim a few inches off but keep it long. She was very careful and took her time. I never felt like she was rushed. From my experiences I feel like when you ask to take off a few inches they end up cutting way too much, but that was not the case.  She did a fantastic job and my hair turned out exactly how I wanted. The haircut plus shampoo and blow dry took an hour and was $36. Definitely coming back!
5	Called in for a bang trim, got scheduled with Tina. She was so sweet and prompt and took the time to even give me some stylist tips :)
1	I have thought on this for a while and decided a review needed to be written.I had a great stylist I was with for several years. When I say great, Im talking about a stylist that cut your hair wet and then blew it dry and again touched each strand, lightly trimming them so everything was perfect. I could part my hair anywhere, wear it curly or straight and it was beautiful. Her color was exceptional and natural. Unfortunately she moved too far and I couldn't make our schedules mesh. I decided to go for local, close by, and went to Altered Egos based on Yelp reviews. First couple of appointments were decent. The stylist didn't have the natural comfort with cutting my hair, it was very methodical in a school like way. I was okay with that since she did a good job on my color, I figured she would grow into being more confident in her cutting skills (I was in this for the long haul). I brought my daughter in who has very long hair, past the small of her back. About three quarters of the bottom of her hair is a gorgeous vibrant dark pink, with the rest her natural dark brown. We tried a trim first and then wanted her color refreshed and a sealant for shine. We made sure the stylist was comfortable with the color...that she could do it and had access to the vibrant shade used originally. The stylist did the trim and it was okay....my daughter still had some damage (hello this is why great cuts involve handling the hair again after it's dry). She liked the stylist and she has a lot of hair that had not been getting trimmed regularly, so we didn't consider this a strike against her. She trimmed it again and proceeded to do the color. It looked shiny and nice when we left and we were happy. The next day as I looked at it again I started to think the color really didn't look any better then before we went, it was just shiny with clean ends. My daughter had done the original color herself...so a trained stylist had to be better though....I must have needed new glasses. I didn't  want to bum my daughter out so I waited a few days before I said something about the color. She said it was okay so I dropped it. A couple days later she told me it really didn't look any better at all but didn't want to hurt my feelings. I called the stylist and the short story is she offered to color it again...wait for it....but I would need to pay for it. HELLO.....I used an example of not paying a mechanic twice for the same work and she told me if I had called two days later instead of two weeks it would be a different story. I'm sorry, but in no way should color look bad two weeks after it is done. We aren't talking about waiting 4-6 weeks for root re-growth to get a free touch up. She followed up by stating that she thought my daughter was one of those people who believed no one could do the color better than themselves! WHAT.....she is a 20 year old college student who colored her hair pink on her own because she is a poor college student, not an aspiring stylist. Never will I return again. You want an average cut in a place that could be cute but is a bit dated and dusty....go for it.
5	Great place for gel nails! . Brandy does an awesome job!  She really knows how to apply the gel... They last forever and the color keeps my nails perfect for a month or more! I havent broken a nail since I stared going there over a year ago. Love the gel..  makes my natural nails stronger and grow faster.  My nails aways look great and I get tons of complements.  I wound never go anywhere else for a gel fill manicure.
5	I've been to many nail techs but none of them have delivered like Brandy Sucher. Every time I get a gel (shellac) manicure or pedicure from her they last for many weeks! I don't have to worry about my nails chipping the next day and having to travel back to the salon just to get it fixed. Not to mention, Brandy is very creative! Every nail design I've had from her is always followed by tons of compliments. I refuse to go to any other nail tech because Brandy knows what she's doing, she remembers what I like, and she's always easy to talk to. She offers amazing $20 shellac manicures, which is phenomenal deal compared to other salons. If you're looking for quality nail service for a reasonable price then you should definitely schedule an appointment with Brandy.
5	I've been Altered Ego three times. The first time I came in, I had a normal haircut, and the last two times I have been back for bang trims. I have been extremely happy with my experiences at this salon. All of the stylists I've worked with are knowledgeable and very honest about hair. Bangs are HARD, especially with my hair type, and I've been so happy every time I have gotten them cut. Bang trims are only $5! They take walk ins and appointments. Every time I have called the day of a bang trim, they were able to get me in and offer me various times. I highly recommend this salon to anyone who is looking for stylists with a lot of experience and extensive knowledge of different hair types and styles.
5	When I made the move to Arizona from Texas five years ago, I was faced with the challenge of finding a new doctor and a new hairdresser.  I didn't realize the latter would prove the most challenging.....that is until I found Topher Miller at Altered Ego Salon.Topher is a talented professional, both in the business sense and in the technical perspective.  He listens to my ideas and puts them into practical action for a finished result that is exactly what I hoped for and envisioned.  Having had a few hiccups in finding a fabulous hairdresser, by the time I got to Topher my hair was overstressed, poorly processed, and an overall mess.  Topher put me back together in a way that was perfect for me.  He makes recommendations that are appropriate and not about his pushing for a buck but rather something that is of benefit to me.I love this man and hope we have a very long and productive friendship!
5	This was the first time I ever went to an actual salon. I made the appointment online, and they were really great about calling me to confirm what I wanted. Tina was great! She looked through  few pictures of the color I wanted with me, and explained the whole process. I ended up going a lot darker than I intended at first since I decided I didn't want to bleach my hair when it was so damaged. She did say that I could come back again if I wanted a more vibrant color, and I'm sure I will. I had very long hair when I went in, split ends and flyaways all over, and when I came out Tina had left it smooth and silky, and with awesome bangs! She suggested some products, but didn't try to shove them in my face like a salesperson. Over all, it was an awesome experience and I am definitely going back when I decide to get my hair cut and styled again.
5	Just came back from Altered Ego with another FABULOUS hair cut, thanks to Topher! Had a pictures of a few haircut options on my phone. Topher went over them with me and gave his expert advice on what might look best on my face cut and hair. After the hair was done, it looked exactly like the photo but I needed something extra. He worked with me to get it to look exactly the way I wanted. Turned out perfect! My husband says the cut looks awesome and I can't wait to hear other comments from friends and coworkers, beginning tomorrow. Thanks, Topher, for a great cut and comfortable time at Altered Ego. :)
5	Once again Brandy has delivered excellence! I got hard gel extensions and I'm in love! They're beautiful and the compliments never stop! Thank you, Brandy!
5	I absolutely love the team at Altered Ego!  Shaya does an amazing job with my short haircut and highlights.  She truly has a gift!Brandy is a talented nail artist...she has me hooked on shellac manicures.  Highly recommend!
2	The stylist that did my hair was really nice, but definitely doesn't know how to do the ombre technique. I showed her what I wanted- just your standard ombre, and she seemed VERY confident about what she was doing. What I ended up with was definitely NOT ombre. My friends said it looked like I had grown-out chunks/highlights. There was no gradual fade to blonde. Another reason it turned out bad was bc she didn't use any toner at all on the blonde, which left me really brassy :(Very disappointing because I feel like I would have had better results if I'd done DIY ombre following a youtube tutorial at home...Now to be fair, I didn't go back to let her know I was unhappy. She might have been able fix it, but I don't usually trust the person who made the mistake to fix it. I just wish she could have admitted that she didn't really know how to do ombre, so I could've saved myself some money and hair damage getting it fixed. Might give this place another chance with a different stylist/colorist next time because so many other reviewers have great experiences here.
5	Tiffany is my stylist and this lady knows what's up! I just went in the other day and showed up a few minutes late for my appointment and she just brushed it off like no big deal...applause for that because I hate being late and when people are late. My hair...came out exactly how I wanted it. I wanted it a lighter blonde without all the gold tones and she did exactly what I asked. I get my hair cut and sometimes I'm super picky about the cut but she just did her thing and I kept annoyingly telling her how much I loved it. I didn't care, I wanted to tell everyone how happy I was with it!You forget how great it is to have an awesome stylist and I'd recommend her to anyone, especially the blondes! Thanks Tiffany!
5	Topher is my stylist, and he is just fantastic! I have been living in Arizona for almost 5 years, and I have struggled to find a hair stylist that I would go back to as a returning client. However, after reading all the great reviews about Topher I decided to try a cut from him and I can officially call myself a returning client. When I first came to Topher, we did a dramatic hair cut, my hair initially went from the very bottom of my back and I asked Topher to cut about 20inches off. He did an asymmetrical bob that went up to my shoulders. I loved it and I still love it. He listened to everything I wanted and I got a ton of compliments (from both friends and strangers) about my hair cut. I literally had two ladies stop me in a restaurant so they could take multiple pictures of my hair at all angles because they loved it so much. The compliments went on for weeks! Topher's a wonderful hairstylist and I am very happy I found him as my now regular stylist. The prices are awesome! (about $45 for a complex women's cut, something I would normally pay $80 for)
4	I needed to get a spray tan a few Fridays ago. I was going to a Wedding on Saturday and I had bought a dress that had no sleeves. So I checked Yelp for an Idea for a spray Tan close to me.What I did find was the place I had intended did not have great reviews. This place did. I was lucky enough to get an appt on Friday and 12:00. $25.00 for first time clients.The girl that tanned me was running behind in appt. So she was nice enough to call me to tell me she would be 15 min. late.So I did not rush to get there and I found that to be very  thoughtful of her.She did a great job with the spray tan.I do not often get them, and I was very impressed with how long it lasted as well.Lots of parking in the lot. May be a  bit hard to find if it is your first time there as there are many little buildings all around.It is a nice place inside, very clean and well laid out as well.
5	I have naturally curly hair and it's hard to find a good stylist. I needed someone who knew how to cut curly hair, and who wasn't afraid to do something daring- I like my hair to look edgy and wild and many stylists find that scary. I read a lot of reviews and made an appointment with Tawni. She was amazing! Her total technique was impressive. First she cut my wet hair with scissors. Then when it was dry, she went back in with a razor and selected individual curls to sculpt. The end result was that my hair had a lot of dimension, but did not feel heavy. Selectively cutting short various curls at different levels made all of my curls look more defined. My hair looked great and I am very pleased with the end result. I will definitely return to Tawni in the future. I would also like to add that everyone at the salon was so nice and friendly. It was a super-welcoming environment. Timiko, who did my shampoo, was great. No one was remotely snobby, or "too busy" for me. I really like the space/location. The salon is laid out to feel smaller than it is. The large space is divided, which keeps it from being super-noisy, and makes it feel intimate. The space was also clean, which I appreciate.
5	This was my first time at the salon and I must say it was an amazing experience. My stylist was Tiffany and we did an ombre with some highlights. I came in after growing my hair out for nine months and asked her to perform an ombre on my box-dyed black tips. She was so patient and understanding through the whole process. She got me a lot lighter than I expected and I love the way it turned out. She was great at giving me step by step information on the process she was doing and I really enjoyed that because I didn't feel like I was just sitting there letting her do whatever she wanted. The staff was knowledgeable and friendly. I plan to go back for another session!
5	Had a barber cut my hair... 1st since I was a kid. It was a great experience.  Nice fade and clean lines.  Also love my gatsby inspired cut... Dapper!!!
5	This has been my go to place throughout college, I am so sad to be moving away from such a great salon! Danielle does the waxing and is super knowledgeable and sweet. I have had my hair done by Cassandra and Sonnie and they both do amazing work. They really take their time and make sure that you are getting exactly what you want. Always a pleasure going here, super friendly, clean, and relaxing.
5	I'm not a fan of running to write a review of salons until I trust them implicitly. I've been burned before!I, however, choose to throw that caution to the wind and say that this is one of the best salons I've ever been to. I love it. Friendly, friendly people. Access to coffee and drinks from a little cafe next door that they go and get and bring back to you! Lots of great products for sale and really comfy washing station. I love putting my feet up!Now to the real gem of this place: Mylisa. What can you say when you've had so many bad stylists and then you find the best hairstylist ever? Words fail me. But i'll try. She's beautiful, funny, engaging and MAN, can she do hair! I love the way she does my twice-weekly blowouts so much. My hair looks gorgeous for days and days it's done so well! And, she uses the best, most perfect product on my hair. The only way she can leave me is if she takes me with her. I mean, like, she's restraining order good. I can't stay away! I'm finally excited to have someone do my hair the way I love it! Mylisa is the BEST. (go find your own stylist, she's mine)
5	Amazing level of service...Matthew did an outstanding job on a first time super - picky customer (ME)..So happy I found this place and Matthew. .. I feel and look great!
5	This review is for Topher.He is by far my favorite stylist in Arizona and I've been to a few before finding him. Topher is attentive and listens to his clients. I trust Topher enough to make color and cut decisions about my hair when I didn't have concrete ideas. Every time, he amazed me! I always walked out of Altered Ego, I would receive compliments about my cut and color!I highly recommend Topher - he's absolutely fantastic!!
5	This review is for Amor.  She is the best hair stylist I've ever had. She is amazing with color and really listens to what you want, but is also very stylish and has great ideas to recommend to you. She is also a pleasure to talk to during your cut and color!  And the prices are extremely reasonable given the quality of her work. Amor also gives a fantastic eyebrow wax and reshaping. I'm so sad that I can no longer go to Amor since moving to San Diego.
5	Tiffany Skinner gave cut me the cutest bob on Thursday evening.  This was my first time at Altered Ego and I thought I'd give it a try after reading the reviews on Yelp.  She took the time to look at images on my iPhone when I googled "bobs for round faces".  I make sure I have a picture to emulate since my face is round and I want that taken into consideration for a bob hair cut.  I've attached photos of the cut.  The hair studio is very clean and has a combination decor of shabby chic and modern design.  If you read my review and the other reviews on Yelp, I'm confident you'll find a stylist you're comfortable with and can give you a great hair style.Thank you Tiffany Skinner for the cute hair cut.
1	After seeing their facebook page and seeing that they knew all the latest styles it seemed like a good place to get a haircut so I decided to give it a try. Went with a picture and had also requested someone that knew how to use a straight edge razor. I was assured that would be no problem. I arrived for my haircut, the guy was surprised that I requested a razor cut and had to borrow a razor from another stylist.  My haircut looked nothing like the picture I brought and turned out to be one of the worst haircuts I ever received. I will not be returning.
5	Had an awesome experience again with their new barber Ray.  I thought they lost their barber only to find an even better one.My third time here and it is awesome...my wife thinks its the bomb!!!...not bias at all..lol.  Thanks Ray...made my next appointment already- maybe a shave next time.
5	I saw Shiva and that man worked miracles. I had some pretty dicey bangs  that had grown out and become unruly. I also have very fine hair, and it's extremely damaged from a bad highlight experience a few months ago. So after reading reviews, I decided to just book an appointment  with whoever could see me after work. I was hoping for a cut just good enough that I could ditch the ponytail and hair clips, but Shiva gave me a style I actually love. He took time to talk to me and figure out what style would work best with my lifestyle and what I was hoping to accomplish in a look. My new cut has volume, balance, and most importantly,  can grow out without being tied back into a ponytail!
5	I saw Tiffany the other day and let me say I am so particular about my hair when I couldn't get in with my usual girl I made an appt here and I was not disappointed!! Tiffany was great! Friendly, funny and just in general loves her job! We talked about many different topics and had some good laughs.
5	I miss Tawni and her expertise.She does great color,I only wish I could fly to Arizona every couple of months to see her.
5	Amber is great :) I always get highlights/lowlights and even have her cut/color my clip-in extensions. I decided to go with a nice salon finally after a "stylist" I found on craiglist butchered my highlights. Amber fixed my hair and I'll continue going here :) It's worth it to spend extra money to have a job well done.
5	I went to Rob who works in the barber shop attached to the salon. I was looking for something sharp and professional. He did an amazing job of listening to what I wanted. He also did an awesome job. Faded sides, hard shaved part and slick and professional top. Bangin job, Rob.
5	This salon is amazing! Love the decor, and the overall atmosphere. It's my go to for hair, nails, facials and there's a delicious coffee shop right next door attached to the barbershop. I never have any complaints, and would recommend it to anyone!
5	Awesome stylist.. It's my 2nd year living in Arizona and I finally found a great salon! Please ask for Mylisa, she'll do an amazing job!
5	I've been trying to find a new salon since I moved to Arizona, I tried one other place here, but it just didn't capture my attention. My overall experience at Altered Ego was great and it was a beautiful salon! I had Tiffany and she was awesome!  I have not so normal hair which kinda made it a little more difficult to work with, but she used her great skills to get my hair how I wanted it. What I loved most about Tiffany is that she was completely honest with me about my hair's health. I know i'm not the best at keeping my hair healthy and I don't use really good products for my hair...So i knew it was pretty damaged before going in. Other stylist I've seen have always just taken in what I said I wanted and did it, rather than sharing their observations. I really don't mind honesty because I take in constructive criticism quite well. Which is why I loved Tiffany. She was kindly, honest with me on how dry my hair was and that we need to treat it to become more healthy. She gave me advice on what to do to build it's strength, every step of my visit she always let me know what she was doing and why she was doing it. Because my hair is  different than ordinary (very dry, course, thick, and I shed a lot), I was at the salon for a while because of some complications with the chemicals and such, but both Tiffany and the owner  did an awesome job correcting it as if nothing even happened. It showed how much they care about their clients and they did everything they could to have me walk out of the salon with  a smile on my face. I did walk out happy with my service and my hair looks great and feels so much more healthier with all the damaged hair chopped off! :) This experience has made me open my eyes into really taking care of my hair since it's so easily damaged just by the nature of my hair.  I think I found my new AZ hair salon and will be back to see Tiffany!
5	I have been going to Altered Ego for over a year now and love it! When I first moved to Tempe I had no idea where to go to get my hair done. I am very specific am how I want my color and cut and was nervous to try a new place. The first time I went here I had a bad experience, the hairdresser took 3 hours to do my highlights and told me she had only been doing hair for a little and mostly did nails. She cut off way more than I had asked for and I left very upset. I decided to give altered ego another chance though after seeing so many great reviews. This time I did my research and booked an appointment with Cassandra. I am so happy I did! She is sweet, smart and a great hairdresser. Every time I leave I am happy with my hair and get lots of compliments. Cassandra is great to talk to and I look forward to my appointments with her. I usually wait 3 months in between highlights and she never minds that they are grown out. I would highly recommend anyone to her. She does a great job with blonde hair and is comfortable cutting my very long hair. Great place!
5	I get my hair cut by Nique (pronounced Nikki) and she does a fantastic job. The salon is clean, they have great products (Moroccan Oil!!) and really good deals for first-timers. Come check it out!
5	I came in not expecting much but was extremely pleased with the result. After a fumbled attempt at explaining to the stylist what I wanted she seemed to understand right away and went right to work. How many times after a cut can you say that you can go home and recreate the style, but I did! Thank you Cassnandra, you're the best!
3	Went here last week for the first time for a brow wax. First thing my waxer did was complain that she had just burned the roof of her mouth on hot queso she'd scrapped off the bottom of a crock pot. Not too alarming except for the fact that her job requires the exact same skill set to apply hot wax on people's faces! Um, let's use some common sense and not scare away your customers. Moving on.
5	I had my brows waxed today at alter ego by jess.  She did an amazing job and took such care in her work.  I will definitely  be returning.  I'm very picky about my eye brows and they now look fabulous!!
5	I went to see Tiffany today for a cut and color. Having moved to Phoenix from Texas in October, I had already been to another stylist at a different salon and knew as soon as I stood up from the chair that I would not be back. So, I ended up reading other salon reviews and called Altered Ego. The person who answered the phone was very interested in the type of cut I wanted and what I was looking to achieve. She recommended Tiffany and said she was fantastic with mid to short styles. I'm easy going but I know when I have received a cut I like or don't like. I can tell almost immediately when the stylist starts cutting. So, when I sat down with Tiffany, I showed her pics of what I was going for and what had gone wrong with the last stylist that cut my hair. She noticed my hair type and asked if I ever wore it curly (I have a natural wave.) I know that sounds easy to do but I've been to stylists that don't seem to notice or know what type of hair I have or at least they don't seem to care. It's important to me that a stylist recognizes my hair type because it lets me know that they know certain cuts cannot or will not work for me. She started cutting and I was immediately comfortable. She told me what she was cutting and why she thought it would work better for what I wanted to achieve. She explained how doing this or that would balance out this feature (I have a wide jaw) and how smoothing out some layers or taking some length off would do this or that. It was obvious she knew what she was doing and was paying attention to what I wanted and also to what would look good on me. Before she even blew my hair dry, I could see the difference in the cut and style. I loved it. She did a fabulous job with my color too! I couldn't be happier. On top of that, she was so very sweet and very nice. I've never been a salon hopper. I like to find someone and stick with them. To me, a stylist is one of the best relationships you can have, once you find the right one. If you spend 3 hours with someone every 8 weeks, you gotta get along with them. I know that I have found my stylist here in Phoenix. I am already comfortable enough after one cut to let her do her "thing" and do whatever she thinks will look good the next time or whenever a "whim" comes to her. It was a fantastic experience.
