5	What, NO reviews for the Melwood Screening Room?  What's wrong--don't you people like movies?  More accurately, don't you people like good cinema in an off-beat setting?The Melwood Screening Room is owned by Pittsburgh Filmmakers.  It along with the Harris and Regent Square show foriegn, indie, and revival pix that you just can't get anywhere.  My husband Rick and I each have our Screenie Passes, which can be used for 12 admissions and 12 popcorns or soft drinks.  All for $80.00 each and they can be shared with friends.  Not a bad deal.So with our Screenies we came over to the Melwood to see "Taxi Driver".  Yep, THE "Taxi Driver"!  I'd never seen it before, but I now understand why it was considered one of the greatest movies of the 1970s.  "Village Voice" said: "Libidinal politics, celebrity worship, sexual exploitation, the fetishization of guns and violence, racial stereotyping, the fear of foreigners - not to mention the promise of apocalyptic religion - all remain. Taxi Driver lives. See it again. And try to have a nice day." As for the Melwood Screening Room itself, it really is that--just a room with 130 seats.  So we are talking an intimate venue here.  Melwood was built in 1995 into part of a converted urban warehouse.  It houses Pittsburgh Filmmakers' administrative offices, its classrooms, and art galleries. But if you're looking for something a little out of the ordinary, come check it out.
3	Great place to go for experimental cinema. For example, test your tolerance of student endeavors, or try the latest genre before it's even got a name or reputation. Better yet, meet the filmmaker and pick their brain about their work. This is where to go if you want to think about film. And you should want to think about film if you are to go to the movies at all. The Melwood Screening room is an excellent bet for a mind expanding cinematic crap shoot.
4	The Melwood Screening room shows wonderful foreign, art, and documentary films.  It seats 130, so it's someone small and intimate.  If you like the big screen, then Filmmakers has a larger movie house called the Regent in Regent Square.The Melwood has reasonably priced popcorn and drinks, but it's mostly about the high quality cinema that you won't find too many other places.I have gone to several screenings where I've met the filmmaker, and sometimes there is a nice reception, which is a great way to meet other film fans.  Best of all, the Melwood is one of the theaters used for both the 3 Rivers Film Festival and the Silk Screen Film Festival, both are worth checking out.Parking is mostly on the street, plus they do have their own parking lot.
4	The Melwood Screening Room is part of Pittsburgh Filmmakers' headquarters...and I have to say, as cool as the concept itself is, it's a major pain to find this place! Let me back up a second. I recently went to the screening room for a wonderful documentary showing about human trafficking. While the topic in quesiton that night was certainly not 'wonderful,' the room, the set-up, the discussion and presentation of the topic was very well done; given the intimate-single screen nature of the Melwood Screening Room, this venue was definitely perfect for that showing. So I truly appreciate that Filmmakers has provided a place for people to show documentaries like that one, as well as a variety of other films that you wouldn't find on the mainstream silver screen. There's even a concession stand right outside the little room that Filmmakers operates, and it's not too shabby, either.I can't say I totally outright love the screening room though. The cost of an intimate viewing area is a lack of personal space; while the seats offer plenty of legroom, they offer very little distance between the people themselves. It kind of creates claustrophobic anxieties for me - nothing major, but still. Also, I really wish it was easier to actually find the Screening Room for first-time attendees. The elevator I had to use was tucked away and unmarked; it took me 15 minutes to find someone in the building who could point me to it. I'm just glad I found someone who could help me and that I made it to the showing on time...My final verdict: this screening room is definitely an a-ok place to spend an evening and is local treasure in its own right, as is Filmmakers itself; despite the drawbacks I'd come back around for a big-deal showing, for sure - I pity the newcomers who have as much trouble finding the room as I did, though.
5	This is such a hidden treasure nestled in the North Oakland neighborhood and has a great reputation of showing small independent and foreign films, as well as older movies (i.e., It's a Wonderful Like at Christmastime) and cult classics. Additionally, I love their film kitchens once a month, which showcase local talent and work by students at the Filmmakers School (which resides in the same building on Melwood).  Who can say no to watching locally made shorts for $5 with free pizza and beer beforehand? There really is a great little community of filmmakers here that I have to say I'm envious that I'm not apart of. However, for a few bucks a couple times a month (even cheaper with a Pitt or CMU ID), I can spend a fun little night enjoying one of the films at a place that I would actually argue is on of the cultural touchstones of the city.
4	On the second Tuesday of every month, they hold Film Kitchen at this location. It is a great local midweek activity! It only costs $5 and it is a really fun evening. From 7-8pm, they have a reception where they have Spak Bros. pizza being served along with beer, soda and other beverages, at no extra cost to you!On the night I attended, they showed the films of 3 artists. The first one consisted of three 5-minute films by one filmmaker, that was followed by two 20-30 minute short films by others. After each film, they have a short Q&A session with the filmmakers. The films were not neccesarily related by a theme in any way, but it was a great way to support independent art and a fun experience overall! I'll definitely be going back!
4	I visited this theater this past Fri. to see a screening of Code Black, a documentary directed by an ER doc who went to med school at Pitt and then moved to LA for his residency, and now works at Cornell.  Although I very much enjoy documentaries, this was the first time I'd seen one screened at a venue like this, since I'm accustomed to watching them on DVD.  The theater itself is located on the second level of the Pittsburgh Filmmakers building--just enter through the front door and take the stairway to your right (or follow the signs with arrows!).  General admission is $8, and included a screening plus Q & A with the filmmaker afterwards.  I purchased some candy from CVS ahead of time, so I didn't really pay attention to the concessions, although I did see several people with small bags of popcorn.The theater itself is pretty basic--no stadium seating, Dolby surround sound, or IMAX here--but then again, that's not why you come to a venue such as this.  You come to watch some interesting and thought-provoking films, and it's one of the few places in town that offers them.  Code Black is a great film, and I'd highly recommend it, esp. if you work in the medical profession.  It did a great job of showing the struggles ER depts. in county hospitals that serve the general public face, without being overtly political re: the Affordable Care Act, which I appreciated as someone who prefers documentaries with more balanced or nuanced messages (I'm not much of a fan of Michael Moore and his ilk).  The Q & A provided a great opportunity to hear the director discuss the making of the film, which was illuminating to me, as someone who's admittedly unfamiliar with filmmaking.This venue is a nice alternative to the multiplexes for those interested in a less mainstream and more thought-provoking cinematic experience.  I hope to check out the other theaters owned by PGH filmmakers downtown and in Regent Square soon.
