5	I've been going to Town Center Dental for 6 years now.  Dr. Devore is one of the best dentists I've had in Vegas.  When I first moved here in '93 I bounced around dentists because I couldn't find one.  I found one for a few years, but then he retired.6 yrs ago a colleague at work recommended Dr. Devore.  I tried him out and my family has been seeing him ever since.  He is a really nice guy who really cares about his patients.  I've recommended him to several people and they all love him.  A+++ in my book.
1	Going to TCD was the longest, most miserable, painful experience in my life. I went to replace a bridge and 3 crowns. Trobough left me in painful, ill-fitting temporaries for around 4 months, resulting in an incisor that went necrotic and then needed a root canal.He also performed another root canal without informed consent and without adequately protecting the remains of the tooth. I lost 30 lbs and couldn't eat solid food for months. The teeth he finally created had gaps between the gums and the edge of the teeth and were too long resulting in all my front teeth becoming so loose that I almost lost all of them. They would actually move over 2mm with a gentle push.He saw this and did nothing for months, even with my teeth becoming necrotic and the continuous infections. He seemed happy to just keep doing root canals. To this day I still can't bite properly.He also allowed his dental assistants to cement crowns and bridges in without supervision and without checking for proper bite afterwards which also constitutes dental malpractice and is against Nevada law.What can I say about Trobough? In my opinion and from my experience he is an incompetent, greedy, miserable human being.In almost two years he still hasn't handed over my med file after being required to do so by law and after being legally served with a demand.  I have also filed a complaint with the Dental Board of Examiners to obtain that file.All he could say was, "Sorry I couldn't make you happy". Never apologized once for the damage, infections and weeks of lost work his malpractice caused.
5	Just went for my 6 month cleaning and checkup today.  Everything went smooth and my Dental Hygienist, Sonya, did a great job as usual.  Will be back in 6 months!
4	I have been going to them for over 5 years now. I had a lot of cavities and they corrected all my problems and kept my teeth in nice shape ever since. They are mostly professional and friendly. Their prices are kind of higher than other dentists so I recommend not going there without dental insurance or a discount card.
5	I LOVE this place. Everyone is really friendly and very comforting. Has wisdom teeth taken out and experienced NO pain or discomfort. I was not put under and did not need to, everything went smooth and painless. Every time I have gone there, it has been enjoyable and the best dentist experience. Dr. Devore is a really great dentist and even better person.
5	Dr. Devore is a life saver!  The snore-guard he made for me has STOPPED my snoring!!!  It was so bad my other half often had to leave the room to get some sleep, but not anymore.  Very effective treatment that will last a lifetime.Dr. Devore has done quite a few things to make my smile just perfect.  The care and personal attention he provided throughout the process was amazing, and I could not be happier with the results.  I've never had a more caring dental treatment anywhere.  All who work at Town Center Dental are extremely professional and courteous.   What a great team they have going there.
5	I grew up in Las Vegas and moved out to California over six years ago. I still come back to Town Center Dental to see Dr. Devore and his staff when I need dental care. They are just THAT exceptional. Both Dean and Sonya are gental and kind hygienists.  The clinical staff including Dr. Devore will also take the time to answer my questions and they provide samples and goodie bags of their dental products to try. I have even received personal follow up calls to see how I was doing after visits. Great care and great service in one center!
5	Dr. Badalamenti and his office are the best.  I was in Las Vegas on business and a temporary crown came out on a back molar.  I was mortified and up very upset, how could I see customers or even talk or eat?  I did some calling around and was directed to his office by a stroke of luck.  Within an HOUR I was sitting in a chair chatting with the technician, waiting for Dr, Badalamenti.  He was awesome and amazing, and I LOVED him.  I wish I lived in Las Vegas, am considering flying in to get my check ups, and there are no words to express my gratitude or relief at finding him.  He was warm, personable, funny and GOOD.  I want to just say thank you to him and his whole staff for making a total stranger feel so welcomed and for taking such great care of me.  What could have been a disaster was not and I am constantly amazed at the kindness of strangers.
2	Dr Badalamenti and his dental staff do awesome work, but his billing staff is highly incompetent. They do not do any preauthorization and shoo you in for an immediate appointment. They tell you how much your insurance will pay, then do not submit claims correctly and bill you months later for amounts they said insurance will pay, but then they don't.My advice for prospective patients is be careful,you will wind up with huge out of pocket expenses.My advice for the owners is, fix the problem before all your patients leave you.  It takes months to get an appointment with a hygienist, but by coincidence the dentist can see you today or tomorrow.
