1	If I could do it all over again, I would have not bought my current home simply because it is ran by Associated Community Management (ACM).  I do realize that all HOA's tend to "nit-pick" when it comes to violations so that is something I expect with ACM, however their customer service is absolutely horrible. If you have a question about your violation or want to speak to the community manager, there is absolutely no way to get in touch them. The customer service representative I spoke with over the phone told me that all inquiries must be submitted in writing. I e-mailed and faxed a request to have a manager call me and never once did I receive a call. In addition, they continued to send me violation notices and eventually called me to a hearing! These notices told me what my violation was but did not tell me what I needed to do to remedy the situation. The one time they did mail me something it was sent via certified mail so, of course, the mail carrier could not leave it at my door since I work during the day. I am absolutely dumbfounded that in this day in age with the internet, smart phones, and social media, that it was completely impossible to talk to someone at ACM that could help me with my situation.In all seriousness, if you are looking to buy a home and you find out that it's ran by ACM, I would strongly reconsider putting in an offer to your Realtor. Look somewhere else as life is just too short to deal with a management team as poorly ran as ACM.
1	Review synopsis: Don't buy a home that is managed by the HOA Associated Community Management or Crimson Heights Association; they will make your living situation a nightmare!Absolutely the worst company I have ever dealt with!  Poor customer service typically doesn't bother me; I can just shrug it off and move on.  However, dealing with Associated Community Management is a completely different story.  The specific association my home is in, is called Crimson Heights Association, which is ran by ACM.  So here's the story:  I bought my house in 2009 and everything was fine, then I started getting letters saying that I was receiving fines from a violation that the previous owner had!!  Then I kept on getting more and more violations, which meant more and more fines.  I would correct one violation (such as weeds or a dead plant) then wait months until it was cleared from my account, all the while collecting more fines.  Then in 2012 we decided to short sell our house because it was way underwater and we were moving out of Las Vegas.  By that time, the fines totaled $2,500, yes, I said $2,500!!  Completely ridiculous.  I emailed them in February of 2012 asking how to get the $2,500 removed from my account.  They said to correct all of the violations currently on my account then they would have the board remove the fines.  So I corrected the violations and emailed them shortly there after.  What ensued was a complete nightmare.  They didn't remove the fines, instead, they just kept on giving me more violations.  I would correct one then they would give me another one.  I kept on asking them to remove the fines, but they never dead.  Audra Collins just kept on saying that the board would look at and she would let me know when they do it.  One time I sent a picture to prove that I removed the playground from the previous owner that was in the back yard, then they responded to me by saying that I needed to add rocks to my backyard because it wasn't nice enough!  It is currently April 2013, 1 year and 2 months later, and I am still trying to get them to remove the fines.  There is an email chain of 28 email that keeps getting longer because I keep on asking when the fines are going to be removed.  All I get are responses saying they will let me know, but they never let me know!Arrggggggg!
1	I have to agree with Allan. If you have questions don't bother calling because they will never answer. The only way iv made contact was by email. I keep all my phone records by calling them just to show proof in the long hall. They must like the sound of there ringer because they sure as hell don't ever pick up.
1	Absolutely the worst HOA ever so I agree with all the previous reviews. Totally unresponsive after they send you vague violation notices and they seem to want to just cowtow to the Board that just hired them. Avoid any community managed by this group.
1	Worst company out there. I live in a community managed by ACM and it's a joke. They are rude and anytime you have a problem or complaint and call about it you will start getting letters saying that there are problems with our own property, in my case the letters were addressed to me but the pictures were of different properties not of mine. When I called to tell them it wasn't my house they treated me like I was lying. They've lost a money order I sent, and were never able to find it so I was out the payment and had to pay it again. I've lived in this community for years and our entire community is in agreement that we have the worst HOA management company ever. In fact the first time we ever received a "community newsletter" from them was after our entire community received a letter from another home owner who wants to be voted onto the board so that we can find a new management company. In the 6 years prior we've only received our annual financial disclosure, meeting information, and plenty of "violation alerts". I'm looking forward to having a better HOA management company, and I'm sure now that I've posted a review I'll get new violations for all sorts of imagined things, or problems on other properties, but that's ok. I'm getting smart about it and now keep a copy of everything I do and they do in return in a file marked HOA Management harassment so that my attorney can handle it. I'm just going to keep letting their harassments and incorrect violations and mistakes add up.
1	I wish I could give it 0 stars but yelp won't let me. Like everyone else posting here, I would emphatically encourage anyone to avoid a home managed by ACM. Audra Collins and ACM are completely unresponsive. No one takes responsibility. On Sept 17, 2014, they sent me a bill for a coach light they say they replaced in 2010 and 2012. This was the first notice I'd received (my elderly father lived in the house and apparently didn't tell me) and it included a late fee! After numerous attempts at phone calls and emails I finally emailed the "manager" Audra Collins and gave her a truthful analysis of her business including the assessment that she was a fool. She used that as an excuse to decline to answer any of my very legitimate questions.There are other property management companies out there and it has just become my mission to have the HOA discharge this one. If you are making housing decisions avoid anyplace managed by these fools.
