2	Oh how I miss the days when China Village was good. Don't even bother going here now. The meat is hard to chew threw, the fryer way too hot, and every dish uses the same bland brown sauce. The orange chicken was the dish I always got, but the poor thing as been reduce to a plate of grizzly, overly deep fried, dog meat with some orange sauce on top. Trust me. Don't waste your money here. I'm actually surprised they are still open!
4	We just stumbled into this place on a trip to Phoenix last weekend.  Maybe it's a matter of taste in view of the other review on this page,  but we thought this place serves GREAT Chinese, with excellent attentive service and excellent prices, (although I'm used to LA prices and Phoenix is generally more economical across the board.)  We opted for  the fixed menu dinner, which we usually do not do, and the selections were very good.  The moo-shu pork was my favorite, although the rest of the dishes were also outstanding. There is a wonderful garlic chicken dish.  They put a little hibachi on the table so we could cook our own little skewers of beef.  We liked the very hearty soup. I did not notice any of the downside aspects noted in the other review.  The outside is not much to look at, just a rather plain free-standing building, but the interior decor is right out of the 50's, like the old style Cantonese places back then.  They play quiet Chinese music in the background, a nice touch that enhances the experience.  Plenty of parking and a bar if you like that sort of thing.  Thanks for a great evening, China Village !UDATE:  Dropped in again a few months later- just to see if the quality stayed up- and it was as good as before.  They even recognized us from months earlier.  We had the fixed menu dinner for six and they were very cooperative in making some changes based on our tastes.  Thanks again..  China Village.
4	Love this place. What can I say and it is not because of the fact that I can walk to it. Now granted the only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because of the fact that it desperately needs a remodel. The food is excellent and the service is seriously so good, you almost want to tuck one of your little Asian servers in your pocket and take them home with you and make them an indentured servant of some sort or slave.But on a serious note, this is one of those hidden little gems you almost don't want to yelp about due to the fact that you don't want a ton of people to find about it and ruin it.
3	So far its the best Chinese food I've had in East Valley.  So far...I got the General's chicken and my friend go the sweet and sour pork.  They seem to over-fry, the chicken and pork morsels in the dishes were a little tough and the fried wanton had a dark-gray center.  But I could see the potential in the sauces.  If only they would control the fryer a little, it would be almost excellent..The prices look pretty decent.  I'm going to try Jade Palace next and see how they compare to pick my go-to place!
5	We have eaten at china village and had their takeout for 15 years.  Love it. Mu shu is fun to eat in. Kung pao is good too. We can eat in with wheelchair access no problem. The bar is not in use, but I wish it was.  It is tiki room cute.  Very vintage look.  Mai tais are cool.
4	Thus far, this is the best Chinese restaurant I've found since moving here from Chicago.  If you're looking for something more on the authentic side, you'll have to keep searching... but if you seek Americanized Chinese food, it's pretty good.  Your best bet is having one of their lunch specials which features an egg roll, a fried wonton, egg fried rice, plus entree for $7-8.  The portions for it are generous and the food is made to order and fresh.  I have also been to this establishment for dinner with a couple of my friends eating family style and everything we had was rather tasty.  Although the decor is outdated and reminds me of a stereotypical 80s Chinese restaurant, what they lack in decor they make up for in service.  Their staff is friendly, patient, and kind.  They even recognized my friends since they've been there a few times now, which is always a plus.Only disappointment for me is their lack of Cantonese style chow mein and chow fun.  Now if only I could find a place with amazing fresh chow fun... The search continues!
5	We are new to Yelp so I have never left a review, but it has been so helpful to us in the recent past, I feel compelled to start. I'm new to the neighborhood, so a good Chinese restauraunt is an important find. I was really happy with our experience with China Village the other night. We've been doing a lot of take out lately, and it's been hit and miss ( except with my Yelp leads), but the whole experience was satisfying. We called at 9:30pm and yet the food was  fresh and the gal was very friendly. We just had basic Beef Brocolli, Lemon Chicken, Sweet/Sour Pork & Chicken Fried Rice, but it was very satisfying. And when I asked for hot mustard, they gave us the good stuff in little cups, not packets.  Their dishes have a distinct flavor that is very good, not overwhelming at all, but not just the same old...
4	Another fine dinner at China Village.  I ordered Ma-Po bean curd for dinner.  I had enough to share with my dinner mate.  The service was excellent as usual.  The hostess was very concerned that my group enjoyed their dinner.
3	Good Chinese food, great value -- especially for lunch.  China Village is one of my regular haunts for Chinese food when I'm in the neighborhood.  The building may look run-down, but the food and service are good.
4	I went to this place cause I was just looking for something good to eat because my favorite pho spot was closed. The hostess is really nice, and the servers seem really nice and funny also. I like my food very spicy, so I ordered their general chicken as spicy as they could make it. The waiter asked "how spicy 1-10, or do you want 12...?" semi jokingly. I got the 12, he was calling it Presidents dad's chicken, (I guess they call the 10 presidents chicken). This stuff was SOOO spicy, exactly what I wanted/needed. They kept refilling my water because they knew it was going to be drained quickly. Definitely recommend this spot for anyone that really enjoys spicy food.
4	A great sit down restaurant where the food is delicious, the staff is nice and the prices are awesome.It's the type of place that serves delicious, neighborhood style food. The flavors are wonderful. It's one of those places that start you off with hot tea, which I love! The lunch specials are super cheap. You can probably eat here for less that some place like Panda Express and you'll get better food!The other things about Chinese restaurants in the decor. Usually it is 80s-esque decor with a pastel palette, luckily this place isn't like that. Hey, it's still not New York Chic, but it's not a disaster either.
4	China Village is a time-warp kind of place, where red and gold predominates,the booths are comfy and private and exotic cocktails like Mai-Tais and Scorpions still exist. Sure it's Americanized Chinese food, but like the classic places(R.I.P. China Doll, Autumn Court)it has a certain charm.Add to this a nice selection of unusual dishes, good assortment of vegetarian selections and yes, even a daily Happy Hour! The staff is wonderful, bordering on the comedic. I love Tangerine Orange Beef, and they make it well. It's hard to not eat the leftovers(portions are huge and reasonably priced)a few hours later. And the next day for lunch. It's that good.
5	Ok First time here today, Food was awesome staff was way cool and the lady that processed my credit card was hilarious lil old lady haha this is definitely the closest to NY - NJ Chinese i have had in a while im definitely going back to this place when i want food on the go Thanks China Village
5	been eating here 12 years , great service ,food, pricing, unfortunetly there is always one loser who doesnt know  good food it it slapped him in the face!
5	5 stars for customer service. This is our go-to place for Chinese take-out after having tried a bunch of places in our area. The food is consistent, standard Chinese-American, always hot, with fresh veggies. Tonight, though, I was prompted to write a review. I am vegetarian and my husband is a little picky, and as such I made asked for some substitutions to our order. I ordered Mooshoo vegetable with no egg (my preferece) and veggie fried rice with added tofu and no mushrooms (hubbie's preference after finding a rogue mushroom last time). Also ordered a few other items.5 minutes later, China Village called back to double-check that I also didn't want egg in the fried rice since I had asked for it in the mooshoo. I thanked him for asking, and no, we did not want any egg in the rice. I went to pick up the order, and the sweet little lady at the counter told me that that also made sure to take the mushrooms out of our soup, since she was worried that we couldn't eat mushrooms and didn't want us to worry about finding them. They did not have to pay such close attention to details, and I wouldn't have complained if none of these things had occurred. But because they went the extra mile, my appreciation was far greater than my dissatisfaction would have been. Support this place and show them that customer service still means something!
5	China Village, I would like to award you 5 stars. My boyfriend and I are in love with you. Absolutely our go-to Chinese restaurant. Why do I love it so much? Well... The service is fantastic. Especially this one gentlemen that works there, that always seems to be wearing a bow-tie. He is friendly and funny, and I get excited whenever we are seated in his section. With that said, I don't want to take away from the other people that work there, because they are all awesome too. I am yet to have a sub-par experience with the staff.They start you off with complimentary hot tea and water. It's good tea too. It's unsweetened, but if you are like my boyfriend and need it sweet, there is sugar available of course. However, I like it as is.The food itself is wonderful. The first time I went, I had a spicy shrimp dish, served with steamed white rice. It had the perfect amount of kick, and there was just enough to fill me up and and then some to take home to enjoy later. My personal favorite dish though is the beef and broccoli. Definitely a classic, but the broccoli is always the perfect texture, and the sauce is so rich and the beef is always great  for this dish. Usually we get the dinner combination that comes with a bowl of soup (also good), a crab puff, a chicken wing, and an egg roll. I usually trade my boyfriend the eggroll for the chicken wing, because they are each of our favorites. This place is great for a weeknight dinner out..... Well, really any dinner out, I'm gonna be honest. Or lunch for that matter. Actually, whenever you want to eat out, just go here :)
5	Best Chinese place and the friendliest service. Yummy Mu shu chicken, rolled up vor you at the table. Inded , yhe service with the bowtie is a great assest (isn't he the owner?). Also, this is a place that listens when you request spicy. Just because you're white, a lot of restaurants will adjust the spicyness, not here they'll a comodate the customers wishes.
5	I can't tell you how many times I have driven past this place without giving it a second thought.  Today, I happened to be in the area and was craving a quick Chinese lunch.  This is one of the friendliest places around, and the subtle aroma of fresh Chinese food wafts toward you as you enter.Seated immediately, I waited less than a minute for ice water and hot tea.  I chose the General chicken.  Spicy, crispy, full of flavor accompanied by crunchy egg roll and wontons.  That hit the spot!  Oh the soup was good too.  Service was attentive but not hovering. Got out of there for eight bucks....score!
4	Finally, after 3 years in Phoenix we find great Chinese food. I had the Peking Duck which was excellent. My wife had the spicy shrimp dish and my kids the orange chicken- all very good. Love that they start you off with hot tea. The service is super friendly and my kids had a great time. Inside is totally old school so if you are looking for new and trendy, this isn't it. Prices are super low too and you will not go away hungry. We'll be back.
2	After all the good reviews I have to say I was disappointed. Anything fried was overdone, and the chicken and veggie dish was overpriced and bland. The customer service was great, but the food was expensive and sub-par.
4	Little dingy inside, but the food was tasty. Not the best chinese food I've had, but the best I've had in Phoenix thus far.
3	I am loving my new neighborhood Chinese joint, China Garden. I am giving them 5 stars for tasty food at a great price with very excellent accomodating service (not grading for ambiance- just be aware that the dining roomis pretty outdated but still comfortable). Where else can you go for Chinese food for dinner and get a dinner special for $12 or less that includes soup and three appetizers. While we were there our waiter also brought out some little extras to try including the special of the day as well as a fresh baked macaroon. Yum!Update 9/2013 Ok, Chaina Village is still pretty cool but after trying a few more items on the menu I am less impressed by the ingredients as time goes on. Pretty sure they are using canned rather than fresh veggies and their meat is eh. Still tasty but not ideal.
5	Not so hidden gem indeed!  Flashback to 1980?  Right.  Fantastic service? Check!  What is better than drinking zombies and letting the sweet sounds of Billy Ocean flow over you?  Killing Zombies or actually being by the ocean.  But alas we are in a parking lot in 115 degree heat in Phoenix Arizona.China Village is wonderful, one of the few places I would take an out of towner to.  Always solid food and prices.  Have not been let down yet!  Go China Village!  Woohoo! As good as it gets!      (in phoenix Arizona)
3	Ambient - Casual dining.  Inside Retro 70s. dim lighting.Service - Its okay.  The only fall back is that the servers only speak a little bit of english, and at times well what you get is what you get. I guess in part it adds to the authenticity of the chinese food. :-)Food - its good.  I've had their lemon chicken, orange chicken, kung pao shrimp.  all of them pretty tasty.  I enjoy their hot tea, although if you are going to drink something else you have to let them now, because sometimes they only bring the hot tea and that is it.
5	VERY COOL PLACE. It looks like its right out of bladerunner or pulp fiction. The service is probably the best on the planet. The food is probably not the best but. The people are very  nice. Order the moo shoo Its cool how the Waiter puts it together at your table. He calls it "Chinese burrito"  I also like the garlic shrimp but its very garlicky.
1	we ordered three entrees for delivery. it took about forty five minutes and then the delivery guy proceeded to argue with my boyfriend over how much he should tip him. after finally handing over the greasy box with our food in it, we were disgusted to see some form of batter and seeds that should have been my sesame chicken. it was ominously labeled "HCl." the food was disgusting and I can't believe how rude the delivery guy was. we paid 35 dollars for nothing but disappointment. buyer beware. we certainly won't be back here.
2	This was a big disappointment, especially since this got a good review in the Arizona Republic. Can't quite figure that one out.   I like "old time" Chinese food...but this really missed the mark big time. I love egg foo yung and order it in two of our favorite Chinese restaurants...this was like a wet sponge, with the consistency of oatmeal.  Never had anything like this before.  The restaurant is in need of a makeover and is very outdated.  I can see keeping the charm of an older restaurant...but this really needs a facelift. The employees were very nice and helpful...but there is definitely a breakdown in the language barrier.  There are definitely better choices if you like old time traditional Chinese fare.
4	Hands down my favorite Chinese place I've been to in Phoenix. I've gone through soooo many bad Chinese places in the Valley per recommendations from people who obviously have no idea what good Chinese food tastes like.  I had pretty much given up. I was beyond happy to find this place. The service is fantastic. The staff is sweet, friendly, and often humorous. We've celebrated a birthday here and the staff was kind and accommodating. The food is delicious. The egg drop soup and lo mein are my favorites, but I enjoy everything I eat here honestly.  The prices are great and the food is fresh and they have happily provided adjustments to our orders if we didn't want certain ingredients.  It's not "traditional" it's definitely Americanized food, but it's a complete delight.
4	Super friendly service. My girlfriend and I went here after the Cardinals game. I ordered the hot and sour soup which was great and general chicken. I didn't really care for the suace on the general chicken but that is just me. I would definatley go back and try another dish. Its much more inviting on the inside then it looks.
5	We've been going to this restaurant for about 2 years now. As a little background story, it is family owned and operated. The family immigrated to the US but first spent some time in Vietnam, thus the Vietnamese dished on the menu in addition to the Chinese. The place is indeed a bit antiquated in decor but it really makes up for it in food-flavor. The best way to enjoy this place is to go there with a few people and eat the food family-style. Sometimes you get to sit in the big booth table with the lazy-Susan. The last time I was there, I sat with a group of 7 people and each person ordered a different dish. My favorites are the House-Chicken which is a lightly battered and fried, and then they pour a light sweet-soy type sauce over it. The hot and sour soup is also very tasty. You can order it extra spicy if you want. It has all kinds of veggies, and shrimp, pork and tofu as well. Another good choice is the fried rice they make: pork or house fried rice are quite delicious. Oh and I almost forgot the walnut shrimp. OMG! DELICIOUS!!!!!!! My pregnant sister can't have enough of that.The servers sometimes make fruit drinks that they hand out with crushed ice. I'm not sure if we get those because they know us or just because. We usually have water to drink so I can't comment on soda-pricing. The waiters/waitresses have accents because they were not born in the US. Some people should just get over that. I've been telling other friends about this place and I'll expect to go there again in the next few weeks.
5	Place has been here for decades. I've never had a bad meal here, and the wait staff are very very friendly. The food is excellent and they have the best hot and sour soup I've ever had!
5	Best Chinese in Phoenix!! 10 times better than china chili... The egg rolls are authentic and very good
5	We were visiting from Los Angeles and craving some authentic Chinese food and the China Village did not disappoint us. The food was delicious!Highlights:- The roast duck was succulent, the skin was light and crispy and the meat very tender. - Lychee martinis were a blast.- Food service was quick and staff was friendly
4	We love coming here. Hole in the wall feel, but the prices are reasonable and the food is very good. They make little improvements to the decor as they can. The place is clean and the staff are very friendly. I can't find anything not to like.
5	The food is delicious!!!! My family and I all got a dinner special it  comes with soup spring rolls chicken wings... a lot of food for like 13 bucks a person! Everyone is so friendly very chill atmosphere. I am definitely coming back.
5	This place is delicious.   The food is great and so is the service. The lunch special is a really good deal as well. I would recommend the Kung Pa chicken.  It comes out piping hot.  The location id great near Biltmore.
4	Best Chinese (American style) food that I have had in Phoenix. I live in Tempe, but I find myself driving out here to have some spare ribs, sweet and sour pork, chow mein, and hunan chicken. Such a delight in this desert where Chinese food is... not great. It's a bit of a wait sometimes once you order, but definitely worth the wait.
5	My all-time favorite Chinese place in Phoenix. Been here over 20 times and never had a bad experience. The food is always spot on. The staff is friendly. Just a great place to go for lunch/dinner or even to go. Get the Schezuan Eggplant my favorite. I am a vegetarian so I get it without pork, which they have no problem modifying. Unlike Autumn Court down the street that threw a fit when I wanted no pork, something about it being a chef special! LOL. They also have AWESOME mai tais.
3	Nice Little FindFound this location based on fellow "yelpers" recommendation for egg drop soup and the yelpers were right, of course,  this egg drop soup could be the best in town. China Village has great lunch prices.   Seating is always  prompt, service quick and the staff is very personable.The food is good,the portions are big and the service is awesome. Food is always hot and ready fast.  If you go a couple times,they remember you.Really good place for a quick bite.
5	Last Friday, I wanted some Chinese food (american-for those who want to know) so me and my bf decided to hit this place up due to it having a high rating. Boy, was it good!When they seated us, we were served promptly with hot tea and water (I asked for hot tea but she told me they automatically give it to us) the tea was delicious. I ordered the house special chicken and bf ordered Thai chicken which was the special of the day. Mine was really tasty and he enjoyed his too. Very well portioned for lunch. Didn't leave us hungry or bloated. We will come back! Also, our waiter was very nice and funny.
1	Stay away.  It is dreadful.  Starting with the greasy apps and on to the Thai Chicken made with frozen French fries.   when I asked the manager he said because fresh potatoes take to long to cook.  Really??
5	Excellent food and service. They stay open till 9:30 pm and are very accommodating. We had almond chicken, chicken fried rice, beef broccoli, and sweet & sour chicken. We all enjoyed our meal. I recommend this place to eat.
5	I was in town -- will be moving there soon -- and looking for some good Chinese food. I haven't had any in years. Anyway, I spotted China Village and decided to give it a try, and am so happy I did. Hot tea is brought without having to ask for it (just like they all used to do!), and the food was great. Plus, the people were absolutely delightful! Wonderful service and so friendly. I can't wait to go back!
4	Chinese isn't usually my first choice when I'm having a meal out on the town... but I'd go back to this place for sure. (Now that I'm seeing some of the reviews, I'm wishing I tried the egg drop soup. But there's always a next time!)Hubby ordered the Tangerine Beef (breaded meat in a thick brown sauce with a slight kick of spice)... I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken (thinly sliced chicken in a sauce that isn't as thick with peanuts and green onions). Both were great. We also ordered the Bo Bo plate for two... which is a fun way to try several apps in one. You also get hot tea and plenty of perfectly-cooked, sticky white rice with your meal. We spent less than $40 with the tip... and we both left happy with two boxes of leftovers. (So if you don't want leftovers... definitely share!)We had to laugh at the music. It had to be Disney princess songs in Chinese.... or some sort of compilation of love ballads. Totally cheesy... but worth it for the food. And, the staff was lovely. Very attentive, definitely authentic, and sweet as can be.I haven't yelped in years, honestly... but this little spot (combined with some free time I haven't had in awhile) prompted me to log in and write a review!
5	Really enjoyed this place. Great food and friendly staff. Food was great! The sweet and sour pork was crispy and the sauce was delightful! My favorite part of the night was devouring the Ragoons. They had such an amazing flavor to them! Good price, Good food, Good people!
5	This place is fantastic I had the moo shoo pork dinner special that included the four sample side dishes. Great friendly staff, I'll be back for more for sure.
