5	I followed my hairdresser Annie over to her new salon because I love being able to trust my stylist and be able to walk out happy! Annie really does know what she is doing! The location is amazing and I love how it is part hair salon part vintage store (that way I can shop after I get my hair done). ;)
5	My first thought when I walked into Rebel last weekend was Whimsical!! Unique vintage eye candy like art, funky furniture, lighting, old books ... weird vintage stuff AND a hair salon!?!?   I tried to take it all in but I knew I could not. I could not stop looking at everything even while sitting in Annie's chair to get my hair cut. I even fell in love with the bathroom!!!!  Its hard to believe that Annie has been doing my hair for 7-8 years...maybe longer. Annie is THE color expert!!!  She has taken my naturally dark hair and made me platinum blonde, blonde with pink, blue or purple and back to rich dark natural colors. Not only is she a color expert, her hair cuts are worth every penny. She has cut my hair when it was long, then short and  now creatively cutting it to help me ease back into long hair. The best thing about Annie is she will explain in detail what it will take to achieve the color and style you want. She definitely knows her science and helps me understand how to care for my hair. I love that Miles and Annie opened this local business, I can proudly support, brag and refer people to!  I love it and cant wait to go back!! Thank you Ladies for having artistically, hardworking, creative goal driven minds! Thank you for being strong women! Thank you for making your dreams reality so you can share it with the rest of us!
5	Two awesome places in one!  Rockin' unique vintage on one side of the store and on the other a great salon!  Annie in the salon is a master in her craft.  I've followed her for years now and it's awesome that she was able to open such a visionary store.  Her services are top notch.  She specializes in color but is awesome at haircuts, blow-outs and even the updo for your big day! There are lots of interesting, and rare vintage pieces, not to mention the up and coming pieces from local artists that are showcased every month.  That alone is reason enough to stop in and see what's new (or old)!
5	The vintage side of this business is well stocked and priced. A perfect place to find unexpected treasures and keep the budget happy. If you are looking for something in particular, chat with Miles she is a wealth of knowledge within this industry.  Annie C. over in the salon has been my fearless hairdresser for about 10 years now. And by fearless, I mean competent, confident and talented. I have gone to her and said "do whatever you want to my hair" and she knew exactly what she wanted to do without question. She has changed me from blonde to red, then brunette and started all over again. (And my hair isn't falling out!)  I would never go anywhere else.
5	This place is amazing! Every time I go I am welcomed with a smile and my hair comes out looking great. This is such a inviting place with great conversation, and the vintage side is great I actually got my new record player here and the vinyl selection is cool!
5	Annie knows how to cut a guy's hair!  After going to the same stylist at AZ Hair Company for 10+ years I figured it was time to try something different.  After trying a few different places and walking out unimpressed, I visited Annie @ Rebel, told her what I liked and didn't like about my hair and 30 minutes later I walked out feeling like a million bucks.  Highly recommended and they have some very cool stuff for sale in the vintage half of the business.
5	This place is pretty sweet! Cool vintage shop up front and cool salon in the back. Ashley did a great job on my hair!
5	Small but mighty store/salon! What a concept for the Melrose. The staff is friendly and comfortable. Bringing a bit of hip to with a building mural. I frequent the Melrose area...and I would say this store blows away competition on prices and quality. I will definitely pop in to see what treasures show up in the future.
5	Love love love Annie and this badass salon. I found Rebel Salon & Vintage through yelp. I was looking for a salon that looked edgy and hip since I was in search of some funky color for my head. Annie took extra time out of her day to make sure I was happy with my hair. Even though we couldn't make my hair exactly how I wanted, she managed to make it absolutely amazing and whimsical. Maybe even better than I imagined. I recommend Annie and the salon to anyone who is looking for someone who knows color inside and out. Plus you will have a ball chatting it up with her about David Bowie and Dr. Who.
5	Annie is AMAZING! She is seriously a miracle worker and a blast to hang out with while she works her magic on my hair. I have very long, thick hair, which I had colored black for many years. After just ONE color correction appointment with Annie my hair is back to a natural honey brown. I will continue to go back time and time again!
1	This place is on a thin line between thrift store and junkyard. It just doesn't feel clean and no one is very welcoming if you aren't hipster enough. There are so many salons out there that I wouldn't give this one a shot.
