5	who doesn't love a target? i could easily spend $100 if i'm not careful just stopping in for toilet paper or something.i've really been into their clothes, believe it or not. they've got good, nice shirts for work - they look stylish and fit well enough for the price, and you never want to spend a ton on dumb old work clothes anyway.i'll occasionally buy shoes here, only to realize that cheap shoes just hurt your feet, bad idea.not the cheapest place for electronics like TVs, but they have them.
4	This is just like your average Target store. The store is always nice and clean. The items I've come for have always been in stock. Target prices are tough to beat for most items. Plenty of parking is available.The reason this location is marked down for me is the grocey section is much smaller than the location in Tempe Marketplace and one worker there. The rest of the staff has always been nice and helpful.There is also one really rude male register worker. He's been a jerk to me and my wife and both of us on seperate occasions. I'm happy to tell the story if you are really eager to hear offline. He acts like he doesn't want to be there and is not very friendly. If you see a young kid, with an emo type hairdo, save yourself some trouble and go to another line. This location inlcudes a snack bar and the restrooms are clean.
4	This is a great target store. It is clean and well stocked. I can find anything I need or want here. The employees have always been nice and helpful. Everytime I walk into this place I end up spending more than I planned. I could easily spend a great amount of money here if I'm not careful. Go here and get your items. Just hold on to your pocket book.
5	Ummm Target Rocks. Enough Said. Target is my fav place to go for everything...this location is clean and has a good selection of everything.
5	I LOVE TARGET!!!!!  Ok, now that I have that out of my system, lets review why I love this one so much.A) its target and they carry everythingB) thier awesomeC) I want to buy everything in sight, despite the fact that I only came in here to get shampooD) its organized!Aside from parking, this is one of the better targets around, but the parking sucks here, so beware.  Go and shop your heart out...
4	This is a great Target, but to let you know up front they do not have a garden center anymore. After a large remodel a few years ago they expanded the store, gave it a face lift, and removed the garden center. This Target, like most, is light and bright with friendly staff that you can actually find. They are always available to answer any questions, and usually ask you if you need assistance first. They do not have a Starbucks inside, however there is an amazing coffee shop across the street behind the gas station called Steve's Espresso. I highly recommend checking them out before or after your trip to Target.
3	This is a relatively old Target but it was remodeled so its not too bad.  For some reason this one seems to hold onto seasonal items longer than other stores so I will occasionally end up here if the Target by Chandler Mall is sold out of something I need.
1	I do not like this target.  The team members are unhelpful in helping you find the item that you are looking for.  They stand there saying UM we don't carry it, several minuts later I found the Item after the team member flat out lied.  After look for my self I found the item.    Lazy team member in house wares.  TARGETEXPECT LESS,  PAY MORE!
3	I love Target, but this store seemed much smaller than the Target that I am used to frequenting. I suppose it is a good thing in a way, since I rarely walk out of a target without spending at least $100...I was a little sad to see a small selection of just about everything, but I still adore Target and found plenty of cool stuff to entertain me during my shopping trip!I am, however, severely disappointed in their tea selection. Really Target? 5 types? Fail.
4	Always have great stuff in stock, but don't always have enough cashiers!
5	This is a great Target. Lots of parking in the lot with trees ,so you can keep your car nicec and cool in the heat.  They now carry all the food items you could want. Fresh food and meat ,everything.   They have a Pharmacy which has different hours than the store. But,still always open at most times.   Good prices, and lots of nice things...Don't forget to bring your own bag and you get .5cents off on each bag!   Get another 5% off if you have a Target card.
4	This Target gets the job done. Their shelves tend to be in a little disarray, and their makeup selections are generally lacking, but other than superfluous purchases I didn't even need to make, this Target has never let me down.The grocery section is probably the cleanest and best in the store. I love perusing these aisles.Their clothing section is pretty diverse, but because the store is somewhat small, it's packed in tight. It's a challenge to maneuver the area.The biggest perk is its central location to southern Tempe. It's also very rarely busy during the day, which is awesome!
3	Its a Target
3	This review is not for the store, because the store is fine and I like it. Even though there is no starbucks here. It is still a nice store.My review today is for the Pharmacy. What a disaster I had here.  Proving once again that the Target store on 44th street is the very best one to go to for your scripts. I came here on the 4th to drop off 2 scripts to be filled. They did not have one of them and so they would have to order it. Fair enough, I understand that. Great,I will pick them both up on Saturday. They called me on Friday which was very nice to say they did not receive the item and would get it on Tuesday. Thank you for calling me and saving me time. I am very grateful for that. So Tuesday Afternoon I go to Target to get my 2 scripts.Ryan, my cashier finds them, rings them up,I pay, and then he disappears without telling me what is going on and not giving me my scripts.????I am standing at the counter waiting not knowing what exactly is going on. In the mean time, down the other end of the glassed in counter,2 men are leaning over the glass talking to the Female pharmacist.  About what I don't know but, they are not in uniform, so I am guessing they do not work there.Another cashier(female) asks me ,   Have I been helped.     Well ,yes, and I have paid ,but, I do not have my pills and not sure what is going on. She leaves to ask,as now Ryan is also down the other end with the the Pharmacist and the 2 men leaning over the glass portion.One of the men,not in uniform yells down to me, She is changing your pills ,it will just be a min.WTF??  People I never say this, but this was the worst customer service ever and it gets better.  Who is that guy and why does he have his hand in my dealings???Ryan comes back and apologizes for going MIA and explains that they had given me the wrong thing. yeah Ryan for catching that for me. So I really do not blame him. I am grateful that he caught it.Then comes the Pharmacist, Alda,Or something similar. She says have my name then I come up to the counter and she starts yelling at the cash register.It just goes on and on,I don't want to bore you with all the details. All I can say is not professional.    I did not like the entire episode so I won't be getting any scripts there again.  Sorry for so long of a story. But, when it comes to medical of any kind. I want professionalism.
5	Super friendly staff. I will choose this target EXCLUSIVELY in Tempe!
4	This is always our 2nd choice Target. If we cant find something at the TMP location, we come here.The staff here is always friendly, albiet a bit strange. I always kind of feel like this Target is set up differently than other locations. I always for get that theres more to it while walking thru.
