1	There's a reason why I believe Fed Ex (I prefer Fed Ex for many reasons- excellent service, ground shipping is reasonable, and dependability overall) to be superior when it comes to shipping your packages. The experiences here reinforced my belief. (Ok, you've probably seen (or heard about) the recent videos of the delivery drivers throwing the fragile boxes over the fence- it was all over the news last month, during the holidays.)This small store is located near the La Bonita supermarket. My husband went here several times for packing and shipping services. My husband sold some limited edition statues (read: FRAGILE) for his dad. These statues (John Wayne, Laurel & Hardy, The Honeymooners) were collector's items. In addition, they were very heavy. The rep said that his packing of the statues was excellent, and claimed that "The only way these are going to break, is if they get run over by a truck!" Well, he was wrong. It was a big mess. The buyers had to request refunds. My husband had to call this guy up several times, and then he referred them to corporate. I think there was a total of four visits here, and only one statue made it to the buyer without any damage.Needless to say, we are no longer selling fragile items of this nature. After several failed attempts, it's safe to say, we will not be using this shipper anymore. We don't want anymore headaches. It looks bad if you're a seller, and items can't be shipped in a proper manner. It's frustrating because you do your part as a seller, but depend on the shipper for service, but this company cannot deliver its promises.
1	This is an old review, but I am new to Yelp & decided to let others know of my experience at this location. 2 yrs. ago during winter break I was leaving to Milwaukee for 2 weeks, I wanted to ship out my luggages through UPS because I was flying stand by & was only allowed a carry on. I was shipping 2 large boxes, express (obviously cost more). The lady that helped me assured me my boxes would arrive on time, & if they didn't I would be refunded 100% with free shipping (unless weather issues, etc.) But that wasn't the case for me. To try to make this short, my boxes didn't arrive the day it was supposed to arrive. I immediately contacted the store to inform them & to see why I didn't receive them on time (no excuse why I didn't have them). I spoke to the owner Dave, who was very friendly AT FIRST & told me he will have everything figured out by the time I came back home. He got my receipt info down & contact info. In those two weeks he never called me, I called the last week in Milwaukee & he said he was working on it with corporate. I came home, no call still. I at least contacted him 10-15 times & his reply was always, "I'm working on it- give me a few more weeks, I'm having a difficult time with corporate." Eventually, he was becoming very rude when I would call him to get an update, needless to say I went to the store at least 3 times & he couldn't help me. I dealt with this problem for 6 months!! Till one day I decided to go back in the store & get my refund. I made sure to print out the store polices, called my bank & try to dispute that transaction but it was too late. I walked in & spoke to Dave & informed him my bank cannot dispute the transaction & shockingly he started yelling at me he wouldn't sign any papers for me from the bank & will not give me any money, I told him how unsatisfied I was with this service & how poorly his store was doing regarding issues like this. He told me he would refund me my money (which he did) but before he handed me the check he yelled one last time "SHUT UP & LISTEN OR I WILL RIP THIS CHECK!!! Don't you ever come back in my store asking for any service!!" I felt very disrespected! Surely enough though, I got my refund after 6 months, so I came out winning Dave!! Never again have I stepped foot at a UPS store... Fed Ex is the place to go! :-)
1	Under new ownership is not a good thing.  Used this store over 18 years with no problem.Three weeks ago took many UPS packages and some special US mail items to them.All the UPS Packages went fine at the right price and on time.Package to California via U.S.P.S. they charged $17.83 and then they only put $2.75 postage on it.  Was returned to us ten days later.  We went to their store again and was told they would pay to have it delivered the next day.  After getting home we checked the tracking number to find out they did not send it next day.  It did not get there for four more days.1.5 Ounce 1st class conformation requested mail we had them send to Atlanta.  It has been 22 days and still has not arrived and the tracking is stalled on line.  After making calls to the U.S.P.S. we have found that the UPS store sent it media mail, not 1st class and now it can not be found.  We do not have any conformation like we paid for.Sorry, but won't be using them any longer.  Time to find someone new.  Changes are not always for the best.
1	We have used this store for years to find it is under new management! Well we want the old management back, will never go in there again. Needed a notary so we called to make sure that one was on staff and available, got there and they said oh sorry they have been gone about an hour and maybe back in 10 minutes. The store smelled funny and we did not get the warm fuzzies that we felt with the old management, we will not go back and you should find a different one also!
4	I had a more than pleasant experience. The guy was super friendly and helpful. There are so many negative reviews on here for this location, but maybe there is new staff?
