5	I was in Las Vegas for a short vacation and decided to stop into this shop to get a couple new charms for my Pandora bracelet.  The first time I went in, it was a madhouse.  Absolute insanity.  So, I went back a second time a day later.  I found the store empty.  I was met by the friendliest woman and she helped me find everything I was looking for.  I found six charms that I love and the service was impeccable.  Cannot say enough that I recommend this store and its service.
4	This is just like any other Pandora Jewelry shop. The only difference is that they offer the lucky dice. It is actually a charm that was originally retired, however now it can only be picked up in Vegas. I had to pick up two - one for me and one for my mom - that way we can always remember our time in Vegas Baby!
4	Super friendly shop, nice workers. I got the lucky dice. I asked if the shop had anything exclusive to LV and they directed me to some new (boring) winter stuff and the dice. I paid with a card, no hassle there. It's a nice little treat for yourself while you're away on vacation. A lot of what's in this mall is waaaaaay too expensive (a Chanel scarf, 18"x18" = $385) but this is pretty accessible to most Americans.
5	This location is just as nice as the other store located in Honolulu.  I didn't buy anything at this one since our State tax is cheaper back home but such a magical charm store that's sure to please any collector!
5	On Wednesday I went to the Pandora at Fashion Show Mall to buy the dice. The bracelet was a recent BD gift. The very helpful sales woman showed me the newest charm....a silver dangle with the Welcome to Vegas sign!!!  So I bought both!!  She also rearranged my charms to showcase the dice. Very happy with charms and service
4	PROS :friendly stafffull selection of charms/bracelets"lucky dice" charm is availablepaying is easy, they'll swipe your card on the spot instead of at the registerCONS :none to dateTIPS : know what you want before you goOVERALL : Whenever I'm near a mall with a stand alone Pandora store, I usually end up adding to my collection. Mind you, this doesn't happen often as I'm not the type to buy charms willy nilly! Most of mine have been birthday/holiday gifts from the Husband so all have meaning and sentimental value. Anyway!The lady that helped me was friendly and patient as I was undecided between two charms. Once I made up my mind, paying was a breeze. She didn't try to entice me to buy more charms either, which I appreciate. I dislike pushy sales associates! She scanned my card through an iPhone, emailed my receipt to me and I was on my merry way - quick and easy!
4	They have about 6-7 ladies working at this location due to the fact that it is so busy at the forum shops with the trafficking! I can say that I was able to get my very EXCLUSIVE Las Vegas charm here only because you can only buy that in LAS VEGAS! They have a huge selection of charms and bracelets and some exclusive charms too! When I was there they were just releasing their new disney line of charms! Go and get yours now! Just make sure you know what your looking for before heading into the store! I wanted a LV charms and I sure did some out with one exclusively from this location in vegas!
