3	S Bar is a cool martini bar in the South Side that is clean and modern, but lacks the trophy wives (or trophy wives in training) of say the Elixir Ultra Lounge (also in the SS).Atmosphere - A modern martini bar with red lighting and a long sidebar to the left as soon as you walk in the lounge.  The lounge is definitely a little on the narrow side and this makes dancing a little difficult.  The dance area is way in the back.  This layout reminded me very much like Tilt in Charlotte.Service - Prompt and friendly.  Especially when your buddy is hitting on the bartender and she is receptive.  Hot friends rule!Prices - moderate by Pittsburgh standards, normal by Charlotte standards.  I paid no cover to enter @ 12:30 AM on a Friday.Overall - a nice place to hang-out with a cool mixed crowd.S =  Super!
1	If you like yuppies and hipsters, then this is your joint.  If you want a nice place to have a beer where you don't have to take off your hat to be served, keep walking.
4	okay - not going to lie, i LOVE s bar!! yes its cramped but the crowd is just out to have a good time. The dance floor is in the back and the music is always good. we just always have fun dancing here because it doesnt seem like anyone really cares. I cant really compare the atmosphere to anything, just like...typical.
4	S Bar which is located in Pittsburgh's South Side is a pretty decent bar which I always seem to have a good time at. It's hard standing out on a street with over 100 bars but I think S Bar does a pretty good job.The left entrance is crazy narrow though. The last time I walked through there I felt like I was walking through my mother's birth canal or something.  On a crowded evening it could take you a good 5-7 minutes to get through, unless you are me and just push your way through. The drink prices are comparable to all Pittsburgh bars and they offer a VIP bottle service which you can order there or pre-order.The right side opens usually around 11pm and is where the dance floor is. Pack your deodorant because once the people start pushing through it gets crazy hot in their. Like I'm talking sweat dripping off of your clothes hot. At some point you'll need to put down the beer and grab an ice water to hydrate. The music is pretty decent if that's your taste. I will say though I feel like I hear the same exact songs in the same order when I'm there. Luckily for them I'm a fan of Missy Elliot so it's not a big deal, but it I wasn't then I'd knock it down a star.So go to S Bar and get your freak on.
3	Oh god, so this barIs good for shots, like rainbow?*Way too cramped to stay.*I think a bosnian made a group of us take shots of the rainbow... I think(b)
5	Great ambiance and music for our Bachelorettes Party. The only downfall, it gets pretty crowded and hard to maneuver through the thick crowd of people.
5	SBAR is my favorite place to party in southside! It's a great place to celebrate birthdays, bachelor parties, and bachelorette parties with top of the line VIP bottle service. If you're heading out with a group of friends be sure to contact SBAR ahead of time to book a free "happy hour" party from 9-11pm. I have booked several of these in the last few months because my friends love them. The party gets you free cover, drink specials, and even free champagne. The bartenders are excellent and wait time for a drink is minimal regardless of the crowd. A shot girl walks around selling shots that actually have alcohol in them compared to the kool aid shots you will get elsewhere in southside. There's a coat check in the winter, so ladies no need to freeze in the frigid weather. It gets pretty crowded around 11:30 or midnight on Fridays and Saturdays but the dance floor is a blast.  They have some of the best DJs in pittsburgh. The bar side is a little more relaxed and offers a few places to sit and enjoy your drink. Warning: there is a dress code. No hats, no timbs or work boots. It's a slightly more upscale bar/night club in southside so dress accordingly. The crowd is usually diverse. In particular there's everyone from college kids up to adults in their 50's. I have frequently seen several members of the Pittsburgh Steelers partying at S BAR. So it's definitely a place to see and be seen.So definitely head out and join the party at SBAR!
3	A nice place with good music and fun. Was a little turned off by being hassled about having a fedora on. I understand the need for the dress code, but I had on a suit and it seemed to only be one bouncer that had the problem as no one said anything about it when we entered or for the first hour we were there. Will not likely be going back. I don't need to be hassled when I'm dressed well and out for the night.
