5	Great Burgers half pound angus beef........we received a coupon and tried the burgers.......called in a pizza order for delivery........they have a great meat lovers pizza.........they have plenty of other pizzas but we keep reordering the same pizza each time..........Corner of Westcliff & Buffalo.....not many places to eat in that area.....so were lucky to have this one just open up..........They are inside the Bounty Hunter Gaming Lounge.........call they will deliver  684-5888
2	In search for a pizza we hadn't tried before we came across this place online when looking for places near Summerlin-ish area.The website had a menu with prices and freebies depending on the amount you spend.It is inside a bar called "Bounty Hunter". When we walked in there was a stale smell in the air.We ordered pizza and cokes. Since we spent more then $20 we got a free order of "Fried Mushrooms". The Mushrooms were greasy and soggy and rubbery.The Pizza had no flavor. The sauce just tasted like tomato paste and the cheese was very rubbery like the Mushrooms.The server was friendly I do have to say and checked on us often.We wont be back because the food just wasn't up to par and I have experienced much better.Our total for the pizza and cokes was $25.
5	I have ordered twice. The first time I got a cheese burger and fried zucchini. We ordered enough to get two free fountain drinks with our pick up order. The burger was delicious and flavorful. The fried zucchini was crisp and tasty. I recommend both items. This second time we got a cheese and bacon burger, chili burger and beef BBQ sandwich with onion rings and chili cheese fries. The chili cheese fries were huge and a meal on their own. The BBQ beef sandwich was beyond delicious and I would recommend it. The onion rings were crisp and amazing. All around a great deal with 3 sodas for $35 total.The person who was working, Nick, was so nice on the phone and called me before he was almost done so it was fresh when we got it. They also deliver for a small fee, but it is right around the corner so it is easier to just drive. Great food and I look forward to trying their breakfast menu too.
1	My wife and I got a delivery from here.  First, the order took over three hours for delivery.  They had problems with their driver breaking down, which I totally understand as stuff happens, but then it took another hour and half after we checked in for it to get here still.  This put a damper on the mood, yet we tried to stay positive, but then we tried the food.To put it bluntly, and maybe it's because we waited over three hours: it sucked.  The cheesy bread we had gotten wasn't cooked through, it being doughy and there was semi-cooked flour crumbling off.  I understand the concept of hand tossed bread and crusts, like a New York style crust with little bit of flour still on the bottom, but this was just uncooked.  The pizza on the other hand was completely on the other end of the spectrum, where the crust was rock hard and flavorless, as though it was water and flour just mixed together.  Finally, we had gotten some nachos as an appetizer, and it was just crappy nacho cheese sauce, and no exaggeration on crappy.  7-11 has better cheese sauce for their nachos, and theirs isn't that good to begin with, just to give you perspective.  The chips themselves where white flour chips which tasted stale, and the ground burger meat was unseasoned, just raw burger thrown into a pan by itself  **NOTE** Tried the ground burger on the nachos by itself once more just to see if I was more upset and just taking it out, but the burger meat is actually old tasting, like it was out of date.I generally give everyone the benefit of the doubt, but this was so horrible I don't think I'd even try them a second time.  From the service, the cooking, right down to the raw ingredients used, everything was not even sub-par, it was all just completely horrendous.
