4	This new salon is beautiful with a serene yet friendly vibe. There's a 20% off anything sale through July 16, 2011. Due to time constraints, my first visit was quick and I enjoyed the Express Pedicure. Beautiful work! The employees seemed very friendly and they were all speaking English--even just among themselves. Since this shop is new, there's a modern manicure bar where clients and manicurists are sitting at a higher level (check their website for nice photos). You can visit a movie theater, a bar/grill, a cake/cupcake shop, a Chicago-style diner, a nice Italian restaurant, and more in this little center after your visit to Jeniza Nails and Spa.
4	I went here the other day for a gel manicure and a regular pedicure. I typically go to Scottsdale Hand and Foot Spa, but sometimes I just don't want to drive that far so I decided to try a new place. I think Jeniza has been open a few months, but it's definitely newish. Like another reviewer stated, they are running a 20% special right now but their prices are already the lowest I've found for gel manicures ($25) and that includes removal if you already have gel on.They have gelish, shellac, jessica and I think they have OPI axxium as well as a good variety of regular polish colors. I actually was really impressed with their color selection overall. I liked the nail bar, and I always appreciate having sinks and bench seats instead of old school pedicure chairs. It's much more modern and of course more sanitary. My nail tech, Theary, was very sweet and talented, and when I go back there I will definitely request her. The only reason I didn't give five stars is it didn't really have a calming spa atmosphere (bright red decor) and was slightly cramped. Also, I walked in but they were crazy busy. I'll book an appointment next time.
5	I am in the business so I know a GREAT salon/spa when I see one!! This place was so clean and beautiful on the outside as well as the inside! The first thing I noticed was the Shellac sign outside and a great thing as some salons are not even carrying this product so if one is looking for it it's easy to see they carry it! The staff was so friendly and welcoming! I travel a lot and go to a lot of nail salons and it was very refreshing not to have the staff on there cell phones and ignoring you, which is typical for what I see!!   Victoria so so funny and a great manicurist and really enjoyed talking with her clients which is again a great thing to see in a customer service field!! I highly reconnect this nail spa as it really is upscale!!!
4	I did a lot of research before choosing a place to get my first gel manicure, and I can't speak highly enough of Jeniza Nail Spa (and I always work with Victoria, and I'd def recommend Terri, too).  It's affordable, long lasting, very clean, and I feel comfortable there.  I will now be a regular, thanks to their fabulous service!
5	Just went for a pedicure. It was great. Everything was so clean (really pay attention to this part and compare to other salons you may have been to) and the price and service were great. The nail techs there really work as a team because they realize your time is valuable. This place is very professional. Would reccomend them to anyone.
4	I went back here a second time and still really liked it.I just wish they would turn off the Celine Dion and Mariah Carey and switch over to some more relaxing spa music.
4	(FYI - This is the first time I have ever gone to a nail salon, so my review should be taken with a grain of salt.)That being said, nearly everything went fabulously.  I got a Deluxe pedicure, which included callus removal (mine were heinous!), a fruity sugar scrub, some kind of creamy mask, then a paraffin wax treatment, and finally a hot stone massage.  Soooo relaxing.  My polish looks perfect.  It came to $50 plus tip, their pedi services start at $20.My tech was very gracious (I told her it was my first time).  She made a few nice attempts at small talk, but backed off once she saw that such a thing is not my strong suit.  Good instincts on her end, she could tell that I prefer staring off into space and listening to my Ipod!  :)  During the paraffin and the hot stone she made sure to check that it wasn't too hot for me.  She gave great service.The place seemed very clean, the layout and decor were very nice.  The only negative was the choice of TV programming (the place is small so it's hard to put your eyes anywhere else.)  They started with CNN (okay) and ended with the Disney Channel (really NOT good).  I don't think anyone getting a pedicure wants to watch Sharkboy and Lava Girl or whatever.  It seemed to be more what the receptionist wanted to watch, as opposed to the guests.  (She even flipped past Sex & the City!  Talk about a no-brainer in an ovarian-centered business.)I will definitely be back!  Thanks, Jeniza!
5	The best service in town - the gel nails (french) lasted a month. My regular french pedicure lasted 3 weeks. Everyone is friendly and they speak great English. Jeniza is fabulous and is very welcoming.Great experience! Check out the website for specials.
5	This place rocks!  The prices are perfect!  Low enough to afford but with amazing quality.  The girls that work here are awesome!  Terry does my nails and she is so creative and funny!  I enjoy our conversations and she has done nail art on my big toe the last 2 pedicures that I have loved!  I never had nail art before or even thought of it!  They are very clean, and have a unique set up.  You can walk-in or set up an appointment.  The gel manicure I had lasted 2 weeks before it started peeling, and my regular pedicures last even longer!  I'm recommending this salon to a friend of mine who's getting married next week!
5	Went here with a friend and had a fabulous experience! My friend got a pedicure (the deluxe, which included hot stone massages, sugar rubs, etc.) and I got a manicure. The host/owner was extremely attentive, welcoming, and ensured that we had a positive experience from beginning to end. We both loved our services and we'll definitely be coming back soon.
4	After trying a lot of nail salons aroing the chandler/gilbert/tempe area I decided to give this one a shot. They are awesome! I have been going to Jeniza ever since my first time there. I prefer my nails shaped oval and its very hard to find someone that can get the shape just right. They do not have the massage chairs like most places do but the seating is definitely comfortable.My mani and pedi last atleast 3 weeks. I get it changed in 3 weeks just because my nails grow too long.
1	Cute place but what a rip off. $30 for a pedicure and my feet are still extremely dry and the "massage" that cost extra I could've done myself. I will not be returning here..customer service was terrible and the lady that did the pedicure was extremely rude and acted like she was way better then anyone on the planet.
5	This has become my new favorite nail salon!! I have been everywhere around the valley, and nothing measures up to Jeniza Nails and Spa. The customer service is AMAZING. The receptionist was really friendly and was making sure I wasn't thirsty or anything. The are really clean and sterile and the owner Jeniza even offers to give you a tour to see how they sterilize all of their tools! I had a complex nail design in mind and the tech did an awesome job! I am definitely a returning customer!
5	So this was my first time getting my nails done in like 4 years, but now that I'm making my own money I decided to go get the Shellac nail service!  It came to $25 for a great gel manicure! They also told me if they get messed up within three weeks just to come back and they would fix it for free, which was nice since I'm so destructive haha.This salon was so different than the others I've been to in the past, it wasn't like where there's tables set up in rows, there was just one long row that everyone sits at..its so cute! Plus the pedi area was really nice..I may try to get one eventually I'm jut so ticklish! In addition the receptionist was nice and offered me a water bottle and the girl that did my nails was nice too, she didn't talk really so i didn't get her name.It's very spa like inside, they also had a large TV to watch. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the music, it went from top 40, to modern country, to country music my grandparents would listen to..I would prefer spa music or something.Anyways I am defiantly going to be a regular here, I'm already excited to go back and get a new color on!
5	I went to Jeniza's today with my male roommate. I loved it because the women (this is not meant to be rude in any way) actually spoke English and didn't chit chat amongst themselves in another language. All conversation was in English and they actually engaged us in conversation more than just "Hi how are you?". I also had an embarrassing foot infection that is still healing, while my doctor told me it was okay to get a pedicure, I have been too embarrassed because my nail hasn't fully grown out. The woman doing my nails didn't make me feel bad about it and actually gave me suggestions to help the process of healing along! She was wonderful !
5	I love it here.  The gel manicures last longer than anywhere else (2.5-3 weeks), they are relatively inexpensive ($25-30) and the women who work here are WONDERFUL.  I highly recommend Rose, but I can't imagine that anyone who works here isn't excellent at her job. Make an appointment--even if it is a same day/hour request, they do get busy!
1	WOW. Very disappointed after my recent  visit... maybe it was so different because the owners were not here this time? I walked in, the receptionist was on the phone so I signed in and waited. Every woman working there merely looked at me and back down to their work. When the receptionist finished her phone call she just looked at me and ignored me. -.- About three minutes later she said "Do you have an appointment?" "Yes at 3pm" "You're early." "I realize that,  I can wait." Then the woman who was supposed to do my nails was talking to the receptionist and told her that she only had half an hour until her next appointment (I had gel acrylics on, needed them taken off and new ones put on). This obviously was going to take more than the half an hour she "had" until her next appointment .She tried to talk me into just getting a fill because she didn't have time for me. Why have me call and make an appointment if you weren't going to have time?? Then she told me it would cost $5 for the soak off. Fine. Then she said gel acrylic coating was FIFTEEN $15 DOLLARS MORE on top of the $35 for regular acrylics? Are you kidding me? The nice ones I currently have on are gel, got them at another salon down the street and I walked out paying $35 total. HA. I told her this and she just looked at me blankly. The receptionist did the same. Horrible service :/ I've had this particular nail technician before and she was great, while the owners were there. I do not think I will be back. I'd rather pay $35 at another salon to be acknowledged and treated correctly, not $50 for the same nail service and rude service. Jeez I'm disappointed :(
5	This place is awesome. Got my first gel manicure here and loved it. They have many selections for colors and I didn't wait long once I checked in. Rose did my mani/pedi and she was very sweet. I have really short nails and she took the time to make sure they looked good (gel is crazy hard on short nails). Never going anywhere else.
5	Jeniza's is the best! It's different than any other salon. It's so clean, everyone is very friendly and helpful. Michelle is my go to girl, she always helps me pick colors. They have a ton of gel colors to choose from. Amazing place!
4	After reading other Yelp reviews raving about Jeniza Nails, I decided to try them out myself. I made an appointment, knowing from experience that trying to walk-in at a busy nail salon is usually pointless, especially at 3:30 in the afternoon. Luckily, they were able to get me in at five, which was a pleasant surprise because I needed both  a gel mani and a pedicure. However, while I was waiting in the lobby, I could hear two employees, a man and a woman, talking about how their schedule was overbooked. The space is not very big, so it wasn't like I was eavesdropping or anything. At one point, the man asks about my appointment, and the woman, quite snootily, insisted that she made my appointment, and insisted that I only asked for a gel manicure over the phone. She continued on to say that I was obviously trying to sneak a second service in because I knew how busy they were! Finally, I walked over to the two and told them I would just take my manicure if they didn't have room for both, but the gentleman insisted that I could get both that day. Awesome!
5	Love this place and love the gel manicures. Debbie is awesome!  Her manicures last longer than anyone else's.
5	Best nail salon in the east valley.  Manicures last 3-4 weeks.  They use color gel which looks beautiful and shines for weeks.  Well trained staff and appointments always on time
3	Writing this review as I am getting my nails done. The check in went very smooth. I had called ahead and made an appointment, which I highly recommend. I was taken back to my seat for my pedicure right on time, and my service started immediately. I chose the classic pedicure for $30. I have had many pedicures in my day, and this one just seemed rushed. Maybe she (Debbie) is just really efficient, but I just felt like everything was taking half the time it normally does. My nails were clipped, filed, cuticles removed, callous buffed and massage done in 10 minutes. They looked ok, just seemed so very fast. The pedicure overall looks good, I just wish the callous buffing and massage were a little bit longer. My heels still feel the same as when I came in, maybe they want you to upgrade to the "callous remover?" All in all, it was a great experience, and I will be returning again for more services!
5	This is my favorite nail spot. The actual store is beautiful and exceptionally clean. Whoever designed it truly understood aesthetics. I love their different pedicure options... The mocha smells amazing. The stone massage is so relaxing. They also do waxing and I have been so happy with my results. Looking forward to getting a facial next week.
4	My first experience here was a win. Mary is unbelievably meticulous in her attention to detail. I have very weak nails. She took her time applying the gel and inspected each coat. She made sure each nail was completely sealed and promised if my nails weren't any stronger next time, we would try another way to get them looking great. The $30 pedicure was fantastic as well. The services are not overpriced for what you get.  The shop is nicely decorated and extremely clean. The shop owners were very friendly, making sure everyone had a cold bottle of water and their customers were happy. My only recommendation would be to lose the tired tunes and go for some spa type music with maybe add a small fountain to add to the spa like feel. It's a great location in Tempe. I will for sure to be back and see my new friend Mary for another mani pedi.
1	this is for first impressions only.....sign on the door says walk ins welcome....really..doesn't feel welcoming when you open the door and everyone stares at you without a greeting. Never got a hello but "do you have an appointment..if not come back later...not customer friendly. Just want to thank you for not welcoming a walk-in because it lead me to get an excellent manicure\pedicure at #1 Nails across the street...which is #1 in my book.
5	I had my first gel manicure done there and it was amazing! The woman who did my nails explained everything to me. My nails looked great and lasted about 3 weeks. I couldn't be happier! The price is very affordable and I highly recommend them. I do suggest getting an appointment. I got a quick peek at their appointment calendar, and they are always BUSY!
4	This is still my go to, affordable nail spot.After about a year of having my nails done here:HIT:JenizaRoseMichelleDebbieMISS:MichMaria
5	Okay so I am basically obsessed with this place.  My friend suggested I go here, and Yelp confirmed that for me after seeing their reviews and video! Jeniza is awesome!! I used to go to Pink Polish which is another great nail salon, but felt it was pretty overpriced.  I went on Friday during a lunch break to get a pedi, I would recommend calling ahead for an appointment, however, they were able to squeeze me in for a gel mani as well.  Rose was my nail tech and she was phenomenal, she made sure I was comfortable, offered some great tips, and did a fast and efficient service.  I am always rushing from one place to the next it seems like, and as much as everyone loves a 1 hour pedicure and 1 hour nail service, I don't have time for that, but don't want to jeopardize the service.  So I felt like I got a quick service, and it was done to my picky standards.  And at a perfect price for my tight budget.  I love having my nails done, I basically can't live without them done, and I need somewhere that I can afford. I loved the decor, the nail bar, and the pedi station, and I loved how quaint it was inside.  I hate going into a HUGE overcrowded business.  Needless to say, I have made the switch to Jeniza, its nice and close to work, and on my way home, and Rose is my new nail tech.  Everyone speaks english, and they don't talk about you to their neighbor, which is nice.  I would definitely recommend this nail spot, and Rose.  I already made my next appt! :)
4	I think I found my new go-to nail salon! I was a loyal Pink Polish customer, but I feel like they are a little bit overpriced and kind of a trek for me to get to. I tried this place today and loved it! I made an appt. and Mich was my technician. She was super friendly and did a great job, but it was quick and efficient. I got a gel mani and it looks great! $25 for gel mani -- they didn't charge me for removal.Minus one star for the weird, Jesus music playing...
5	Afraid to say it but, this is the best nail place in town!  The word is out - now everyone will want to get into this place.I've been patronizing Jeniza's since she opened the shop.  Every tech I've had do my nails is meticulous. If my gel manicure chipped earlier than two weeks, I'd get them repaired without question.  The selection of nail colors available is mind-boggling.  The layout of the shop is different than most.  The nail bar and pedicure seats are all facing the big-screen TV, which is usually on Food Network. The atmosphere is one that patrons engage in conversation with each other easily.  It's kinda like we're all friends getting our nails done - even though we don't know each other.  This place is a treat.  The girls that work there know this.  They treat us with respect for our time and make the experience special.  They do not speak another language than we are familiar with - as to not make us think they're talking about us. Warning:  make an appointment.  They are so popular that they're booked days in advance.  Don't expect to walk in and get squeezed in.
1	I used to love this place but after my experience today I'll never go back. The spa area is cute and comfy. Most of the staff do a great job, especially Mich. My issue is that my best friend and I scheduled appointments today at noon- hers for a mani, mine for a mani and pedi. She was seated immediately as were two other women standing around waiting. I, however, sat in the waiting area for 20 minutes before being escorted to a pedi spa where I sat, untouched, for another 15 minutes. My water was cold by the time someone finally told me. I'll be with you in a few minutes. Meanwhile, my friend was almost done with her manicure. This is the second time this has happened here and now it's the last. I won't ever go back. I'll drop my friend off and go to the nail spa up the street where I am right now.
5	This is my new spot! Everyone is very nice, my nails are fantastic and the pedicure was relaxing. I had Tameca and I will be going back to her from now on :)
5	I always walk out of here impressed with the service, cleanliness and look of my nails. Make an appointment before heading in. They're nail techs are talented, don't be afraid to show them pictures of what you're dreaming of, they will make it happen! My gel manicures typically last 16-20 days and I currently am rocking a pedicure from a month ago (it still looks great). Love Jenizas, if I could request one thing, it would be for them to stay open until 8 one night a week!
4	My nails are beautiful , the service was very nice they are really listening and they are honest with their price if they do something they let you know in advance the price.Marie was very cute and detail oriented she made sure every nail was perfect I didn't felt like they were rushing to finish the job fast like other salon. I highly recommend this place and make sure you make an appointment they don't take wAlk-in.That why they take their time and make sure the job is well done! I'm happy I will definitely go back! thanks JeniZa :)
1	I went to Jeniza few times for gel manicure; first time my nail tech was Mary. She did a nice job. She really tried to do a good job and make me happy (the negative point was that she was a little aggressive in cuticle cleaning; my fingers were bleeding when she was done). At the second visit, the nail tech was just rushing to finish the job and leave; after she left I had to ask someone else to clean up her horrible job. The last and worst visit was with Tamica; she did the dirtiest and most careless nail work ever. She was not paying attention to anything; she put the tips tilted, the nail lengths were not the same, she was careless and aggressive in cleaning. Every time I asked her to modify her job; she would do it in a most troubled way as if she were doing me a favor.  At the end my nails did not look good at all.
5	Super friendly! Let me say first though.. Appointments are recommended!  Mary did my pedi and gel mani.  Her attention to detail actually surprised me. I got a sugar scrub pedi, amazing! And a gel mani. Both reasonably priced. I've moved to chandler 3 weeks ago and I think I found my new place. I went to pink polish (DONT Recommend) 2 weeks ago and got crappy service and they charged me $85 for a mediocre pedi and mani. I definitely will return! Thank you!
5	Love this place! This is the only nail place I will go to after trying many around the valley. I personally always try to ask for Mary. She is super sweet and takes her time and does a great job. If you have an ingrown toenail she is the girl to go to. But I have gone to a handful of the other lady's and they have all done a great job! Can not say enough good things about this place!
5	Mary did an amazing job giving me a pedicure. She is very friendly, patient, and paid attention to detail. I made an appointment for my next pedicure.
4	I went to this salon recently for the first time, not expecting to be impressed. I've been to many of the type I assumed this would be, but agreed to go with my coworker since it was convenient to our office. I'm glad I did! We called in the morning and scheduled two manicures (mine was gel) for the evening after work, so we were able to get in same day.When we arrived we didn't have to wait at all, and they actually seated us next to each other at the same time, so we really did get to have our nails done "together" (unlike a lot of other places) which was nice. Debbie did my gel manicure and she did a nice job, actually avoided any mishaps like making my finger bleed or filing my skin instead of the nail (yes, this stuff has happened to me on more than once occasion). I had gotten used to going to a more "upscale" salon with a specific nail tech previously, which I quit going to due to the expense and the fact that she was always booked up. Now I know that I can get my nails done for a reasonable price and not have to schedule weeks out. I also appreciated that there was no language barrier so I was able to communicate what I wanted with no issues. They had quite the large gel color selection too. I can't compare creativity or unique requests since I didn't ask for anything special, but I wouldn't doubt their ability or be afraid to find out.I would definitely go back here next time.
4	Today was my first time here. I found them on Yelp and called at 10:30am and was able to get a same day appointment for a gel manicure, classic pedicure and eyebrow wax. All that was only $55. I was really happy with my services. Debbie did my brows and Michelle did the mani/pedi. They don't have the traditional chairs for pedicures. It's a long bench with cushion. The grumpy little older lady that was doing the girl next to me crowded in between us for some reason and sat on my purse. That was wierd. Not even an 'Oops, sorry.' The only drawback was the grumpy older nail lady. She made me uncomfortable and she wasn't even doing my services! It's a 45 minute drive for me but was worth it.
4	First time I came the girl wasn't very pleasant bit did a good job.  Second time here I had Kai & she was beyond amazing!  I changed me mind on colors & without a problem she did what I asked.  Most definitely coming back with her.  She did amazing!
