5	This place is very nice. There are multiple pool tables, great drink specials. $2 beer specials. Great service. Clean,  fun and great music even on a Monday. Definitely worth 5 stars!
5	First time coming here & I must say- it is great! They just opened less than a month ago. The review saying they took a while to get their check, I'm sure it was bc they were familiarizing themselves to the new system. Awesome atmosphere. Good music, GREAT drink specials, & great service. All bartenders/managers introduced themselves to us & told us about their upcoming events. It feels good to know they valued us as a customer. I will definitely be coming back & telling EVERYONE about this place. I'm sure they will have a large crowd once school resumes.
5	Awesome new place in the university area!! Pool tables, great drink places, friendly & attentive staff. First bar I went to that each and every staff member came up to me introduced their self and shook my hand. I highly recommended this place.
1	I was excited to see a new place opening in the Flying Saucer shopping center as I call it. My excitement dwindled shortly after walking into the door. This place has zero atmosphere. No music just TVs all over the place with no volume. Good place to read a book if that is your fancy. So then I hoped the food would be awesome since it was their training week and you think they would want to make a good impression on their new customers. Asking for no lemon in your water was too much to ask. My pregnant wife had to ask twice for no lemon in her water. The food was horrible. We ordered they messed it up on my order and hers. At that point, I asked if we could just leave the dump and they obliged. STAY FAR FAR AWAY!!!!
1	Went there on a Thursday night. Pool room was filled but restaurant area was empty. Try to get a drink at both bars and had to wait very very long each time. It even took 10 minutes just to close out. Probably not coming back anytime soon
1	Went with a large group on a Friday evening. The group reserved the entire back area so we could be together. The restaurant only had two people assigned our area (we had at least 100 people and over 15 tables). We personally waited 15 minutes just to get our drink order then we placed our food order and waited well over an hour for our food. By the time we received our food several of the tables in our group decided to leave and go to the Cook Out to get better service and actually have their dinner after finding out that the order they had placed over an hour earlier hadn't even been started yet in the kitchen!!! The management knew we were coming well in advance yet chose to schedule a light staff in the dining room and in the kitchen. The food was mediocre at best and I only gave it one star because zero stars was not an option.
1	Went there to see Simplified, otherwise I would not have gone there! Spoke with the owner, a very nice, friendly man. I think they were expecting a big crowd because there were staff/security guys everywhere (guys with ear pieces). The construction makes it difficult to get in, but that's not their fault and it will end soon! Looked like a nice place to play pool, nice tables, well lit, etc..... I was on restaurant side to listen to Simplified. Set up is nice, plenty of parking, I would go back if Simplified were playing, but not otherwise. My two recommendations are: 1. The bar service is VERY slow. The young one guy is friendly, but 3 different times, I stood at the almost empty bar and waited 3-5 minutes for another beer. Those three times, one bartender was looking up watching TV and never acknowledged me and the other bartenders were visiting with each other! No bar staff should ever make a customer wait for another drink because they are watching TV or chatting with each other! Especially when the bar had maybe 3-4 people sitting at it! Two of those times, I had to physically walk over to where those bartenders were visiting (to make it obvious) to get my beer? 2. I know is early but the food really wasn't good. Not even for bar food. Sorry, I wish this review was better, but it's just honest. I would only go back if Simplified was playing, but I wouldn't get food! I'd also hope to get much better bar service!
1	I have been 2 the press box 6 times and have been approached once by a waiter. If u c one, it's only once. Forget refills..... if this place is in business next year I will b surprised.  It does look nice, but that's it
