5	Smashburger has just recently opened and is a quantum upgrade over the restaurant that used to occupy that space. I thought I would brave the Friday lunch crowd and try this newly opened restaurant today. I got there right before the line started forming 20 deep.I had a regular smashburger on an egg bun (without cheese) and a drink for $6.65. My burger was adorned with mustard, sweet relish, grilled onions, tomatoes and regular red onions (I didn't ask for the red onion, but it was good). The food runner even commented on how good that burger looked. Well you know what, it was Awesome. They even have people circling aroung topping off your drinks. My only complaint is that they didn't serve the drinks in the "to go" cups. I promise to bring back my "restaurant glass" the next time I visit.
2	I will have to say that the service was poor on my visit.  Although this is a new place, it still serves fast food style menu options in which it took 15 mins for me to get my order on when there were 3 people and two managers doing nothing.  The food is subpar and kind of reminds me of the heart attack grill in which the burgers had so much butter and grease on it that's all I could taste.  For the price I expect something better and received nothing but disappointment.
2	Alright Phoenix, it's time to stop losing your collective shit over Smashburger. I'll probably get crucified for saying this, but does anyone else out there feel like they're eating McDonalds when they're having a Smashburger?Now don't get me wrong, McDonalds isn't quite as greasy or salty tasting as Smashburger, but the two still are very similar. Oh, except one thing, McDonalds fries are way better. Every time I've had fries from Smashblah they are over fried, making them too stiff and tasteless. Plus this place is way over priced. So I guess that's two differences.Put it this way, if Delux or Rocket Burger were next door to Smashburger, then 10 times outta 10, I'm passing by Smashburger and going to the other places.  Now, if McDonalds was right next door to Smashburger...yeah, I'd probably still skip Smashburger and save my money.
4	I think the food is great. I had the az burger which was really spicy, but I loved it. The fries are good. It's a little pricey but I think it's worth it occasionally. I'd recommend trying this place.
5	so glad to have a smash burger near home now!! I'll tear up a smashburger!!!
2	I agree with Paul V. This place is nothing to get excited about. The patties are so thin you can barely taste the meat. I had the Arizona burger because it sounded scrumptious. I was sorely disappointed. Even if the hamburger patty would have been thicker there were so many jalapenos and other toppings on it I felt like I was eating a jalapeno and guacamole sandwich. Don't get me wrong, I love spicy food but my mouth was on fire and I ended up pulling off 4 slices of jalapenos to be able to even finish it. I also ordered the veggie frites because I thought they were battered and fried. I was wrong. It is simply green beans, carrots, and asparagus dropped in hot grease and covered in seasoning. If you are going to make a vegetable unhealthy, follow through on the commitment, don't just do it half heartedly. I did enjoy the fries but the BF didn't think they tasted strong enough like rosemary and garlic. The guy taking our order was very polite and friendly and did let us know that it would be about 20 minutes until we got our food. It was a bit longer than that which I kinda understand but don't. The place was packed but it is just quick cook hamburgers and fries.  For what we got and the quality of the food the price was totally high. For 2 burgers, 2 sides and 2 drinks it was $21 plus they serve you your food so a tip is involved which brought us up to $25! Again I have to agree with Paul V and say I'd rather save my money and go to Mickey D's.
1	Someone needs to take the salt away from the cook, pronto! I had the mushroom swiss burger which was the saltiest thing I have ever had. Blech. My son had the bacon cheeseburger which was every bit as salty and terrible as mine. My daughter had the hotdog and couldn't eat half of it because it was too salty and just plain terrible. The fried pickle chips tasted like they were coated in nothing but salt. The fries were pathetic. The highlight was my wife's chicken avocado sandwich which was nothing to write home about. $37 later we walked out with the collective agreement that we would NEVER eat there again. I've had better burgers next door at Johnny Rockets and Johnny Rockets is dogshit!
4	Took the family for dinner just before the 6:00 pm rush, get there early or the line will be long!  Not alot of tables, but there are more outside. I'm a sweet potato fry freak, they were very tasty!! My husband got the Swiss mushroom cheeseburger which was so flavorful. I like the fact that you can order it to your liking. I like my plain grilled chicken breast sandwich wrapped in a lettuce bun. Hit the spot. We are definitely going back.
4	Great burger every time, this is one of those places that does not need reviews because it will do well no matter what.  I would give them 5 stars but I detected a slight sewage odor that I hope they fix soon.  I noticed it at the 20st & Camelback location also.  I usually just get the regular smashburger and a drink for almost $8.  It is always cooked exactly the same and very flavorful, the burger patty is a little larger than the bun which is exactly how I like it.  The garnish is always good here too and the buns are great (even have a few choices).  I have not tried anything else here since the burgers are so great.  Atmosphere is consistent with all their locations, very clean, food comes out very fast, and service is what it is.  I am also glad they were able to get a good restaurant in this old Dickey's BBQ location next to Chipotle.  I noticed they are putting another location next to the Chipotle on Lake Pleasant and Happy Valley since they really are the Chipotle of burgers.
4	The Arizona Burger is the one you want if you have a taste for the spicy! I love this place. Not a fan of burgers, but thisplace definitely makes me one everytime we go there. Check it out. They will do anything you want to your burger as well. I also love the Vegie Frites. (Asparagus, Carrots, and Green beans) flash fried in Rosemary and olive oil. AWESOME! But you must eat them hot. Once they get cold, the oil solidifies and then you get mad at yourself for eating something that you chose to be healthy and now find out is not so much. lol. Service is fast, restaurant is clean and burgers are juicy!
4	Smashburger quickly became a favorite among my friends and I . It's a little more on the expensive side for a burger and fries, but to be fair, they are really tasty. This location was having trouble the first time I went. I ended up waiting about 45 minutes after ordering. That was pretty ridiculous. The burger was a little above average, but the fries were lukewarm. I sent my feedback to the support on their website, and was was contacted quickly with and apology. They wanted a chance to make it up to me and sent me Smashbucks. I tried it out again, and it was much better. The customer service was great and I can respect them for making the situation right.
4	Delicious food as usual, loved the coffee shake, and the staff here actually seemed even more perky and helpful than what I have become used to at SmashBurger.  This was the first time I tried their regular fries, and they honestly weren't as good as their featured fries, so I guess the moral of that story is, if something is featured as a specialty, you should stick with it.  ;)Good stuff.
5	Very good. Very tasty. Everybody was very friendly. The menu looked incredible, I will be back in order to try more items on the menu.
1	Heard this is the place to go to.  Well, no.  My wife and I went for lunch while on vacation during the week.  Nobody was there-on the weekends it is crazy.  Ok the fries were awesome.  I bit in to my hamburger and it tasted funny so I looked at it and sure enough it was pretty raw on the inside.  My wife's was pink, but mine was raw.  Manager came over after we waited 15 min for a new one.  Tried to explain it was raw, but he just made excuses like that is how they cooked them.  Tried to explain the difference between mine and hers but he wouldn't listen.  Complained on their web site over a week ago and they never even responded.  Good enough for me-I'm done with you Smashburger-never will see a dime of my money again.
2	A couple coworkers and I stopped in one day for lunch. The line was long but we got through it fairly quickly.  I was excited to try this place as I heard such good things, but when we waited over 10 minutes for our burgers, it was rather disappointing.  The burger was ok...I prefer Red Robin's thick burgers to Smash burger's thin ones.  I had their fried pickles which were covered and swimming in grease.  For almost 12 bucks for a burger, side and fries I don't know if i'll be back.
2	Ate there twice and I wasn't impressed.  My wife ordered the Blackbean burger and it was dry and tasteless!  I got the Mushroom Swiss and I'd rate it as "ok"; I was expecting more...for the price.
3	Out of all of the little more upscale burger joints (those without drive thru), it is a decent experience.  The burgers are reasonably priced and are decently tasty.  I would say that if you are going to Smashburger do it for the smashfries (the fries tossed in rosemary and olive oil I believe) and the veggie frites (fried veggies with dipping sauce).  They are the standouts here.
5	To start off...I am not a big fan of burgers. It is about the last thing I will pick as a food option given a choice. Well we came here for a burger one night and wow, I was impressed. The burger was delicious!!! We both got the BBQ, Bacon and Cheddar burger. The best parts of this burger were the haystack onions and the bacon. I got the BBQ sauce on the side. The burger was SO juicy! The fries were delicious. The staff went out of their way to be super friendly and helpful. Now if given the choice...I just may pick a burger as an option to eat, so long as it is at a Smashburger.
3	Underwhelming and a bit overpriced... Not bad but certainly not the lifechanging holy grail of burgers I expected after so much hoop-la.  The fries are the standout but I imagine they are even better if you dine in.
5	Great burgers!  Been there several times. Walk up and order then they deliver to your table.   They do a good job here.  A bit long to get your food sometimes but not bad.
5	I really love this place. I'm not sure why there are so many mixed reviews... maybe what they ordered? I always get the regular size custom burger... blue cheese, mayo, lettuce, tomato (and sometimes bacon). Simple and delicious. The rosemary fries with Smash sauce are also amazing. The only thing I didn't care for were the fried pickles... a bit too salty.
3	Since it's pricey here, I just get the kids meal. The burger is pretty much the same size as the all American. The fried pickles are pretty good. I would rather go to IN n OUT though.
4	While the burger tastes amazing... EVERYTHING has gluten in it.  Even the spices. There is huge risk for cross contamination with this place, and when I went the first (and likely the last) time, I was glutened pretty hard, even bunless.But... with that said... for other people who don't have to worry about that issue, it's AWESOME.  The burger is HUGE.I was visiting with friends who were eating there, and found that they have a half size, if your stomach isn't big enough to handle the full thing. :)
4	The burgers were AMAZING!  Everything about them was great.  The meat, buns, and toppings were what you want in a burger.  The burger was cooked perfectly and was so juicy.  The service was really good.  I was impressed.  The only thing I would change are the fries.  I didn't think they matched up in excellence to the burger. (that's why I gave 4 instead of 5 stars)  Other than that....YUMMY!
5	I can't get enough of this place! I heart the spinach and goat cheese chicken sandwich! Oh my delicious.  I've had their burgers before and they are okay.  But boy do they have kick ass chicken burgers.  The other day I also tried their seasonal salted caramel milkshake! I died and gone to Haagen Daaz heaven.  I highly recommend this place and don't forget to get on their email list.  They have great deals sent to your email!
5	I was listening to local radio recently, and they released the results of a survey regarding the "best burger chain in America". According to the survey, Smashburger is rated in the top five, behind Five Guys, In-N-Out, Fuddruckers, and A&W/ http://www.marketforce.com/press-releases/item/five-guys-is-americas-favorite-burger-chain/For the life of me, I can't understand how ANY of these places finished ahead of Smashburger. MAYBE Fuddruckers, but c'mon...the rest of that list is ridiculous, IMHO.Now, for the most part, I try and avoid red meat. The occasional steak is alright, but I typically lean towards chicken or fish. But, there's just something about Smashburger...I think it might have a hint of Kryptonite in it. Whenever we're anywhere near Smashburger, we just have to go. (I've GOTTA double up on those self-control exercises.)I love everything about this place. The decor is modern and clean. The digital menus add a sleek touch.The people behind the counter are always chipper and inviting. Basically, this place offers everything most people look for in a restaurant.Now, they have a relatively diverse menu, offering different styles of pre-made burgers, ranging from the standard plain burgers, cheeseburgers, all the way up to burgers with avocado. However, I, being a mild control-freak, always create my own burger.  My typical order consists of a regular "Smash" sized burger on a whole wheat bun. I get the usual lettuce, tomato, pickle...but where I add my own little twist is with the additions of bacon and jalapenos. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=VaxMJX3yI4MSCIItqFiU2A&userid=IBiHQzvzP01UNuLbADSz4A The cuts of bacon they use at this joint are INCREDIBLY thick and crisp...the two best qualities of bacon! And then there are the jalapenos...holy har (BTW, "har" is Arabic for "HOT!!!)!!! These jalapenos tend to leave you with a case of the sniffles. If you're not into that kind of spice on your burger, you might want to steer clear of this little addition.Now, there are plenty of sides available here...but if you don't get the sweet potato fries at least once in your life, you're doing yourself an INCREDIBLE disservice! I don't know who the genius was who decided to start frying up sweet potatoes, but that person is my hero/heroine!When all is said and done, you're looking at about $10/person when you eat here. When you consider the fact that this burger chain is nationally ranked, you could consider that price a bargain. If you're smart, you'll get in on the ground floor and enjoy one of these awesome burgers before they jack the prices up even higher!On a side note, after you order your meal, you're given a number that you take to your table. Typically, the number tent you receive just has the number for your order. At Smashburger, each tent has its own little saying. That's the kind of quirky add-on that piques your interest! http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=lsR3EMKSo6RvMM63lF3v1A&userid=IBiHQzvzP01UNuLbADSz4A http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=4gFVEk0TOXwKD-UGXVvMXA&userid=IBiHQzvzP01UNuLbADSz4ASmashburger is one of the best burger joints in the country. You'd be a fool if you didn't try this place at least once!!!
2	Well, Im finding it really hard to believe all the hype, everyone has been telling me to go to Smashburger, that its amazing.Well I went. And it was not amazing. I left pissed off that I just $30 something on a couple tasteless burgers and less then spectacular onion strings and a very lumpy shake. Save your money.
2	When you "smash" a burger... you are pushing out all the taste and flavor, of which this place needs some back.The staff and counter people are AWESOME. Friendly and always willing to help. The constantly stop by your table to make sure you don't need anything.The food is just OK. And for the higher than normal prices - you would expect more.Overall: Underwhelming and a bit overpriced - with VERY GOOD service.
1	Read so many good reviews, so tried it. Big mistake! Only good thing about it was the people who worked there. Everything (hamburger, salad, sweet potato fries) was SO salty and greasy - just awful. Hot dog was the worst I've ever had. Asked if it was beef and told it was, but it sure didn't taste like it. Very expensive, especially considering the poor quality of the food. Won't be back. Deserves zero stars.
4	Great quality food!! Its so fresh you really cant eat it to go. The shakes are great! and the smash fries but a nice twist from the average basket of fries you get at most places! Even the chicken is really good!!
2	I'll give it to you straight.. The staff are excellent but other than that this place sucks and I'm talking about the food. Two burgers, two fries, two cokes = 20 bucks? These hamburgers are nothing special. Kinda salty, kinda mushy and could not finish it. The fries are tasteless and over cooked. I heard all kinds of raves about this place, but I just don't understand. We were going to go to Johnny Rockets next door, but decided to try SmashBurger. I like Johnny Rockets..This was a waste of time and money. We could have gone to McDonalds and got better food for 10 bucks and I hate McDonalds. I feel bad for the staff because they are well trained and professional..too bad they have to sell a shit product. Really, really bad...
4	One of my favorite burger joints anywhere, they have a nice variety of pre-arranged toppings as well as a build-your-own option.  It would be five stars if they'd let you get a rare burger, but alas, like a lot of places, they only go from medium to well done (overcooked to charcoal in my tastes).  The bacon is thick and excellent, and the bread is top-notch.The garlic fries are awesome--standard and sweet potato both.
4	Smashburger is pretty good overall. Better than Five Guys, although I wish it were a little closer to where I live!I've been twice - once to this location and once to another, both times with my husband. The first time, we got fries, he got the bacon cheeseburger (which he raved about and I tried a bite to confirm that it is in fact delicious). I got the black bean burger, and it was a little spicy for my wimpy tastes. It does say spicy in the name I guess... The second time, I got chicken with cucumber and goat cheese. I liked it, but my husband loved it. He got a bacon ranch avocado burger, which was yummy but super greasy and the avocado wasn't ripe enough. But the amazing Oreo milkshake more than made up for it. It cost around $18-19 for two sandwiches and the milkshake (no fries or other drinks). Every employee I've interacted with at Smashburger has been friendly, polite, professional, just good people overall. I don't eat meat often, but if I'm craving a burger, this is a good place to go.
5	Smashburger has THE best burgers I've ever had at a fast food place, hands down.  Yes, they are a little bit more expensive- a combo can cost you around $10.  However, it is worth every penny.  Their burgers are delicious, and you can build them in any way you want.  Their smash fries and the sweet potato fries are good, although I will say that their fried onions side isn't anything to write home about.  The ambiance is great and the staff is friendly- I am definitely a regular customer!
4	I wouldn't say this is better than Five Guys but the Arizona Burger is delicious and we love the sweet potato fries.  Service is very quick and friendly, good central location for Northwest Phoenix (Norterra) area.  We've been half a dozen times and have yet to be disappointed.
5	Visited this location two nights in a row while in town on vacation. Had the BBQ bacon burger and smash fries. Both delicious!! Kids loved the Oreo shake too!
5	I love Smashburger sooo much! Best burgers and fries in town. The malts are awesome. I go at least once a week.
4	Went here for dinner before a movie.  Awesome homemade style burgers and great fries.  Simple a bigger better burger. Check it out!!
4	The first time I went was with my kids who are very picky.  They loved the chicken strips and the sweet potato fries.  I tried a chicken sandwich because I had just had a burger for lunch, it was great with lots of yummy toppings.  I tried a bite of my husbands burger which is why we went back a second time; I had to get one of my own.   Join their email club and they will send you a BOGO offer right away.
1	To whom it may concern. Today my family and I visited your lake pleasant and Happy Valley Location. I'm sad to have to be reporting that our dining experience was far below satisfactory. Let me begin by telling you the manner in which your "Lead Brooke B" presented herself in front of paying customers has left us with a sour feeling  in our stomachs and heavy hearts for the other 2 employees Sam and Jenn for having to report to such a person.Our experience began after ordering we observed  Brooke tell Jenn (while Jenn was cutting paper we're assuming for trays) that she should pretend she was getting payed while at work and go actually work. You could see on Jenn's face she was mortified and holding back the tears. I went and grabbed the manager on duty and I apologize I didn't get his name. I told him what I heard and he said Brooke's just having a bad day and apologized on her behalf.. Okay being the understanding person that I am I get being in a serving  industry you have good an bad days, just like any one we human. But to my dismay Brooke's lack of professionalism didn't end there.Brooke had asked Sam to hurry it up with the shakes that making shakes wasn't rocket science. Moments later Brooke asked Jenn to go outside to clean the tables. Jenn cleaned 2 but one family was still eating. I witnessed her taking the food they were done with and went back to the register as the line was getting pretty backed up...When Brooke noticed the out side dining area was still dirty, Brooke grabbed the manager and said I can't believe her (Jenn) if I could I swear I'd smack the shit out of her..Then walked to Jenn and pulled her mid sentence helping a customer and let's go outside and chat about what I mean when I ask for something to be done. At the very second I couldn't take it I stopped her and said. You are ruining our dining expirence. How dare you talk to your colleges like this.. Brooke started laughing and asked if I was serious.. I replied this is no laughing matter and you should stop smiling immediately. As a business owner my self I am appalled that she thinks this is funny. I told her my family  are paying customers and have the right to enjoy our meal but instead I have been taking notes on her behavior. She said she was sorry but that's how she is she was just kidding with them and everyone likes it or leaves it. I told her she should be apologizing to Sam and Jenn for acting that way and the rest of the diner for literally ruining all our meals. at this time an older couple behind us started clapping an thanked us for standing up for in there words those 2 poor girls.. I told Brooke that once we left I  will be contacting the franchise owner. She grabbed her badge and said here is my name and its a corporation not a franchise. My family and I left utterly disgusted.The attitude and complete lack of respect for her colleges makes me sick to my stomach. We will never be returning to any other smash burger and negativity travels fast. One oh shit moment erases a life time of compliments. I will be sharing my story with anyone who will listen including social media, yelp and the BBB.For the sake of those 2 wonderful employees sake I hope this message is heard and that Brooke is reprimanded accordingly.Please feel free to reach me by email at Mrsbrittanytafoya@gmailThank you for you time,Brittany TafoyaCEO and Owner of ATR Preschool
3	This is not a bad joint. The only set up is very similar to Chipotle (around the corner). A bit noisy and they are vacuuming while we are eating.  The burgers a tasty and the salad was over drenched in dressing. Next time dressing on the side. Original fries are great. Only thing is $20 for 2 meals. Not bad but not great either. Clean and friendly staff. Good location next to Harkins Theater.  Okay experience.
3	A lot of people rave about this place but I consider it just another burger place. The two times I have been there including just the other day, the burgers are average and the service is slightly above-average but they seem pretty price ($18 for 3 hamburgers) for that . They do have sweet potato fries which is awesome but other than that I just consider them to be in average burger place.
1	I did not like smashburger at all!The people were super friendly but the food was not good at all. Deserves zero stars. The burger didn't taste like a burger at all. There was barely any lettuce or bbq sause (I got the bbq and bacon burger). It was bland and just not tasteful at all. I do not know what all the hype is about this place. I will never return here again. Save your money, go elsewhere. The meat was nasty (tasted like chewy dense cardboard), there wasn't enough sauce on the bbq bacon burger. Just over all not good. I won't be going there again.
4	Not too shabby for a chain.. we will probably be back for more in the future but I think I would prefer if Dickies BBQ (which was there before)was still there :/
1	So disappointed with our meal tonight. Smashburger is a regular for us on the weekend. The last 2 visits have been horrible. Cold sweet potato fries and our entire order was wrong! When I let the staff know, they tried to fix it, but still brought the wrong thing. We were so hungry we started while waiting for the rest of the meal. It never came. Last visit @ this location.
3	The service was very friendly, but on two different occasions, it took over 20 minutes to receive our food.  We really didn't receive an explanation, or even any consideration (like a free milkshake, or coupons for our next visit) for it.  There are way too many quick casual options in this part of town to not at least make an attempt at customer service.  Also, if you are watching your sodium intake, I wouldn't recommend this place.  It's almost as if their salt shaker has no lid on it.
2	My friend and I were craving milkshakes so I initially went to Johnny rockets but found out they were closed for business. Came here for the first time. They've hot Haagen daz IC. Got a pb & j and strawberry one. I asked for them to be thick. Girl said they would be thick. Got them and they weren't thick at all. Big disappointment. I'd rather spend my money on Sonic shakes where they're thicker and come in all sorts of flavors like PB and bacon! Also got the veggies frites which are carrot sticks and green beans flashed fried. Maybe it's bc I got them to-go but all they were were limpy vegetables. I'm pretty sure if I had them there they'd still be pitiful. Flash fried would still be crispy. Granted I didn't have their burgers but the place was still a let down food-wise.
5	Love this place! It was so good I had to get a second chicken sandwich. I got chx, tomato, spinach, onion, cucumber, goat cheese, avocado, and an egg and loved it. Definitely will be going back
5	I have been a loyal customer since the day Smash opened this location! GREAT customer service, they no me by name and my order. The food is always exactly how I ordered it, never disappointed. I am there at least twice a week... Although I have my favorite meal, I have tried others and everything is just as good- The VERY BEST shakes! Love that you can sit down or take out with prompt service for both, but if you dine in you can have a beer with your meal. Ohhh don't tell them I told you but you can actually get your burgers 5x well done for those of your that want toooo pink! I am known for this request.
5	Never heard of this place before so decided to give it a try. Tried the BBQ Bacon SmashBurger. It was delicious. Yummy fries! If we ever see another one in our travels we will definitely stop and eat. You've got to try it!
4	OMG, great burgers! I fell onto this place, after shopping in the mall area.  I ordered the Phoenix and my daughter the Portabello Mushroom. Both were delicious, although I favored mine (with the jalapenos). Didn't care for the skinny fries with sea salt, as they had very little flavor and were dried out.
4	My first visit here I got the spicy AZ burger (yummy, not too spicy for this AZ girl) with the smash fries (thin crispy fries with a garlic and rosemary spice - I think). As a thanks for trying the place for the first time, the guy at the counter gave me a free drink while I waited for my to-go order (nice of them). Food came out fairly quickly, perhaps 6 minutes or so. I really enjoyed my meal and will be going back again.
5	Burgers are fantastic! Chicken is great as well. They have plenty of choice/options to pile on, from the basics to a fried egg.My only complaint - is the fries are okay/good - not great. But, it is not a deal buster. I love the onion strings so problem solved for me.Kids were happy here too.
3	I should preface this with: I don't eat meat, so I've never tried their beef or chicken entrees.  They have nice black bean patties - try the buffalo style or the cucumber and goat cheese.  The patties are just the right amount of sea-salty, and the smashing part works well with a bean patty.  More topping variety than the usual fast-food burger shop, but nothing truly mind-blowing.  When we lived nearby, we came here on a semi-regular basis, but it's not a place we'd go out of our way to hit.  The fries are quite nicely spiced, but otherwise unremarkable.  It's clean and the staff members are polite, plus they have two-person booths in addition to larger ones.  For fast-ish food, it's good.
2	I must say I was extremely disappointed in my burger and what I thought was onion rings for $2.29...the burger was just ok...I got the regular size bacon cheeseburger which was $5.99 and the gentleman said it was a 1/3 lb which was more like 1/4...The bacon and burger were cooked great but the overall burger felt like a glorified McDonald's burger...I got the onion rings as my side only because the employee who took my order said they were his fav...They are just lightly battered onion straws you see as a burger topper all over the place...I will definitely not be coming back here!!!
5	These are the best burgers I have ever eaten. I absolutely love this place! My regular order is the Classic Smash with cheddar instead of American and no smash sauce, with an order of SmashFries. The burgers are juicy and delicious and reliably good. I also love the SmashFries, but these are less reliable. Sometimes they are perfect, tossed in the olive oil and rosemary and perfect and crunchy, but sometimes they are literally swimming in a pool of olive oil and then they are not that good.Not everyone likes a smashed burger (as you can see by the mixed reviews) and if you look online, there is heated debate about whether or not a burger should ever be smashed, but if you are one of the people who enjoys a smashed burger, go no further than this chain--you love these!
2	I have been coming to this particular location for about a year and at first the food and service was wonderful! However recent visits have left me dissatisfied and wondering why I bother anymore. On the last few visits, including today's, I noticed the fries are are very greasy and not hot, this is likely due to the oil not being hot enough when the fries were put in. The burgers are okay but not fabulous. I order the burgers without bread because I am GF and the Udi's GF buns they serve are, well, just gross. The servers never think to bring me a knife, I always have to ask, use some common sense here people. Shame because I have been to other locations and the food and service is great.
4	I went back after being contacted by Smashburger, and overall it was a much better experience. Obviously Smashburger takes feedback and constructive criticism seriously. When I went back a week ago, the fries were really hot and not at all oily as in my previous few trips. The burger was juicy and delicious and when I ordered it without bread (I'm GF), I didn't have to ask for silverware. I'm really happy things have gotten better here!
5	Smashburger was so kind and provided us with a voucher to return. We've been going regularly without any additional problems. Thank you Smashburger!
3	Burgers are super messy and get soggy really fast.  They slop on the sauce like it's going out of style.  Overall flavor is good, but it turns into mush by the end.  I thought it was a fluke but my burger is always like that.  I need to remember to ask for light condiments or get them on the side.  Fries are shoestring style and great when hot/fresh.  The "smash fries" are drowning in oil so stick to the regular fries.The shakes are great, very thick and creamy.  The service is always friendly, quick, and the restaurant is very clean.Five Guys and Lenny's have better burger/fries but  this place is OK once in a while.
5	Brought my husband for the first time! Matt was supe helpful wi th recommendations and service! Had the smashed grilled chicken - fabulous!  My husband had the BBQ Bacon Cheddar buger, loved it! Gotta try the Buffalo fries - great football food! I like the veggie fries (carrots rock!) Must repeat, you won't regret it!
2	Update - First operator I have been contacted by that reads their Yelps!  Great job, Smashburger!  The rep reviewed my review and sent some Smashbucks to give them another try , which I will certainly do!Customer service bonanza!------------Burger was tasty but far too greasy; it might have been juicy as well but there was too much grease to tell.Fries were frozen product, so so.  In all, nothing to brag about and don't wear a good shirt.
5	Have ordered from here both in-store and online for pick up. Orders have always been accurate in both cases. Fried and onion rings are shoestring, so it is obvious that they will be hot in-store and not so, for takeout. BUt BUt BUT.... The burger meat itself is just excellent! I love the spice, the size and the taste. It is by far my favorite burger. It actually tastes like good old ground beef as it should :)Last visit I tried the vegetable frites... yUM yUM YUM! Although greased up, was a nice change from French fries.Shakes are good! In-store they give you the extra in the tin.It is also nice to be able to have a beer with "fast food" in-store.Hmmmmmmm.... Maybe going to have some Smashburger tonight!
5	I have never been disappointed at this location! STAFF is always welcoming and super nice! Food is ALWAYS delicious! I looooove their franks hot fries!! I hope they NEVER get rid of them! Keep it up smashburger, you're our favorite go to burger spot! :D
3	To be honest, it's just on "okay" burger. Nothing has ever wowed me here for the price. The atmosphere is odd and often greasy, but the service makes up for it. I still put Smashburger under In and Out for sure. It's similar from a price perspective, and just more convenient. Johnny Rockets when they were still at Norterra I thought made a better burger.
2	No fries? Really? I have been to about five different Smash Burger locations, but the one at Norterra on Happy Valley seems to have a disproportionate number of problems. Today, they have no fries. Other times have been other problems. Generally the food is pretty good, but no fries??? Really? I will avoid this location.
