4	Fantastic fresh New Mexico food.  Try the adovado relleno.  The homemade salsas are excellent.
5	Finally open! The first great (New) Mexican food in Gilbert! Pretty busy for a Monday night but the staff handled it well. Food was really good, especially the roast red chile salsa! Margaritas very good and what a great selection of tequilas. Top notch all around. Will be back on a regular basis.
1	Let me first begin with saying I really did enjoy their chips and their bean dip. Those, unfortunately were the highlights of our dinner. I will agree, they do have a great selection of Tequilas. The decor is nice and while you wait and eat you can watch sports on their flat screens and/or sit and listen to non-stop country music.  But as far as this place being worthy of a five star rating, definitely not. When my husband, child, and I went in there were, maybe, 3 other tables seated and a couple of people at the bar. So a little empty for 5pm, but then again it was on a Wednesday. About 15-20 minutes into being seated our orders were finally taken for our entrees and our appetizers. During our wait, we are brought out their salsa trio - chile verde, mild chunky, and red blended chile. The red blended and salsa verde were pretty tasty and had a nice kick to them. But the chunky salsa tasted as if they opened a can of stewed tomatoes and added cilantro to it. No flavor at all and probably the worse salsa I have had yet. The guacamole was brought out very quickly and was just ok. It could have used additional seasoning. The bean dip took 15 more minutes or so to come out, and we had to remind our server about it. As we are waiting 4 more parties had been seated around us, a couple after our orders had been taken. 30 minutes pass, 45 minutes pass ...no food. While waiting we noticed the other tables, all with larger parties than ours, were receiving their food...an hour into putting in our order and still no food. Our server finally comes by and says it will be out soon. Nearly 15 minutes later, our food finally comes out. We had ordered the sopapillas, beef fajitas, and a corndog for our child...which took over an hour to cook apparently. By this time we have had our fill of chips, coke and iced tea and are ready to enjoy this highly rated food. The Rice - dry. Beans - ok but needed a tad more salt. Fajitas - veggies over-salted and meat was not good quality. The beef tasted like it was stewed and just not very tasty unless coated in sour cream. My husband said their red chile sauce was ok, but nothing to rave about. In the end, I ended up sticking to the beans and loading up on my iced tea and more chips. Now, I am notorious for brining home my left overs, even if the food was just ok. I brought nothing home and left nearly a full plate fajitas. We are major foodies and have been known to travel long distances for good food. If you want authenticity, go to Comedor Guadalajara. If you want good authentic "New Mexico" Cuisine, go to La Parilla Suiza. These are places that, even if they have a high ticket time, the food is well worth it. Just because you cook everything in green chiles, does not make it good  or classify it as New Mexico Cuisine. We will definitely not be going back to La Ristra
1	This resturant needs to take a good look at its self,  for a newly opened resturant the walls were dirty, the glasses had water spots, we waited almost five minutes standing for someone to acknowledge us and one of the table must not had been level so they placed a piece of cardboard under the leg to level it. We should have left at that point but wanted to give this new local business a chance. The food took forever to come out, our waiter did keep us updated on its status and kept saying he was sorry it was taking so long and for the wait.  The food when it did arrive almost 50 minutes after we arrived and ordered was terrible.  The order came out wrong,  the red sauce was so hot I had to scrape it off so I could eat my burrito, the beans and rice had no taste at all.  We asked for the manager who advised us this was NEW MEXICAN style food and was suppose to be hot and spicy. He also advised they had a mild sauce they used on kids meals,  and offered to make us another burrito with that sauce. Now lets face it  I did eat my orginial order so why would I want another one?  We tried to explain that if the style of food was suppose to be that hot and spicy then they should let people know about the option of the "kids sauce"  but he didnt want ot hear it and keep saying it was New Mexcian Style cooking.   There was another group of people (8) sitting across from us  who sent their food back because it was too hot and one person from their group not only didnt finish his meal but it took to long he had to leave.My recommendation is not to eat at this resturant unless you really like very spice no flavor food, have all day to wait for it, and spend alot for crappy food.The one star is for the waiter who truely felt bad about the food and our experience.
1	We decided to try out La Ristra this past week. The restaurant itself is very nice. Love the decor, colors, tables, etc. The location itself is mainly what earned it the 1 star.Our server was ok. Both my partner and I opted for the 2 entree combo meals. I had the machaca enchilada and green pork tamale. My partner had a taco and enchilada. The chips and salsa were really good, minus the mild salsa. The mild salsa had too much of a tomato taste to it. As far as the entrees go, we were not asked if we wanted red or green for the enchiladas. The server did not seem educated on the whole idea of red and green from New Mexico. I had to ask which chile sauce came on my enchilada, as I wanted green.The actual meal itself was very bland. I don't know if it was an off night...but if not they need to add some flavor. The only thing you tasted from the green sauce was spice. (Which I do like spicy!) The machaca was tough and not tender as it should be. The beans and rice were absolutely flavorless. Our bill was outrageous for just mediocre food. We could've gone somewhere and had a meal full of flavor for how much we paid.
5	Grand Opening week of a New Mexican Tequila Bar and restaurant!  La Ristra has menu laden with Hatch green chilis, sopapillas, and tapas.  I started with Papa's Bravas which remind me of a Tapas I'd had in Madrid, and perfect for my 5 year too since, he is sensitive to spicy food.  The menu has both a Quesadilla and Cheese Crisp.  I had to ask since, to me they were synonyms.  They recommended the Cheese Crisp for kids because it is simpler.      For me I ordered the Red and Green Chili plate which was a large portion of the Hatch Green Chilis and another red chili which simmers all day with chucks of adovada pork which is flavorful and tender.  My belly is still warm from chilis while I write this review.  It was great portion of meat.  I normally do not finish my food at a mexican food restaurants due to large portions, but this time I couldn't stop eating.  It was delicious.  Be careful with the 3 salsas that come with the complimentary chips.  Two of the salsas are quite spicy.  The owners were friendly.  They came around and asking how everything was.  They mentioned they are going to have live music on the weekends.  I am excited to see what they bring in....
2	I  wanted to check out the recently opened  La ristra, as it is in my area.   Decor was nice,  but they need to learn how to keep it  clean.   Dirty table and cloudy glasses are a real turn off.Margarita my wife ordered was fairly tasty, but very weak on the tequila, and it was way overpriced.    Service just ok.   Waited much too  long  for our food, and when it finally arrived,  the order was wrong.    Waitress told me I was in the wrong,  so I just ate what she gave me ( shredded beef burro plate).   The burro plate was pretty good to be fair.   The black bean tostada that  my wife ordered, was cold, and just ok.    Waitress later returned to apoligized, admitting she did get it wrong.    Burro plate ended  up  on the house, but  I dont think it was enough to put this place on the regular rotation.   Time heals all and  I could see myself giving the place another shot, if it is still open in a couple of months.
5	I found the restaurant from a friends FB post.  Checked it out on 6/29 and was back 6/30.  The ambiance is fantastic!  It has a very cozy and welcoming feel to it.  Only had margaritas on my first visit but they are fantastic as are the complimentary chips and three salsas!  Not too warm for me but if you sweat with mild salsa, then you better watch out :)I went back the next day for lunch.  The red and green chilli plate I had was delicious and spicy!  There is a whole lot more to try there and I plan on it!The bar is a thing of beauty!  They have quite a selection of tequilas and it looks like a work of art.  The staff was fantastic and very friendly!  I can't wait to go there again!
4	We finally gave this place a try for lunch on July 4th.  We had great service; greeted the minute we walked in the door, seated quickly, received water asap. Our server came out with chips and salsas, explaining the heat and spices of each. After looking at the menu he offered to answer any questions we might have. We weren't rushed or made to feel like it was an eat-and-go type of place. The sauces are spicy, but I say most folks know that New Mexico Mexican is not like your run of the mill Mexican food. They traditionally use more variations of chilies with different levels of heat. Don't fault the restaurant. When I try something new, I want something new. Our food was great. I tried the green corn tamale and pork enchilada, both with green sauce, black beans & rice. Thoroughly enjoyed it. My husband had the blue corn enchiladas from the specialties section of the menu. The pork was tender and flavorful. Not too hot but 'warm'. The portions are quite generous. My only issue was that my food was not nearly as (oven) hot as my husband's plate seemed to be. I believe my food was ready before his. Other than that it was a great lunch experience. The next time we go we'll ask to sit in the bar area at the tall tables. This is a family friendly restaurant. I wouldn't say they cater to kids, but you can feel comfortable dining there with young ones. Sometimes I just want to sit with the grown ups, so that's why I'll ask for the bar area.
1	Arizona does not know how to do New Mexican food! FYI 3/4 of this restaurant is a bar. Service was terrible. Waitress brought out the completely wrong order and when I asked her to correct it, she brought it out wrong for the second time! Finally I asked for a to go box so I could simply take it home and eat and that took way longer than it should have. They do have "red" and "green" Chile but it is not authentic New Mexican. I can say like some other reviewers that  the chips and salsa were good but I would not go back. I REALLY wanted to like this place but too many negatives! When I finally ate the food I would say it was ok, not terrible, not spectacular but definitely not New Mexican.
5	Wow! What a great place for a night with friends and family. Went to La Ristra recently with my kids and had a great experience. My food was delicious and unique. The kids were happy with their choices. Their favorite was the homemade Choco Taco! Great place to go in the Phoenix area.
5	Decided to try this new place and not disappointed.  We loved the atmosphere and remodel they've done.  Very comfortable and welcoming.  We sat at the high tables, which we enjoy, but didn't feel like we were in the bar. The salsas were good and spicy too, but not too hot.  We each tried something different and all 3 dishes were quite different and all tasty. The blue corn enchiladas with the Christmas style as they call it (both red and green sauce) was the fav at our table. We'll definitely be back for more food,  margs and Negro Modelo in tap!
4	We have eaten here more than 2x a week since they opened. My husband is stuck on the Green Chili stew. He loves it! I on the other hand am all over the menu! So far everything has been great. Our Sopas were pretty flat the first night. Being from all over New Mexico I know how they serve them there...BIG and FLUFFY. The next time we were there they were bigger. The ambiance is fantastic! Salsa are TRUE!! brings back memories! The owner and his wife are very friendly! Our servers are always friendly, prompt and know the menu.Great place for family, friends, you name it!
5	Went back again. I just don't understand the reviews about "too hot" or "not New Mexican" New Mexican cuisine is supposed to be spicy as opposed to "Mexico City" cuisine such as La Parilla Suiza. This is great flavorful, and spicy food. There are non-spicy options, but the spice is what I love. Great food, great service...and an incredible selection of Tequilas. Just a great place and I love it.
5	Wow great atmosphere and food. Beautiful decor. Salsa is tasty if you like it hot (I do). Good selection of New Mexican cuisine.  The food is anything but bland. Can't wait to go again and try something new!  Try it and you will be hooked.
5	I would suggest this restaurant to anyone. Great food at atmosphere. Cannot wait to come back and try something else. Owner is very friendly. Good to see and owner out and about in the restaurant!
5	I give this place 5 stars first because of the service I receive. If Jj Becca, or Julie are serving you, then you can certainly count on good service. They are personable, friendly, always make sure you are taken care of and things are clean and tidy. The owner is very nice and really cares about his guests and their opinions.  The food is great! Highly recommend the blue corn enchiladas and the farmers burro.
5	If you have lived in New Mexico for an extended period of time.  You know that you have an addiction to Green Chile.  The Bad Green Monkey on your back.  Well I got a great dose of the old Carne Adovada that took me right back to those nights at Sadie's in Downtown Albuquerque (well its on 4th or 2nd street, killer Margaritas too who the hell can remember LOL) I digress....  La Ristra has some great New Mexican plates, A little fancy, a little pricey and lets just say you won't take a doggie bag home.  But!! By GOD you will enjoy it and I guarantee you will go back only if you are a true Green Chile Aficionado.Its in an odd place and the decor is reminiscent of a typical New Mexican cafe So Man up get ya some green, I dont know if they have wimp food.  My mind kinda goes blank after the first bite and I usually dont remember looking around at anything during the eating frenzy.  Good stuff
4	We would have given it the full 5 stars if it weren't for the weak and flavorless margaritas we got.  This place has a "tequila bar" and as my husband and I are huge margarita experts (we think so, lol),  we ordered the Enchanted margaritas which stated that it had two shots of tequila in it and to be prepared.  Not even a hint of tequila flavor at all.  The food however, was really flavorful and satisfying.  We opted to order ala cart as we wanted to sample before committing to a large entree plate each.  We loved the chicken enchilada in green sauce, the blue corn tamale, and had both the black and pinto beans.  Yum!  And honestly plenty enough.  The chips and three different types of salsa were good too.  We will definitely be returning but will opt for a beer instead of a margarita for sure!
5	Very Clean, Ice Cold beer, had a table of 7 and everyone was impressed. Great service from Kelsie!
4	The son of the owners of Los Dos Molinos will do well here. Good draw from the neighborhood, great Tequilas, and terrific food!
5	Service was excellent and so was the food. We had the house margaritas, probably the best house margaritas I've had. Great atmosphere. Sorta hard to find. We'll be back for sure!
4	My wife and I went to try out the digs before it was all finished and found it to be a pretty sweet find!  The chips and salsa were tasty with bland to spicy choices (but the initial serving size on the salsa was pretty lame... Ok, they did willingly return several times to give us more!!  Yeah!!)  You could tell the learning curve was just kicking in, but in spite of that, the servers were pleasant, engaged and willing to go that extra mile to please!  MARGARITAS are AWESOME!!  BEST in GILBERT BY FAR!! We'll be back to see how things trend for sure!! The Traditional Burrito Plate was tasty with the adovada pork and Christmas style enchilada sauces.  The Southwest Chopped Salad was tasty once my wife realized to use the spicy salsa as the dressing!!  Fair serving sizes meant nothing to pack up to take home but also no room for dessert! :)  Big Hatch Chili shin dig this weekend so we're heading out to check it out and savor some sweet smells and cool tastes!!
5	I have now been to La Ristra twice, and both times the food has been amazing. The chips and salsa is some of the best I've ever had, especially the green salsa. The house margarita is good, and last night I had some of the papas bravas from the appetizer menu- the description didn't sound too appealing to me, but they were great! As for my entree- last time, I got the farmer's burrito chimi style. I asked to get pinto & black beans instead of meat, which they had no trouble accommodating. The portion size is HUGE- it fed me for three meals total. Last night, I got the blue corn enchiladas, stacked with an egg on top, with adovada pork. The pork is incredible- perfectly tender and such good flavor. It's a new restaurant, and I think they still have some kinks to work out, but overall I really love this place and can't wait to go back.
5	I have lived in El Paso, Central Arizona, and Albuquerque for many years and have loved New Mexican style foods (e.g. Sadie's, El Pinto, Julio's Cafe Corona, Tomasita's Santa Fe Station, Maria's New Mexican Kitchen, Rancho De Corrales, Los Dos Molinos, etc.).  La Ristra is amazing - I love their fresh salsa selections.  Try the lunch special - it is sure to fill you up (ends at 3PM) and is very easy on the wallet.  The Margaritas are fantastic so I will suggest you don't drink and drive!   This is a very busy restaurant so it may take a while since everything is prepared to order - but well worth it!
1	We waited for 75 minutes and weren't even close to being seated. The front desk looked and acted clueless. It was truly unbelievable. We left hungry and frustrated. The food looked really really good though.
4	La Ristra is a new, family owned restaurant that has some growing pains.  The owners are aware of the negatives and are working to address them.  I ate lunch there today, after driving by many times.  The location sucks with no direct way to get to or from the restaurant.  The decor of the restaurant is very nice - they've done a lot of work and have a nice, clean facility.  The wait staff was polite and attentive.  One of the owners came by several times to check on things.  The food was good.  The enchiladas were tasty but the black beans were very bland - kind of like right out of can with a little melted cheese on top.  They have a happy hour that sounds pretty good.  I support local, non-chain restaurants and will give this one a second visit in a month or so after they have the time to smooth out the rough edges.  I recommend you give it a try!
3	I ordered a Watermelon Rita and got a 14oz drink in a 16oz glass. Looked 3 quarters full so I asked about it... Manger came to explain how it was 14oz in 16oz glass... Really?  Please sell a full glass of alcohol?!?The food was tasty and enjoyed the salsa that came with the chips. Each of the 3 of us enjoyed what we ordered.  Food was good..... Drinks?  Could be a top tier restaurant...
5	I've been in twice now, and have been pleased each time. Dishes made with real, scorching-hot New Mexico chilies for the daring, and Spanish-style tapas for those who prefer tamer fare. Come to think of it, they may be the only folks in town who combine the cuisines of Spain and New Mexico, and I like the result. Pretty much any carne adovada dish is worth a try. Finally, as a margarita connoisseur who's been known to send back a lame marg (especially those made with off-the-shelf premix), I can definitely rate the Enchanted margarita as top-notch!
5	As others have mentioned, this is a great place to get your New Mexico food experience.  We had been to Los Dos Molinos several times on the way back from Dbacks games but this was closer and wanted to try.  Turns out the owners are related.  Great cooking must run in this family because this was an awesome meal. Started with their tasty and not greasy chips with 3 sauces from mild to spicy, all great.   I had the Carnitas which can best be described as a Pork Osso Bucco.  A deliciously slow cooked Pork Shank covered in a flavorful New Mexico style Enchilada sauce served with your choice of black or pinto beans ( I got the black which are vegetarian and delicious ) as well as whole creamy potatoes and rice.  Also comes with a perfectly cooked sopapillas which were great with the honey the waitress brought us.  My wife had the Blue Corn Enchilladas made with the Adovada Pork on the named Blue tortilla with the rice and beans and a little cheese but not drowning in it.  She loved it.  Excellent presentations for both plates.  Excellent service complete with a welcome from the manager.  A definite repeat for us.
5	The food was flavorful and the staff worked as a team to make sure we received great service.
5	My wife and I lived in New Mexico for over 4 years and moved to Las Vegas right after our son was born. He just turned 7 this week and we wanted him to try some food from his home state. The food was great, the best New Mexican food I have had since leaving in 2006.  The owners took time to stop by the table and talked with me and my family for about 10 minutes.  Loved the experience and will be back soon!
2	Went here for my birthday and it was ok.the food was ok and the service was ok. We had a huge group so the waiter kept messing up our orders. My husband and I might try it out again but we are not in a hurry.
5	Great food! Great service! Nice and spicy! We will definitely go back many times! I had the Farmers burrito Christmas style. The red and green chili is the best I have had in AZ. It was excellent! My husband had the stuffed sopapilla, he said he loved it! The ambiance is nice.
4	Stopped in today for the first time for lunch w/ a friend who's a fanatic of this place (he was there opening day and bought several pounds of the fresh roasted hatch chiles). It wasn't too busy, but it was mid week lunch which I imagine most other restaurants are less busy at this time also. I've driven by after work and seen the place pretty busy, especially on sports nights. My friend said there are often 45+ minute waits for dinner on weekends.I had a lunch plate of 1 item plus rice and beans for $6.99 which is a really good price. I spend more than that at Rubios which isn't as good. The chips and salsa are great- they serve 3 kinds of salsa. A green which is pretty hot, red, and a garden style with corn and chunky tomatoes. My chicken enchilada was very moist and had good flavor. I had it covered "christmas style" with red and green sauce.  Our server/bartender JJ kept up on refills and additional chips and salsa. They have several decent sized tv's up on the walls with ESPN etc. Plenty to keep you entertained.  The bar looks pretty well stocked, I heard they have a good selection of tequilas. We learned about some new items and dishes that are coming to the menu, which is a little small but it allows them to do the dishes better. Focus on what you're good at and own it... anything with the green chiles are awesome (said my tablemates).
2	I had the Pork Green Chile plate.  It was basically soup with a few (and I mean few) chunks of pork.  Flavor was fair at best compared to other New Mexican restaurants I have been.  I have to agree with another reviewer.  They cannot do rice and beans.  Now the goods.  I did like the flavor of their green chile salsa.  My wife and mother did say the margarita flight was very good.  My suggestion would be to come for the drinks and only order food once you are tipsy enough to not care how your food tastes.
5	Highly recommend this place.  I almost purchased this restaurant but I didn't because its kinda hard to get to.  But boy I tell you what I made it in there today and it was worth the U-turn on Lindsay.  Located between Lindsay and Gilbert its tucked away in a mostly Business park,  Use to be the old Chuys,  about a 1/4 of a mile east of Lifetime fitness.  The food was fantastic and the pricing was on target for the portions you got.  My burrito was chimi style with this great Christmas sauce on top my mouth is watering now as I am writing this.  I plan on taking my friends there tomorrow evening.  I hope you are successful because your food is uniquely tasty and the service is impeccable.  No I am going to yelp about you all.  I want you to be successful so I can continue to eat there.  Best wishes for a successful future.
3	- The red posole is pretty good.  Needs to be thicker and more stew-like, but great flavor.  The red chiles are the perfect touch.- The carnitas were juicy, but could be a little saltier.- The chicken tacos were pretty bland.- The shredded beef tacos were excellent.  Lots of flavor and very tender.- The red and green salsas both had some pop and were great with both chips and our mains.
2	What a disappointment!   The ambiance is nice.  Great lounge and wonderful selection of tequila's but if you are here to eat - we have way better in this area!   The food is bland and lifeless.   Neither my husband's entree or mine came to the table hot in the middle and they lacked seasoning.  My burrito was soggy and boring.  My husband's burrito was ice cold in the middle.   The salsa's are different but the chips are not freshly made like other venues.   The service is very attentive - honestly and the manager was very polite and apologetic upon hearing about our dining experience.  We will not be back though.  Too bad.
5	I love this place. The Cadillac Margarita is amazing. Food is well prepared and flavorful. Support your local family owned restaurant!
4	I live around the corner from this place & have been meaning to try it, so today when I had a hankering for green chili, I picked up some takeout.The place had a great bar/cocktail area & a nice separate dining room, from what I saw. I got the green chile pork stew & it came with well seasoned rice, chips and three different salsas, of which the verde was especially good! The stew was really good... super tender pork & I love the addition of potatoes & pinto beans. I'll be back here for sure :)-Rageous
2	Mediocre food.  Green Chili Stew recommended by staff was over done and with no chicken.  Egg rolls were flavorless.  Atmosphere is good, fast service.
1	Very disappointed in this place.  All the food i ordered was overly spicy... I love spicy food but this was just spicy to a point of unenjoyable. Chicken was very bland but the beef was actually decent - probably the only positive thing of my experience. Also, the price was NOT WORTH the portion.  I'm not sure if they skimped on it since I was a take-out order, but I was shocked at how little food I got.
5	I don't normally write reviews, but felt i needed too today. I eat her almost once a week eating my way through the various delicious menu items. Today it was the Red Posole, WOW!! If your a true fan of authentic Posole you must give this one a try.Great people, Great service and a comfortable atmosphere. If you haven't been here or if it's been awhile. I suggest you stop in.
5	I loved this place!  Not only was the food great, the service was great as well.  I tried a variety of things here: appetizers, soup, main course, drinks, and dessert.  Everything was amazing.  The atmosphere is awesome, it definitely has that unique bistro feel to it, nothing like a chain restaurant.  I am surprised by any negative feedback.  The owner personally greeted me and told me the story behind the restaurant.  He is the type of business owner who would bend over backwards to make his customers happy.  Go in and ask to meet him!  I highly recommend this place, especially during lunch or if you're looking for a nice night out on the weekend!
4	I am sold on La Ristra! Customer service is Back!I must come back and try everything on the Menu!Flavor is essential in any dish and they have it nailed down tight!I will be back!
4	Been going here since they first opened up and so far we have always had good service and great food.  We try to get there for Happy Hour and enjoy their 2 for 1 Enchanted Margaritas, of course they have a huge tequila selection to try. The owner always takes a minute to greet us and then will follow up to ask us how the food was.  Their Adovada Pork is seasoned and spiced just right and those Pork Carnitas on the bone ares always tender and taste wonderful!
5	My wife and I ate here last Friday night. We got there very late, about 20 minutes before close. This makes me extremely nervous, but both the service and the food were exception. My wife never likes Mexican food and she loved this place. The stacked enchiladas are just awesome.
5	We have been faithful customers of this restaurant since it opened! We are people who eat out A LOT, and the food here is outstanding!! We always go with the New Mexican Traditional burrito plate with adovado pork with green sauce. It is spicy but FULL of flavor! All of their homemade salsas are great too! One thing we love here is the customer service! The owners are extremely friendly and have learned who we are. Our young daughter has severe food allergies to many things so they know she can only eat the tortilla chips! They are so kind & gracious to her! We highly recommend this family owned & operated place! You will not be disappointed!!
2	Nice atmosphere. Good tequila selection. However, a "New Mexican" grill that doesn't use New Mexico chile. I'm sorry but that's just not right. There is no comparison to authentic New Mexican food when authentic ingredients are used. I was born and raised near Hatch so I know. The food isn't bad. It's somewhat overpriced. The staff does seem to try to hurry you thru. Overall a little disappointing for me. Mostly because if the big claims yet being an expensive knock-off.
2	Food is visually pleasing, beyond that I can't say too much good.  The food is extremely bland, no taste what so ever. I have no idea how they get any reviews above 2 stars, I give the taste a 1 star, but the presentation a 4.  The meats taste like they are boiled with no spices at all, the beans and rice are totally blah.  The cheese enchilada and cheese crisp are quite good but again the Hatch chilies are not spicy at all, how does that happen? The chips are cold, they have 3 salsas, the mild is full of corn and horrible , the red is okay and a bit spicy, the green is pretty good and has a bite to it. Just not enough good to make us want to go back .
3	Would have given 4 stars but the fajitas were meh. BUT the Carnitas are a Godsend! Literally the best i've had! we will return!! Spicy but flavorful!
5	We are from NM and have been trying to find real New Mexican food since we moved here.  We stumbled upon this restaurant today and were pleasantly surprised!  Real green and red chile, authentic NM cuisine.  If you're from the Land of Enchantment,  check out La Ristra!
1	This was the second time we had visited La Rista. The first time service was extremely slow and they sat us in the bar next to a group of extremely loud intoxicated 21 year olds. Tonight we waited over an hour for a table after we were informed it was a 40 min  wait. Finally had to walk out. Definitely not going to give this place another chance.
2	House tequila is Montezuma Gold. Haven't drank that crap since I lived in a cardboard box. The server literally messed up every part of our orders; red sauce for green, shredded beef for ground beef, black beans for pinto. And he forgot every extra item we asked for. The food was very bland. The salsas were good, so we just doused everything with it. The restaurant decor was nice. Not sure what salsa music has to do with New Mexico, but that was the music playing. Like other reviewers said : stick with New Mexican Grill.  That place is great.
5	Loved this place!! Thanks to groupon we went off our beaten path and tried this place out (we are seldom west of valvista!). My husband has been on a chile relleno quest so the minute I mentioned restaurant had one on the menu, he took a left and headed straight over. First of all, the place is gorgeous on the inside with high ceilings, beautiful decor and nice looking bar. We came at 4 for happy hour and sat in the restaurant area, which was understandably a bit empty that early. Fine with us, we had great attention and speedy service.We started off with a couple margaritas, salsa, guacamole and something called Papas Bravas. The spicy red and green salsa was on point with great flavor and kick...bout time someone's not afraid of spicy salsa! The guacamole was nice and chunky and those potatoes...wow. Covered in a nice and spicy red chile sauce and cooled down with a sour cream sauce, these were delish! Only thing I thought was throw some chorizo in there and they would be epic. We next ordered the hub's relleno. We got the one stuffed with the pork Adovada. I'm used to rellenos battered but this one was grilled and wrapped in a fried egg. I would prefer the batter myself but my husband said this was the best he'd ever had. And actually, with that tender pork inside, I would have to agree. We of course took advantage of the dessert menu and got the fried banana thing...crispy, sweet an drizzled in caramel and chocolate. Can't go wrong with that.To sum it up, we had a great time. Wonderful food, awesome and attentive service, and we appreciated the owner stopping over to see how we enjoyed it. We will most definitely be back!
3	Service was good. The food is very spicy and not for those who don't have a high tolerance. The chicken tortilla soup with sopapillas was very flavourful and good.
2	My boyfriend said the black beans had no flavor and tasted like they came out of a can and the spanish rice had the texture from being in some sort of heat source for too long. I did not like their red chili as it was somewhat bland.  The ambiance and service was good though.
5	Great New Mexican food! I had the blue corn pork enchiladas and it was delicious. Nice setting, great service, and good prices.
4	Very creative menu. The venue is comfortable with a large dining room with 30 ft ceiling so the noise level is not bad. It has a bar section which seemed comfy and inviting. Ken, our server, was knowledgeable and polite. He had excellent knowledge of the menu and made great suggestions. I had chicken with avocado, rice and black beans.....Yum! I'd go back in a heartbeat.
5	We have been going to LaRistra once a week since they opened their doors. Service is outstanding, food is beyond compare, and over 100 brands of Tequila. What else can you ask for. House margarita is the best on the valley.  The owners are very personable and the staff very friendly.  If going on a Friday night, make reservations. They are usually packed between 5 and about 8:30 ish. Also, try Brunch on Sunday with Bloody Mary and mimosa specials.
4	Came in with my groupon. Service was excellent, the manager brought out food and checked on us while we were eating. House margarita was yummy, as was the carne asada. Socorro Chicken was ok, chicken was just plain, but cooked well. The star of the show was the red salsa! We will be back!
4	Food was very good! Had the stuffed sopapillas and chimichanga farmer style with christmas sauce.  Service was excellent. Loved the 3 different salsas that came with the chips.
1	This is our first time coming here. The service wasn't that good. Our waiter was pretty awkward and the people that brought out the food were rude. My son got his food first and finished five minutes before the rest came out. The food itself was very bland. We all got something different and they got the orders  wrong. The chicken was tasteless as well as the beans and rice. The pork was okay. The chips and salsa were the best part of the meal. If you have a couple of margaritas it won't make a difference what the food tastes like.
5	Had my first taste at the Small Business Alliance meeting and was impressed with the sampling so I decided to do a lunch there today.  I had the pork abodada green chili wrap, now I love New Mexican food but this thing was amazing. They packed so much flavor into that wrap I could not believe I was still in Arizona
5	Went to eat here based on a friends recommendation.   Purchased a groupon and met everyone down there.   Ended up getting served by the owner who honored our groupon even though it was Saturday and the groupon clearly stated Monday through Thursday.  Enjoyed the meal and service.  Portions were big and salsas and guacamole were great.  Owner operated business with owners who care.  Definitely worth trying out.
3	decent food w/ a chill environment.
4	We went  for the first time tonight and we really enjoyed our dinner.the  green chili Is some of the best we've ever had, margaritas  were awesome love the fact that you have over 100 tequila choices, Service was great, food delivered fast and hot, couldn't ask for better experience. The owner John is super nice, and I join the Tequila Club, What a cool idea to have your own engraved shot glass waiting for you. We will be back next week
5	AWESOME.  I went here for lunch, and LOVED the Blue Corn Enchiladas with the shredded beef.  Not your average enchiladas, the blue corn tortillas were stacked and layered with the beef, cheese, and a red sauce that was perfect.  The fried egg on top was surprisingly good, really added to flavor.  My favorite part was the sopapilla- like a light pillow of deliciousness, drizzled with honey.  Oh, the housemade salsa to start with was also amazing.  Waitress was sweet and attentive, and I felt very welcomed, as the owner even stopped by to see how things were going.  I will definitely be back, there were a ton of other things on the menu that I want to try next!
4	If you're not familiar with New Mexican food; be warned: it is pretty darn hot! Its very good at La Ristra though and somewhat more high brow than some I've tried. The portions are a little large for me partly because I drink a gallon of tea to douse the heat. Its a little expensive in my opinion but the service makes it worth the extra few dollars.
5	HIGHLY recommend this place if you enjoy some New Mexican cuisine in your life. The chips and salsa are a great way to start it off- my only complaint (if there is one) is that the salsa bowls aren't big enough! That's ok, it helps me save room for the entree, which is worth saving room for!  I have had the blue corn enchiladas,  which are great, and this last time I had the adovada burrito Christmas style - wow! So flavorful and so tender. Food like that keeps you coming back,  that's for sure! Oh and the black beans were great too... Unfortunately I didn't have enough room for the rice but my fiance had no trouble finishing it up! I saw their orders of nachos (which you can also get with adovada) and they're definitely big enough to share. I know they're also a tequila bar but I haven't tried any- yet. With food like that though, I know I'll be back and maybe I'll give it a whirl next time!
3	This place is well decorated but DARK...a sconce or candle would be nice. The food was pretty good..a little spicy for me...we would have liked a bigger menu.  Steve provided attentive service.
4	We came here on my brother's recommendation. We loved it. Spicy and well made. Chips are just okay but the margaritas are excellent. I had green chili pork. Had to order flour tortillas on the side which I thought would come with it. Hubby had tacos and beef enchilada. Loved the red sauce. BFF had chimi. Yummo!
5	Don't go to La Ristra expecting run-of-the-mill Mexican food (like what you can find at a hundred other places in and around Phoenix). La Ristra is NEW Mexican cuisine, and it's far and away superior to shredded-cheddar-and-refried-beans. I visit La Ristra often, and haven't had a bad meal yet.  I'm probably 60% thru the menu. The food is just great, and they are not afraid to put some heat into it, either. But for my taste, it's always perfect; hot, but flavorful, and never too hot. Close, but never over the edge. I think my favorite so far is the Farmer's Burrito (with pork) served Christmas Style (red and green sauce). But it's hard to choose because everything is so good. Add a great casual bar atmosphere, live music on the weekends (including me!), friendly staff, 100+ tequilas (and a tequila club!) and how can you do better?
2	Today was the second time I've experienced La Ristras. I ordered the green chili cheese burger with a fried egg. There are few better pairings than a juicy cheese burger with hatch green chilies. The burger was under seasoned and in much need of salt,  the chilies were mild at best and the egg was fried with not an ooze of yolk. Overall I found the food to be disappointing. The chips and salsa were good, the service was fine but the food left much to be desired. On my only previous visit I ordered the Green Chili Stew, it was fine but not any better than I could make at home. I have a huge place In my heart for New Mexican cuisine but this is not filling that void.
4	Tried this place for the first time a couple weeks ago and loved it! Our server Brad had a great understanding of the menu and made some excellent suggestions. Food was great! Service was awesome!
4	This place is hard to find tucked away in commercial pad with Urgent Care, Insurance Co and a school.  We came because of a Groupon and we heard from several foodie friends this place was very good. We came on a Wednesday evening and at first there were not very many customers even though they had happy hour until 6pm.  We got a table right away and the service was extremely slow.  We had we think a new server......although he was super nice he was a little unorganized and it took forever to get our drinks, order our food and get our food.  Once we got our food it was all excellent.  The green chili everything was excellent, the adovada burrito was delicious and even better the next day as left overs.  We really, really love New Mexican style and everything was absolutely delicious.  If you are in the area...this is must try.  Hopefully, you will get better service but it was definitely worth the wait.
1	Not good.  The food was luke-warm on a hot plate.  The carne adovada was bland and had a giant piece of snotty fat in it.  The salsas looked like they were reused for me from a past table.  Beans were bland.    Plus, they brought the food out faster than if I'd been at McDonald's.  At least give me the impression you cooked it back there, and at least make sure it's hot!  Really awful, and I'm sorry to say that, as it looks like a local, Gilbert joint.
5	Great new Mexican food! Great service!  Brad was our waiter and he was very friendly, prompt, helpful and had good food recommendations.  The salsa is very spicy but very delicious.  Try La Ristra!!!
1	Menu had hardley anything to choose from. Waiter seemed to be very knowledgablee but after order was taken we really didnt see him much. Food was very bland and not good tacos were suppose to come on flour tortillas but came on corn instead. Not happy at all and will not be going back.
5	I was a little skeptical about this restaurant at first. I hadn't heard much about it before going for the first time. After spending an evening dining here I am surprised I haven't heard more about this restaurant. First off the staff because they were incredible. We had the same waiter both times we have come here. He was very friendly and personable. He always made sure we were stocked up on soda as well as chips and salsa. We spoke with the owner for literally about 30 minutes about how he wants to make this restaurant great. He spoke about how the customer is always right and how he wanted to make sure everyone is always happy with service. He is open to feedback and encourages it. When you receive chips and salsa they give you three salsas which are all unique. The food came out timely and was delicious. The portions were perfect. You definitely get what you pay for. They have a tequila club where you can try 100s of different types of shots and give you your own glass that you can grab every time you come in. The bar is pretty big. Both the bar and restaurant are aesthetically pleasing.  I highly recommend giving this restaurant a shot.
5	Loved this place!  The food was very good, especially the "Stuffed sopapilla" with shredded beef and "Christmas" sauce!  YUMMY!  The owner was very personable and accommodating.  The waitress was very knowledgeable about the Tequila.  They may have had a few struggles here and there, but the food and tequila is worth it!
5	While in Gilbert my friends and I had dinner at La Ristra.  The food was delicious and the service was wonderful, Ken,  our sever for the evening was a delight.  I would recommend this restaurant to everyone or anyone that is looking to have a Mexican style dinner and be happy with the choice.  I certainly will  go back. for seconds and thirds.
5	The restaurant was very easy to find. The host sat us down quickly and was very friendly. The waiter brought us water (kids cups for my daughters which was a nice touch) and took our orders right after we sat down. My girls split the chicken strips meal. I ordered the Hatch green chile burrito and my hubby got the Mexican pizza. We waited 15 minutes for our food and everything came out hot and delicious. My burrito came with a yummy ancho chile sauce that was slightly spicy but very tasty and a nice addition to the burrito. The Mexican pizza was excellent! The strips of Hatch green chiles were wonderfully flavorful without too much spice. The crust was a flatbread so it was crispy and not too heavy for 1 person, though the portions were shareable. The kids loved the chicken and I liked that it came with beans and rice instead of fries. 5 star service and food! We will be back to La Ristra!
2	I decided to try La Ristra for lunch today. I was seated immediately by the bar tender, quickly served water and chips & salsa. I was told that the green salsa was hot, and the red wasn't as hot. I didn't taste very much heat in either one. I ordered the lunch special, which is one entre with 2 sides. I chose the chicken enchilada with black beans & rice. The only other side to choose from was pinto beans. When my lunch came out of the kitchen, the plate was too hot to touch, but I didn't even need to blow on the food. It was just warm. As for the flavor, I have to agree with some of the other reviewers that it is pretty bland. With 4 stars after 97 reviews, I had higher hopes for the food. As much as I like to support local Mom & Pop restaurants, sadly this will not be one of them.
5	Great New Mexican food. Excellent menu choices. Friendly service. Home town atmosphere. Our server was Ken, was attentive and friendly, offered several menu recommendations. Was our first time eating here. Will definitely come back again.
5	Ordered one of the house specialties- carne Adovada ribs with a Dos Equis lager on tap. Our server was Ken - very friendly and attentive. He recommended the ribs and I was very pleased - glad I tried them - delicious. Clean, comfortable seating, nice decor. Nice place to sit back and enjoy an authentic New Mexican meal. Great place to bring friends. They also have over 100 tequilas and live music in the bar.
5	Been here 2x now.I saw the bad service reviews and wanted to try it twice to see if the experience was consistent.  Both times - excellent.  Our server(s) attended to everything on time - every time.  Service was spot on.  The food was the best part.  I'm an AZ original and have been eating this family's restaurants for decades.  The youngest member of the family to open this new La Ristra location has captured the flavorful art of time-tested New Mexican inspired dishes and added a little different twist at the same time.  The best part is still the Hatch chilies that bring this menu to life.  I had the adovada ribs on my first trip and loved them.  Cooked until they were falling off the bone and covered in a rub that was hot but not ridiculous.  Very good with the house margarita and black beans and fresh tomato slices.  On my next trip I rolled up on the traditional New Mex burrito with carne adovada and green sauce.  Again - hot - not stupid - and loaded with flavor.  The tortilla had been slightly crisped before being made enchilada style (melted cheese and a crisp tortilla is always good) and the rice and beans were spiced perfectly.  The whole plate worked well.  Everyone's food arrived in a timely fashion and came out hot/fresh.  They've won my business - I'll certainly be back.
5	Great ambience, food, and service! Brad was our waiter and checked in on us throughout our meal-very attentive. Fantastic food-will be coming back :)
1	DON'T GIVE THIS PLACE YOUR BUSINESS.. I shall explainI am a officer in the military and looking for a place to take my platoon for a camaraderie dinner on myself. I walked inside this restaurant and asked for a menu then proceeded to ask "What kind of food would be New Mexican Food" The guy working the front just said "its from ...You know...The state of New Mexico" in a very rude and cocky tone as if I was a 2 year old. I handed him the menu then left. I have never once eaten at this location and will continue to never eat there..EVER
5	Having lived in New Mexico while in the USAF, I grew to love the cuisine.  With La Ristra here in Gilbert, I can now get my Green Chili Fix whenever I need to... which is often.  The staff here are extremely friendly and will take the time to explain the menu and give their recommendations.   The Blue Corn Enchiladas are a must.  The portion sizes are generous and will most likely prompt the to - go box!  So glad my wife and I were recommended to try this awesome eatery
5	We were visiting Gilbert and were looking for some good Mexican Food. As always we pull up our Yelp app on our smart phones to find the best local cuisine. La Ristra seemed to pique our interest. Sure glad we did, the food was great, salsa was hot and the Margaritas kicked butt. Our waiter Ivan was awesome and service was impeccable.Glad we found this place and will be back in the future.
3	This was good, but not in a hurry to return.  The margaritas weren't that good.  The guacamole was good and the salsas were average.  The adovada ribs and carne asada were REALLY good!  The green chile platter with beef and the carnitas were good, but nothing special.  Our waiter was very nice, attentive and helpful!   Overall good, nothing special.
3	I waffled back and forth between giving it no stars and then giving it five stars. I'm perplexed by this place. Went in on a Saturday evening, it was early and seating was good. My friend and I were led to a table by a stone pillar on the patio. This table, I kid you not, was probably not bigger than two feet square. I mean, SMALL. We waited a bit for the waiter to come by, but we weren't in a big hurry. He took our drink orders and then came back with a small (seriously) basket of chips and three different salsas or dips. None of the cups were very full. They all had a different taste, but weren't anything that I wanted to devour. They just sort of sat there and managed to stave off hunger for a bit. We ordered a side of guacamole (for $5.99) and it came out really bland. We asked someone to bring us lemons and we added that and salt to make it edible. I really hate when I have to make something taste good with additives. I prefer it to be great from the start. Very small portion also.When we ordered the guac we also ordered the cheese crisp. I specifically said 'for an appetizer we'd like...' We then proceeded to also order dinner since they really do give you a lot of time before they check back with you. So, out comes the cheese crip and our dinners. We told them we wanted the cheese crisp as an appetizer before we ate and then somehow everything disappeared. By the time the cheese crisp reappeared it was greasy and cold. It was okay, but we were disappointed that it wasn't hot because the waiter was running it around the restaurant for some bizarre reason. Also, to anyone not blind you could tell the table was not about to hold more than drinks and a couple of plates and maybe the guac so I have no idea why they brought everything we ordered at once. The table held nothing. Funny thing, too, there was PLENTY of space for bigger tables. I don't know why that one was so small. Ridiculous.So, we finally tell the waiter that we're ready for dinner (after about 15 minutes of getting our appetizer) and he hauls the plates out just as he'd taken them back. The food had a sheen to it so it was obvious that they just warmed the plates. Just rude service. Don't make a mistake then make me keep paying for it. Cold cheese crisp, warmed over food because you don't listen and take orders correctly. I was getting bent. I ordered the blue corn enchiladas with cheese and a fried egg on top. The over-easy egg was genius. It was mouth watering (for being lukewarm). My friend had a combo plate with a taco that looked good, but I was losing my appetite fast. Funny enough, the food (outside of the chips/dip/guac) was delicious. We also had drinks (I had the frozen margarita flight of four different kinds) that were out of this world so if they could get their crap together this might be a pretty fantastic place. To end this disappointing evening there were kids running like banshees all over the place screaming like toddlers (they had to have been 9 or 10). I mean, seriously? Who doesn't hear that and put an end to it? I don't pay these prices so I have my evening ruined by people who can't control their kids. We hightailed it out of there and went to finish our evening elsewhere. I might give this another try, but honestly with the service they provide I'm not sure I'd be willing to pay to be treated like that again. Sadly.
5	Awesome food and service. John and Andrea are great owners/hosts and the staff is great (thanks Brad and Ken) GOOD FOOD!  Adovada ribs and stuffed sopapillas rock!  You gotta try it!We will make this a regular place to eat for sure! And don't forget the tequila selection.
4	Much better, La Ristra! Much better! Went back the next night, Sunday, and sat at the bar. There was no one in there and the baseball game was on so it was a good time to drink, you got it, MORE MARGARITAS. I think they should just turn the place into a margarita bar and build on a room for me so I didn't have to go far for the cactus pear margarita. As it is now it's a 15 minute wait from the craving to the delicious taste of those margaritas touching my lips.I ordered exactly the same thing I did the night before. And guess what? It was steaming hot AND delicious. I couldn't ask for more. The only glitch was that the egg came out over hard on my enchiladas instead of sunny side up, but they fixed it quickly and I was back to enjoying my food again. It was sublime! I love this place. Even the waiter, Brad, who waited on me came by and said he was having an off night and to come by again and he'd kick ass for me. I'm totally taking him up on that.  Ken is another waiter with awesome suggestions for drinks/food/etc. He's super personable and I really like his friendliness. They really have great people working there. I have now changed my review to: GET THE HELL THERE AS FAST AS YOU CAN.
5	We first visited La Ristra a couple weeks ago when they were kind enough to donate a portion of that night's sales to the family of my 9-yr-old son's classmate who recently passed away.  A restaurant that supports their community already had my vote before we walked in. Besides, we'd never even seen the place from the street previously, as it's the cornerstone of a medical office-y type complex. The interior of the restaurant was beautiful- reds, deep woods..very classy and romantic. Although I'm not exactly sure what "New Mexican" means, everything was amazing. My son had a chicken quesadilla, filled to the brim and so good.  My husband ordered tacos, which he said were perfectly tasteful and unique. I had a shredded beef burrito and the thing that will bring us back is the fresh flavor of the beef. The sangria was also very flavorful- not too fruity, not too bland. I have recommended La Ristra to 8 people on 8 separate events since this visit.  Three friends have taken my advice and they loved it as well.  I really REALLY hope that this place is able to stay in business, since a lot of my new favorite places haven't done well in the past couple years.  Last thing I want to mention is that they have a full bar area separate from the restaurant, and outside seating. This would be an awesome Happy Hour joint.PLEASE support this community-minded restaurant!
5	I came to this restaurant a couple of weeks ago. Being from New Mexico myself, I had to verify that this was indeed "authentic". It was pretty damn close! First of all, the waiter (Brad), was very attentive and answered every question we had about the menu. He then brought out the chips and salsa. The red chili used was spicy and had a great smoky taste. Not at all bland, like red chili can be. I ordered the combination plate and got a taco, tamale and enchilada. In great New Mexican fashion, the tamale had amazing flavor. As did the taco and enchilada. My only critique would be that, instead of straight green chili being used as salsa, it would be nice to have actual hot chunky salsa. Definitely going back for more.
3	First time to La Ristra.  Immediately served chips w/salsa and water. Ordered silver margarita and that was a good start.  Took forever to get actual food order taken.  No refills on water or chips/salsa.  Waiter commented he was "freaking out".  He did recommend the ribs but admitted he hadn't sampled everything on the  menu.  Food arrived after a very long wait.  New Mexico Burrito was good but not memorable in any way -- underwhelmed is a good word to use.  Also temperature-wise although immediately served it wasn't remotely warm.  Veggie fajitas with additional green chile and jalapeno's had great taste and were served hot! (timing issues between both items being prepared perhaps?)  While there, numerous others tables with other servers were able to order and be served and probably at home long before we were able to exit. Tables adjacent to us were all having the same service issues.  Verdict?  I had friends visit the night prior with great food and service and they were surprised at my comments given their visit recommendation.  So hopefully just a bit of an off night for the place as it looks like a well run restaurant with great potential.
2	Came on a Saturday afternoon with my family of five. We were seated right away (as the place was empty) and given a trio of salsa. Pace yourself because any refills are a charge. Kids meals came out quickly. Corn dog and chicken strips were fine but my daughter's beef taco was not edible. Not only was the meat completely void of taste but the shell was stale. We got chicken nachos for the table. Not sure what the other food tasted like because the combo of oil, dried out chicken, and canned chilies, my stomach hurt too bad to eat anything else. My husband did seem pleased with his carne asada grill entree. The restaurant layout was fine and the waiter was nice but I would not return.
4	recommended by my daughter-in-law as she lives in that area. Was great food! Great service. the beer was cold. when we went it was a bit slow, as it was between lunch and dinner. they have a lot of tequila's, over 100, so you can taste and test to find your favorite. as it was lunch, we passed on the tequila. will go back. (on negative thing, and i'm just being picky here, the plastic frame that held the daily specials on the table... ours was dirty, really needed a good wipe down)
2	this place was staffed like they had never been open on a Friday night before.  pro tip: it's not a great customer perception when I can clearly see 2-3 servers just standing around and chatting at all times.  at least sneak out back and smoke like any self respecting wage slave.  the food was really bland which was weird because they bill themselves as a New Mexico style restaurant complete with south of the border spicy food.  my wife wants me to quote her here: I hate everything about this place.  sums up the experience pretty well.
5	Loved the outside patio seating. Nice atmosphere. Once we ordered from our server Brad, our food came super quick!! His suggestion to order the Blue Corn Enchiladas was right on! The pork was spicy and good - not dried out at all. Thanks so much!!
5	I found La Ristra on groupon and decided to give it a try.  We were extremely happy with the service and food.  I got the pork burrito with red and green sauce on top.  Perfect amount of spice and taste.  We are glad we tried it and will me coming back soon.
4	Delicious! Best New Mexican food we have found in Arizona! Stuffed Sopas christmas style hit the spot. Very generous with the adovada filling.
2	So I want to premise this by stating that I am not someone that goes to a restaurant trying to hate the food, especially Mexican food which has always been one of my favorites, but if your going to open a Mexican food joint in AZ you better be on point...My sister and I went here on the advice of some friends, the restaurant was clean, the service was good, we were seated immediately,  we basically had our choice of seats because the restaurant was empty, literally empty.  They brought out the chips and salsa, this to me an important first impression for any good Mexican food restaurant, if your trying to claim that you make great Mexican your salsa better be awesome, it wasn't...they offered three different kinds, a mild with corn, black bean, and tomato, that pretty much all looked and tasted like they came out of a can, a green that was decent, and a red salsa that was really watery, the flavor was okay but the consistency was really watered down and not terribly appealing.  At least the chips were fresh, like I said at this point I'm still looking for things to like lol.I ordered the "Farmers Burrito" with the adovada pork, our waitress said that anything with the pork was awesome.  It wasn't terrible (thus the two stars) it was just really bland, the pork tasted a lot like something my grandma would make in a crock pot (sorry grandma lol) but you know what I'm saying, just very bland, it had tomatoes, corn, and cheese in it also, I think it was just their "mild salsa" which again kind of tasted to me like it came of a can. My sister had the taco salad, also with the adovado pork and it was also very bland, even the dressing which was supposed to be some kind of a pablano ranch dressing just didn't have much flavor.  and tasted more like lettuce than anything else.Mexican food has long been one of my favorites because it lends itself to great flavors, more than just spice, but great southwestern flavor, in my opinion La Ristra just missed the mark.  I'm surprised by the other reviews on here, and maybe they were just having an off day, but I'm not sure I'll be back to find out.  I hope they improve,  I love small businesses, and never want to see anybody fail but a Mexican Food joint in this market better be killing it, and this just didn't do it for me...
2	Pretty sure my husband and myself had a small case of food poisoning. They charge for extra salsa!!! No Mexican restaurant should ever charge extra and they didn't even inform us when we asked for more. Won't be returning.
3	This is a good little place to eat when you're craving some of that home style food from New Mexico. They have good heat chile dishes and their salsa is decent. Try the margarita flight to see what flavor you like best.
5	Bradley is thee best server ever. Always there when I needed something. Brought out my food in a great time. It was very amazing. He was quick and very friendly. Ask for Bradley if you ever go here!!! You won't be disappointed!
4	We came here CInco de Mayo weekend and this place was rockin! We ended up eating indoors, away from the festivities because we were looking for a quieter dining experience and let me tell you, the food, service and atmosphere are great!They have well over 100 different kinds of tequila and a margarita flight where you can try four of your choice, which is actually a great deal.Here's a tip, get the enchiladas done Christmas style. They mix the red and green chile so you don;t have to pick just one! Your taste buds will thank you (and me!).
4	Friendly folks. Good menu. Generous portions. And 150 different tequilas. Seriously how is this not awesome. The blue corn enchiladas, the Jimmy chunga and the southwestern eggrolls for all very good. Like all the salsas
4	I had the traditional carne adovado burro with green sauce.  I love spicy food, and it fit the bill!    The canned Mexican music could be turned down a couple of notches - it was a little hard to communicate.  Our server was very attentive.  Afterwards, we had a drink in the bar and enjoyed the live music.  Very cozy, comfortable neighborhood bar.
5	Our Friday night ritual margaritas and the best New Mexico smokey spicy Mexican food in town. My husband and I have been coming every Friday night rain or shine since the opening. When you ask my daughter what she wants for dinner she shouts La Ristra! Out of all the servers we have had Brad is the best! Hands down he has the best service. Great patio fresh food and this place never gets old. I big red heart this place.
1	Ok, so this place kept popping up on our yelp searches so the man and I decided to give it a try since we love New Mexican style food. We walk in and the hostess says there will be live music in 20 minutes in the bar area at 8pm. Awesome, we think. We sit down and immediately notice how pricey drinks and food are. Whatever, no biggy.. I order the green and red chile plate and he gets the enchiladas. (Mind you, they only have one enchilada option). My chile plate was shredded beef with enchilada sauce on top.. And black beans, definitely canned, and rice. That's it. If I wanted beef with enchilada sauce on top, I can get that at Filibertos. Red/green chile should be cooked in the sauce and very flavorful with a little spice. Very bland! Also, it came with 1 sopapilla to put the meat on. Just 1. So I have a plate of shredded meat with nothing but 1 piece of 3"x3" dough to put it on. No tortillas. And if I wanted ONE TORTILLA it was $1.50. Ridiculous. The enchiladas were lacking in everything from cheese, sauce, to meat. He asked for more sauce for his meal and it came in a big bowl with no spoon so he poured it from the bowl. The live music, btw, was so so bad. Loud and not at all dining appropriate. To make matters worse, half way through the meal they seat 4 high school boys literally right next to us.. In the bar area. The entire time they are extremely loud and obnoxious showing each other inappropriate pics on their phones and sarcastically singing along to the live music. Isn't it illegal to have underage kids in the bar area without a parent? If not, it is at least bad management. I thought for a second we were on that reality show "Boiling Point". We couldn't get our check quick enough. With that said, service was pretty decent considering the poor guy was by himself.
2	Deifintely not what I had expected after giving this place a 3rd try..... never was any better than the 1st or 2nd times..... burger was way over-cooked, green chili was weak, I have had better out of a jar from El Pinto that is True New Mexico Quality... supposed Fries were potato cubes fried and no flavor other than the oil they were sitting in on the plate...  3X times and still not any better..... hard to believe the Family is the same as the real New Mexico Los Dos Molinos... that at least is excellent real New Mexican food... I walked out the 2nd time with my wife and youngest child due to poor service as well....
5	Such a great find!  Great happy hour.  Loved the ceviche and the 3 generation tacos.  Plus great service too.  Will be back!
1	This was my first time at La Ristra and I was not impressed. To start my experience, the hostess suggested a bar seat- we had a four year old with us and my friend was pregnant.  I saw no booths and only high top tables as I looked into the empty bar area and assuming she saw the look on my face, she then took us to the restaurant side. There were only two occupied tables in this area, with one group eating their meal.  My first impression of the menu was that it was a little pricey for regular entrees but never having eaten here this didn't put me off as I will pay good money for quality Mexican food. We were brought chips and salsa fairly quickly. The salsas were just ok and they were a very small portion.  We were offered a small side of queso for free which tasted good. I ordered a shredded beef taco salad and my friend ordered the chicken southwestern salad and a kids quesadilla meal.  It took nearly an hour to get our food. Yes, an hour for salads, with only one table ahead of us to order. What I assumed was a manager came by to ask us how our food was before we had even been served any. The kids meal was brought first with a soggy, greasy tortilla with ice cold beans and rice- literally the cheese did not melt on the beans. Very evident that quesadilla was microwaved or left to die under the heat lamp. The southwestern salad was ordered with beans on the side. Came with beans on the salad and had to be sent back. When a new one reappeared quickly, my friend found the bottom of her bowl full of water- presumably from the lettuce. She decided not to send it back a second time and instead asked the waiter for a spoon and she removed the water herself with the spoon. My salad was just ok, no real flavor with the beef, although there was a good portion of it. Both salads consisted of shredded iceberg lettuce on the bottom with field greens on the top. First of all it was strange, and seemed an obvious money saving "trick" for the restaurant.  Iceberg alone was perfectly fine for the taco salad and romaine would have been a better bet on the other salad- my opinion- trying to fancy it up with field greens just seemed odd. For two salads, a kids meal and two fountain drinks this meal was just over $30. Ridiculous.  Surprised by other reviews that this place owned by Los Dos Molinos family. Not on par  at all. This may be an ok place for happy hour if you are drinking but not a place I would visit again.  As a side note, I realize  the few reviews I have made here are not positive reviews. I tend to contact management immediately when I have a great experience while dining out.
5	Came here for the first time. Very nice inside. Brad, our server, was very helpful with the menu. Great food. Will definitely be back.
1	We came in this place and waited 5 minutes to be seated and no one greeted us and no hostess so we left.
3	I so wanted to like this place but after eating there I will just say it is OK.  This dining experience was forgettable.   Arrived and they had employees smoking on the back dock with a bunch of random equipment strewn out the door.  You have to drive around the back to get to the entrance so it is the 1st thing you see as you park.  The restaurant has typical New Mexican decor and they played country music.  Food was just Ok.   The place had no energy and felt like it had no soul.
2	We went to La Ristra on a Sunday evening to celebrate my parent's birthday's.  We were pretty disappointed overall.  We decided to try this place out based on the recommendation of a co-worker.  He actually lives close to the owner and the reviews on Yelp have been fairly positive so we thought it wouldn't be a very risky proposition.The restaurant was fairly empty but because our party was so "large" (we had six people) we had to sit in the dark, completely empty banquet room next to the table with dirty dishes stacked up.  I'm not sure why we had to do this; we could very easily have pushed two tables together in the main dining room since it wasn't particularly busy.The service was just okay.  Our waiter wasn't particularly friendly but he did go out of his way to explain the menu.  He was awkward and was unintentionally intrusive  (he interrupted more than conversation without the traditional "excuse me".)  He did forget some sides of guacamole and sour cream that were ordered.  We didn't really have an issue for that but didn't want to get billed for them, which we reminded him about.  Even then, he still only removed one of the two items from the bill.The food itself was pretty disappointing.  I had the blue corn enchiladas with rice and pinto beans.  It seemed to me that my food had been maybe sitting under a heat lamp for a while as the rice was crunchy and dried out on the top and the refried beans had that same quality.  The enchiladas were a bit lacking in flavor.  My wife had the green chili stew which she was a bit disappointed with as it also suffered from a lack of flavor.  The only person who seemed to enjoy their meal was my mother who had a green chili cheeseburger.  She said it was fine.They did give the table some free sopapillas to celebrate my parents birthday's.  It was appreciated, but at that point we just wanted to leave.I really wanted to like this place but I found the menu lacking and the service disappointing.  I've seen the other positive reviews and I'm thinking that maybe Sunday night isn't the best time to go there.  Regardless, with how disappointed I was, I most certainly couldn't recommend this restaurant and will certainly never return with so many other superior options available in the area.
5	Fantastic, a place opened in Gilbert that has more than bar food! Have tried many items on the menu but keep going back to the traditional New Mexico burro Christmas style. Ivan has been our go to waiter from the start.  The bottom line is these guys know New Mexican cuisine. If looking for a new dining experience, give La Ristra a try.
5	I think New Mexican food is amazing in so many ways. I got hooked when I used to go visit the BFF in NM. This place is definitely on point w/ that! This place is really close to my house and I always pass it so my friend and I decided to try it out. For drinks we ordered the Sangrita that our waitress recommended. I love Sangria, I love Margaritas, so I'm already sold! & It was delicious! For the entree I ordered the Blue Corn Enchiladas. Oh my gosh... get this when you come! I got it with shredded chicken and it is topped with a fried egg. & of course I have to get the Christmas sauce. Sooooo good!! I really loved this place. Our waitress was so helpful with her recommendations and extremely friendly. Not to mention the food was amazing. I'll definitely be coming back for those enchiladas. But I also want to try their happy hour as well as their margaritas since they are known for their tequila as well. & you can get flights of their margaritas! =)
5	Tonight my wife and I had dinner there. Our server 's name was Brad. As far as his customer service goes, it was excellent. He was polite and helpful, and not over the top.We have been there several times, for happy hour and for dinner and the food keeps getting better. I don't understand all these bad reviews honestly. It's such a well designed restaurant and perfect for all ages. (No, I don't work there.) Its just a really great place to have a margarita and some real New Mexican food in a really cool dinning area.
4	After a long difficult day at work my husband suggested margaritas at La Rista. The drinks were very good but small for the price. Over 130 tequilas is impressive. Food was delish! Chicken enchilada & flauta with red sauce were very good. The green sauce is good but too spicy for me. Our server, Brad was friendly, attentive, helpful, courteous and made sure we were taken care of with quick drinks and hot food. Thanks Brad! Eating & drinks in the bar area is fun but gets loud when the live music starts. Small space with big sound is challenging on the ears.
5	LOVE this place!!!  Drinks are great with lots of unique options.  I like the spicy mango margarita.  It's not super spicy.  The cilantro margarita is good, too.  Their enchiladas are delicious, and we have had great service here.
5	2 words, Amazing Mexican!!! Ask for Tommy "superman" the server! He definitely made our experience worth it!
4	My good friends recommended La Ristra This past weekend so we jump in the car and head over there and boy I am glad we did the food margaritas , service and atmosphere was an awesome experience take it from me who is known in my circle for really knowing good food this restaurant was a homerun and I cannot wait to take my wife next weekend.
5	I am a fan of spicy food.., New mexican - Hatch spicy chile is my favorite: salsas are tasty, carne adovada is also one of the best.  My wife had steak and it was also tender and tasteful
5	We were looking for Mexican food but are tired of the chain restaurants. We decided to try this one out and it was GREAT! The service by Brad was fabulous--he gave us excellent recommendations. My son, who likes the spicy side, tried the Adovada pork and thought it was excellent.The food was fresh and served quickly and very tasty.
5	My first time at La Ristra last night & i was very please with everything!I invited my parents out and they can be very picky eaters but they loved it! We listened to live music & drink their delicious smooth house margaritas! I will definatly come back with my girlfriends & i do recommend this place!!
2	I thought both the chili plate and beef fajitas had little flavor. Salsa and diet coke was great. Guess I expect more chili when I order a chili plate. I thoight it tasted dry. Beef fajita had a very strong beef flavor not ideal. I ate here year ago when they first opened and I remember liking it. Note to self always yelp picture so I remember what to order
5	Have been there several times since it has opened. Very good mostly New Mexico style Mexican food. Really like the Green Chili Burger, the Pinchos Adovada, and the Green Chili Stew. Great happy hour with good appetizers, though a good cheese crisp will do it for me with a draft Dos Equis and a shot of premium Tequila. Over 100 Tequilas to choose from.Great that it's in Gilbert which really suffers from a lack of grownup non-chain places.
5	Excellent in all categories.The custom breakfast burrito had excellent flavor.The manager was accommodating and friendly.I went back for lunch the same day and took a friend.The Blue Corn Enchiladas were tasty.I like the atmosphere.The waiter Tommy was amazing.See pictures.
1	I have no idea what kind of customers are giving this place so many stars. What must they be eating at home? The only good thing that I can say about this place, was that our waiter was very nice. But even he did not bother to ask us if our food was alright. The fajitas only flavor was rancid meat. I mean, it tasted old! And how do you call a cheese crisp a crisp, if it's a soggy mess? I had high hopes for this restaurant that was sitting empty for so long. But it was not to be.
5	I had dinner here Sunday night with family and it was AMAZING. It was late around 8pm and it wasn't very busy in the restaurant which was nice. We sat and had prompt chips/salsa and ordered some guacamole. The guacamole was wonderful and each of the salsas were very tasty. My mom ordered cheese blue corn enchiladas, husband ordered the New Mexican burrito, dad ordered the green chili stew and I had stuffed sopapillas. Every one loved their food. Each plate was equally tasty and the beans and rice were so great. I would definitely compare this food to Dicks Hideaway or Richardson's in Phoenix. I loved this restaurant. The food was so good, the service was awesome and it is close to my house. I WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK.
3	My first review as a part of the Yelp community! On to the most important part of yelp, the food! My girlfriend and I were craving Mexican food and decided on this place since it had good reviews. We went on a quiet Friday night and the restaurant did not seem busy. We were greeted by friendly staff and seated immediately. We received water with chips and salsa right away. The chips and salsa were tasty, but I didn't think they were among the best. Let's face it, they're free! Can't really complain about that. The waiter was friendly but he seemed to be in a huge rush despite the fact it wasn't that busy. Most places make you feel more welcomed. Overall, the service was good. I ordered the blue corn enchiladas and they were a simple yet appealing. Everyone has their own taste preferences but I didn't care for the black beans or enchilada sauce. The pork was slightly dry but the enchilada sauce masked it well. My girlfriend ordered the vegetable fajitas(vegetarian) and there were a few pieces of meat. We did not say anything because it wasn't a big deal. It happens! The fajitas consisted of onions and peppers, that's it! It wasn't my meal and I felt disappointed for her. I would expect a little more variety. To sum it up we were not disappointed but a few things could improve to boost the rating. I would not judge a restaurant entirely based of my first experience but an honest review I would give 3.5 stars to start!
1	Stopped in on a Saturday at 9pm. Acoustic guy in the bar with about 12 people in the whole place.  We must have been blending in with everyone because it was 20 min before someone came and took our drink order, ONLY after we flagged him down.  My girls margarita was weak, so she asked for another shot, that was completely forgotten about, AGAIN, we had to flag down the bartender. The bar staff is VERY focused on the regulars sitting at the bar, we seemed like a burden to the staff.  On a positive note, he did comp the extra tequila shot,  but had to flag him down for the check when the acoustic guy started playing old 70's TV show themes.....TIME TO GO!!!
5	Great place to go! Bartender Joey is top notch with his tequila recommendations. Spicy mango margarita is out of the world. If you want good service, great food, and great drinks this is the place to go!
5	Authentic Mexican food. Good ambiance with splendid service! The nachos are made in the restaurant.  Three salsa sauces ranged from mild to spicy.  The entrees we chose were a one!
5	Excellent food an service  will have to back to try stuffed sopapila. Our server Tommy was very helpful and seemed to love his job and the restaurant
4	Great spicy food. If you go on Tuesday fish tacos are $3. I love the carne adovada. Brad was our server and was very attentive. We will make this a regular stop on Tuesdays!
5	We just stopped in for a quick dinner. Great Happy Hour Selection.  Food came out quickly despite being very busy.  Our waiter Thomas was very personable and knowledgable on the menu. We will be back!
5	The salsas are spicy yet delectable.  The setting is fun and relaxed. Lots of options on the menu should everyone happy. Try the spicy margarita!
5	We always love the food at La Ristra!  Last night we had great food and especially wonderful service!  Got right in during the busy dinner hour on a Saturday night and had Tommy as our server!  Personality plus!  Never disappointing!
4	Great prices on a la carte items. I had the chicken enchilada and it was very tasty! Right up there with the best I've had! The pork stew had a good broth base with carrots and potatoes and was simple but had complex flavors that worked! Joey provided exceptional service and I will definitely be returning and trying more items on the menu. :)
4	Great New Mexican restaurant! Nice atmosphere, great service, awesome food!We will definitely be back here again- with friends and our family. Perhaps for one of their tequila events!
5	They marinate their pork four days in there is unbelievable as it falls apart in your mouth. Their food is incredibly unique and great and their drinks are awesome as well. We have our own tequila shot glasses there that want to try every tequila you get a free bottle. Just don't try to try them all in one sitting. Haha.It's a great place for Mexican food and we recommend it to everybody.
2	It's been brought to my attention by multiple people that this New Mexican cuisine, and not Mexican food.  I'm not really sure how that makes a difference with regards to the items that I took issue with in my review, but my apologies for the confusion.
4	Really good place! We had the stuffed sopapillas one with chicken one with beef, and the special pork burrito. Both were excellent! They have a great happy hour with 2 for 1 drinks... we got there right before it was ending so the waitress honored giving us our first drink half off. We will be back for sure!
5	This place is amazing and our favorite waiter, Tommy, makes it even better!  We have been here many times and every time Tommy has a smile on his face. I request him every time. Food is great, love everything on the menu.
5	I have always loved this place.  Now even more since Tommy has become our favorite waiter!  Definitely ask for him.
4	The food has been really good our last two visits and the margaritas are delicious.  Tonight they have a Dracula margarita with dry ice. Green Chile & black bean dip with chorizo was excellent.  Live music on the weekends .  Nice little hangout place.
4	Very good New Mexican cuisine with an excellent selection of tequila.
2	After having lived in New Mexico I'm always trying to find good New Mexican food out here, and I was excited to try this place based on the reviews. Unfortunately I was sorely disappointed. I wasn't a fan of any of the trio of salsas, but salsas can be a very personal taste. The blue corn enchiladas with shredded beef, christmas style were extremely bland. I kept thinking if I ate more they would get better, but they got worse as I became more disappointed in the lack of flavor. The beef was moist but I couldn't seem to find a hint of flavor. I also expect green and red chile to have a kick to it and I didn't notice any spice. The atmosphere was great and they appear to have live music. The sangria margarita was delicious. I wouldn't come back for the food but it seems like a fun place for happy hour if you're in the neighborhood.
1	No! No! No! No!(I could just end my review there.)A friend was craving good New Mexican green chile and asked me for suggestions.He scoffed at the first couple - then I mentioned I heard good things about La Ristra.(I have noted those people and will never take food advice from them again!)Gilbert is not a close trek for either of us - but in the search for solid New Mexican food, I am more than willing to travel. He also expressed concern about being Brown in Gilbert. I assured him I'd protect him (and my car is white enough to cover both of us!), and finally sold him using the picture of the banana burrito dessert on the menu.We shared a cheese crisp that was just like any other cheese crisp, but the chips and salsa were good. The chips were really good. I thought we were off to a great start!I ordered the beef, Christmas style, with egg. (Christmas style is half green chile, half red.) A fried egg on top is common in New Mexico, sides of rice and black beans. My friend had the blue corn enchilada, also Christmas style, with egg; sides of rice and pinto beans.The first sad sign was when the plates arrived. Each was served with what they call a sopapilla. Well, it's in line with most sopapillas you'd get in AZ - but it is NOTHING like the ones in New Mexico. (If you've had one, you'd understand.)Neither of us thought our food was bad, per se, but it was REALLY bland. Really, REALLY bland! My friend suggested maybe we went through a wormhole to a retirement home in Albuquerque circa 1983, it was so bland!Well over half our meals were boxed up. At least we could take refuge in the banana burrito. Well, no. They were out of it.All in all, it was such a disappointing dinner we were laughing about how we'll look back on it as a bonding experience.I barely made it home before my dinner wanted to evacuate my body in a violent way - but I am hit and miss with dairy, so I figured it was the cheese, not the rest of the food. Until he sent me a text the next day that dinner pretty much wrecked him. The end. I see no need to go back under any circumstances.
4	I really love the location and ambiance here. It's so Arizona to have a gem like this tucked away in a Flippin strip mall. Food is very good. Service is on point and the tequila is bountiful.
5	I can't stay away from their blue corn enchiladas. They're so good. I can see where some people could complain about their food being a little bland, but since I'm pregnant, I gotta stay away from spicy stuff  anyway so it's not a problem. ;) I do wish they had better salsa, but overall, I enjoy the food, and the service is always great.
1	My husband and I go here every now and then. The first time we were there we got the pork and loved it!! In fact, overall the food is good. I think they have some of the best chips around and they have good salsa. In fact, if it was just for the food I would give this four stars. So why did I give them one?! Well, it has to do with the service and not necessarily the wait staff. I have loved the waitress and waiters we have had (except for one). Our second time there we sat in the dining room and the service was soooo slow. What made it worse was I could see my waiter doing nothing but talking (I haven't seen the waiter since). We have sat in the bar ever since so it hasn't been an issue. Our last visit we ordered the fried ice cream which was delicious until we found a hair!!! Ugh. The next time we ordered an entree to split and sure enough, another hair! Honestly this one was sitting right on top and we hadn't started eating yet so it wasn't a huge deal, the waitress immediately took it and got us a new one! However, when the owner brought us the new entree there was not so much as an apology!!! I wasn't looking for a discount or anything but to not even acknowledge the grossness of what happened made me so upset. Needless to say we won't be back, which is a bummer because there food is good. Hopefully they see this and start making the kitchen staff wear hair and beard nets (we saw the chef and there was no net).
5	We were waited upon by the fabulous Tommy.He suggested the cactus pear margarita, which was excellent.He told me his favorite entree was the grilled chicken, and he added a side of enchilada sauce, Chris as style. It was wonderful!  Others in the group got the Carnitas, the Farmer's chimichanga, and the enchilada combination. The three year old rocked a crispy taco.  Everybody said their food was excellent (OK, the three year old just happily scarfed her food and then dove into her parents' dinners).Highly recommended by a Washingtonian.
5	Love at first bite! I have a feeling this will be our go to restaurant for tasty New Mexican style food. It was mine and my boyfriend's first time and we were definitely blown away by our first impression. Our friendly waiter Tommy was very informative about his favorites on the menu and other popular items. The owner herself actually took the time to welcome us to her restaurant. She filled us in on their HH Mon-Fri 2-6 and all their great specials. Our entrees were very much enjoyed I got their trio combo with enchiladas and a tostada and my boyfriend got their Socorros grilled chicken and avocado. Their Prices were very reasonable. If you like real New Mexican style eating with hatch green Chile then surely get a spicy KICK out of this place. We will be back for seconds
4	Our first time was great! We went on a Tuesday night, service was fast. Great menu selections, waiter was very helpful! We tried the blue corn enchiladas & adovada ribs. New Mexican style decor & food. Food was delicious.
4	I am a true New Mexican food snob and I do like this La Ristra.  I love the Blue Corn Enchiladas with green chile sauce.  For me the hotter, the better.  The Adovada Ribs are excellent.  For those familiar with Los Dos Molinos, there is a family relationship between the restaurants.  Sometimes the service is the bar is not the best, but the food is always good.
