1	I rented a small box truck from here over a year ago. Got it with less than 1/2 tank, we drove it 14 miles, put $5 of gas in it which brought it back up over the 1/2 mark. We dropped it off after hours. When I got my credit card statement there was $58 in extra charges from them, when I called to protest (by now I'm home in another state) I was told they had to put gas in it, and that was my penalty. I asked to speak to the owner, was put on hold and no one ever came on. I called back many times, then I even sent a letter. Everything it seems has been intercepted. I'm sure the guy just filled his tank, thinking I wouldn't notice the extra charges. This was never resolved. Funny, I tried to leave a review on the UHaul site but no access to do so.
1	It's moving day! We reserved a Uhaul for a 9am reservation and arrived at 8:55am and the sign on the door said WILL RETURN AT 9AM. The lady arrived at 9am and was opening the store. The other guy who I assume was also waiting for a resrvation was told "About ten minutes". In the meantime we are heading to Jack inn the Box for mini pancakes for Hunnie Bunnie!Back to Blue Diamond Mini... They dont accept cash unless it is to the pennie AND the truck must be returned by closing - which is at Noon today (Sunday). Incredibly annoying because I wanted to pay CASH MONEY but ANYWAY at least I could pay CASH for the mattress bags I was buying!Okay so all done moving. I pumped fas so the tank was back to FULL, ewe didnt use much gas anyway... I drop the Uhaul off and drop the keys in the key box.It is now Monday morning. I get a phone call from Chad(?) and he says he checked the truck and it's not quite full. Ummm WHAT?! I told him I pumped gas before I dropped it off. How much are you going to charge me?! He said it was a $30 charge BUT I could come back in and fill it up. I said FINE. What time do you close?! He said I would have to do it within 30-40 minutes because the truck was reserved again i said FINE. I'll be there asap. NOT more than TEN minutes later I get ANOTHER phone call from someone else. She tells me I returned the truck less than full. I said Yeah I DIDN'T and someone JUST called and told me that and I was otw to put in my $2 more of gas! She said Well the next reservation is here. I told her I wad JUST told I had 30-40 minutes to get there and I was coming!! (I am SO noy about to get charged thirty freakin dollars for some BS!!) She tried to get irate with me: We TOLD you to fill it up. BITCH, I DID! So she's all FINE. And hangs up on me. I got to Blue Diamond Mini and walked in... Can we help you? YEAH I'M HERE TO PUT $2 IN A TANK.I got the keys and pumped exactly one gallon and back to the spot. I walked out with the dude so he could check in amd then made sure to get a receipt for my total charges. SUCH BULLSHIT!! And based on the ONE other review with the ONE star rating as well, this must be their THING. Unbelievably annoying!!! I KNOW it was cool of them to call so I could fill it up more rather than just be charged the $30 BUT the Fing tank was FULL and their customer service sucks a fatty!!!Go to a different Uhaul vendor or prepare to deal with unnecessary BS! On top of this they made me miss my waxing appointment!!!
5	Really had a good experience renting a truck here! I got in late and they took care of me quickly and were friendly. They warned me about the fuel charges so I made sure to put in more than enough gas. No problems and all in all one of the better truck rentals I've had (which is too many).
5	I had to reserve two Uhaul vehicles for a one way move to Southern California. I spoke to a more than professional and friendly customer oriented woman named Gaby Sandoval, I believe that was her last name. If you look up the word customer service, her photo should be listed there. What an outstanding CSR!!!  I actually had to order another Uhaul due to all of our items in our home and again she came through with flying colors, I was actually looking forward to speaking with her. She went above and beyond any customer service representative that I have ever dealt with, and believe me, I am extremely picky when it comes to customer service. I would rather pay a bit more to get better customer service, but in this case, I didn't have to. She gave us great rates and through in a few extras at no expense to us. We appreciate all of your hard work and diligence Gaby, Great job!!!
