5	Mike Fish is the owner and installer. Here is the list of everything he is able to do:Surround sound systemsComputersWireless networksHome theaterRemote controlWall mount TVsI am SO pleased with the work he did. He is so friendly, professional and I am pretty sure he left my house cleaner than when he came :) I have a 55in flat TV that needed to be hung above the fireplace. I didnt want to see ANY wires, not even a little peek. i hate wires. so Mike came over to give me an estimate and to take a look at the project. We decided to cut through the dry wall and put the wires behind the wall that way. I am one to get estimates, save up the amount, and then schedule. So it took me awhile to schedule him to come out but he held onto his original quote which I appreciate. He brought his son and they were both just a pleasure to have in my home while they worked. Very polite and just enjoyable. They got to my house around 1:45 pm and were finished before 5:30. Now once everything is hooked up and ready to go you expect services to be complete, but not Mike. Let's just have a look at how above and beyond he went:-He went through and named all of my inputs so I would know which was DVD, which was satellite, etc. - The wall mount I use to hang my dvd player and receiver on has a small wooden box to cover the back to hide wires. With all the new wires it wouldn't go down all the way so Mike got out his already packed tools and cut out an insert for me. - he vacuumed any mess up that was left- and the last one I can think of is lending his ladder to my painter. I was having an estimate done to have the exterior of my house painted and he needed an extra tall ladder to check something out. Mike heard him talking and immediately offered his ladder for him to use. SO nice! great morals and a work ethic that is hard to find from people these days. Mike and his son (Ben) really know how to take care of their customers! I will only be using Mike in the future and giving out referrals like crazy for anyone who is needing a similar service. ps- he also does computer IT projects.
5	I also called Mike to get some concealed wiring done for a TV that I already had mounted.  I was interested in adding a home theater hookup to improve sound and hide the HDMI cable that connected everything.Mike was professional, asked lots of questions to understand what I wanted to do, and had good flexibility in scheduling so I could get everything done in the timeframe I wanted.As the previoius review notes, he is great at taking his time to ensure everything gets done correctly, cleans everything up, and tests everything to make sure it works properly.  He also is very knowledgeable about technology and can help you get everything set up as well if you want that kind of support.Thanks for the help mike!
5	Like Samantha, I hate wires. Wire hangers, television wires and yes, even Wire Terriers. And yes, sometimes, in my best Faye Dunaway doing her "best" Joan Crawford I may scream "NO MORE WIRE HANGERS! Or in this case, "NO MORE DANGLING ELECTRICAL WIRES OVER MY DESK BECAUSE THEY ARE FREAKING ME OUT!"Yeah. Something like that.Mike is a delight. Prompt. Clean. Smart. Amiable. Affordable. He got my patio speakers up and running and took care of those unseemly visible wires. He educated me on my system and something about amps and voltage and woofers I think. I hope I wrote it down. Cuz I know my way around the back of a stereo like I know my way around a_________. *you can fill in the blank*
5	Mike was very responsive and helpful!  He hooked up our stereo system to our built in speakers.  Everything works great and we love it!!  Price to hook up was very reasonable and well worth it!
5	Mike did a great job installing the electrical and hanging the new flat screen tv, setting up the Tivo etc.  Very professional, affable, and thorough.  Everything works perfectly and looks great. No ugly wires showing.
5	I found Mike and Technical Systems Support by searching Yelp for a recommended technician.  I was having difficulty with one of my TV's and I wanted to add my built in speakers to work with the TV not just the stereo.  He quoted me a very reasonable price and was quick and efficient.  I would trust him for my next audio/video/computer system install as he was very knowledgeable and friendly.
5	The technician arrived on time, was very profesional and displayed great knowledge of the internet. He solved my problem with poor TV cable reception and poor internet reception. He went the extra mile to satisfy my questions in terms I could understand. I would recommend his services to anyone and would have him back if I had any other problems.
5	If I could give Mike 6 stars I would.  I needed my surround sound system installed, add the receiver, DVD player and a universal remote.  Mike was on time, knowledgeable and took time to explain the set up and how the system work.  His attention to detail is impressive and he makes sure everything look and sounds good before he leaves.  Mike will be my "go to" guy for anything about home entertainment systems.
5	Technical Systems Support was a lifesaver during our rush order request! Mike was instrumental in getting our PTZ cameras and new sound system installed and connected to Wirecast during our product & consumer research office relocation.  Mike is friendly, listens well and explains things in layman's terms.  He's quite knowledgeable, resourceful and efficient. From product recommendation to product demonstration, he was extremely helpful.  He has  become our go to technician!
