4	Yeay! Who would not love Dean & Deluca? This is a heavenly cafe. Coffee is delicious. Food is fresh and great! I think everything in this place is just amazing! I am going to give it 4/5 stars because its expensive. But hey! it may be well worth it! Just try the coffee once and you would love it! Every time I am in Charlotte I stop by for coffee and occasional l will have lunch. Try their house salad with salmon! It is to die for! go all out and get an expensive drink like a perrier to go with it!
4	Great coffee and lunch spot central to the offices in Uptown.Coffee and drink options galore.Prepared breakfast yogurts and fruit cups for on-the-go.Fresh heaping salads made to order.Delicious gourmet sandwiches made to order.Hot soup options for lunch combos.Obscenely decadent desserts made fresh morning. Variety of pre-packed snacks for the afternoon munchies.They've got it all in this little market cafe. Fast and friendly service with only 1 or 2 people in line most times. Seating options inside and out. Prices are on the moderate to expensive side.
5	Dean & Deluca is a fantastic option for a quick after work treat Looking for a light meal for dinner - but ended up being not such a light meal Pimento Cheese Sandwich on Cracked Black Pepper Bread .... delish pimento cheese mix & the bread was thickly sliced, soft w/ huge crackles of black pepper.....gave it a nice little kick Also tried a side salad of Chickpeas, Feta, Olives, sundried tomato - it was good but a bit too oily for me ANNNNND - couldn't pass up the Homemade Spicy Potato Chips - crunchy & huge & not really hot spicy but flavorful spicy & would get them again Way too full to splurge on dessert - but next time, my pretty!
4	On my second day working in Charlotte, I was much better prepared.   I'd scoped out the local shops and restaurants and decided to get myself a sandwich for lunch at Dean & Deluca.While I've never actually been to the original Dean & Deluca in New York City, I've been to their Napa Valley location several times and it is quite and impressive store:  a colorful aisle with fresh vegetables and fruits, an aromatic display of various cheeses, and a beautiful display of breads and pastries it makes my mouth water just thinking about it.This Charlotte location is tiny in comparison, but they made me a beautiful Italian sandwich to go and, while it was somewhat pricey at $9, the sandwich was ample enough to allow me to eat only half and save the rest for the next day.    The bread was nice and fresh and the tomato, mozzarella and charcuterie on the sandwich made for a beautiful lunch.    I would highly recommend you try their sandwiches!
3	Had the pesto chicken salad sandwich... mediocre. Didn't really taste the basil, pine nuts, Parmesan... Really any of the components of pesto. My mother in law had some minestrone soup which she enjoyed though, not too salty (which a lot of places have a hard time doing!) so that bumps them up from a meh to an ok. I'd return, to try something completely different.
5	I think I found another staple in Charlotte.  My first visit was an afternoon coffee to get a break from the office and stay awake the rest of the day.  My latte reminded me of the days I would take the same afternoon walk from the office to Eatzie's in Atlanta.  Very well done.I also grabbed a rice krispie bar and a bag of chocolate covered caramels.  Impulse buy but I couldn't resist.  The fresh dessert selections were just too overwhelming to decide!  I was disappointed to find that my bag of caramels contained corn syrup but this one small offset wasn't enough to deter me from a second visit.My husband walked over and met me after work a couple days later.  Just note, they close at 7:00 M-Th and 5:00 on Friday.  The selections are winding down for the day so if you want to get the full experience lunch time is the best time to go.We ordered take away chicken quesadilla and chicken kabobs.  I honestly have not tasted a quesadilla done quite that way but it was a delightful new twist.  The chicken kabobs had a flavoring that reminded us of one of our favorite finds of at a restaurant in Waikkiki Beach, HI.  Yum!  We also made out with a $10 bottle of Malbec.It is a small space but I'll definitely be back because there is still a great selection to choose from!
5	I love coming to D&D for lunch!  What I love about this place is the consistency.  YES it is pricey but I am a big fan of price/value balance.  I usually get the Small Asian Salad with chicken (and extra crunchies) and it is $9.99 without tax.  Expensive yes, but this IS worth it!  I walk out and I know I have a ten dollar salad but it is worth every penny.  It is huge and is always fresh.  The greens are never nasty which can sometimes happen at Just Fresh.  The chicken is marinated and never gross.  It comes with mandarin oranges too.  I eat every last bite and it is so delicious.  The soups are fantastic if you dont think you are going to work late and therefore do not need much of a lunch.  Fiesta Chicken is a huge favorite!!  It has a little kick to it so if you are tired of sitting in the office being refrigerated all day, get this soup and you will thaw right out!  Love you D&D!
2	Oh Dean & Deluca!  What happened to you?  You USED to have the BEST cupcakes in the world -- the chocolate raspberry cupcakes were simply out of this world.  Today, I can't believe I paid $3.50 for a cupcake which is, quite possibly, worse than anything I've ever gotten in a grocery store or out of a box.  The cupcake was half the size, dry, and the frosting tasted as if it came straight from the can.  Only the price was the same.  Shame on you, D&D!  I expected better!
4	Stepping in here is reminiscent of like a Crate and Barrel (Crate not Cracker) or something. It seems like everyone carries the essence of an executive chef. The staff is incredibly friendly and quality products accompany that friendliness. I feel fancy coming here.If D&D focused strictly on coffee, they'd put Starbucks to shame. Alas, they do not and for that I thank them. The food is really good and so is the coffee. Stop by and do not pass up the chicken and dumplin' soup.
4	Since I'm here for two weeks, I have to say I'll be venturing in more than once.  Everything I ate here (turkey sandwich, cookie and coffee) was incredibly fresh.  The ingredients were very good and the meat was not processed.  I definitely enjoyed every aspect of my lunch.  If you're downtown, this is the place to go.
2	I'm a D&D fan, it's always a sure thing.  But after opening the bottle of wine I'd purchased to accompany my dinner, I was heartbroken to discover what appeared to be a leaky cork and a bottle that had gone bad.  I know this isn't the best place for wine, but I think I could have gotten better cared for wine at a gas station.  And my fellow winos out there can relate to the feeling of anticipation of that first sip after a long day, only to be met with bitter disappointment.  Also, a bit disappointed in the selection of grocery items.  I realize it's just a cafe, but the acres of shelf space dedicated to repetitive merchandising of candy could be used for more variety.  Caprese salad could have used much more basil as well.  I'll stick with my usual D&D from now on.
3	D&D you seem so nice, so friendly and clean... but also a little stuck up and pretentious. It's like if a banker and a lawyer got together and they designed a lunch place they would have designed you. Pricey is an understatement. I have enjoyed some great soups and salads from your kitchen but I just can't bare to spend more then $10 on a lunch where someone isn't coming to a table to serve me, or the food isn't giving me magical powers that will make me fly. Also, why is your coffee so weak? Maybe it's just me but it seems bland and flavorless like it's been watered down. I almost think that you are like the Gucci of cafe's in Charlotte. All the cool kids want to be seen in your cafe so that other people will know how important they are to Charlotte business. You do have good food and great service so you get 3 stars from me.
3	I like this D&D...I don't *love* it. I think I feel this way because it's a limited menu, small space and less inviting than the other D&D's in SouthPark and so on. The treats, snacks and drinks are still decent - especially the lemon bars that I can manhandle in minutes. Do yourself a favor and get one. Additionally, I've had pretty decent luck parking in the metered space out front...granted that's been at odd times during the day! For a quick chai latte, a salad to go or snagging a treat for your boss this Dean & Deluca suits just fine Uptown.
5	Very fresh salads here! I'm a big fan of lunch spots that offer a healthy yet filling selection of choice lunches for those trying to be health conscious.  D&D sets the bar in that regard.  Love the deli sandwich selections but especially like the salads.  My last visit I got the baby spinach salad and it was light, fresh, and ordained with bacon and still came in at a whopping 500 calories :).  This particular location gets crowded during lunch but they do a good job of getting you in and out if you're in a hurry.  But if you aren't in a rush, grab a window seat or a seat outside (weather permitting) and enjoy the people watching.
3	The sandwiches and salads here are great. I usually come to pick up some sushi if I need a quick lunch and am craving raw fish. The location is kind if small and has limited seating which is fine if you are planning on just bringing something back to your desk
4	Their turkey and avocado sandwich is to die for.  Haven't had any of their other stuff, since I'm all about loyalty :)They serve great quality meats and veggies.  Not to mention the espresso and coffee here is excellent.  It's a great place for people that work nearby Uptown to stop by for lunch.  The line is never too ridiculously long and there is usually somewhere to sit.The only downside - it's a very expensive sandwich.
4	I an rating this 4 stars because the turkey and brie sandwich was one of the best I've ever had. The cannoli, however, was borderline terrible.
4	I miss working across the street from this D&D.  It was so convenient to just walk across the street in the morning / afternoon / evening & grab one of their sirloin sandwiches, tasty make your own salad or their delicious soup offerings.  While this location is small, they are quick & get you in & out.  They do offer treats (like Nicole stated), coffee & quick bites if you're really in a hurry.Everything is really fresh & I love the "deli type" feel of the sandwiches wrapped in white paper & salads in the white boxes.
3	Got dropped off in DT Charlotte for an entire day and happened upon Dean & Deluca.I'm rating this PURELY on the coffee that I got here and the venue. It was just okay, but not nearly as comfortable as the Starbucks down the street.I like to find a nice cafe to do the morning crossword and this cafe is part of a mall-like structure. This place seems to be POPPIN' for lunch and sandwiches, but I found it to be on the expensive side since I like to "eat on the cheap" when I'm in NC. Seems like a pretty good place for corporate lunch orders to go though!!The cafe itself is not small, it has a good amount of space, but only a fraction of the space is reserved for customer seating. The seats aren't the most comfortable so it's not a place I'd would linger for more than an hour or two. Plenty of seating in the outside corridor of the mall and a public restroom in the building (up the escalators and to the left). If you're looking for free wifi and more seating, I'd go for the starbucks a 3 minute walk away!! :)
4	How clever, putting a NEW YORK DELI in the heart of Charlotte's Uptown! Now we can finally emulate the lifestyle of Wallstreet bankers at the lunchtime hour! I certainly feel an air  of confidence and BALLERness when I purchase a $10 sandwich and I'm not even being saracastic! These ingredients are the freshest of the fresh. The avocado? Real. Cajun Chicken? Fsho. Caramelized Onions? So Sweet. It's one of those delis that exudes sophistication in tantalizing the tastebuds and alludes to the core values of homemade Italian cuisine (clear distinction from Italian restaurant food). Gourmet pastas, tomato sauces, and snacks line the metal racks, tempting consumers to impulsively dish out an extra twenty. Freshly made potato salad, couscous, and tomato pesto penne await you behind the curved glass showcase. There's no doubt something for everyone here.My preference? The Roast Beef sandwich... toasted of course! And we're not talking just ANY dry, miserable, cow sandwich. This could quite possibly be the greatest roast beef sandwich that I've ever tasted! The flavor possesses many levels of which I will now describe for your reading pleasure:Your first bite begins with the toasted crunch of the two thin layers of bread, which then gives way to the horseradish radish spread that blends well with the melted havarti cheese. Quickly following, is a second level of "crunch" yielded  by the fresh piece of lettuce and tomato, which then make way for an explosion of sweet caramlized onion. All this then somehow infuses the tender pieces of roast beef lying in the middle, allowing you to finish the bite off with conviction. Yea, that just happened.It's hard to imagine this place is a chain, but for what its worth, it certainly stands out from its competition. A bit pricey? possibly. We're in Charlotte after all.4/5
3	My only previous experience with D&D is their store in Napa, CA, so my expectations were super high.  I stopped here for breakfast, it's not their strength.  I ordered an "Omelette" that turned out to be something else.  Kind of like if you ordered a Subway breakfast sandwich without the bread.I will try this for lunch and update my review ASAP.  I know people like this place.
3	Great sandwiches that appeal to the type of people who live/work in uptown Charlotte. The largest drawback of this place (obviously) is the PRICE. Come here once, steal some ideas, then make it back at your house for a fraction of the price. It'd be different if the atmosphere was inviting, warm, and homey but ... it's not. Stifled cafe to boot.Turkey & brie sandwich is to die for.
4	Update !!Went here for lunch, wow it was great.  The chef had her favorite sandwich on special, a classic Cuban.  Cuban and a Pepsi made a perfect lunch.  I was able to get through the checkline faster by using the outer register - I am not sure they expect people to queue up at the first one.
3	It doesn't wow me.  When I go somewhere fancy shmancy like D&D, I want to be wowed.  Sure, they have pretty good food (made to order salads are very tasty, and the sweet treats are definitely yummy), but it's a cramped space, the people behind the counter are not that friendly (I get the sense that they just want you to come in, order something and leave so that they can get back to what they were doing before you walked in), and a bit pricey... so maybe that's what it's like to live in New York?  (JK, NY peeps, I'm sure you're awesome).I've never tried their sandwiches before, but I've heard they're pretty great.  As for the salad, if you're tired of every other place to get a salad in uptown, D&D is good to hit up for some toppings you won't find elsewhere (think goat cheese, roasted red peppers, nuts), but the experience was just not wow-tastic for me.Not that I wouldn't come back for a cannoli, because they have them there.  Not the best I've had, but certainly not the worst!
3	Just a little deli/cafe. You can get your delish D&D food and eat it inside or to go. I just wish it were an entire grocery store and not just a little cafe.
1	I've worked downtown for over 13 years and have been to D&D over the years.  During my last visit a week ago, my food was calculated incorrectly.  No wonder because it was written on the box wrong.  So I questioned the total amount a bit too late and the transaction was already run.  Ok no problem.  Honest mistake.  The cashier looked annoyed and goes to get someone else to help.  Another associate approaches and says, "Our prices have gone up."  I'm thinking, what?   Told her what I ordered and said that I'm just looking at the price written on the board.  And I said it very nicely because I didn't want to start any conflict.  *conflict avoider* Without a word, she then steps in to correct the transaction and walks away.  Ok no problem.  Everybody's busy.  Of course, no word from either the cashier or the helping associate, no accountability, no sorry, nothing.  Here I am apologizing for creating the problem by not catching the issue before the transaction was completed!  Just trying not to create a fuss.  And no one was rude, not at all, just ambivalent with the attitude that they couldn't care less.  Ok no problem.  I assumed, like a donkey that the error had been fixed and I went on my merry way.  So after all that, I find out last night after checking my credit card statement that instead of accurately crediting my account, the cashier ran the new transaction and the other associate credited the same amount, leaving me with what I started with...an overpriced lunch that wasn't worth it.  I won't be back!  Walk the extra block to Newk's!
2	Paying more for the name than for what basically amounted to cafeteria line food.   Went there on lunch break, and ordered a cup of soup and grabbed a pre-packaged bag of sweet potato chips.   I went up to the counter expecting to pay around $5 or so, with tax, and was very surprised when the girl behind the counter said the total was for $8.50   I can only assume that the additionaly $3 was the surcharge for the privlidge to be allowed into the shop in the first place.   Not sure, but based on what I got, I was not too impressed.
3	So, we decided to go for lunch at 12, wrong idea. The place is somewhat small and was packed, with people everywhere you couldn't identify who was in what line, soup/salad/sandwich line. After deciding on a sandwich, and having to ask if I was in the right line, I ordered the turkey and avocado on wheat. Although the sandwich was good, the servers are so programmed and rushed I felt like there was nothing personal about the experience, and the price seems a little high for a turkey sandwich. Overall, I enjoyed, but wouldn't be my top choice for a quick lunch.
4	Dean and Deluca... I was expecting more of a grocery and kitchen supplies shop? Y'know, based on their reputation and website? Regardless, this prim & proper cafe serves up some very nice lunch fare. As others have mentioned, you simply *must* try the turkey and brie sandwich. The salads are also very good - you don't expect it because there's nothing unique or gourmet-sounding about any of them - but the quality of the ingredients is what matters here. On your way to the register, you can buy the *most expensive French macaron in town*. $2.49 is hella pricey, weighing in at $0.50 more per cookie than Bottega Louie's famous macarons in L.A. Is it worth it? Actually, yeah, kinda! Huge variety that rotates daily and they are HUGE compared to a place like Amelie's. Also, unlike Amelie's, THEY DON'T LEAVE THEIR MACARONS IN THE FUCKING REFRIGERATOR ALL DAY, MAKING THEM HARD AND CRUNCHY. I mean, sweet Jebus, where did Amelie's learn how to store a proper macaron?! Okay, rant over.The prices did not bother me so much. Maybe that's cuz I'm used to paying $10 - $14 for a good sandwich. So, whatevs.
4	Interesting that I've actually never really seen a Dean & Deluca out on the streets except when watching Felicity in the day. But I digress. Pretty good coffee and my colleagues seemed pretty stoked about their sandwiches.
5	Can watch your food being made, line moves very quickly for the rushed lunch crowd. Great spot for lunch uptown!
3	They either don't have or refuse to cut up lemons for the iced tea. Other than that, its a good place to hang out and people watch if you need to kill time uptown.
4	I hit this spot up whenever I was uptown for work and wanted a fancy eatery to enjoy a slow breakfast with a prime location to watch passerby on a busy work morning.  I've fallen in love with their amazingly seasoned home fries (yes, a must-try!!!!) and their bacon and eggs are always perfectly cooked.  It's a bit on the pricey side, but for this spot, it's people watching perfection!!!!  I feel like if you have a few extra minutes and you can enjoy a little bit longer breakfast, treat yourself!!!!
4	I ordered the D&D club sandwich. It was extremely filling. I only ate half and that was almost too much. The bread was soft, the meat was plentiful and the additional toppings were fresh !
4	I adore this place. It is a wonderful one stop shop for all you may need during a work day. Coffee is all really good, food is wonderful, and they even have some great selections of wine! Their salads are massive and so good! They also have cold salads and a small cooler with sushi! A great one stop shop that's convenient to a lot of businesses in uptown!
4	Since my review in April of last year I have become a fan of the Dean & Deluca's lunch options and definitely get here once a week.  Although this location is small, the servers have a rythem and things seem to move quickly.  Although I typically choose a sandwhich, of which I have tried a few, the turkey and avacado, caprese and the french dip special, I have also enjoyed some of their soups. Among my favorite, the lobster bisque, a warm and think lobster creme base that is just perfect on a chilly day.  Overall, Dean & Deluca offers a variety of options for all, as well as some amazing speciality items that you don't find available in other lunch venues in uptown.  I definitely look forward to my next visit.
4	Great spot Uptown for seriously gourmet coffee, hot cocoa and breakfast!This is a SMALL location. But everything they carry is truly delicious. Sure, it's "upscale" and you pay for it. But you know what, it's NO more expensive than STARBUCKS!!! And in my (less than) humble opinion, FAR better!Get there for Breakfast and try their breakfast burrito. YUMMY!I get a "half and half." Half Strong Dark Coffee and Half Hot Chocolate. VERY yummy!
4	A very good but somewhat pricey cafe offering outstanding coffee, tea, hot cocoa and sandwiches. This Uptown location is somewhat small, but it is right across the street where I work. So its quite convenient for me.I typically go for their breakfasts, where they have outstanding omelets, breakfast burritos and sandwiches on a croissant bun. Yum! I just love their coffee. This is a good alternative for those who just don't want to wait in those hour long Starbucks lines. If you go here just after they open at 7am, there is rarely a line because the Bankers are all still sleeping while us hard working non-banker types are off and running!
