5	for you chocolate lovers, here is something to try...they have this exotic collection of truffles that will knock your socks off.....things that range from indian curry truffles...to ginger/wasabi chocolate...n even telicherry peppercorn....and also some less exotic, they have kirsh cherries n macadamia nuts....you can also buy this at NM....so stop by during the holidays..they make a great gift.........
5	My favorite is the Oaxaca Bar. Dark chocolate with guajillo and pasilla chili peppers. Serously spicy. $6 and worth every penny. You can also find the candy bars at Flight 001 in Hayes Valley.
3	Ridiculous prices.  Not all that tasty.  Not for down-to-earth types.
5	This is a pit stop for me everytime I'm in town. I mean, sure, you can always buy a box at Neiman's but here you get to pick what goes into your box of chocolates.  Admittedly, I've become somewhat of a chocolate snob in the last few years and this chocolate is one of the few that can still put me in a good mood after having just one (which makes it worth the price).    The people who work here have always been really nice and personable.  They can point you towards great truffles to add into your box.  And, as an added bonus to your visit, they also have a small coffee bar featuring Vosges chocolate.  These are reasons enough to visit their shop at the Caesar's forum shops.  However, for everything else, like the chocolate bars or just a basic sample of their chocolates, find them either at Neimans (for the box of chocolate truffles) or else your local gourmet grocery store to try their exotic chocolate candy bars.    For us, out of towners, we like to take advantage of the store by taking our favorites home and then finishing it off with a refreshing coffee beverage - a plan that works well for me.
3	The first time I visited Vosges Haut Chocolat at Caesars Palace last year, I adored them.  They offered a sample of their lovely truffles and I was hooked. I couldn't help but buy a box and invite my friend in for a drink.  I returned there this year and it just didn't feel the same.  When my boyfriend suggested we get some hot chocolate, how could I say no?  (How sweet does that sound anyway?  Who ever asks you anymore if you want to grab some hot chocolate?)  When he asked for a sample of one of their truffles, the girl behind the counter made it seem like she was doing us a favor by giving us one.  I ordered one of their hot chocolate drinks and it was yummy.  (It was either the Aztec Elixir or the Bianca, I forgot which one.)  He ordered this latte thing where you choose a truffle and they drop it in.  Well, his drink barely had any taste and the chocolate melted into one clump on the bottom of the cup. Perhaps if she had given us a stirrer to keep the chocolate melting, the drink would have tasted better.Overall, the service of the girls working there was average, and that contributed greatly to my three star experience.  I love their look and am curious about their ice cream (Wattleseed, Red Fire, Naga and the Pandan).  But I guess I'll have to take a peek to see whose working first before I walk in.
4	Le Chocolat. Nuff said. Hot Cocoa...white chocolate with a lavender infusion. Mm mm....Chocolate and Curry? Chocolate and Wasabi? I mean come on, this place is fanf*ckingtastic if you want to explore outside the norm. Don't be that guy....Mr My chocolate's got Nuts. WOO HOO. Be different. Try something fun and flavorful. Read the other reviews. You do need to be a little open minded. Don't get me wrong I'm not all froo froo. I like my regular snicker's and reese's but it's nice to have something different every now and then.
5	RED FIRE!!!I love Red Fire!!!This place is pretty amazing.  It's low-key and on the first floor (which is always nice -- easy access!), so I make sure to drop in here and buy my Red Fire bars and brownies (the brownies are truly amazing).Next visit to Vegas, I'm going to buy the ice cream (though I don't know if they sell it).Do yourself a favor and visit this place -- mmm mmm mmm!
5	Mmmm...Vosges!Such a great chocolate shop. They have very unusual flavor combinations, such as the Naga truffle, with curry powder, milk chocolate, and coconut, or the Balsamico with dark chocolate and balsamic vinegar. The staff is really helpful and nice too...A little on the pricey side, but definitely worth it.
5	I stock up here every time I'm in Vegas. It didn't seem as friendly this time, but the chocolate is still fantastic. I highly recommend the Rooster truffle, especially for all you cheesecake lovers. My all-time favorite is the Red Fire bar. Perfect blend of dark chocolate and chile powder.
4	I was lured into the store by how chic its decor was. I'm a sucker for good chocolate (and so is hubby BTW) so we walked in without really having any intentions of anything really. We just wanted to look.I perused the display and marveled at all the really exotic concoctions including 2 of my favorite flavors in the world: pandan and kaffir lime.We ended up getting a box of 9 truffles (totaling $27). I've eaten the pandan and the kaffir lime. Hmmm.... I don't know. The kaffir lime was pretty good with a hint of the lime aroma. However, the pandan didn't quite work with the chocolate for me.I'm waiting to try the one with balsamic vinegar, another with chili, and yet another with fennel and anise.Right now I think what I've eaten is good. Definitely above average as far as chocolates go, but, they were not mindblowingly good. I still love the taste of Valhrona. Will report back regarding how the others turn out.UPDATE: Here's the run down:Buddha's Leaf (pandan): didn't do anything for me. I keep expecting a hint of salty taste to it.Kaffir Lime: was quite pleasant with a hint of limeBalsamico (balsamic vinegar + hazelnuts): was so-so, couldn't really taste the balsamicBudapest (Hungarian paprika): this was okay. Hubby said he tasted the paprika, but it was like as if I was about to taste it and then it disappeared. Disappointing.Red Fire (ancho chile+ cinnamon): This was awesome. I totally tasted the chile peppers and there was no heat to it, just the great aroma of chile. So far, my favorite. Black Pearl (wasabi, ginger, black sesame seeds): couldn't really taste any of the ingredients. Tasted just like regular chocolate to me with sesame seeds on top.Alexis (curry): not bad.Absinthe (Chinese star anise + fennel): I generally like star anise and fennel, but I do not like licorice which is basically what the flavor is... but this worked really well.Ellateria (cardamon): I totally did not like this one.
5	I love Vosges.  Why?  Because in addition to the chocolate with curry and chocolate with wasabi and ginger, they have a bacon and chocolate bar.  Yes, you heard me, they have concocted a chocolate bar with bits of applewood smoked bacon in it.  Granted, it tasted a little weird, but that kind of inventiveness deserves 5 stars.Both times that I visited here, the staff were really good about giving samples of their merchandise.  They always have a featured chocolate bar with samples - the first time, it was the Barcelona bar (almonds and grey sea salt) and the second, it was Mo's Bacon Bar, the aforementioned treat.  According to them, the bacon bar was brand new and they had just gotten it in.  We also got to try the Naga bar, which, along with the Barcelona, was the favorite.We ended up getting two boxes of milk chocolate truffles (9 pieces for $25) as gifts, the Barcelona and Naga bars, and a quarter pound of their caramel toffee.  I really wish that I had sampled their Black Pearl (wasabi and ginger), as well as the hot chocolate.  I also regret not buying the bacon bar, which probably would have made for some fun sampling with the family back home. A great chocolate store with some slightly kooky, exotic confections that work surprisingly well.  I only wish that they had an outlet in San Francisco so that I can try out more chocolates and have a steady supply of their delicious toffee.
5	Where can you find a chocolate store that isn't overwhelmed by crap novelty candy and stuffed animals? Right here, that's where.Ill have to admit, when my friend bought the Bacon Exotic Candy Bar (Applewood smoked bacon + Alder smoked salt + deep milk chocolate), I knew I would be hooked. The bacon didn't really do it for me, so I set out the next day to discover what Willy Wonka's special helper Katrina was up to. First of all, the Vosges boutique is insanely girly and chic. Purple walls with flowery decorations, adorable purple packaging with scrumptious purple bows... Everything inside looked good enough to eat -- I am such a sucker for marketing. There's a nifty hot chocolate bar, er, excuse me: Couture cocoa bar, in the store. You can get a cup of awesomeness while you walk around throwing boxes into your pile (until you hit the $100 mark and your husband hits the fan). I walked away with boxes of truffles, exotic caramels, and some really interesting candy bars like: Black Pearl, Red Fire, Naga, Gianduja, Barcelona, Creole, Woolloomooloo, Oaxaca, etc etc. THis place is the bomb, and I seriously think I have a little orgasm each time I eat one of their velvety truffles. Heh, you should see me when I chew on one of their caramels -- Look out! Best of all, you can order this all online, and they also have a "Chocolate of the Month Club" which coincides with the full moons... Now if I can synchronize my menstrual cycle with the moon cycle and chocolate cycle, life will be a breeze. Order this stuff, enjoy the step-by-step instructions on how to properly enjoy your couture chocolate, and live happier.
5	The purple house is amazing! The hot chocolate is rich and creamy. The chocolates are savory, sweet, and spicy. My favorite truffle: Chef Pascal
5	BACON chocolate.  Need I say more?
4	I am a See's girl, but when in Vegas, I am a Vosges girl.  We first stumbled upon this company because they sell the chocolates to Barney's in Beverly Hills.  The descriptions were so amazing we had to try them.  Ingredients like chili pepper, Indian spices, coconut, banana, mole....very different.  The chocolates need to be put in your mouth and left to melt.  This way you can taste all of the different sensations.  Pretty pricey, pretty tiny.  But definitely worth trying.
4	The most exotic mix of flavors infused with chocolate.  Wasabi?  Ginger? Curry? Chipotle Peppers? Chili Peppers? heck...even glorious BACON!!!!!!!  You're kidding right?  Nope, welcome to a roller coaster rider for your taste buds.As weird and undesirable as some of the combinations may be, you can't help but try and be amazed at how good the combinations are.  There are so many different combinations, you're bound to find one you'll like.They say bacon can go well with anything, and my god, the bacon chocolate is exceptionally good.  You might find the concept weird and the thought distasteful, but once you try it, you'll be craving it.  How could something think of a bacon chocolate bar?  Think of breakfast with chocolate chip pancakes and strips of bacon.  Only downer is the insane prices for such little quantity and the little use of real dark chocolate (most are milk with only 41% cacao).
4	Yes, that's right, the bacon chocolate bar people.Aside from porcine chocolatey goodness (I honestly have not had the bacon chocolate bar) they offer a whole host of exotic truffles, smores, drinks, ice creams, even chips...flavored with things like saffron, cardamon, salt, goji berries, champagne, lavender, lemon, chipotle, cheese, olives...that's just off the top of my head. They offer different collections each month and my favorites have been the Gaudi collection (saffron and bright rock sugar) and the Gatsby collection (white and dark chocolates infused with rosewater and champagne). The Gatsby collection is also available in cake form on their website.  Everything seems very ambitious and it's obvious a lot of love and care goes into the products. The store is bright and sparse, the staff was a little standoffish but friendly enough once we made our intent to buy chocolate known.They also have a great website, so you don't have to travel to one of their locations to get your fancy chocolate on.http://www.vosgeschocolate.com/
4	For someone who grew up with Hershey's as her best friend, I'm still getting used to the idea of paying for gourmet chocolate. But I'm learning quickly and this store was super cute. I bought a Creole dark chocolate bar with chicory coffee in it and it was absolutely fabulous. I could be the victim of great marketing, but I swear I really can taste the high quality of the chocolate! The only thing that was disappointing was the service. I know some of the reviewers have gotten the benefit of helpful store folks but we got a guy who was on his cell phone part of the time and pretty apathetic in answering our questions. And when we asked if the brownies were fresh, he informed us that they were frozen and that he would heat one up for us. Hmmm, didn't sound very appetizing so I opted for the chocolate...
5	Was introduced to Vosges while in New York for a friends wedding but frequent the Las Vegas Vosges every time I am there.  Their spice infusioned truffles are terrific.
4	chocolate...hhmmmm (i feel like homer simpson right about now)...such a wonderful product. it can be decadent, sexy, exciting, and experimental....hello vosges! when my friend and i stumbled upon this shop at caesars palace, we knew we were in for a whole new chocolate experience. they definitely sell designer chocolates there and this is reflected in their packaging, their shop, and their experimental tastes. you can be daring and choose truffles infused with exotic spices, or you can go the conservative route and choose ingredients that are familiar to your palate. i walked away with a cute box containing two delectable truffles; the viola and the woolloomooloo. we enjoyed our truffles at an "outside" cafe sipping our mochas while people watching.
5	I finally made it to Vosges chocolates at the tail end of a biznas conference in Vegas, and it made the trip worth it.Now, I can get the bar chocolate in my own city, but only the fresh truffles can be acquired at the source. I dropped nearly $100 to buy the Italian truffle collection, my own selection of truffles (primarily Naga), and the sample packets of drinking chocolates. For that, they threw in a small box of giftie truffles, probably some less fresh ones but who cares, I snarfed them.I spent the rest of my evening hauling around my purple beribboned bag and garnered so much respect from people.  It was more effective than a Prada bag.I am kicking myself for not trying the Naga ice cream, though. I guess I need to return.
3	I really don't know where to begin, the chocolate is really good but the service leaves you feeling a little ripped off.  The little bites of heaven are worth every penny, but the staff makes you feel like they're doing you a favor by serving you.  When in Vegas I always stop in a for a Woolumu (or 2) and a wink of the rabbit partly because I don't know of any other places for truffles there.  On our most recent trip we tried the drinking chocolate which was chalky, I could have done without it.  My husband loves the wasabi truffle and the chilli pepper ones, I can't remember either of their names but they are quite good.  Every city has a great little gem that has amazing chocolate, so if you're in Vegas stop in here but I don't think they're worth taking home.
5	Well I have been coming here since it opened in the Forum Shops a few years back. I cannot get enough of the crazy flavors. I just discovered Yelp and while reading a review read about a chocolate bar with bacon!!!!! Well I was there the next day. I have to disagree with the other review about the service. Every time I go it is great and this time was no exception. They are always friendly when answering your questions and are more than happy to give out FREE CHOCOLATE!!! The first thing I asked if they had when I walked in was the Caramel Marshmallows available to purchase individually. And the answer was not at this moment. See the only sell them individually once in a while and I have never had them, but chocolate, marshmallow, and caramel are my favorites. They come in a box of  9 and I know if I buy the whole box I will eat it all that night so I never buy it. I explained that same story to the clerk who then went to the shelf and actually opened a box for me and gave me one on the house. NOW THATS SERVICE!!! They were so good I bought a whole box.Then on to sampling which chocolate bars I was going to buy. I already knew I was getting a Red Fire Bar. It's made with Mexican ancho & chipotle chillies + Ceylon cinnamon + dark chocolate. As it melts in your mouth you slowly begin to experience the slight tinging sensation in the back of your mouth from the peppers. Then the cinnamon appears. Lastly as you swallow the dark chocolate take over. WOW!Now time to try Mo's Bacon Bar. Applewood smoked bacon + Alder wood smoked salt + deep milk chocolate. I have to admit the GF and I were quite scared to taste this one. We love chocolate and we love bacon so why not. We both counted down from 3 and on 1 popped it into our mouths. OMG chocolate and bacon will I puke? Will I love it? I loved it. Something about the smokey pieces of bacon throughout the chocolate and the salt that just mix so well with the chocolate. The bacon isn't to intense but just the right amount to let you know its there and lend it's flavors to compliment the chocolate. I actually just got up and went downstairs to break off a piece of that bar because writing this actually made me want it so bad. We continued to try the rest of their selection, which were all fabulous and I could write about all day if I didn't know that I would bore everyone with my love of chocolate. So to finish it off my GF selected the Woolloomooloo Exotic Candy Bar with Roasted & salted macadamia nuts + Indonesian coconut as her favorite. Which also blended the sweet and salty style with a little crunch from some hemp seeds very well.Overall I dropped some nice change there and will continue to do so. Also try the truffles they are amazingly flavor-full and smooth.
5	Headquartered in Chicago with only a few retail locations in select cities, Vosges has to be the best chocolate created by man. I've said it before and I will continue to say it until it is not true:Salt + Chocolate = Serious!That being said, I think that of all their delights, I prefer the bacon and chocolate bar. Just try it. They give free samples! I promise you one bite and you'll have reached the level where you've bough enough that they actually give you free truffles to take home. Whoops!
5	I had my first taste of Vosges  and my tastebuds woke up. Let me clarify: I love chocolate paired with sea salt....and Vosges has so many specialty chocolates with this type of pairing- along with my other favorite combination- chocolate & chile. They categorize their chocolates (Aztec, Exotic, Dark, Milk) so that you can order a box by category and get an amazing selection of different choices...chocolate with cardamom, chocolate with wasabi, chocolate with  just about anything you wouldn't expect- and it's bliss. Little did I know they give out samples in the store- luckily I only discovered this as I was paying for my order, otherwise I may have tried everything the store has to offer. The store attendants were so helpful and nice, which made the experience that much better. I was even offered a chile-chocolate hot chocolate in a little cappuccino cup...it really was a great experience- definitely check this place out (as their boutiques are only in a few cities).
5	CurryBaconChiliOlivePepperAll things that you would likely not put into chocolate... but are actually amazing... and inspired... and just down right good.
5	this is my third favorite chocolate boutique. #1 is hands down boule and #2 is Jean Patisseire. Everything is good and everything is pricey. The use a lot of unique and creative flavors such as pepper, curries, and my favorite: bacon bits in a chocolate bar!! ohhh...don't forget the chocolate dipped tortilla chips. make sure to stock up on truffles as well
4	I don't get how this place stays in business... are people really buying so much wacky chocolates for them to pay their rent?  I guess so after seeing all the positive reviews.  I tried the chocolate bacon treat due to my family's unwillingness to try it themselves.  My aunt was disgusted.  I thought it was decent.  The staff was very friendly and was very willing to let us sample other chocolates, which I liked, as some of the higher end places like this look down upon the people that just come in to browse.  My uncle ended up buying something anyway, so I guess it works!
4	YUM YUM YUM.Deliciously flavored chocolates made by Katrina Markoff with interesting pairings like curry coconut chocolate, fennel and dark chocolate, and more.The store offers free samples to taste before you commit to buying purple boxes filled with heaps of tiny truffles, just ask! My favorites were Chef Pascal (kirsch cherry brandy with chocolate) and Viola (milk chocolate with a candied violet petal). The salesgirl was helpful, and was quick in offering to gift wrap and replace the box I had purchased when I found that the outer wrapping was ripped. She even threw in some chocolate covered tortilla chips (with ancho chile!) to boot.Best of all, my best friend loved the gift, and we both partook in the chocolate loveliness with MUCH enjoyment!Note: this shop is the only one on the West Coast, the others are located in Chicago and NY.
4	I was so pumped to see this place after reading the reviews.  And I can tell you that at the very least, it's a better deal than the $15 CHILD SIZE GELATO I freaking bought at the other end of the mall.  Man.  It's a pretty store and the sales girls are nice.  The chocolate is good, and makes for a unique present for the folks at home.  They have creative pairings of chocolate and violet petals, chocolate and chilli peppers, and a chocolate and balsamic vinegar.  We asked to try a chocolate after picking out a few items, and that prompted them to bring out a few more tasters to compare.  It was a fun experience.
4	They pair chocholate with everything edible.  The chocholates are very good.  One star off for being super expensive.
5	These exotic chocolate truffles are so amazing; they melt in your mouth perfectly!  Their chocolate bars are also heavenly -- on the label they even tell you how to "fully experience" these chocolate bars... One warning though -- only go there when you've got money to burn on these fine delicacies; because at about $6 a chocolate bar and about $2 a truffle, you'll be wanting to hit those slot machines to get your money back! LOL
4	Date last visited: 2008-07-05I do not recall how I first heard about Vosges. I just went online one day and signed up for their catalog. I love the subtle details of the different chocolate, the different chocolate packages they have - especially the sensory collection (I want to be a chocolate connoisseur!) and it is all in purple. I got the bacon bar for a friend. I got him one last time and as interesting as it sounds - it was weirdly good. As he says, "chocolate and bacon - that's just wrong".I got the calindia bar for myself. I do not recall why I chose this one. It is actually still sitting here next to my computer. haha I still have the goji bar from my last trip. Gonna open up that one now...I was standing in a Whole Foods once excited and conflicted to see that they have Vosges ice cream. Could I really spend $6+ for a pint of exotic ice cream when I could get a yummy 1/2 gallon of mango ice cream (with real mangos) for only $6? $6+ for a pint!? And I have never had it before.Well now $6 is a bargain because I had a scoop of the wattleseed for $3.50. It was pretty good. I love the floral hints of the macadamia nuts. Whole Foods here I come!Good thing the closest Vosges boutique is in Vegas, else I would be there all the time! =D
4	I am counting the days until my return to vegas (6 as I write this) one of the reasons I'm so excited to go back is a trip to Vosges.As far as chocolate goes, I'm not a whore, I don't just put anything between these lips!  (regular grocery story chocolate is maybe a once a year thing for me)  but confections like this, will certainly gain enterance.I still have my little 'book' of chocs from my last trip, and as I write this, I'm savoring a sliver off the Naga Bar (Sweet Indian Curry powder, coconut flakes and deep milk chocolate)  although my favorite of all times is the Red Fire bar (Mexican Ancho y chipotle chillies)The service is fantastic, and I will be stopping by for a good fix of decadance.
5	What can I say about Vosges?  I love it!  I first discovered them a few years ago and fell in love with their toffee, Naga and Budapest bars.  (Unfortunately the Budapest is not made in bar form any longer, but still available as a truffle).  The Naga bar is still my favorite: rich milk chocolate, coconut and curry may sound strange but it is delicious.  The cocoas are pretty damn good, too.  I love the Aztec Elixir best.  I can get the ice cream locally and it's been pretty good as well.I was here the other day and delighted with the super-helpful and not at all pushy experience (Mariko is very nice!).  I was offered samples of anything I wished to try, given flavor recommendations and had a great experience overall.  Next time I'm in Las Vegas, I'll be back.Also, finally tried Mo's Bacon Bar - Awesome.  Don't know how it works out so well but it's totally awesome.I know more flavor offerings are being introduced this fall and I cannot wait to try them!
4	The chocolate is good. Presentaton is attractive and inviting.  When I entered the store, no one greeted me. There was just this guy stared at me in the corner of the room at the cashier table. I circled the room just to see what they have. Finally after a few moments and still no one was talking. I approached the guy (the only one working, I use this term loosely). I asked him what would he recommend or what I should get.  He told me point blank that he couldn't recommend me anything. This is an exotic chocolate.  I was like ... WTF... but I bit my tongue so hard. Then, I tried again. Me:" what about this bacon and chocolate? I read they are like your specialty." then he went like" O. So, you read about us. Our chocolate is different than other chocolate. It's not that I don't want to recommend you ours but it's difficult to do so."  My blood pressure dropped and I felt better. He actually could talk and have manner.  Then, he started talking and asked me to try the bacon chocolate and rose chocolate.  I love them both and I decided to forget about the initial incident.  I got the whole box of asst. chocolate and a box of yummy caramel.  He wrapped my box of chocolate with a purple bow or is it a dark blue?? Whatever... the chocolate is good. Will go back for more. Though I need to get ready for the staff attitude, which I hope I don't have to face/ experience again. :)
5	I love Vosges Haut-Chocolate, but I wish they were in San Francisco.  Sure, I can go to Neiman-Marcus or Whole Foods to get my Vosges fix, but it's not the same as going to one of the inviting Vosges locations.The chocolate and the service are great.  It's not cheap, but where else can you learn that you like the combination of bacon and chocolate (in the form of Mo's Bacon Bar) and chocolate and ancho chile-covered tortilla chips?
5	what? they sell vosges products in whole foods? no wayyy. i definitely need to get me some.this has got to be one of the BEST chocolate shops ever with crazy exotic type chocolates. it's located in caesar's palace at the forum shops, and upon walking in, it kinda looks like you're entering a fancy schmancy jewelry store or something. everything is so nicely displayed. they have a back counter serving up drinks and ice cream. we tried the la parisienne couture cocoa (that already sounds mouth watering) and it is chocolate heaven. bits of vanilla bean and dark chocolate....yum-o!they had a sample out: macha japanese green tea. one taste had us running to locate the macha chocolate bars so that we could make a purchase. very deep and smooth milk chocolate with a comforting hint of green tea. seriously, guys, ya gotta try it!the girl working there was super nice and friendly, and she let us have samples of different flavors (just ask). i must say, to my surprise, the naga bar (sweet indian curry, coconut, milk chocolate) was really good. though pricey, you really get what you pay for. this is GOOD CHOCOLATE. plus, they make really good souvenirs. and they help you wrap a nice ribbon around it too. i wish i could live here.
5	The absolute BESTEST gourmet chocolate I have ever tasted.....EVARPooped from a day of running all over The Strip, we meander into Caesars Forum Shops, not really thinking we'd find anything except for a nice bench to sit & rest our weary selves when out of the corner of our eyes, we see this rich, deep, vibrant purple sign - like a siren, it called us overWhat a delight to find this Haut-Chocolat Boutique....ultra-high-end boutique & boy oh boy is it worth itWe got Caramels infused w/ Salty Pecans, Tupelo Honey & Bee Pollen, Blood Orange, Argentinean dulce de leche & Costa Rican cashews......just to name a few Exotic Truffles infused w/ Lavender, Curry, Chili Peppers....among other super-cool shtuffCollezione Italiana Truffles infused w/ Taleggio Cheese (yeah, really!), Balsamic Vinegar, Olive Oil-White Chocolate w/ Dried Kalamata Olives....not *even* kiddingAll packed for us in a nice bag w/ freezer packs to keep it all cool - fantastic idea!While waiting for our goodies to be packed up, Sis & I indulged in 2 of their drinking Chocolates - Sis the White Chocolate w/ Lemon & Lavender - nice & light w/ a strong Lavender flavor (in a *very* good way)Me - Dark Chocolate w/ Cinnamon & Chipotle Chillies - rich & luscious, coating the throat going down w/ the kick of the chili only coming as a pleasant aftertasteSuper-nice peeps, tons of free samples given & we walked outta there, our wallets much, much lighter but our brains much much happierOh - BTW - since all their chocolates are organic, it is recommended to eat w/in 7 days.....THIS will not be a problem
5	I'm not a chocolate snob by any justification....as a matter of fact, I admittedly don't know much at all about chocolate aside from the pseudoscience behind the ORAC of dark chocolate.....but I know what tastes good and the chocolate at Vosges tastes amazing.I was shopping for a gift for my mother and aunt to go along with the items I'd picked up at Payard and Jean-Philippe and as I'd heard good things about Vosges from a friend in NYC I decided to check it out.Julie, the saleswoman was incredibly helpful in assisting my decision without placing any sales pressure whatsoever.  Considering the prices of the truffles (ranging $2.50-$3.00) I was definitely suprised when the woman offered me a freebie of the Tian Nacu truffle - Mexican Vanilla Bean, Venezuelan 65% dark, and a small piece of gogi berry bar.  Both were fantastic.  I was even more suprised when I asked questions about other options and was given free sample truffles of the Balsamico - 12 year Modena balsamic, 65% Dark, Sicilian Hazelnuts as well as the Rooster - Taleggio cheese, organic walnut, Tahitian Vanilla Bean, 64% Dark Chocolate.  $8 worth of free Chocolate in Vegas?  Nice!  I'd like to think it was my charming personality or stunning good looks, but I'll just assume they do this for everyone.Regardless, both the cheese and the vinegar truffles were amazing and I additionally had a small taste of the Moe's Bacon Bar before making my purchase.Had I not just eaten at Payard I'd have likely picked up a cookie, brownie, or hot chocolate as all looked delectable, and I'll definitely be ordering their Red Velvet cake for someone's special event sometime.Organic does not mean healthy, but like anything else of high quality, Vosges is safe in small doses and absolutely fantastic.  True Innovation is tough to find, but I'd say Vosges does it right and the service was stellar.Ways to 5 stars (and a man's heart....or at least mine?)  Free desserts!  :-)
5	Best. Chocolate. Ever.I pulled the boy in here on our last trip to Vegas, telling him we had to try the bacon chocolate. Now, the boy loves bacon and loves chocolate...but he was a little leery to try them together. So, I made him. And he LOVED IT. It sweet and salty, bacony, chocolatey goodness.The salespeople at Vosge Haut are also super friendly and sweet. They recommended all types of samples and when they found out we had just gotten engaged, they gave us some extra champagne truffles for free.I've been trying to convince the fiance that it is completely justifiable to spend a gazillion dollars to have their chocolate at our wedding....but for now I just have to settle for ordering more online!
5	More Savory than Sweet. Be still my heart!!  I am not a huge sweets eater and I missed the women love chocolate bus but occasionally I have a craving for some some yumminess in candy form. Vosges is the hands down best chocolate I have come across to date. I love that they put bacon and salt in a chocolate bar. I love their seemingly crazy concoctions made with curry powder, wasabi, or fennel. My absolute favorite is their absinthe truffle. When I tried it for the first time in the store I exclaimed "Wow this is amazing!" so loudly that the other patrons in the store flocked to the counter to find out what I ate. I heart everything here. The ice cream is thick and custardy, the cookies are moist, bold and unique, and the truffles are out of this world. If you appreciate some savory alchemy on your pallet you must visit Vosges!
4	The reviews are correct.. the staff will gave us free samples of anything we mentioned without us asking.. We just asked a question about it, or mentioned it in a sentence to them. They do sell the famous bacon covered chocolate bar. I got a free sample of it as well, and it tasted good!The staff was really friendly here.   The chocolate menu is limited here though.. no fondue, fondant, or anything real yummy.
5	Did I really just spend $50+ on candy?? Stocked up on: * Goji Bar - with pink Himalayan salt * Mo's Bacon Bar - with Applewood smoked bits * Barcelona Bar - with hickory smoked almonds and grey sea salt * Gianduja Bar - with caramelized hazelnuts * Bombalinas - almonds dusted in cocoa powder and Barcelona flavoring. Sweet + savory are the new black as far as I'm concerned.
4	This high-end chocolate shop is based off of the original in Chicago.  Vosges is famous for mixing chocolate with spices and you should take the opportunity to taste some of their chocolates.  By far, the very best item in the line is the Peanut Butter Bonbons.  They're incredible and worth $27 for nine bite-size pieces.  The packaging here is also really interesting.  Be sure to check out the truffles that combine cheese and chocolate.  Yes, you read that right.  The Rooster is a combination of Taleggio cheese, organic walnuts, Tahitian vanilla bean and bittersweet dark chocolate.  It's a crazy combination, but it works.The look of the shop is really cool.  The white circular mini tiles at the base of the counter remind me of the Paris Charles de Gaulle airport.
5	Coolest chocolate shop ever!Beautifully decorated and full of exotic chocolates from all over the world. Bought myself a box of exotic caramel bites filled with:Dulce de Leche - Argentine dulce de leche + Costa Rican cashews + milk chocolateBlood Orange - blood orange + Campari + dark chocolate + hibiscus powderBee Pollen - Tupelo honey + milk chocolate + bee pollenMaple Walnut - Canadian maple sugar + maple syrup + walnuts + dark chocolateas well as a milk chocolate plantain bar for my mom. Free samples were flowing as well. We got to try the Naga curry chocolate, a truffle filled with balsamic vinegar, another filled with ginger and wasabi, and Mo's Bacon Bar. We even learned that truffles (the mushroom) are named after truffles (the candy). I've died and gone to chocolate heaven
4	Fave Choc Bar: Mo's Bacon Bar. Best combo ever!Naga Mango is pretty good (dark choc dipped mango sprinkled with curry powder). Also like the Barcelona Bar- sea salt with choc is the best! and the almonds are perfectly roasted*yum*
4	Mo's Bacon Bar - Enuff said.
5	I love this place! My husband bought these chocolates for me before from Neiman Marcus for X-mas. The chocolates are different from most places- don't expect See's candy or Teuscher tasting chocolates. These are more complex and creative tasting- with each piece having either an herb or salt type component to it. I think adults will have a greater appreciation for this place than kids, but I am sure kids can still find some great chocolates to enjoy. One of the best things about this place is that even though they are high end, they let you sample many of the chocolates, so when in doubt, ask. The people who work there are great- Julie in particular was really knowledgeable and helped us out a lot. I love their hot chocolates, they have three different kinds- a white chocolate, a milk chocolate, and a dark spicy one. I think any chocolate aficionado should buy all three- they would be great for entertaining. I think Rachel Ray raves about the milk chocolate one. This place even has a small drink bar where you can get warm and cold drinks. I had a ginger beer float which was yummy. I love their toffee, their caramels, and the bacon chocolate. They have a cute pig shaped one for $12. Many thanks to Julie for taking such great care of us!!! We will definitely come back when we return to Vegas! This is the only west coast location for this store. I am hoping they open one in San Francisco. That would be awesome.
5	I first tried a Vosges bar after finding one at a local coffee shop in LA. I was wary at the $7 price, but the mix of dark chocolate, cinnamon and red chili was too intriguing to pass up. It pretty much rocked my world. So I did some research and discovered that there was a shop in Vegas, and wouldn't you know.. I had a trip planned already for Spring Break! Visiting the shop was the only thing on my itinerary for that weekend, and when I finally was able to drag my bro and sis there, we were in heaven. I walked off with a bagful of bars and some toffee, plus a few gifts for friends. At least 2 flavors are available for samples on the counter, but more importantly you can sample almost everything with the assistance of the staff. After my lengthy visit, I had sampled more than half of the options I think! What a great chocolate coma I had the rest of the day.  Besides the great product, what I was really impressed with was the friendly staff. I got a lot of great information and tips from the woman who helped me, and she was more than happy to give me and my family plenty of samples and suggestions. Those of you that read my reviews know how much I appreciate great service like this. And as a little epilogue, the other day I received a letter in the mail from the shop, which contained a hand-written note thanking me for my patronage and included a coupon for store and online use.  I can't wait to use it soon!
4	Probably 3.5 stars for this place.  There are some negatives.  It is very expensive.  Plus, you can get the signature candy bars elsewhere (Bristol Farms, World Market, etc.) so is a special trip worth the effort.  The chocolate was very good and creative.  Vosges utilizes a lot of different flavors and ingredients you don't see in your standard chocolate stores.  Some don't work (the red fire bar is surprisingly bland), but others were very tasty.The cashier was friendly, and she even threw in some free chocolate gifts when I checked out (probably because I was spending way more than I should have been).
4	WOW! Luxurious, delicious, rich, flavorful chocolates.While waiting for a table at Joe's Stone Crab next door, me and a collegue ventured over to Vosges. I knew by the look of the store and the minimal amount of product in the cases this place would be pricey...I was correct! Despite that, we still ventured inside and thought, "what the hell." They do offer samples, which I do appreciate as these types of chocolatiers don't normally do so. I chose the Balsamico as my sample. Mm, mmm, mmmm! A rich, creamy and smooth chocolate made with a mixture containing a sweet balsamic vinegar. Delish! Of course after my sample I felt a bit obligated to make a purchase. Sooo I opted for a small box of four truffles. I did another of the Balsamico (it was so good!), the Wink of the Rabbit (mixture of caramel and pecans, YUM!), the Naga (smooth and creamy dark chocolate made with curry, so savory!) and the Buddah's Leaf (for the life of me I can't recall this one, lol!) The chocolates here are rich, savory, full of flavor and pricey. My box of four truffles were $11, that's nearly $3 a piece! And each piece is barely two bites each! Despite the price tag, these chocolates were exoticly delicious. Not certain I will back, the price tag is enough to deter my cravings.
5	Whenever I am in Vegas I make a stop here for some sweet treats. I usually go for the truffles and I usually do the "make your own" box option. My fave truffle is the white chocolate, Ambrosia one. But they are all good. I like the exotic ones the best and also really like WInk of the Rabbit. The colors and the way the store is decorated is very chic and beautiful. I love the deep dark purple color that seems to be the theme throughout the store and their pretty boxes with satin ribbons. The packaging alone is worth grabbing a treat!
5	Allow me to preface this by stating this: I'm not a sweets person by any stretch of the imagination. Sweets and chocolate and candy usually gives me a headache and is typically so strong-tasting my mouth feels like exploding. I'm an adventerous woman when it comes to food, but for all intents and purposesI'm a girl who likes her beef jerky, her salty treats, nuts, and salty cheesy things. And bacon. So years ago when I saw a feature on Vosgues on The Food Network, in which Mo's Bacon Bar is mentioned, I knew I would have to try this. You know, just because. Finally, during a weekend in Sin City, I managed to convince my group to help me find my way through Ceasars Palace to locate this Chocolatier's store. And when I walked in, I learned so much about the world of chocolate. There was the olive oil truffle, the sea salt truffle, truffles with (omgomg) cheese in them, and the exotic truffles. Well, I was won over with the exotic ones. The Black Pearl is a stunning little thing made of dark chocolate and an ever so perfect balance of salt and a hint of ginger and wasabe sprinkled with black sesame seeds.  I wanted to become very small and dive into my little tester-spoonful of naga ice cream, which tasted of coconut (which I hate, but I loved this), and sampled the toffee which crumbled in my mouth ever so mouth-wateringly. The staff was informative and offered to let me sample whatever I liked. They were attentive, but it was also not very busy in there at the time. I took off with a custom box, with 9 perfect, pretty little truffles wrapped in a brilliant purple box with ribbon.  Walking out I felt like those kids at the Candy Bar in Willy Wonka. Again, this was an odd experience for me since I'm not a sweets person, but I kept a catalogue and I am definitely ordering more. I hear they're opening one up in LA.....One thing. I did forget to try what I came for. Mo's Bacon Bar. I was so overwhelmed with info and flavors I forgot what it was that drew me in the first place. Thankfully I found a bar at Cost Plus World Market. I'm still not decided on the Bacon Bar, but Vosgues is the only place that understands me, and the only place I'll splurge for sweets.
3	I was expecting a lot more from this high end chocolate shop but all I got was a Sephora-like atmosphere without the black gloves. Very interesting combination of chocolates as many reviewers have noted but there's just not a single flavor I'd buy in bulk and I sampled 5 different flavors. They tossed in a couple freebies and there was some tortilla chips dipped in chocolate sprinkled in Cayenne pepper. Again, interesting combos but not yummy.
4	My favorite chocolate bar from Vosges now comes in dark chocolate!! Yes, you can now get Mo's Bacon Bar in dark chocolate... Applewood smoked bacon + Alder wood smoked salt + 62% dark chocolate. It's scrumptious! Vosges is for the adventurous chocolate lover, and definitely for the chocolate lover who isn't afraid to splurge on decadence. The chocolate bars are $7.50-$8.50, and individual truffles are $2.50. The staff was rather generous with giving us samples. I practically had a taste of every flavor. I think pretty much all of the exotic ones EXCEPT for the dark chocolate + mushrooms one. That one sounded like something you'd eat before seeing a Cirque show.
4	Get Mo's Bacon Bar -- just do it. Don't hesitate for one minute or dwell on the presumed oddity of it. Just buy, eat, and indulge. Salty, savory, and wonderfully chocolaty. Mmmmm, thanks Vosges.
3	Just happened to be at the IP and got some dark truffles to share. very good. I don't know how I would compare it as my experience with chocolate is limited. But I liked it. I however don't know why it is listed under Coffee and Tea. they should fix that it's confusing.
4	Excellent, high quality chocolates (though very pricey!), but the service was amazing.  They let you try a nibble of anything you may want to buy and they even threw in an extra truffle for free after I said I was going to share my sample one with my husband (who was babysitting outside).  Wonderful place.  I would give 5 stars except I have actually had better chocolates elsewhere (hard to believe I know), and I thought they needed a little more variety.
5	The last time I was at Vosges Haut-Chocolat, I got some chocolates to go, and a lot of it was good.  They focus on exotic ingredients.  The shop itself has a very nice decor, and there is a lot of variety in chocolates.  I don't remember the little bar positioned in the back the last time I was here.  The little bar was for milkshakes and other chocolate drinks.We knew we immediately wanted to try their milkshakes.  Their milkshakes are made from their selection of exotic ice creams.  The server was very nice and allowed us to sample each ice cream (4 in total).  A lot of times, you get those "are you going to order or not?" stares, but here, the woman was quite pleasant and helpful.I tried the Naga first.  The focus of the Naga was curry and coconut.  Curry is not the first flavor you want in an ice cream.  Though you could definitely distinguish the curry flavor, it was still very good.  And the curry went well with it.Then it was Red Fire.  It was basically dark chocolate mixed with Mexican flavors including chillies, but all you could really taste was the dark chocolate.  It didn't have the burn you would expect.Next was the Wattleseed, which was a nutty vanilla.  Very good.  And finally, it was Pandan leaf--chocolate ice cream with Pandan leaf (kind of like a vanilla flavor).  The server gave us Pandan extract to smell; it was quite interesting.I went with the Wattleseed for my milkshake.  It was very nice with a good texture.  The flavor was distinct and memorable--so often milkshakes are good (it is ice cream after all), but the flavor is nothing you would remember.  That was not the case here.  It was not too expensive either.  The size was on the smaller side, but it was still more than enough.The milkshake I had here would rank up with the best I've had (and I've had a lot in my lifetime).  I can't see myself coming to Las Vegas again without stopping at Vosges for a milkshake.
5	After eating at Joe's next door to this chocolate shop, we decided to stop in when we read "Bacon Chocolate" on the window.  The service is impeccable, the samples very generous.  I purchased the mix truffle box and their exquisite toffee.  Because they were voted as having the best drinking chocolate (hot chocolate) in Vegas, we tried the Parisienne hot and cold.  People, if you are in the mood for a very great drinking chocolate and want something rich, creamy, filling, and delectable, please stop by this chocolate house and have a cup.  At $5 per cup it's worth it.  I could share my 1 cup with my boyfriend and still be satisfied.  Excellent truffles and excellent drink.  It's a definite must when in Vegas.
4	I really can't imagine stopping in Vegas without visiting one of my favorite chocolatiers in the world. I'm fortunate in that I can readily purchase most of the Vosges' chocolate bars at Whole Foods and World Market, but my friend lives in Oklahoma. You think these chocolates are expensive? Try buying them from the website and then having to pay extra for 2nd Day or Next Day shipping because she lives in a warmer climate. Naturally, she has to stock up every time she's in Vosges.We walk in, and they are having a special on chocolate bars, buy 5 get 1 free. So while I'm deciding which bars to get, my friends grabs 6 Naga bars. They also have a delicious caramel with tupelo honey and bee pollen that is ONLY available in their Exotic Caramel box. And there's only one of them! How evil is that?! There's a lot of choices and they do provide samples, but if you are indecisive as I am, a good choice is to get a sampler pack of the mini chocolate bars. Speaking of the devil, one of my favorite bars now comes in dark chocolate. Mo's Bacon Bar in dark chocolate... together at last!
5	most people go to vegas to gamble. or to hit up a strip club. or to get wasted. these days, i go so i can stop by vosges and pick up chocolates and goodies.the flavors offered are all unique and incredible, ranging from exotic curry to comforting favorites such as the wink of the rabbit (caramel dark chocolate). vosges would rank at the top of my chocolate hierarchy. i've sampled most of the truffles and bars, and i have to say, the descriptions are spot on. if it says ancho chili, you will taste the chili in the truffle. such creative flavors and well made chocolates are likely to be appreciated by all. in addition, there is a selection of cookies, brownies, and ice cream. the half baked cookies are seriously addictive. crumbly, with just the right amount of crunch, it's hard not to eat the entire thing in one sitting. although i prefer the truffles, whole foods and other retail outlets in the bay area do carry a selection of vosges bars so if you cannot make it to vegas, there's always that option.
4	Luxury chocolate maker uses an "East meets West" philosophy to create addictive exotic truffles and chocolate bars. The infusion of spices and flowers is mixed with premium chocolate resulting in a delicate balance with hints of rare flavor. The Naga, for example, blends sweet Indian curry, coconut and deep milk chocolate, while the Black Pearl is dark chocolate mixed with ginger, wasabi and black sesame seed.My personal recommendation would be the Mo'Bacon Bar. Two equally obsessive over foods come together to create an unbelievable taste combination of sweet, smoky and savory. Applewood smoked bacon pieces with alderwood smoked salt, and creamy milk,  with deep dark chocolate. Do not be discouraged by the price. They are pricey but a worthwhile experience, truly!
5	if you can appreciate exotic flavors, try vosges. A friend of mine had raved about it when she had gone to new york and was excited when she found out that there was a store in vegas. it was a must-go-to-stop on our all-girls-vegas trip. the store itself has a clean and crisp feel and the workers are very friendly and helpful. i got the 9 piece dark chocolate truffle set for the bf which i was looking forward to tasting with him together. but before i knew it he had devoured the whole box in 2 days :( so to make it up to me, he got me a milk chocolate truffle set the next time he went to vegas (which was within the next few weeks). little did he know, he got me the box of 16 :D haha it was pretty awesome though. each truffle has its own smell, flavor and look. the set of 16 was nice because there were a few more different truffles that werent in the set of 9. when i had gone with the girls we got their ice cream. there were 3 or 4 different flavors available. i remember it being light and creamy with hints of flavor. flavors that by the description, you'd think would be overpowering (like indian curry or chili pepper) but they were very delicate. this last time that i went, we got the Mo Bacon bar which is so freakin good. you could actually taste the smokeyness of the applewood bacon and it actually had bits of bacon in it. (not like that shitty chocolate covered bacon at the county fair!) it comes with directions on how to eat the chocolate (rub with thumb and index finger, inhale, bite off a piece, let it melt, etc etc) omg i definitely followed these instructions to rub my thumb to release the aromas! WOW. and its milk chocolate but the richness of it really makes it taste like dark chocolate. a-ma-zing! we also got the caramel toffee. wow. it was soft but had a slight crunch and not overly sweet. it had a nice nutty crust of pecans and walnuts. mmmm. so good! yes they sell vosges chocolate bars at speciality stores like whole foods but you gotta go to the vosges store for the experience and try the truffles. its now a must-go-to-stop for me in vegas to see what else i can try and love :)
4	Yum!  What a surprise this was!  I didn't realize that Vegas is a chocolate town.  They had the most unique flavors.  My only complaint was that there were almost no prices anywhere.  It was strange once we purchased something we were offered samples of everything else, if we had only been offered the samples first!  As is was we ended up making two separate purchases in a five minute span.  I give extra points for the great "gift-wrapping" of the chocolates we bought for our friends.  By the way...curry on chocolate=fantastic!
4	If you had to pick one spot to be held hostage in Vegas, you could do worse than the bottom floor of the Forum Shops at Caesars' rotunda, where Vosges chocolate is next to Joe's Stone Crab and across from Agent Provacateur. Anyone who says "Vegas Sucks" should be taken to this spot and told "STFU." Vosges takes the chocolate art and expands the palate, not only with their famous bacon bar, but several sweet-savory combinations that must be tried (luckily they are generous with sample bits). (See other reviews for examples)Treat someone you love (like yourself) to something special: get them Vosges.
5	I love this place.  Yet another reason why Vegas is one of my favorite places.  It's definately worth checking out if you've never been. They give generous sized samples of different types of chocolates just laying around.  They also leave you alone and don't pressure you into buying anything.  They have unique chocolates such as ones with bacon, chile, salt and curry in it.  Bacon with anything is good. Finally someone was daring enough to put it with chocolate. Ah such a deadly duo. I like spice so it's all about  the Red Fire toffee with chile mmmm I was addicted to them. I also tried a drink, the spicy hot chocolate for only $5. That's what I spend normally at Starbucks but the chocolate here is so smooth and good quality chocolate.  They got me. Lured me in with the free chocolates and now I'm hooked.  Too bad their other locations are in New York and Chicago. The chocolates are a bit expensive but these are nice treats.  This will have to be one of my Vegas stops from now on. Luckily you can buy these chocolates online from their website. You can also get some of their chocolates at speciality stores like Whole foods. Pecfect for when I have a craving and can't make it out to Vegas but nothing beats going to the actual store. Artful chocolates, free samples and drinks made as you order. It may be the chocolate in me talking, but how could you not be in love after visiting this place.
5	Hello bacon bar! I bought a few for some friends as a part of their birthday gifts. They really enjoyed it. I like some of their chocolates. Some are just OK and some are so out there different that you can't help but want to try them all. The prices are a bit much but it's really NOT too bad when you consider that all their products are organic and are hand crafted pieces of edible art. Try the chocolate with the hot chili. It's actually not THAT hot. On top of that, you can get a glass of milk to go with it if you fear the after effects of the chili. I had to take advantage of their promotion. I think I bought 5-7 bars and one of them was free, or something like that. I can't remember how many I purchased. I bought several. Really, their items make great gifts.
5	It just doesn't get any better than Vosges chocolate and I'm NOT a chocolate person. But holy crap these flavor combinations are insane. West Coasters LV is your ONLY chance to experience Vosges. All their other locations are in New York or Chicago and come summer time you can only overnight your online orders. Which usually costs more than the chocolate. Customer Service at this place is stellar! They were so so nice and not hesistant about offering samples. If you are going here just to try their famous Mo Bacon Bar (they have samples waiting). I tried the Bacon bar in both Milk Chocolate and Dark Chocolate (new). Definitely prefer the Milk to the Dark. The Dark covers up alot so you do not get as much of the Alderwood Sea Salt or Smoked Bacon (and you want to taste ALL of it believe me). The ladies were also nice enough to offer us a sample of some sort of "Rose" truffle. They have 2 different types of "rose" truffles (pair nicely with Champagne) and simply put I've never tasted anything with rose in it with the such a concentrated flavor. Only downside is you have to buy the "rose" truffles collection. You can't buy them individually yet. Top Buys1. Mo's Milk Chocolate Bacon Bar (applewood smoked bacon + Alder wood smoked salt + deep milk chocolate, 41% cacao)2. Woolloomooloo  Bar (salted & roasted macadamia nuts, hemp seed oil, indonesian coconut & deep milk chocolate, 41% cacao)3. The Rooster (Taleggio cheese + organic walnuts + Tahitian vanilla bean + bittersweet dark chocolate) They give you a pamplet that takes you bite by bite through your 1st Rooster (follow it!).
4	The original bacon bar. This is where it all began.  So from the outside you can barely tell that it's a candy shop. That's how chic the decor is.  Let me begin by telling you that they love to add hot peppers and weird spices to their candy and i love candy so I'm willing to give it a shot.If you ask they'll give you samples of there most popular/weird treats.  Their famous bacon chocolate bar is really good, crunchy, and a hint of smoky. I really liked their old-fashion toffee. There's also a different kind where they added red hot peppers into the mix. Not really my type.  Their truffles are very exquisite. I'm in love with The Wink of a Rabbit. So smooth and I do love my white chocolateThe staff is very friendly here. One of the bartistas were making hot chocolate and they offered it to us for free so of course my brother and I tried it.  First sip: delicious. 5 seconds later "holy crap! It's spicy!" "what a sick joke man".  If only they didn't stir the hot chocolate with a supersized Big Red gum stick.The prices is really up there but this isn't sn ordinary Godiva or See's so it shouldn't hurt to try new things and be adventurous.
3	Vosges is a popular chocolate shop at the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace. They also have a small selection of cookies. I went for the Costa Rican Chocolate Chip cookie. For an average-sized $5.50 cookie, I expected the finest cookie I had ever tasted. Instead I had what tasted like a baked ball of butter and brown sugar (not horrible- who doesn't like butter and brown sugar). Large chocolate pieces were sparsely mixed in. The cookie was very crumbly and difficult to eat. Obviously the cookie was made with high-quality ingredients, but that couldn't save this cookie. Next time I'll pass, and I encourage you to save your $5.50. I'm sure you can find plenty of other uses for that money in Sin City.Vosges also makes a caramel toffee cookie and a naga cookie (pumpkin base with chocolate chips and Indian curry).
4	Overall, my experiences with Vosges have been good.  I've had one of the best milkshakes I could remember there--distinct taste, hand scooped ice cream, refreshing.  I have also had the good fortune to get some of their chocolate truffles as a gift, which were great.  Their truffles were a lot like their milkshakes--they tasted good, but the flavors were also distinct and unique (not just rich, chocolately and heavy like many--though not all--of the truffles you will find at Godiva).On my last trip, I ordered one of their milkshakes (the Wattleseed--kind of a nutty vanilla) and while the taste was very good, it was way too thin.  It was more like drinking cold milk than a milkshake.  For the price, the portion size was not that big.  This was made worse by the fact that they used so little ice cream in the milkshake.  Since this milkshake was so thin and not that big, I drank it quicker than probably any milkshake I've ever had.Vosges is definitely not cheap, but the quality is good and the flavors are distinct and sophisticated.  I'm not one to send stuff back, but given that the service is good, they would have probably re-did the milkshake if I had requested.  I will still return to Vosges on my next Vegas visit, but I hope my milkshake will be better.I will also have to splurge and take home some of those good chocolates.Vosges is also known for their expensive, gourmet candy bars, which you can also find at Bristol Farms or Cost Plus World Market.
5	two words: bacon bars.the guys at the MJ store recommended this store to me a couple years ago, claiming they had THE BEST chocolate. It's located directly across from the MJ store at the Forum shops so I decided to give it a look. Ever since then, this place is one of the few stores I make it a point to hit up when i'm in LV. They have a wide assortment of gourmet chocolate, including green tea, spicy, wasabi (yes, wasabi), goji berry, hazelnut (in their gianduja bar), and well, you get the picture. I can't say I'm a fan of all of their chocolates but it's fun being adventurous and trying new things out.My favorite by far is the bacon bar. This is the reason I am giving them 5 stars. I love bacon and I love chocolate. Their bacon bar is so decadent and I always feel a little naughty when I eat it :) It comes in milk chocolate and dark chocolate, and there are tiny little bacon bits in them. They recently came out with a bacon-toffee chocolate bar, which is good too. The next time I go back, I definitely want to try the boxed chocolates. The packaging is all purple, which is my favorite color!
5	GO GO GO. An island of quality. In Vegas. Not feigned quality: Quality.1. Fantastic Chocolate. Go with the truffles. You can get the chocolate bars in other places more easily. Plus, some of them are really innovative.2. INTELLIGENTIA COFFEE. Did everybody hear that? Intelligentia Coffee. That really goes to prove to you that this place is being very consistent when it comes to quality and it is a virtual oasis in the coffee desert that Vegas truly is. 3. Hugely nice and helpful staff. Again, neatly aligned with chocolate and coffee.and finally the ultimate perk: WIFI and outlets! These do not come cheap in Vegas. (caveat: tiny tables. tall chairs. not to spend more than a short period of time. but i've learned not to be greedy)
4	After perusing the slot machines and being solicited by suited men trying to get us to come to their nightclubs (free passes galore but totally wrong gals to be approaching), we headed back to Vosges for some more chocolate. Earlier that afternoon we had bought quite a bit of chocolates from Vosges and eyed their drinking chocolate menu, promising to return. We had intended to order two drinks but ended up with just one. We had an iced "Bianca" which was a white chocolate with vanilla and flavorings of lemon myrtle and lavender. It was quite delicious with the lemon myrtle standing out when iced. It was refreshing and not too heavy. With this we had the "Rooster" truffle, a truffle made of Tallegio cheese, organic walnuts, Tahitian vanilla bean & bittersweet dark chocolate. We had specific instructions to eat it within 3 bites from top to down. The first bite was definitely the Tallegio cheese with the bittersweet dark chocolate. I was taken by surprise by the strong flavor of the Tallegio cheese. The second bite had more of the walnuts, a nice follow-up to the cheese. Finally the last (and best) bite had seemed to embrace the wonderful flavors of the cheese, walnuts and vanilla bean all at once. Definitely a yummy snack to have along with our drinking chocolate.We then headed back to our hotel room, full and happy from all of the chocolate we had just eaten. Of course we stayed up talking and at some point I got hungry again. We busted into chocolate covered caramel marshmallows from Vosges. The marshmallows were made from Madagascar vanilla bean with a caramel on top. It was then coated in chocolate and topped with bits of toffee. It was very delicious and I imagine that they would have been wonderful in smores.
4	What an experience.  The selection of flavors, truffles and chocolate bars are incredibly exotic, such as Australian Wattleseed or absinthe infused truffles.  This store is not for someone who wants to unceremoniously and unconsciously eat "something sweet."  Rather, Vosges can be a pleasurable culinary experience that opens your eyes to the art of blending flavors, spices and textures.  Many times there are mini-sets of themed flavored truffles that are very fun to purchase because it is more economical and you are able to get a variety of interesting flavors.
4	For those not familiar with Vosges, their chocolates are known for combining unconventional ingredients with the highest quality chocolate - such as chili pepper, wasabi, etc.  Don't judge before you taste.  Go and get free samples.  You will be pleasantly surprised.Their best chocolate bar:Bacon and chocolate. Bacon, bacon bacon!  I feel like the dog in the snausages commercial.Much better variety and unique tastes than Godiva. If you want to know how it compares to See's, please don't come here.
2	We found this place on Yelp. Went to caesars palace just to find it. I can understand that it would be an acquired taste, but it is just one I dont have. We gave it a fair try. The service was good. We asked for suggestions, and tried a scoop of icecream and 5 different kinds of truffles. The icecream was pretty good, but not awesome. Ive had better and cheaper at baskin robbins. All the truffles we tried were awful! Keep in mind, we went with the suggested selections, the ones that the employees said were the most popular. We were sceptical but still tried. And after one was disgusting, we still kept an open mind and tried them all..figuring we couldnt dislike ALL of them. But really, we should have trusted our initial reactions. Chocolate does not belong with curry and coconut.. nor does it belong with chilis and toffee... or ginger and wasabi... or the worst one we tried... had cheese and walnuts in it. We didnt knock it til we tried it. But pass!!!!
5	A friend bought me a box of bars for my birthday and that's how this addiction began. After finishing my bars I was on a search to see where I could get more. I was so disappointed that I couldn't buy it in California. They only had an online store, Las Vegas, or New York. So I made it a point to buy some bars whenever I was in Vegas or New York. My favorites have grown to be: Mo's Dark Chocolate Bacon Bar, Wooloomooloo (macaddemia with coconut), Barcelona, and Creole. They also have truffles but I'm more interested in the bars because they last longer. These bars don't come cheap at $7.50 a bar. But it is oh-so-worth it once sink your teeth into one of these bars. These make really cute gifts as you can mix an match the bars or buy a pre-packaged bar set that comes nicely packaged with a purple ribbon. Well, until we meet again - I will be thinking about you.
5	Gotta love a classy chocolate store.  It is a luxury to buy chocolates like this because of the quality ingredients and the stellar service.  I got the mini-bar box and the milk choc truffle collection which were both for ME and both savored til the last bite.  The lovely sales person wrapped them in purple tissue paper and ribbon.  Just make note not to buy these unless you will keep them in a cool place.   LV was 100+ degrees when we were there and I had to plan when to go by Vosges just so they wouldn't melt (and waste such pretty expensive chocolates).  Also, this location is hard to find and if you enter from the Forum shops go all the way (way, way)  to the right past the "mall" area towards another set of escalators.   Its on the street level by Sony. P.S. I have no idea how to pronounce this place!
5	Completely obsessed with this chocolate - the bon bons are better than the bars, but everything here is amazing, the ice cream to the hot cocoa!The curry , lavendar and coconut flavors are best
4	I was in the area recently and I had learned from fellow Yelpers about the bacon, chocolate bar, so I had to give it a try.Had I read Yelp first and specifically Misti's review, I would have known Vosges was on the first floor of the newer area of the Forum Shops.  Up to the top and then the circular escalators down to the first floor.  It certainly is out there.I bought one Mo's Dark Bacon Bar at $7.50.  Yes, that certainly is pricey.  While the bar tastes very nice, rich dark chocolate flavor with a somewhat salty taste from the bacon bits in the chocolate.  It's something I'll enjoy one chocolate square at a time.  The bar is also available in milk chocolate.For those venturing here, the best way to get to this area is to park at valet.  Vosges is next to Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak and Stone Crab Restaurant.  Happy chocolate hunting!
4	My Must Get items are...1. The Mocha Latte. It is soooo rich!!! More like a european style hot chocolate with espresso. Unlike most place where it's just a latte with a squirt of crappy Hershey's. Ask them for the sea salt, add a generous pinch and prepare your taste buds for a rare treat. I know salt sounds gross (I hate the sea salt coffee at 85 degrees) but in this drink it really enhances the chocolate. Best Latte I've ever had!2. Chocolate covered marshmallows. I know it sounds like it's for kids, but this is a more complex version that the adult pallate will enjoy. It has a layer of nice caramel and pecans and I love the lil crunchy specks of vanilla bean in the marshmallow. Buy the big box, they're addictive. 3. The Barcelona bar. It's just a damn good chocolate bar.4. The spicy toffee, I forget the name of it but it has cinnamon and chile pepper and it's got a great crunch. It's very unique. The truffles are a letdown. Im used to Teuscher, which makes some seriously quality truffles imported from Switzerland and the ones here can not compare. The outer shell is way too thick and hard and the ganache just seems cheap and lacks richness. Pricey chocolate should taste like pricey chocolate. The descriptions all sound neat but in actuality the only one that really seems special is the Rooster. The choc shell is not too thick and hard on this one. The people who work here are awesome and they always remember us.
5	The best quality chocolate you can get in Vegas or pretty much anywhere for the most part. Factory Certified organic and they use organic or all natural ingredients. Handmade and privately owned and operated by a woman. Many gluten-free and vegan options including hot cocoas. Sorry but it doesn't get any better.
5	What the?!? I didn't write a review on this place yet?? I must be crazy.. (ok maybe I am..) Katrina is one crazy girl as well to be able to experiment with so many different wonderful flavors that just works amazingly delicious with chocolate.I don't know anywhere else where you would find a chocolate bar that had ginger, wasabi, and black sesame seeds mixed wonderfully into 55% dark chocolate (it's called the Black Pearl in case you were wondering).One of my favorites is the Red Fire, which is a Mexican ancho and chipotle chillies, with also Ceylon cinnamon in a dark chocolate. They also have a toffee version that is just delish!!More recently, the thought of bacon and chocolate together evolved... having seen things like bacon covered chocolate that theme parks and other candy selling places. However, Katrina has found a wonderful balance with her Mo's Bacon bar collection adding just the right amount of applewood bacon to chocolate to just make it... perfect.Katrina is a wonderful chocolatier, and she always surprises me with new things whenever I come back to this store location. I bought myself some bars she made for the holidays (peppermint candy cane in dark chocolate, and gingerbread toffee also in dark chocolate.. can you tell I like dark chocolate? lol) along with a few other delicious ones.Sadly the Matcha Green Tea was discontinued, due to having not much interest, from what I was told when I tried looking for it.. but it's ok... there's always some new flavors that comes out and I think it's wonderful she continues to experiment with new flavors. If you remotely like chocolate.. this is a place you must go to!
4	Vosges is a gourmet chocolate store in The Forum Shops At Caesars.  Vosges features high-end chocolates like a Godiva boutique, but it provides a more unique style by focusing on exotic flavors.  While Vosges is pricey like Godiva, the exotic flavors do come across in some of their items, which (to me at least) makes this one much more worth visiting than a Godiva.Vosges' exotic truffles are good.  Several of them have unique flavors, which are memorable and more distinctive than a truffle you would get at Godiva.Vosges also carries many packaged chocolates including exotic candy bars (you can also find these at a Bristol Farms, Whole Foods or Cost Plus World Market).  On my most recent visit to Vosges, I tried a package of their exotic caramels.The exotic caramels had great sounding flavors like Bee Pollen & Honey Caramel, Maple Syrup & Walnut Caramel, Dulce De Leche & Cashew Caramel, and Blood Orange & Hibiscus Caramel.  Unlike their exotic truffles, not many of the caramels provided a unique flavor experience (with the exception being the blood orange caramel, which had a bitterness and tartness that was quite different from most caramels I've had).The caramels were still good though.  The caramels were the type of melt-in-your-mouth caramels that everybody wants.  The chocolate coating was smooth and creamy and not overly rich.I also tried one of their milkshakes.  After having a truly exceptional milkshake experience on my first visit here, my last milkshake here about a year ago was way too thin.  Unfortunately, the Chocolate Pandan milkshake I had here in January was also too thin.  It had a great flavor and was addictive, but it was more like a cold chocolate milk than a milkshake.  Having watched them make it, I do not think it is caused by using too little ice cream.  I think they may over blend here.  I recently paid them another visit in February and I found out that they are no longer serving milkshakes here.Service has been consistently friendly and good here.  They typically provide a few freebies when you make a purchase here and that was the case on my last visit.Vosges is pricey, but their ice cream and milkshake prices were not that bad when compared to some of the other high priced ice cream / gelato places located in The Forum Shops.I have had sweets here that were truly exceptional though my last few experiences have not been as good.  I do not think that has anything to do with a decline in their quality.  Instead, ordering right here is key.  Vosges is a more unique chocolate experience than Godiva (and there are quite a few Godiva locations in Vegas).  Between the two, I would definitely recommend Vosges.  But given how their sweets really vary by flavor, I would suggest engaging Vosges' good staff to find the best and most impactful sweets here.Complimentary valet parking is available.  I think complimentary self-parking (via a parking structure) is also available.
4	Have to agree with Maggie C on trying to find this place. I thought it was just me and the fact that I'm a Vegas newb. So from the Casino, you enter the Forum Shops, swing a right at Fountain o' Gods, pass the Festival Fountain, walk into Cul-de-sac and continue around inefficient loop to reach escalators to the lower level.I went through a lot of trouble to get here (I also stupidly tried to get to Caesars palace from Flamingo which apparently is ok if you're in a limo or are VIP),  and just for a coffee. I found their coffee offering is limited, only five espresso drinks. I had a mocha with Parisienne flavoring, which is mainly dark chocolate. It was good, not too rich but definitely flavorful. It woke me up and I'm ready to roll on some work again. I also tried the caramel marshmallows if only because it took me so damn long to find it. I didn't understand why they kept them refrigerated until I bit into one, the cool temperature of caramel and chocolate swam right over a warm, fluffy bed of marshmallow. Somebody definitely thought about its construction.While not worth it just to go for a coffee, it is a chocolate connoisseur's dream. Also note that the person at the counter is very bright and friendly.
5	Vosges is a beautiful little boutique chocolate spot with delectables that leave you hypnotized.  And wanting more.My favorites?Wattleseed Ice Cream, Bapchi's Caramel Toffee, Caramel Marshmallows... my mouth is watering.When I used to work at the Forum Shops it would be such a great place to visit if we wanted to lift our spirits.  The staff is amazing and the shop is adorable.  You must stop by!
4	I've been to the various locations of this place... one in new york and this one in vegas. one time bought my mom the bacon chocolate bar as an interesting gift. she ended up gagging and not being able to eat bacon for an entire year. i don't really blame her. a bizarre combo. however, i don't suppose i blame this on the makers of the bar as much as just the fact that there's probably a good reason no one else has attempted to create such a concoction. to the credit of vosges though, it is interesting and someone had to try. i give vosges four stars because although many of their ingredient combos are weird, i enjoy that aspect and feel like few other chocolate shops are really striving for creativity. so 4 stars for taking some risks. i myself stuck to the more traditional flavor though -- vanilla. it was AMAZING. truly one of the best truffles i've had, making it well worth the exorbitant price tag for one piece of chocolate. mmm.
4	Bacon and Eggs chocolate!!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LpJvitnw7vU5UW-3KE9kjA?select=05V2dKzM-R3p4oJRngv_TwCute! If you love funky, exotic, expensive chocolate, this place is a good place to check out. They have these fun, funky chocolate bars http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LpJvitnw7vU5UW-3KE9kjA?select=AgIkITFbopwNhh8aTyzBVQ you can find also at Whole Foods and some candy shops: Bacon Chocolate being their most famous i think. I've had it before and it's pretty good salty sweet. If i didn't have so many sweet places to hit, i would have liked to have had more time (and MONEY) to try their different truffles. A cool stop at the Forum Shops for a unique chocolate fix.Vegas reviews= DONE!!! until i go back in sept :)
4	So we walked in circles trying to locate this tiny shop located in the great ceasar.. Oh boy... Finally found it-- a bar of chocolate covered bacon- duno to be excited or...I did not try it while my friends paid a arm and a leg.. of 6.00 a bar of chocolate! Yummy delicious.. huh? Yep.. I saw them sad face.. haha!On the bright side.. I think its buy 5 or 6 get one free! whoot whoot!
3	If you're a fan of exotic-flavored chocolates and caramels and you don't mind paying $2.50 or more per bite, this is a 5-star store.It's a small store and the offerings feel a little limited because I've previously gotten their chocolate bars from Whole Foods.  But the cashiers were very helpful at discussing the various chocolates and there are free samples of a few items.  I bought a box of 4 bite-sized caramels for $10 and they're good caramels (bee pollen is intriguing), but you're paying as much for the exotic-ness of the ingredients and pairings as you are for good chocolate-covered caramel.  I highly recommend stopping in if you're nearby, but unless you love exotically flavored chocolate I wouldn't go out of my way.  Also, don't forget there's a Max Brenner chocolate store and restaurant also in the Forum Shops.
4	I've heard so much about chocolate covered bacon, I finally broke down to see what it was about.This is a fairly high-end chocolate store, but it's nice.  While I don't see myself lounging around on the couches they provide, I did try some of their samples, like the chocolate seasoned with the New Orleans chicory coffee (quite good).  Around the place they have signs asking people to be respectful and understand that all items may not to be to everyone's tastes.  This is pretty good chocolate.  I couldn't foresee anyone screaming in horror and spitting out their sample in disgust.  Have they had instances in the past?Regardless of said unsolved mystery, the staff present was very nice and helpful, and helped me select the bacon chocolate treat I wanted to try.  And it was good.  Weird-good, a little salty, but strangely, compellingly good.  Not a regular choice, but something I could easily try again as a treat.But here's the thing, I didn't seem to have any sales tax when I checked out.  I even checked my receipt, and everything matched up.  Do they make the tax inclusive to the overall price?  Is this a tax exempt food item?  Whatever the reason, I'm not arguing it.  It was just a little surprising.This is very classy, quality chocolate with a nice staff running the place, and not a bad pricing for the level of taste that you get.  I'll have to try their "drinking chocolate".  My, they have a fancy name for everything these days, don't they?But quite a pleasant little splurge all the same.
4	Yelp 365 challenge: Review 005/365 (8/5/2011)Stopped by this place on Thursday, the afternoon before I left Vegas to return home.  I actually planned to go here prior to my trip, but my vacation buddy put up a fuss about it being located in Caesars (i.e., on the Strip) - so this was a last-minute visit.  A few of the reasons why I wanted to go:1.  Hawaii doesn't have a VHC branch.2.  S&H fees to Hawaii via the VHC website are sky-high, especially during the summer.3.  I was curious about the bacon & chocolate combination.4.  I loooove pigs, so I really, really, really wanted to buy the Flying Chocolate Pig.Overall, despite it being located in what I'd consider an obscure section of the Forum Shops, the store was as expected.  However, I was disappointed to hear that they ran out of Bacon Caramel Toffee, and would only restock the day after (when I was already long gone).  I ended up just buying the Mini Exotic Candy Bar Library, the Flying Chocolate Pig (the last one, actually) and one each of Mo's Bacon Bar (Dark Chocolate and Milk Chocolate).Since then, I haven't taste-tested anything else other than the Flying Pig, which includes bacon pieces.  IMO, the bacon pretty much tastes like toffee bits and nothing extremely distinctive.  It could just be me though, and my taste buds *shrugs*.  I'll have to write an update when I try out my other purchases from VHC.For now, four stars.
5	Yummmmmmmm. Was a little apprehensive about the drinking chocolates considering it was sweltering outside BUT they can make them iced so no worries! I had read the reviews beforehand and decided to take the advice of Victoria and try the Naga, but I got the truffle version instead (those cookies were huge and I was pretty full). It was amazing!!!! My friend and I sat down for beverages (partly to rest up from the long walk through the Forum Shops) and I had the Bianca. That was probably the best drinking chocolate of my life. The server was friendly and gave us lots of info about the products. I will be back soon for a box of that drinking chocolate mix.
4	Sampled some great chocolates with my boyfriend and he ended up purchasing the $40 box.  I wasn't feeling well so I didn't try very much, but what I did try was so good, especially one with sea salt.  Sea salt and chocolate are kind of a problem for me when they join forces.  Sooo delicious. BUT what stood out to me that day (in 100+ degree Vegas heat where we'd already had BEAUTIFUL pastries purchased from another store MELT just from walking outside for a bit!!) was they offer you ice packs to put around your chocolate purchase in case you will be heading outside. Brilliant! I wish the bakery I'd gone to had done the same!
1	We tried all three of their drinking chocolates and they are kind of gross.  We understood the fact that they are supposed to be fairly exotic and gourmet, but they are really vile.Can't believe we have to throw out 3 boxes of incredibly expensive schlock.    If you are drinking  the bandwagon kool-aid, I'm sure you'll love it.  Otherwise, don't waste your time.  Make your own with quality chocolate.
4	It's probably good this place is so expensive, or I'd buy more each time I visit! Hands-down favorites are the Mo's Bacon Bar in dark chocolate, and the bacon chocolate chip pancake mix - yummy! There are always tasty samples to try, and I was surprised to find I enjoyed some of their odder flavor combinations. Worth a visit for me whenever I'm in town!
4	Love this place and their chocolate. The Red Fire bar is my absolute favorite chocolate bar. I also love all of their drinking chocolates. Not as big of a fan of their filled chocolates, but they're good. Just not my favorite. I really like the bars better and the drinking chocolates.
5	Mo's Dark bar with bacon bits is my favorite chocolate product in the world! The salesgirl today was very nice and gave me samples so I would know what I was buying before committing $7.50/bar.  I stocked up on bars because Hawaii doesn't have a Vosges and the shipping is ridiculous if you buy online.  I wish I had bought more bars!
4	This is a really fun store with lots of gourmet chocolates. The main thing that drew me in to the store was a huge banner advertising chocolate and bacon toffee. When I walked in and inquired, the young lady behind the counter walked me over to what she pointed out to be an entire featured section of chocolate items with bacon in them!The staff was very friendly and helpful without being pushy at all. The store is located inside the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace and was very clean and organized. Would definitely come here again for any of my chocolate/bacon needs.
5	Whenever anyone comes to visit Vegas and asks for recommendations for places to visit, I always recommend Vosges. Once I suggest this place, I have to mention Mo's Bacon bar. There is a lot of shock value to bacon and chocolate for some strange reason. I have to convince everyone that this is the best combination that can ever be produced. Then, I take them there. My favorite is the classic Red Fire bar. I consider myself to be quite a chili-head so anything spicy is ok with me. I used to come here all of the time for their red fire ice cream. Sadly, it no longer exists. I was probably the only who purchased it anyway. Honestly, anything here is awesome. I haven't tried anything that Vosges makes that I don't like: Black Pearl, Oaxaca, Blood Orange Caramel, Goji, etc.
4	xoxo Vosges xoxoI have tried nearly everything in this store...Yeah,  greedy would be the word you are looking for lol. I don't have one favorite but anything spicy or SWalty is going to be a winner in my book. My must try list: -Peanut butter bar-Red fire bar-Goji berries + pink Himalayan salt bar- Barcelona bombalina almonds-Exotic Truffle Collection-Chili hot cocoa-Woolloomooloo bar-Black Salt Caramel barPS. don't hate me- but the bacon chocolate is all hype. So are the chocolate covered tortilla chips..boooooo
5	It had been years (like a decade) since I had been to Vegas. We arrived exhausted at midnight to Ceasars to wait for our shuttle to pick us up. I was sad because the girl forgot to put my box of chocolates in my bag from another chocolate store. When what to my wondering eyes should appear? Vosges Chocolat! It was midnight and the girl was tinkering with the doors to close them. My feet were killing me and I swore I would never walk again, but suddenly I was sprinting like fire was on my heels. I dove headfirst into the door before it could close.  I made it and the girl was EVER SO NICE even though it was closing time. I had no idea there was a location in Vegas. I tried to hurry since the poor girl probably had better places to be.But she was very patient with my confusion as to which truffles I wanted. It is always so overwhelming for me because I want them all. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LpJvitnw7vU5UW-3KE9kjA?select=PGQxmqXER38p_oC_D48kQQYes, the truffles here are a bit pricy. But it is worth it. The chocolate quality is wonderful. The chocolate is smooth and rich, not waxy and hard. The flavor combinations are tantalizing and exotic with fennel pollen, curry, balsamic vinegar, rose water. Just divine. Back at work, I carefully brought out my chocolate treasures rubbing my hands together and whispering *my preeeciouuusssss*. The receipt fluttered to the table. My co-worker looked at it and almost spit out her coke. You paid THAT for some  truffles?! (Holiday Flavor Box and three single truffles).  When I gave her a taste, she was amazed and agreed that somethings are worth the extra price and a little luxury now and then is good for the soul. Holiday Flavor Box of 4 was $12. Wrapped with a pretty ribbon with bells.Most truffles run about $2.50 each. Go ahead, indulge. When you find your favorite flavor, you will agree it is worth it. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LpJvitnw7vU5UW-3KE9kjA?select=u4GGLYGsISd7oe-FGklu5w
3	Yes, it's pricey.........like $3.00 for a tiny truffle.......but hey, I pay that without batting an eyelash for any and all Teuscher truffles.  The problem I had here is the "unique," if not strange flavors they had for truffles.  I don't know; I guess I'm not that adventuresome.  Thus, I didn't try any of those.  However, my husband and I shared a very small sampling (4) of their caramels.  The assortment had blood orange (my favorite of the 4), bee pollen, dulce de leche, and maple.  I didn't care for the bee pollen... aka honey.  Maple was uneventful, no discernable flavor, to be honest.  The dulce de leche was really good, though.  We also bought some of their milk chocolate toffee.  It was good, but I've had better to be honest.  I really liked the blood orange chocolate caramel, though.  It had a strong orange aftertaste, and in caramel, made it really unique.  Just to give you an idea of pricing, 4 caramels plus a small box of toffee cost me $29.  Crazy, yes, but I had to try something.  A box of truffles would have cost even more.
4	If you are a chocolate lover you will love this place. They specialize in gourmet chocolate with very untraditional flavors.   Very creative ingredient mixes like toffee, bacon and chocolate.  My favorite Is the Amalfi bar. It consists of lemon zest, pink peppercorns, & cocoa butter white chocolate. I also like the fact that they sell gift sets of 9 mini bars of different flavors. This way you get to try all their popular bars.
5	Oh Mama Mia.  If there's a chocolate lover in you, or with you, then you have to put Vosges Haut-Chocolat on your list of to-do's in LV, cuz it's all good in the chocolate bacon and toffee hood.  This place totally rocks!  I read the reviews, and they were all spot on.  You go for their Mo's Bacon Bar, Truffles, and you HAVE to get the Bacon Caramel Toffee for sure!  In fact, get two, cuz you're gonna eat it all once you open it up on the way back to your hotel.  Yup, that's right.  In my case I opened it up in the cab on the way to the airport, and by the time I got home they were aaaaallll GONE!  Yeah, I shared, never got so many orgasmic responses on a plane.....and they were not snake induced either.  The skinny Asian dude here was a really cool cat.  He was like a chocolate connoisseur, I asked all the questions about all the offerings and he had a descriptive answer for everything.  Yeah, he's like Quality Control there, he's tried it all.  He said the hot sellers were the Bacon Caramel Toffees, and the Milk Chocolate Mo's Bacon Bar.  I got both.  We knew their truffles were good, so we bought the Curry ones - - hot diggity - - damn good if you're a curry fan.  Cuz we were such fine customers he even offered us a small complimentary to-go truffle assortment 4pack - - how coolio is that?
5	Damn Vosges, I never knew how awesome you were!  In my life I've had many, many Vosges chocolate bars that I've purchased from my local candy store. I've loved every bar I've had, especially the bacon chocolate bar. It wasn't until my buddy, Michelle T, wrote here review about their shop that I realized they offered so much more than fancy chocolate bars. Located in the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace, Vosges Haut-Chocolat is a small shop that features many gourmet chocolate treats. They carry everything from chocolate bars, truffles, all types of toffee and even chocolate drinks. My wife and I were able to sample many things in the short time we were in the shop. One of the things we sampled that stood out the most was their Red Fire Toffee. It was chocolaty, caramely, crunchy and had a nice spicy kick. I liked it so much I ended up buying a small box. My wife purchased a box of their caramel toffee chocolate covered marshmallows, which were also fabulous.Even though the prices here a bit high, you definitely get what you pay for. Their truffles, toffee and bars are all phenomenal. The people who work here are all super friendly and love to talk about the products they sell. If you've never been to the Vosges Haut-Chocolat shop I highly recommend you do so. It' awesome!
3	We drag friends here for fun and surprises! Who knew that chocolate can be paired with chile, black tea, even bacon? Lots of seasonal choices-in spring, they have flower-scented chocolate!
5	Thanks to my frequently traveling Mother who spoils me with delectable chocolate gifts from her travels!  I must say I've never been to Vosges, but I've had their chocolates for the past 5 years (thanks to Mom), and they never disappoint.  The chocolate itself is rich, bold, smooth, creamy and addictive!  Some of the chocolates are infused with exotic flavors, which make it fun and interesting!  Give them a try, you won't be sorry.
5	When I'm in Vegas, I must make a stop to Vosges. The staff is very friendly and they have some of the most interesting and delicious chocolates you can imagine.This time around, I scored the Black Pearl Bar - ginger, wasabi, black sesame seeds, dark chocolate (55% cacao). I also sampled another spicy toffee bar that was great.Caught a great sale where I got one bar free with purchase of 5 and the prices are more reasonable than you'd expect. Make the trip to Caesar's Palace and bring some home for those you love!
5	superb.first tried vosges at louie botegga in downtown los angeles and i was hooked. somehow the story of vosges full of passion and "organic" goodness was appealing as well, and thus began my interest in delving into the intriguing history of european chocolatier wars and the sources of cacao beans and trying other exotic luxury chocolates... and i digress.... SO when we were at caesars i HAD to go to vosges.the marshmallow chocolate sample was simply heavenly and to die for.i picked up the chocolate books and the exotic truffles as the perfect gifts for my loved ones.  the assistant there was super friendly and helpful and brought out fresh chilled chocolates after i made my choices. the gifts were well received and the novel exotic treats delighted the recipients. trendy fun flavors like bacon caramel, salted, wasabi, champagne, roses, chilies, and more...  every flavor makes for really good chocolate. simply love it and will go back again.
3	Vosges is an exclusive place...one that you can only get to in the best cities in America or by running the maze that is the weird lower level of the Forum shops. Either way, it makes you feel pretty cool to even be visiting this place.Then, the chocolate: it's quite good and they have such a unique selection of flavors, you really have to take your time and savor each tiny bite.And you better savor each tiny bite because these things cost a fortune. $3 per chocolate, you've been warned.
4	Love coming here to sample their chocolates and buy gifts for my relatives back home in Hawaii. Free water and a VARIETY of samples makes me super happy (especially on a hot summer day). I really appreciate their attention to detail. When I purchased a sampler set ($25) they also provided an ice pack to keep the chocolate cool in the Vegas heat. So smart! They even replaced my ice pack when I stopped by later in the day!
4	Stop in while on the Vegas strip...you will not be sorry!Gourmet confectioner sipping chocolates from white to dark not to mention chocolate bacon EVERYTHING and daily free samplesChocolate bacon bar- EPICChocolate bacon caramels...awesomeChocolate bacon toffee...fantasticone suggestion...bring the price downDelicious, sweet yet savory obesity centered chocolates infused with bacon should be cheap enough to let the world decide how they wish to manage their own personal health.
5	I have purchased chocolate here on a few occasions and it's always top notch.  From the service, suggestions and packaging, you can't go wrong.  Other chocolatiers are a snooze compared to flavors like blood orange, curry and smokey.  This is the type of stuff I would want to eat at one of those restaurants that feeds you blindfolded.Ofcourse the bacon bars are probably what they're most known for.  Mo's milk chocolate bacon bar is pretty great and tastes surprisingly good with beer.  My only request would actually be more BACON in the bar!
5	Let's get chocolate wasted!Vosges can be bought online or can be had at it's birthplace in Chicago as well as its Chocolateries in New York City, Beverly Hills and Las Vegas. So when in Vegas, make your way to the Forum (it's close to the street entrance or if you're at the "Trevi fountain", find the Valentino store and keep going) and head over to Vosges for some delectable delight. Price is pretty steep, but get samples and you'll see why. Put your money on these instead of some chips and you'll feel like a winner! Chocolate w bacon?! That's exactly how I found this place! Googled it and it popped up. There's also chocolate with chillies, chocolate with flowers, pancake mixes, etc.Don't forget to try those chunky cookies and eat it whilst fresh coz it can get rock hard and stale :-PAnywho, I can keep going. You can go linger on the website or visit the Las Vegas store and check out what they have to offer. yummy!!!
4	Chocolate, chocolate, CHOCOLATE!!! I'm not a huge fan of chocolate, but I'm a huge fan of this place. I suffer from a mild case of OCD so I absolutely love how this store is organized and designed. It's set up more like a boutique than a chocolate shop, which I think is adorable. The staff is really helpful and they have no problem offering you samples of the great variety of truffles they offer at the counter. The prices are pretty steep for chocolate, but you'll understand why once you try it. They have such unique flavors that you can't find anywhere else! If you're ever shopping at the Forum, stop by this place (even if you're not expecting to buy anything) and see what they have to offer. You might be pleasantly surprised with what you end up walking out with.
5	A LOVELY BUNCH OF BONES comes with each choco box during hawlowene. if chocolate could talk it would saw buauahahaha spooooky.
4	Chocolate bacon?It's a 4 stars for that alone.  If you are a chocolate lover, this place is a must.If you are bacon lover, this place is a must.In short: MUST.
5	So yummy! I was truly impressed with the chocolate here. I had the Bianca chocolate drink and it was so much more than amazing. It helps that Anthony was quite passionate about the chocolate and making my drink just perfect for me. He is an asset there and I'm sure they know it. While my friends and I drank our delicious drinks, Anthony offered us truffles at no charge. When asked what flavor I told him to surprise me and he picked the perfect truffle. I had the one that was made with balsamic vinegar and the flavors went so well together it was wonderful. I wish there was a Vosges in San Francisco so I could enjoy these chocolates more often but it'll just have to be a special Vegas treat for now.
5	Oh Vosges, how do I love thee, let me count the ways...I was introduced to this chocolatier by a friend who posted a picture of the caramel marshmallows and I HAD to find out where this place was! My first trip I had the bacon carmel toffee, this was sweet meets slightly salty, not an overwhelming bacon flavor. It was just right. Second trip, had to try a couple of the different caramels, Blush Exotic Caramel (Red Hawaiian sea salt + milk chocolate + li hing powder) and the Tarte Exotic Caramels  (blood orange + Campari+ dark chocolate + hibiscus powder) . Both amazing. My last trip, I was lucky to get some of the new chocolates out, Red Fire Toffee which has burnt sugar toffee with Ceylon cinnamon, ancho chillies, smoky pecans....this is truly delicious, if you like chocolate and chillies like I do, you will love this. A new exotic bar they have is the Naga Bar which is a close second, sweet Indian curry, coconut and milk chocolate together. You can also sample drinking chocolates while you're there, I highly recommend the Bianca Cocoa, (lemon myrtle, lavender and vanilla) it was delicious. This is more than chocolate, this is serious art. The ingredients are organic and developed from around the world, yes the prices are steep, but this isn't a candy bar from the grocery store. Well worth the cost.  Oh how I wish I was best friends with the chocolatier!
4	Fave chocolate brand. Helpful staff. Beautiful displays. Gorgeous, giftable truffle collections. Recommend the Oaxaca, Black Pearl, Naga. Love Vosges founder Katrina Markoff - inspiring entrepreneur, fantastic visionary.
4	I really loved how nice and welcoming everyone here was, and the free samples were cool! I didn't like the over stuffy feel, it was not chocolate shop feel at all, it was jewelry store feel...
5	I have known about Vosges for several years now. A friend of mine who knows the in's and out's of food even more than I do told me about it. In Colorado Vosges has no stores but the way to get Vosges here is ordering it through the mail or go to high end grocer's like Whole Foods.Vosges is known for putting out chocolate with ingredients that most people at first glance would find it unlikely to off putting. For instance some people wrinkle their nose at hearing of the Chocolate Bacon Bar. You really should not knock it before you try it. Other unusual ingredients in their chocolate are curry, blood oranges and balsamic vinegar. Just to name a few!Since I get Vosges catalogs then OF COURSE I knew that The Forum shops in Caesar's Palace had a Vosges store. Much of the merchandise that was being sold here was what you can get in Vosges catalog. The perk here is that you can buy individual truffles without having to buy a box of them. The store seemed to offer different truffles than what I have seen before. Like a chocolate truffle made with balsamic vinegar, a vanilla truffle as well as several others.The chocolate was of course delicious! Paying a bit more money for these amazing chocolates is so worth it! During our stay in Vegas I stopped into Vosges everyday for my exotic chocolaty snacks. That made all the long walks in the casinos and along The Strip so worth it!
4	I was not very sober when I went here( Fat Tuesday is 3 floors up), so even though I tried a few of the chocolates I don't really remember what they tasted like. I tried the Woolloomooloo Bar, a spicy bar, and a few other pieces. I mainly came here to pick up some gifts for people. I purchased the Parisienne drinking chocolate, a truffle, the woolloomooloo bar, the smoked banana bar, bapchi caramel chocolate bar, the best part is the man working there gave me 4 truffles for free!!! He was very nice !!!! and had an adorable little pony tail on top of his head !!!! I tried a dark chocolate truffle & the sesame truffle that I received and they were delicious !!! So creamy and rich, no wonder why they were so small. hahaha They have a vintage looking iced water dispenser that was so thoughtful as well.  They ran out of drinking chocolate samples... so I will update when I try the drinking chocolate I purchased.Next time, I  will come here not faded so I can try all the rest of the other chocolates.
5	I have special dietary restrictions, and this chocolate shop (unlike Godiva *grumblegrumble*) makes dairy-free chocolate. All the flavors are amazing beyond words. I love all of the flavors that the dark chocolate comes in. the salespeople are amazingly helpful. If you are in the area, at least drop by and try it. You'll probably like it!
5	A+ for their local delivery service!I was in a bind after another vendor completely failed to deliver a birthday gift so I called Vosges in Vegas for a same-day delivery order, expecting to overpay for the short notice. They got back to me with a very reasonable delivery charge. Within two hours, my friend posted a photo of her birthday gift on Instagram.I'm very impressed Vosges. Thank you for going above and beyond!
2	I wondered what the fuss was about, and now I fuss about the wonder no more. I tried the Mo' Bacon Milk Chocolate Bar. It tasted like a milk chocolate bar with flecks of salt in it. If you hadn't told me there was bacon in it, I wouldn't have known. This chocolate did not top See's Candies. I love chocolate and enjoy greasy strips of bacon, but the chocolate bars here are skippable. I tried 3 samples too....meh.
5	This place is a great way to waste an hour while your wife is busy shopping in the mall. The Aztec hot chocolate is delicious as are the curry truffles.
5	we bought 2 chocolates and a gift- they gave us 4 free truffles! Service is excellent and it is the most fun high end chocolate shop ever!They also have a hot chocolate bar- we were very tempted, but resisted. Next visit I will be sitting at their bar!
5	So many delicious and unusual items to choose from.  I love their hot chocolates - especially the white chocolate with its touch of floral.I wish their location were a little easier to access for locals.  If you do self-parking as I did on my last visit, plan to walk a loooong ways.  Valet parking is the best, but you HAVE to select the third of three valet options if you are coming from Frank Sinatra.  Caesars needs better signage, but that isn't Vosges' fault.If you signup on their website, you can get some good deals on chocolate.
5	Stopped by Vosges after brunch at Bacchanal.  We were so stuffed it wasn't the ideal time to stop for chocolate but I am rarely at Caesars so had to go for it.  They have several samples out to taste and also gave us each a truffle to sample (Funk & Disco).  The girl working was so nice and chatted with us the whole time.  We ended up getting 4 truffles: Balsmico, Soul & Motown, Dulce de Leche and Black Pearl.  Funk & Disco and Soul & Motown where my favorite.  Funk and Disco has banana in it.  I don't like bananas at all and it was amazing.  I'm looking forward to going back to try some of their other items, especially their drinking chocolate I keep hearing about.
4	I wanted to surprise someone special who was visiting Vegas for a landmark event with her friends. Idea was to surprise her with a box of goodies when she arrived at her hotel and I was taken aback to find out the ridiculous steps I had to go through just to have a box of chocolates delivered to her room (could have gone the in room dinning route through the hotel but you never know what they will deliver unless its champagne) My starting point was to start calling the local shops that showed up on the yelp search. Some of them declined outright and some said it will be sent via FedEx overnight for a ridiculous sum! not being the one to give up easily I stumbled upon to this gem.I called in and the sales person asked the name of the hotel and said I would be called back within 5 min after she has had a chance to talk to the local delivery service they used. Like clock work I got a call back and I was offered a delivery for a very reasonable charge. I already knew what kind of chocolates I wanted as I had a chance to look at their website. Icing on the cake was I was assured the box of chocolate will be delivered within 2 hours with a note from me. This is how service is supposed to be folks in a city where it is hard to come by unless one spends big $$$. I will visit them for sure on my next visit to Vegas.
4	After trying Vosges chocolates in NYC years back, I was excited to see there was a dedicated store location in Las Vegas! We headed in and were greeted by the friendly staff, and browsed around. I love that there are many different unique flavor combinations, such as the lemon and pink peppercorn white chocolate bar (A sweet twist on the lemon-pepper herb combo!) and wasabi-ginger chocolate. Throughout the store, there are various samples you can try out before deciding on a chocolate. When we were here, there were samples for the wasabi-ginger, lemon-pepper, and chocolate peanut butter chocolate bars. The chocolate itself is smooth, rich, and indulgent.Prices are a little high, but it's a good item to splurge on! Each 3 oz. chocolate bar is $7.50, and they even have sugar-free combinations such as the chili-caramel (Red Fire).
4	I am a true fan of these chocolate bars. They have created some of the most amazing flavors. I first found out about this company when I was living in SF and a small chocolate shop was carrying them. I honestly could not get enough of them. My first bar I had and still my favorite bar is the Goji Bar and Sea Salt. It is truly the perfect balance of salty and sweet. The shop when you first walk in is quite overwhelming at all the different kinds of varieties that they have. Every time I go it always seems like they are just adding more and more new/ amazing favor combos. The newest one I saw was candied carrot and chocolate and believe it or not it was pretty darn good. I have to say an over all crowd favorite is probably the chocolate and bacon bar.  No matter what you are into I believe you can find something interesting here. There's everything from curry, to sesame, burbon and peanut better. They also have some very select chocolate that is vegan. So go in the next time you are in Caesars, you won't be disappointed.
5	I buy boxes of truffles here occasionally as gifts for others or once in a while for myself when I want to indulge. It is a bit on a pricey side for a box but it is so good so I get a box occasionally. Sometimes I order online and other times, I'll take a trip to the Caesar's forum shops. Service there is great and they also have hot chocolate drinks in the actual store you can order. Those taste pretty good. A nice blend of flavors, sometimes very interesting. I like the concept created by the owner as this is what she came up with after traveling the world. Fun and delicious.
3	Finally found this place. Loved the samples and the service was ok.....a little Snooty. We bought the Bacon Carmel Toffee and a couple Flying Pigs. Honestly, it was just ok and just a hint....tiny hint of the bacon flavor at the end. More of an Overpriced Vegas novelty Chocolate. They don't give samples of the Bacon Flavored items b/c it is their biggest seller. I think because people just want to try it. We prefer the Bald Man Chocolates upstairs.
5	I could buy this stuff from Neiman Marcus at home but since we were there, might as well go to the actual shop!One girl working there was super friendly and helped almost everyone in the store. My BF was going to buy a flying pig shaped milk chocolate bar with bacon, but the girl told him that he'd get a better deal if he bought a regular bar of the same flavor - very nice of her!We bought some goodies and they even throw in a little gel ice pack to keep the chocolate cool while in transit!
5	Their big chocolate is the dark with bacon and it is truly amazing.  It is natural and does not contain any nitrites.  They give you as many samples as you like!
4	I love how they have so many samples, of almost all their items, so you can try it to know what you're getting when you buy their chocolate. This location also has a 'bar' that serves hot chocolate I believe, or chocolate drinks at least. If you check in on yelp, you also get a free truffle, which I thoroughly enjoyed! (I got the balsamico truffle - yum!) they have an excellent toffee selection which is what drew me in. The Mexican inspired toffee is a must try!
3	I don't know... I guess it really should be 3.5 stars but I rounded it down to 3.I mean it was okay and all...chocolate is chocolate  and I am a CHOCOHOLIC, but to be honest, I'd rather have a sees chocolate than one of theirs. Just my opinion, but yeah... nothing really substantial.
4	Excellent fine chocolates in unusual flavors, but I had to remove a star for the poor customer service.  Bought: Blood Orange Chocolate Bar, Bacon Chocolate Bar, and Gingerbread Chocolate Bar. I will go back for the decadent chocolates but management needs to take the time to train their staff to receive paying customers in a better manner. Very disappointing experience for such great products.
5	Chocolate. Yum. Free samples of delicious chocolate? DOUBLE YUM. AND A FREE TRUFFLE FOR CHECKING IN ON YELP? Like oh my gosh, everyone put your hands up! and say yeaahh :) Opted for the Himalayan pink sea salt and goji berries milk chocolate bar. Omgosh my mom and I are officially addicted to that bar. Tried the funk and disco truffle - it tastes like banana pudding in milk chocolate. Yummy! * note to self: must get more of their bars from whole foods :)
4	It was my sons idea to go into Vosges "They have samples!!!"We tried several that sounded out there, like mushroom & walnut, guajillo and chipotle, all great but a bit too dark for my taste.What won me over and I couldn't leave without was the Bapchi's caramel toffee.OMG, that ish is good!!! Like really, really good, my husband got the red fire toffee, more his thing $20 each for half a pound.Worth every penny, would be 5 stars if the price were half that and I could buy a box a week.Service excellent, one of my favorite places for chocolate and great gifts to take home in Vegas.
4	Chocolate Bacon the best! And don't forget to check in at yelp so you can get your free truffle.
4	Where can you walk around and shove your face full of free chocolate? Not many places... oh wait... you just found the place! I went in to look around and was pleasantly surprised at the ability to sample all the chocolate. I've been dying to try a bacon chocolate combo but am not willing to drop the cash because I'm afraid I won't like it. Well, I loved it. I also tried the milk chocolate hot chocolate made with coconut milk. Major props for having milk alternatives. Why not 5 stars? The service was, meh. The girl standing behind the glass acted like we didn't exist. I don't believe in being pushy but it almost seemed like she was annoyed at my trying chocolates (even though it's help yourself). Finally a guy came out and I ordered my hot chocolate. He was ok, but also seemed hesitant to help. I'm really not hard sell, but didn't get anything because nobody really offered any help or information about the chocolate, the maker, anything. I walked out knowing just as little as I did walking in. =-(.
4	I almost feel guilty coming here. Free chocolate? Free sample of a truffle for checking in? OKAY!I ended up buying one bar for 7.50, which is no doubt expensive for chocolate, but I somehow felt like I got a great value as I sampled 3-4 chocolate bits and a truffle. On top of that, the chocolate was OOHHHH SOOO good... who would have thought coconut ash and banana would make dark chocolate even better!
5	Deliciously expensive chocolates that my hubby and I enjoyed during our Vegas shopping trip..I loved the extensive variety of truffles which were nothing I had seen anywhere else. The girl working was very friendly and had a fun sense of humor which in my opinion makes any experience more enjoyable:) She answered all of our questions thoroughly,  gave recommendations, and told us which chocolates were her favorites. When I mentioned we found them on yelp she gave us a free truffle for checking in-bonus! :DYou can never go wrong with chocolate and these definitely did not disappoint!
4	Visited here on 06/05/14.This shop is located in the Forum Shoppes in Caesar's.Samples of everything from the bars to the toffees to the caramels to the truffles.*Pinch Me Cause I Am In Chocolate Heaven*The sales staff knows their products, inside and out. They are friendly, encourage tastings, offer suggestions without being pushy, offer free shipping or cold packs (depending on your needs), offer extra gift bags so that you can present your gifts in true Vosges style.Beautiful packages for incredible chocolates.I walked away with peanut butter bonbons, 5 small boxes of caramels, 2 bacon chocolate pigs and a Mexican hot chocolate for $44.00. I was pleasantly surprised at the price and knew I had done well for the quality of my purchases.My Hot Mexican Chocolate was to die for as well.Definitely will seek their website out when I need to send chocolates and will make a point to visit them on my return trip to Vegas in the late fall.A must stop at shop if you appreciate good chocolate!
4	An awesome, somewhat-hidden gem in the Forum Shops.The staff at the shop is excellent. Friendly, funny, full of suggestions but never pushy. There were samples a-plenty of both bars and truffles, and we wound up taking some truffles home ourselves... don't miss the Funk & Disco (banana) and make sure to give the "iffier" flavors a try like Naga (curry).
5	I will never be satisfied by another chocolate of any kind ever again.  It's like having an expensive intercontinental perfect date with your celebrity crush.  Your normal life afterwards just won't do it for you anymore.Seriously this is the stuff of magic!  My girl goes nuts with the samples there.  I'm obligated to spend over 50 bucks every time we come here.  Anniversaries, birthdays, Mothers day, this is the only chocolate she will accept.  Even the other "fancy" chocolatiers won't do for her.  I've created a monster.The owner crafted these lux candies with regional ingredients from the spice markets of the world.  The combinations of flavors are intimately chosen and not too richly overtake the truffles or bars. They are voguely packaged in eloquent lilac boxes wrapped with a silky purple bow.  The ornate design adorning the box itself is an artful touch.  Even the bags that are given are some of the most embellished and decorated I've ever seen.  They spent so much detail in the entire package and the product is definitely being treated deservedly.  You couldn't give these as gifts any better if you tried to wrap it yourself.I suggest starting with a mini bar collection or small exotic truffle box to find which flavors are the ones for you.  Some like the Naga curry, some like the bacon bar, I like the chili dark bar.  *If you want a white chocolate champagne truffle with a gold leaf on top than ask for the Hip Hop Collection.  So fancy!*  There are floral truffles, caramel sea-salt truffles, ginger & wasabi truffles.  The list goes on and on and so can I.Exquisite uniquely selected and masterly crafted.  None like it in the world.
4	Everyone should indulge once in a while in a truffle or 2.  This is a great classy hole in the wall shop in the ceasar forum shops.  They got a small chocolate bar in the shop.  Check in here with Yelp to get your free truffle.  The truffles aren't cheap so take advantage of the yelp offer.  I ended up purchasing 4 truffles here.  Sooo good.
4	Very friendly, yummy samples and awesome chocolates! I think the girl could've been a little more knowledgeable, and made a few more suggestions, but I'll definitely be going back in the future.
5	If you love fine chocolate in the way a diamond-lover admires Tiffany's - then this is your dream come true. Though you can find these chocolates at Whole Foods, this sweet little shop offers an array of samples and beautiful, rare truffles. They also have a little cafe for drinking-chocolate. This was a treat! She even wrapped up my box of chocolates in ice packs to stay cool in the Vegas heat!
4	Delicious truffles! A bit pricey, but you pay for what you get.
4	I love this brand of chocolate, I buy it at whole foods. The flavors are not run of the mill choices. I was pleased there was a shop in town. I liked that there were samples of all the bars to get familiarized with the flavors.  I really liked the blood orange marshmallow caramel I bought from behind the counter, it had A very unique flavor, and the coconut caramel tart cherry bar I bought off the shelf.   I would have liked a few more choices from behind the counter like other chocolate shops, and a little more enthusiastic experience.
5	My all time favorite chocolatier! Let me start off by saying their chocolate is the smoothest and richest I've had. They have unique and exotic truffles that some might sound gross at first but it all makes sense when you take that first bite. Like the Naga, a combination of chocolate and curry but absolutely delicious and addicting! My all time favorite is the Soul and Motown. It's an amazing milk chocolate truffel topped with sea salt. Perfection! Their boxes make for a perfect gift!
4	Vosges Haut Chocolat is a Chicago-based luxury chocolate maker that offers exotic varieties flavored with spices, bacon, and other ingredients. It is owned by Katrina Markoff, who also created the Wild Ophelia brand.Secondhand information aside... Vosges has truly remarkable chocolate items. The salesperson let us sample as many items as we liked. Never pushy. A single truffle piece costs $3 so I had to choose seriously. lolA tourist who happened to be there was so generous that she shared her purchased chili dark bar with us, saying "I'm diabetic so I'm not supposed to have much" - probably she should not have any, but Vosges seemed so irresistible to her. Anyway... the chili dark bar was far from strange, as if chili was designed to work with chocolate. Bacon I can imagine, chili not so much. Puzzling experience.
