1	Some friends of mine decided to go to Applebee's, we get there and was immediately greeted and was shown to our table. We waited 10 minutes before a waitress even came over to get our beverages..we just decided to put our food order in at the same time.(now that she took forever to get to us..we don't know why she was slow it was 9:30 at night and not that many people in there eating) Meanwhile, we're just sitting there and realized the table itself was not cleaned..we all put our arms and elbows in some sticky stuff! gross! we had to ask the waitress to wipe the table, instead the towel was just given to us!! We were like WHAT! So we had to wipe the table!!! Then about 25 mins later she starts to bring our meal out, I had to ask her for our appetizer...keep in mind our dinner has already arrived and on the table! We had to wait another 5 mins to get our appetizer.. Mozzarella Sticks...that tasted like freezer burn water sticks! The prime rib was over cooked and the mashed potatoes were dry and their asparagus was so thin and greasy! ick! the other dish we order was new york steak with fried shrimp...the steak was tough and the shrimp..there was no shrimp! it was just a ball of overcooked batter, we also order chicken and veggies which the chicken was not cooked and still rare and the veggies were greasy! I order the Roaster Turkey & Bacon on a Chibatta Bread with fries...the fries had so much salt on them it was unbearable to eat and the sandwich..well you get the picture how this is all going! It took her another 15 minutes to check us out!  This was an awful experience...I don't recommend going there even if you are starving and it's the closest place to eat...go somewhere where they actually care about the quality of their customer service not to mention their food! Eating microwave food is better than eating there.This whole experience just reminded me of the movie "Waiting"....
3	It's an Applebee's? The service here is okay, they always have a little managerial/host spat over which of them is going to hold the door open, which annoys me because it's Applebee's. Serve the food a little faster and I can open my own door, thanks.So: you go here because you want to sit down and it's classier than a fast food joint but not that pricey. Also they serve liquor if that's a priority for your lunching - it usually isn't with me, but I like that the option is open. I think the pick-and-pair lunch menu is a bit of a rip-off because they charge extra for pasta and sandwiches, and really 5.99 for soup/salad is nothing fucking special, you know? You should get the 2 for 20 deal instead: it comes with an appetizer. They do a lot of advertising which has convinced Middle America that they are very affordable but to be honest there are a lot of sit-down luncheon type chains that are in this area that are comparatively priced.Still if you're jonsing hard for Applebee's, like my mom, this one is a pretty decent Applebee's. It makes her happy when I take her here, even if I don't like it that much. And that's kind of what matters.
1	i went here once and the service was pretty bad, but i thought why not give it another shot... its applebees so i know the food...its a chain. cant all be bad , i thought maybe it was a bad day. NOPE!! The second time i went they left a trainee that had no clue what she was doing and we waited about 20 minutes just for service. we decided to get margaritas and just went to the bar oursleves since this girl was no where to be seen. there was a fly in our drink... ew and our silverware had crusty stuff on it.. double ew. finally she brought our chips and spinach dip. it was so cold and hard from sitting so long , i had it... i asked for a manager and they said they could get our food to go.. i said no cause i had to go to work and if our dip was that gross i could only imagine the rest of it... the manager gave us a voucher only good for that one applebees, so we took it and left. i gave it to my neighbor that im not too fond of...lol. ill go to a different applebees if i do ever go back
4	Affordable, good deserts!
4	We always go in after 9pm so we usually get happy hr! I was on a mission to get hammered because it was a long day with my old man and he was hella being a nag... Our waiter comes up and asks if we want a "perfect margarita" and said it was basically just teq and the sour mix so I was like "oh hells yea" after the first drink I was like feelin it. That or I had gas, anyway it was yummy!We also always get the 2 for 20 deal, so I get a 9oz steak medium well with double mashed and loaded like a mofo... the steak was so-so, I usually get medium but felt adventurous.... I shall step back from the ledge now because the m/w was nothing special. I can only handle 1 order of the loaded mashed, so I took the other home. We also had boneless wings and artichoke dip for an appetizer... I was trying not to eat because I wanted to get drunk, as I stated earlier. Not a good idea to try and do so when youre starving. The food was ok, I could've cooked something tastier but our little old waiter man was super cute. I was trying to hit on him, but my bf cack blocked me.My bf is one of those weirdos who can eat whatever and not gain weight so of course his fat ace was still hungry and wanted desert. I sat there like a beluga whale giving him dirty looks because I wanted to leave, I hadnt wore my stretchy pants, so the button was ripping into my skin. He ordered some giant cookie with diabetes atop. I looked at it and almost vomited... no bueno! It tasted nasty, I told him to get the blondie next time because thats def the business!By this time I'm trying to suck down whatevers left of my pom perfect margarita so we can bounce and perhaps have fun... but that bastard didnt kick in because I stuffed my belly stupid. Anyway, the food was ok, the drinks we yummy, and my lover aka old man waiter was awesome! We go there like once a week, so no complaints here!
3	A couple years ago, my mom was a given a gift card to @applebees. We never got to use it however because there really is no nearby Applebee's where we live in California. Applebees seems to be abundant in Vegas however and so it seemed like the perfect thing to do to bring the gift card on a recent Vegas trip. I ate lunch at this Applebee's location with my mom and we got the 2 for $20 deal. This actually turned out to be quite a good deal because it's plenty of food. You get your pick of an appetizer to share an two full sized entrees. We got the spinach and artichoke dip for our appetizer and for our entrees we got the Oriental Chicken Salad and the Three Cheese Chicken Penne. The appetizer came out first and was actually best eaten right away. The tortilla chips were fresh, hot and crispy and matched perfectly with the piping hot spinach and artichoke dip. I was happy to see some big chunks of artichoke in there. It was good but after awhile, I could taste that the dip was a bit on the salty side and this could probably be attributed to the cheese. My mom and I split our entrees. The Oriental Chicken Salad turned out to be a lot of food. It was very good. The dressing was nice and sweet. Fresh Asian greens tossed in a their Oriental vinaigrette and topped with crispy noodles, almonds and chicken, it was a great salad. You can choose to get crispy chicken or grilled and we chose grilled. The three cheese chicken penne turned out to be my least favorite of all the entrees. It was all pasta and barely any chicken. The chicken was just on top and there really wasn't a lot of cheese. It's supposed to have mozzarella, provolone and Parmesan, along with bruschetta, fresh basil and Alfredo sauce. I don't think the ratio of the toppings and the chicken with the pasta was too well done. The whole pasta seemed dry. Anyways it was an OK experience here! I'm glad we finally got to use the gift card and it was plenty of food. It lasted us for both lunch and dinner!
5	Great happy hour 5 dollar and under happy hour food menu from 3-6 & 9- midnight. good drinks as well
5	Bundled up against a cold night (yup, we have 'em here in Vegas too!), my family and I headed out for a night out in between holidays this past week. After driving past this Applebee's numerous times in the Boca Park shopping center, we decided to give it a try. A hostess (Sandy? - she may have been a server as well) held the door open as we walked in and welcomed us. She promptly brought us to a great booth and informed us that Scott would be our waiter, provided us menus and  asked us to please enjoy our evening.The restaurant, tables and floors were all clean and holiday music was playing just loud enough that if you wanted to listen, you could, but wasn't so overpowering you weren't able to have a conversation. Scott came over and greeted us. He was friendly and engaging, and we were very pleased with him and our conversation throughout the evening. I highly recommend visiting and requesting this knowledgeable and engaging server.The food came out in sequential order, fresh, hot and delicious. Our son's meal - which we ordered with the appetizer - actually beat the appetizer out. As any parent will tell you, that was a welcome surprise as know that our little one was occupied with his favorite things, the parent were able to have adult conversations and enjoy our drinks and appetizer.  As parents of a toddler, we were in no rush to return home on one of our few nights out. We leisurely ate our appetizer and though he had  our dinner orders, Scott held entering them into the kitchen until we were ready. I ordered a steak-shrimp combo from the 550-calorie menu and my husband ordered a bacon cheeseburger. We ordered both items medium and the meats were cooked perfectly. Our son's burger was also done properly and served in a basket that was not hot to the touch (unlike some restaurants that forget that they're delivering plates to tiny tender hands).Scott kept the table clean and neat throughout our dining experience and was always right on hand when we needed something like a refill or extra napkins. Not once did we have to look around to find him or deal with an empty glass or dirty plate. He was attentive and thoughtful in all his actions. As veterans of the restaurant biz, my husband and I were impressed and appreciative.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Applebee's and plan on making this a monthly outing for the family (at minimum). We can't wait to return and look forward to another quality dining experience with a great team of FOH and BOH there.Thanks, Applebee's, for making family night out delicious and delightful.  Every member of our family came home happy and full.  Special thanks to Scott as well. Can't wait to see you next time!~The Swisher Family.
3	I worked at several Applebee's throughout college so I got a little burnt out on them. However, my parents love to eat there. I like to believe it reminds them of me. Yet I know the real reason is the Weight Watchers menu. I ordered the garlic steak, medium. It came with side of baked new potatoes and large mushroom cap stuffed with spinach and little bit of Parmesan cheese. Everything was bland except for the steak. The steak was tender and flavorful. Not bad for $12.49. It's barely above fast food, but I'll probably return for their Weight Watchers menu.
4	This is a nice Applebees, service was on the spot, our food was perfect.  The servers took good care of us.  We will be back!!
4	I've always liked Applebee's and this location is pretty much the same as the rest. What impressed me most about this particular one was that after a LARGE group of teenage girls (I'm talkin' 15-20 girls) was seated right next to us, the manager came over to our table and offered to seat us elsewhere if we preferred. We graciously declined since we were halfway through our meal, but it was a kind gesture!Also, this was the first time trying their Crispy Orange Chicken and I was pleasantly surprised!
1	We went to this location on a slow Saturday night around 9:30. The service was slow and we were constantly flagging down anyone In a uniform to get plates, napkins, etc. I was horrified when we sat for 15 minutes with empty glasses and finally the hostess passed by our table. I asked patiently for a couple refills and she rolled her eyes and said rudely, "I don't even know what you're drinking." I was pretty shocked and was done at that point. We quickly finished our meal and had to go walk around the restaurant to find the bartender/server to get out of there. This was our 5th time to the restaurant and had consistently below average service but this was awful. I understand a hostess's job is not to refill drinks but anyone in a uniform should know they are there for the customer. We spoke to the manager and he said they would take care of us "next time." Thank you, but there will be no "next time" for us or anyone we know.
1	This restaurant's staff is undertrained and there are mistakes on one out of every two orders. If you order to go, and there's any mistakes, management will not credit you. You must drive back to get it corrected. Not cool. Also, for curbside, the order hardly ever ontime and there is no urgency to take care of you. Then the food is cold. I'm done.
4	Great location and service. Gotta try the Sweet n' Spicy Ribs, bomb! The best Nachos in town are here as well. Try the Chili Cheese Nachos asap!!!
3	At least theyre customer service is better than the other location the new food items not the best! pretzels were good but everything else just so-so at best
2	Mom and I were just passing through and stopped for lunch. The service was terrible. The manager tried to make foolish jokes and conversation with us but caught neither of us finding him amusing. He sat us in the bar area and than disappeared for the rest of the time we were there, even when we were asking for a manager he did not come around. The bartender who never gave her name but spent a lot of time at staring at the bar dreaming- clearly seemed to have better things on her mind. We sat for about 5 minutes before drinks were offered and another 10 before our appetizers were taken. We probably waited 35+ minutes for our salad and dip to come out. She messed up the girls behind us order at least twice and talked them like she knew more about how they wanted their food cooked than she did. They sent there steak back twice to be recooked. We kept trying to get our bill to pay and leave an couldn't get her attention. And again no manager available to help. When we were leaving we asked if she was newer to this place where the hostess made sure to point out that the bartender was one of the better and long term server/bartenders. She needs a lot of training...especially with customer service! We will not be returning to this location.
4	My wife and go here often. They are always friendly and they have never had an issue with me being in uniform. The food is prepared well and always tastes good. The manager always says hello and the servers seem generally happy to be at work.
4	I am surprised to be a fan of Applebee's. My first impressions of Applebee's from many years ago were not good ones. I felt that the portions were small and the food too high priced. Fortunately, with recent visits to 3 different Applebee's locations in Las Vegas, my impressions have changed.My wife and I have found Applebee's to be surprisingly affordable and delicious. The 2 for $20 specials are a real value! Also, we really enjoyed splitting a bourbon black and blue burger w/ bacon along with an order of chips and artichoke dip. We both have moderate appetites and were filled up after this meal. All three locations were very similar with good food and service and we would return to either of them.3501 S. Rainbow8730 W. Charleston4605 W. Charleston...They also have some small but visible televisions for those of us interested in catching a few minutes of a game while we eat.
1	Not the worst, but definitely could have been better.  I don't like having an empty glass while I'm at a restaurant, you would figure on a slow Monday night service would be a bit better.  We walked in and no greeter was there, no line of people either.  When asking for sauce it shouldn't arrive after your food has gotten cold.  Dirty silverware is always a turn off.  Not that we were planning on getting dessert it wasn't even offered before our waiter brought the check.  Actually it was never offered.  Most likely our last visit here, now I remember why we quit coming here, usually get bad service at Applebees.
4	Try the Roma Pepper Steak medium rare.  It comes with a portobello mushroom covered with grated Parmesan cheese and a side of steamed potatoes.  A good weight watchers meal.  Only 13 points.  The meal was very tasty and satisfying.  Service was good.  Friendly staff and quick service.
5	Went there a couple days ago with my mom for a late lunch. I ordered a shrimp and spinach salad and it was super awesome. I think it had a Bacon dressing, I don't know but it was amazing!  The staff was crazy friendly and accommodating. I ordered diet and gave me regular and switched it without any hesitation. I plan to go there again and order the shrimp salad again.....again. good customer service. Gottta love that.
1	Horrible service empty drinks, appetizers and food took forever no one came to ask how we were doing,  it was a slow Sat at 4pm and waiter didn't acknowledge us at all had to ask another server to refill are drinks I probably will not return to this location
2	Went on a thursday night with my boyfriend, it wasn't busy but took 10min. to be seated then ordered and it took a while for the waitress to return with just our drinks. Our food came nice and hot but then our waitress didn't return to ask if we needed something, service was bad and the food was just okay.We won't be returning to this location.
1	I was at this Applebee's with my fiance and 2 daughter's.  We waited patiently for a waitress or even someone to acknowledge that we were there. No one came... As we were leaving the hostess at the door was told and her only comment was "Oh I'm sorry." But did nothing else. So we came to Chili's were we were seated immediately and our waitress Toni took our order and brought our drinks. I work at a casino and also handicap,  customer service to me is so important. Chili's is by far the better restaurant and just down the street from this messed up restaurant.  I would've gave them NO STARS at all. The sad thing is the manager was right across from us when I complained and she did nothing!
3	This place is your average sit-down Applebee's restaurant. Nothing wrong with it at all, but nothing special either. Prices are decent and food is decent too, which is why it gets 3/5 stars.I got the Classic Burger which to my disappointment was rather plain and very average tasting. Even after I spruced it up with lettuce, onions, tomato, ketchup and mustard it was still very bland, I think in part it was because the meat was burned. They do have this new lemonade which is really good. It is a strawberry lemonade with real strawberry slices in it. I will say that there Boneless Wings are 5/5. GREAT!!! We got an appetizer of mild boneless wings with buffalo sauce and ranch. Delicious wings. Everything else that I tried is average.
5	BEST BONELESS WINGS, hands down! I will be back, over and over and over JUST FOR THOSE BONELESS WINGS! They are perfectly sized, & actually have plenty of meat unlike Buffalo Wild Wings. Service was good, no complains.
4	We stopped here with a friend to get couple of drinks. They have happy hours when beer and cocktails are 4$.We sat by bar and it was fun! Baristas are really nice and cool girls. We shared some stories and made fun of each other. Good luck girls!
1	Came in to this location to give it another try from my bad experience a year ago. Apparently the haven't changed much.  Waited 30 minutes for 2 lunch entrees.  Mediocre food. Not impressed. A manager had to stop by 3 tables around us with for problems. But will not be returning.
5	I always have an awesome experience and meal every time I eat at Applebee's! The food, service, and cleanliness are excellent.
1	Applebees has never really impressed me, but I love their grilled cheese. I was really craving one so I got curbside to go and they gave me the butt of the bread. WTF? I just paid $10 for a sandwich and its half the size because it's the butt as well as being the butt - which was stiff and thick. Gross, I'll be checking my food from now on before I pay. I understand saving money but nobody would want the butt of the bread, consider your guests. They always have extremely slow service inside too. :(
3	I would be later coming home from a play Saturday afternoon and I decided to give Applebee's a call and do a Carside to Go.  I called and ordered a 2 for $20.  I ordered the mozzarella sticks for the appetizer and I got the Fiesta Lime chicken for my wife and I got the three cheese chicken penne for myself.  They told me it would be twenty minutes.  As it turned out, traffic moved well along Charleston heading west and I was at Applebee's in about 10 minutes.  Rather than wait in the car, I went in to let them know I was there and to pay.The young man working the carside said it would be ready soon and then went to pull the order in the computer.  He couldn't find it and needed to get his manager.  As this was happening, Josh got the order ready but the manager still couldn't retrieve it.  Rather than have me wait, she told me she'd find it later and I should just take the meals home and she wished me a Merry Christmas.  I was taken back by her kindness.I brought the food home and we both enjoyed our dinners very much.  The chicken is a dish my wife has gotten almost every time we've gone to an Applebee's and it was a treat to have it again.  The penne was very good.  It had some red pepper that gave it a nice kick.  The next day, I was still upset by getting free meals so I went back to pay.  The same manager came to talk to me and assure me it was OK the way things were.  I made up for it by giving Josh a good tip to share with the servers and kitchen staff.  Merry Christmas to them.
