3	$7.04 - that's all we spent here. Two regular coffees and a giant cookie ($3 cookie - whoa). It was an early December Sunday - rainy, cloudy and cool. We had wandered the Phx Art Museum and now wanted to relax with a cup of hot java. Upon entry, we weren't sure if they were even open. They were for drinks only, considering the museum was to close in the next 45 minutes. We meandered toward the bar and waited for someone to spot us. Soon, we had two steaming hot cups of coffee. Getting fresh cream required a request. Fair enough, I guess. We sat outside, somehow managed to find the most dry seats we could. The table still collected rain drops from a previous fall. It was a beautiful garden, especially considering the overcast skies. A family of three wandered by, the little daughter stopping to examine the lights along her pathway. She was a mini explorer, and she was adorable. Arcadia Farms Cafe, inside the Phx Art Museum (in case you didn't pick up on that), says it's "the cafe of choice." I'm sure that's true, if you're at the museum, for it's the only cafe of choice. It's not a horrible option, either, if you want to pop in for a cup of coffee, a cookie treat and meandering conversation.
5	Did you know that Tuesday nights are free at the Museum?  And there are always TONS of things going on on Tuesday nights?   And that the Museum Cafe is open late on Tuesdays?    This is one of my FAVORITE places to dine on Tuesday evenings, and, shockingly, it's almost always EMPTY.    C'mon people you gotta check out this scene!  It's fabulous especially in the summer when it's so hot out -- that 72degrees they must keep it inside (for the paintings) feels pretty darn good!
3	Yesterday I had a lovely business lunch at Arcadia Farms Cafe at the Phoenix Art Museum. The environment suited our needs perfectly - we had a lovely table, large enough for paperwork and such, and our waitress was able to fill our glasses with mysterious ease. I ordered the Spinach, Mushroom and Goat Cheese Tart and the Mango Iced-Tea. I really liked the iced-tea - It was just naturally sweet enough to drink without sugar. The Tart was served with a salad of greens with tomatoes and cucumbers. The salad dressing was sweet and light. The Tart itself was extremely flavorful and full of yummy goodness, but I SO wanted to run back to the kitchen and pop it into the microwave for 30 seconds. I didn't think it was supposed to be served cold, especially since there was melted cheese on top. I am guessing the tart is pre-made and refrigerated until ordered, and then they melt cheese on top. There's something about melted cheese on top of something cold that just doesn't appeal to me. I would actually love to go back, order the Tart again, and ask for it to be heated through ... I wonder if they would do that?
3	Everyone has a favorite lunch spot or two that they frequent regularly... well, maybe not everyone, but I do!  Arcadia Farms - Scottsdale happens to be one of mine.  Since I'd never been to the Arcadia Farms location at the Phoenix Art Museum, I thought I'd change it up a bit and suggested this location for a business lunch the other day...I arrived early and the place was pretty empty, so it was no problem to get a table and do some work while I waited.  The waitress was friendly (not super friendly but just fine) and brought me a mango iced tea- my favorite - just like the Arcadia Farms Scottsdale!  I perused the menu and noticed some similarities on the menu, but a few different options too.  My usual favorite salad (grilled vegetable with chicken) was not on the menu but there were a few items that were different and sounded good.  I was up in the air between the california roll salad and the greek... I opted for the greek and added shrimp.  Side note - usually, at the other location, they bring fresh bread... we did not receive bread nor were we offered bread at this location.  Anyways, our food arrived pretty quickly - and my salad was good... not great, but good.  It was served with a small portion of hummus and a couple pita triangles, but I wasn't too impressed with the flavor of the hummus.  The salad had a few too many onions in it (but i guess that's my fault; I could've ordered it without onions).All in all, I had a lovely lunch as I was in great company and my food was fine.  I would go back but maybe order something different next visit.  And if I had the choice, I'd go to one of the other locations (maybe City Bakery or the Heard Museum) over this one.  But I will say, that if you're at the Phoenix Art Museum and in the mood for a light lunch or snack, this place is perfect.
3	I visited the museum last month with some out of town guests and we stopped in to Arcadia Farms Cafe. It was pretty convenient since we got hungry mid trip, but I probably wouldn't eat here again unless I was presented with a similar situation. They pre-make all of the food, so you cannot really pick and choose what you want. When I am paying $12 for a quesedilla, I like to be able to say NO MUSHROOMS. But I digress. They did have a really, really tasty apricot iced tea. Normally I stick to plain iced tea, but I was feeling adventurous this day and I am glad I tried it. There is also a really tasty hummus. I think it has cilantro in it because it has a little zing. The server was pretty unfriendly, but she gave good service so I won't complain. Overall the food was good, but not worth the expensive prices and inability to be special.
4	So, for work, our event today was at the Phoenix Art Museum and we all met for lunch before heading to No Festival Required.Our table was ready - set for a group of 20.  Luckily, we only had a dozen people.  The table wouldn't have been able to comfortably equip 20, but was great for 12.  Just not enough space for the larger reservation we had made.I had read the reviews first to see what kind of menu they had.I opted for the brie and fruit appetizer, along with apricot iced tea.  I'm not HUGE on apricots, but I ended up having my glass refilled twice.  It wasn't too sweet and came with a slice of lemon.  I could have drank a gallon, if not for the fact that I'd be sitting in the theater to see the short films!   What a surprise to have it come - an ENTIRE wheel of brie with some baguette toasts, 2 strawberries and 5 grapes.  Yes, that's all that came with an ENTIRE wheel of brie.  I did ask for extra toasts and got that with no extra charge.  The entree cost $11.  I think that's pretty comparable to going to the market to buy an ENTIRE wheel of brie, fruit, etc.  More fruit would have been nice, though.  I now have a HALF of a wheel of brie in the fridge for later.  :}Service was super-friendly.  Justin, our server, was great!  I'd love to come here again with my Mom on a Sunday and check out the rest of the museum.
5	I got married at the PAM cafe this weekend (ceremony on the patio, reception inside the cafe) and it was great. There were some communication issues in the planning stages but the event itself went off without a hitch. The dinner was delicious, the cupcakes rocked, the staff was great! YAY Arcadia Farms! If you're thinking of having your wedding here and want to know more details about the event, feel free to message me. My brain is too fried at the moment to include it all in the review.
3	Really good food.  I had the Strawberry Chicken Salad.  It looked so fresh and delicious! I should have taken a picture.  The poppy dressing was light and there wasn't too much of it either. I tried their apricot iced tea.  It was okay, nothing special in my opinion. The menu was really great and I was impressed with the wine selection. I am really excited to come back and try all the other tasty food! Why did I dock them a star? A couple of reasons:1. NO art on the walls!  We are in the frickin Phoenix Art Museum people.  This should be a place to constantly exhibit art.  I've been in the store rooms, there is a ton of art that could be shown here.  Even better, allow local artists to display.2. It took 20 minutes to get our orders taken, 30 minutes to recieve our food and another 15 to get the bill.  Although our server was polite, the entire experience took much too long.  This is a place for a leisurely meal. keep that in mind.
3	It is a perfectly lovely spot for a break from art musing. The food is tasty but clearly pre-made and that is a little off setting. Overall it is a unique combination of high style cafeteria with a wine bar. You don't think leek and spinach tart prepared by a cafeteria. On the other hand,  you do recognize your tart was run thru a broiler as a pre-made frozen variety before it arrives at your table. I would go so far as to say because it is Arcadia Farms you expect super fresh food and instead you get super fresh pre-prepared food. This is the 3 star quagmire...did I like it, yes, would I go again, only if  I was really hungry and didn't know that there were a ton of eclectic restaurants whipping up great food blocks from here...but if I was really jonesing for a drink while art browsing - nothing would stop me from plunking down for a glass!
4	A friend & I had a lovely lunch here. We split the Brie w/ Carmelized Apples & an Asian Chicken Salad.  Everything was very fresh and flavorful.  Service was superb.The only thing I would complain about is the price $29 for a salad and starter..... come on!   We only drank water....then there's the noise, sit outside if you can.
5	So now, Phoenix Art Museum has FREE admission every WEDNESDAY night... and the Cafe is open every WEDNESDAY night... since my last review, I've noticed a few more people joining us each time so it's catching on as a place to grab some food before that 7pm event at the Museum!   See ya there!
4	Have dined here on a couple of occasions now and enjoyed every time. Although they were almost completely out of wine ..... I guess they can be forgiven as it was the Walkabout event today... I was still able to get some Pinot Grigio and my Husband was able to get one of the last three desserts! Lucky man : )Can recommend the Tuna Sandwich with pecans and diced jicama...this was very nice with a side of the white bean salad. The highlight of this meal was definitely the roasted chicken, leek and mushroom crepes in a creamy basil sauce! Wow!The staff here are always great.....fast, friendly service. The tables by the windows are nice and you are also able to eat at the bar which is cool too.
4	Usually get the strawberry chicken salad. Fresh food, good atmosphere. Nice place to take a mom or grandma.
5	Great baked goat cheese & humour appetizers. Sangria for two was actually enough for three.
4	Yummy! Crab cake salad and creme brule on the outside patio on a beautiful day makes this a fabulous place to feel nurished creatively and physically! Only complaint is that its a little pricey...
3	After hearing good things about the Scottsdale location, I was looking forward to lunch at Arcadia Farms when visiting the museum for the Ansel Adams showing.  Unfortunately, it was a little disappointing.Service was painfully slow.  I'm not sure if that was the kitchen or the server, but in either case, I was not impressed.We started with the baked goat cheese.  For some reason, I envisioned the caramelized onions and roasted tomatoes atop the cheese, but everything was combined.  While it was quite good, only the bottom portion was hot.  The rest of it was only lukewarm.  I wondered if perhaps the dish is prepared ahead and refrigerated, resulting in the uneven temperature.We also shared the smoked turkey and warm brie sandwich with white bean salad.  They generously served each of us a full side of the salad with our half sandwich, which was more than enough.  Although the sandwich had just been grilled, the inside was still somewhat cold.  I also would have preferred just a little more apple, but overall, it was A-OK.The white bean salad with red peppers and possibly cucumber if I remember correctly was sorely lacking in flavor.  Salt helped, but not enough to save the dish.  If it was dressed with anything other than oil, I missed it.  Arcadia is just fine if you're already at the museum and looking for a bite.  Otherwise, I don't know that I would return.
3	My mom and I finally made it to the Ansel Adam's exhibit at the Phoenix Art Museum -- on its final day, no less -- and after perusing his beautiful photography, we were ready to get a bite to eat. I'd heard about the Arcadia Farms Cafe in the museum, and thought this was the perfect opportunity to give it a try.It was a quaint cafe -- not too big, not too small, and if it was a lovely fall or spring day, I could see myself really enjoying the outdoor patio.  Nevertheless, the floor to ceiling windows offered a lovely view of the unusual and quirky sculptures spotting the museum grounds. My mom and I were seated promptly, but it seemed to take a bit longer than usual before our waitress finally arrived to take our drink order.  After that it was a bit more of a wait before we received our simple water order and placed our meal order.  And then, again, we waited what seemed a bit too long for our simple sandwiches to arrive. It wasn't that big of a deal, since it gave me time to chat with my mom about the photography we just viewed.I had the tomato, basil and mozzarella sandwich and my mom (if I remember correctly) had their signature strawberry and chicken salad. I do remember distinctly my mom telling me she LOVED the vinaigrette, and my sandwich was quite delicious, although I have to say I could have done with a little less mozzarella -- it kind of overpowered the sandwich and left me feeling over-cheesed.Despite it being a bit pricey for a lunch spot ($14 for a salad?!) and the slightly long wait, I had a nice experience at Arcadia Farms, and I would love to try some of their other dishes on my next visit. Plus, I would love to take advantage of their Sunday brunch and a mimosa or two with some girlfriend.
4	We recently enjoyed a delicious lunch at Arcadia Farms cafe at the Phoenix Art Museum.  The leek/mushroom/goat cheese tart I had was delicious.  Similar to a quiche, but so much better, good-sized, and having a flaky crust, the tart was served with a nice salad of greens and tomatoes.  Coffee was excellent and the service too!  The dining experience had one down side and that was the noise level - it was so loud that it was difficult to converse.  Just sitting through the din was an ordeal.  The Cezanne show had just opened so the dining room was very full.  The quality of the food made it a worthwhile visit though!
3	This place is just OK.Our waitress was a nice young lady and attended us well.The feel of the restaurant is very much like any museum eatery. The food was simply uninspired, not bad, but not good. So it is just OK...
4	A friend and I had a wonderful afternoon at the Phoenix Art Museum last weekend, and the Arcadia Farms Cafe was certainly one of the highlights.  We were pleasantly surprised to see a full service restaurant inside the museum, as we were expecting nothing more than a food counter.  The restaurant is beautiful, and overlooks the museums courtyard.  It helps that it was a beautiful day, but the scenery in the courtyard made the experience more enjoyable.  Our server was helpful and attentive, and the food was delicious.  I had a chicken sandwich with a cup of soup. The sandwich was excellent; flavorful and not dried out.  The soup was good as well (maybe I'm nit-picking, but it needed a touch of salt).  The only thing I would knock this place for is the menu.  It's good, but not much variety. Obviously not a big deal, though, as I was able to find something I liked on the menu and enjoyed it very much.  The restaurant's other location is near where I live, in Old Town Scottsdale, so I will definitely be giving that a try.
4	Had an incredibly tasty salad here the other day.  It was a daily special -- coconut shrimp, mango, raspberries, etc.  Fab food, super setting.  Very nice lunch for the ladies!  Also, beautifully refreshing iced tea.  I'll be back!
4	This was a very nice place to take your mother.  We both had a good lunch.  The service and iced tea were very good.  I felt like the food was high quality, but maby should have been priced 1 or 2 dollars less.  The patio was beautiful and very peaceful to visit with your lunch partner aka Mom.
3	I came to the Phoenix Art Museum with my grandparents to see the GORGEOUS collection of clothes and accessories of Ann Bonfoey Taylor. (My new role model. Seriously, look her up. How fabulous and fancy. I need 54 little pill box hast please, stat.) Before perusing the rest of the museum, we stopped in the Cafe for lunch. (10% off for members! Make sure to remind your server.)The dining room was very nice and open...tons of sunny light coming in from the walls of windows, which was delightful. Had the temp been cooler than almost 100 degrees, I'd have loved to sit out on their patio. Like other reviews have noted, it took a bit too long for everything to get rolling: To get sat, to have a server come over, to get water, to get our order taken, for the food to come, etc. Nothing *terrible* but...come on peeps. Pep in your step!It's a pretty nice menu for vegetarians; each section (apps, salads, sandwiches, entrees) has a few meatless meals. I opted for the Greek salad because 1) I wuv Greek salads and 2) I saw it came with it's own portion of hummus and pita. Heyo!Hey-NO. The hummus was more of a...chickpea mash and that's IT.  I was so confused, since there were obvious amounts of SOME kind of green herb (Parsley? Cilantro? WHAT?) but it didn't taste like ANYTHING. No Tahini, no zip of lemon juice, no cumin...NOTHING. I'm just going to have to make my own hummus this week, since I make the best in the universe.The salad, however, was a delight. It's a big portion (as it should be, for $12) and comes with fresh greens, sliced cherry tomatoes, kalamatas, tons of red onion (lucky for me, I love red onion), whole chickpeas and feta. There wasn't too much dressing overpowering the thing, which is such a salad deal-breaker. It almost made me forget my hummus heartbreak. Almost!Like I said, service was fine and friendly, just weirdly slow. Thurs-Sun there some deal where if you buy a bottle of wine, you get a cheese board for free. Boom! I need to find some friends in AZ and take part in that deal!
4	Arcadia Farms at the Phoenix Art Museum is one of the best kept secrets down town.  Fresh, tasty and beautiful food in a classy quiet but energetic atmosphere.  Wonderful wine list, and yummy desserts! The parking is easy and free and if you are a museum member, bring your card for a 10% discount off of your bill. This is a terrific spot to go if you need a place to meet for a business lunch.  The museum is wonderful too.
1	Staff was rude, really unaccommodating to a group of elderly visitors, while I was a caregiver. And they don't split checks, which they told us beforehand when we made the reservation that they did. Food was over priced, and the girl with the nasty ace bandage around her wrist serving food made me want to barf. Will not be returning, ever! This review is overdue, and it was last year that I went, but didn't know the name of the place we ate after the museum.
1	I went to this place based on reviews and either I have really good taste buds or the other reviews were written by people who haven't experienced great food before.  This was AWEFUL. My sandwich was slim on the turkey, brown edges on my limp lettuce and the bread must have been 2 or 3 days old, it kept falling apart.  Now i appreciate everyone's take on potato salad theirs was horrible.  Cut potato, undercooked with I believe to be a mayo with seasoning?  When service is better than food.  That's bad.  Speaking of service, sitting at my table waiting for a server to take my drink order, i was able to read the entire menu but when i have to ask for a refill on my tea from the hostess, that's bad.  I have a pending charge from this restaurant for 8.50 more than my receipt since i tip in cash.  They better hope that the total matches my receipt or heads will roll. Will not visit again
