4	Testosterone central.  This is a great man destination.   The suite is really large including a giant humidor, private club and unique gifts.  I am not a cigar smoker, but I think there must be a fabulous selection as large as the area is!  The owner, Jeff, showed me the private club.   (One of the last places you could legally  smoke in public.)  The private part has 3 - 42" TV's, wine cooler, wet bar and ice machine.    The Barware is very different ; olive cocktail stirrers, collectible beer glasses, corkscrews etc.  The smoking accessories are interesting.   I saw lighters, tampers, humidors etc.
5	This is the only location I go to for all my tobacco desires. Being a younger cigar smoker, I was really intimidated by the first couple visits but the employees, even the owner Jeff himself, showed complete care in making me feel comfortable. All of the employees are very knowledgeable in cigars. Everything else aside, the customer service is great. You're welcome to smoke in their lounge and if I recall correctly, they will let you have a free bowl if you bring a pipe. Their humidor is amazingly large and will most likely have the brand you're looking for. There are large enough discounts on box purchases that make online purchasing pointless and the prices on single sticks are comparable (cigar tax is ridiculous). Their selection of humidors, lighters, pipe tobacco, and just overall accessories is hard to beat. If you live nearby, or even if you don't, it's worth the drive for a great experience.
5	Amazing! This is cigar and pipe paradise. The selection is incredible: humidors, pipes and pipe tobacco, ashtrays, lighters and so many cigars it boggles the mind. Their walk-in humidor is the largest I have ever seen, easily the size of some entire stores. I've been in twice now. The first time the service was adequate, but the guy running the show was talking to some other customers so I could not judge the friendliness. Tonight was great. They took lots of time to answer my questions, show me their merchandise and just generally chit chat. Others have already mentioned the great smoking lounge. Unfortunately, membership costs $600 a year, which  is a little out of my price range right now. I did not see the barware that another reviewer mentioned. I asked and they said they had never carried anything like that, so I wonder if she was thinking of their other location. Anyway, I agree with her that this is definitely a "guy place."
3	Some times I wonder why it takes my wife so long inside Anthropologie or Banana Republic.  As a man, I am typically in and out of a store with a purpose.  All that changes inside a cigar shop for me.  I can wonder around that place forever and look at the same things twice, thrice and more.The Tinder Box is a haven for cigar lovers.  They have a large selection of cigars, lighters, ash trays, humidors, and even smoking pipe accessories.  They have one of the best walk in humidors in the Phx area.  The owner, Jeff, usually puts togeter some nice specials and discounts and has a newsletter you can add yourself to to get updates.  Based on the store's selection, it earns a 4 star rating.  If Jeff is working you get good friendly service and there is a small area to sit for us non-members.  I have experienced that if Jeff is not working the service is not quite as good and even some times standoff-ish.If you are coming to buy cigars and accessories, this is one of the best places, but for me if you are going to have your smoke there and you are a non-member, there are much better places to go and enjoy the full experience from the purchase to the smoke, so combing the purchase and the experience I am bumping it down to a 3 star rating (This is one of those I wish I could give a 3.5 rating).
4	We had a really good experience here.My wife had the idea to go in and look for gifts for some men in my family, since I had been agonizing over what to purchase. We went in and I announced to the guy working that I was looking for gifts--I might as well hang a sign around my neck reading "Cigar Noob".The guy was really cool though. He took time to answer my questions and to make suggestions based on what I said. What I really appreciated is that he didn't try to sell me expensive cigars--he suggested a modest selection that would be good for less experienced smokers.I got the overall impression that his primary interest was gaining a customer. It worked, because I will definitely be back to peruse their selection and pick out some for myself.
2	This place is very large and nice inside and they have a very large humidor.  But, I didn't notice a lot of variety.  It was mostly a handful of brands with several boxes of a specific item.  They have tons of pipes + pipe tobacco, several humidors to pick from, lighters, knives, etc.  There is smoking in the store (except the humidor) which can be a bit of a turn off to those that only like to intake smoke when they are smoking (I'm like this).  The only place to linger if you aren't smoking is the humidor anyway right?  It was so large I completely forget I showed up near close.  They were never pushy and came to ask if we needed anything a few times.  I didn't realize until we left.  I am never that guy, and felt bad for it.  We grabbed a few cigars and hit the road.The prices are quite high.  I bought some Sancho Panza's at 40% off and they were still more expensive than a larger cigar (same line) in the humidor at Total Wine.  With it being further from my house than 5-10 other cigar shops and that I typically avoid the 'Tuke because of the resident's being in denial about actually living in Phoenix...  I will stick closer to home.  The other reason is I avoid places with employees that pack heat.  Too much overcompensation screws up my chi.   (in the hidden reviews you will find an attempt by the owner to post a 5 star, which is in poor taste IMO.)
2	I've been to almost every cigar store worth going to in Phoenix and I have to say that the Tinder box has a lot of potential and that's about it. The store itself is nice but once you enter the huge humidor you quickly realize that somethings not quite right. the humidor is only 30 to 40%  full and of that 30 to 40% of cigars it's a lot of off brands, bundles and empty boxes of cigars on the shelves. When the cigar inventory improves the tinder box will warrant another look and probably 4 stars but for now it's 2 stars, you can't call yourself a legitimate cigar store without legitimate cigars.
4	Ya, I am fan. I work next store to this place, I walk by it monday-saturday. the smell of fine cigars are present and pertinent. As for the service I am still a fan of GoodFellas on 7th st and Tbird.As for the selection, TB is by far the best I have seen in the valley. Great room full of cigars. I don't smoke, I partake in the aroma and it is good. Room 101 cigars are my favorite and they always have it here. I look all around when I come across cigar lounges but I can find them. Thank you TB!Out of convenience I will continue to take my business here. The patrons here are amazing, this Greek fella with a booming and deep comforting voice is by far my most favorite. He helped me pick out a handful of cigars for my father. Pops liked.NOte: If you have any car under 35k, you may feel out place when you park near the store. It seems TB has gravity to pull high society and aristocrats. It is a car show ever Friday. --Porsche, Benz, Mercedes, Audi RS and my favorite 2013 VW Golf R-- Modern thought recollect and men of industry discern prowess. Perception finds this Tinderbox worthy of sophistication. RL
4	Good place, decent selection, good staff. Priced a bit high on the cigars. Pipe tobacco selection is pretty good and well priced though.
