1	Sadly "Big Jim" poorly represents the company. I was excited to do vinyl lettering on my vehicle to start my business and while waiting for the lettering to come in, I came into the funds for a vehicle wrap. I went back 6 days after paying to upgrade the order and he had never processed my request for vinyl lettering and was rude to me so I got a refund and took my business elsewhere.
1	I took the time to drive to this location, They took photos of my vehicle and promised a quote. After a number of calls to follow up they don't seem to have the time for customers. Not quote was ever given so i went elsewhere.
5	I have used them several times for my Vehicle Wraps, Signange, Banners, Menu Board, all my promotional items and my Cart wrap and it really enhances my business. People are always complimenting my wrap and the design and I owe it all to Arizona Color. With out their design expertise I wouldn't be where I am today with my business!
1	I typically don't have the time or make the time to review about companies but this one, ARIZONA COLOR PROMOTIONS, I had to!  I reached out to them over the internet to get a wrap done to one of our vehicles.  I already had the design completed from a design firm so I thought this would be an easy transaction.   A woman by the name of Lisa got back to me in a couple days. She said how awesome our design looked and it would be $500 for the installation (partial wrap and some cut vinyl). That was less than any other shop had quoted.  I thought great! I called in spoke with gentlemen on the phone to verify what there installation process was and to make sure this was a quality installation... The gentlemen, who I now know was "Big Jim" ranted about some award they won and they are the best...Okay cool I thought great price and they are the best! Perfect combination... I replayed to Lisa's email saying please proceed. Two days later I get an apologetic email from a woman by the name of Samantha saying, "We made a big mistake" the price should be $1300.00!  "Lisa is new, she does not know what she is doing" but I can get your wrap completed on May 22/23rd which was in a week. This was in line with some of the other quotes price wise I got so I figured that's fine "They are the best per "Big Jim", right? ....and I was leaving out of town so I needed the expedited install date, other shops quoted me 3weeks roughly. Okay fine, let's get it done.  The designer had to look over my design and make his internal tweaks on it, that process was good. The gentleman was efficient, we emailed back and forth the art work was approved in one day, done.  Then I get an email from "Sam" that says the install will be June 3/4th.....WHAT! I send an email back to her telling her the original quote for install she said "that how my schedule works it fills up".  The same day Lisa sends me an email soliciting me for more business...I emailed her back saying not happening at this point based on the transaction so far...I get a call from "Big Jim" after I sent that email...his attitude at first was he is not sure how I assumed that, that was the schedule and where I got that from...after a brief explaination and telling him all of this information I got from your office thru email he backed down..He expressed he was going to fix it and sorry for how it when down....after the phone call I get another email from Sam stating that the install date is the same!!! June 3/4th.  I sent her an email a day later and asked her to cancel the install.  Jim emailed me back and said he did not want to end on these terms and what could we do and he would get me in on Thursday like he said over phone but needed to confirm with Sam...I sent him a reply and thanked him for reaching out but I still would like to cancel and please refund my card.  I did not hear back from him.  I sent two separate emails a few days later one to Sam and one to Jim.  Requesting for the refund and I got no response.  I also called into the shop and requested for the refund to be completed and left a message with Lisa for a call back and I still did not hear from them.  My next step is going to their shop to ask for my refund face to face.  A week and a half after I walked into the wrap shop to ask for my refund, I did get my refund. A big waste of time and exercise I did not need. I ended up with Blue Media, very happy with start to finish transaction.
5	Thank you to everyone at Arizona Color for an amazing vehicle wrap and outstanding customer service! Samantha and the guys made us feel like our business was appreciated and desired. The wrap turned out fantastic! Samantha is very detailed and she made sure that everything was up to her standards, which we really appreciated!! Thank you for everything and we will always use them for our business.
5	Wow...what an AWESOME company! Upon entering, I was greeted by another happy customer whose postcards came out so well...he was showing them off and gave me one. I was in awe at their artwork.I'd went in regarding a charity i was raising funds for. Samantha quickly heard the cause and generously donated. I have found my place for my next car wrap!! Awesome!
