5	How did we never know this Wine & Spirits SUPERSTORE existed? The selection, alone, is worth the trip out. The spirits side of of the store is large, but the selection is comparable to some of the other larger shops, but the wine side of the store is really impressive! We typically opt for the wines & spirits shop in Penn Circle, and that location is still excellent, but for the sake of inventory, you can't beat this location! It's seriously hard to imagine finding a larger Italian wine selection outside of Italy. Also, the employees here were all really helpful and nice to deal with. I have a feeling we'll be coming back quite a bit when it's time to restock our wine, although, it's hard to even know where to begin. I guess we'll start by perusing the huge chairman's selection...
5	I drink, and thus BUY, a lot of wine. Just saying. Captive as we are by this ridiculous PA State Store system, it becomes a necessity to frequent these places (for me, its quite a regular occurrence). I've been to so many I can't even begin to count. I've developed favorites judged soley on the criteria of the wine selection. I assume you hard liquor drinkers can get that more ubiquitously than us wine snobs where, to be sure, the wine selection varies considerably by store location.  I always liked the Perry Highway location - probably one of the first to go to the super store concept. Then I converted to the East Liberty location - spectacular selection for a state owned enterprise. But I have to say, the Fox Chapel (Waterworks) location is the BEST of the stores.Why is that you ask? I have my suspicions that it has to do with the demographics. I mean, it IS Fox Chapel, right? So they always have more premium wines, a more complete Chairman's Selection inventory, a clean atmosphere, and believe it or not, a couple guys who are wine experts! I know!! Amazing!! The guy who runs the wine desk (YES! They have one!!) is super knowledgeable, incredibly helpful (he got me a case of wine I wanted by gathering leftovers from other stores!), and knows where every single bottle is!  You're in disbelief, I can tell. Can't be, you say. Isn't this a state owned and operated enterprise??? HA! But indeed, it's true. Pinch yourself.Within the limitations we all face by being in one of the only two states that has state owned liquor stores, this place can almost make you feel that civilization is more than just an illusion.....
5	Yep - another 5 star review.This is probably the best wine store in Pittsburgh. The selection is incredible, the advice is seasoned, and they really have almost anything you could ask for. The problem is that it is a State store... options can be limited, although if you are willing to travel, your desires for incredible wind and spirits can be placated. Even if not, you can have these desires shipped to your nearest Wine and Spirits depot.I absolutely love the store's representatives' service - they never steer me wrong Chariman's selections? They are well thought-out and always a good buy! The most delicious Pinot noir I have ever enjoyed came from them! If you want a widely-stocked bar, you will enjoy the selections they have made from a variety of wine and spirits, including sake, gin, vodka, Scotch whiskey, American Whiskey, Irish whiskey, and a bevy of mixers and aperitifs!I know that legislation is under way to change the face of wine and spirit distribution - this store will most likely be a casualty if they change things - it is incredible. I cannot say the same for beer distribution, and most liquor stores!Cheers, guys!A
