1	Complete rip off artists! I reserved a 1 bedroom jr Penthouse suite facing the strip with a patio on the 30th floor for $148.00 a night. When I arrived I was given a studio on the 30th floor facing the strip with NO patio. I called Blue Chip and spoke to Krystal. Not only was she rude and unprofessional she hung up on mean because she said I was mad. I called back and she told me that's what I reserved and if I wanted a 1 bedroom it would be $50.00 more a night. After fighting with her about this for 30 minutes I was left with no choice but to pay the extra. No refunds. She gave me a filthy, dirty 1 bedroom on the 17th floor facing the pool, not the strip. We heard Techno music all day from the pool. I could have stayed in a brand new clean room at The Cosmopolitan for $200.00 more. I talked to people at the front desk and they said they get complaints from this co. all the time. After I got home I noticed I was charged an additional charge. I have to fight to get this charge back.Stay away from this company if you don't want to get ripped off like I did.
1	If there was such a thing as 0 stars that's what I would rate this company. I got a phone call 3 Days before my reservation only to be downgraded from a 1 bedroom to a junior suite!! I had reserved it and paid the amount in full in February, and they decide to call me literally 3 days before my reservation in July- and it was the Independence Day long weekend! There was no way I could be accommodated elsewhere even if I got a full refund- which they refused! Also, Housekeeping is an additional charge for $25-45/day! Really? Isn't that standard with every reservation?! Krystal was an absolute disappointment to talk to as a representative- she was rude and awful..she gave attitude and had no regard for the amount of inconvenience I faced. The entire weekend was full of scams and cons! Stay far away from this travel agency. The Signature is a beautiful resort, but I would have been much better off booking through the hotel directly!
2	We rented from Blue Chip for our stay in Vegas.They were ok, but I wouldn't do it again.Housekeeping was really lax about their job.  The room was pretty filthy.  The couch and carpets had horrible smells and the bathroom floors were stained, and tub looked like it was never scrubbed.Also, when we checked in, there were empty Kleenex boxes and rolls of toilet paper.  the kitchen had a USED sponge in the sink and NO paper towels.  SERIOUSLY??I called and left several messages with Housekeeping and they still never came to fix the problems.As for rates - Blue Chip does offer better rates than renting directly from the hotel.  But for how filthy this is, it's not worth it.Also, they don't provide cribs or anything to help make your trip with kids easier.Next time, I would wait for great deals directly from the front desk, or rent from a small owner off VRBO.
1	If I could give zero stars, i would.  They are super shady.  When I made my reservation, there was nothing in it about a cancellation charge.  Therefore, when i found out i could not go and wanted a refund on all the taxes and daily resort fees that were charged, I was told by the lady (who by the way claimed that she was the manager of it all and that she was the one that owned the business) that there was a $35 cancellation fee.  The voucher I bought was from Living social, no where did it claim that there was a cancellation fee, just a 72 hr cancellation notice required and that the voucher would be subject to forfeit.  First of all, what sort of business requires forfeit of deal for cancelling.  That's complete bull especially when the cancellation is made A MONTH in advance.  Second, when I stated that it did not stipulate a cancellation charge, she said quote "it is stated in your confirmation letter".  The confirmation letter to which she was referring to was the letter sent AFTER booking.  So the rules that applied were not made aware until after the fact.  If you are even thinking about this company, don't, they are a scam.  I also had a friend who also purchase a similar deal and had an awful experience with them as well in regards to their customer service.
2	We got a clean room in the MGM Signature Grand on the third floor.  That is all we got.  Housekeeping never came even when we asked.  We never got our newspaper.  Getting on the wireless was a pain.  But the room was wayyy cheaper than the MGM Sig Grand.  I think its probably fine for two people (husband and wife who don't make a mess) but I wouldn't bring a whole family or an entourage in their suites.  I prefer places like the MGM Sig Grand where there is no gambling on the ground floor and I found the location uber convenient.  If I had gotten an ounce of real service, I would be giving them one or two more stars.
1	I seriously SERIOUSLY wished I had read the reviews before buying the voucher from LivingSocial....I never would have done it. I got the weekend voucher, that included a free bottle of alcohol, front of the line passes to some clubs, and two tickets to a show.  I call to make a reservation, and spoke with a gentleman, I gave him my voucher #, and told him the weekend I wanted.  He told me I would have to purchase an extra night for that weekend because it was super busy.. (um wtf? That doesn't even make sense!) So whatever, it was for my boyfriend's bday, so I shell out another $100 for the night, plus taxes and fees..$207, plus the voucher came around to $650!!  So I paid the extra night, and I asked him to email me a receipt/confirmation-a week goes by and nothing.  So I call, now I'm dealing with Brittany, she confirms my email was wrong and was going to resend it.  Another couple days, nothing.  So I call back, Brittany again, she said she'll send it.  Finally, I get a confirmation...no receipt.  After a MONTH, I finally got ahold of Brittany and she emails me my receipt...the next day, I receive an email from Krystle that has a condescending tone about my receipt being emailed yesterday (day late and a dollar short, honey).  She also informs me that whoever took my reservation, did NOT note that I got the deal that included show tickets and he didn't charge me the tax/fees for those...so she has to charge me another $15.  Are you kidding me?! How do you not know, when I gave you the voucher #?Out of curiosity, I email them one last time before we check in to see if the hotel will hold a credit card number from us for incidentals.  Krystle responds, they "might" hold $100/night.  How do you not know?!?!  (BTW, they hotel did NOT hold a cc for incidentals, that was a nice surprise)Ugh, so I'm supremely irritated at this point.  We check in, and at least the MGM Signature staff were really nice and accomodating.  The room was nice, it seemed clean enough...but of course, no show tickets in the room.  Of course, I have to call them and they have to come and hand deliver them to us.  It's just so inconvenient, and unorganized.  Oh, we also found unidentifiable bugs in the room :-/They also apparently only use Peter Borawski's email address. Why they don't have their own? I don't know, I don't know what kind of operation they're running, but I think a band of chimpanzees could do a better job.  The fact is, when you're in the SERVICE industry, **customer service** should be your first priority. STAY AWAY!! You're better off booking with the actual hotel, at least you'll get service and what you pay for.
1	I wish I could give BlueChip NEGATIVE stars!  This company is nothing but trouble.  They hook you with a seemingly decent deal on Living Social and then you are in for it!   I called over a month in advance to redeem my Living Social voucher which was $329 for a 2 night weekend stay including an alcohol package and some club passes.  The girl I spoke to verified the dates and specifically asked me if I had purchased the weekend voucher which I confirmed (why can they not tell this?).  Upon arrival on Friday 1/25, I was informed by the staff at the Signature that Bluechip had booked our room for the incorrect dates (2/25-2/27 which is a Monday and Tuesday instead of 1/25-1/27).   I contacted Bluechip immediately and was "handled" by Brittany.  She informed me it would take up to 2 hours to make the correction and also that I would have to PAY an additional $10.80 because I was charged the wrong amount for taxes. She was indifferent and unapologetic. She called back about an hour later and said it was taken care of.  When I went to check in at the front desk, I was informed Bluechip had booked the reservation for the wrong dates (2/25-2/27) AGAIN and we had to wait another 45 minutes to get into a room.  Are MONKEYS working here!?  Nope... they wouldn've gotten it right the second time around... When we got to the room, the phone and television were not working and the Alcohol/party package that came with the deal were not present - shocker!  I called Bluechip again and was informed it could take an additional 2 hours to get the package and have the items fixed.  I asked if it could be faster because we had plans and were trying to get going and Crystal (who claimed to have no boss and be the OWNER of Bluechip when I asked for a manager) told me she wasn't gonna have her crew "stop what they were doing and run to my room" because they were cleaning other rooms.  I told her I was going to dispute the charge on my credit card and she said "Fine, I'll wait for that dispute".  They were rude and condascending and ruined an entire day/night of our only 2 day trip.  All in all, with taxes and fees I ended up paying over $500 for this "DEAL".  It would have been less expensive to book directly with The Signature for that weekend.  This is in no way directed at the Signature MGM.  It is a fantastic facility with beautiful suites and we have stayed here many times but PLEASE do yourself a favor and book directly with the hotel.I have NEVER experienced this type of treatment, ESPECIALLY in the hotel industry and I travel quite a bit.  This "company" is a disgrace and I can't believe they're still in business.  Charge DISPUTED.  PEACE OUT BLUECHIP!
1	This is my experience with BlueChip below which I emailed to them and have yet to hear from them. It's been over a week and a half:When I had contacted your phone reps to schedule my reservation from purchasing a Groupon, I asked if I could also get early check in. The lady, (believe her name is Annabelle) told me that their was a convention and the rooms were booked for late check out. I asked if I could then do the late check out as advertised in my Groupon and she said yes no problem. Everything was fine until the night before checkout 4/22 where I contacted your phone people around 8PM because front desk at the signature had no records that I had paid for late check out. I was told by an employee of yours that they would look into it and call me back within the hour. I left her with my name and phone number.That didn't happen. I called back at about 10:30 and asked what the status was on my request. This time a different employee now advises that your business is closed and will not be able to put requests through until the following day at 8am. I was very upset at this point that the other girl had not informed me of this instead of giving me reassurance that it would get settled that night. Again, I left my name and phone number with this lady. Come 4/23 I woke up after little sleep at 8:30 am I call and get Crystal over the phone. I again ask her about my request and she tells me that she is sorry but your still not open?!?!? She was very unsympathetic and unhelpful to say the least. I asked for a manager at this point. All she could do was take my name and number like the other 2 previous ladies but this time would have you contact me. My friend who had come with me on this vacation also got in contact with Crystal shortly after i had gotten off the phone. Crystal was short with her too. Then she claims that we checked in around 1pm on 4/21 in our hotel and so were not eligible for late check out. She lied about this and had she verified this in your system or with the signature, you would see that I had contacted you guys to verify if I could park at the signature and venture off around 1pm that day since I arrived in Vegas early. I did not check in at the signature until 5 pm because a man from your company told me that I would either have to take my luggage with me to park or leave it with front desk- none of these I wanted to do.She then rudely stated that nothing can be done because their is a convention going on... Excuse me but how is that my problem? Very poor excuse and customer service if you ask me.  After several times of asking to provide us with our late check out Crystal then tells my friend that we have till noon and would send the request to front desk. Wow, an hour more.... Thanks but not really because in the end when I contacted the hotel at 10:30am they still didn't have the request from you guys. Finally to top off the entire experience with BlueChip Vegas, Annabelle calls me and states she is returning my message. She was 3 messages and two days to late by the time she left me a message on 4/24..This was horrible customer service and very disappointing. I would never recommend your services to anyone. Also, you should see that Crystal verifies her sources before lying to customers about what they did and didn't do. I really didn't appreciate her attitude.I hope to hear from you as to why this happened and why a simple check out was to difficult to make happen....^^^^^^^^as I said that has yet to happen
1	It really pains me to have to post this -  our very first experience with BlueChipVegas was excellent - maybe because we stayed at the Signature Suites.  Our second experience with BlueChipVegas was DISAPPOINTING to say the least.I even sent an email directly to BlueChipVegas hoping to get some response and nothing.  It's a shame but my intentions here are to INFORM you, the customer, of our experience in hopes that you make an informed decision for your trip/reservation.The property we stayed at was was managed by BlueChipVegas and it was their "new property".  It's directly in City Center and was an extremely appealing location.  However, many promises were made in emails prior to our visit that the property was being upgraded and would be done prior to our arrival.  There were photos emailed to me showing me the style of the decor.  I felt duped because, as you will see below, the property did not have the equivalent amenities as the Signature Suites and the price was SIGNIFICANTLY more - by far.  It appears that someone moved out of this property really quickly and no one cleaned it thoroughly nor ensured the property had the basic amenities (see list below).  I emailed BlueChipVegas this list and informed them of my disappointment and all I heard back were crickets...nothing.The property is located in City Center - the Veer Towers.  3 bedroom, 3 bath condo with fantastic views.  I had a business / client meeting scheduled at the property but it was impossible to clean up footprints and make it acceptable to receive guests and sit in the living / dining area with the lack of furniture / seating.  3 bedrms / 3 bath usually means 6 people, right?  Not enough seating for 6 people.  Here is what I emailed them to let them know of what was overlooked for this high end rental property.Valet - lack of bell service:  we should be informed of this prior to arrival.  Was a pain with luggage for 6.3bdrm/3ba would mean 6 ppl.  Not enough seating in living area.Not enough seating for casual dining.Lamps that plugged in to nowhere.  "Upgrading furniture and decor."  That didn't happen.Trash cans in bathrooms - only one bathroom had a canOpened bottles of alcohol probably should not have been left behind.No tv in one room - mount a tv.  Full-sized bed and nothing to make up for it.Not enough light in any room!Dish washing liquid so we can wash and re-use pots/pans, etc.Dish towels neededSwiffer or broom neededCoffee cups.  Not having these sucked royally!Plates, bowls needed.Cutting board needed.Blender - what a bummer not to have hadNeed an area rug in living area for aesthetics, sound absorption and comfort.Hangers needed in all rooms - there were 2.  Largest closets ever but useless without hangers.Need dressers in all rooms.  No place to put clothes.Dirty remnants in drawers of kitchen and bathrooms.  Someone didn't move out -felt like home swap instead of an organized and clean space.Bath towels hanging on towel racks were not clean.Soap dishes --- where do you put the soap after you open the box and use it? The room with the full-sized bed looked like someone ate chocolate in the bed with white sheets - was disconcerting because we don't know if it was "chocolate".It is apparent that they were not ready for us.  It's sad that the experience felt like we were after-thoughts and for that amount of money, it is truly a shame.  The "upgrades" to the room didn't happen as the photos provided prior to our stay are exactly the same (decor) as what was existing.  Many things seemed unfinished, incomplete, forgotten.We were former guests at the Signature Suites through this management company and I expected to have equal or better amenities and not worse at this more upscale and significantly higher priced property.  I was surprised, to say the least, based on our EXCEPTIONAL stay at Signature Suites.
