4	This place is simply great. Cardboard pizza is fine for the kiddies, but as you grow up and your tastes get more refined, you go looking for something better. Rosati's is BETTER. A whole LOT better. Rosati's sits somewhere between a mom & pop specialty joint, and a mega chain - but more the former than the latter. They have enough stores scattered around a few states to get some economies of scale, but they certainly don't feel anything like a mega-chain.Let's face it, there are a zillion pizza joints in the world. And most of them claim to offer fresh ingredients and "authentic" whatever. In fact, there are no less than FOUR pizza places a stones throw from THIS particular Scottsdale corner!  The problem is that most of those zillion joints put out pizza that taste just like all the rest of the pizza you've ever eaten. OK - but nothing really distinctive and memorable.That's where Rosati's is unusual. Their pies have an almost buttery/savory undercurrent that just tastes FABULOUS. It's certainly a traditional taste - but somehow amped up to put a smile on your face. One caution, avoid the"trick" pies like the double crust thing. My advice is to stick to the original crust and even tho this isn't a discount joint, order a size LARGER than you think you might want. You'll thank me the next day.Oh, and take out/delivery only. The couple of seats are set up for waiting customers only.
5	Rosati's Pizza is the best Pizza I have eaten in Arizona. I call in my order and it is always ready after my twenty minute drive. You heard that right, I will drive twenty minutes for an excellent pizza. Rosati's Pizza originated from my home town of Chicago. They put their ingredients under the cheese and it is cooked to perfection every time. The staff is friendly and competent. There is no dinning room at this location.
5	Best Chicago style pizza you can get in town. We always get the meat lover's for pizza night. If you like really good pizza, this is the place for you.
5	This may be the best pizza you can have delivered in Scottsdale. The sauce, cheese and toppings are all top notch. Do yourself a favor and spend the extra 20% to avoid eating another Domino's or Papa John's Pizza! You can pick it up to save a few dollars on delivery too.*This place is seriously busy, so expect up to a one-hour wait (it's so worth it).
2	I think this pie is awful. I have had it twice and all I got was a 16" grease pie cut into annoying little squares. When I requested the pie to be cut into a traditional round style, my request was met with a huff and a puff. It's quite pricy too.
5	Holy slices of heaven on earth!!!!  This pizza is incredible.  After a long day at work my boyfriend and I decided to order in. I turned to Yelp, found Rosati's, and 45 minutes later we had a glorious pizza delivered to my door.  We had the double-dough pizza with cheese and pepperoni. They hand-roll (braid?) the crust under itself, creating the ideal crunch and chew factor. There is something special about the cheese...or maybe it's the herb blend on top...or both. Whatever it is, I found myself eating a third (and fourth) slice. When you want to do pizza, don't waste your time or money on other chains--Rosati's is the place to go!!!
4	Best chain style pizza in town. We alternate between here, Spinato's, and Streets, but Rosatis double thick is my fav. Be warned though, it's pretty expensive so it wouldn't be my choice when all the guys are over for football. But it's perfect for family pizza night.This location is delivery and take out only.
1	The place I tried was on union hills, absolutely terrible..pizza was over done, wings were bad and I felt like a fool spending $30.00 there for a terrible product.
5	This is hands down some of the best pizza I have ever had! There pizza pie is awesome and hard to find especially in the southwest. There hot wings are also some of the best I have every had!
5	Since we couldn't get the gas tank filled for supper on the grill, went to Yelp for a good pizza.  We actually used delivery as well and was told it would be 45 min to an hour and 30 minutes later we had the most awesome hot pizza at our door.!  Finally found a great amazing pizza in Arizona!
2	Now I've never been to Chicago and I've never had the deep dish, so I'm probably not the best person to be writing this review, but I'm still going to put in my thoughts! Not bad, but not good, either. What really ruined it for me was the cheese. It was just, rubbery. I don't think any kind of pizza should have rubbery cheese. That's a huge no-no for me. The crust was good, though. I liked the balance of softness and crispy.
4	Its good pizza....We have  a Rosatis in vegas but it didnt taste the same....maybe i am used to my local Rosatis but the deep dish had too much tomatoes and thin crust was not as crispy...overall the pizza was still better than others we have tried in the Phoenix area.....
3	This is a hard place for me to review.Usually when I order from them I enjoy their pizza (its definitely a step up from the big national chains like Papa John's or Domino's) and this is why I call them back, but unfortunately they seem to be fairly inconstant at this location (which is the only one I have tried). There are times (maybe 15-20% of the time) when I order that I find myself fairly disappointed with their pizza. On those occasions the pizza just seems to be more bland and not quite on point. I am not sure what happens those times but it happens enough that I am mentioning it on here.Overall I would probably rate them with four stars if it wasn't for the inconsistency. Despite the inconsistency, I still put them clearly ahead of the big national chains and order from them when we are in the mood for pizza.
4	After trying out several pizza places in our area, Rosati's has become our regular pizza place for takeout or delivery for a thin crust pizza (we also like Spinato's Pizza).The crust is thin and crispy and the toppings are plentiful. I can't comment on other types of pizza because we haven't ordered anything other than the thin crust.  I have ordered a variety of different toppings on our pizzas; we have never been disappointed.  They run specials on a regular basis. It's worth asking about which specials they are currently running.  The only negative thing I can think to say is that we recently ordered their mild and hot wings.  They were both awful.  The universal consensus was that they weren't good because they had a mushy texture.  I felt like the mild wings were too hot.  Most guests thought the hot wings weren't hot enough.  No one liked the wings.
5	What a pleasant surprise! Have been looking for a place with great deep dish since my old go to Nellos has been disappointing each time we have going there each of the last 3 times. Not only is their deep dish awesome, but their thin crust is so good. May have found the new go to deep dish and thin crust place all in one place
1	Watery pasta and burnt garlic bread... Havent tried the pizza yet I couldve just as easily made a pasta and garlic bread way more worth while!  Not going to be lazy about it again smh
2	So first order with store, delivery was on time. The apps I had where great calamari with sauce and decided on sob pizza cheese is on top of pizza with topping on bottom, not enough sauce (BBQ ) also the edge or crust of the pizza was rock hard and more like a Italian flatbread pizza vs a rolled or developed pizza crust so what happened to the crust it was burnt and hard I could eat only a couple slices also its cut into squares rather then a trad.NY pizza I may re order but  prob will not be the sob pizza
1	Thr menu looked great but delivery took forever. Over 1 1/2 hours.  The food was cold.  Must be why it tasted so mediocre.   Are you listening,  Rosati's.
4	We've been looking for a good pizza place for a while. Rosatis is SO good. I mean really, I"m so glad we finally found decent pizza. Tried most of their menu, all very good
2	This was just so not worth it. The pizza was tasteless, overpriced and burnt. So I guess if it had any taste it would be burnt crust taste. We had the margherita and pepperoni pizza, and they skimped on the sauce for both so that there was way too much end crust that tasted...burnt. Very disappointed.
5	Great pizza and great customer service . Last night I had a terrible experience with another local place - it took over 2 hours to get a cold pizza. So I decided to throw that pizza in the garbage and order Rosati's. They showed up before their quoted time, brought a hot pizza and were very polite on the phone. Definitely refreshing !
5	Best Chicago style thin crust around. Mushroom pepperoni....there ya go.
5	A taste of home!  Perectly made pizza with authentic italian sausage and lots of sauce and cheese.  My favorite pizza anywhere.  Eat here and find out why Chicago has the best pizza!
4	Amazing pizza thick or thin. They know how to get it done. Wings are decent, but make sure to request well done on delivery. Oddly enough, they have barbecued ribs that are among the best around. They offer pick up or delivery at your choice. On the weak side, salads are very average. Go for the pizza and you won't be let down.
2	In the two times we've ordered from this place, we requested the pizza to be cut in slices and not those little squares. They never did what we asked, even when the receipt had our request on it. It really gives the impression that they don't care. The pizza itself was good, but would be better if it weren't cut into squares.
5	Great service and tasty Italian beef! We get the beef for parties. Warm it in the Au Jus in a crock pot. Yum.
5	Best Pizza and the manager Jessie, his team and especially Lolo the cook are second to none! Their flat bread pizza is our favorite.
5	The best pizza ! This place is right across the street from me and it's dangerous. I am always craving rosatis, which in my opinion is the best pizza in az !!!
4	Rosati's is always a go-to delivery pizza for me! Ten years ago I moved to Scottsdale from Chicago and was very sad at the lack of good pizza around, so I was so excited to discover Rosati's years ago. In the years that I have been a Rosati's customer and the tons of times I've ordered here, I have only been disappointed a few times. These times the pizza tasted and looked different than usual, like too much seasoning and undercooked. However, the majority of the time, I am pleased and my inner Chicago girl is satisfied. One other small thing I don't like is the breadsticks. They always come a tad soggy, flavorless, and too hard. Just recently started getting their garlic bread though, and it is much better. I have never had a deep dish pizza here, but it looks really good from the pictures. I will continue to order Rosati's as long as I live in the area, awesome pizza!
5	Great Pizza!  Thin crust.  Delicious
5	Rosati's Pizza is my go to pizza joint. They are basically a carry out place. I live too far away for delivery. So that tells you how far I'll travel for an excellent tasting pizza.They currently have this special where you buy a large and get the medium (excludes the toppings) 1/2 off. I hope I haven't let the secret out on that special. It's been going on for well over a year. I always bump into a lot of Chicago people when in here. I always get a bigger pizza than I can eat since it's the perfect breakfast food. After all, who can resist some reheated pizza the next morning for breakfast!I really like the thin crust but my family prefers the deep dish. So I'm stuck eating deep dish all the time, lol. This is the best tasting pizza I have had in Arizona. The Cenpho folks might want to venture out of their box and try this pie. This is something even the east coasters would enjoy. Once in awhile they'll even mess up your order but they are quick to rectify it if you give them a chance. And once in awhile they'll even burn your pizza a little. Even with these rare annoyances I keep coming back to this Rosati's location every time.
3	Good, but expensive. A 14" pizza and large antipasto was $37 delivered plus tip. Pizza was sliced in a weird manner;  not the usual spoked wheel, but crosswise. WTF?The white pie with sausage and NO tomatoes tasted great -- even if it was sliced by Jack the Ripper. Antipasto was large with ample Italian deli meats and cheeses. All in all, the food was great, but on the expensive side.
