5	Today is the actual launch of the show, which is a tribute to the artistry of Cirque du Soleil and the magical music of The Beatles.  Check out their website for details and booking.We went to the preview show in mid-June because I love the Beatles and was also impressed by the 25% discount on tickets.....The costumes are exquisite, certainly flights of fancy and color, and the acrobatics and choreography to music that really means something (to me) made this a wonderful experience.  The show is not as "circus-y" as the others, like Mystere, but the rest compensates you for it, if you happen to even notice this point.  Without giving too much away, Yellow Submarine and Blackbird were my favorites, although the opening groovy dancing was so cool...I seriously thought Austin Powers was going to leap out at any moment.The theatre is rather cosy so you still get value from sitting in the nosebleed section (Balcony, but Upper Orchestra might be optimal) as you can take in all the visual stimulation from up there...and I mean ALL, as there are fabulous things in the air, film projections on the walls and the pervasive voices of John, Paul, George and Ringo.We sat in the Lower Orchestra and the benefit is that the performers can see you - I swear they were looking straight at us most of the time!  And we could closely examine their tattoos, armpits, muscular legs, arms, etc. and any other area you wish to ogle.The nostalgia of having bought my very first record, which was a Beatles record of course, shook me up but it was simply a very happy experience.   Folks of all ages seemed to be having a good time, though kids are not permitted to the show (under the age of 5), but I think you'd want to take kids over 10 to really get value of spending that kind of money on the ticket.I agree with the website marketing of the show:  the listener is immersed in the world of the Beatles.Don't forget to take someone that YOU love!
5	LOVE is all you need.  Seriously.  This was my first Cirque show and I enjoyed every moment.  The music was fantastic and I particularly loved hearing clips from The Beatles messing around in the studio when they were young.  The dancing and acrobatics were entertaining, although one of the stunts made me uncomfortably nervous.  I have heard from most that there are fewer acrobatics that the other Cirque shows, but don't let that keep you away.  If you are at all a Beatles fan, this show is fun and entertaining.  There are moments where the dancing is a little boring, but all in all, two thumbs up.  The skaters, the music, the costumes and the cirque people were all fantastic.  I would see it again!
1	Was it a Cirque du Soleil or a musical?  Was I there to enjoy true Cirque magic as in Mystere' or O?  For sure not.  Was I there to enjoy live music as in Mama Mia?  Well, no.  I was VERY disappointed with this show.  It didn't know what it was supposed to be - sure it had some nice lighting effects and the music, well, it was the Beatles, but other than that, this was a real bummer.  I'd see Mama Mia, or Celine 10x again and again, or Mystere' or O, but this thing, I'd hand my ticket to one of the guys on the street handing out porno cards.
5	This performance moved me. Going in not as a huge Beatles fan and never having been to a Cirque show I didn't have high expectations. The score and sound system were incredible. The visuals beautiful and delightful. My favorites were Octopus's Garden and Strawberry Fields. I loved everything about this show. I think being in the 3rd row made a difference too. It was like being part of the show. I am in love with LOVE and will go back EVERY time I am in Vegas. Kudos!
5	We were there for the 7:30 Dec. 30 showing  and the show itself was awesome.  But through no fault of the performers; there was an hour long interruption caused by technical or mechanical difficulties at the beginning of the show.   For some reason the center staged got jammed and would not go down.  The bummer part was the general manager of the show came out after a few minutes and made an announcement saying the technicians should be finished fixing the problem in about 5 to 8 minutes...........which actually took an hour.  He should have offered free drinks or something for the inconvenience....since we missed our dinner reservation!    But overall, the show was spectacular....yes, this is one of the best cirque du Soleil show I have seen!
5	It's really difficult to explain all that is to be seen & felt at this show, but I will say it is one of the best shows of any genre I've ever seen.  Entertaining and touching and gorgeously directed, it's the kind of show that you'll appreciate regardless of your level of Beatle-ness or love of their music.  What I think this show does best is highlight just how iconic the Beatles truly are, and how enduring their music is and will continue to be.  I was wary of the "re-mastered like you've never heard them before" tagline of the show, but the sound was one of the most impressive parts of "Love".  The music of the Beatles comes out crisp and clear in full technicolor and from every angle.... it was sincerely awesome.  Funny, too, how a song you've heard a hundred times before can suddenly resonate a little bit deeper when heard in a new, fresh context.  When "Yesterday" qued up and the actors slowly floated around the stage in time to the music, I was surprised to find myself getting a little choked up.  To this day there isn't a musician or group in the world who will ever hold a candle to the Beatles. A beautiful, entertaining and innovative show that I hope becomes another stage classic.  Absolutely do not miss it if you're in Vegas!
2	FRONT ROW SEATS!  are a little TOO close.  ]:  VERY loud.  and kind of boring even though they did have a few good aspects as a tribute to the beatles.
5	Cirque du Soleil creates another amazing and fun show.  Using music from the Beatles, you can't help but walk out of the show feeling good.  You'll get standing up cheering and applauding the performers by the end of the show.  The interesting thing is, Love isn't so heavily dependent on acrobatics as the other Cirque shows.  This one focuses more on various styles of dance along with what I can only describe as aerial dance/acrobatics.  You still can't help but be amazed by what these performers can do.As with most Cirque du Soleil shows, don't worry about the front row seats.  Sitting further back will give you a better vantage point to see everything going on on statge.
5	I love the Beatles and I loved this show so much, every moment of it.  The music was amazing.  I wish I could see it 1,000 more times.
5	I was a little worried about sitting too far since I wasn't in the lowest section, but when we got there I realized it was the perfect location. Not too close or too far from stage. Actually all the seats seem like a good location. What I liked about this Cirque du Soleil show more than others is that it's a tribute to the Beatles. People can relate to the Beatles, so it was a delight when certain songs came on and I'd hear people around me singing, humming, or clapping along. It's very interactive in that sense. The performances and effects were mesmorizing. I had a soft spot for the lonely clown, who also came out to entertain us before the show started.  This show was all about having fun. It's the most light hearted Cirque du Soleil show I've seen.
5	This was my first Cirque show ever, and it was AWESOME! Apparently there isn't as much acrobatics as there are in other shows, but nevertheless it was fantastic.It seems like all the seats in the house were pretty good. Also, definitely don't forget to buy a $13 margarita, they're actually pretty good and come in a sweet plastic souvenir cup! You can't beat the soundtrack, I definitely got caught singing along, much to the annoyance of my neighbors, who roughly elbowed me promptly.Great show, and check out the Beatles themed bar outside the arena for a flashback to the '60's, or, if you're too young, like myself, a flashback to the last time you watched Austin Powers.
4	I am a HUGE Beatles fan. I know everything about them. I looked forward to seeing the show. I wasn't disappointed but I'm such a Beatles purist that I expected more tie-ins between the music and the theatrical aspects of the show. Maybe I'm not so educated on Cirque and their whole "thing" but it was a pretty abstract show but with very impressive dancing, special effects and props. At certain points, I would just shut my eyes and listen to the remastered music and marvel at how good it sounded from the CDs I have at home. I wouldn't see it again but it was worth seeing. It seems like a popular show. I saw it on a Monday night and the place was packed with excited people. It's great to see so many generations of Beatles fans.
4	Bought a pair of tickets for my parents and thought it would be great since there's so much rave and it's from their generation.  They said it was quite interesting and some surprises, but only OK.  I think my mom enjoyed the surprises and my dad liked the surround sound music, especially that they have speakers installed in the seats.  But it gets sold out fast, so better book early because I couldn't get tickets the day of.  But that was like a almost a yr ago.  They also said that it was true you can get a good view basically anywhere you sit, (so no need to pay for the really expensive ones).  vegas baby!                                                                                 -Janice
5	Went to see love recently. Wow what a treat. At first there is so much going on that you get sensory overload. But after you adjust its just sit back and enjoy the show. The sets are amazing, the costumes are awesome and the music is incredible especially if you are a Beatles fan. It is very different than most Cirque shows as the focus is on the music of the Fab Four and not so much on acrobatics or contortionist, but it is special none the less.
5	I LOVED IT!  The music was fantastic, and it is fun to sing along.  Definitely go see it!  It's less heavy on the acrobatics, but the combination of the music and the choreography is amazing and highly entertaining!
5	This was one of the best shows I have ever seen in my life!  Although it's the only Circque du Soleil show I've seen, the show was extremely memorable.  I enjoyed the tribute to the Beatles, the songs, the performers, the acrobatic performances, the stage props and antics, etc., etc!  I cannot believe how strong and muscular the performers are!!  There were these 4 women performers sitting in a crossed legged position and then they were lifted straight up into the air by ropes they had intertwined around themselves and maintained the crossed legged position as if they were levitating!  WOW!!!  Definitely not an ounce of body fat on any of the performers!  This is a must see if you are ever in Vegas!
5	I've seen several Cirque du Soleil shows in the past:   Mystere at the Treasure Island, Corteo in San Francisco, and Zumanity at New York New York.   Without calling myself an habitue, I certainly know enough about the Cirque du Soleil to know what to expect.Until now, that is.    Even though this does have some elements of the Cirque du Soleil, acrobatics don't feature as heavily in Love.  Nevertheless, the show was stunning and fabulous and the set design eclipsed anything I've seen until now.Set to The Beatles' Love soundtrack by George & Giles, the show is immensely entertaining.    I haven't really touched hallucinogenic drugs in 15 years and yet, this show seriously made me long for some lysergic acid diethylamide or some mushroom caps.  Anything, really, to accompany the sensory overload of colors, music, touch...Cirque du Soleil did a fabulous job and this show was by far my favorite (albeit not the most amazing) Cirque show I've seen!Oh, and the acrobatic hippies bouncing up and down during "Revolution" had me laughing my ass off...   Look, I lived in Berkeley between 89 and 93, and the most exercise most hippies get is reaching for the bong, ok?   These guys were doing flips on and off the phone booth... HILARIOUS!If you love beautiful set designs and enjoy the Beatles music, you're gonna love it!  I promise!
5	This was my first Vegas show, and I LOVED IT!!!!!  This show was absolutely amazing! The acrobats and dancing and showmanship/entertainment was great!  I thought it was kind of funny that they had photographers walking around the audience taking photos of you there so you could purchase after the show.  Anyway, I'm not a huge Beatles music fan, meaning that I like their music, but I'm not fall down in love with it, but again, I LOVED IT! If your a Beatles music hater, then you might want to skip it, because of the people I know, the ones who really dislike Beatles music and only went because their significant other wanted to see it are the ones who hated it.
5	All you need is LOVE!When in Las Vegas, you must see this show!  I didn't think anything could ever top O, but somehow LOVE just blew it out of the water.  LOVE seemed to be more modern dance-oriented than circus-oriented, while also incorporating some great video footage.  The music took me to a happy, nostalgic, and euphoric place - marijuana not necessary!  I loved all the characters.  I want to see it again and again, and share it with everyone.  If John Lennon could see LOVE, he would be so proud.    Note: I would not recommend it for young children.
5	Beyond my expectations of a Vegas show! Amazing, overwhelming display of creativity, choreography, artistry, sound and visuals. Everything. Every seat had speakers built in. Even our quasi-nosebleed seats were well worth it. Extremely helpful pages to show you around and easy to find the seats. I only recommend you buy your tickets online in advance and plan your trip around it.
5	The hands-down greatest rock band of all time combined with Cirque? Are you kidding me?? I was so excited to see this show I almost peed my pants. My gf got us tix to see it for Valentines Day (I know, awww) and the first 20 minutes of the show was all I expected and more. Dreamy sequences with hints of characters from the songs I grew up listening to..it was amazing. I sung along with every track and darted my eyes around the stage so I wouldn't miss anything. I bought the soundtrack before seeing the show so I sort of knew what to expect music wise (awesome soundtrack btw; remixing the Beatles is like sacrilege but not in this case).The only problem was that 20 minutes in, some jackass pulled the fire alarm...and the show grinded...to....a.....halt. The fire sprinklers over one of the sections starting going off, so they had to evacuate everyone. Unfortunately we never got to see the rest of the show, but we got a refund and were comped a meal and VIP seating after I called and bitched. Those 20 minutes sure were spectacular though.*** Update 12/18/07: We finally made it back to see this show again. The whole time we were praying another fire alarm wouldn't go off, and we actually made it thru the whole show! LOVEd it, wouldn't change a thing. Not as acrobatic as the other Cirque shows from what I've heard, but the visuals combined with the timeless tracks is pure gold. Big ups to whoever did the motion graphics on the screens as well.
4	The newest in the Cirque de Soleil empire, this show is based on the music of The Beatles.  If you want acrobatics and humor, see Mystere.  If you want great acrobatics with a watery theme, see O (or Le Rve).  If you want acrobatics and great technical feats, see K.  If you love Beatles music, see Love.I enjoyed Love because I like Beatles music.  Yes, there are some pretty interesting acrobatics, but the heart of the show is the music.  The theater has an excellent sound system, and the choreography does a good job of supporting the music.Hint: the seats closest to the stage are so close that it can be difficult to take in some of the acrobatics.  I sat in front and enjoyed it a lot, but the seats about 6 or 7 rows back are probably better.
5	Fantastic.  Outstanding.  Big words dont do it enough justice.  I want to go back and see it again.  Moving.  Amazing.  Perfectly coreographed.  Well worth the expensive ticket price.
5	I've seen a lot of Cirque du Soleil shows, and I think after O, this is my second favorite.  Of course, the main draw to this show is the music of the Beatles.  Most of the tracks are taken directly from the Beatles' albums and played as a backdrop to a Cirque du Soleil show that was less Cirque, and more of a visualization of the Beatles' style, cultural impact, and art.  There are roughly four performers who serve as caricatures of the Beatles, and it was evident that several sequences mirrored the lives of the Fab Four.A lot of the acts did more to tell a story rather than showcase a skill, which I thought kept the show together as one coherent piece.  And although I'm not big fan, some of the interpretive dance sequences were truly memorable.  The 360 degree stage was also interesting, and while it seemed during some scenes a little too big for what was going on on stage, most of the audience a central view of the action.  The wide movie theater style screens behind the back rows added visualization effects and depth.On the way out, I noticed several people exiting the theater still singing Beatles tunes.  But whether you're familiar with the Beatles' or not, you're sure to leave entertained.
5	Transcendent.I love the Beatles, which was pretty much the only motivation for me to see a Cirque show or go to Las Vegas, where I hadn't been in at least eight or nine years.It took Tita and I from February until June to finally confirm a weekend where we were both available and could commit to flying up to see the show. I bought the tickets only a couple of weeks ago, $165 each for fourth-row seats. TOTALLY WORTH IT. The performers were at eye-level, plus every seat had speakers on the front and back of the headrest, so the sound was incredible.The song choices, as well as the costumes, choreography, and screened images that went along with them, were completely flawless. My favorite portions of the performance were probably the blinding beauty of the sun made of electric candles during "Here Comes the Sun," the twinkling lights and dizzying imagery during "Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds,"  the skating act during "Help!" and of course, the lushness, vitality, and sheer beauty of the final number, "All You Need is Love."Honestly, I was transported. There were times I wanted to cry because it was so overwhelmingly lovely, and times I just laughed and clapped with happiness because it was so absolutely perfect.One word: GO.
5	AMAZING.  This place is just purely AMAZING.I dropped a pretty penny for some decent seats a few months after it opened.  I am a cheapskate and would normally would never drop this amount of dough on one night of entertainment, but this was oh-so-worth-it.  For months (years to come?) I can't help but keep reliving in my head the memories of this wonderful performance that marries the imagination and the love of Beatles perfectly into one show.  I have never seen anything like this.  I've seen Cirque du Soleil shows previously but nothing like this.  Nothing.  Come see it.  Live it.  I know I sound corny and I am not even a huge Beatles fan before I see this, but now I totally am.  All you need, is love.
2	After having seen 10 different Cirque shows, I expected...oh, I don't know....Cirque? Instead, I got an interpretive dance show with (admittedly great) Beatles music. Only two real "Cirque" acts; the rest was almost two hours of interpretive dance and floorshow. Not what I have come to expect from the folks who did Mystere and Zumanity.The remixed Beatles songs were phenomenal, as were the outtakes that were scripted to shadow performers acting it out. However, there were so many areas this show failed. Lady Madonna ended up being a modern African dance number with pregnant women. Here Comes The Sun was completely out of sync: the choreography had nothing to do with the music (music moved fast, they moved slow, etc.). I mean, the list goes on and on.One note: if you have to go, get the upper balcony seats. Yes, they are less expensive, but you will actually get to see the action without a crick in your neck. Not to mention there is one "number" where the entire lower seats are covered with a sheet for over 2 minutes. See if you can get a deal on the tickets; the prices are in no way justified for what you are seeing, unless you want to see Beatles-inspired dance number with 2 cool acts for less than 5 minutes each sprinkled in.
5	Love this show, love this show, love this show.  Having seen Mystere last, was quite done with Cirque de Soleil for awhile.  But this was incredible.  Admittedly, I am a huge Beatles fan which is the only reason I was willing to sit through another Cirque show.  But my husband is not such a huge fan (knows some songs...can take them or leave them) AND he hated Mystere as well.  So getting him to pony up for the good seats to this was a miracle!  We were at eye level and those seats were worth every penny.And we both walked away thinking that was one of the best shows we had ever seen.  The fusion of the music and the dance was great. For those few who complain it wasn't Cirque'y enough - I say yay.  It had just enough funkyness to it plus just the pure talent of the acrobatics and dance to keep your eyes glued to everything you possibly could take in.  I say if you can possibly see this show - do it!  I would go back in a heartbeat for a second show!
5	Wow!!!  The Beatles have been such a powerful force in our culture that even if you lie to yourself and say you don't like the Beatles you do.  The song "yesterday" set to a visual orgasm is emotive to say the least.  I believe that this  is my favorite Cirque du Soleil.  I have seen them all with the exception of KA and I think I will stop here.  I don't want to ruin it for the rest.  Also, if what I hear materializes, and Criss Angel or whatever his name is becomes even closely related to the Cirque then its curtains.  Shame on you Cirque you have lost your identity.
5	This is a brilliant show that I'll remember for a very long time, with the help of the soundtrack, no doubt. Each number had such sonic and visual originality, it can be hard to process, so I'm sure the second time around is even better.  I've never seen a Cirque show, so I can't compare it against anything else.  I'm not sure how this shows plays to non-Beatles fans, but I think most people will have at least a pleasant association with about 2/3 of the songs.  I really like the Beatles and knew all the songs, but I'm not a Beatles nerd who can identify all the bits they intersperse throughout the show. If that describes you, there is plenty here to listen for.  The sound is incredible and the theater is beautiful- check it out for sure.
5	Having seen all but one of Cirque Du Soleil's "resident" shows (Myste`re (twice), O, Ka, Zumanity, and Love) and one of the "big-top" traveling shows (Varekai), I feel I am a semi-expert on Cirque Du Soleil shows and therefore am entitled to more voting clout.  |-)As a Cirque Du Soleil show, "Love" has the same major "threads" running through it as all other Cirque Du Soleil shows:  wonderfully imaginative set design and costuming, a couple of comic/clown-ish characters, a couple of weird/eccentric characters, acrobatics, feats of strength and flexibility and balance and bravery, etc.  However, "Love" is much more of a musical and much less of a "circus" show than the other Cirque Du Soleil shows.The music and the sound is kick-ass:  there are supposedly 3 speakers in *EACH* of the 2000+ seats in the place!!!  The music was re-scored by George Martin and his son, Giles Martin.We were there for one of the "pre-opening" shows, and at one point, one of the big curtains got stuck in its track in the middle of the stage, and there was much (quiet) frenzy fixing it, but the show went on almost without missing a beat.If you are a Beatles fan (and who's not?!), you simply *MUST* see "Love".
5	What a visual feast. This was my first "Cirque" experience and I am look forward to the others, soon I hope. So much to see and beautifully presented. It was music for the eyes, Beatles music no less. We sat about five rows from the front  . . .WOW!
4	I'm not a huge fan of Cirque De Soleil, but when my friend's aunt offered to buy us tickets for Love, I was set on going.  The trippy, colorful show got a little old towards the end, but it was nonetheless flawless.  I kind of wished I was on some sort of hallucinogen during the show.  There were parts that were pretty moving, at least for me...many parts were related to historical events that were going on during the time the Beatles were at their prime.  There are speakers on every seat, so sound is not a problem.  We were in the very last row up top, and the view was still amazing.  There's not a bad seat in the house.If you're a Beatles fan of any degree, you should see this show.
3	If there was a separate Cirque du Soleil rating scale, I'd rate it lower but in the big scheme of things, it wasn't a bad show.  It just wasn't what I expected for Cirque du Soleil.I think if I was a Beatles fan, it would have been much more enjoyable and meaningful.  I didn't get any of the references - Beatles or historical.  We bought the tickets at the last minute and the only two seats were front row.I liked when there were lots of things going on but when there was just one girl dancing around, I got a little bored.It was my least favorite Cirque du Soleil show.
5	Awesome. Pricey tickets, but absolutely worth it. We sat up front, but I don't believe there was a bad seat in the house. Great sound, and great visuals - it stretches your eyes to their peripheral limits. Beatles fans won't be disappointed, the song selection was well chosen and orchestrated. The mix meshes well with the performance.This was by far the best show that we saw in Vegas. You'll catch yourself thinking about it for days afterwards.The gift shop had some pretty cool overpriced stuff, too. There isn't much else to say that others haven't already covered, so I'll just say: don't forget to blink.
5	Completely blown away.  I was dragging my feet about seeing a Cirque de Soleil show because I had seen them on Bravo and felt like I had the general idea and didn't need to drop a bunch of cash to see it in person.  I am sooo glad I went.  In fact I would like to go back and listen to the music again with the lyrics and then see it again to pick up on what I missed.  There was so much going on related to the lyrics that went right over my head because I didn't know all of them.  I think this would appeal to anyone - I really can't even imagine why it wouldn't.  If you're debating about going to see this show, don't - go.  You won't regret it.
5	I really appreciate Cirque.  The performers, costuming and presentation is second to none.  I don't always like it or understand it.  The music and plot is sometimes hard to understand and identify with.LOVE transcends the issues, but offering great music while entertaining in the radical Cirque tradition.LOVE is a sweet, upbeat and entertaining show.  It is amazing that after 40 years the Beatles are more relevant and important than ever.
5	I was actually speechless and a few people around me were crying.  Yes, they were crying and it wasn't because they had lost all of their money at the craps table.  This was an AMAZING show, both musically, physically and emotionally.  We were close to the performers so you could see the joy with which they danced, twisted, soared and swung through the air.  With every intro, goosebumps would arise on my flesh and I would shiver with excitement at what I'd see next.  When it ended, for the first time in a long time, I actually looked around in disbelief, is it over?!
5	I've been to 3 Circque du Soleil shows.  This one is by far and away my favorite.  Love was the best show I've ever seen in my entire life, in fact.  God, I loved it!First off, every detail was well-planned, down to the people who scanned my ticket, offered me a program, or led me to my seat.  ("Joseph and the Technicolor Raincoat" style tunics, girls wearing '60s mod police officer "Bobby" outfits, and fur-collared coats a la Sergeant Pepper, respectively).    The venue itself was unlike anything I'd ever seen before, following through with the color scheme and aesthetics of the show.  I was already thoroughly entertained before the show even started.Then, still, I was even more amazed.  Little details, like following the rapid mechanization of British culture was demonstrated by remote control tricycles, or machines which had pedals that made lots of pairs of galoshes dance simultaneously.  A housewife displayed her identity by hauling a fishing pole over her back, from which hung many pairs of baby clothes, like a clothesline.  Beatlemania cleverly depicted rabid fans by giving them dozens of hands or legs, all in motion, all the time: physical chaos.  Drug experimentation, racism, the plight of the single mother and war were all similarly depicted: so cleverly, that I wanted to write a letter to people who came up with all of this.My husband has read about Cirque shows and said that typically, the costumers, makeup artists, choreographers, prop designers, set designers, etc., all do their parts separately first.  I can't believe a group of people could all work together to make something that jives so harmoniously.  I seriously think I smiled through every second of the entire show, from when an entire VW Bug went from driving across stage into lots of men holding sheet metal, all the way to when an alcohol-fueled party girl accidentally bopped her own head off.  It was uplifting and really really smart.  Excellent work, Cirque!
5	I'M COMING I'M COMING I'M COMING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!cirque du soleil and muse in one weekend. i am almost convinced this will be better then my wedding day.edit 10-30-07unlike some of the other Cirque shows, this one is a little more dance oriented and not as traditional in terms of clowns. For example in O, and Allegria the clowns actually have scenes where they indeed are clowns. Here its approached more from a character perspective.The aerial acts were stunning, the music was delivered awesomely, and there was a more clear story line than in most other Cirque shows.I agree with Jenn T in that you have to be a Beatles fan at least a little to give a shit about this show, because so much of it is about the music and history of the Beatles, and not so much about insane acts.. although I'm sorry, the acts are still insane. i can't do 1/16Th of what they do.i loved it. a whole lot. a whole whole whole whole lot.
5	I have seen 2 other Cirque du Soleil shows in Vegas (Mystere and O) and after each of those shows, I thought, "this was by the far the best show I have seen." I also always think I paid too much for the tickets until I leave the theater ... it's then that I think I would have paid double. And LOVE was no exception.This show was incredible and everything in the theater played the part -- from the greeters with British accents, right down to the flat screen electronic concession menus with drinks like "A Hard Day's Night" served in huge commemorative cups for a reasonable $7-13. Plus, it doesn't look like there is a bad seat in the house. When I bought the tickets, I didn't think our seats would be very good, but we couldn't have asked for better -- Level U, Section 201, Row R. Look 'em up.The show was so well done, I will admit I got tears in my eyes during several scenes wondering how people can not only direct and perform in these types of productions, but the creativity behind every element was inspiring. Plus, they did a great job of mixing current technologies with vintage costumes -- it was a true sensory experience.Not knowing a ton about the Beatles before attending the show, I now feel slightly obsessed with rounding up every album they ever put out. Amazing x5 = 5 Stars.
5	Wow. I was so impressed. Wasn't expecting much because Cirque has become so commercialized. I've seen Mystere and Alegria, and thought -- What can you possibly do with the Beatles?But the integration of music, dance, effects and acrobatics was extremely sophisticated. I especially loved the musical arrangements that incorporated original recordings and soundbites with respectful alterations.People were singing along (yes, me too) and the audience was MOVED, more than I've ever witnessed during a live production. I can't help but think that the Beatles resonates with people the way classical music sometimes does. It's truly timeless. And the Cirque production only enhances the qualities that touch us, telling its "stories" vividly and creatively.
5	Words cannot describe just how spectacularly phenomenal this show really is. This is the best Cirque du Soleil show I've ever seen in Vegas and anywhere else for that matter. I'm not a huge Beatles fan, so I was a little nervous that I wouldn't understand the show. Once I figured out that the show is basically an interpretation of each song, I started to really love it. No pun intended. Plus, I recognized a lot of their songs, which made it that much more enjoyable. And, it was cool how there were speakers built into each chair so we all had uber surround sound. I would definitely see it again, maybe in a few years. I can't wait!
5	The most visually stunning experience of my life thus far - I am not even a Beatles fan and this took my breath away.  Although Mystere may be a better showcase for the acrobatic stunts/feats of the human body, this show will give you the most interesting 90 minutes you could imagine.All you need is love, indeed!PS- don't book the floor seats because a lot of the action is in the air and you will constantly be looking up...if you have a MGM players card, book your seats through that (they often have better seating options than the box office)
5	All I can say is "Omigosh - it's awesome".  I've been to other Cirque Du Soleil shows and all were great.  My husband is a huge fan of the Beatles while I am not, but I totally enjoyed all the music.  The ushers were cutely dressed like English police officers. Throughout the show, I was amazed by each music piece and how each segment seems to outdo the previous one.  I only remember some famous hits (please note that I am not a HUGE fan) but according to my husband, all the hits were played - including some that were not big hits.  Two of my favorites segment/acts were "Hey Jude" and "Something".  I highly recommend anyone going out to Las Vegas to see this show.  Most importantly, I don't think there's a bad seat in the place.  It's a small venue and you won't go wrong with any seating location.  Also, if you're going to buy souvenirs, I suggest you buy them prior to the start of the show, because it's a mad rush of people crowding out.
3	I usually purchase the whole VIP package for Cirques.  However, on this occasion, I had to suffice with nosebleeds, as my company was on a budget.  ...And, surprising to say, it wasn't that bad.  We had the first row, toward center aisle in the $90 section.  I don't know how the other seats are, but these had speakers in them.  Furthermore, I was delighted to see that there were plenty of air in the show.  By that, I mean, most of the things where in flight and for nosebleed, that equaled eye level.  (yay!)  I didn't have to gain a kink in my neck to see the show.  I just sat back and enjoyed.  Overall, it was a lovely piece.  It barely falls in my top ten favorite Cirques, but it was nice. It's more along the lines of Delirium, if you're a fan. -- stars based on category, not food
5	I have seen all of the Cirque shows in Vegas and Love is UNBELIEVEABLE!!!  I am really not a Beatles fan - but wow this show is Fantastic!!!  Be sure to visit the restroom before the show begins and grab yourself a giant margarita!!!
1	This was by far the worst Cique du Solell show i've ever seen. Every single person I've spoken to who have liked it have said the same thing "i loved the music". If you come out of a Cique du Solell talking about the music I think something is really wrong with the show. Also for the price of the ticket you could easily buy some beatles albums and enjoy it on your own sound system.  There were hardly any acrobatic stunts and it was mainly people dancing around. On the upside the sound was really good, there were speakers on the front of the seat, on the headrest and below the seat. If this show wasn't comp'd I would have been really pissed.
4	Everyone that I know that's seen it, loved it, so we splurged and bought tickets.I'm a huge Beatles fan and I knew that I would love it for the music alone. Other than that, I didn't know what else to expect.There was a lot of dancing.  Lots of people flying through the air and some people on rollerblades.  I really enjoyed the show. I thought they did a great job incorporating the music and the choreography.  The costumes were beautifully made, very detailed.  The sound was loud and clear.And if you go, you don't need to get the really expensive seats at the bottom. I sat at the very last row and it looked great. You were able to see everything and not miss a thing.I'd go see it again.
5	Awesome show that is full of surprises. It's great to be able to sing along to all of the songs. Fantastic show that won't disappoint. Very entertaining and left you wanting more.
5	this show was so amazing. there were all kinds of spectacular special effects. it was so beautifully done. transitions were done between sets that were just amazing, ones you wouldn't notice unless you were really thinking about them or really paying attention to every tiny detail. although, that wasn't really possible since there was so much going on. i'd love to see it a 2nd time if possible. i have to say, it was so much fun. i took my mom and aunt. it was amazing. i loved the props and the character who walks around throughout the whole show with his flowers. at first he was a pain in the butt because he seemed to be getting in the way but really, at the end he was rather cute. i guess the lil guy grew on me. lol.
5	Love is an imaginative synthesis of Cirque du Soleil and the Beatles. The idea was originally hatched between the late George Harrison and Cirque founder Guy Laliberte in 2000. The show allows the audience to experience the music of the Beatles (which was remixed by their producer Sir George Martin and his son) in a new way. There are fewer acrobatics in Love than other Cirque shows, but the costumes and sets are much more elaborate. Love is entertaining and i would recommend it to anybody.If you are still undecided, check out the trailer: http://www.cirquedusoleil.com/CirqueDuSoleil/en/showstickets/love/intro/intro.htm
5	I admit it. I was the super dorky girl sitting next to you crying. My best friend and I met in Las Vegas specifically for this show. The Beatles have been a MAJOR part of our lives since the moment we met in kindergarten. Most songs give me the chills listening to them on my crappy car stereo. So imagine how affected we were sitting in that amazing room with the speakers in our chairs. Pretty awesome. Our seats were in the first row in the balcony. I think they were the best seats in the place. So much happened right at our eye level. These creepy, flying people came out of the wall right at our heads. Fantastic! I think I would have been disappointed had I been on the lower level. My neck would have been majorly cramped. The one thing I do have to say is that about 3/4 of the way through, they stopped the show for no particular reason and made us wait about 30 minutes before restarting it. I know how professional and experienced the Cirque family is, so it had to be something major for them to stop the show. Perhaps an injury or something. Regardless, it started back up and they finished the show. No harm done.What a wonderful experience. So worth the $500 flight and $100 tickets. I would so go again. I've seen other Cirque shows and for me they don't compare. I suppose it's a personal thing. I can only watch people jump up and down for so long. But, I could watch John, Paul, George and Ringo on a big screen while listening to their music for ever.
5	I really never cared all that much for the Beatles. I'm a Kiss fan first. I guess what really never appealed to me was their lack of "stage presence". It's pretty non-existent. Enter Vegas and 2 tickets to  The Beatles:LOVE show. Let's just say that your humble narrator barley standing before you got choked up within the first 10 minutes of the show. When "Get Back" hit and the four silhouettes start jamming on the big screens--I was a goner! The show was a bombastic visual assault on the senses! The highlights were many, which included giant waves that flow into the crowd...it must be seen to be believed.  Eleanor Rigby is also pretty great as the characters are on stage in the flesh; Father McKenzie & Eleanor Rigby, etc...After the show I picked up the 2 disc set of the soundtrack which rocks, and we listened to it on the way back home. The first disc is a cd and the second disc is an audio dvd--mastered in 5.1 Dolby Digital surround sound.Out of all the Cirque shows I've seen, LOVE is my favorite. I'm still high off of it. Everyone should check this out at least once. I can't wait to go back!
5	If I could have I would have given this 4 1/2 stars. Not that I thought less of this show compared to others I have reviewed, but for me personally I would have like to have seen a bit more acrobatics or even dance and much less in-line skating. A personal choice concerning one scene that I just didn't care for at all-you mileage may vary. As I have said before, I have seen all the Cirque du Soleil shows in Vegas, some multiple times, and most all of their road shows. All of them are well worth seeing. As with all their shows the music, sets, costumes, performers are outstanding and meld together a magical theme.In this case the story is made of remastered Beatles recordings from the original tapes and those involved in those original sessions-or their wives. There is even a documentary out that actually follows this process of recreating the music and putting the show together that I found very enlightening. Keep an eye out for it on cable. Incredible job of merging the feel and actual music to the performances on stage. A complete experience that even includes the lobby. Many have already written up this show so I'll simply direct you to a short video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0LCNAClqzrI of scenes.Remember to go to their web site as far in advance as you can and make reservations early for the best seats.
3	I was honestly very disappointed. I love CdS shows. I have seen both O and Mystere and was incredibly impressed by both. In particular I love the stunts/circus type things during the show. This show was just dancing to me. Not very interesting... very overpriced.. and lots and lots of people just dancing. Music was great, but that goes without saying.
4	I am not a Beatles fan (I am sorry!  I didn't grow up here.  I was buried in books trying to pass all my exams.  Who's got the time to listen to music!).  Don't hate me but most of their songs just sound boring to me.  But my fiance is a huge fan of Beatles.  So being an excellent finance that I am, I decided to take him to the the Beatles Love for his birthday!  We both love the Cirque du Soleil shows, so I thought I would enjoy it if not the 'Beatles' part.  The show was fun and the dancing was cute, although I didn't understand the storyline and Allen had to explain to me.  (Ok, ok, you can call me dumb or whatever, I don't care,  But I thought I told you I didn't grow up here!)  In his review here http://www.yelp.com/biz_share?bizid=I00WeLc-Ou70ZJs1WfepiA&reviewid=Y8hXsnxhevr78v7uIQ_A4Q&return_url=%2Fuser_details%3Fuserid%3DAO_Tge7mRTQV4iOy3fg8fA he said they did a great job merging the original music with the performance.  I will take his words for it!  This is not your typical Cirque du Soleil show with lots of acrobatics, but I did enjoy the show and I think you will, too!
5	The highlight of my last Vegas trip. Ingenious choreography that chronicles the Beatles career from mod to peace-and-love to Indian-inspired. There doesn't appear to be a bad seat in the house. I was enthralled and have been singing the songs ever since!
4	I've been told that this show is different from other Cirque shows, more dancing and less acrobatics, but since it's the only one I've seen, I can only speak from experience.The music sounds great, and it's interesting to hear old favorites used to narrate a story.  It doesn't matter where you sit, as there's always so much going on on the stage that you can't possibly watch all of it at once anyway.  The combination of dancing, acrobatics, marionettes, lighting effects and video projections was mesmerizing.  I'm glad I went.My only complaint is that even though the stadium seating allows for a great view, the seats could be a little more comfortable than standard movie theater seats, though I forgot my discomfort by the end of the show.
5	The best Cirque show I have ever seen! Then again I am a die hard Beatles fan (even going so far as taking a pilgrimage to Liverpool and London)  With that being said, this show is a MUST SEE for ANY BEATLES fan who steps foot on the strip. It was such a beautiful experience that I found myself tearing up!! Really it was that amazing! For those of you who are a casual Beatles listener or not really into Rock take note:  I took my cousin along with me (who isn't really into the Beatles (more of a r&b / dance/ Hip hop lover) At first she was complaining about the seats and the price of the tickets saying I hope it worth it..bla..bla...bla  ( you get the drill) So anyway after a short break in one of the songs she turned to me and with complete sincerity said, "Oh, my god. I am speechless. This is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen"  ) Well you couldn't get her to stop raving about it afterward!!!!We had upper level seats, but the view was still amazing. As many others say there is not a bad seat in the house.  At first we thought we were going to have an obstructed view because of large white curtains that were hanging near us but that turned out to be part of a stunning effect!*honestly, if I flew out to Vegas, saw the show and flew back that same night. I would be completely happy. That's how passionate I feel about this amazingly beautiful show!
5	This was not my favorite Cirque show... but before you go ragging on me, I still think it's amazing work.  The stage, sound, screens, and music were all wonderful.  This isn't the typical Cirque show where you see acrobats fly/jump/swim/etc all around you. This show is not just for Beatles fan but for music lovers all around the world...Seeing how well this show has done... and the people in the audience, I can only imagine how HUGE the Beatles was.  Pretty amazing music...
5	What an awesome way to celebrate the Beatles music! This show was one big party! The 60's and Beatles lyrics inspired costumes were great, and I felt like the performers were having a fun time when they were dancing around. This show is definitely not typical acrobatics Cirque, but it was so enjoyable. In-line skating?? Only Cirque...
5	The best part of my weekend was watching this show.  I felt like I was actually "there" in the room with John, Paul, George and Ringo.  To think of their legacy is mind-blowing.  Suddenly as I watched and listened, I thought to myself, "Man..how many songs did they write and perform together?"  (More than 200, I was told)  I know that I'll never think of "Something" in the same way after watching the performance on Saturday.  It was absolutely one of the best shows I've ever seen in my life.  Worth every penny, even though I didn't shell out a dime.  *wink*
5	I had high expectations for the show, and apparently they weren't high enough.  The show was amazing.   There was technically difficulties, and the show was put on hold for approximately 20 minutes but still one of the best shows I have ever seen.  I concur with Gretchen P, there doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the house.  It is impossible to say what my favorite part was, because they keep topping themselves (at this very moment 'Here Comes the Sun' is coming to mind, but tomorrow it will be another section.)  The magic of the Beatles and Cirque du Soleil is definitely captured in this show.
5	Amazing.  Simply beautiful.  Breathtaking.  Gorgeous.  Assault on the senses.  Overpowering.  Graceful.Words can not describe this show.  It was just that perfect.  I don't think I can pick a favorite part, but some that stand for me are "Something", "Eleanor Rigby", "Lady Madonna", and "Come Together".  To be honest though,  every time I'm listening to any of the songs from the show, I can't help but picture the scenes from Love.  We had seats on the lower level but in the last row of the lowers, which seemed to be just perfect for being able to see everything, but still being close to the stage.  It is just stunning.  Go see it, you will thank yourself for the rest of you life.
5	Balcony seats are the best seats hands down. I was nervous since these were the only seats available in a sold out show... but it's worth it and it's cheaper than the the closer seats.. you really give the full picture!
5	What a show!  Cirque du Soleil is amazing.  The Beatles are amazing.  So do you get when you add the two together?  Brilliance, thats what. Our seats were right in the middle of our section, but sitting around the circular "stage" area (and I say "stage" because the whole area transforms throughout the show, with people jumping and dangling from all sides) there seems to be no bad seat.  This was like nothing I had ever seen before.  The Beatles songs selected were among my favorites.If you aren't a Beatles fan already this will probably turn you into one!
5	LOVED LOVE.  we sat in the closer section in the middle and since it's in a round you really don't miss anything. To be honest- i snoozed in O a little but this one had me grooving to the Beatles.  It was an amazing show and worth seeing.
5	Loved it.I'd like to see it again and again and again and again.I didn't want it to end.We were probably the furthest seats possible, and I wasn't too disappointed.  We were able to see the stage in its entirety, which is something the front rows probably didn't get to experience.Loved it.Next time I will probably try and get an aisle closer seat though...It's totally worth the money.
3	Sadly, I did not love Love. I wanted to! It was a great concept, but, you know, should very odd French Canadians really be let loose on the Beatles song book? You tell me.It was totally RANDOM, man. Better vibe for like Pink Floyd or Queen. The opening number was GREAT, electrifying, cleverly live-concert like, and then things fell apart from there.Hypocritically, I thought they could do MORE. The middle sagged, unlike the zero-percent-body-fat performers. And then the scene grew dark. There was a war in the middle for the love of Ringo!The only memorable and new thing I saw was the trampoline bit.Dare I say it? Could it be that Cirque du Soleil is overdone? Spread too thin? They only have a different show at every single casino. Could it be that, I know it's damn near un-American to say it, that Cirque du Soleil is totally played out at this point? Anyone else had enough of Cirque? It's the Will Ferrell of circuses!!!
5	AHHHHHHHH!Cirque's LOVE is the most amazing live show I've ever seen!  I saw it in July of 2007 with a friend of mine.  Our seats were in the second row from the center of the stage, and it was absolutely fabulous.  I sat on the innermost seat of the row, and FELT the WOOSH of the bladers as they skated by me (I'll admit it, I did slightly fear for my life at that point).  Sitting that close to the stage really gets you involved in the show, and if you don't mind the splurge, do it!LOVE is truly a work of genius--the struggles of life and rock n roll are put on display in a magnificently choreographed story told through the words of the Beatles' music.  I laughed, I gasped, I cried, I even blushed!  (The narrator of the show..the fat man...kept kissing my hand as he exited stage and presented me with flowers..is that just part of the show?  I felt the LOVE!)  The creativity and athleticism of the performers is outstanding.  The music is amazing.  The stage and props are incredible.  They even managed to bring the Beatles back on drop down screens to talk to us!I'd see it a million times again.
5	I find it hard to believe that there are ANY bad seats for this show.  I sat all the way in the back with the full swivel chairs and could see everything perfectly.  Since the seats have built in speakers, the sound is never an issue.Yes, the music is recorded.  Obviously.  I wouldn't prefer it any other way.  If you've ever enjoyed just ONE Beatles song, you will absolutely LOVE "LOVE"!My favorite act would be Eleanor Rigby.  Not only is it one of my favorite songs, but this moment burst with overwhelming detail from the set to the characters to the performances.  I got the biggest chills and teary eyes of my life!!Really, I give it 4.5 stars, because some of the acts were a little bleh, and didn't do the songs justice.  But just SOME of them.  And not enough so to disappoint.Super enjoyable experience.  Will entertain everyone.
5	Absolutely amazing, Beatle fan or not. 'Nuff said, just GO. (They have gigantic super-sized frozen margaritas at the concession stand!)
5	This was by far the best show I've ever been to!It was so much fun!!!!
5	Great, great, great show. I went reluctantly because the Beatles were such a great band and I did not want to see their music mis-used. This show was way beyond my expectations.
3	I saw one of the first Cirque du Soleil shows when it first made it's way to Vegas. I remember being blown away by it.While there were a lot of "neat" things in this show and the music composition was great. I just wasn't blown away with this show. But I just felt the show was all over the place with it's themes.I would only recommend it if you are a fan of the Beatles, otherwise I would go see a different Cirque show.
5	I am not a Beatles fan, but this beautiful show made me wish I was. Even the most non-Beatles fan, will be enthralled by the music, the story, and the wondrous colors. I'm normally a big Cirque fan (been to O, Corteo, and Kooza) and I knew coming in, there would not be as much acrobatics, but I was unprepared for the lovely presentation, and especially, the music. I had seats almost to the front of the stage. That definitely added to the appeal. It's nice when you can see the people's faces, and their expressions, and even when they breathe. I think this show would be even better if you're, uh, under the influence of something, because the colors are so vivid, and the music so intimate.
5	I cannot even put into words how much I loved the entire show. I've never had the opportunity to hear the Beatle's music through such an incredible sound system  and at that volume. The perrformance in addition to that just made it spectacular. I was on the edge of my seat the entire time, so excited to find out what the next song would be and how the performers would depict it. The compilation of songs was just perfect. Our seats were as far back as they could possibly be, but that just made it easier to see everything that was going on. There really isn't a bad seat in the house. Since I will never be able to go to a Beatles concert, this was definitely the next best thing! If you are a fan, you MUST see this fantastic show. I plan to see it at least 5 more times :)
3	I always love CDS til this show. I liked this one the least of all the rest I wacthed (O, Le reve, Ka, etc).  I didn't connect with the songs (maybe the gap generations???)  Anyway, I almost fell asleep when I watched it.  I'm overly generous to give 3 stars because of the nice setting and the good choreography. Ps,If this is going to be your first time watching CDS, do not watch this one. Or else, u won't watch other shows.  O is should be on your no. 1 list! :)
5	I love the Beatles and I loved Love! (...and all you really need is love...)I wanted to see Love for awhile. So, when my husband wanted to go to Vegas for a couple of days, I bought tickets. We were in the second section, which seemed perfect. But, as others have said, there probably isn't a bad seat in the house. I was completely mesmerized by this show. I think its one of the better Cirque shows I've seen, and the star of the show is definitely the music. Its a dizzying combination of effects, acrobatics, costumes, choreography and music.  I can't wait to go back and see it again!
5	If you go expecting a typical Cirque du Soleil show (if there even is such a thing), you may be disappointed. If you love the Beatles and grew up with their music on your HiFi and/or iPod... you are in for a treat. For me, Harrison's 'Guitar Gently Weeps' and Ringo's "Octopus' Garden' were highlights.During 'Something,' argueably Harrison's best song as a Beatle, I wondered how such choreography could even be conceived much less performed flawlessly. Four women, in turn, elegantly float to and from the heights in an aerial ballet, moving in and out of the arms of the male dancer at center stage. It was classy, sensual, and graceful. Make sure you follow Sara O's seating instructions. Have fun!
4	"I have to admit...it's getting better...it's getting better...all the time."Unfortunately for us, the LOVE Cirque didn't follow the Beatles tune quite THAT closely. It started out good...the opener is a showstopper, but then didn't really get better.This is a bit of a different-type of Cirque. It's got Cirquelike elements, and there are some seriously spectacular numbers, like their opening and last 2 closing numbers, and a few in the middle like Here Comes the Sun and then the fun Baby You Can Drive my Car...but other than that, they could have made it so much better than it is.There are SO many Beatles songs to choose from... even I know that, and I am not even a real Beatles fan...and they chose some random slow ones that just did not work with the dance and character numbers they paired them with. And the slow contemporary, reflective dance numbers in gauzy white linen?? Hello, I can see that on So You Think You Can Dance for free. Give me WAY more fun, jazzy, crazy Idontknowwheretolookrightnow numbers that are going to keep me from zzzz'ing during a 10pm show.I admit to nodding off for a few minutes here and there as did the gal pals who were with me, so it wasn't just me being a tired old lady.Not on my absolute 'must see' list for Vegas, but if you get stuck there in a pinch, it's a fairly entertaining 1.5 hours for $110.  Not sure about the ROI...kinda expensive for balcony seats though we had a good view.BUT, gotta give props since it's a Cirque and the actors and dancers are seriously talented regardless of the choreography. The music was also awesome piped in super loud and jazzed up with some modern beats that worked.
5	The previous reviews have said it all.For me I thought that O and /or KA were as good as Cirque du Soleil could do but they managed to match the excellence with LoveEvery element...sound...production....comfortable seating...capturing the essence of The Beatles and more.Whats next?????
5	All the Cirque du Soleil shows continues to amaze me.  I have lost count of how many Cirque du Soleil shows I have seen, but the Beatles Love show added an element that all of their other shows don't have.....the ability to sing to their songs in English.  WOW.....what an amazing show!!  So many elements of the show are amazing and I am sure I missed it.  But I assure you will not leave disappointed.  The sights and sounds of the Beatles was at it's absolute best in this show!  On my drive home, I wanted to take out the Beatles albums and sing to them all the way home.  (I am a BIG Beatles fan!)Good Job Cirque du Soleil for creating quality shows that is worth every penny!FYI..... I also hear that Cirque du Soleil are getting new set of  performers for the Beatles Love show in June 2008 and changing it up a little bit.  Other notes for fans of Cirque du Soleil, they are creating a Criss Angel show at Luxor and an Elvis based show at the MGM.
4	If your a Beatle fan you will be crazy about this show.  It has a great opener and then tons of Beatle songs nonstop!  We were sitting very high up but we could still see a the entire stage and it had tons of dancing, jumps in the air, and crazy moves.  It is different from the other Cirque shows I have seen since it is more focused on dancing than acrobatics.  I think it was not perfect and maybe they could have put some other Beatle songs in there.  The other thing was our crowd seemed a bit quiet but it was Monday night and show started at ten so maybe they were a bit pooped.  I will admit I was tired.  Very entertaining and fun!  Not sure if worth $110.00 for 1 1/2 hours unless you are a diehard Beatle fan!
4	How can you not like a tribute to The Beatles, one of the greatest rock bands to ever exist? The show features slightly remixed songs which the performers sang and danced to. It was enjoyable all around.I think this is the coolest of the Cirque du Soleil shows, but maybe I'm biased because I love John, Paul, George and Ringo. Next Cirque show I'd see: 'O' at Bellagio.
5	Must love the Beatles music,if not you might not like it.Not likethe other cirque shows alot less stunts much more about the music
5	LOVE LOVE LOVEWhen in Vegas, get tickets to Love. It is so much fun.The past two times I was in Vegas I went to Love. Now I have the CD playing in my car. My daughter rocks out to it in the back seat. I see her dancing and singing to the Beatles tunes and it makes me smile.There is so much going on in the show that it can be hard to take it all in. Sit back, relax and sing. It is a good time.Splurge and go to Love. No one can get enough.
5	O.M.G.i loooooove LOVE! it was my very first cirque du soliel performance, and it did not dissapoint.the costumes? amazing.the performers? astounding.the music? well, it's the beatles, so you know its pure perfection. the selected songs were wonderful.i highly recommend getting the high priced seats. i sat literally feet away from the stage, and it was completely worth it.i won't go in to details, because i wouldn't want to spoil the experience. but i'll tell you this much: i laughed, i cried, i cried some more, i cheered, i sang, i clapped, i stood up and clapped. bravo!
5	Loved LOVE~!  what a fun great experience....if you love the beatles music you will love this.  It was my first Cirque Du Soleil show and i was beyond impressed!
5	It's worth the quite ridiculous price just to sit and listen to the music played through the crazy sound system.But you might like the show too.Just maybe.(In case you didn't get the hint, GO!  Also no matter where you sit you'll enjoy it but we sat in the middle of the upper orchestra section and could see everything.  Yes I know it's $150 (they clued in and realized that they are worth more than $125 when I went) a person but it's an awesome way to spend an evening.  And yes I know all the useful stuff is parenthetical.  That's the point.)
4	I have never seen a Cirque show, but I have seen FAR more than my fair share of Broadway performances throughout the country. While selecting which cirque show to attend, my first choice Ka was unfortunately dark on the chosen night. Damn. With my remaining options, I had it narrowed to Mystere and Love. I figured-you only live one-bite the bullet, pay the major ticket price, and go for the one with the music you know rocks.This show was a feast for the eyes to be certain.  That said, it was also a visual clusterfuck.  Again, since I haven't been to a Cirque show before it is difficult to know if they're all like this, but it just didn't seem like there was the high quantity of high flying antics and acrobatics as those that I've seen on TV.  Most of the aerialists were in harnesses and were more doing ballet than what I would typically associate with aerialists.  That said, the athletic ability of the artists is undeniable.  Absolutely stunning dancers and displays of strength.  The dancing and choreography was inspired, however I have to admit that I was a little disappointed. Since I was expecting more cirus and less Twyla Tharp, I felt a little bit burned by the ticket price.  It was exactly twice what I've ever spent to see the best broadway productions with the most renound performers in the country and sometimes even in the world, and worked on by the most acclaimed choreographers.  And really? I spend $140 and still get limited view seating?  The layout of the entire theater is in a way that no matter what, you will be in a position to miss some of the action that is happening. I'm glad I paid the extra 30 bucks, however painful it was, to get these seats though-because the limited view balcony seats looked awful and like you wouldn't see anythign at all.The sound design and light design were amazing.  Very innovative use of stagecraft like I would have expected from a cirque show.  All in all very enjoyable performance once I adjusted to seeing more of a ballet than a high flying show.Favorite scenes included: Octupus's Garden, Here comes the Sun, Lady Madonna (the rainboots were precious) and the opening :)
5	ASTOUNDING.You will be so torn when the show is over.  Part of you will be glad it is over so you can go talk about it for the rest of the night.  Part of you will be so sad that it is over and will be trying to figure out if you can get tickets for the next night's show!  It is a perfectly directed and designed show.  You will be amazed at everything that is going on.  To think of the rehearsal time that had to go into the show is astounding.I have seen all the Cirque shows in Vegas and this one brings in the best of all of them in my opinion...the acrobatics of Mystere, the ballet elements of O, and the engineering marvel of Ka.  It ups all of them a notch.The energy in the show is dense and I recommend you let yourself get caught up in it.  It will be a memorable show if you do.
5	LOVE was a great experience for those Beatles fans (myself included). The show featured all of Beatles' hits. The stage and they way they featured the Beatles was phenomenon... as if you're really at one of their concerts. Only thing that lacked was the crazy acrobatic acts I look forward to in any Cirque du Solei shows, but being a huge Beatles fan, I definitely appreciated the show sans the jumping, flipping, etc. (I might've missed some of that due to their creeper cocktails from the concession stands...)
5	I got some tickets for this for my guy for his 21st and he thought this was the best show he'd ever seen. For myself, I enjoyed, but I wasn't sure it was quite worth $300 for 1.5 hours of entertainment.The theater is really small, and you really can see everything from anywhere in it, but if you're anything like me, you'll read ten reviews that say that and still wanna sit as close as possible, but really, it's a tiny theater. Probably why tickets are so much.I will admit I didn't start really getting into the show until the "Something" sequence, which was very well choreographed, but about fifteen minutes in. My favorite, hands down, was the "Tomorrow Never Knows/Within You Without You" sequence-- it was really surprising and such a cool effect, I would imagine, from both sides (we were above the effect).Everybody loves the Beatles, and anyone who says they don't is just trying to be cool, but they're dumb. How can you not like this show?The "While My Guitar Gently Weeps" sequence was also pretty crazy and unexpected!Overall, I was very entertained. I don't know if I would be willing to pay to see the show again, but I really enjoyed it. I also really want that silver Beetle that's in the show.Oh, some of the characters were kind of weird and unexplainable. The Father McKenzie character? WTF? The guy all in white that kept pouring tea? The KKK? Kinda freaky circus-y. I guess that's what makes it Cirque.Still incredible performances. Five stars!
5	A 90 minute sensory overload. Words can't begin to describe all the crazy shit that goes down in this show. I had high expectations for this show and Cirque met them all. TIP: book your tickets in advance and call the theatre operator. The lady I talked to saw the show 3 or 4 times and knew the best places to sit. I sat first row, $99 seats. It was perfect cuz you get a full view of the stage and screens and you save a couple bucks too.I wasn't a big Beatles fan. I knew some songs, but not all. This show will definitely make you a fan and appreciate the beatles' legacy. Some say there isn't enough signature Cirque acts, but I think there was a good balance between dance and circus. There will be some beautiful  parts, some butt-clenching parts, some 'WTF that's so crazy but I love it' parts, and some feel good parts. GO SEE IT NOW!
5	Love, love, love this show.  I saw it about a year and a half ago and am going again in a month.  The sights and artistic performances pumped me up and I leave with that 'feel good' feeling.  I've seen many Cirque shows and love the uniqueness of LOVE.  I've never been a huge Beatles fan but I LOVE this show!  It's modern, highly visual and you are encompassed by the performance from your seat.The ladies at the ticket booth told us that the best seats for this performance are not the ones closest to the stage (which are the most costly).  Because so much of the show is done in the air, be kind to your neck and back and pay for a seat further back.  Your body will thank you for it.
3	I've never been a huge Beatles fan (I mean, I like them well enough) and maybe that was my problem. I think to really love this show you've got to love all the songs and know them inside and out. I've seen a few other cirque shows and so I know how they can wow, and I was a little let down by this performance -- for instance, it's got nothing on Eaux (O), one of their other Vegas shows. There is lots of stuff going on on the stage at once, a nice variety of numbers, and the performers are obviously very talented, but as a whole, as a show, I would only recommend this to die-hard Beatles fans. I enjoyed Eaux and Blue Man Group both more than Love.
3	It wasn't what I expected. Plus I'm not a huge Beatles fan, I like some of their songs, but I don't know em thoroughly. It seemed like a more grand broadway musical. The dancing was great, but there was so much going on on the stage at once, it was hard to see everything. Plus our seats were right next to the stage, so that didn't help. The show just didn't have that Cirque "wow" factor for me.
5	Not a huge fan of The Beatles either but enjoyed the entire show. This was the second time I had seen it, was in row E on the floor. I enjoyed how busy the show was, and was glad it was not as "Cirque" as other shows. Plenty of other Cirque shows to see in Vegas. I have sat up high and also on the floor, I can see the benefits of both. Being far up you can see more of the show, but down close felt like being part of it all. Loved this show!
5	This is going to sound trite, but I loved LOVE.  Yes, I loved everything about this show!  It wasn't very Cirque, but for me, that was a good thing.  I had the most expensive nap of my life during "O" last year.  The soundtrack - and the energy - was absolutely electric.  Purists may not agree, but I thought it was a huge thrill to get to hear a somewhat new take on old favorites.  The soundtrack was created from original Beatles master recordings, so the music feels fresh, but familiar, and the banter among the band mates is exciting to hear.   I even bought the soundtrack from the gift store on the way out of the show...and now I have everyone at work singing along.Now if only I could figure out what it means to be "Sitting on a cornflake, waiting for the van to come".  But if the van in question is on it's way back to Vegas, I'm on it!
5	I've only watched other Cirque du Soleil shows on tv, but from what I can tell, Love seems a little different, but is still equally entertaining.  What a fantastic show!  I am a huge Beatles fan and I had such a good time.  The soundtrack was so good - they included psychadelic tracks (my fave, Tomorrow Never Knows), which is what I hoped for.For those of you who aren't hardcore fans, I think you will still enjoy the show because it's also a fun visual experience.  The costumes and props are absolutely beautiful and tie into the performances.  There are several types of dance featured, but my favorite were the aerial acrobatics.The venue is designed well because there isn't a bad seat in the house.  The stage is in the center of the audience, which is seated stadium-style and no matter where you sit, you will either get a good view of stuff happening on the stage or stuff happening in the air.  There are large screens that add visual effects, there are speakers in the headrests of the seats.Going into the performance, I had pretty high expectations and I feel that they were met.  As soon as the show was over, I wanted to watch it again.. and again.. and again!  When I go back to Vegas, I'm definitely watching this again.
5	Cirque du Soleil - Love at the Mirage is a great show for Beatles fans. It is a beautiful theater, well designed show, nice costumes, very fun and has a eighties feel. The show is more of Broadway musical feel to it and is memorable but not exciting.It is worth seeing and not for everyone. The Mirage is a nice Casino but not a favorite.
4	I loved this show, but I can understand that it's also not for everyone.  But, I'll cover the good news before the bad.  The theater was great, and I don't think it was possible that there was a bad seat in the house.  There were speakers in the backs of the seat headrests as well as in the front, so they didn't have to blast the volume to make it audible by all.  Just the detail that was put into the show was amazing, and it was visually a work of art.  They also incorporated some real candid recordings of the Beatles into the show and had a lot of great sub-stories to build on the main theme.  The spread of songs was good as some were from their pop days and some from their 70's trip days.  I'm more familiar with the pop songs, but enjoyed everything.I've never seen any other Vegas shows or Cirque shows, but I've heard a lot of them contain a lot of action and stunts.  LOVE is much more about the acrobatics than death-defying stunts.  So, if you're ok with watching a show that's not based on excessive stunts and you don't expect the whole show to be pop Beatles, I think you'll definitely love this show.
3	I wanted to see "O" but my boyfriend's lackluster response, made me think that LOVE would be a better compromise, considering the Beetles theme. I'd seen Varekai at Marymoor Park in the Seattle area before, so I knew what we were in for and I was pretty excited. The show was cool, but is definitely more musical production style than traditional cirque du soleil style. The soundtrack is amazing of course! I think I was just looking forward to more acrobatics than dancing, so I was a little let down. So, yes, it's good, but if you like the bendy wendy types that are normally in these performances, LOVE may not be your best choice.
5	There is not much to say. The show was amazing, completely whimsical, took my husband and I out of our everyday lives and placed us in a fantasy. I have seen other cirque de soleil shows, but I truly enjoyed this. Amazing a MUST SEE!
5	Sooooo amazing.  I was really hesitant at first, because I love the Beatles, know a lot about them (took a freakign Beatles history class when I lived in London), but my boyfriend was not that familiar with their music.I laughed, I gasped, I teared up from the first moment to the last.  I've seen Mystere before, and it had less stunts, more dance, WAY better music, no scary clowns or babies, and had a very fun, young vibe.  Love, love, love the "Something" number... very sexy!
5	Truly as good as it gets!!  5 Stars because...- the 360 degree view seating provides a more intimate feel- they didn't try to "cover" any of the songs and used real clips of the Beatles songs (if it ain't broke, don't fix it)- the song selection and mix kept the show pace appropriate - the artistic interpretations of the songs were interesting and not trite- lastly, the $15 frozen margarita came in a Beatles LOVE cup and was absolutely delicious!This show is a stunning visual display of artistic interpretations of Beatles songs using a combination of dancing, acrobatics, and acting.  This isn't a traditional-traditional Cirque, so if you're looking for jaw-dropping acrobatics then perhaps KA or Zumanity would better interest you.I gave it a standing ovation.*UPDATE*Saw the Beatles LOVE show, AGAIN!  This 2nd time around we got our tickets like way late (an hour before show start) and we got amazing seats.  I'm talking 3 rows up from stage floor seats.  I could feel the gentle 'whoosh' of air coming from the performers as they danced, and did acrobats literally 4 feet in front of me.  All of the details of this show are worth a good seat.  Music compilation and acting was still en pointe.   There is a great deal of symbolism and artistic references to Beatles culture and U.S. history in the show that you catch more the 2nd time around.  Again, if you're a fan of Beatles music, LOVE is a surefire way to your heart.
5	My hubby took me to watch LOVE for my birthday and I love it!  The show was amazing and I enjoyed every moment of it.  The music, the dancing, the acrobats were  all fantastic!  It seems like wherever you will sit, you will have a good view.  If you like the Beatles even just a little bit, then it's a show you must go see.  It is such a fun, entertaining show that I would definitely watch it again!
5	I absolutely adored this show.Don't even think that you need to be a Beatles fan.  In fact, the show is so spectacular that the fact that it's about the Beatles is almost a secondary thought.I've never seen any other Cirque productions, but I've heard that LOVE is more dance- and musical theater-oriented than the other shows.  Well, I love dance, and I love the Beatles -- so I found this show FANTASTIC!It's all very sixties, very colorful, at times exuberant, at times somber and always visually stunning.  The music is GREAT!  The songs don't deviate far from the originals, but they are arranged in interesting and different ways.My favorite number was Something -- it just made me think of my own life, and brought tears to my eyes.  Kind of fitting, since George is my favorite Beatle and Something is my favorite song, but this number was absolutely GORGEOUS.  Loved Lady Madonna and Octopus's Garden, too.And a tip -- don't waste your money on tickets up close.  We were in the last row of non-obscured seats, and our view was great.  EVERY seat is a great seat!
5	This show was great!!!  With the huge screens on the sides and the music just the way I like it, LOUD AND PROUD!  My mom was bummed because she thought there would be more acrobatic things going on but I thought there was enough!  The roller bladders were the coolest!I'm glad I sat up high instead of close to the stage because I did not have to be looking up a lot like they were, plus they get covered with a sheet at one point and I don't think they can see what is going on.I got one of the big drinks that was a Pina Colada, DON'T EVER DRINK A PRE-MADE FROZEN SHUGGERY DRINK THEY ARE ALWAYS BAD.  I wish I got a hard alcohol drink.  But the drink was good for a little while but then it got to be too much.But the show was great, I recommend it!  But if you looking for a very Cirque du Soleil show I don't think this is the one.
5	I wasn't sure how Cirque was going to incorperate the Beatles into their stages performances but they did an amazing job! It's a must see show, not only of Las Vegas, but of the world! It made me want to live my life better!! lol. really.
5	Just saw this show a few days ago and I am still in love with it!Everything about the show was perfect.  It was a new experience compared to other Cirque shows that I have seen.  The other Cirque shows I have seen were traveling shows so the stage was not permanent.  I thought that the moving stage and people flying from all angles in this show was awesome.There was not one boring act in the entire show!I also like the fact that there was no intermission (1.5 hrs straight) Being that my friend and I were slightly younger than the other people in our area we were still moved to tears at the end..(the cute older woman next to us was recalling how much she was in love w/ the Beatles and how the show just reminded her of her younger days)I would highly recommend this show to anyone who is looking for a great show!
5	I've never been to a Cirque du Soleil show so I had no preconceived ideas on how the show should go. I am however a big fan of The Beatles. I went to the show on the 7th of July. I was more than impressed. I've got the soundtrack playing right now. As far as the seating went, we were on the front row of the balcony section. I don't think I would have wanted to be any higher than that but not really a bad seat in the house. I'm also glad I wasn't in the front row. Middle the road would have been absolutely the best. This is a must see show for ANY Beatles fan. My only complaint and suggestion is this - Because this show was so great, I left in great pain. DO NOT drink anything before sitting down for the show. Make sure you hit the bathrooms before it starts. I think it was 10 minutes into the show and it hit me. Heed my advice!!GREAT SHOW!!
5	I saw it a few days ago with my girlfriend and her coworkers. Actually, it was my second time, so I was worried that I might find it boring. Quite the contrary, it's an experience that will not get old. The pageantry and creativity that's made Cirque du Soleil one of the top Vegas shows is there. So if you've seen O, KA, Zumanity, or the local Kooza-Corteo shows, you'll be in for a treat.If you are a hardcore fan of the Beatles, rock, musicals, etc., this is also the show for you. The visuals are incredible, as is the music. Original Abbey Road recordings made this one of the best values for a show in Vegas. I'd highly recommend it!!!
3	I love Cirque du Soleil and I was really excited for this show. What I didn't realize was that the show would be much more of a music and dance production and less of a Cirque du Soleil performance. What I mean by this is that there were very few acrobatic tricks or death-defying stunts. That is what I expect in a Cirque show and that is why I only gave it 3 stars. That being said, the show was beautiful. The costumes were amazing and the sets and special effects were spectacular. I would recommend the show, but I would just manage expectations by explaining that it has fewer tricks than other Cirque shows. If you have never seen a Cirque show, I would recommend seeing a different one first so that you will be blown away.
5	This is the most magical show I have ever seen. If you love the music of the Beatles, You will love being here. Its truly an amazing experience. The Power of the lyrics and the performers work together like fireworks of sweet flavor! I was so impressed. I didn't want it to end. I felt excited and intrigued by every move. This Show made this my Favorite Vegas Trip i have ever been on. And If i get the chance I will see it again!
5	The Beatles show is AMAZING!  I am a huge Beatles fan and I think that the Cirque du Soleil cast did an absolutely terrific job at performing to some of The Beatles most awesome songs ever.I will admit that I cried and then I allowed a stranger to buy me the soundtrack afterward because I had no cash on me...I know, "shame, shame"No regrets, I'll go back for sure.
5	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show ever and had read many review saying it was more "theatrical" than the others (which is true...I later on saw La Nouba in FL a month later), but hey, it was Valentine's Day, my first time in Vegas with my husband, this was the show to go.We got tickets for level 2 seats which were great--not too close, not too far, though it's a 360 arena so I guess there really wasnt a bad seat in the house.The show started and it was sensory overload. The sights, the sounds, it was AWESOME! My husband and I are only in our 20's, but damn, the Beatles had some freakin' awesome hits! We both loved it and I bought the soundtrack later on.My husband's not for theatrical stuff, but he admitted that he liked it more than he thought he would. He said whenver he got bored with the drama, he listened to the music :o)I'd highly recommend it to everyone! It was a truely wonderful experience.
5	Wow. I can't begin to describe the wonderful experience I had here. I have always been a Beatles fan, but after seeing this, it really got me into looking at the era and all of the happenings in the counterculture. Anyways, the show itself was fantastic! I've never seen anything so beautiful. The music is a mix of popular songs and clips from their original recordings in Abbey Lane. The whole show follows the "summer of love" theme and is performed following a story. The tricks were neat to watch too ;) I was so poor at the time I saw this, I seriously wanted to buy out their gift shop. My eyes were humongous when I walked in! I had to get a copy of the soundtrack, and whenever I listen to it, I smile like a fool.This is one of those things in life that you have to experience yourself. If you find yourself in Vegas, I highly suggest that you put this on your itinerary. The stage is in the center of the seating area and everything they do is symmetrical, so no matter where you are seated, you'll have a great view. Now to get myself to Vegas somehow and see this again...
4	As someone who has never enjoyed Cirque du Soleil but loves the Beatles, I was somewhat apprehensive about seeing this.   I wound up loving it.    The already amazing music of the Beatles was coupled with spectacular dancing and acrobatics, creating some absolutely breathtaking set pieces.  I was also tickled to discover that if you are familiar with the history and trivia of the Beatles, you'll see parallels in some of the vignettes to famous moments in the life and times of the Fab Four.  It was an exhilarating show, and I'm happy to have been able to have seen it!
5	I don't even know that I can put into words how much I LOVED this show.  : )  I wish I could give it more than 5 stars, I know that much.  It was simply magical, joyful, breathtaking at times....absolutely AMAZING in every way.  There's just something about the incredible talent of the performers mixed with the beautiful music and lyrics of the Beatles that just takes you to another world for the time you are there.A definite MUST-SEE in Vegas....worth every penny....Can't wait to see it again....  : )
5	One of the best shows I have ever seen in Vegas. I saw it for a 2nd time recently and didn't get as much of a thrill as I did the first time but I still enjoyed the show very much! I came into the show not being a Beatles fan but after the show I can't stop listening to their songs on my ipod! If you are a Beatles fan I would definitely check out this show. Lots of cool acts and entertainment.I believe this is one of the more expensive Cirque du Soliel shows due to it's popularity but I was able to get 2 balcony seats for about $110 each. I have also sat in the limited view seats that are around $95 that were also not bad, but not as exciting as the other seats since you cannot see the whole stage.
3	This show was to be our big "Vegasy" attraction on our recent trip to sin city. It was highly recommended by my brother who is a Vegas veteran, so my bf and I got tickets (for $112 each), and we went. It was my first Cirque show, his second. He had seen Zumanity on a prior trip. Love was good but  not spectacular. I went expecting tons of acrobatics and high flying tricks and such and all it was, was people dancing to the Beatles music. I could listen to the Cd at home for that. It was disappointing. Some things were cool to see, like the roller bladers doing some tricks during one song, but it wasnt exciting in your face as I thought it would be. There werent many arielists at all. Wouldve liked more bang for our buck. Save your $$ and see something else.
5	I'm in love with LOVE.  Now that we've seen every Cirque du Soleil show offered in Las Vegas, this ranks as number three on my list.  Right after O and KA.  This is a visually stunning show.  Don't expect it to be all acrobatics and physical performances like other shows offered by Cirque.  This show is really a tribute to the Beatles and their music.  Great interpretations of the songs - great sound system (with speakers right in the backs of the seats in front of you).  This show really honors the time when the Beatles were at the top.  Wonderful costumes and staging.At times, there's so much going on on the stage that you're not sure where to look.  And a couple of parts could have been done better, but on the whole 90% of it was amazing to me.We were in the second row from the stage, and while my husband loved it - I found it a little too close.  Maybe a couple rows back would give a better view of the theater as a whole.  Tickets, like the other Cirque shows on the strip, are not cheap, but worth every penny.  Next Cirque show on the list...  Believe/Cris Angel.
5	OK, I just came back from Las Vegas not too long ago. One of the things I did was see Love. If you were to compare it to Mystere, Love doesn't have as many 'circus acts'. But if you pay attention,  you will see some of the similarities between them.  You will really like it if you like Beatles music. If you don't, you might rate it at 2-3 stars. The sound btw, was awesome; speakers in your headrest and in front of your seat!
5	Being a huge Beatles fan growing up, I was so excited to hear that Cirque made a Beatles tribute show.Afterwards, having caught a glimpse of the show on The Tonight Show,  I was so unimpressed, I had been to Vegas about 20 times since it openned at had absolutely no desire to see it. This last trip last weekend, we had tickets to Jersey Boys saturday night, and nothing planned Friday night, so we decided to go at the last minute.  We managed to get really nice seats the second level up.From the time the MC came out to the time of the last curtain call, I was simply amazed at what they did to the music.Lucy in the Sky was fantastic, Something and Come Together were outstanding.  Seriously never a dull moment. I would definitly not go if you weren't atleast interested in the Beatles, and seriously boo to those who rated the show down because people weren't jumping 200 ft in the air?  This show definitly didn't need it.
2	Okay, I've been neglecting my review writing lately but had to pick up the keyboard and yelp out against the travesty that is a 5 star review given to LOVE.First of all, nothing against my fellow yelpers out there but how can you give even 4 stars to a show that touts the Cirque du Soleil title but fails to give anything acrobatic or show stoppingly amazing than a few rollerbladers on ramps!?There are many ways to lose money in Vegas...Blackjack, Paigow, Craps...and unfortunately...LOVE. I've never felt so ripped off in my life! well, besides that time I ordered sea monkeys but I digress...LOVE is basically like listening to a Beatles CD at home while watching Soul Train and flipping to the X-games during commercial breaks. Ugh! If you want to pay $100 bucks to do this, be my guest. But do not deceive others by saying this was a great show for the money. Trust me, I've seen every Cirque show in Vegas...spend the extra money to watch "O" or less to watch Mystere even. You will be amazed, entertained, and witness to true death defying acts...Most importantly, you'll feel that it was worth the price.Sorry Beatles, no LOVE from this guy. Go dance around and rollerblade to "I wanna hold your hand" on someone else's dime.
5	We did the Tapis Rouge package for LOVE and it was worth what it costs. You start in the Revolution Lounge with full open bar and small bites. We'd already had dinner, but the folks next to us said the food was just OK. The room is super groovy and as a prior yelper said, they go above and beyond to make you free welcomed. Make sure you sit at one of the interactive tables. The tech guy came by right away and explained how it worked. It has a touch sensitive computer display for a top and was really fun to play with. Kind of like electronic finger painting. When it gets close to showtime, a host comes to get you and escort you into the show. No lines :) They gave us our gift at this point. It was the Program book, some coasters and a Tapis Rouge Martini glass. Tough to get home on the plane.The show itself was amazing. There really isn't a bad seat in the place. When you do Tapis they offer you front row, which seems really cool, but I suggest going back a bit to be able to get a better overall view. We sat in the first row of the second section. Great view and super comfy seats.FYI this really isn't a Cirque show. It has some elements of Cirque, but is really more theater. Even Hubby, who usually never likes this type of thing, loved it. He said he would see it again!
4	You don't have to be a die hard Beatles fan to give a little LOVE to this show... The costumes, performers, music, and special effects were all pretty amazing.  I do agree with the other reviewers that the acrobats in this show do not compare to some of the other Cirque shows, but go in with an open mind and enjoy... especially if you're not the one who has to buy the tickets ($141 dollars each) - thanks Dad!This is a fabulous show for people of all ages - my entire family enjoyed it and I'm sure you will too!  Don't forget to stop at the 'Love Boutique' on your way out - I didn't buy anything but they've got great Beatles paraphernalia... my sister brought home a really cute tank top as a souvenir.  Now I'm kind of jealous - if you go, let me know, maybe I'll have you bring one back for me!
5	Why it never occurred to me to write a review on this is beyond me. Maybe I was so mesmerized by the performance that, not until a year plus later was my mind about to calm down and actually formulate words about this experience. My eyes were wide and childlike the entire time. I never stopped laughing, smiling or singing along."Blackbird" twirling gracefully around the stage, a very sexually charged hippie love fest to "come together," clowns, cars, motorcycles, "sargent pepper's lonely hearts club band" marching about the stage, boisterous jumping and wall-climbing to "Back in the USSR," A beautifully choreographed trapeze act to "something in the way."How about covering the entire audience in a white silky flowing sheet as they changed sets, only to reveal a pitch black auditorium speckled with tiny stars...you guessed it: "Lucy in the Sky." At one point during this sheet entire spectacle, my friend's slightly-stoned brother looked over at us in complete bewilderment (eyes all red-tinged and glassy) and exclaimed:"I'm Freakin' Out Mannnnnnnnn"That about sums it up.
5	Wow. Friggin WoW.I just went last weekend during Labor Day Weekend & it was the best investment when wanting to get away from Nevada trash.Cirque du Soleil shows, in general, are brilliant but the Beatles Love show is superb! It was a concert, a blast into history slash acrobatic act.It tells a story by going through all their songs and the stage set up is amazing! I would recommend this to anyone. Not to mention every seat in the house is a good seat. Its very intimate!
5	Brilliantly conceived, high energy, creative fun!!  I really liked O, but I loved LOVE.  LOVE has periods where it is ethereal and highly introspective like most other Cirque du Soleil shows.   Love, however, balances the trade mark Cirque du Soleil etherialness with the focused high energy of the Beatles.  This makes LOVE a more uplifting stronger focused experience than any other Cirque du Soleil show that I have seen yet!I recommend the middle level (and priced) seats so you can see all the action.The Here Comes the sun Captain Morgan's with Mango and OJ cocktail  that they serve at the LOVE concession was great.  PS  Without sounding crass, I recommend that you make sure you visit the bathroom before the show starts especially if you plan to partake of these delicious lyric inspired 14-36oz drinks.  The show is full length!
5	i LOVE this show. I would go back to Vegas (even in boiling hot summer) just to see this show again!  This show is so much fun and I got teary at the end because it was very moving.  I love every single song they use for this show. It's hard to describe it in words. You just gotta watch the show. It's so fantastic!
5	The first 2 chords of music and I was fighting back my tears to avoid looking like the drunk dumb bitch I am.  This was the most electric eye candy my eyes have ever tasted.  It is so overwhelmingly beautiful I don't know how else to describe it other then use a lot of overly redundant words...I grew up loving the Beatles.  I own all their movies.  You will appreciate this show as much as I did and be begging for more.The tickets are a bit on the pricey side but the show is about an hour and forty minutes so you get your monies worth.  There is so much to take in I will have to see it again fo sho.
4	Cirque du Soleil - The Beatles LOVE was an experience that both young and old can enjoy.  You catch yourself and others singing along with familiar tunes and  discovering others that you probably never heard of if you are not a hardcore Beatles fan like myself.  The use of props (the assembly of the volkswagen bug, the white sheet covering the audience, etc.) was amazing.  The performers were nothing short of spectacular though at times I thought there were too many people on stage at one time.  You tend to see too many acts happening at one time and feel like you missed something if you focus on any one act.  I would really like to see LOVE again, mainly to catch things I missed the 1st time around.  In the meantime, I continue to listen to the CD/DVD that I purchased after the show.  I usually don't buy anything afterwards (except maybe for pictures with the show as a back drop) but the music is definitely a must-have if you really enjoyed the show.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed this show from beginning to end.  No other stage setup in the world like this one and the performers use every inch of it.  It is pretty different from other Cirque shows w/ the biggest thing for me being that there were no edge of your seat omg they might die kinda thing.  This was more of just a great artistic vision of the Beatles songs which was just fine by me.  We did the $100 balcony seats based on a lot of recs from Yelpers and I was glad we did cuz of that one scene...
5	I LOVED THIS SHOW! Such a great way to spend my b-day. I had no real expectations although I had seen circque shows before, not in Vegas though. This was an amazing theatre, amazing sound, amazing stage, amazing music, amazing dance, everything!! really....I would see it again and maybe a couple more times after that. We had cheap seats but there are no bad seats in the house. OK, I admit it,  those Kanooks really know how to put on a show. Here is my next cirque idea "a bob marley cirque" it could be called Kaya - How cool would that be?
5	Spectacular!  This was my first Cirque show and I didn't have any expectations.  This was purely a visceral experience from the visuals to the sound.  We sat pretty high up and far from the stage, but our view was unobstructed.  I only wished it was longer.
4	This was a very good show.  I enjoyed it.  My only disappointments were the lack of acrobatics and contortionist tricks and the extremely chilly theater.To start off, I don't want to give too much credit to the good music because, I mean, it's the Beatles.  You can't really miss if you've got that as your starting point - I almost feel like they're cheating with that as their basis.  Still, I did enjoy the music and left thinking that I really need to beef up my collection of Beatles songs.  The obvious trick is to interpret the Beatles songs in a beautiful and artistic way, and this show certainly accomplished that.  It was visually stunning - colorful, dreamy, sparkly, enticing.  The show flowed very well and the sets were gorgeous.  We probably got the worst seats available in our price range and, having seen it once, I would maybe return but would go for the balcony seats.  It's just not the kind of show where I think it makes a huge difference if you're really close because there is so much going on all over the place.While it was beautiful and I enjoyed watching everything that was displayed for me, I was expecting there to be more acrobatics, contortions and feats of strength since it is a Cirque du Soleil show.  Had I known going in that there just wouldn't be many of those, I would not have been waiting for them and maybe would not have been as disappointed.  In that sense, it is very unlike other Cirque du Soleil shows.  It's more like musical theater but with recorded music and choreography and imagery and effects, kind of like Movin' Out with ballet set to contemporary music, except that it was prettier and didn't suck and there was not really any ballet.  It was nice, but I might check out some other Cirque du Soleil shows to get my fill of acrobatics before returning to see this one again.  With Love, you definitely are going for Beatles music and for the scenery, which is all very lovely.
5	Sensory overload.  I'm extremely happy I sought closer seats at the later show.In a word, incredible.
5	Outstanding!  My first live Cirque show...expensive as fuck, but totally worth the money.  Who gives a shit if there were less acrobatics than at other shows?  I don't...the show was engaging, visually stunning (in a few spots, it's like you're trippin'), and very energetic.  Absolutely worth the money and time.Get your tickets online or through one of the places on the strip that sell tickets to get them for a discount.
3	What I love about this show?* The music - this brought of many fond memories so many years back.* The stage - interesting concept.* We were seated at the top level. I liked this better as we got to see everything that was happening on the stage.* Audio-Visual effects - images posted on those sheer screens while the music and the acts were going on.Dislike?* Again, we were seated at the top level and still paid more than $120 EACH for the tickets* The acts were mostly acrobats hanging from the rafters with their elastic bands, etc. There's not much variety here..My friend and I both think that "O" was better.. If you have not seen one Cirque show, this is the one to see!!
5	One of the best show/performance I've ever seen. I enjoyed it alot. I love love love.. couldn't comment more about how great the show is. although i am not exactly the beatle generation. I enjoyed every moment of it. Don't want to give too much away. you won't be disappointed =)
5	Oh my God, this show is spectacular!  You pretty much have to go see it...if you have the money, that is...it's pretty pricey, but oh so worth it.
5	If you are looking for Chinese acrobats as in other Cirque du Solei shows, don't go to this show.  But if you love the Fab 4 and a great visual show interpreting a variety of their songs- you have to see this show.  Although our seats were good there didn't seem to be a bad seat in the house.   The costumes were amazing - a visual masterpiece and the sound was INSANE (just like the ticket prices!) I especially love how they took sound bites of the Beatles talking and incorporated it into the show.  Oh how I wish I could have been brought up when music was really meaningful...(sigh).
5	MIND BLOWING!!!  This was my first Cirque show (and my second!)  I am a big Beatles fan so I am biased.  The sound was amazing, all of the tracks have been remixed for this theater specifically and it sounds amazing.  The visuals are beyond belief: the video screens, the artistry, the acrobatics, the stage crafts, it was too much for the senses to take in at once, so I had to see it again.  I hate Vegas, but I would go to Vegas just to see this again.
5	Love is my favorite Cirque show thus far.It's not as acrobatic as the rest that I've seen; it's much more romantic, with an eclectic range of dancers moving in sensual rhythm to Beatles music.  But it's not just Beatles music; it's amazingly remixed, melded, and reconfigured Beatles music.  What they achieved with the music was stand-alone impressive.There are so many aspects of this show that are mind blowing, and it all happens in three dimensions.  The show on the floor is not the same as the show in the air.  But I promise it's all engaging.Yes, it's expensive.  But go feel the experience; it's really a once-in-a-lifetime-type fantasy, Beatles fan or not.
4	4.5 Stars.If you are a fan of the Beatles, then this show is a no brainer. It's a must.In our group we have a couple who only knew of one or two songs prior to attending LOVE, and not particularly fans of the Four. They enjoyed the show, but not to the same degree as those who has listened to multiple albums (i.e. Me). The show is definitely more eye-candy than acrobatics than other Cirque shows. As one girl put it, "This is probably the closest I'll get to tripping on acid". During many moments, there is an explosion of action on the stage and in the air. Color lights the walls, splashes all over the floor, performers don every color of the rainbow. The music is exactly what you expect, great songs from the Beatles. Much thanks to a previous review, I highly recommend buying tickets on the top balcony on the front row. You get to see the whole picture, especially during "That" scene. I didn't give this 5 stars is because it doesn't cater to everyone, my girl said she would rather see KA again than LOVE.Overall, another positive notch on my list of Cirque shows whose batting streak is pretty much flawless for entertainment.
5	Great show!!! All seats are good seats.  If you stay at the Mirage you might be able to get a deal on your tickets.  We got ours for $95 vs. the regular $175!
4	4.5 starsMind-blowing.  Ultra-sensory.  Uplifting.  Captivating. Trippy.  Beautiful.  Colorful.  Heartwarming.  Ornate.  Awe-inspiring.  Psychedelic.  Cute.  Creative.  Emotional.  High-tech.  Reminiscent.  Sexy.  Masterful.  Expensive.  Worthwhile.Not enough words can express how amazing this show is.  Beatles fan or not, this show will make you a fan.  You leave the show feeling extremely happy and like you're walking on air.  I have never seen so many smiling faces coming out of a theater.  But then again, maybe people were happy because they were high, because this show would be a magic mushroom eater's wet dream.  My only complaint is that there were not enough acrobatic stunts, which you'll find in shows like Mystere and O.  But Love is definitely a very large and very well-executed theatrical production that is not to be missed.    The theater for Love is smaller than most other Cirque du Soleil productions, so there really is no bad seat in the house.  But I'd advise not to sit in the very front (you don't want to be at eye level with the stage) and not in the balcony seats (you want to be close enough to see the littlest of the many little details).  Anywhere in between is a great seat.  We paid $142.50 each for tickets in Section 208, Row S."All you need is love, love, love is all you need."
4	After reading all the great reviews for this show, I was really excited to see what this was all about. I thought the performers did a great job in expressing the music, but I didn't understand the plot or if there was a plot? The costumes, props, and performers were definitely amazing though! I fell in love again with a lot of songs I haven't heard in awhile. We sat in section 205, which is a corner section, for $100.
4	One of the best deals in Las Vegas - go to the Mirage web site and pick up 25% off your tickets on certain nights - and there are a lot of dates to select from.The bar provides some nice quality drinks ( at a reasonable price - $12 and $13 ) and they only help to enhance your experience.I got an excellent seat ( I think) near the stage and one of the runways used by the performers to enter and exit the stage. Thinking about this whole show - it was like watching the Beatle movies coming to life right in front of you. Being a big fan of beatles music, it was enjoyable to see the interpretations of the music played out in front of you.The "high wire" rope work throughout the show was amazing and the coordination between the four roller blade specialists was the highlight of the show. This performance is much different from Mystere, Ka or "O". If you enjoy acrobatic acts you will enjoy the performance at O or Mystere. Ka is amazing theater production - but if you enjoy interpretive dance, you will really enjoy this program.I would rank this show 4th. behind O, Ka, and  Mystere. That being said - all the Cirque du Soleil shows are such high quality productions, with so much going on all different parts of the stage, you will see something different each time you come back and view the show. I must admit, I really enjoyed this show knowing  I watched it for much less than most of the people siting in my section.Beatles LOVEA relaxing, enjoyable show. That's all I know..........
4	This was the first actual Cirque du Soleil show that I have attended in person.  I have seen several of the shows on DVD like La Nouba, Verekai, Solstrom and Journey of Man.  That said, Beatles Love had several elements of the other shows but in very mild forms.  This show was more about fancy choreography and the music rather than inspiring feats of human agility.  The stage is in the center of the theater and has several moving platforms which create several unique scenes.  There is a massive aerial operation but again, nothing spectacular, mainly just performers being dragged up and down hanging with little physical rope work.  Obviously with the show being built around existing music, there is nothing to complain soundtrack wise.  Just wish there were more awe-inspiring feats.  It was mostly just eye-candy and ear-candy.  The music was loud, crisp and felt like I was at a concert.  As for our seats, we were a few rows from the rear but any closer and you be straining your neck to look up, left, right, behind you, under you and you'd miss half the show.  As for entertainment value, it was pretty good.  Anything that keeps me away from the tables for 90 minutes is great for my wallet.  The show had it's moments which kept my attention.  Having seen this show, I do want to see "O", or "Mystere" or "KA" or the Chris Angel show.  I'd rather be blown away with eye-popping stunts than loud music.  Oh, and I'm not a huge Beatles fan but I still enjoyed the show.
5	Let me start by saying two things:1) I am a HUGE Beatles fan!2) I wasn't a big Cirque fan before I saw this show.  I am Now!  However, I can understand some of the negative reviews.  If you aren't a Beatles fan, you may not completely appreciate the show, but if you are you will love it!!!  It brought me back to my childhood when I would sneak into my brothers room in our basement to listen to SGT. Peppers over and over again!  My wheelchair accessible seat was excellent!
4	My husband and I are fans of The Beatles, and that made this the best Cirque show we've ever seen.  The mix of their career's music was beautiful, and completely unique, many of the songs were mixed specifically for the show in ways that accentuate their particular special qualities.  This made the purchase of the soundtrack a no brainer.  A new way to enjoy fresh versions of Beatles' classics seamlessly sewn into one beautiful continuation, spanning their career and many emotions covered in the music.  I felt like the dance and acrobatics were more literal or easy to understand than some of the other Cirque show, which I really liked.  If you're a Beatles fan, you'll almost certainly enjoy it.  If you're all about Cirque, you may find this lacking in acrobatics and visual effects compared to their more recent shows.
5	I went back again as promised. This time with 8 of us in the front row. It was even better. The first time around we saw the "beta' production. I think they simply polished up a few things. This is still my favorite work of theatre, dance, music etc. Everyone in the group wanted to go back the very next night. Keep up the great work Love!
4	I've had a love-hate relationship with Cirque for some time. I love the acrobatics and the surreal costumes and effects. I don't like the pretentiousness or the cheesy new age music at all. This show overcomes the music problem with pre-recorded tracks of the actual Beatles, which have been remastered, re-mixed, and mashed up, combining different songs at various times. The sound system is mind-blowing, with like 12,000 speakers including speakers in every seat. The aural experience alone is worth the ticket price. Sound comes from every direction, and during the more psychedelic sequences there's a cool echo effect coming from your own headrest. Combine that with Cirque's impressive, if pretentious, staging and performers, and you've got a killer show which will give you a new appreciation for the music of the Beatles.
5	Having seen O and Kooza before, I came in having certain expectations for being artistic and for pushing my limits - those death-defying feats usually have my heart racing and my palms sweating.  LOVE totally did not meet my expectations, though in a good way - it exceeded them!  In the words of that great song by Berlin, this performance completely took my breath away.  I hadn't been so moved by a performance like this since I saw "The Lion King" or Alonzo King's Lines ballet. The performers were just so completely passionate throughout the entire performance, you could just feel those good vibes filling you up.  Not only is it feel good, the music is awesome (LOOOVE the Beatles!), and it's visually gorgeous as well - It's really just a whole body experience.  It's great that they have speakers in your seat so you really get the full music experience.  Their use of curtains was also very clever.  I wouldn't go into this expecting this to be like O or Kooza, this is a completely different playing field here folks.  I really just cannot say enough good things about this except just go see it already!
5	Worth every penny-- and don't worry over your seats, spectacular views everywhere. Great cast! If you're weary about watching people climb ropes, and do twirls, this is not what Love is about. Love is a happening!
4	I had a great time at Love - and yes, I was one of those attendees who sang along and danced in her seat.  Such an amazing show, but much less acrobatic than some of the other Cirque shows I've seen.  Tons of dancing and fun and lights and fantastic touches (is it just me or are the pieces of confetti shaped like strawberries? you know, as in fields forever?).  My favorite routines were during Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds and Octopus' Garden.  I also liked the guy on the teeter totter/swing thing - but that's the standard cirque "OHMYGODHE'SGOING TODIEWHATISHEDOING" type thing.  I loved that they included clips of the Beatles talking and being silly as they recorded.  The whole show was just fun.Would I go see it again?  No, probably not.  Did I enjoy it and think it was a great show?  Yes, absolutely.Also, when they make the announcement for you guys NOT to touch the sheet - seriously, don't touch it, what the hell?  If it's about to decapitate you, sure, lift it up and over your head, but there is no reason to hang on to the edges after you've been specifically asked not to.  What is this, kindergarten?
3	I love this show only because of the Beatles music. However, as a Cirque du Soleil, it was so so. I was not amazed by the acts, but just mildly entertained. I did have a favorite part but for the sake of not ruining the show I will not describe it. All you have to know is that it had nothing to do with anything live, but something computer generated. Overall, I love the Beatles!!! And if you are a fan like me, you will still watch the show anyways.
5	From start to finish, I absolutely LOVED Beatles Love.  It may not be the best Cirque du Soleil show in terms of heart-stopping stunts, but it completely delivers by way of imagination, beauty, and sheer fun.  The Beatles are probably the most prolific band in history.  With this deep library of material to work with, George and Giles Martin created an amazing soundtrack that is truly the heart of this show.
2	Where do they come up with this shit? Not even on my best acid trip could I have envisioned any of this. Alright, I never did acid but if I did, my night at LOVE would describe it perfectly. 1 word WEIRD. I'm all for the arts but this show is a trip. We probably would've enjoyed the show much more if we had some shrooms. They should have a disclaimer, 2 pills minimum. $170 per ticket. I want a refund.
4	Love, love, love... I absolutely loved this show! The show was incredibly fun and there wasn't a bad view in the house. I agree with others that it's not your traditional cirque show but it worked well. Minus one star for the lack of leg room between seats.
5	Absolutely amazing!  I was totally blown away by this production.  Definitely worth seeing even if it doesn't have all the usual Cirque stuff.  I can't wait to go back again.  It's the kind of show that you could see 10 times and probably still find new surprising things happening on the stage.  Whoever created this show is a genius.
5	In April 2007, my husband I went to see "LOVE" while he was on a business trip in Vegas and we . . .  loved it! It's definitely more of a musical than the other Cirque du Soleil shows and is less abstract by comparison. But if you're a fan of the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper years, you must see the show. The performers, music, sets, and costumes were all amazing. You leave there on such a high from the energy of the show. The soundtrack is worth buying. I also got a nifty metal Sgt. Pepper lunchbox from the gift shop afterwards. We've seen quite a few Cirque du Soleil shows, but this one definitely ranks in our top three favorites.
5	Wow.  I thought this was one of the best Cirque shows I have seen yet. And I can't wait to go back!  So different and highly energizing.  Makes you want to sing along the whole night.  The other Cirque shows are other worldly and ethereal.  This, too, was other worldly, but more in the way that it brought to life the drug filled Beatles era that I was too young to understand.  For the time that we were in the theater songs like 'Octopus's Garden' and total and absolute sense. I can't tell you know what the heck it all meant, but with the artistry and beautiful production Cirque pulled off, it was amazing and a true experience.  The show of course included the acrobatic feats which seem impossible for any human, yet the performers make it look easy - oh, except for the guy that was doing flips on the upside down see saw.... Yikes! (Did he really do that, and how did he not fall?...)  Ditto to what Jennifer L said - when they tell you not to touch the curtain/shhet that comes down, DON'T TOUCH IT! Sheesh!
5	AWESOME! If you love The Beatles, Across the Universe(movie), and Entertainment, then this fills your " I wish there was a live theatrical show with awesome visuals and acrobats that represents The Beatles" void.No need to be on shrooms to get the effect.
5	Boss and I attended the late show on Valentine's Day. I wanted to wait to write a review, just to let it all settle in and ruminate.Amazing. I think about the show quite a bit. I had the good fortune to get my hands on the soundtrack before the show, and boss and I listened too it a few times on our drive from LA. The efforts with the music alone are monumental. I loved this soundtrack!The spectacle was impressive in its own right. Image after mind-blowing image keeps you constantly anticipating and anxious.It was just an amazing treat to hear great music brought to life. Can't count the number of times goose bumps popped up all over.
3	One of the dissenters here, but I truly didn't feel the "love".It isn't that great of a Cirque show.  I suppose I may have just been disappointed since everyone we know who has seen the show has raved about it.  Plus the seats actually sucked - quite narrow and minimal legroom.Of the 3 Cirque shows I've been to, this is the weakest in terms of set, acrobatics, etc... It's quite a different setup compared to the others where you're essentially seated around a stage (more like a stadium seating) rather than facing the front.  There's not really any bad seats, but you get the advantage of seeing the facial expressions and details better in the pricier seats.If you're there for just the music and are a Beatles fan, you'll love it.  It's pretty catchy and entertaining but I thought it was pretty average for value.  I'm definitely glad we got these at 25% off.  I was much mroe impressed with Mystere and KA.
5	I think the bottom line on this show is that, if you're a Beatles fan, you'll LOVE this show.  If you're not, then it's about a 50/50 proposition.  My GF and I went this past Saturday and had a BLAST.  We were singing along the entire time and enjoying the show.  There were definitely people in the crowd who didn't appear to be enjoying the show quite as much as we were, but that's not saying much.  Granted, the show was a bit like an acid trip, but the great music mixed in with the show made it an awesome experience.  If you're a Beatles fan, this is a show that is not to be missed.
5	I'm surprised at the one and two star reviews of this show... either these people aren't Beatles fans, in which case, I'd ask why they'd go to a show that is a tribute to the Beatles in the first place, or the symbolism of the performance in relationship to the music alluded them.Granted, I'm sure I didn't fully grasp *all* the symbolism myself, but it was definitely food for thought and a lot of fun to see how Cirque interpreted Beatles music. Now on to my review...In Vegas to celebrate birthdays for a friend and me... wanted to see a show.. couldn't get tix to see Kevin James/Ray Romano show with our friends... saw that Love was playing at the same place (Mirage). Bought tix through the half price ticket stand on the Strip. All I can say is....WOW! What a spectacular show! This was my first time seeing any Cirque de Soleil show and I was so impressed with the athleticism, grace and talent of every performer. And of course, the music was excellent!The symbolism behind the visuals brought to new dimensions (or gave me a better understanding of the dimensions that were always there) to the phenomenal music of the Beatles.The production, performance and artistry was moving, engaging and kept my attention for the entire 90 minute performance. Some of the music includes studio out takes and rare mixes of Beatles songs. My toes were tapping the whole show through.If you're any sort of Beatles fan, this is one show you cannot miss during your next trip to Vegas.
3	Ok, I saw this show twice.  Had I given my rating the first time around, I would have given the 4 stars but I've seen many Vegas shows two or three times and loved them just as much the second time around.  I was rather bored the second time around !! It was just rather chaotic and the music was extremely loud this time.  It was TOO loud at times, uncomfortable, hurting your ears kind of loud.
2	This was my first Cirque show, and I have to say I was a little disappointed. As a disclaimer, I'm not a huge Beatles fanatic or anything, which may have contributed to the disappointment.  We got tickets to Love because it was discounted, whereas other Cirque shows were not. I've heard this show is not like most of the other Cirque shows. Definitely less acrobatics and awe factor, and more about the dancing, artistry, and music.  Sometimes there was so much going on in the stage, my brain was overwhelmed with what to watch.  You know the show's a "winner" when you fall asleep during it. Which is what happened to me.If you're not a huge beatles fan, I'd think twice before going.
4	Ah, so this is the show that replaced Siegfried & Roy at the Mirage.Is Cirque de Soleil taking over Vegas one cavernous venue at a time? It sure looks that way, and the familiar, dangling acrobats are on full display here. But what separates this show from the other writhing bodies-wrapped-in-fabric extravaganzas is the Beatles songbook. Culled from the group's master tapes to produce an authentic if sometimes bombastic reinvention of the Fab Four, it's entertaining for baby boomers like myself who still pathologically blame Yoko for breaking them up. What I didn't know was how involved the surviving Beatles were in mounting this production in 2006.The storyline traces the Beatles' lives from the London Blitz through the band's founding and then of course, the cultural icon years when their psychedelic and spiritual works overtook their pop hooks and finally gave way to their break-up in 1970. The stage is in the center of the theater, and Jamie W. and I were in the front row being pummeled by windblown sheets, plastic bricks and various paraphernalia coming from the vaunted ceiling. It's all good fun if rather loud. Some of the numbers worked better than others, the least fulfilling being the ones with repetitive acrobatics (for example, bodies jumping onto a phone booth) or uninteresting choreography (the gumboots used on "Lady Madonna"). Few of the moves displayed are on the same level of what you see at "O" or "Mystere", but the familiarity of the music is the draw here. Even so, there are lots of alternate takes used here, as well as snippets of conversations between the band members and - perhaps heresy to purists - "mash-ups" created from elements of several songs.My favorite sight, I have to admit, was the look of resigned sadness on the janitors waiting impatiently for the audience to leave in order for them to sweep up for the next performance. BTW, we were able to get half-price tickets ($75 each) for our front-row seats on the day of the performance by simply asking the concierge what they had left.
4	ONE WORD THAT APPROPRIATELY DESCRIBES LOVE....'GROOVY!!!!'From the moment when we walked up to the Box Office, I felt as if I was being transported into an Austin Powers Movie...the bright colors, the British flag, the dressed up cadettes that greet you.As other yelpers have discussed. This is definitely different than other Cirque shows because weren't too much acrobatics. If you want and expect that, I suggest watching another show. Since there's a bunch of 4 and 5 star reviews, I'm guessing most people are open minded. It was more a variety show with all types of dance (hip hop, breaking, modern, and artistic) to various Beatles songs. It was honestly kind of weird to have roller blades on ramps....but okay....Even though I am not that big of a Beatles fan, I still knew alot of the songs. I was swaying my head back and forth during a good majority of the show.  I honestly didn't get every scene....a bit artsy and way out there for me (but I guess you don't have to)....MAN OH MAN THE VISUAL EFFECTS WERE AMAZING!!!...MY FAVORITE SCENE WAS THE JELLYFISH SCENE.The only main downside to the show was that I actually got dizzy during the show moving my head from one thing to another. We sat up front thinking that the closer, the better but there was so many things happening all at once. I was trying to see everything and moving my head all over the place.SO I HIGHLY RECOMMEND SEEING THIS SHOW FROM A DISTANCE IN ORDER TO SEE THE WHOLE PICTURE. ALSO TRY TO GET DISCOUNTS ANY WAY YOU CAN...THIS IS A REAL EXPENSIVE SHOW ESPECIALLY TO SIT UP FRONT (AT ABOUT $170/SEAT....OUCH!!!....BUT THANKS TO MY BF I DIDN'T HAVE TO DIG DEEP INTO THE POCKETS). THERE PROBABLY ISN'T A BAD SEAT IN THE HOUSE....SO SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GET THE CHEAPER SEATS.  If you know anyone that lives in Vegas, residents get approximately 1/2 off tickets.Although this isn't my favorite Cirque Show, I overall still had a fun time.MORE LIKE 3.5 STARS ROUNDED UP
4	If you like the beatles see this show. The sound is great every where. If you pay for middle of the road seats your still getting a good view. Don't touch the sheet they pull over or it wrecks the effect in the middle. I would bring more friends and see it again.
4	March Madness - It's that time of year again ! How many friends coming into town this year ? " Can we go to Spearmint Rhino? " - Yeah. " Any new Restaurants or Bars? " - yeah. " We want to go see Love ! " Wait ....what? huh ? really ? This is a March Madness first - go somewhere that doesn't involve Booze and Boobs ?!?! YEAH ! So, i pick up some of the 50% off tickets - get the fancy seats ( net cost $104 each ) - GREAT SEATS ! It's sensory overload - you gotta keep up with all that's goin' on ! Of course the music is great ( my only minor beef is the version of "my guitar gently weeps" - i prefer the guitar licks of Mr. Clapton ) I like the mix between the dancing and acrobatics. I still have to drop one star - I had high expectations for the acrobatics during , " A Day in the Life." one of my fav Beatle songs - I found that set to be somewhat anticlimactic. Also, i lost the energy at the end of the show - maybe i should subtract one star from me - I'm getting old !
4	All you need is Love....and half price, third row tickets from Tix 4 Tonight....and an appreciation for highly hyped Cirque shows....and a mild to rabid fascination with Beatles tunes....and a copy of the album downloaded to your iPod for the drive home.Yeah it was cool if not completely random.  I think it would have been a trip better taken with friends Mary and Jane but unfortunately my therapist says I need new friends so I instead I had a drink with Jack and Jim in the lounge just before curtain.  Let me take you there.....
5	WOW! Just WOW! There was so much going on...I didn't know where to look without missing something so detailed and wonderful! This show is just beautiful, artistic, and amazing! You will find yourself singing and dancing in your seat. A MUST!!!
5	Saw this show in November 2008 with a group of friends.All I can say is "Awesome!!"I can even say I'm not a huge Beatles fan (please don't kill me, I'm being honest) and I really enjoyed this show.
4	Like the other Cirque du Soleil shows, this one is just as awesome! However, I feel that LOVE is missing some amazing factor. There were not enough heart pumping factors to make it a truly unforgettable show. Definitely a show to see if you're a Beatles fan.
4	I think this show is beautiful, but definitely is missing the "wow" factor.  My cousins who are 19 and 15 both fell asleep during this show, as did my dad (but he always falls asleep when watching anything that lasts longer than 5 minutes).Because this show is about "Love", I think it is much more subdued and less theatrical.  The colors are more spring/easter-like with light pinks, blues, and purples.  The dancing is gorgeous and evokes a lot of emotion.  Although I enjoyed it, I wouldn't say this is my favorite Cirque show.For the Beatles lovers out there, you will like seeing the way Cirque reinvents some of the songs and how they work the music into their acts, and how complimentary their costumes are with everything.If you sit closer to the front, there are parts of the show where people soar above you.  I don't think there's a bad seat in the house.
5	Love Love!  Truly this was a breathtaking experience.  The artistry, music, directing, choreography -- wow!  My absolutely favorite moment is in the beginning when the first big rock and roll song is played -- the place is jumping!!!  So many unexpected and creative moments, this is a triumph!
5	As A huge Cirque du Soleil  fan I was pumped when I found out they were doing a Beatles Tribute show. Mind you I am kinda Young so I have never really gotten to see what they looked like in there prime  but this show gave me that chance and so much more !!!!Like any typical Cirque du Soleil  show there was the beautiful costumes the AMAZING sets and performers all at the top of there game but this time there was sumthing special in the mix LOVE . As stated in the other reviews  this show is full of emotions , laughter ,passion and the love for one another.I feel like Im giving to much away if i continue but if given the chance treat yourself to this show. Tickets can be as low as $65 but you can always  find a good deal online be a smart shopper !!!!
5	I love the Beatles and was delighted that my sweetheart took me for my birthday.  He'd already seen it and had my so pumped up that I expected something different, something better and more amazing but I totally enjoyed what I saw.   We had great seats and the show is constantly moving so make sure you look ALL around or you can miss someting like an acrobat or great costumes, it's a feast for the eyes and ears!  And I was glad that it was orginial Beatles music!
5	My husband and I went to Las Vegas on our honeymoon and I had my heart set on seeing LOVE.  It was amazing beyond my expectations.  I am a huge beatles fan and getting to see the music come to life was just awe inspiring.  I will be honest (but don't laugh) I cried a little.  It was that jaw dropping.
4	We received free tickets through a vacation package and this show was spectacular! Apart from the tone deaf woman next to us who wouldn't stop singing and was clapping out of time, it was a wonderful experience.  Our seats were excellent with a great view and though we didn't quite get the storyline, it was an amazing show.  If you're a fan of the typical Cirque du Soleil show, you might not find this as enthralling - I heard a couple next to us say that they weren't impressed but it sounded like they were looking for the true Cirque experience.  If you're a fan of the Beatles and looking for something different, you'll love this show.
5	Because this was based on Beatles music, in some ways it was less "artsy" than other Cirque shows (I have seen many of them)...but in a good way. I would say that dance and dramatic interpretation of the music was more the focus than acrobatics (unlike other shows). It was moving, beautiful, happy, sad, nostalgic...We had friends in town who got a "locals" deal - $150 tix for $90 each. I would say, more than anything else we did this past weeked, it was the best money we spent!
5	This show was AMAZING!Not only was the show itself outstanding, but the sound and special affects are what did me in.Not only did it have incredibly sound technology, but EACH individual seat had little speakers in the headrests to make your experience that much greater.When the show was over, I couldn't help but feel completely in awe.If you're a Beatles fan, this is a definite must-do.
4	This was amazing, I highly recommend it when you are in Vegas, it is one of my favourite Cirque shows. I would have given it 5 stars but I was somewhat disturbed by the fact that they had no warnings that people with epilepsy would have problems with some of the acts. I don't suffer from epilepsy but after one particular piece I was worried I might start then and there! The effect was very disorientating and made us all feel a bit queasy. Not a reason to avoid the show unless you have a medical condition, but a warning should be given before you book.
1	We thought this show would NEVER end.  I don't often feel like I want to walk out of a show like this, especially after spending so much money, but this show was beyond boring.  Most Cirque du Soleil shows have great acrobats, but this was a jumble of way too many people running around together making a big mess.  The dance moves were not spectacular, more like moves most of us could do in our living rooms.  I am not a huge Beatles fan, which didn't help.  I just don't get the high ratings and the fanfare for this show.  The only reason for my applause at the end was because the show was finally over.
5	It might put a dent in your wallet, but it's well worth seeing this show. I was surprised at first to see a line to get in, but after the show I understand why. I'm not a huge Beatles fan, but I'm familiar with some of their songs and I just love music anyway and musically it didn't fail. Their show performance/stage props/choreography definitely blended nicely to Beatles tunes. Visually it was great too. That Yellow Submarine cartoon is wonderful... More power to you if you go "under the influence".
5	Never actively listened to the Beetles much. Everyone hears their music but I never knew how much I heard until the Love Show nor how much music they influenced.I understand why some people may not have enjoyed it as much.  Especially if they don't like Beatles music or were expecting more acrobatics, but the show was just downright fun.Though, there should be a warning regarding all the lights.It is probably the closest you'll get to a beetles concert / music video.I definitely want to go again, but next time with a different state of mind.
5	If you have never seen a Cirque du Soleil show, see LOVE... even if you know nothing about the Beatles it is a most amazing show and well worth it. Since they were able to obtain all the original recorded tracks and then use that to build an amazing sound experience, it is even worth going if you are an audiophile that loves to hear all the amazing details captured in recording sessions. Right next to O this would be one of the top 2 shows ever.
5	This was my first Cirque Du Soliel show and I really didn't know what to expect. I love the Beatles music and thought this would be the perfect way to gear up for the Rock Band game coming in September by going to the show while on vacation. Best idea I ever did.This was probably one of the best shows I've ever seen. There was not a bad seat in the whole place. It felt interactive and the speakers in the seats really got you into the experience. Purchased a Coke for 6 bucks and got to keep the huge cup too, which made it feel like I didn't need a t-shirt from the shop or anything.I would definitely see this again because this had to be one of the best parts of my vacation. Although my Venetian gondola ride guy did say that Cirque Du Soleil will be starting an Elvis show next year...
3	I am going to be the "maverick" and give this show three stars. I love the Beatles but the show, in my opinion, did not represent them or their music the best possible way. It is mostly dance and artistic renditions of the fab four. Not enough acrobatics. Some people may like that but if I am watching a Cirque de Soleil production, I want death defying, precision, skilled and inventive moves.
5	Went here for the third time and was just as entertained as seeing it for the first time.  This show is excellent, I really like the whole mood and feel of the theater.  The choreography with the music is great.
3	Basically everything EJay D said is what the theme of this review will be too..... After being stood up by Barry Manilow, Sis & I frantically searched for a last minute show we could see & Beatles LOVE came through I guess I've become a sort of Cirque snob b/c I was expecting the usual grand feats of absurdly-wonderful acrobatics & death-defying stunts But alas, this was more of a dance performance to Beatles tunes Too many people all over the stage doing different things that have no rhyme or reason & it was impossible to follow what anyone was doing. There didn't appear to be a story / theme to be told & usually Cirques have an underlying story that unfolds throughout each performance Not here..... There was a good stint w/ roller blades & another of lesser awe-factor w/ trampolines but other than that - it was dance, dance, dance Dancers & costumes were super but the show was not what I expected (Sis really liked it.... I'm harder to please) So if you're looking for a good dance number, Beatles LOVE will be for you If you're looking for amazing acrobatics, I suggest checking out Ka, O or Mystere (in that order)
5	Best show I've ever seen in my whole life. Period. I loved it and would see it again in a heartbeat. It was worth every penny!! The whole show from start to finish is just so energetic and beautiful. I was so sad when it ended! I love the Beatles but I think that even if you're not a huge fan you can still totally enjoy this Cirque du Soleil show .I've seen Mystere also and this completely blows that one out of the water. It was just so good!
5	I was having a cranky Vegas trip, and my boyfriend had just told me that he's glad I'm not hotter because then he'd have to worry about feeling jealous of other guys. WTF? Jerkface.But then I went to LOVE and i was suddenly happy.  For the entire show.  I suppose I haven't seen that many comparable shows in my lifetime, but yes, I'd have to say it's quite possibly one of the best musical/shows/etc I've ever seen, ever.  I really appreciated that it wasn't a typical Cirque show - there aren't too many human stunts, and there's no mystery-language enya-esque ethereal dreamy music.  So what is it then?  It's happy, loud, there's lots of dancing, lots of cool visual effects, and all to familiar remastered songs. Yes, it's still dreamy and artistic, just not to the point where there are dancing broccoli or flying goblins and giant man-babies. LOVE is simple. And awesome.
4	I loved this particular show by Cirque du Soleil.  It was entirely different than "O" and "Le Reve".  The music was really fun, and there was so much going on.  My only complaint was that I couldn't take it all in fast enough.I have recommended this show to a handful of people.  They all loved it.  This show will likely continue in Las Vegas for many years to come, but I would catch it sooner rather than later just to be safe.As for seats, we sat up close which was great.  Looking around the auditorium, it was hard to imagine that any of the seats were short of spectacular.  Just go!
5	Celebrate 25 years of Cirque du Soleil and bring a friend to the legendary show, LOVE for only $ 25! With tickets regularily priced around $ 150, this brand new offer is a must-do! LOVE brings the magic of Cirque du Soleil together with the passion of The Beatles to create an intimate and powerful entertainment experience. It is a truly breath taking show. I found this offer through www.DestinationCoupons.com,  so take advantage of this amazing offer and enjoy LOVE!
3	Overall this show was too strange and expensive for me to fully enjoy.  As other people have mentioned, it is much more about dance than the acrobatics of other Cirque shows, although Love also relies more heavily on theatrical effects.  It's a very trippy show and I think at some point the creators mixed up abstract artistry with throwing a bunch of random-ass shit together.  For example, some burning questions:- why was the KKK at the carnival scene?- why were the Beatles in space?The music was obviously good but didn't use as many of the "upbeat" Beatles songs as I would have expected and if you're only going because you love the music, save yourself at least $100 and buy a Beatles CD.  If you don't mind completely incoherent things happening on stage while Beatles music is playing, then go for it - it's very neat - but don't expect anything to make any shred of sense.  That was my mistake.A few pieces of advice if purchasing tix though:- Be sure to check BroadwayBox.com beforehand to see if there are any discounts available - most tickets are priced $150 and $125 normally.- I suggest NOT sitting in the very first section (100 series) as there are quite a few effects from the ceiling.  The theater presents pretty good views from all seats- If you need to pick up tickets from the Mirage box office, go EARLY instead of right before your show - the line for pickup can be REALLY long an hour before a show starts- You get a 2-for-1 ticket for the REVOLution lounge at the Mirage from 8-10pm with each ticket purchased.  Offer applies only to well drinks, beer, and wine.
3	I watched this show in Dec-08 and was not as impressed with this show as I was about Mystere and "O".  Those shows rock!  LOVE definitely is not the show for you if you enjoy acrobatics (what you think Cirque is famous and/or known for) and thought that this show was about acrobatics dancing to Beatles music.  I was very disappointed and did not LOVE this show.  My husband, however, enjoyed the show (even though he is not a Beatles fan--not because he doesn't enjoy the music, it's just that he wasn't born in that era)--that's why the 3 stars.  Overall, I would only recommend this show if you are a true Beatles fan.  If you're watching a Cirque show for the acrobatics, your money will be well spent on Mystere or "O".
5	One of the best shows I have ever seen! The amount of artistry that went into this production almost brought me to tears. If you are a Beatles fan you must go. It's expensive, but you walk out feeling you got back every dime.
4	This show was amazing.  I was a bit hesitant on whether I wanted to watch it because I'm not a fan of the beatles, although I did grow up listening to their music (thanks to my brother, who is a lot older than I am), so I knew most of the songs, but even if you've never heard their songs, I think you'd enjoy the music, of course I may be wrong about that. :P  Also, I didn't know what to expect, I knew that it wouldn't be like the other cirque shows, and I'm glad that it wasn't.  Wasn't really looking forward to watching one of their regula acrobatic shows.  The show is more artsy, concentrating more on the beatles songs.  There was not a boring moment.  The only thing I found annoying was the layout of the show.  We sat in the 3rd row in section 103 and I thought it wasn't centered enough and was a bit too close.  The theater is quite small, so you don't really need to sit up front.  Also, I was lucky enough to get some sort of a student discount and they also have other promotions going on.  It's best to call them and ask before reserving your tickets.
4	I couldn't find tickets at one of the "Tix 4 Tonight" booths that sell tickets for shows at much better prices than the shows' box offices, so I went to the Beatles LOVE box office and plunked down $140 for a fairly standard ticket (I was in the back but as other people have mentioned it doesn't really matter where you sit because the auditorium is designed well and you can see pretty well from any seat).So the show starts, and after the first number that lasted about 3 minutes, an announcer announced over the speaker system that there would be a temporary interruption or something. I thought it might be part of the show. They started playing some non Beatles muzak while everyone just kind of glanced around wondering what was going on. After 10 minutes I knew this wasn't part of the act. By the 15 minute mark people were getting up and walking out. At the 20 minute mark (I'm pretty sure that's how long it was but I didn't time it with my watch), I had decided I'd had enough also and was getting ready to leave...and then of of course the lights dimmed and the show picked up where it left off. I was a bit miffed that for the amount of money I spent on my ticket ($140 ain't cheap) that I had that experience. Once again, I told myself, venues can't get it right every time, so I bit my lip and stayed for the show.Unfortunately, my mood had been a little soured by the interruption. The rest of the show was pretty much as the other reviews have described. The dancers and performers obviously make the show. Their feats are unbelievable. If you think about just how difficult it must be for them to be pulling off what they do you can appreciate the show more. Most people can't lift their leg past their knee, and these people are trapeezing 40 feet in the air, flying all around each other, landing in car windows, stuff no human should be able to do but they seem to do it with ease. Very cool. As for the music, it is good. They must have remastered all of the tunes because it sounds better than if the Fab 4 were down there doing their thing in person. Also very cool. Those two things are the only things that pull my review up to 4 stars, it otherwise would have been 3.So, if I had to do it all over again, I wouldn't go unless I found discounted tickets. If you are a Beatles fan, you will of course love the music. Other than that it wasn't that amazing of an experience, but as I said, watching the Cirque was something else.
3	Basically felt the same was as Matt H and I believe we must have been at the same show (6/19 7PM show), however we did get our tickets at half price. Have been to one other Cirque show (Quidam) which we really enjoyed that had more "amazing" moments. This was definitely more about the dancing then the acrobatics which was fine, but felt a little let down based on our previous experience and maybe our expectations were too high based on what others who had seen it told us :)
5	I always thought Zumanity would be one of my fave Cirque shows but Love blows it all away. " Love" just makes me want to join the Cirque de Soleil circus act. After watching that show, I made sure I would not leave Vegas without purchasing the soundtrack and the show book.  the music and the whole story was awesome. Definately go watch the show this season since you can find tickets for as low as 30% off.
5	We went to this show because we were with my parents and I thought they would at least enjoy the music.  I had heard it wasn't as acrobatic as the other CDS, and wasn't sure if I was going to like that.  I loved this show!  I would see it again, and I can't think of any that I have said that about-even O.  I had a smile on my face the entire time.  The music was awesome, the stage was awesome, and the talent was amazing.  I enjoyed the more modern circus acts such as the skating ramp and trampolines.  Just really fun.  If you want to spend the money on expensive seats you can, but they are all good it seemed.  Be sure to go pre-party in the Revolution lounge.  You should get 2 for 1 drink coupons with your ticket, which is a great deal, instead of buying in the theater.
5	I went to Las Vegas this weekend just for the show.It's amazing, plain and simple.The music is awesome, we had amazing seats, everyone was nice, the dancers, acrobats, actors, composers.. everything was perfect.
5	All you need is LOVE!  I've been waiting to see this show since it came out.  It's always been too expensive so when we saw a deal online, we jumped on it!  The show was amazing!  They sell big drinks for $15.  I kept the cup!  I love the music...I love the beatles!
5	This is a great show. I was wowed by it from start to finish. The gigantic drinks that they sell are also pretty delicious. The costumes and set changes that occur in this show are amazing. If you are in Vegas and are on the fence about seeing this show, just go and see it. You will not be upset that you made that decision. I would also add if you've seen Corteo and enjoyed it, you will probably like this show as it shares similar elements with Corteo.
4	The most visually stunning performance I have ever seen.  This show is a must see for everyone.  However in this Cirque there are less tricks and more magic.So if you're in it for the traditional Cirque show of stunts you won't find it here. I gave it a 4 instead of 5 for two reasons:1. Aerobatics are not up to par with other Cirque shows.  This is more of a spectacular dance show.  Several times they put performers in the position to really hit a gymnastic or aerobatic home run and they stick with more simple choreography instead.  If you have seen several Cirque shows and then see LOVE, you will know what I mean. 2. Their theater is freezing.  WEAR PANTS AND SOCKS. The chairs have individual air conditioners that blow on your legs.  Terribly uncomfortable for someone wearing shorts which is most people in Vegas.Regardless of any drawbacks, you must see this show.
3	The last time that we were in Vegas we saw Ka which was awesome and amazing.  Love was just ok.  I really wanted to LOVE it but it was just eh.  The music was great because it was The Beatles and the acrobatics left me thinking how could anyone do that!!!  I just didn't like the interpretations of the songs.  I really hated Lady Madonna.  My husband said "wow you really don't clap for anyone tapdancing."So you get to hear different versions of Beatles songs which was cool.  Some parts of the show were just creepy or it could have been that I was just really tired.  I dunno.On the Mirage website you can get 25% of tickets if you go during the week.  We were sitting up top and had a great view as it is a small theater in the round.
5	The LOVE show was AWESOME. Don't expect all of the usual Cirque acrobatics with this show, although they do have other neat tricks and surprises.I love the Beatles, (I think this helped my overall enjoyment of the show), and the Cirque's interpretations of some of the songs were interesting and unexpected. It was a very enjoyable show. I probably had a smile plastered on my face through the whole thing. I would definitely see it again.
3	Unlike other Cirque productions, LOVE had no WOW factor...just dance.  Lots of dance.  Sure maybe they do a little twirl while hoisted in the air or some rollerblading moves on a ramp, but there were no amazing aerial acrobatics I was accustomed to expect.  If I wanted dance, I could have gone to Lord of the Dance.  I mean seriously, when I think of Cirque du Soleil, I think of amazing acrobatics, imaginative sets, inspired story, and lighthearted comedic performances all rolled into one.  I felt that LOVE had the opposite features and definitely was a miss.  This was my least favorite of the four Cirque shows I've seen.  If I was a Beatles fan, then maybe this would have been a good Cirque production, but I definitely was not in the mood for LOVE.
4	I loved this show, its so beautiful, and there is really not a bad seat in the theater. Like others have said, don't expect much acrobatics like other Cirque shows (KA, Mystere, etc) but DO expect gorgeous themed choreography & stage decor to beatles songs - a magnific!Minus 1 star because the show can be longer - too many songs that are my favorites were not included in the show.
3	The music was great but the acrobatics were missing!When I go to a Cirque show I want to see something amazing. This show didn't have it. It was all dancing dancing and more dancing. It is trippy though... Most of us were at the end of a three day alcohol, gambling, and stripper bender, and that alone was enough to hallucinate. I looked at my buds and some of them were bugging out, especially during some of the weirder parts. I can't not recommend the show though. If you like the Beatles then that alone is worth it. If not I would see O or Ka. The Margaritas are good to. And huge. I tackled two of those bad boys.
3	i would have to agree with most of the reviews here. I'm a Beatles fan, and I've been waiting to see this show forever!  For it being a Cirque Show the the acrobatics were definitely missing!  I would have to agree that it felt like dancing, dancing and more dancing.....But being the Beatles fan that i am I still enjoyed the show. If you want to see the show I would NOT recommend people pay full price,wait for a deal or get the cheaper seats.
5	I loved this show so much I wanted to watch it again right after it finished. It's not the typical Cirque show, but a perfect tribute to the Beatles...Cirque does the fab four proud! If your looking for the typical Cirque show I would not recommend this one (try O), but I love the Beatles so maybe I'm biased. I did not love the giftshop and their $40 t-shirts tho...
5	I really don't the words to explain how AMAZING..no wait...INCREDIBLE...no no, the word is ASTONISHING.  okay i really don't have the words.  I fell in love with the show, i suggest anyone that likes even just one beatles song, to see this show.  the choreography was beautiful and amazing and totally goes with the whole beatles theme, look, or whatever you want to call it.  compared to other cirque de soleil shows, yea it doesn't have as much acrobatics, but seriously this show is more about the music.  the only thing i would suggest is probably get a seat that is more in the back.  not only would you see the whole stage, but they also do this cool stunt with a huge white sheet, and for sure you want to see the whole thing, and not be under the white sheet haha.  another suggestion...buy your ticket day of!!  my party and i spontaneously wanted to see it and looked around online for discounted tickets.  we found tickets that were half off, and were at amazing spots.  i fell in love with the beatles again and i seriously have a new appreciation for them as well.
5	Before blurting out a dramatic comment to the disrespectful heels such as, "you're such a stupid get", I checked myself before I wrecked myself, reminded it wasn't my weight to carry and to Love! Love love love love...Doing my best to turn off my mind, relax, and float downstream, what I couldn't quite figure out was the purpose for the two white-robed KKK members part of the "Benefit for Mr. Kite" segment. I'd like to think they were just whirling dervishes with strange triangular shaped headdresses, but the burning cross on the side of the half-pipe used by the elaborate rollerblades (a mindlessly entertaining scene might I add) made my companion and I think otherwise. Another baffling scene was that of the step-dancing rain boots to the tune of another McCartney throw-a-way, "Lady Madonna." During this segment, a troop of African-Americans clobber their way through lyrics such as "Lady Madonna children at your feet/wonder how you manage to make ends meet/who finds the money when you pay the rent?/Did you think that money was heaven sent?" while surrounding a pregnant lady. I was a caught off guard and to be honest, flat out offended that the director of Love assumed that a person in such a perilous financial situation as Lady Madonna would have to be African-American. It has been rumored that "Blackbird" is a song about the civil rights movement, encouraging it which makes me think that the scene was an attempt of the director to prove that the Beatles demolished all moral barriers and crossed the thresholds of repression, but if so, it was not very effective and possibly too abstract for a Vegas show that, no offense fellow yelpers, but the majority of reviews offer little on the context of the show, sticking more along the lines of "I loved love and paid a lot to see it." But then again, a later scene explores a war protest on trampolines, praising communism as a youngster holds a Warhol-esque picture of Mao while the notorious song "Revolution" blurts out "Well you know, you better free your mind instead!" Oh well, everyone great was always contradicting themselves. Later during the spectacle, during the mystical sounds of "Here Comes the Sun" a stereotypical Buddhist (well, eastern oriented) spiritual meditation occurs where raiders of the lost arc looking cirque members proceed into sun salutations looking up in wonder to the sky as candles burn in front of them. Really, I don't think George Harrison would have been too fond of the execution of his most revered track. I could have also done without the "Octupus' Garden" scene.The intricate details of dream-like props such as a model train on a track carrying lit tea candles, tiny rubber boots on strings, cast-ironed framed Volkswagen bugs, Michelin man titanium pants, and fog-generating umbrellas it undeniable that the set ornamentation of Love is spectacular.  A theatre teacher rammed home that a re-occurring theme is always something to be aware of and the most prevalent of these in Love was the lost young man with a bouquet of flowers the audience becomes acquainted with before the show even begins as he aimlessly walks through the crowd as they take their seats.  It is unclear whether he is searching for a particular recipient for his daisies and he is the most clown-like character on stage. For those who have seen it, I would love ideas as to what he symbolizes. During the standing-ovation that the circque du soleil ensemble receive at the end of the show, the artists point to the monitors where full-sized george, paul, ringo and john are displayed in life-like video. For some odd reason, the audience stops clapping at this point, which sings to me that the Beatles' music has been so thoroughly absorbed into our consciousness that what occurred on stage surpasses sound. That throughout the process of watching Love the audience becomes desensitized to who made the music or the fact that anyone made the music at all, theoretically the performers and the set are all that mattered during the full-fledged Vegas production that is the Love spectacle.
4	all you need is love love love...love is all you need.awesome performance, music, dancing, and little bit acrobatics. nice stage floor designs. we're sitting at the balcony 1st row, enjoy it very much, because we can see everything from this angle. although i think the best view are from section 2 (200 & 209), section 1 would be to close and you'll miss some of the performance around you, that's just my opinion.the theater is not that big so don't worry about having bad seats.most parts/ songs are beautifully arranged and choreographed, but few are loosing the 'grips' that why i gave four stars, overall it's an amazing experience.you don't need to be a beatles' fan to watch this,
5	Thought I had entered a time machine, the transformation to the 60's hit me like a brick. The music brought back memories of my childhood. We really enjoyed this show, unlike other Cirque shows but just as enjoyable. The seating and sound were excellent. We found the stage to be amazing, so many transformations. One minute you see London during World War II, next Liverpool in the 50's and 60's. The music transcends time and made me realize what musical geniuses the Beatles really were. The lyrics bring all sorts of emotion's forward. I'm certain we'll see this show again.
4	I thought the show was really cool.  I good blend of performance and music.  The only thing holding me back from a 5 is the lack of a storyline, it just seemed like a bunch of music videos strung together for me.
5	Awesome show. The theatre is great, no real bad seat in the house. The sound was amazing as well, since there are speakers in the headrest and on the back of the seat in front of you. Each song was pretty amazing. Highly recommend this show to everyone, whether you're a huge Beatles fan or not.
3	I was debating on which Vegas show to see and was compelled to go check this one out since I have a big Cirque fan and see all of their local shows.  Although I am not a big Beatles fan, I do know a few of their songs which helped a bit.OBSERVATIONS:- Unlike most of the Cirque shows, they did not have entertainment as you are waiting for the show to begin.- If you are watching the show from the third level, you probably aren't enjoying the show to its fullest.- The show lasts for about 1 hour and 15 minutes.  Plan accordingly.THE SHOW- Overall, it was a good show.  Is it better than Mystere?  YES!!  (I fell asleep during that show, a first!)  Is it better than O?  NO!!!- If you enjoy Beatles hits, then you will enjoy watching this show since it's sort of like a real life music video.  Not a whole lot of really crazy stunts since it's more of a theatrical interpretation of the music.  Think musical/music video.- The highlight of the show featured the roller blading act.  That is all that I am going to say so that I don't spoil it for Yelpers.  In addition, there were two instances where confetti/streamers descended upon the crown.  One at the beginning for those in closer to the stage and at the very end.TIP #1: If you plan to purchase ticket, click on this link to for a buy 1 ticket, get a second ticket for $25.  Offer valid for shows now until Oct. 31, 2009. http://mirage-cds.admission.com/adm/LOVE_25SP.htmTIP #2: Do not plan to purchase tickets on row 1.  It looked like people were having a hard time absorbing the show since they were basically eye level with the stage just a few feet away.  Also, do not plan to purchase tickets in the 3 level.
4	The best show I've seen in Vegas.  Hands down better than any Cirque show.  Got the vip seat and it was worth the money.. not that the other seats aren't great but i could see facial expressions and what not.This show is more for Beatles fans or Artsy Fartsy types.  So if you don't have a little hippie or curator in you I'd recommend watching Phantom of the Opera or something.
5	It was my first Vegas show (if you don't count String Cheese Incident at the Aladdin . . . ) and also my first Cirque de Soleil experience.It was extremely cool.  I'm a big fan of Beatles music, so that helped a lot.  But the surrealistic choreography, stunts, costumes, and use of space by the characters and props created a very impressive, absorbing event.  The sound quality and visuals are crisp.  A long list of songs unfolds as a story, and if I hadn't consumed a lot of vodka and some gin on a relatively empty stomach in the hours leading up to the show, I probably would have followed all of the symbolism more effortlessly.  I recommend it highly!
5	best show i have ever seen! my husband loved loved loved it!  yes yes yes for sure pay to see this show when in vegas!!!!!!!!!!
3	This was my first Cirque show ever so maybe that's why I was so confused.  Honestly, the entire time during the show I kept thinking, WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON???My friends and I got some amazing seats.  We sat in section 106, about 6 rows from the stage (the performers were right next to us when they entered).  Found a great deal online and only paid $99 for those.  I was surprised that they didn't play as many mainstream Beatles songs as I thought they would, many of them I have never even heard of.  Most of the show was a lot of interpretive dance, people running all over the place, stuff thrown everywhere.  It took me a few songs in to figure out there is no storyline, just a live music video. I think I would've enjoyed it more if I knew what was happening the entire time, it was too many things happening all at once.There's a weird part where they pull a sheet over the entire audience so you'll get knocked by this giant white sheet.  It's sort of cool when they suck the whole sheet under the stage afterward.  I want one of those helmets they wore while on the rollarblades!
5	OK, I admit that I might have been overly enthralled with this performance because it was my first Cirque, but seriously it was awesome. The costumes, the music, the sets, the effects, everything. Just all around awesome. I appreciated the theme a lot too. Thought it really had a lot of meaning both for now and for the time period in which the Beatles came on to the scene. Really for anytime. Highly recommend going to see this show. YES, the tickets are expensive (I think ours were $100 a pop for decent seats, not too far back, but not in the very front), but Cirque Du Soleil shows are totally worth a watch, and I'd shell out any day for another opportunity to see a Cirque. A magical experience worthy of 5 stars.
5	Hubby is a big fan of the Beatles, and he finally convinced me to give "Love" a try, and I was glad I did. This show is absolutely amazing! I wouldn't say it is a true cirque show, however, it was a great overall presentation/performance. We have seen Ka, O, and Mystere, and Love is still our favorite out of all of them. The music plays so well off of the performances and vice versa. The night we went in February, 09' we were upgraded since it wasn't too crowded, which always make it nice. But truthfully, there isn't a bad seat in the house. We are going again late October, and we already bought tickets to see it again because it was just that good, and they are offering a great special (buy 1 and get the second for only $25)! The show is about 1.5 hours, and if you weren't a fan of the Beatles you will be after watching this show!
3	I hafta agree with Christine K...i was zoning in and out during the whole show.  granted, I was already super tired that day, but overall i just thought the show was Ok.  there were parts of it that i thought were really awesome, mostly the acrobatic sections of it.  But other parts of the show were really slow, confusing, and just not that interesting.  Even the opening act, for example, lacked enough "oomph" to get the show started.  As for the white sheet being lifted over the audience, I was actually seated above it, so it looked really cool from my vantage point...i did wonder what it looked like underneath though. I did have an issue with the way the walls were partitioned though...especially at my seat level, it just cut the stage in weird spots, and at times, blocked my view of the artists performing on the stage.  I'm glad i got the buy 1 ticket, get the second one for $25 deal, because otherwise i definetly would not have thought i got my money's worth on this show.  As it is, even with the promotion, it's a close call.
5	wow. if you are a beatles fan and have seen and liked cirque du soleil, then you HAVE to see this show. i don't think there is a bad seat in the house and the show is excellent.
5	Not a big Vegas show fan, not a big Beatles fan, but I am now a fan of Cirque du Soleil: The Beatles Love.  Why I liked it: - $10 dollar 32 ounce beers or $15 dollar 32 ounce cocktails, perfect- Price- Insane visuals, music and performers flying overheadVegas is all about good drink specials and while you wait for Beatles Love I highly recommend taking advantage.  If you have seen the movie Knocked Up you'll find the entire experience very reminiscent of their Cirque du Soleil experience except at the end of the show you'll be on your feet applauding.Guys if you want to take your girl to a show in Vegas that doesn't involve male strippers or typical broadway atmosphere, check out The Beatles Love.
5	Great show, the visuals match the music perfectly. Espically in the song Octopus's Garden, it really looks like an underwater scene. The music is fantastic as well, the modifications of the Beatles songs sound great, and the sound system is fantastic. My fiancee is not much of a Beatles fan but she enjoyed the show and the soundtrack.
2	Choose any other Cirque show over this one.  Of course the music is good, but I can just buy a CD and listen to the same stuff.  The story line (was there one?!?) seemed forced and didn't flow nicely.   When the air conditioner went on, we FROZE.  Then, we'd defrost for a bit only to have that thing blast us again.  And, watch out for the flashing lights in a few of the scenes - there were a few times I thought I'd have a seizure!
5	I wish I could give this Show more stars!  This show is stunning, loud, colorful, fun, artistic, emotional, and down right beautiful!  We had perfect seats in section O row 209, and I recommend anyone with doubts to go watch this show.  Whether you're a die-hard Beatles fan as I am, or not, you're sure to get a one-of-a-kind show.  I loved LOVE, and I'm definitely seeing it again next time I hit Las Vegas!
5	Seen it twice, once up high, once down front, and both were great shows.  Different shows, too, which made it better, in that the view changed the context and focus a good bit.  Means I'll go back to see it a third time!It's not only great for Beatles fans (went with a fan each time, and they were thrilled), but it's great for Cirque fans, and those to become Cirque fans.The performances, the music, the theatrics, stunts and colorful displays combine to entice and charm you.  It's a wonderful evening's entertainment, bolstering you for a tasty stop afterward somewhere else on the strip.
5	All I can say is, "Wow!"  I don't know what else to say about this show that hasn't already been said?  Definitely go see it if you're a Beatles fan.
5	I would've watched it 2 nights in a row.
5	I came here with my girl after countless visits to Vegas and never catching a show. Cirque de Soleil is just awesome. Our seats were mid level, but no complaints here. I'm not a huge Beatles fan, but I walked away with a better appreciation for their songs. The stage people are goddamn good at their jobs. They switched stages so fast it was unbelievably seamless. While watching the show I would selectively pick acrobats from the stage to see if they were masking anything. Nope. Everyone had a role and were just on point. The props were just sharp. People coming from the ceiling, underground, sides, everywhere. Your eyes will never get bored. Each seat's headrest had some crazy theater quality sound pumping into your eardrums. This enhanced the total experience. $300 bucks well spent for my girl and I. The set was 90 minutes. I'm trying to debate which Cirque to see next time.
5	The most useful advice I can give about the show is to sit further back!  There is so much going on in this show and there's so much to see!  Also, in one of the acts, they pull a huge white sheet over 2/3 of the audience, but if you sit far back enough, you can see what's going on above the sheet (and it's worth seeing!).  Not only do you get a better view, but you save money too!  Get seats in Category 2 or 3. As for the show itself, it's amazing! There aren't as many stunts (typical of Cirque shows) as there is dancing, but there's definitely that magical Cirque touch.  The show is entertaining and entices your emotions.  You leave the theater feeling good, with warm fuzzies and all :)
5	I, surprisingly, loved this show! I came in with no expectations and completely fell in LOVE with the show and the music. LOVE does not follow the typical story plot, but each song is a mini-story of it's own, but somehow tends to lead itself to a semi-story that allowed the next song to easily transition itself to the "LOVE" story.A GREAT show to come watch even if you're not a Beatles fan. Everyone in the production are a VERY talented group of individuals. I would definitely come back to watch it again. Yes, it was that good!
5	amazing! amazing! amazing! going to see it again and again :) GO SEE IT!
5	First time seeing a Cirque show and this one just blew us away. The music from the headrest speakers and the ones in front of the seats were fantastic. There was so much to see in every part of the show. We highly recommend seeing this one if you want to give your visual and hearing senses a treat. Standing ovation!!!
5	My first cirque du Soleil show and I freaking loved it!!!! I didn't know what to expect but this was AWESOME!! I'm a big Beatles van so this helped me enjoy it that much more! This  whole thing is just great. The theater was perfect! Not a bad seat in the house and we were the highest level! The preformers were good! The effects were awesome and of course the music was awesome! Seeing this show prompted my hubby and I to buy tickets for another cirque show (zoomanity) which lacked the same "Wow" feeling. I would go back and see this over and over!!
5	I've been to many Cirque shows in Vegas and this is by far my favorite!!  It helps being a Beatles fan so you know the songs, and what they are trying to act out.  Clever dance steps and awesome high flying acrobatics!!  If you do not like Beatles music, you can appreciate the soundtrack and all the action that is going on.  They have roller blading quarter pipes, nets and a telephone booth that they flip off of, a live swing that an acrobat flips around on, only the magic of Cirque Du Soleil knows how to perfect!!  I've been to this show more than once because in my opinion, it is better than "O" , "Mystere", and "Ka".  However if you are more into classical music I would suggest the other shows.  The soundtrack is rock/pop/hip-hop. The Dolby 5.1 Surround Sound built into the seat makes it feel like the Beatles are there with you live.  What a moving performance!  You will forever be changed into the world that is Beatlemania!! Any seat in the house is a good view so don't feel like you won't be able to see....but there is a special treat for some who are close enough to go under the "big top".  (A yellow submarine tent pops out)
5	Great Show...By far the best Cirque show to date
2	I'm a big fan of Cirque du Soleil shows, but some just don't tickle my fancy.  Love is one of them.  I've seen those acrobatic shows from China and those are crazy.  They do all kinds of tricks that no one can even dream of here.  So when I see the acrobatics in Cirque du Soleil, I'm just not impressed or entertained.  However, Zumanity was great because they engage the audience and was hiliarious.Maybe if I was a huge Beatles fan my opinion might be different.  I feel like I just saw a bunch of randomness in bright colors just dancing on the stage.  A couple of my friends said they were ready to fall asleep.  I paid $135 for the tickets and I think I could've just gambled it next time.
4	This was my first show in vegas and I would just like to say that it did not disappoint! I love the Beatles and I feel like the show captured the trippy acid trips that are linked to the time period they must came in. A tip I learned from other reviews and am going to emphasize: cheaper seats such as the 300s and late 200s are good because there is one section of the show where a good majority of the seats are covered by a white sheet. Everyone underneath can't see a thing, but there is still a show going on above the sheets. I just feel like if you're goign to be spending 80+ dollars to see a show, you'd like to see EVERYTHING.I loved Love and would definitely see it again.
5	This show is a beautiful way to see all your favorite songs. The song transitions are incredible and the Cirque performers blow your mind! Favorite numbers included: Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds, While my guitar gently weeps, Back in the USSR... I guess it is too soon to decide.
5	I wasn't expecting much from this show going in, but it was amazing.  We had really low seats sec 103 row G.  It was great to see all action up close.  We got  covered by the sheet, but it only last a minute.  I have to rate this Cirque better than O.   The music is a big plus if your a Beatles fan.  If you into typical CdS, this is not the show,  for you.It was really good, and I highly recommend it.
5	I had to talk my husband and buddy into going to this show...And I'm soooo glad I did, it was worth every moment. It's as if you need instant replay to see all thats going on between the stage and up in the air. So colorful and the music, well I don't think you have to even be a Beatles fanatic to recognize all the amazing music. This is more dance than acrobats like the other CdS that I've seen, but I still loved it. Again I'm so glad I insisted on going, I was not disappointed and would have been for not making it while in Vegas. From the minute it starts to the finish it's a super exciting ride! Loved it!!!
5	This is the best thing I've ever seen and heard in my life.As a Beatles fan and a fan of theatre, this was amazing.I cried no less than 8 times, it was just breathtaking, whimsical, fun, emotional, it made you think.  It made you proud to be alive.It made me want to be born 30 years earlier so I could have experienced The Beatles.Ladies and Gentlemen, The Beatles!
4	I got tickets to "Love' for my husband for Father's Day in June.    We've seen couple of Cirque de Soleil before and wanted to catch this since many people raved about it.I must say it was awesome.  The music and choreography along with the dancing and acrobatics made this show exciting and on your feet constantly.  Even if you don't know the Beatle's music like my husband, you will enjoy it....very nicely done.This show wasn't as acrobatic as the others that we have seen but the song, props, dancing, set changes really ties in together and there is a lot to take in from many angles.If you are planning on going to Vegas I do recommend this show.  I bought mine through Smartervegas.com and got 2 front row seats for 99.00 each when it was on sale!  This website has good deals during certain time of the months for shows.  I just grabbed awesome seats for the Blue Man Show for 40% off.
5	This is the most spectacular show I have ever seen! The custom theater accommodates set pieces unlike you've ever seen outside of Vegas. From the car to the telephone booth to the wheel in the sky, the acrobatics defy gravity and the imagination. Love was less of a coherent narrative than I had expected; just sit back and enjoy the dreamscape. And of course, if you're not a Beatles fan, don't bother!
2	This review was from the 7:00 showing on August 27, 2009.It pains me to give this such a low score.I remember growing up a  Beatles fan, I appreciated the music and their contributions they made to the world.  My father would sit me down as a kid and  set up some old LP's and play it on his stereo system.  He told me about their history and I grew an appreciation for their music and lyrics.  As I walked in and got seated, we were seated in the middle of section 200, dead center stage.  We were really happy and excited with the tickets.  At first glance the stage venue is extremely impressive, it's massive and sits in a arena styled format.  I got seated and got to enjoy listening to some of the house music of the Beatles work, and I also enjoyed seeing a few of the circus performers take to form of John, George, Paul and Ringo all dressed from their different eras.  I especially liked the interactions that the butler with the silver teapot, made with the spectators while we waited for the show to start.  The show started out fine, but maybe about 20 minutes in, after the second or third song, all the dancers cleared the stage and some of the music resumed.  For about 5 minutes we sat there in the dark waiting for something to happen.  Nothing, we sat in the dark listening to Beatles music.  A few minutes later the house reports that there will be a temporary break and it will resume momentarily.  I'm not sure if one of the actors got hurt or if there was something wrong with the stage, but we sat there for 25 more minutes, in the dark listening to music.  The users didn't make it any easier, they tried to discourage us from getting up, insisting that the show will resume shortly.  They eventually got whatever they needed to be fixed, but with the show running behind schedule and in talking to a couple other people who have saw the review, have told me that they saw things that may have been cut out of our show, so they could catch up and make up time that they lost so they could be ready for the next show that was to come.  I was not interested in shelling out a 130 bucks again to find out.Despite the technical difficulties they had, there were some really glaring issues that I had that I couldn't over look.  First of all, this was Cirque du Soleil, I was expecting so see more acrobatics and other circus feats, but compared to shows like Ka, Zumanity and O, they seemed to have skimped on this aspect.  I understand they wanted to focus on the Beatles music, but, I know Beatles music, I would have rather wanted to see the interpretation that Cirque would have done with it.The other issue I had was due to the stage, at times, even from our central position in section 200, there were times the layout of the stage was cut out to accommodate more seating, as a result you got little corners that were obscured from view.  I found this flaw annoying especially, when some of the audience may have seen something really cool due to all the Ooohs and Ahhhs... and we couldn't see what happened.  Or there were quite a few times that there were so many performers on stage, that it began to look like a giant mob on stage and it became very easy to lose track on what you were supposed to look at.I think the thing that was probably most confusing was the lack luster story line, it felt as though they were trying to tell a story but failed to make it clear to the audience.  It was extremely loose and it seemed the director decided it would be a good idea for the audience to fill in the blanks.   It's not a good sign during  our forced intermission that we heard 6 conversations around us, asking about what the story line was.  If you want to be that abstract do what most ballets do and give us a freaking playbill with a background storyline.  This issue was significantly apparent in the first 4 scenes of the show.  There were also pretty of "what the hell" scenes as well, but I think that may have been due to the fact that they we trying to materialize the imagination of these four musicians when they were under LSD influences.I know for a fact most people will go see this show, regardless of my experience and if you appreciate the music, you should.  Just make sure you keep your expectations in check.  I made the mistake of building it up in head, but if I look at it objectively, as a Cirque du Soleil, it isn't in my top three productions, it's not even in my top five, it's probably my one least favorite of the Cirques.  I don't think I could shell 130 bucks on seeing the show again and see what I may have missed from another seating angle, instead I think I would rather go onto amazon.com and go ahead and buy the digitally remastered, Beatles Stereo Box Set...  It costs about the same.  I know I won't have any technical difficulties on my home stereo.
5	If you love the Beatles...you will be absolutely mesmerized by this show.  I have seen it twice already and would see it again!
5	We saw this show in the beginning of October.  This was my first time seeing Love and my Husband's second time. We both agree this was one of the best shows we have ever seen. I'm not that much of a Beatles fan but that doesn't matter this show will hold your attention from beginning to end. Each of the songs has it's own acrobatic display matching the song lyrics. For example during the song "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" the performer representing Lucy floats high above the stage as if in the sky. The show starts with their early songs and makes its way forward to the later songs.    If you're  in Vegas don't miss this show.
5	It was soo freaking awesome i didn't want it to end!
5	This amazing show is worthwhile even if you aren't a huge Cirque du Soleil fan like me. Or an even bigger Beatles fan. I need to see it again because there was so much there, I am sure I missed a lot.We had 2 row seats, so you can imagine what we experienced. This was one of the few Cirque Du Soleil shows that I have seen (out of 11) that I understood the storyline clearly too.
5	I can't say enough good things about this Cirque Show! Love is the kind of show that just makes everyone :)  It is a delight for your senses! The bright colors, fabulous music, dazzling performers and amazing theatre! Believe the other reviews - there is not a bad seat in the house!!! Seriously, I think the higher up you are the more you see! We absolutely loved it.
4	Well worth the $$$$!!  They are having a special of buy one ticket - get the 2ed for $25.00!  (I dont know when this special ends.)   Of course, the music was AMAZING!!  Like all Cirque show it was imaginative and soooo creative!!  Go see Love!  Take some one special and hold hands while you sing the songs!!   Long Live the Beatles!
4	Not your ordinary Cirque du Soleil, LOVE celebrates the music of the Beatles.  As such, you should probably be a fan or at least know the music since you are going to be there for 2 hours.  The sound and visuals are truly outstanding.  In some cases, the audio is so good and so enveloping, it's like hearing the songs for the first time.  While there is some of the trademark Cirque acrobatics to be amazed by, the focus here is clearly on the music and dazzling the senses with multimedia.  Also, unlike other Cirque shows, LOVE lacks a tangible storyline.  This in no way affects the show's greatness, however.  Highly recommended.
5	Loved, loved, LOVED the show!  I have been to almost every Cirque show in Vegas and this one did NOT disappoint!  I wasn't even a Beatles fan, but after LOVE, I just had to have the soundtrack!  I would go back and see this show as many times as someone would buy the tickets for me!  :)
5	3 trips to vegasEndless flow of alcoholclubbing until 5am..gambling until 7am...A variety of shows later...Love was my absolute favorite show of all - Perhaps its that special place I had for it right from the start. I had wanted to watch Love since my first trip, and finally, on my lates trip to Vegas, we were able to snag some tickets to this show. The staging is wonderful and I loved the crowd interactions and it appeals to all the senses, from sight to touch and of course, the amazing beatles music. Doesn't matter if youre not a beatles fan, or if you're 6 or 60, this show is so spectacular, it is designed to entertain and appeal to everybody.
5	Love, love, love, love this show! I wish it was longer!! I will definitely be back to see it again! Of all the Cirque du Soleil, this is my favorite. And, if you're a beatles fan or like the beatles, you MUST see this. I went with my cousin who doesn't know beatles songs.. I know, right?.. but she was still quite entertained. TIP: get a higher seat (it's cheaper and you see everything) At one point of the show, the audiences at the bottom were covered...  I highly recommend this show! I wish I went in earlier instead of on time so i could've taken pictures of the lobby area and redeemed by buy one get one free drink coupon thing that they handed out with the ticket.
5	This show was AMAZING. I turned to my husband no less than eight times to share the "how cool is that?!?" look. The props and coordination between the acts were remarkable.This was absolutely worth the price. I definitely think it's the best show in Vegas!
5	This show was the greatest thing I have ever seen. I'm not the biggest Beatles fan, but this show gave me a completely renewed appreciation for their music. Some of the highlights, without spoiling anything for future audiences: - The lighting effects during 'Come Together' where absolutely amazing. - Same comment on lighting for 'Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds'- I love that there are speakers built-in to the back of the seats, it adds to the show. The overall sound production for the show was amazing. - The show is extremely colorful, the sets and costumes were amazing.I cannot think of a single negative for this show. I didn't want it to end! Do not miss this show.
4	I am a huge Beatles fan. This show is a must see for any Beatles enthusiast like myself. I have seen plenty of Cirque shows and this is one of my favorites because the music is so wonderful with the stories that they put on for each song. The only downfall is that on some of the acts/songs (aka the lsd phase) there was so much going on all over the place that it was hard to keep focused. I feel like I missed so much and that I need to see it again in order to see everything.
5	Ok, I loved love!  What a great performance!  All the best Beatles songs set to dancing and acts by the amazing Cirque du Soleil performers!  Amazing feats of strenth, agility & balance.  Everything was perfectly choreographed.  The stage was an amazing thing in and of itself, with a 2 story drop floor/elevator that seamlessly floated up and down delivering performers, equipment, sets, etc.  Definately a lot to look at at all times, perhaps a bit too much going on, but I loved it all!  Go to tix4tonite 1/2 price ticket booth for great discounts on these shows when available.  We were 7 rows from the stage, and got tickets for around $120/each.  Go see this show, it replaced the equally awesome Siegfried & Roy show, and makes such wonderful use of that incredible showroom at the Mirage!  Bravo!
5	I know very little about the Beatles and was apprehensive about spending a lot of money on tickets. But at the end of the show, I couldn't have been happier. And more importantly, I was feeling a little cheated that the only music group that I had to grow up with was New Kids on the Block The dancing and acrobatics were amazing. It's a great theatre setup, and the higher seats are still fantastic for viewing all the stage. It was a multi-sensory experience. During Here Comes the Sun, I could smell the incense and was ready to practice my best meditations. The show is about 90 minutes and has no intermission so plan your eating, drinking and pottying accordingly.
5	It's an absolutely amazing show. I wasn't a big Beatles fan before the show but have a much greater appreciation for them after seeing Love. The show doesn't have as many awe-inspiring stunts like O or Mystere, but the story, music, and dancing make up for it. The set and costume design, as with all Cirque shows, is unbelievable and incredibly imaginative, like something out of a Terry Gilliam film. The story weaves together a little bit of history with the music and does a great job of showing how the culture and ideologies of the time influenced the Beatles' music and how their music was a perfect reflection of their world. Cirque does such a wonderful job of bringing the Beatles' music to life. They're able to complement and embellish beautiful lyrics with visuals that are equally as great.We had seats down by the stage and it was great to see everything up close. But, if you get seats a little higher up you might actually have a better perspective of everything that's going on. We spent a lot of time looking up. Either way, I don't think there's a bad seat in the house since it's a fairly small theater and the seats are all so close to the stage.
4	Love is a great Cirque du Soleil show though I have to admit that I didn't just fall head over heels.The acrobatics are wonderful and the costumes are really cute.  If you like Beatles music of course you will relish this show.  Having said that you really have to be into costumes and props to fully appreciate this performance.  This theatre used to be used for the Siegfried and Roy lion show and Cirque du Soleil spent a LOT of money transforming the venue and creating a multi million dollar sound system (with the help of one of the Beatles) to make sure there would be optimal sound for the experience.  The Beatles LOVE is meant to tell a story so it is a full theatrical experience all the way home.  Very cute and fun but if you are dying to pick just one Cirque show in Vegas to go see don't go here first unless you are a die hard Beatles fan.
5	If I could give this show 17 billion stars, I would.  This is the other thing you would do in Vegas to impress a girl, especially one named after a Beatles song.  I am obsessed.  I have a short attention span (some call it ADD) and I have to say I was entertained the entire time.  It was magical.  I'll be honest, the bald guy who looked like Powder freaked me out a little bit.  The other sad thing is that when I was a kid, my dream was to be a contortionist and join the circus.  I think going to shows will have to suffice.  I've come to terms with the fact that I'll probably never join the circus...unless I can grow a beard and become the bearded lady.
5	I love, love, love Love! It's so uplifting, colorful, and joyful. I went away from the show feeling better about the world. I would suggest this show to anybody. I would see this show over and over again. An especial plus to this show is that any seat in the house is great, and oddly enough, I think the cheaper, upper section, seats provided a better experience than the floor seats. Go see this show, and then see it again.
1	This was show was so confusing and boring that my bf and i left during their intermission! oh they, had technical problems too, so it was definitely a sign to leave!!!
5	Absolutely fantastic. I'd been wanting to check it for some time and had seen the original Cirque du Soleil years ago. I will admit I probably didn't splurge on Love sooner because I'm not that into the Beatles. Turns out I didn't have to as I was fortunate enough to score tickets in October from the nice folks at Cirque to review the show (they are so much fun follow them on twitter @cirque). This blew away any show I've seen in Vegas and I've been to many over the years. It was magical, fun, and emotional - you are taken on a journey through past times, wars, and different discoveries of love and humanity translated through mind blowing acrobatics and dance. The minute you walk into the theater you enter a psychedelic atmosphere of fantasy and characters from the concession stand to your seat. I was a little bit lost on character roles but no matter, did I mention it was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G? Every seat is a good seat at this show. My only advice would be to sit mid to back row vs. front row for full view - much of the performance happens in the air - and to stay out of the way of some of the special affects, unless you like being part of the show.
5	For sure a fan! I am not sure what some reviewers are talking about - THERE IS NOT INTERMISSION!!! Freaking liars!!! Anyway, LOVE is a great show, I was curious to see how they would incorporate a Beatles theme into the show, but they did it effortlessly. I love the new layout of Cirque shows in Vegas. If you have been to La Reve, you will understand that it is pretty hard to get a bad seat. We sat in the lower bowl, but I can tell even in the upper level, you will get a pretty view. I just prefer being a little closer. However, if you are too close you can be looking up at the performance. The coloring of the show is pretty crazy. I do not recommend the Bake-Heads to be under the influence for this show.  I want to check out Elvis now at Aria
5	I have grown up on The Beatles, with some of my earliest musical memories including riding in my dad's '76 Pontiac with Sgt. Pepper playing on the in-dash eight track player (yes, my dad was king of the Seventies). I know these songs intimately, and yet the music of LOVE was a delightful surprise. Pieces of the master tracks are combined in unexpected ways, creating a sound unheard before but at the same time totally familiar. The audio is enhanced by a sound system that I think even surpasses the one in the KA theatre at the MGM, with speakers in the seats, in front of each row, above, below, and in the surround. The theatre seating is in the round, which at first had me concerned that we would miss elements of the show, but the stage direction was so well coordinated that there could not be a bad seat in the house. Maintaining the standard of the other resident Cirque shows, the costuming, props, dancing, and acrobatics are a feast for the eyes. Simply amazing.Once you see LOVE I highly recommend viewing the documentary "All Together Now" which chronicles the development of the show from a conversation between George Harrison and Guy LaLiberte into the spectacle of the final form.
4	I was not a Beatles fan before seeing this show, but my wife was and I love seeing a new show, so....This show was excellent! The visual effects were stunning and the dancers were excellent. The music was woven seamlessly into the performance and all I can say was WOW! I'm a Beatles fan now!There was not a bad seat in the house! I think you're actually better off sitting a little higher just to make sure you can see everything.
4	Yes! I have completed my mission to watch all the Cirque du Soleil shows in Vegas! And I got to complete it with Hubby on our anniversary and special day. Very fitting that we saw the show named after Love. I planned it that way of course.We had pretty good seats, and both Hubby and I agreed that we liked the layout of the theater. It's different from other shows because the audience is seated all around the stage instead of only facing the stage in a half circle. Furthermore, it practically ensures that everyone gets a good view of the show. Because of the set up of the theater, I felt physically closer to the performers and as a result I felt more connected to the whole performance. I also really liked the fact that there were parts of the show that involved participation by the whole audience.Overall, I really liked the show. The only con is I love seeing acrobatics, but this show has less acrobatics than other Cirque shows, such as Mystere.
3	It's not the worst show I've seen but out of all the Cirque Du Soleils I have watched, this is probably one of my least favorites. More dancing and frolicking around and less acrobatics, amazing stunts/tricks, and somewhat lacks the "Ooohs! Ahhhs! That was insane."I get this was more of a tribute to the Beatles so if you're a fan, you will definitely enjoy. It kind of reminded me more of a musical. It's not that I don't enjoy the Beatles' tunes, but I just wasn't too into the show for some reason. However, most of the people seemed to enjoy it so maybe I'm the oddball. Don't let it discourage you, bring a hot date, she should still be grateful regardless.The show was only about 1.5 long with no intermission. I had pretty high seats and they still went for about $115 a piece. Leaving the theatre when everyone was exiting is equivalent to the 91 freeway during peak hours. All in all it was still a decent show and I will give them their deserved credit. It just doesn't sit at the top of my Vegas shows list.
5	WOW!!!!! A++++++ Best show I have ever seen both performance and technically!I am not sure I can describe or put into words how wonderful this show was..We were searching for a show to watch and were torn between the Le Reve and the Beatles Love show. After watching the commercials of both of the shows we decided on the Beatles Love show.  We searched on-line for discounted tickets and found a couple of sites. But ultimately decided to go to the box office and try to wheel and deal with them. As you might of heard Vegas has been suffering during this "economic downturn" (I hate that saying) but anyhow, the shows in Vegas have been having a hard time selling out. That's a good thing for us the audience. We were able to get ticket for 50% off. Score!  Upon entry of the lobby you start the whole Beatles Love experience. The lobby has all kinds of colors and different surface types. Also they have a snack bar much like a movie theater. They sell popcorn, soda, candy and Cocktails! Yeah! They sell regular drinks with one shot for $14 dollar and with very little arm twisting these mega 32oz cocktails with 3 shots in them for $20..... 3 times the alcohol for 6 bucks more, No brainier.When you enter the theater you notice a bunch of screens/scrims all over the place . At first I was like darn, we might have had bad seats... Later I found out I was I wrong. We were in the most perfect seats possible. Middle section and middle of the row seats. It's a 360 stage with seats all around the stage. After patiently waiting for around 25 minutes the announcement started. "Please no photos, blah blah blah... Here it goes, I thought let's do it! Show me the money!From the moment the show started until the very last second I was completely entertained and wowed with the design, technical execution of the show. I think the designer and producers of this show should win some award in they haven't already. I have been involved  in the production and entertainment industry for years and I was simply amazed with how well the performers performed and how well the technical and production staff put on this show.I don't want to give away any of the details of the show but the integration of the Beatles theme and music was done wonderfully and the storyline just flowed perfectly. I don't encourage any type of drug use nor do I use any but I can only imagine how trippy this show would be if you were under the influence. I was trippin and I was completely sober.There have been very few times I have seen a performance that just blows me away..... The Beatles Love show did just that.... If you are in the neighborhood and or just undecided on a Vegas show You Must see this one!Dino...)'(
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE "There's nothing you can do that can't be done. Nothing you can sing that can't be sung. Nothing you can say but you can learn how to play the game It's easy." I grew up on the Beatles and I haven't heard them in years. Cirque is like walking into a dream with the soundtrack of the Beatles, Legendary songs, like, "Because", "Get Back", and "Something in the way". I cried. 8 times. It was beautiful. Of course, if you're a Beatles fan, you have a vision of what the show should be, but you have to let the artist in you go and watch the show as Cirque interprets it. The theater entrance is a fabulous splash of technicolor LED floors and blares Beatles music. People are dancing outside the theater before and after the show.  I did. *blush* They even have speakers behind every seat! If you go for any show, I always recommend getting the best seats that you can. For this show it is defiantly worth it. I sat in the second row and could almost touch and feel the expressions on the casts faces. This is the way the show should be experienced! At one point of the show, a bed with children on it roll out into the center of stage, and starts to elevate into the sky while the children pulling out the white sheets from the bed.  The covers start coming towards you, until the entire audience is under a white canopy with psychedelics and visuals shining through it! We become a part of the dream.... Loved it. "All you need is love, all you need is love, All you need is love, love, love is all you need. All you need is love (all together now) All you need is love (everybody) All you need is love, love, love is all you need." The Beatles and Cirque? HELL YEAH!!!!! Standing Ovation! One of the best shows in Vegas right now!Bravo!
5	WOW! Ok so I never thought I would see something new at a Cirque show. This was a last minute decision to join to join them at this show and it was such the right decision. Its like an acid trip but without the drugs! so beautiful, so enchanting, so trippy! Who dreams up this stuff? Totally worth every dollar!If I had only one show to see in Vegas while I was here, this would be it!
4	4.5 starsif you're a Beatles' Fan this one is for you.Now i'm not going to say i'm a Beatles' Fan.. but i do enjoy listening to their songs. THere were some songs I did not recognize. Overall i enjoyed every single second of it. Interesting stageGreat performanceThis show will definitely make you want to sing and dance along.if you're not a Beatles' fan... i guess you can pass this this show. But if you are a cirque show fan..then i think it's worth seeing just to see the difference between this one vs. the usual cirque du soleil shows.
5	I was the girl with kaleidoscope eyes mesmerized by movement, symmetry, patterns, beauty, colors, and dimensions.Picture yourself in a seat in a theatre Double fisting your drinks that rest on your thighsSomebody loves you, you think of them fondly The girl who always cries Floating acrobatic dancers with a white sheetParachuting over your headLook for the boy with flowers in his handAnd he's goneShaila in the night with thousandsLeena in the night with thousandsAnjali in the night with thousandsFollow us down to a bar by a fountainWhere swaying gluttons eat truffle french friesEveryone smiles as you drift past the flowersThat grow so incredibly high Old yellow taxis appear on the curbWaiting to take you awayClimb in the back with your head in the cloudsAnd you're gone
5	There are so many reviews, I really don't need to add anything except I want to see it get an OVERALL rating of 5 stars because it was that good.  It is very heavy on the song and dance and less about crazy stunts up in the air (although they are in the air also!).  It kept me totally entertained...no dozing off in the dark room (that was my KA review).  I loved this show!!! Made me so happy.  I know Beatles music but I wouldn't necessarily call myself a FAN - although you can't help but be after leaving love.  LOVE you, Love!
4	Beatles fans, prepare to wet your pants, because this is 2 hours of Beatles euphoria.The stage is in the center, with the audience surrounding it.  This leads to some awkward seats and awkward angles.  Also,  there were a couple of the acts, where me and my brother were literally like "wtf why is this even happening".  They just didn't seem to fall into place.but if you want to reminisce of the times where music was ACTUALLY music, then this is the show for you
4	The only reasons this doesn't get 5 stars from me is that "O" and "KA" are so amazing... and I would rather see either of those Cirque shows rather than this one.. that being said.. this is like all Cirque produced shows.. AMAZING, gorgeous, inspiring...  if you are a Beatles fan you will love it even more...Worth the money...
1	If I could give it less than 1 star  I would! This show is a complete waste of time and money. The only reason it exists is the brand name of "Cirque" and to take money from unsuspecting tourists.I have seen "O", Mystere, and Zoomanity several times and most of the traveling shows and have loved them all. "Love" on the other hand is terrible and not worth the time or money. 95% of the show is a bunch of teenagers dressesd in 70's costumes running around on stage dancing to Beatles music, with no plot and no "wow" moments like the other shows have. The highlight is literally 4 guys dressed as the Beatles on roller blades going over a couple of ramps. Trust me save,  if you really like the Beatles, your $300 would be much better spent buying all their albums!
5	Who doesn't like the Beatles? And if you Love them, you will surely cream your pants during this show. What better place to do that than in Vegas?I had never seen a Cirque performance before, so I can't comment on how this one compares to the others -- but on its own, it was quite an elaborate spectacle, infusing projected images with talented dancers, acrobats, skaters, and all sorts of props to provide creative, evocative, and sometimes provocative renditions to the Lovely songs.We bought our tickets through the Mirage website, which provided for a 25% discount. While there is a such thing as awesome seats, there are also no bad seats per se because of all the projectile action. In fact, if you're higher up, you could get a nice glimpse of the bigger picture.We hit up will call early, and they gave us two-for-one drink tickets for the lounge, to be patronized before the show. We were thus charmed into getting two drinks each and double-fisting during the show. Good stuff.
5	I've seen a handful of Cirque Du Soleil shows and this is hands down my favorite. First I have to say that I am a Beatles fan. I love the music, I've studied their history, and have all their CDs. However, you don't need to be a huge fan to enjoy this. It's not as "acrobatic" as other Cirque Du Soleil shows, but it's more beautiful. It really tells a story of the Beatles history as they progressed in their music. It's not easy to do anything with Beatles music today because of the fear that it's so easy to butcher their music, but this show does the band justice. The songs were remixed by Paul McCartney himself and still maintain that Beatles feel to them.Every time a new act started and another Beatles song started I got excited. I didn't want this show to end! If they had a cheap deal on tickets, I would come back and see it again! My favorite acts were Eleanor Rigby, Something, and Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite. Go see this!
5	Is it possible to have a big fat smile on your face for 95 minutes?  I think so!  I have now seen 3 Cirque Du Soleil shows and LOVE was actually my first.  LOVE popped my cherry and I compare every other CDS show it and nothing can beat it.  I mean, a show with just music from The Beatles?  Everything was awesome from the walkway into the show, the staff dressed up in show attire, the drinks [and the names of the drinks], the gift shop, and oh wait, let me give some props to the show itself too.  From the first minute when the drapes fall to the standing ovation at the finale, it was just CDS bliss.  Some acts were simply beautiful, others were fun and cool.  I think it was Octopus' Garden where a huge white sheet was pulled across the audience in all directions and we happened to sit at the row where the sheets ended, so as the sheets were moving up and down, I mean....best seats in the house, it was so pretty!  I still listen to the soundtrack to this day and it makes me happy.  I mean, as crazy as it sounds, I would actually go see this show again.  If you enjoy/like/love The Beatles, you cannot miss this show!  Any seat is a good seat.
4	Amazing! This was my first Cirque show, and if the others are anything like this one, I'd love to see more. I'm a HUGE Beatles fan, so I, of course, had to see this one first. The music was great, duh, but I was also blown away by the sheer athleticism of the performers. They are all simply incredible. I also loved the art direction of the show; the sets, the scrims (I especially loved the images projected on them), the costumes, etc. The interpretation of the songs and the lives of the Beatles' was so interesting and I'm very excited to watch "All Together Now," the documentary based on the creation of this show all the more. If you're a Beatles' fan, this show is a must see.
5	Absolutely breathtaking, nothing can compare!!!I've seen almost all the Cirque du Soleil shows, in Vegas as well as the traveling ones. They really out did themselves with this one!Let me start off by saying.....I'm not like the majority of people who go to see this show, I'm not a HUGE Beatles fan who just can't get enough for them. I mean don't get me wrong, I enjoy a lot of their songs and have immense respect for their longevity. I have to disagree with one of the other reviews don't think there is any awkward/bad seats in this place, the way it is set up is amazing and very well done. Like one of the other reviewers, I did seat in a seat right where the sheet ended in the last act and I have to say those probably are the best seats (in the middle area) if there is a "best seat in the house." As crazy as this may sound, I would defiantly see it again, even with ticket prices around $180
5	For our recent trip to Vegas, my hubby and I could not decide which Cirque show to see especially after all the great reviews on yelp.  We decided to end up seeing both O and LOVE and hands down, there was no question as to which one was better.LOVE was absolutely amazing. I'm a big Beatles fan, but even if I hadn't had a prior personal connection to the music, I still would have been blown away. The show was visually stimulating -- there was always something to see and the fact that it was a theatre in the round made it interesting and exciting because you never knew where to look next. We were up in the nosebleeds (yeah for student discounts!) and I felt I had a phenomenal seat!  I didn't miss a thing and the perspective was really unique! During the infamous white sheet scene, I could not get over how beautiful it was to see it from the noosebleeds!Compared to other Cirque shows, there wasn't the typical strength displays and death defying acts, but the music made up for that.  This show made me so genuinely happy and I couldn't stop smiling the entire time.O felt more old fashioned...it was good, but not as great as LOVE.  If you're debating between the two, I 100% recommend LOVE over O.
5	While I am not a huge Beatles fan, I do enjoy the music from time to time.  I have seen many cirque shows and this one far exceeded any of the others - I was blown away!We actually ended up here because we had a glitch with another show and thank god we did, as we lucked into 1/2 price tickets for awesome seats.  From what I could tell of the venue, there were no bad seats.  I don't like to see shows twice, or even movies for that matter, but after seeing "love", I shouted, "I would see this again tomorrow!"
5	You MUST MUST MUST watch this show. You will have a great time! It is not as acrobatic as the other Cirque shows, it's more choreography and theatrics. You will smile during and after the show.
4	Hey Jude!  I Loved Me (Do) some "Love", although it's not perfect.  When you walk in, you'll be wondering if you Can't Buy Me a better seat, as the large see through curtains that drop from the high ceiling to the stage are going to obstruct your view (they drop away in the first act, after which I Feel Fine). The staging, which is "in the round", is unique and creative - seating was offered for half price, and the front area of the theater is colorful and really gives the 1960s Beatles vibe. I'd say don't change anything here - Let It Be. We got our Ticket to Ride and entered the theater With A Little Help From My Friends.Some of the scenes in "Love" are really overly confusing and have just too much going on, and just make you say Hello Goodbye. You may find yourself saying "Whiskey Foxtrot Tango?" in some scenes. (Almost like being Back In The USSR).   And much of the amazing acrobatics that Cirque shows are known for are gone from this production, and in its place is just generic dancing, running fast, and facial expressions. But on the other hand, when they get it right, it's so right.  The sun made out of candles for "Here comes the Sun", featuring rope climbers, was perfection, and beautiful.  The aerialists and performers in simple white that were involved in the production of "Something in the Way She Moves" were so spot on perfect, that it brought a tear to my eye.  Outstanding.Unfortunately, the scenes that were chaotic and confusing seemed really out of place.  I guess you can say they didn't Come Together. The ushers were hit and miss (one was really rude, but he probably had a Hard Day's Night), and you might find a few favorites missing if you are a big Beatles fan.  Overall, highly recommended - most people will enjoy this immensely.  As it turns out, All You Need is Love.
4	Great show, especially if you're a Beatles fan! When I compare it to shows like O or Le Reve, those shows definitely have more of the "WOW" factor. All the great Beatles songs were featured during the show, and of course, who can go wrong with the Cirque du Soleil visuals! WOW!Still a must see when you're in Vegas!
5	It seems like I'm preaching to the choir, but I loved Love.  My bf and I sat in seats Sec 209, Row R, Seats 23-24.  The view was great, I didn't feel like I was missing out.  Also, I agree that I felt like there was a lot of things going on up higher, and I particularly felt grateful for sitting up high when they busted out the parachute, which was an awesome effect.  I absolutely can't wait to check out the rest of the Cirque du Soleil shows!
5	This is the first Cirque Du Soleil act I've seen in Vegas and wow were my expectations High (not only because I'm a Beatles Fan but also because of the hype of my fellow yelpers and overhearing the "ooo's" and "ahh's" from random people throughout the strip (not to mention the ever so friendly check-in associate at the Mirage praising the show)).I loved the whole show! Even the chaotic parts had a definite story to tell which was relevant to that particular Beatles song.We sat in Sec 206 Row M Seat 13-14 and the whole "white cloth" part of the act was interesting to be a part of~.I would definitely see it again when I go back to Vegas with my gf. Mirage...great choice on having the show there!btw favorite song & act: "Something"
5	Without appearing too lame, I basically knew one or two Beatles songs coming into this. My parents grew up with it so knew most of the songs. That being said, they loved it, and I did too. Awesome sound system, might be loud for some but shouldn't be too bad.Show was just great. So much is going on that if you watch something awesome happening, you're likely missing out on something else awesome happening elsewhere on the stage. So if I ever go back, I'm gonna try to watch the show without focusing to get the whole picture. We'll see how that goes.
5	This is by far my favorite show in Vegas. If you are a Beatles fan it is not to be missed. It's inventive and you will be blown away by the acrobatic feats performed on the stage. The music is of course amazing. I urge everyone to check this show out, you will not be disappointed. I also recommend splurging on the best seats you can, we sat about six rows back from the stage and it was incredible, completely worth it.
1	Such a disappointment.  My wife and I are huge Beatles fans.  We have never seen a cirque show before, so we were thrilled to get the chance.  This did not live up to expectation. There were three "stunts" that wowed us, but we were expecting a show of that.  It was much more of a dance performance than a circus performance, and one without a coherent message or story at that.
3	After seeing all the great reviews, I had high expectations for this show. We sat in section 209 row P and had a pretty good view of the entire stage. Since I've seen two other Cirque shows before I was expecting more acrobatic and stunts and not as much dancing.   I guess it did not help that I got stuck sitting right in front of a drunk guy. His ranting of obscenities and shrill whistling every few minutes definitely distracted me from enjoying the greater half of the show until his wife was kind enough to finally make him leave. He was warned by a  staff member prior to the start of the show but once the show started not a single usher was seen.  If they knew someone was a problem, you would think they would better monitor the situation. After the show ended my bf went to complain and they claimed they kicked him out of the show midway, which was funny because we did not notice anyone coming near our area asking him to leave.  At least they did take a little bit of responsibility and refunded a portion of my ticket back.  Maybe if I was not so agitated in the beginning I could've given the show a higher rating.
5	We first saw this show in 2008 and was impressed then.  Last evening we saw it again and swore that there have been changes to the program in two years, but we were highly impressed again.  The music and the visuals were what we liked the first time, especially the color and the energy.  I didn't think the sound system was especially loud and I was sitting in Section 200.  One strange event happened right in front of us when the guy in front of us was read the riot act by the usher for apparently using the flash on his camera during the performance.  The usher stood in front of the seated gent and gave him the what-for for what seemed to have been at least three minutes.  Guess it taught him a lesson.One hint for will call customers:  make sure you get in line in front of the ticket office at least 45 minutes before the show as the lines can be a mix of will calls and new ticket buyers.  We stood in line for about 30 minutes but the actually process of providing appropriate identification and obtaining the tickets only took a couple of minutes.Great show!  Want to see it again in a couple of years and hope it gets on the road in the not too distant future.
4	The Beatles Love Show was pretty good.  Went with two other couples and everyone seemed to enjoy the whole show, from the flying around, acrobatic moves, to of course, the Beatles music they performed to.  This is definitely a show to watch in Vegas for all ages.Overall, good show, okay price to watch.
4	I AM NOT a Beatles fan, so I couldn't really appreciate the music like other people in my party.  And if you ever watched a Cirque show then you know music is an important part of the show.  With that being said, I still enjoyed the show regardless of the music.  Why?  The costumes were very amazing as well as all the special effects.  Things and people were coming from underground, the air, the sides, and my favorite part was when one of the special effects extended out to the audience.. don't one to give that one away though. I thought the ending could've been better, but overall the entire show was near-perfect.
4	Pretty cool show, beautiful and if you are a fan of the Beatles or for that matter music in itself make sure you catch this show.
4	You will either love it or hate it.If you love The Beatles, you probably won't  mind spending $110 to experience the music via visual interpretation. If you are KINDA a fan, you may fall asleep.  It's not death defying acrobatics, but it is entertainment. If you want naked people or something that will knock your socks off, head elsewhere. Needless to say, I enjoyed myself very much. I was moved, touched, and at some points choked up. I was a little worried when I sat in my nosebleed seats.  Luckily, there is no  bad seat in the house...and the bed transformation is visible from everywhere. ACES.
5	Okay, I was blown away! Amazing! If I did drugs, then watching this is what I think having a great trip would have been. It's a beautiful dream that's takes you on a journey telling you the story of the Beatles and their music. Visually amazing and I think the show plays well in any seat you have. We had terrific seats, but the theater is set up in a way that is very clean to see the stage. This was my first Cirque du Soleil show so I was impressed and definitely want to see the others. This made our night in Vegas. great dinner and show, then some gambling. we had one night to have some fun and I have no regrets. We has loads of fun! Great experience!
5	Oh wow. LOVE is one of the most enchanting shows I've seen in my life. You know that feeling when you are giddy like a child and your eyes are big and you can't help but smile? Yep, that was me for the entire span of LOVE.I am a huge fan of The Beatles, but even if you aren't I think that this is a performance you would enjoy at any age. When Sir Nicholas and I left the show we asked each other our favorite parts and truth be told it was hard to name the ones we like best because we liked them all. But, we managed to narrow down some highlights and I'll put them here for you. If you've never seen LOVE and don't like things ruined for you don't read any further...Nick loved two parts best, one was a reoccurring theme of VW Beatles that ended with one actually made of different parts on handles with performers holding each piece inside the vehicle. At one point the car breaks apart and all these dancers spill out using a wheel hub or hood as an accessory for their act. It was quick charming. The other part was a trampoline set where there were four trampolines in the floor and the performers used them along with nets and a big red English phone booth to do the most amazing acrobatic acts.While I liked both of those acts, too I thought that a foursome on roller skate (Maybe roller blades? I don't know because I couldn't see the wheels thanks to their shaggy white boot covers.) that used ramps to do their tricks was amazing. They were all perfectly in sync with hitting the highs in the air and on their tricks. But, for the song that stole the show when put together with the act I'd have to say Lucy in the Sky was the hands down winner for me. This started with a giant sheet covering the entire audience that reminded me of being in elementary gym class. They withdrew the white covering and the entire theater looked light we were out in the night sky, but a trippy version. Then a lovely red headed girl along with accompanying aerialists performed their act that seemed to showcase the song beautifully.The tickets range from $100 - $150 for performance I think and this is one show where I say the $150 is worth it. It's a memory that likely won't soon fade, especially if you've ever liked any Beatles tune at all.
5	Everyone's reviews says it all.  This show was awesome, i do like almost all of the Cirque du Soleil except for Zumanity.  But this show is definitely on the top end of ALL of their show.  Check it out.  They also arrange the seating so that it seems that you dont really get a bad view.
5	What a spectacular show!! I was highly impressed, and so was my hubby! Our seats were in the nose bleed section on the balcony level. I purchased the tix at a discount from Cirque Du Soleil for $90 per person. In all honesty, I don't think there is even a bad seat in the whole building! The effects of the show just kept us in awe every moment and rocking out to the good old Beatles songs, it was awesome! This is my 7th Cirque show, and it is probably one of my top 3!
5	This was a really great show, and was definitely the highlight to one of my trips to Vegas. The only other Cirque du Soleil show I had ever seen was Le Reve at the Wynn. I thought that was kinda boring since it felt so repetitive with guys just jumping in and out of the water. LOVE was a much more diverse show using bungee chords, trampolines, skate ramps, etc. The costumes were a lot more diverse and they also used a lot of video projections. There is so much going on, that it is almost too much to see. But since there is no real central story to follow, you can just look around the stage at whatever is the most interesting thing going on at that moment. It really helps to be a Beatles fan. Even if I wasn't that impressed with what was happening on stage, which only happened 2 times during the 26 different music pieces, I still loved hearing the Beatles songs. My gf only knew a handful of songs, and that made her appreciate those parts of the show more, but she still really enjoyed the whole show.
5	Having seen over 12 different Cirque du Soleil shows, I was looking real forward to Love. Being a huge Beatles fan. The show didn't disappoint. It was played in the round so there wasn't a bad seat in the house and with speakers built in the chairs you defiantly could hear the music. Great video enhanced the show. There is action going on everywhere , I can't wait to see it again to see what I missed it. Another hit !!
1	My girlfriend and I are huge Beatles and Cirque du soleil fans and we were really excited to see this show. We loved beatles music and we love Cirque Du soleil so of course we would enjoy this show right? wrong!This isn't like other cirque shows (mystere, ka, corteo, kooza), this is more like a dance show to beatles music. There are very little trapeze acts, contortionists, and things that amaze you. Instead people dance and walk around, come down from bungies, and rollerblade. Nothing here is truly amazing.I was bored when watching this and couldn't wait for it to end. after paying $150 for tickets we felt ripped off! We had to see another show to feel satisfied and saw the blue man group the next night (which was awesome by the way). If you haven't seen a cirque show you will probably like this show, but if you've seen other traditional shows you will probably be bored. It seems Cirque is just lending their name out to new dance shows (viva Elvis, Chris angel believe), so I won't see any of these shows since I heard they're basically the same. If you haven't seen a cirque show before I highly recommend Mystere at the treasure island. You will not be disappointed.
5	Just amazing. I have seen it twice and would definitely go back for more. The mixing of the songs together and original Beatles talk sessions is great. It is not as acrobatic and full of crazy tricks like other Cirque shows so be aware before buying tickets (as seen from disappointed reviews below!) This is by far the best show on the strip in my opinion.. both times I have been, I saw the show from a different angle and it is completely different as there is so much happening on the stage. Highly recommended to a true Beatles fan, both young and old.
5	I've seen this show twice now and I loved it both times. If you haven't seen it, it's well worth it. Any seat is good but the experience will be different in different spots.
5	Yes. Yes! Yes yes yes yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyes.   Go. Go now. Cirque du Soleil's The Beatles LOVE is Enlightenment in a theatre. Brilliant everything. A plus. 11 out of 10. You get the picture.Incredible from start to finish. Pure perfection. I will see this more than once. And I have seen many different Cirque shows to compare.
5	Words cannot describe how amazing this show is. I have no idea how these performers can move like they do. The props, scenery and costumes are like candy to the eye. Each one out does the next. Of course the music is great - The Beatles - do I say more. This is by far the best Cirque du Soleil show.
4	So if you are a huge Beatles fan you MUST see this show. It was a great show! I really liked how small the theater is and the shape of the stage. There is sooo much color in this shows it's kinda crazy. I did feel that there was so much going on every second that if I blinked I would miss something. So make sure when you sit down to see the show that your bladder is empty because you don't want to miss anything. If you are a drinker get your liqueur before you go in because the drinks are hella pricey especially if you are use to getting free drinks in Vegas. WARNING- DO NOT EVEN TRY TO TAKE PICTURES IN THE THEATER. THE SECRET SPY POLICE WILL CATCH YOU AND THROW YOU OUT AND THEN CALL YOU NAMES. TRUST ME IT'S NOT PRETTY!!!!!! DON'T DO IT.
5	EXCELLENT!I've seen all the cirque shows in vegas and was quite impressed with this performance. not only was i delighted with the MO, but really enjoyed the storyline presented in this show which is somewhat different than their other shows.I also cannot RAVE enough about the props used in this show and variety of stunts =Di will admit, i am not a beatles music fan, but i really grooved down to this show.the seats at this show were awesome!  it appeared no seat was a bad seat... also different than most of their shows, the seats were centered around the stage with moveable props... i wont spoil it for you... DIG DEEP PEEPS, AND SPEND THE MONEY FOR THIS SHOW!
5	An absolutely FUN show with a capital "F."  Much different from the other Cirque shows since it's not chockful of daring acrobatics like "O" or "Ka" but it's sure to please.  You don't even have to be a Beatles fan to appreciate the show cuz the music is fun and it looks like a big party down on the stage.   Like other Yelpers have said, there is no bad seat in the theater.
5	I'm in my mid 40's.  I've seen a fair amount of rock shows and staged musicals.  This trumps everything I've seen.  Easily the best show of anything.  It turned me into a Cirque Du Soleil fan... which I thought would never happen.  Yes, I'm a Beatles fan, but they weren't my number one act until this show.  And then, I was like... who am I kidding?  Nothing is better than this music.  And nothing will ever beat the staging of this music than this show.I've seen it four times now.  It's my Church, which I must visit now and again.  I once stood outside the show getting out, just to see the blown away faces.  A lady asked me to take her picture, and it was Denise Crosby.  I said, "That was incredible, wasn't it?"  She was speechless.Don't know what to do on your next anniversary?  Yes you do.This isn't a five star show.  More like fourteen.  It's WAY off the map.
2	Cirque du Soleil prices without the Cirque du Soleil talent.  I kept waiting to be amazed by people doing things with their bodies that I can't do.  That's why I pay you the big bucks, people!  The costumes and music (of course) are fantastic, though.
5	I've always loved the Beatles.. we watched Across the Universe before going for Love - made the experience that much more fun!Love is SPECTACULAR. Of all the Cirques I've seen, this was the most unique in that it offered an additional sensory experience for the show-goers. Keep your eyes, ears, and nose wide open... and make sure you have a place to rest your margarita glass if you buy one for the show!__________________________________________If I could do it all over again, I'd save the best for last and do it in the following order: 1.) Zumanity, 2.) Mystere 3.) Love, 4.) Ka, 5.) Le Reve, 6.) O - Haven't seen Elvis or Believe, but I'd bet they'd go well either before/after Love.
5	Just saw this in Vegas this weekend for my mom's 60th birthday. There was a group of 10 of us and we took up half a row! We all met at the REVOLution Bar before the show for drinks. It's a fun bar and you can sit in the letters of revolution. Nice and cute server too and it's pricey, but it's Vegas!For the show we had the perfect seats. We were 6 rows up (above the VIP section) and right in the center. I will say this again- for Cirque Du Soleil, you do not want to be too close. Last time I went to a show and sat VIP I constantly had to move my head back and forth to see what was happening and felt that I missed a lot for lack of peripheral vision. This time this did not happen. We were far enough back that we could see the whole stage and all that was happening. Cirque shows usually have so much going on at the same time, and this show was no exception. I definitely recommend sitting further back to try and catch all that is going on.So the show was awesome. Obviously if you LOVE the Beatles (and who doesn't?) you will enjoy it that much more. The whole show was very artsy and more like a choreographed dance/play than another show I've been to. It was very trippy and every song had it's own different interpretation. It gave you a lot to think about and also had a lot of moments where you say, " how did they do that??!!"So although I would have preffered a little more acrobatics and crazy stunts, the show was still very intertaining and pretty incredible. I mean the costumes and creativity were unreal and I really enjoyed the "mini acts". It was a great show, very well done, and well worth it if you like Cirque, Beatles, and have extra time in Vegas.I can't wait for my next show!
5	At first I wasn't sure what I thought of this cirque. I've seen "O" at the Bellagio before, which was just amazing, and which I'd highly recommend.I recently watched a documentary on the making of "Love" and they said it was not typical of the cirque formula, but instead was more like a musical. I wholeheartedly agree with that statement. I thought it was AMAZING, but very different from other cirques I've seen.The music really set it apart, and the creators set out to make the performance enhance the music. There are so many things going on at the same time throughout the performance sometimes it's hard to know where to look! I like how they varied the pace throughout the show, using fast or slow songs, and I also loved the variety of performances. You had acrobats, gymnasts, a section where performers were rollerblading on a ramp...the whole thing felt like sensory overload by the time we left!I am dying to see this again - we bought the CD when we left, and the way they mixed the music was amazing. If you like Beatles paraphenalia, be sure to check out the Love store. I always find something cool to buy there!
4	My first Cirque du Soleil experience.  First of all lets talk about how awesome it is to be able to get adult drinks and popcorn and treats and take it in to the theater.  It felt like such a treat, welcome to Vegas!  This show was performed in the round so there really isn't a bad seat in the house although there are some parts of the show that are unique to certain sides of the stage but there is so much going on at all times it is hard to see everything anyways (I felt like watching one part of the stage I was missing something more exciting on another part).  There seemed to be speakers in the head rest part of the seat and at sometimes I felt the volume could have been a little softer for my eardrums i.e. the screaming Beatles fans.  The performers were great and although I was expecting a little more acrobatic moves and less dancing I guess they can't be just flinging themselves across the stage or on objects the entire show, they're only human.  All in all a wonderful show, amazing abilities, and of course great music.
4	LOVE was a chaotically organized, beautiful mess.  I LOVED it! I'm huge Beatles fans and really appreciate the way the LOVE album was portrayed. Now, this is NOT your typical Cirque show. I was expecting many more jaw-dropping acrobatics and not so much dancing and galloping about, but the makeup, costumes, choreography and, of course, music went so well together, it didn't really matter. I HIGHLY recommend sitting in the upper level. Not only are they much cheaper but you get to see EVERYTHING that is going on.
5	If you like the Beatles and enjoy Cirque du Soleil performances, then The Beatles LOVE is one of the best shows you will see in Las Vegas.
5	Awesome show! Took the wifey for her birthday and we had a great time! It's like being at a Beatles concert with tons of exciting things happening all around you through out the show.
5	Amazing.I had goosebumps the whole time.
5	I thought I had a pretty good idea as to what I was in for.  I must admit, it wasnt what I expected - but it was absolutely amazing!  I do like the Beatles, but I would say I am a super-fan. I thought it was quite an emotional show, but mostly feel good happy emotions.  The "cirque" attention to detail is never-ending.  Like other Cirque shows, it's hard to take it all in, but I gave it my best shot.  I was quite impressed by the way they draw your attention away when setting up transitions. The show is pricey, our tickets ran $170/each.  Going in, I was thinking about that $170, but coming out it was the last thing on my mind.  They gave me my money's worth!Check out the Revolution Lounge after the show.  They have some cool digital tables that are quite entertaining.
5	Mind-boggling. Fantastic. Marvelous. Wondrous. Prodigious. If you look up those words in the dictionary, you should find The Beatles LOVE in there. This show was such a beautiful depiction of music, dance, and art all thrown into the same pot. I've been to other Cirque shows, they are amazing, but this one tops all of them. If you are a Beatles fan you will be moved, sitting at the edge of your seat the whole time, wanting to jump-out-of-your-skin you're so excited, and giddy like a 5 year old child in Disney World. I had goosebumps throughout the entire show. I wanted to laugh, cry, so many emotions ran through me. In my book, this is the best show EVER... will definitely be booking my tickets the next time I'm in Vegas. I can see this show 2, 3, 4, 5 times and moreeeee!  Best money I've ever paid to see a show. Technicolor LED floors, speakers in every seat, dancing, flying artists, Beatles music... what more can you want?!?! A million thumbs up to these people, they really bring out the spirit of The Beatles in LOVE.
5	Little darling the smiles returning to the facesLittle darling it seems like years since it's been hereHere comes the sunand I say it's alright...at CIRQUE DU SOLEIL LOVE! - Beatles (here comes the sun)Here comes the sun du du du...dang the song is still stuck in my head...which means the show did its job! I think this is one of the longer running Cirque shows on the strip and i can see why. They continually attract a huge audience and after watching it, i wouldn't be surprised if people kept coming back again and again. I wouldn't say im anywhere close to being the biggest Beatles fan as i only have their greatest hits cd, but most of the songs they play here are recognizable and fun. There's an interesting mix of acrobatics and performance dance as well as jumps, skates, and creative use of props. Without giving away too much, this 90 min show with no intermission appeals to the masses. I also got extremely good seats late in the afternoon of the day of the performance so feel free to drop in anytime. I sat in the pit and you could see everything up close, but looking at the size of the theatre and the setup of the stage, i dont think there's a bad seat in the house :)
3	LOVE is so underwhelming...heh. Sadly, I sat through the entire show dumbfounded that most of the people in the stadium probably paid full price for the tickets. I knew some of the songs, but I feel like I was missing out since I didn't get all the references. What's with the umbrella and rainboots? Anyway, if you want to see people dance around, and the occasional circus trick, then come see Love. Otherwise save your money and go watch KA, O or Zumanity.Notes on tickets:I spent quite a bit of time looking for a good deal (for a show on Mother's Day weekend.) You can get tickets on Vegas.com with discounted gift cards from Costco; log onto Cirque de Soleil's site (http://www.cirquedusoleil.com/lasvegas/en/promotions) for current deals (usually 25% off selected shows) or book tickets on Mirage's website (sometimes for better deals.) Note: students get 35% off and active military get 40%. I was set on booking the 25% off but changed my mind at the last minute. When we arrived in Las Vegas, we went to a Tix4Tonight kioski on the strip and purchased great seats for $99 after tax. They were "category 2" seats.Notes on seating:There's not a terrible seat in the house, but I can see how some seats would be better than others. Like most Cirque shows, the best seats in the house is NOT the most expensive. The people that sit in category 1 (closer to the stage) actually have to look up the whole time. It's stadium seating so the best seats are actually further up (towards the middle.)
5	This was my first cirque de soleil show. This was my 6th time to vegas without seeing this show which i have been dying to see. It was amazing!!! I was on the edge of my seat everytime. I mean what possibly could be better than all these stunts to the beatles. I mean cmon what could possibly be better than that??? GO SEE IT!!!!
2	I am trying to figure out why this show is so highly rated and for the life of me, I can't understand why there are so many 5 star ratings.The funny thing is that most of the people who give the show 5 stars are not Beatles fans!  If you're not a Beatles fan, maybe you've never really been exposed to the music before.  I am a big Cirque fan and a HUGE Beatles fan.  I can recite every lyric from every Beatles song as well as tell you what album and track any song is from.  I already know Beatles music is great.  Maybe that's why I was so disappointed by the show.To me it just seemed like a bunch of people jumping up and down to the rhythm of Beatles music.  They were literally bouncing up and down on trampolines to Beatles songs.  There was too much of too little going on at the same time -- it all seemed a bit disorganized and schizophrenic (perhaps they were just trying to make the audience feel like they were on acid?).When I walk away from a Cirque show, I usually grab my friends and say, "Can you believe the guys who did X?"  "Weren't the girls who did Y amazing?"  Cirque shows are supposed to be about acrobats pushing the envelope of what the human body can do.  It's hard for me to get excited about people bouncing up and down.I can name 5 jaw-dropping feats from O.  I can name 5 eye-rubbing feats from Mystere.  I loved the Chinese Diabolo (yo-yo) girls from Quidam.  What do I remember about LOVE?  There was one cool thing that they did with a Transformer-like VW Bug, although there was nothing acrobatic about it.  They also ran a giant tarp over the entire audience that got sucked up by a vacuum cleaner or something -- interesting to watch, but I remember doing the same thing playing "parachute" in elementary school.I don't like being the only person with bad things to say about this show, but there you have it.  The show is a good introduction to the music if you've never really been a Beatles fan, but I think if you're already a fan, the dancing is just a distraction.  Like I said, I am a big Cirque fan and a big Beatles fan, but I don't think the world needed a combination of the two...To me, it's kinda like the episode of 30 Rock where Tracy Morgan tried to combine video games and porn.
5	I love shows and this one is one of the best I have seen in Vegas. High class experience from the line to get in, to the show, to the time you leave and go to the buffet down the hall. A great overall Las Vegas show experience. A lot of music and things to see. A great show for the eyes and ears. Comfortable seats and good service at my table.
2	This is my least favorite Cirque du Soleil show.  I have seen three other Las Vegas shows and three tent shows.  Ka, O and Mystere get five stars.  Corteo and Kooza also five stars, Ovo four stars. Yes, the music was great - of course.  But the whole show was disjointed - things were happening randomly and with no relation to the music; with the possible exception of Lucy in the Sky.  The acrobatics were relatively minor when compared to other Cirque du Soleil shows.  At time I closed my eyes so I could listen to the music and forget the chaos in front of me.   To be fair there were good moments: when a giant cloth sheet covered the stage and part of the audience; the roller skating acrobatics, the Lucy in the sky segment.  But the good segments did not work as a whole.
4	3.75, but I'll round up for you.I'm a pretty big Beatles Fan. The acoustics were good, but they didn't play a few of my all time favorite Beatles songs. Most of the more popular songs were played. My boyfriend who doesn't listen to the beatles discovered a new appreciation for the music!The colors were fun and vibrant. I felt that most of the acts captured the songs well.The story line (or lack thereof) was.. different..This was my first Cirque show and I was a little underwhelmed. I felt that it was lacking the Oohs and Ahhs that I had expected, but it was still fun to sing along!Overall, I was pretty entertained
5	In a word, magical.This is perhaps the best live theater I have experienced over and beyond 50 concerts and 30 musical shows.  Though Cirque circus acts are toned down in comparison some of their top shows (O, Alegria, Kooza), the staging in this $100M theater is unparalleled.Beatles LOVE is intimate, moving, humorous, engrossing, engaging, empowering, and loving.  Apple Corp has co-produced no other show, so you know interpretations are those of the four legends.  Martin and Champagne bring you what is meant to be.At times I was personally overpowered with emotion, the music and theater and performers are so gripping.  Truly a magical experience like no other!
5	WOW!  I was blown away by this show.  It was totally out of this world, even for Cirque du Soleil!Questions:1.  How do they figure out all the timing on their stage shows.  I mean, how thinks of half the stuff they do like the yellow boots tricycle and all the people falling out of the ceiling.2.  HOW DOES NO ONE EVER FALL DOWN OR SMASH INTO SOMEONE ELSE.  Talking about being over sensationalized.  But really, has anyone ever gotten stuck in the rafters?  or Missed one of the trampolines and twisted their ankle on stage?
5	200th review!  Here we go!  I figured since I did #100 on Cirque du Soleil's KA, might as well do #200 on LOVE.  It's kind of a long overdue review (June 2008), but it's still fresh in mind.  I remember how stoked I was to see this show!  This was coming from a point where I jumped on the Beatles bandwagon after watching Across The Universe.  I loved the songs they used in the film so after watching that, I knew that I was going to watch LOVE for my next Cirque show.So for a whopping $165, I managed to score 3rd row seats.  It was really up close and personal with the performers!  Literally!  There was one part of the show where a performer flew at our section and the lady beside me hella screamed, LOL!!  The music selection was great and I loved the parts with the Beatles' silhouettes.  There were many moments in the show where I would be head bopping to the music and even singing along too.LOVE isn't really for everyone expecting the crazy acrobatics and circus acts like in Mystere and KA, but it's more like a musical experience with the Beatles.  It purely is a show for the fans, but even if you're not a Beatles fan, I think you'll like it for the performances.Although I paid I huge premium for this show, I would definitely see it again.Overall AMAZING show! 5 stars!!!
4	Very cool! There is not much to say that the other reviewers have not covered--this show is amazing. Acrobatics, skaters on half pipes, people flying around on bungee cords expertly choreographed to the Fab Four's famous tunes. A visual delight that kept my eyes darting and my breath bated.
3	My husband is a huge Beatles fan, and we've seen a bunch of Cirque du Soleil shows, so we were really looking forward to Love. And to be honest, while it was good, there was never that "Wow!" moment that I've experienced at other Cirque shows. Love contains great visuals and amazing music, but in reality it's a lot of dancing with a bit of acrobatics thrown in. Honestly though, I expected more. I walked out of the other Cirque shows thinking "how they hell did they do that?" This one I walked out thinking "the music was really cool." Unless you love the Beatles, I'd recommend "O" if you're looking for a  more traditional Cirque experience in Vegas (like any Cirque experience can be described traditional!).
5	This was my first Cirque show and I dont think that we could have made a better choice! It was entertaining from start to finish and although I was not a Beatles fan before I am now! My favorite part of the show was when a bed was lifted from the middle of the stage and sheets came down from underneath and spread across the audience. Being that I was in the nosebleeds I got to see it all and it was fabulous! I definately reccomend this show. I read that a Michael Jackson Cirqe show will be replacing this show at the Mirage within the coming years so make sure you get to Vegas and see it!
5	Love was not your typical Cirque show - but in a very good way!  Here we're focusing more on the music and less on the acrobatics.  LOTS of visuals are going on though - don't be confused.  You almost don't know where to look!  We got free tickets for booking a whole week long package, and so the seats were the "nosebleeds".  Buyer, let it be known - these seats are incredible as well!  You can see everything and people fly by your head at times.  The props and symbolism are fantastic and I feel like I need to see it again to catch things that I missed.  We'll all never get to see the Beatles live, but with added bits in there you almost feel like they're in the room with you!
5	This is one of our favorite shows in Vegas! There is so much going on, you can watch it numerous times and find something new every time. All seats are great! This is definitely a must!
5	My fiance took me to see this show back in 2008. This show is all around FUN! We sat towards the middle (recommended). No joke, after the first few notes of the first song, I had a smile on my face and got giddy. This show is AWESOME! If you like The Beatles - this is a MUST!
5	Wow. This show was purely awesome.I saw it the week it came out with my roommate - I'm sure a ton of changes have been made. I'd recommend that you get a little buzzed for when the Lucy in the Sky part comes on - because it was a TRIP.Ive always wanted to go back and havent had the chance. There are speakers in the headrests of the chairs and that is pretty helpful. This is one of those circular stages and I had the seats at the VERY VERY VERY TOP row - awesome, totally think that was the best seat in the house.
5	Absolutely fucking amazing!!!We picked up discounted tickets at the Tix 4 Tonight booth the day before. We ended up paying $106 for $175 tickets.  The show was awesome,  I want to see it again because there is so much going on there is no way to catch everything in one sitting.  So worth the money, everyone left smiling.
5	So good I had to go twice. I recommend sitting as high up as you possibly can (which works in your favor as these tickets are less expensive for some reason.) The set list is just a perfect compendium of the best the Beatles had to offer. When I listen to any of the songs that were in LOVE, I can not help but be transported back to the amazing spectacle of this show. I can not imagine going to Vegas and not seeing this every time. It's that good. As for people that "aren't Beatles fans?" Well that's just silly. Why aren't you a Beatles fan? What's the matter with you?Dare I say, it changed my life?
5	A truly amazing performance- this is without question a must see Las Vegas show!If you've been doing your homework and studying Yelp for your upcoming Las Vegas vacation, you've probably read through several different Cirque shows by now. It's true that every Cirque show is different- KA is very intense, Zumanity is very sexual, and The Beatles show? The best way to describe The Beatles Cirque show is a non stop party- eye popping entertainment- action all over the stage at all times- a splash of audience participation and a whole lot PEACE and LOVE!All of the characters are filled with life, the scenes are energetic and alive, and you'll be singing along with the Beatles songs all night long.I don't want to spoil any of the show for you, but I assure you this is one of the best Cirques in town. I advise you to purchase tickets from Tix4Tonight or straight from the Mirage the day of the show. I purchased great seats in section 104 for 35% off the day of the show, and it was totally worth it- just ask them if they have discounted seats available! And I promise you, there is NO BAD SEAT IN THE HOUSE, the balcony seats will still provide amazingly close views of the stage.   If anyone out there is reading this and has any questions before purchasing tickets for their Vegas vacation feel free to ask me! I loved this show very much and couldn't give it anything less than 5 stars.
3	If it's your first time seeing a Cirque show, then you will love LOVE.  For us it was nothing to AWE us.  I think after seeing so many Cirque shows over the last few years, we've become numb to the whole experience.  The music (Beatles) was great.  I hope Cirque du Soleil ups their standards to what it use to be and begin to amaze us once again.  Too many shows on the strip to have real quality for one show.
3	This is actually my least favorite Cirque show (r'uh oh!) so far. I am not a super Beatles fan although I love some of their songs. LOVE is a nice first-timer introduction to the Cirques. It just didn't have the same impact to me like the other Cirques I've seen.LOVE did more dancing and entertaining than the other Cirques I've been to. The musical score is absolutely fantastic and I love the idea that you are totally submersed in this performance. You just can't look away! Yet...I prefer my Cirques to be a kind of stunts and storyline kind of performance, so LOVE being neither of those kept me from the full 5 stars.Don't let this discourage you from watching it, though. It just didn't sit well with me like the other Cirques and I'm not much of a concert fan. And that's basically what LOVE is, which I could totally see working with the majority.
4	I wouldn't recommend this show as an introduction to Cirque du Soleil. I recommend this show if you are a Beatles fan. This is Beatles meet Alice In Wonderland, meet Willy Wonka, meet Tim Burton. Not the typical Cirque Soleil stunts I'm accustomed to, but the psychedelic acrobatic dancing is definitely a sight to be seen. I'm a huge Beatles fan so I definitely appreciate the surround sound in my head rest. The constantly moving stage is phenomenal. I am definitely e-baying one of their costumes I don't care which one it is.
5	This was a totally FUN performance! The only other Cirque du Soleil show I have been to was O, which I really enjoyed. But, Love was very good as well, but very different. Love was a very fun performance with the typical, incredible acrobatics you know you will get from Cirque. The stage and props were amazing, the seats even had speakers in the back of each one to completely emerge you, and the set and seats were in a circle so there's no bad seat in the house. I would recommend sitting slightly higher to get a better view of everything. An awesome performance!
5	Just watched Beatles Love yesterday and it was awesome. I've seen Ka & Mystere and Love is better than both of those. It is non-stop action and there's not really a bad seat in the house from what I can tell. This show is great even if you are not much of a Beatles fan at all. As usual, it is a Cirque show so the acrobatics are amazing.Tip 1 - get there 30 min early so you can get a drink at the bar, otherwise the line is too long and you won't make the show. They close the doors and won't let you to your seat even.Tip 2 - take some pictures early before the crowds arrive. After the show is over it is a mob scene.
5	There are no words! But if I had to find some to describe this experience they would have to be...AMAZING, EXTRAORDINARY, BEAUTIFUL, STUNNING, AWE INSPIRING! My heart starts beating faster just thinking about it! The music surrounds you and brings you back in time. I felt absolutely transported in to the world as the Beatles knew it. There were times when I had tears in my eyes and then a moment later I would be smiling ear to ear. There were shouts from the crowd of "fantastic", "amazing" and "did you just see that!!" and all I could think was, I cant believe my eyes. I had never been to a Cirque du Soleil before but if the rest are anything like this I will be going as much as I can. If you like the Beatles than you will LOVE, LOVE.
3	I expected this to be a lot better. It's a great compilation of Beatles music, but the acts weren't as spectacular. There was rollerblading, stomping, and break dancing, which wasn't what I expected from Cirque du Soleil. I was expecting to be blown away by my first show. It was entertaining in that you had to look everywhere at once and it was whimsical. I'd also suggest sitting up higher in this show (cheaper!) because it's easier to see everything that way.No pictures by the way.
5	My favorite Cirque du Soleil Show of all times! I agree that this is a must see show here at Vegas. The amount of work the performers endure and the intricate details in the props makes the show worth watching. The show is based on a compilation of Beatles top hits throughout their years. The performers uses different techniques to express what's going on. You have some break dancing, others on roller-blades, and some swinging in the air. This is a very visual and musical show. At one point, you have the performers act out as a car and then break away doing different things. When watching this show, it is best to sit as far back. LOVE's stage is actually broken down into sections, so there is no main stage. Because of this, I think the performers have a greater range for the stage and can utilize more of the area. During the show, you have dancers all over the place and it'll be easier to take everything in all at once instead of only being able to focus on certain acts.I left the show breathless.  If I had to pick this show again over some other Cirque du Soleil shows, this is definitely the winner!
5	This show is incredible. They chose to use the Beatles music instead of using an Orchestra or live band and that makes it just that much better. This show is great for all ages. I grew up with the Beatles and there were girls in there early 20's next to me who we're loving it as well.This show proves that Cirque can go out of their comfort zone and put on an incredible tribute but still keep with the Cirque feeling.I didn't want to see just another Cirque show with clowns doing not much of anything for 10 minutes at a time. I wanted to see an awesome interpreataion of the Beatles music catalog and that's exactly what I got.It's so different from song to song that you can't wait to see how they're going to interpret the next one. Very moving at times, whimsical at others and poingnant as well. Anybody that didn't enjoy this show either didn't live through the Beatles era and doesn't get it, or would be better served at Circus Circus watching people swinging over the slot machines.Cirque has evolved with the times and to get the most out of this show, come with an open mind and get ready to be blown away.
5	Fantastic. I had been so disappointed in the last Cirque show I saw. The whole time I was thinking about the $200 we had dropped on something mediocre. Love was a different story. It's possible that the music might have really put it over the edge. The costumes and the effects are really gorgeous, but the music adds so much. I would venture to guess that I would be somewhat disappointed had I not loved the Beatles going in. If you like the Beatles, and you like pretty things, it's a must.
5	Amazing!!!  I would see it again tonight.  The music, of course, wonderful.  The visual effects as well as the stage changes, lighting was amazing.  The costumes were beautiful.  Not as much cirque acts as I am used to but it was beautiful.  Great for young adults and old.  We had seats literally in the way back, but still was amazing.  For $60 bucks or so you cannot go wrong.
2	Not my favorite Cirque Du Soleil performance.  It didn't have the arobatics and acrobatics and contortion amazing feats that I'm used to.  I took my fiance who had never been to a Cirque Du Soleil performance and I was disappointed that this was his first.  Although it had some hints of the aforementioned, I never was like "WOW!".  Music was good, but to be honest I found the show a bit boring.  I also had an obstructed view by a partition. I don't know, "meh".  :(
5	Such an incredible experience for the senses. from the moment it starts you're almost constantly bombarded with things to look at. the costumes and MUSIC accompany the visuals so well you can't help but smile.  it's almost impossible to go in expecting to hear all of your favorite beatles songs because there's so freaking many but the show does a good job of picking the hits most people should know. we got our tickets from tix4tonight ($112 after fees) and when we got to the box office they gave us the option of either front row or 15th row and we chose the front row.  i think there's so much going on that you might miss things if you sit too close. that said i think between the 5th and 10th row would probably be perfect.we saw "O" last time we were in vegas which happened to be my first cirque show. the show was utterly boring and just weird. it's from the same guy who did the celine dion show so he just seems to throw in random shit to make things look artsy or something. maybe it's just over my head or whatever but from the second Love starts it's a PARTY and you just feel awesome. walking out of the theater we were buzzing about how great it was while walking out of O we were wondering why we just wasted so much money.  the stunts and acrobatics probably would have been more difficult and probably are in other cirque shows but this show must be seen for the overall experience.
5	An amazing show.  You walk out of there in a fantastic mood
5	Ten year wedding anniversary spent in Vegas and out of all the shows around, this seemed the most appropriate.  It was one of the best choices I've made in all my ten years of marriage HAHAHA!!!  I L-O-V-E-D it!Best seats in my opinion are the top 5 rows.  NOT the balcony seating though.  I guess you might call it orchestra?  Reasoning?  There is a sequence in the show where they cover the audience with a HUGE sheet.  It has this ripple effect and looks so awesome.  Also when the sheet gets pulled down into the stage it looks AMAZING, almost like it's water going down a sink.  To miss that because the sheet is covering you I think cheats you out of that experience.  BTW, if you happen to be at the edge of the sheet-DO NOT HOLD ON TO IT!!!!!  The sheet is supposed to wave loosely.  People were trying to grab onto it like it was a parachute.  There are ushers that will do this job so don't try to take over for them!  The stage is 360 degree and performers come in from above, down the stairs, at the sides and from underneath.  Like I said, top five rows of orchestra seating are the best IMO.SAVE YOUR CONFIRMATION INFO!!!  There was a major computer glitch during my show and I picked up my tickets via will call.  But luckily I bought via TicketMaster and those tickets are printed out and boxed.  I guess tickets through the hotel's box office aren't.  There was some confusion as to where people were sitting.The gift shop was amazing.  Lots of Junk Food brand Beatles shirts that I've never seen before.  Expensive though, of course.
4	I'm not completely certain why this needed to be a Cirque du Soleil show.  The music is great; it's the Beatles after all.  The costuming is trippy and some of the stunts are spectacular.That being said, this is really a series of set piece stunts done without much narrative linkage one after another to a Beatles soundtrack.  Really, any troupe of acrobats could do that.It's not like Ka.  Only Cirque du Soleil could do Ka.  All the athleticism, stunts and choreography is integral to the narrative and the telling of the story.It's still good and worth seeing especially if you get Tix For Tonight, but it's the weakest of the Cirque shows in Vegas. Best seats are the last four or five rows high in the "bowl" or low in the balcony.
5	One word: Incredible.Just saw this for the second time (first time close-up and this time way up in the balcony).  I have to say, anywhere you sit is an engaging and enjoyable experience.Truly worth the money.
5	You do not I repeat do not have to be a Beatles fan in order to love this show. It wasn't over the top and it ended in the perfect amount of time leaving you wanting more (just like they taught the bands back in the day). The acoustics were fantastic and keep your ticket so you can get a buy one get one free drink at the Beatles lounge that doesn't play Beatles music. The lounge was badddd. My personal tip get a seat in section 200 or above because the best stunt in the show you will not be able to see if your sitting close.
5	Great show! Great acoustics also, making these Beatles favorites sound that much better (especially George Harrison's vocal on "Something"). Would definitely want to see it again when in Las Vegas.
5	Came here with friends from Hawaii and Colorado so it was a festive event. We had great seats and we were ready to see a great show...and what a GREAT show it was!! I loved this Cirque show.I am a huge Beatles fan of course and was concerned that they would not be able to pull it off...but they did!What an amazing show. Well worth the $$. I think its the best show I have seen so far. Would love to see it again for sure. If your a Beatles fan check it out!!
5	An amazing show on every level possible!!  The lady love and I watched the show for New Years and we sat on the upper level which was neat to be able to watch the performers fly in from the sides of the sky.  The audio in that space was superb, really just music coming at you from every direction.  The choreo was so fun and on point to the music.  From bunji jumping, to break dancing, roller blading to traditional lyrical...it's has it all.  I would watch the show again...only exception is if Michael Jackson's Cirque comes around sooner than later....cuz you know it's all about MJ.A must see, even if you don't go out drinking and partying for one night, this experience will be kept in your memory bank for some time to come...
2	I'm sorry to say, but this was THE worst Cirque show I've seen despite being a Beatles fan.  I was extremely disappointed with the lack of acrobatics in the show.  When watching a Cirque show, there's a certain amount of WOW factor you expect.  Unfortunately, the WOW did not deliver since a good 70% of the show is just people dancing around.  Don't get me wrong, I love dancing and watching people dance, but just not at a Cirque production for nearly $100. P.S. A kid (maybe 10 years old) was sitting in front of me and was so bored that he started entertaining himself with his PSP for 30 minutes until a staff member annoyingly flashed an extremely bright light at him to stop.
2	I am a Beatles generation guy, I love Cirque du Soleil, I love The Beatles music now more than ever.... and I hated this show.  In fact everybody in my group hated it.  It was a loud annoying acid trip.  I struggled between falling asleep of boredom and being blasted awake by annoying jumping-and-twitching dance interpretations of Beatles music re-cut and re-mastered in a manner that would make Lennon and Harrison roll over in their graves (they certainly couldn't sleep through it).Next, it's Cirque du Soleil...a circus for goodness sake!  Where are the circus acrobatics? No story, no acrobatics to speak of, and no semblance of order whatsoever.  Most of the time there were so many people on stage that there was NO focal point what-so-ever.I wouldn't recommend it at all.  I'm sorry.  I wish I could.  It's very expensive and we left feeling ripped off.  I don't know why people would rate this show so highly, honestly.  Go see O, or Mystere, or Zumanity, they're all great.  I wish I had my time and money back.
5	I mean, it's five stars. No getting around that.I'm not the biggest Beatles fan, but this show absolutely destroyed. I did have the MOST flamboyant man ever in front of me belting out songs showtune style, and I almost pissed myself laughing so hard. We were talking before the show and I did NOT see that coming! Like all other Cirque shows, it would be better on shrooms. But if everyone showed up on shrooms, someone would probably get seriously injured every show . Think about it. Hundreds of people on shrooms in the same room as a Cirque set. I can't even fathom it. Horror film or comedy?This review is terrible. I give the show five stars because it's awesome, and I give my own review a rating of kill myself.
5	If you haven't read fellow yelper Seth Y's review please do so immediately. Ok, now where was I? If you haven't seen this show yet fear not, you are only missing one of the best Cirque shows in Vegas. As many others pointed out this show would be about 100 times more entertaining with a bit of  ::ear muffs kids:: recreation drug use ::ok, we're good::Coincidentally I was sober when I saw this show and I still thought it was fucking amazing. The Beatles music in surround sound was fantastic and the acrobatics and lights added to the overall enjoyment of the show. What the hell are you waiting for?
5	This is one of the coolest shows I've ever seen. It was my first cirque show and I really enjoyed it. The performers are amazing. There is so much going on at all times during the show, you always have something to watch. The seats have speakers in the so it sounds like surround sound. I would definitely recommend this show, especially if you like any Beatles songs.
5	After reading the yelp reviews, we exchanged our Zumanity tickets for Beatles Love.  I think it was a wise decision.  We got there right on time and were still upgraded to closer seats.  As with Ka, Beatles Love had high-flying acrobatics and (of course) awesome music.  There's a pretty cool light show too.  You don't have to love Beatles or music to like this show, but it helps.  Otherwise, you'd be like my friends and not know any of the lyrics.I was able to find tickets for our group online for $55.  I would have paid up to $90ish for this experience though.
5	Just go, probably the best cirque show I have seen. Awesome
3	I kinda want to give this a 2.5-ish but a 3 star review will do.  I've been to other Cirque du Soleil shows and have never been let down.  I was expecting crazy acrobatics that would have some story line with a Beatles flare with this show but I was wrong.  It was a generally good show with great music obviously but I kind of felt lost in their storyline or lack there of.  It was so spotty and I was so confused with what was going on most of the time.  Also, I soon realized it's more of a dancer-type theatrical show which was nice I guess but I must admit I kind of fell asleep in most parts since I'm so used to the more acrobatic stunts of their other shows.  Another bummer is that this show was all ages I believe and so it was unfortunate that my friend and I were stuck behind a row of teenage boys trying to whistle down scantily clad teenage girls....Three thoughts came to mind, 1) OMG...I hate teenagers. 2) Where are your parents?! 3) Why are these girls showing more skin than I am in Vegas?  So....depending on your luck you may have some issues w/ that.  Generally speaking it was just an Ok show to me.  If you're into the crazy magical flare of other Cirque du Soleil shows then this might not be the show for you. However you crazy hardcore Beatles fans out there would like it since music was great and makes you smile (my friend totally loved it).
5	This show was a beautiful piece of art.Cirque shows never really disappoint me but being a Beatles fan made me love this show even more. A lot of the songs just sent chills down my spine because they were so beautiful. I was able to follow the story pretty well. Even if you can't follow the story you can just appreciate the beauty of it all.The lobby is also very fun so you'll want to take pictures before/after the show. The ushers and ticket takers are all in costume as well, which gives the show a fun vibe. The only thing I regret is I wish that we were sitting closer because they do a really cool effect that only half of the seats get to experience. I don't think you will be disappointed if you see this show!
4	I can understand why many reviews have been posted here from people who have seen other Cirque shows and felt let down with Love.  I think it is a different show than the others, which doesn't have as much of the acrobatics going on (although it does have a good amount), and spends about a third of its time with dancing.  In a certain way, that is to be expected, as it is a show reflecting interpretations of the Beatles music, and their music just makes you want to ...  dance!  But, I certainly understand that this is not what we expect from the brand name of Cirque du Soleil, and there were times I wished it was more like O, which totally floored me when I saw it.  Besides for these two, I have not seen any other Cirque shows, so I don't have much else to compare.  I think what we have to remember, though, is that The Beatles music, while eclectic in many ways, is quite common to our ears as compared to the strange and worldly music that fills the atmosphere of the other Cirque shows.  The majority of us going to go see this show are very familiar with what we are hearing.  They have spiced it up a bit with new mixes of the music, and with cool little interludes of interviews and dialogue from the Fab Four.  All in all, I can't say that I am unhappy with Love, but I think it helps to know in going that it is a horse of a slightly different color than the other big Cirque shows on the strip.
5	I've seen several of the Cirque shows in Vegas and LOVE was the best one! We had terrific seats (first row center on the level in line with the stage) so we really could see everything. I felt totally immersed in the show the whole time.While there weren't any "wow, I can't believe they are doing that" moments with this Cirque show like there are with several of the other shows, it was simply great entertainment. The performers are still extremely talented and if I had never seen a Cirque show before would probably say "wow, I can't believe they are doing that" during LOVE. There's just not much that I hadn't seen in other Cirque shows. But I don't think that's the point of this show. The story flows so well with the music. And speaking of the music...I don't think I've ever heard the Beatles sound better. LOVE it! Go see it if you are in Vegas.
4	What can I say.......its a Cirque show so you know ahead of time what you will be getting, but it is a bit different than the other Cirque shows.  Different in that although you do have the people hanging from the ceiling and folks flipping up and down, you also have some roller skating that is out of this world and pretty good dancing. My fondness for the show is because I am a die hard Beatles fan, so seeing this was a happy jaunt down memory lane. I even bought the CD.
5	The best Cirue du Soleil show ever!  I had lots of fun at the show, it was GREAT!I got $55 tickets and they were just fine.  There is not a bad seat in the house.I will be going again :-D
5	Did you ever close your eyes and see things when you used to listen to the Beatles? Cirque du Soleil takes those closed-eye visualizations and puts them on stage.
5	One of the Best Cirque du Soleil  shows EVER!!! The music is intoxicating and the vibe of the theater makes you wanna jump and dance at some points and in other cry your heart out. You don't have to be a Beatles fan to see it, however, you would leave this show being a PERMANENT BEATLES FAN!!OMG what a great show!! We got great tickets 2x1 at the box office and a awsome view. Even if not a fan you'll love the music and storyline!
5	Wow is a good way to start with. I was blown away with this show. Words are hard to put together to show how much i loved it! A Beatles Tribute it is, the music had everyone moving to the beat. It was AWESOME for me and the Wife to see. It was the best show we have ever seen. And the best of Cirque du Soleil, I'd have to say.
5	So i'm not the biggest Beatles fan... I know the songs that were on the radio and thats about it.  But I absolutely LOVED THE SHOW!This was my first Cirque du Soleil show back in 2007.  I did not know what to expect, except what I had seen on commercials, etc.  This show was amazing in every way.The music really gets you taping your feet and excited.  The colors and the dancing and all the stuff going on in the air (you have to look everywhere) is insane!  They really did a fabulous job on this one.  My husband and I are STILL talking about it (3 years later) and how we would like to go and see it again.The price was a little steep when we went, but if you are going to shell out for a show, this is the one!p.s. the soundtrack CD to the show is awesome!
4	My eyes did not know where to look throughout most of the show- overstimulation.  The performers were incredibly talented and the props/set was great.  Also a plus that the music is familiar so that keeps the audience engaged.  It follows somewhat of a plotline, but seems to be more of a artistic expression (hence the circus part), so if you are looking for a story to follow you are looking in the wrong place.  This is a great show for someone who enjoys the arts.  My husband unfortunately fell asleep during "My Guitar Gently Weeps", but maybe the late Vegas nights didn't help.
5	The most beloved rock group of all time.Cirque du Soleil brings us the spirit of the wonderful Beatles in this must see amazing performance. A beatles fan here so I might be bias but we all who have seen this show can agree.. It's a magnificent show, simply happiness.In the intro, the way the music starts is so moving that it makes you want to cry out of good emotions. Don't tell anybody but I kind of tear up a little during the show. I couldn't help it! That's how good it makes you feel. This show has all the right elements. One moment you're laughing, the next you're shedding a happy tear then before you know it you're moving your hands and feet to the rhymth of the music right in your seat.My girl kissed me out of nowhere during the song "something" and it felt awesome! It made my night even better. Well, If you're not a Beatles fan by the end you'll be showing the Beatles Love. Just go see it!We enjoyed every moment of it. Let's just say that it brings out your sensitive side with some of the songs you hear while they're being portray on stage. Don't know how else to describe it. You just gotta see it to know what I mean. Yeah it's that good
5	Amazing. Costumes, Theatrics, Music, you name it, it was great.  really fun show.
5	Simply amazing.  I expected to really enjoy this show but didn't think I would love it nearly as much as I did.  The show begins with a bang as Cirque performers tossing each other down from the ceiling like yo-yo's to the tune of "Get Back" yet manages to top itself time and time again.Don't worry about the show's "plot."  I'm hardly a dummy but half the time I could barely figure what was supposed to be going on.  Just let the beauty of the music, the dancing and the incredible set design take you away to a stranger, happier place.As we were walking out of the theater, an elderly couple in front of us joked, "They must have been on a LOT of drugs when they wrote that music!"  Thanks to them, I now have an excellent idea for what frame of mind to be in the next time I see "Love."
5	Climb in the back with your head in the clouds and you're gone...If you're a Beatles fan, this Cirque production is pure pleasure.  Its got some monster hits, as well as a few "lesser known" tunes.  Even a non-die hard fan (like my wife, for whom The Beatles is some bank on the oldie radio station) will be hard pressed to find fault with this show.  The thing that surprised me, however, was the lack of acrobatics or physical feats Cirque has come to be recognized for.  It really is more like a musical, and less the high flying stunt work of Mystere.  Seems a lot of reviews say this, but I guess we're all guilty of (gasp!) not Yelping this before shelling out some green.  Regardless, this is pure entertainment that brought The Beatles to life for those of us who didn't get to grow up with them.
5	This was an AMAZING show & I highly recommend it to anyone who goes to Vegas.  I'm 32, so I wasn't as into the Beatles, but after seeing the show I cannot seem to stop listening to their albums.  I never realized how many songs I actually knew!  As for the performance...awesome!  You'll read a lot of comments about how there isn't as much acrobatics or physical feats that is know for the Cirque du Soleil, but that's what I loved about this show.  It focused more on the music than trying to be like, "hey, look what I can do!!!"  Still, the stunts that were performed were nothing short of amazing. This is a MUST SEE show!!!!
5	I may be biased as a big Beatles fan, but this show is awesome by any standard. The show isn't just a tribute; the Beatles were involved in making it.  George Harrison was friends with the Cirque creator and they brainstormed the idea until George died, at which point Paul, Ringo, and Yoko became consultants on the project.  The soundtrack was also personally redone by original Beatles producer George Martin and his son Giles, so the cliche that you will "hear the music as you have never heard it before" is literally correct.  Look out for the new strings version of "While My Guitar Gently Weeps" - it is just as good as the original, imo.  The way a song like "Because" merges with the opening chord of "Hard Day's Night" before launching into "Get Back" at the beginning of the show is just a clue to how much they really pushed the envelope with reinterpreting the music.  It is pretty risky to "remix" songs by a legendary group like the Beatles, but they pulled it off. The show itself loosely tracks the story of the Beatles - from their start in Liverpool, to the Ed Sullivan show, their hippie/psychedelic stage, political phase, through the band's break-up.   Don't expect a ton of the traditional Cirque acrobatics.  There is a good bit, but mostly it is dancing and choreography.  Like any Cirque show, however, the costumes, sets, etc. are pretty impressive visually. Again, I'm a huge fan of the group, but maybe the best testament to the show is that I took my girlfriend, who could barely name any Beatles song, and she came away a fan and has since gotten up to speed with their entire catalog.  Whether or not you are a Beatles fan, you will be a fan of "LOVE."
4	We loved it!!  We especially liked the interractive part with the tent coming over the audience.  Very fun and perfect movement with the Beatles music.  I didn't give 5 stars because there wasn't anything that stood out in the show that is different from the others except for the music.
5	I've never been to any other cirque productions but being a big fan of the Beatles, the show was highly entertaining and worth every penny (I sat almost at the front row with the hubby). The music was excellent, the stunts were awesome and I really loved the drinks they serve too.
5	I adore Cirque. This show was beautiful, inspired and an excellent tribute to the music. We also visited Las Vegas the day after John Lennon's 70th birthday, so we chose to see Love for the occasion. The production design was incredible, the venue rather intimate, and the whole experience so wonderful that the jetlagged me could not even be bothered by the ESL guy singing at the top of his lungs the entire time, the words that he thought the Beatles were singing. I really did walk out with more of an appreciation for both Cirque and the Beatles. Its not every day that you see something that you are truly glad that you had experienced, that you feel has actually enriched your life. It is lacking on the mind-blowing acrobatics, but it was a nice change. This is slightly different Cirque, and I found it to be tremendously inspired.
3	I have seen several Cirque shows, all are nothing short of amazing! This show was a tad different than the rest. The auditorium is unique, you can see everything, no nose bleed. The music was awesome, but the show lacked something that the others have. In short, I got the feeling that this show was not 100% Cirque de Soleil, seemed like it had other influences, not in the acting, but rather in the progression of the show. It is an awesome show, and I would recommend going to see it, but anyone who has experienced other shows may see what I see. If I could only see one show, Ka or Love, I would choose Ka any day of the week and twice on Sunday.
5	This was insane!!!! Awesome show from start to finish. This tribute to the beatles in Cirque du Soleil flavor was purely sick. The stage props, performers, music and overall concept/imagery made this better than a rock concert. The theater does not have a bad seat and the acrobatic ability of the performers was draw dropping. Ihave seen three other Cirque shows. this is by far the best..When in Vegas go see this show.....
5	This show was amazing.  It was beautiful, artistic and incredible.  The costumes and acrobats and choreography were amazing.  The venue is intimate so you are very close to the action.  I don't think there's a bad seat in the house, though I think that if you are sitting in the first few rows, it would be hard to see everything.  The music is slightly different than the original Beatles songs, but it is very well done.  I am not a huge Beatles fan and I honestly loved the entire production.
2	They should take the "Cirque" out of the name and it would get 5 stars.  It was well produced, lots of theater tricks, and excellent production values.  It was loud - way too loud.  I spend the entire time with my thumbs jammed in my ears (which ended up ringing for about 24 hours afterwards).  It was my father-in-laws first Cirque show, and he fell asleep (luckily he's mostly deaf).  I love cirque shows, but the name comes with impressive stunts and human feats you can't see anywhere else.  This was a dance show with a couple of ropes.  The audience looked bored and I'm really annoyed that I wasted my money on this show.  A different cirque show would have been great for them.
4	Absolutely fantastic. Sure - it really shouldn't have "Cirque" in the name. You're not going to see the amazing feats of acrobatics that you do in the other shows. That being said... if you have seen the Beatles animated music videos and wondered what they'd look like in real life... this is it. There's a tremendous amount of visual candy. the props transform into new and cooler things, the music is built into the headrest of each seat, the stage magically transforms with every second.Really, go and see this show. Just don't expect it to be full on cirque or you'll be disappointed.
5	So many Cirque shows in Vegas, I chose this one due to being familiar with Beatles songs. I didn't want to be forced watching Cirque Du So Gay with half naked men prancing around balancing on each other's crotches, I wanted to see Beatles Songs playing in the background of  half naked men prancing around balancing on each other's crotches.At $360 for two tickets, I was glad I chose this show for spending so much. The segues from song to song, and circus act to circus act is amazing. I am still trying to get over how fast they change stage sets.Everyone knows Beatles songs, so I figure if you are going to spend this much on a show, go have your mind blown by this sensory overload.Oh, and skip on the Big Gulp sized cocktail or beer. You'll be holding your pee for at least an hour and forty-five minutes.
5	I've never seen a show like this in Vegas!  Wow, just amazing.  The stunts were spectacular and music was great.  I love how they get the crowd involved.We had balcony seats for $62.50 and when we got there they upgraded our seats to front row for free!!!
5	Three times I have seen it. It is still UNBELIEVABLE.......We had seats at the very back HIGH UP.BEST SEATSWe could see everything!section 208 Row S(last row) seats 17&18 (easy access-no stepping on anyone else's toes :-) )
5	I've never done LSD, but watching & listening to the Beatles LOVE show would truly be a good representation of it!!! This is the best Cirque du Soleil I've seen so far in Las Vegas. I can't wait to take my parents to watch this. They'll enjoy it even more than I did... Cheers!!!
4	This was a beautiful show with great costumes and high energy performances. The very first moments of the show confetti flows over you ... I don't know if it was because I was a little tipsy but I found it to be  exciting. I started giggling like I've never seen such a thing before! I did see something there that made me think, "How did they do that? " . There was this carnival seen where this woman's head looks like it drops down to her mid stomach! I was fascinated! I was skeptical when I first bought the tickets and the sales person said the high seats are the better seats. I ended up sitting in the 200 row. I'm glad I took his word for it because he's right! If you sit in the more expensive seats (orchestra section) you constantly have to look up to see everything going on around you. There is this part where they throw this white sheet over the audience I was lucky enough that it ended a row before me. If you are under the sheet you can't see any of the performance. Even though I loved this show I was sad they didn't have some of my favorite Beatles songs in there "Can't Buy me Love" and "Eight Days a Week". The songs that they did choose were done very well. I was also strangely captivated by the performance of the guy twirling around with the Teapot!
4	You won't enjoy LOVE if you're not familiar with any Beatles songs. I personally had a blast and thoroughly enjoyed watching some of my favorite songs translated visually. I like the fact that a history of the Beatles and the social context in which they performed was incorporated into the show. The stage is a round one so every seat is a good seat. They have performers interacting with all levels of seats. Our tickets cost $110. We were seated in the fifth row.
4	Being a fan of both The Beatles and Cirque du Soleil, it only made sense that I check out LOVE. I was very happy I did, so much so that I've seen it once more since.Based on suggestions by previous viewers, both times I chose to sit higher up, so that I would be further back and can take it everything that was happening without being distracted by what was directly in front of me. With so much going on, I realized quite quickly that they were on to something and that I had made the right decision.Amazing costumes, a remastered collection of The Beatles music, and beautiful choreography makes this a must watch show in Las Vegas.
5	Really nice homage to the Fab 4!If you are miffed about the price tag just come out and say your'e cheap. Don't blame the "lack of acrobats" then give a poor review. There were beautiful acrobats and athletic work the whole time, not to mention stunning break-dancing, and breathtaking scenery. It even made me cry at times i got so emotional and elated.I cannot believe people would give this show anything lower than 4.5. Im also sure these people do not understand the kind of grueling training and precision that goes into this kind of show. Ribbon work alone is not something to turn one nose up at, snobs!If you are not a Beatles fan and are not familiar with the music, don't waste your time. If sounds like the people who rated low stars really didn't understand the era, what the music meant, what was going on politically at the time, etc. They also didn't understand the "storyline" which i heard people saying there wasn't one? wtf Beatles music is a story line in it of itself man. I guess you cant please everyone and i'm really not sure what else people expected from this show. It blew me away to say the least.It felt like a choreographed acid trip at times! :D ... amazing to be able to achieve that sort of effect with out ruing the brain cells and the nasty comedown. Gorgeous visuals, cool mixes of the anthology recordings. I would pay to watch this show one more time.Oh and  the giant drinks they sell at the concession stand were good too. I think we ordered "here comes the sun" a mix of absolute citron, triple sec, cranberry and other juices all served in a Big Gulp sized glass. highly recommended.
5	What can I say except, I LOVE LOVE!! I have seen it now three times and it never fails to impress!! I am a huge fan of Cirque du Soleil, I have seen OVO, O, LOVE and Zumanity, and I am pretty sure that LOVE is my favorite, but it's a tough call.  I think the only way that someone wouldn't like this show is if they absolutely hated Beatles' music..... is that even possible??One thing I noticed about this show, when comparing it to other Cirque shows, is that it is a lot more dancing than actual stunts, which is fine because it is still just as amazing and visually pleasing as the other shows with more daredevil acts.  If for some reason you are on the fence about seeing this show, just keep in mind that there is a reason why it is one of the top shows Vegas has to offer.
3	The night previously I had seen Cirque's "Le Reve" and was awed by the stunts and transitions from land, to air, to water.  I arrived at this show with high hopes and some pretty good knowledge with regards to the Beatles.Now, don't get me wrong, it wasn't terrible, and it did have its moments.  I just expected more out of the Cirque.  They danced and created skits to some of the Beatles' most popular songs, drawing you into an artistic storyline.  Some of my favorites include the little yellow rain boot tricycle, the car crash, and the lady whose head drunkenly fell down to her ankles.A couple of my disappointments: they seemed to focus a lot on the lesser known songs, and spent very little time on some of my favorites, including "All the Lonely People."Yes, it was entertaining.  Yes, the people are talented.  But it just didn't do it for me, personally.  Some of the actors even seemed bored.
5	growing up listening to the beatles made this show something I had wanted to see. The theater is custom built for the show. The seats have speakers built into the seats and the sound system is AWESOME. This isnt your typical Cirque show however, so don't be expecting lots of feats of strength and acrobatics, however expect a good story, great music, and lots of fun. Definately worth the money we spent and really enjoyed the show.
5	This was the first Cirque show I watched. I'll admit I wasn't a big Beatles fan before watching the show. By this, I mean I enjoyed their music but I only knew a few of their hits and couldn't sing along with the lyrics if my life depended on it.I had great seats - center row, a few aisles back. However, the show works in such a way that no matter what your seat is, you'll have an amazing time. They really do their best to engage the senses of those in the front and in the very far back - worth every penny, no matter where you are in the audience!The backdrops, the acrobatics, and most importantly the songs draw you in to the storyline. You can't help but be pulled in and be amazed. My heart immediately fell in love with LOVE! The soundtrack is amazing, even to a non-Beatles fan. The show is worth seeing, no matter what your age or musical preferences are.
5	I have never been a major fan of The Beatles, I have saved that obsession for my parents and my younger sister.  So when my mother-in-law bought us tickets to this show I was like I dunno....O.M.G.We had amazing seats, third row.  I have no idea what all happened, if it had a deeper meaning or it was just art or what, but it was UNREAL.  Be prepared to have your whole body messed with during this show-- a complete sensory experience-- there are speakers on the seats in front of you, different smells in the air and about five million things to see, and even some things to touch.  Your eyeballs will be bouncing around the first 10-15 minutes, unsure of where to go, but just sit back and take it all in.It is amazing.  You don't have to be a Beatles fan to enjoy it.  But be ready to be a fan when you leave.
5	From the get-go, I was expecting to be absolutely blown away. I had seen one Cirque show previously, and even as a 10 year old I knew what I was experiencing was art at its finest. So when I heard there was a Cirque show that featured one of my favorite bands I jumped on the opportunity. At first I was a little apprehensive. Our seats were close enough to the stage, but there were scrims from the ceiling that appeared to be blocking our view. After the first downbeat however, these were raised, and I unwrapped a vibrant, lucious, masterpiece. I had to pick my jaw up from the floor multiple times. Everything was stunning. The remastered music, the visuals on the screens above, the speakers situated all around, and the sheer talent displayed.   If I called myself a Beatles fan before, I'm definitely more of a "fanatic" now after seeing LOVE. It's a theatrical feast.
5	LOVE embraces your inner hippie and lets loose your oppressed rebel  using music from the Beatles, visual projections and world class acrobatic talent. For Beatles fans and non-fans alike, the show reflects our nations youth across a few decades.- Remastered music.- Talented cast.- Well thought out integration of music and visuals.- Expensive for front row.- Comfortable seats.While on a memorial trip to Vegas with my wife and uncle, Cirque du Soleil makes a sure bet for a memorable trip. I have seen many Cirque du Soleil shows in the past and they all differ in their own way. LOVE helped bring back some Beatles nostalgia for my uncle and provided a unique performance for the audience.Sitting in the front row is a good idea 90% of the time with Cirque du Soleil shows and worked out well in this case. I scored the tickets from the fan club, well under the going rate and it amplified the experience being so close. Characters practically sit on your lap and do front-flips like you're the only person in the audience.With Cirque du Soleil LOVE, the audience honors the musical legacy of the Beatles through remastered recordings, special visits from the iconic band members, and fictional characters pulled right from the songs.You'll find yourself watching Sgt. Pepper who encounters many familiar faces, including Lucy in the Sky, Eleanor Rigby, Lady Madonna and Mr. Kite. The unconstrained story of the Beatles starts at the Blitz, moves through the band's founding, climb into superstardom, and their break-up. Using the master tapes at Abbey Road studios, they have created a unique soundscape of The Beatles music for LOVE. With panoramic sound and visuals, the audience will experience The Beatles as never before.
5	I have never been so moved by any performance. I spent 90 minutes in awe; completely blown away and utterly inspired. Cirque's performance successfully conveys the unspeakable realms of beauty, creativity, passion, and art through unimaginable talent and an obvious deep love of  music. I had to hold back tears frequently by the overwhelming sensory overload. They reminded me how to love music in a way not felt since I first discovered such songs as "a day in the life" or "something". Unreal. Life changing. I was 100% sober for the performance.
4	Not the BIGGEST Beatles fan....that being said, the show was still AMAZING!!!~Very COLORFUL ~Beautiful costume work~I can't believe that I'm going to say this but....we sat front row and felt like I was TOO close.  I wish that we had been a few rows back because being that close meant that we were BELOW the stage and had to keep our heads at a strange angle the entire time.  Besides that, we were on the FAR end of the stage, so we were really only able to see what was happening on our side of the stage.  BUMMER.~A do recommend...........as long as you take into account the "seating" issue.  I had free tickets, I wouldn't want anyone else to feel like it was wasted money because they missed parts of the show.
5	Another Don't Miss. If you love music you'll enjoy this----and the Cirque performers will take your breath away.
5	Biased because i'm the biggest beatles fan but it is amazingly done, unforgettable lights, artistry and of course remastered music.  I'll cherish this moment my whole life!
5	The best show i have ever seen, ready to see it a 4th time! I get tears in my eyes, you feel like  you are in London and the beatles are in the room!
3	I love the Beatles and you did me proud Cirque du Soleil.  i did not like the 'Lady Madonna' segment.  I always had another vision in my head for this song, but the way they did it, was kind of un-PC. Now, I'll always think back the the pregnant Fro' hair'd girl dancing around in rags when I hear this song. I DID love the Day in the LIFE.  Are you kidding me???I DIE!The car exploding- the woman flying around on a red scarf - Yeah- breathtaking to say the least- You do not want to sit in the front row. This is another show that you need to sit back further to catch everything. (Not too far back) but still- enough to see things in widescreen as i explained in my 'O' review. Tickets for these shows are around 150-250.00  You'd be better off getting the 150.00-175.00 seats.  You'll thank me later.  There is so much to see, and the colors and costumes are visually stimulating. Great show.... I'd rate this the second best one they have...Still 'O' tops this show by a landslide..
5	Outstanding. A great show. A really good tribute to the Beatles. The use of different forms of performance--from breaking to roller skates to tap--was really innovative. With O, one of the best Cirque shows in Vegas.
5	I am HUGE Beatles fan and love Cirque du Soleil--so to me this is a match made in heaven! I have been twice and go could again!My favorite part is  "While My Guitar Gently Weeps". It's just magical. They use a new version of  the song which matches the first studio demo of  with a string arrangement written for Love by Sir George Martin.This is a must-go. It's Broadway+Cirque+Rock!
5	I would give this six stars if I could.If you are a fan of the Beatles you will LOVE this show. If you are not a fan when you arrive, you will leave as one.Don't pay full retail, go to a 1/2 off vendor on the Strip.Get your tix at a discount and a discount on a nearby restaurant.I recommend the The Range just across the street from the Mirage at Harrah's.It's an hour and a half show of non-stop music and action.It's cool that they have actual masters of the music and can splice it so that it fits the show.I especially liked the featurette of the dialogue between them as they are making the album cover for Abbey Road.The special effects with the sheet going back into the pit was exceptional!
5	Loved LOVE!  I have seen all the Vegas Cirque shows ( "O" twice) and thought i was burned out by the Cirque concept. This show was pure eye candy and both me and my spousal unit were enchanted with the visuals and music. (though my spousal unit was not a Beatles fan) My favorite part was the appearances by the lady in red who was obviously a fantasy based on John Lennon's mother Julia. The imagery based on  her accidental death was absolutely stunning and poignant. Make sure you sit up high in the theater. This is a show that you want to sit above to appreciate the spectacular production. I think both O and Love are best appreciated for the grandness by sitting up and back in the theater. This will be one of my go to shows when we have friends in town. Love Love!
5	There is sooo much going on I feel like I need to go see this show a few more times (if I had some kind of trust fund for that!) There are great acrobatics, music and dancing. I don't want to spoil anything, but there are a few times where you feel part of the show. This is theater in the the round so you do not need to bring your binoculars. If you like Beatles music (and even if you don't) the show is worth it.
1	Overated!  Boring, boring, boring!  Did I say boring?Not a real Cirque show!  Lots of running around but very little performance.  Go to a real Cirque show like O!
5	hey, jude, imagine lucy in the sky with diamonds and a yellow submarine in an octopus's garden in the shade.  ok, enough with the corny jokes.  this show was freaking awesome!!  definitely one of my fave cirque du soleil shows!!  it was like a history lesson on acid during a beatles concert.  how can you top that?  cirque du soleil, you never cease to amaze me!  if i could, i would have rated this show 29.4 bajillion stars
5	Every time my friends and I come to Las Vegas we like to see 1 or 2 shows. This time my friend and I decided that we would each pick a show too see and the other cannot complain. My friend picked this show "LOVE" and I was okay with it.When we arrived at The Mirage we went over and picked up our  tickets from the box office and headed into the theatre.  When we got into the theatre the first thing I noticed is that the theatre wasn't as big as I thought it would be. We got ushered to out seats which were very close too the stage. We sat for awhile and I actually fell asleep. When the show was about to start my friend woke me up and from the moment it started until it ended I was blown away.The acrobats and performances were fabulous and the music was great.I'm very happy that I saw this show and cannot wait to see it again but I wont pay big bucks to have seats next to the stage because the best seats are actually the ones up higher because you can actually see everything up there.Great show!!!!
5	i think that this is one of the most beautiful shows i've ever seen. it isn't as acrobatic as mystere, more modern dance, so if you're not really into that whole dealio, then don't watch it. but, still. i loved it. that's all i can really say. i just absolutely loved it.
4	I liked LOVE, but we paid $108 for tickets (not even the best ones) and were in the back row. With this said, the back row is awesome because you can see everything, so maybe that's a good thing.The show itself was pretty good. There was no coherent story line, just a lot of scenes to with each song and a kid carrying yellow flowers the whole time trying to find "love", which is wrapped up at the end with "all you need is love".This particular Cirque Du Soleil didn't have as much of the amazing acrobatics that you usually see in one of their productions, there was a whole lot of floor work. They did make up for this with a few pretty neat props (loved the galoshes).I think this would have been more fun if they got the audience involved. Everyone knows Beatles songs, and as lame as it may sound, a whole theatre singing a long would have been pretty fun. It was weird to see everyone sitting so still with mouths closed to see such an elaborate  concert with such good music.Overall I can't say I was amazed by it, but I did enjoy it.
5	All my friends were out gambling and I simply couldn't bring myself to sit in a smoky casino watching them get glassy-eyed while I watched.8:55 - decide to see a show. Wearing robe and no makeup.8:56 - consult Yelp8:57 - call the O box office, it's sold out8:59 - call the Love box office - if I can get there in 15 minutes I can get 1/2 price tickets for the 9:30 show9:05 - jump in a cab (fully dressed with makeup)9:10 - get dropped off at the Mirage9:15 - find the box office, buy my half-price ticket9:20 - grab a Starbucks (no booze, I'm old!)9:24 - settle into my seat9:30 - watch a beautiful, emotional, exquisitely choreographed darling of a show in an intimate (by Vegas standards, anyway) theater.I'm waffling between 4 and 5 stars because really liked the show but I was hoping to see more of the showy aerials of the other Cirque productions. Yes, I read the other reviews so I knew that it was light on those aspects but I still left a smidgen (just a smidgen!) disappointed.But what is there is gorgeous and I love any production where there is not a single performer or backstage person dialing it in. Everything (dancing, effects, props, acting, sound) was of the highest caliber. That seals it. 5 stars for love.
4	Great Show but in my opinion I still like O and Ka better. Whatever you do don't pay full price. There are always discount tickets around, you just have to look for them.This time I was able to find $88 tickets via the Cirque app on my iphone (it just linked to a Mirage ticketmaster site).I was worried about where to sit but it really isnt an issue. All seats are good and I would argue like others that the cheaper seats towards the top are actually the best seats in the house.
4	OKAY. I took a friend to this show and it was DEFINITELY not what we were expecting. It was one of those shows that will probably be best if you're on some sort of narcotics to see lol. I enjoyed all the costumes, stage layout, designs, but there wasn't a story. The performances are based on songs, if that makes any sense at all. There were a lot of things going on at once and NO PICTURES WHATSOEVER! They will confiscate your camera if you continue to take pictures after they have warned you. That didn't happen to me, but they had staffs scouting out people with cameras who are snapping pictures.
3	I decided to purchase tickets to "The Beatles LOVE" after reading about all of the rave reviews of it on yelp. I had a good time at "The Beatles LOVE," but I still felt let down given the cost. The musical arrangements were fantastic, the show was well-produced and costumed, and it was often quite cute. However, I was a little disappointed with the lack of much of the acrobatics that characterize other Cirque de Soleil in Las Vegas. Most of the action seemed to take place on the ground. I did not think the stunts that they actually did pull off were that great, at least compared to those in "O." The main draw of this show is the music, but don't expect breathtaking acrobatics.
5	What else can I say buy AMAZING!!!!  I loved LOVE!!  The music, the costumes, the energy...so much going on at one time!!  I had seen Mystere last year and would never want to compare the two shows.  I loved them both equally but differently.  I was afraid to be disappointed given my amazement at Mystere and all the rave reviews I had heard about LOVE but it did not let me down.  My dad is no a big "show goer" but he thoroughly enjoyed it and if you know my dad, that's saying a lot.  While it wasn't as "acrobatic" as Mystere, there was so much to be in awe at and it just made me smile (and by smile I mean grinning from ear-to-ear like an idiot)!!  I can't speak to ticket prices as it was a gift from my parents but I would have paid top $ for this show.  I also agree that sitting a few rows back is better view.  We sat next to the sound booth and our seats were perfect.  If you are too close to the stage I feel like you'd get a sore neck from looking up too much!  I'm still talking about this show days later and I would love to see it again!!!!!
5	I was treated to this show for my birthday and was pleasantly surprised!We sat near the front, some may argue that these are not the best seats, but I disagree, totally worth it!  I don't think this would appropriately compare to sitting in the front row at a movie theater staring up the entire time.  There are things going on everywhere, next to you, up in the air and on stage.  I was comfortable and enjoyed my view.The show complements the music so well and you are entertained.  If you like The Beatles you will love this show. It's amazing!
5	After seeing LOVE, my boyfriend and I watched the documentary "All Together Now" which documents the arduous process that was creating this show. The founder of Cirque, Guy, was close friends with George Harrison, who had initially thought it'd be a wonderful idea if the worlds of Cirque and the Beatles somehow met.It was no easy task, as this was not just a collaborative effort of the director and actors, but of the original musicians, and their family members and Apple Corps. Basically, everything you see during this show is both Cirque approved and Beatles approved, as every little decision was closely collaborated upon by the likes of George Martin, his son Giles, Yoko Ono Lennon, Olivia Harrison, Paul and Ringo. And it's amazing. It really is. While I've meanwhile never been a huge fan of the loose plots Cirque comes up with, the sensation of mixing several ethereal visions & effects with remixed, remastered Beatles songs proved to be a place-altering experience. I had many moments of being lost, confused, but joyful of that lostness. Certain moments of mixed music, mixed with the right vision, often left my speechless and happy, and as close to the Beatles as I'll ever be.There are two kinds of people who will see this show: Beatles fans, who will connect on a spiritual level to what this means to the fans and the actual artists, and occasional/not so much fans, who will still find something beautiful and deeply gratifying about this show, because it is just so highly worked on, so highly imagined. It's certainly an endeavor of its own, and its magical!Personal favorite scenes: Octopuses Garden (which begins magically as Good Night - I LOVED this!), Strawberry Fields Forever (a demo version which Yoko donated from her archives, reworked), Within You Without You (mixed awesomely with Tomorrow Never Knows), Something and A Day In a Life. The music was all revisited by George & Giles, and includes demo/anthology versions worked upon - including "While My Guitar Gently Weeps," which brought in a whole new orchestra to re-create the feeling of the song. It's almost like hearing these songs new, done by the master himself!Enjoy! :)
3	If you have never been to a broadway play or another cirque show then its probably better, but it was just average.  I love the Beatles, but the show really didn't make sense and not till the 3-4 song I realized that there is no theme.   They just play different Beatles songs and have cast members in 60's garb dancing around and doing the occasional trapeze act or Cirque like acrobatics.It is more equivalent to a Broadway show with a few really cool acts.  Lets just say that 3 stars is still a good review, but not over the top.  I would say to see it if you like the Beatles.  If not a Beatle fan I would say to skip it and see another Cirque show like KA, O, or Mystere.
5	saw this show for the 2nd time last week and it was just as good as I had remembered it. Being a Beatles fan I was in heaven. Great music, dancing, acrobatic work , etc. I do agree with fellow reviewers that there isn't as much acrobatics as the other Cirque shows but this show is more about the music.I highly recommend!
5	I love, love, love this show. This coming from a part time Beatles fan. Meaning their music is awesome, but I don't know every song by heart and a techno cd is always chosen before one of there's. BUT this show was so amazing I don't really care what music you put in the background!The choreography was amazing and there was always 500 things to look at which is good if you also suffer from mild ADD like I do or your under the age of 10. The music goes perfectly of course and the costuming is elaborate. If your looking for a musical or a show about something, I wouldn't recommend this show. But if your looking to watch talented people and let them blow your mind with their talents, then head on down to Mirage and get yourself some tickets!If your going spur of the moment like I did you can sometimes get good deals at the half price ticket offices. Not always half price but a discount is nice when tickets run $100+.
4	"How do you do a tribute to the Beatles Cirque du Soleil style?" Well, you can, but it is a little departure from your expected Cirque shows, as in each act really isn't tied to one another. With that in mind, and a little knowledge of the Beatles and the love of Cirque, you have a really "feel good" experience here. Nothing over the top, nothing too mind blowing, just a fun show that illuminates one of the biggest and most fantastic musical sensations in our modern history.I can say that there is possibly no bad seat in the house, as it is a center stadium stage that is surrounded by seating. I would only suggest the closer the better.
5	A Vegas MUST SEE. Love this show!!! So beautiful! Seen it twice. Use a online discount code or hit up the Coke bottle special tickets.
2	I'm not a Beatles fan but I have heard some of their songs from time to time.  The show was decent, but I thought the other Cirque shows were better.  O was good because of awesome stage and water, similar to Le Reve.  Mystere was good because of the acrobats.  Love didn't have any of that.  At no point during the show was I really wowwed by anything.  I decided to get tickets to this show because of all the raving reviews and I forced myself to go even though I'm not a fan of Beatles songs.  I should've seen Ka instead.
5	This was actually my second time seeing this show and I LOVED it!!!  I'm more of an Elvis fan than I am of the Beatles but I like this show more than the Viva Elvis show.  Unlike the Elvis show this one does not try and chronicle the lives of the Beatles...instead it's just great dancing and acrobatics to their music.The first time I went I got the really expensive seats but this time I got seats farther back.  And actually I thought the view was better from farther back as you can take in the whole stage and see everything that is happening.  It's a great show and I highly recommend checking it out!
3	Dear Beatles,More 'cirque' and less 'du soleil' please.By that I mean less choreography and more flips and crazy stuff.This was my first ever Cirque du Soleil show and I was so stoked because I'm a HUGE Beatles fan. Not to give too much away, but the opening was mind blowingly amazing. But after that, the show sort of slowed down, with a few pick-me-ups in the middle (ie: rollerblading X-Games style to "Revolution"). At some points during the show, I felt like I was watching a modern dance interpretation of the Beatles, which wasn't bad, but I was just expecting a lot more of a circus vibe with more acrobats and dangerous stunts. However, the soundtrack to the show was beautifully crafted, and you could definitely tell that the makers of the show really wanted to focus on commemorating the Beatles as a band. One of the ways they did this, and one of the things I most loved about LOVE, was that they incorporated a lot of the dialog between the band members that had been caught on tape.Don't worry about where you sit, because really there isn't a bad seat in the house. I sat pretty far back, and there is a scene where the performance comes out to the audience and it was really cool to be able to see everything, plus the stage is round so there really isn't a "front" or "back". But what was up with the leg room?! I got way more leg room on my flight into Las Vegas than I did at the LOVE theatre. If you're sitting near or on the aisle, wait until everybody in your area has sat down before you because it gets really tight and annoying when people have to go in and out. I also recommend getting a drink or two before the show, try "Hear Comes the Sun" a sunny blend of rums and juices.TIP: don't sing along during the show. We all get it, you're a Beatles fan and you know the words to the songs, that's why you're here watching the show, but so are the rest of the people sitting around you. I love "Blackbird" as much as you do, guy.Great show, I can't wait to go back to see more Cirque du Soleil in Vegas!
4	In order to enjoy this show like I did you have to:1) Be a fan of The Beatles2) Be a fan of Music in general3) Be a fan of artIf you don't meet any of these, and you're just looking for a circus act with crazy stunts, then this show is not for you. You'd like other Cirque Du Soleil shows better like O.I guess I can't say much else but that you'll really like the show if you meet at least 1 of the conditions I listed above. Look on The Mirage website for deals on tickets.
5	i would watch this show again in a heartbeat!!the wifey treated us to this show and it was all that and then some.  we are huge fans of The Beatles so i knew it was not going to dissapoint.she also got us excellent seats; no obstructions and perfect eye level for the festivities!  we were in section 209.a huge plus:  using all of the original music.  this made all the difference.  i would have cringed if some cheesy cover band recorded all of the OG songs.  i also liked how they mixed various songs w/ each other, too; very tastefully done.the stage props were freakin sick, for lack of a better word.  ;)all of the acrobatics and theatrics are quintessential cirque du soleil but the variety in which they interpreted the songs was creative and entertaining.  a couple of lull moments in the middle but overall an awesome show.
2	It was beautifully...boring! I am a big fan of the beatles and cirque, but was sorely disappointed by the lack of acrobatics in this one. I can appreciate the high production value and it definitely has artistic merit...but i was really bored throughout and so was my sister. I'd rank my cirque experiences as: 1. mystere 2. Ovo 3. Love 4. O. If you loved O, then you'll probably like Love too.
5	I'm writing this review for other guys who are husbands and boyfriends....maybe guys who aren't really so much into "the theater", like me....maybe guys who just go to the show for your significant other. I'm a big Beatles fan. I don't love the theater, actors, or drama, but I'm always fascinated by movements of staging, lights, etc., and nothing was going to stop Mrs. H. from seeing this show on our trip. We lucked out scoring seats in the fourth row, but I'm sure every seat in the place is great. The sound is perfect in every direction, combined with speakers in your seat, front and back. I've read other reviews complaining that this show somehow wasn't athletic or acrobatic enough. WTF? Sure, maybe other Cirque shows have more crazy, rowdy, acrobatics, but Love certainly doesn't lack for amazing physical feats, particularly by the aerial performers. I highly recommend going to the Cirque web site prior to attending the show, to familiarize yourself with the director's interpretation of the characters. Had this not been recommended to me, I'd probably be kind of lost and just listening like the show is a jukebox. Instead, you're treated to a cast of characters derived from elements of each Beatles song. You'll be surprised at how these elements aren't confined to the song you'd think they belong in. Grab a drink or two at the Beatles Love Revo bar before going in, then tune out and tune in. Thumbs up, would go again.
5	Truly spectacular. From beginning to end, I was enthralled!! We were lucky enough to have 4th row seats and were so close, we felt like we were part of the action. A  true Beatles fan, I loved every second of this show.
5	Amazing and beautiful to witness.   Sat pretty high up, but the seats were still great.  The sound is effing amazing - I dont' know if I've ever heard the Beatles sound this good.After the show, be sure to check out the Beatles lounge, which is a Beatles-themed bar that only plays Beatles' songs - except at 10 p.m., it turns into a gay non-Beatles bar...
5	Las Vegas Valentines weekend.... Beatles Love... The Love of my life... Priceless! With the 1st downbeat we were in love with the show... Amazing... simply amazing... Great songs, music and staging... Sgt. Pepper walking aimlessly yet, presence felt... Social/cultural undertones smattered with awesome choreography and daredevil acrobatics! We didn't want it to end... why did it have to end.... so so good!!!Couldn't ask for a better ending to amazing weekend... can't wait to go again! Doesn't get any better...
5	I love Cirque du Soleil. I don't really care for the Beatles. Even with that being said though, this show is simply AMAZING. This is my third favorite Cirque show behind Mystere and Ka. And that's saying a lot since I've seen almost all the shows they've ever done. And I'm not talking about the ones only in Vegas. I've seen Saltimbanco, Allegria, Corte and a lot more. So for me to say that this is my third favorite while not favoring the actual Beatles is a lot.This show is a lot more musical with less acrobatics. That was fine with me because the entire score sounds absolutely amazing in this theater. Every seat has it's own speaker system built in and every seat offers a great view no matter where you sit.This show is highly recommended by yours truly and it's a show that I would definitely see again and again.
5	Great show. We went for Valentine's Day weekend, and were right next to where the performers walk in and out!The music was amazing. The dancing was great. It was not as acrobatic as most Cirque du Soleil shows, but it was much more fun! I wanted to sing and dance the whole show.Wonderfully done!!!
5	I saw this show with a friend for her birthday and it is my absolute favorite of all the Cirque shows here in Vegas.  Felt like an eye-gasm! ... If you love The Beatles, it is a must. We had great seats, not up by the stage but not in the very back. There is so much going on all over. They cover alot of their songs, my favorite being Blackbird. I also loved the performance of Octopus's Garden. I want to go back and watch it again! Also, check out the Revolution lounge before or after the show, We went and got a drink before the show started.
5	I've been to two Cirque shows in the past, and honestly was a little bored by them. I always totally respected the artistic and acrobatic side of their shows, I just couldn't help but leave a little underwhelmed. Not this time...Because this is an actual Cirque theater, and not a traveling tent - they can pull off many more stage changes and video screens - and just put an all around better show.Plus, the Beatles factor was was amazing! The music was awesome, the visual tricks were hypnotizing, and the acrobatics were awe inspiring. I love the Beatles, but think that any music can really help with spicing things up. I think a Led Zeppelin or Jimi show would also be crazy good.Easily the best Cirque du Soleil I've ever seen. 5 stars!
4	Wonderful show, beautifully performed.A few side notes:1. It was simply too loud.  I'm 34...and man, my ears were ringing when we left.2. We had the WORST seats in the house, but we still saw 80% of everything.  Section 206, Row U, Seats 1 and 2.3. I'm 5'3'', petite build  and I was overflowing in the seat.  Not sure how everyone fit in!As you can see, these 3 items are completely separate from the show and geared toward the theatre.
2	hm..............my last trip to vegas was with my dad and sister who was visting me from nyc.. so we decided to watch a show.. but the only shows that were playing sunday night werent that great.. this was the best pick... i dunno if it was us... (being super tired from the short trip stay at vegas) or the show being super..... uhmm... how should i put it nicely... i fell asleep... we all did.. :(i thought..... hm... we spent about 130$ for each ticket... and fell asleep..... the last time i was in nyc.... i was really really tired after helping my sister move into her fabulous apt in manhattan.. and unpacking everything.. my sister had already purchased student tickets in the morning for about 26.50$ and i really didnt want to watch jersey boys... i thought what is that about? ew... but we went there super tired... but omgggg the show was soooo amazing that it actually woke me up.. so my point is.. no matter how tired i am... if a show is as good as they say it is... you wont fall asleep! i dont reccomend anyone to watch this... super boring.. :) but if your okay with pay over 100 for each ticket and falling asleep... then be my guest!
5	Went to the 9:30 show last night. Paid for my own tickets online and sat in section 102 row A - RIGHT UP FRONT!What a show! Seats were great, the performers and performances were incredible, the costumes and props were neat. Oh, the music was FANTASTIC. Had a speaker hidden in front of us and it was loud! Loved it!Scene changes and prop movement was flawless and seamless. Incredible performers. Athletic, powerful and beautiful.The good - Everything! Over the top a true Vegas show.The bad - The annoying blonde gal sitting behind me. I get it, you know the words to most Beatle songs but so does everyone else. Keep it too yourself. I didn't travel 2,000 miles and pay good money to hear you....ZIP IT. I gave her friend the evil eye during a short "quiet" moment and they got the hint.
5	I only wish it lasted another two hours, was ready to sit through another show.  The songs were incredible, the atmosphere magnetic, the performers fabulous.  We have not seen a Cirque show before, but if this is any indication of how they are, we will try another soon.  Our seats were great, which enhanced the experience.  All ya need is Love, for sure!!
4	Cirque du Soleit has always been my favorite... now with the addition of Beatles music. Nothing else can go wrong with this combination. 2 thumps up!
5	This is the most incredible show I've ever seen in my entire life. I really don't know what else to say about it. It was amazing. I have dreams about it. I try to replay it in my mind all the time. I'm a huge Beatles fan, but I went with people who were not big Beatles fans, and they absolutely loved it too. It was the highlight of our vacation. IMPORTANT NOTE: I do not recommend buying the more expensive tickets for seats up front. Instead, I suggest buying the cheaper seats further back in the main section (not the corner sections). I think we sat in the last row of section 200, and we had an excellent view of everything. I think the seats regularly cost $99, but we got them at a discount and paid $80-something each. The cool thing about Cirque du Soleil is that the action is happening above you and the stage, not just in front of you as is typical with most theaters. If you sit right in front of the stage, you will be straining your neck looking behind and above you to see a lot of the action. If you sit further back, you will have a better view of the entire show. Without spoiling it for you, you will actually "miss" one cool part of the show if you sit too close to the front. Overall, I HIGHLY recommend going to Beatles LOVE. It is a truly amazing show and something that you will remember for the rest of your life.
4	The Love show at the Mirage was very good. I have seen a number of Cirque de Soleil shows in the past and they are always high quality entertainment. This show was a little more Broadway than Circus but was very entertaining, great song selections, and a nice mix of stunts and performance. I recommend that if you like Cirque de Soleil and / or the Beatles you see this show. It offers solid entertainment and the thrills always associated with these shows.
5	I am a huge Beatles fan and this show was absolutely perfect. I had rear seats and it felt like we were sitting in box seats. The view was great.Overall the show was amazing!
3	I was pleasantly surprised that I enjoyed this show. Considering I'm not a very big beatles fan. Although I do love a few of their songs. It helps when watching the show. Took my younger brother here for his 21 b day. He loved this show. So that's all that really mattered to me. Visually this show is very much mind blowing. And to be quite honest there really isn't a bad seat in the house. I sat at top balcony. Was really able to see the whole set. It's pretty cool how every seat has their own set of speakers. So you can really get into it. Kinda bummed there wasn't very many acrobatics. But the visual stuff made up for it. I hate to be negative. But there were some real pointless acts in the show. Like this rain boot set they had. So annoying. There was another less than entertaining portion. Just cant really remember. All in all it was pretty good. We also got our tickets at discount price so I can't complain. I'd recommend this show for a younger audience. Don't get me wrong its great for adults too. But I'm sure everyone has different tastes. I think if I was a bigger fan of the music. I would have gave it more stars. But it's worth checking out.
5	Any Beatles fan will have their own connection with the music.  Now imagine this paired with amazing acrobatic skill in an interactive show.  The audience is seated in a circle and the show is presented in the middle. We were seated so close that I could reach out to the side and touch the stage.  I can't say that I'm a huge Cirque du Soleil fan, but paired with the the songs of my life...I was wearing my heart on my sleeve. I was giggling, laughing, and in tears.  I'm buying my parents tickets! I'm going again when I'm in town.  That's how much people should see this show....if they're Beatles fans.  If not...well, I think there's a Carrot Top show playing down the street.
3	Totally overrated. I had high expectations for this show considering that everyone I know who has seen it rants and raves on how great it is. I have to say, going in I was comparing it to O (which I think is the best show of all time) so it's possible that my expectations are skewed. For the price of the tickets and all the hype, I expected this show to be mind blowing...maybe if I had thought of eating some special brownies first! Anyway, the show is basically a mix of dancers and some acrobats choreographed to Beatles music. I thought it was kind of cheesy and I didn't think that the dancing or acrobats were particularly unique or intriguing. To add to the cheesy factor they had an act with roller bladers going back and forth on a ramp. I think they are trying to appeal to the younger generations but someone should tell them that rollerblading in 2011 is now a little on the lame side. Not to discredit the performers' skill or talent, I would have been more impressed at an X Games event.
4	The Good:  First off, I usually don't go to shows when I'm in Vegas.  Heck, I usually don't go to shows and I usually just gamble when I'm in Vegas.  This trip was different, it's another story, and what can I say, this show is pretty awesome.  This is actually my first time to a Las Vegas show.  It's pretty much all Beatles music with a Cirque du Soleil performance of their crazy high flying stunts.  There is so much going on that you shouldn't get bored and you'll end up leaving thinking how did they do that?The Bad:  The lines, entering and exiting.  It's pretty much near the casino so there are huge bottlenecks.  Security is a bitch, they were busting people left and right for pics or vids.   Don't do it, they will catch you.The Ben:  Glad this was my first show.  It was good and I might be convinced to go to another show, just let me get my gamble on first :D
3	First let me preface this by saying that I still think "O" by Cirque is still the best of the Cirque shows.  Having said that, I really enjoyed this show.  It's located in The Mirage Hotel & Casino, so it's not the newest of the new hotels in Vegas but at least it isn't a dump.In order to get to the show entrance, you have to walk down this path that leads conveniently by the Beatles store.  There are a few photo opps with Beatles memorabilia backdrops.  The ushers are dressed in Sergeant Pepper costumes and are very willing to take a picture with you.The stage is set in the center of the auditorium with seating 360 degrees around.  Like all Cirque shows, you will find performers appearing from everywhere above and below.  I wasn't totally in love with the show but maybe I didn't have the best seat.  I will say that the best part of the show was the music.  It was all Beatles music and I actually really like the Beatles.It's a definite recommend from me!
5	Best show I have seen in a long time!  I live in Vegas and went with my fiancee and future in-laws.  There is no such thing as a "bad seat" at this show.  If anything, I felt like I couldn't take in everything that was happening on stage because we sat so close (second row)!  "Experiential" definitely describes this show!  I'd recommend it to anyone, Beatles fan or not!
4	100th Review! I saved LOVE just for this =). Really 4.5 stars.If you don't already know, I am obsessed with The Beatles (no, seriously...). I was interested in how this show would pan out, given that other Cirque shows have a specific repertoire.Despite the uniqueness of Cirque shows, what I enjoyed most about this one was that it was different. You could understand exactly what was going on. The tasteful cuts in music presented an understandable and easy story to follow.Theater: It is a circular theater facing a stage in the middle. I sat more toward the back, but I could still see everything nicely. The outside is super colorful and makes for great photo ops.The show: SO.MUCH.COLOR. It's impossible to be in a grumpy mood the whole way through this show (even if I'm wrong, don't prove it to me please). The acrobatics were great, but some ran for a little longer than they should. I like the connection between the songs and the acts - "Lady Madonna," "Here Comes The Sun," and "All You Need is Love" being my favorites. Service : Ushers Sgt. Pepper costumes? Ahhhhh yes. They were very helpful and fun to approach/look at.Docking a 1/2 star because it is a bit pricey. You can try finding deals outside or if you stay at the Mirage.Overall, out of all the Cirque shows, I'd recommend this one. I could just be biased considering my love for the band, but I'm sure you'll walk away from it happy.
4	This wasn't my favorite Cirque show, but I really liked it.  I enjoy the Beatles, but not a die hard fan or anything.  Initially I wasn't going to see this show as I thought the tickets were a bit pricey, but I did get a discount on tickets directly through the Mirage website.  We were in the 300's section and they were great seats.  I don't think I would have wanted to be much closer for fear of missing something.  There is a lot going on in this show.  A lot of special effects.
5	Fantastic show whether you are or are not a Beatles fan. Yes the tickets are like 150.00 each but what is not pricey in vegas? Definetly recommend taking in this show whenever you are in vegas.
5	Although it's not the most impressive Cirque du Soleil in terms of crazy athleticism, I think it's written extremely well and tells such a great story whilst adding the right balance of music and excitement. My favorite part was the little yellow rain boots. I wanted to take them home with me :).  The part with the crazy ribbons was also really trippy. So many metaphors and artistic interpretations ... really deep
5	Though I'm not much of a Cirque du Soleil fan, I am a huge Beatles fan.  While visiting Las Vegas recently, it was the only show that really appealed to me, and when you're in Vegas you just have to catch a show!Suffice to say, I was enamored by the performance.  Seeing the songs put to motion, with rich costumes, fun, quirky props, and outstanding acrobatics, was positively breathtaking.  The endearing love story woven through the extensive selection of Beatles tunes captured and held me from the very start.  If I ever have the opportunity to see it again, I am totally there!  This is a show that's not to be missed!
5	I don't really love the Beatles, and I borderline detest Cirque du Soleil. But I dig this show! Great music and sound, creative, artsy visuals, amazing costumes, astounding feats of athleticism and lots of energy and FUN!I've seen it twice: once from the very last row of seats, and once from the front row. My advice would be to sit halfway! Front row is below stage level, so you can't see everything, and back row is kinda far from the action. But it was still an excellent experience both times.I hate to admit this, but this show is kinda uplifting...and might even touch you on an emotional level! I've heard Beatles schlock in so many commercials and movies and other spiritually bankrupt settings that I didn't think the music would have much effect on me... but it did! Despite the fact that it's just a bunch of hardbodied dancers in freaky makeup going through the motions twice a night, five nights a week...somehow the lights, effects, music and choreography all come together to make it feel really genuine and interesting. (The TOTAL OPPOSITE of Viva Elvis, incidentally...more on which in my review of that show.) In summation: this show is fabulous...and would probably be even better in a state of altered consciousness!
3	This show was OKAY.  I see that happening a lot now...making money off of dead entertainers like Elvis, MJ, by blastering their music loud and have performers in wild costumes dancing and jumping all over the place.  Lacks originality.  I think the Cirque Du Soleil brand has become too diluted.
5	My favorite Vegas show so far. If you're a Beatles fan you will love it (no pun intended). The music and imagery create a unique experience that you won't find anywhere else. There isn't as much aerial work in Love as there are in other Cirque shows but the music and colors and overall psychedelic vibe more than makes up for that. We sat in the second row but next time we want to sit higher up to get a different vantage point. Will definitely be seeing again someday, as I'm sure this thing will run for a long time.
5	This is truly an amazing show!!! I was not a fan until I actually saw this show randomly in Vegas.The characters were absolutely fabulous!! I came with a "Celeb"(So to say) and the Acrobats made a point to say hello and wave after each set which was pretty cool. The music speaks for itself.....ummm its The Beatles!!I would come and see this show every time I visit Vegas if I could! Fabulous!!!!!! Try and buy the soundtrack too!
5	Woohoo!  Best Cirque show I've been to yet!  Some might say I am biased because I have this love for Beatles music, but I think that the content of the show and the theatrics were very exciting from beginning to end.  I was sitting on the second to the top tier as we had discounted locals tix and the view was still great.  Granted, I would've liked to sit a little closer (for reasons that I will not disclose because there is a certain part of the show that gets the people up front involved) but watching from up top was still awesome.  The music timed up with the theatrics was a real treat as well because it's 1) obviously the Beatles and 2) the mixing of the songs were seamless and flowed very nicely.  The only thing I wasn't a fan of was my pricey beer.  But, hey, it's the Mirage so what do you expect?Definitely a treat and I would highly recommend!
4	Great show. Probably the best show I've seen in Vegas other than 'O'. You'll love it if you're a Beatles fan; you'll love it if you're not a Beatles fan. There is a bar next to the auditorium in the Mirage called Revolution Lounge, and they have a pre-show countdown, so you can stay there and you're told when the actual show will begin so you can take your seats.
5	One thing I've noticed, reading a few reviews here, is that people who don't like the Beatles also don't like Cirque du Soleil. Interesting, no? Who are these people? Where do they live? I seem to not know a single such person and would like to talk with them and find out what life is like in the chilly alternate universe where they live. Anyway. "Love" is a first-rate show and really should be first on your list for a Vegas trip. (Other than, you know, the "gaming" thing - at what point, by the way, did "gambling" become "gaming"? But I digress.) As any number of people here say, if you love the Beatles you'll love this show and go a little nuts about it, and if you just sort of like the Beatles, this show may open your eyes and change your life. For the better.
4	We were perched in our great seats over a doorway for this theater in the round production of Cirque.  It was like flying through the sky for the Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds number, clouds around and overhead.  Great view of a vibrant show.The Beatles, whatever my opinion of them, are the background sound track for many parts of my life, and whether you like them or not, they form a tapestry of meaning.  I am more of a Rock N. Roll gal myself, but this peppy production was like a trip down memory lane and into the future.I had watched the documentary on making this Cirque show before seeing it, and felt it might have been grittier and stronger if it had not been somewhat censored by relatives of the deceased Beatles.  But as created, it is a high energy recreation of much of the music that powered the social revolutions of the 60's and 70's.As a Cirque production, it is a bit more Broadway than  midway, and the athletics were minimized by the emphasis on dance and music, but the Cirque flair was still there, making this an energetic trip to the past.
5	MAGICAL! AMAZING! Worth every second. I was upset when I had to blink. Absolutely outstanding.
5	I came here during a company conference a few years ago and now Im making a review because I'll going here again this weekend.  I'll tell you what its the best show i've seen on the strip! Well the fact is that I haven't seen KA, O, Blue Man Group or any other Cirque du Soleil shows in Sin City. This show will mesmerize the mind in some way and it as a fun kick to it.When you first walk inside before ticketing, WOW the lobby corridor is GrooOOVE!!! Psychedelic! its like being in Austin Powers British world, Yeah Baby! now strike a pose and take pics! Make sure you get some of that Strawberry Fields drink at the bar before seating and keep your souvenir cup (I left mine behind the first time).We all sat a few rows down from the top on one of those 200 sections, it was easy to see, no matter how far you are because the stage is round.Early part of the show your gonna hear the beats thumpin' rolling into the track "get back" it got me bobbin my head. At the start, the music is slow, and soothing and so forth. The performances are great! the Choreography is Cirque Du Soleil splendid! they all flow accordingly of some of the Beatles greatest hits.Before all of this, I had little knowledge of Beatle Music and knowing that its my parents teenage years of their generation, was the craze!  I remember seeing some those old Beatles records my dad kept at his childhood home but it must be golden.I recommend seeing this show, it got me to be a believer that's why I've been wanting to take my woman this time around and that's why I played the Beatles Love CD soundtrack (provided from my company swagbag) like non-stop on our road trip back home from conference and again I played the music soundtrack non-stop on a road trip to Arizona. The music is catchy and it would make you appreciate Beatles Music more after watching this show. It even got me playing Rock Band Beatles on my XBOX 360! for crying out loud!This is how i can describe the Beatles Love show at the Mirage: happy,joy,sad,celebrate,and all you need is love...
2	The entire cast of O was on vacation the week of my vacation so the Cirque Du Jour was LOVE.  Can someone please tell me if I missed some MAJOR metaphor?  I didn't get it.  I enjoyed the music and I don't really like the Beatles but I thought most of the action was lame.  The dancing pregnant lady???  I've seen better dancing on early-season shows of Dancing with the Stars.  The kids riding on a bed - it reminded me of something of a cross between Pink Floyd's The Wall and Harry Potter.  The coolest scene was by far done to Octopus's Garden-I felt like I was in an aquarium with jelly fish floating around.  Other than that this show was the longest 90 minutes of my life.
4	Awesomagitastical! I really wanted to give this one 5 stars. It was so innovative and creative and well executed, except for the big screens. Seriously overkill and actually detracted from the performance. Reminded me of cheesy laser shows from the 90's. Sometimes, less is more.Less acrobatics equals more dancing. The choreography encompassed a variety of interesting styles. However there were still plenty of tricks and gravity defiance. I really have more appreciation for Beatles music after this show! It was like being immersed in a live version of Across the Universe. Colorful, loud, fun, trippy - a treat for all your senses! If only all you need is love to buy your tickets, but it was definitely worth the expense!
3	First this is really a dance performance more than anything, with spectacular visuals set against Beatles music. Those expecting acrobatics will be disappointed, but there are a few outstanding acts here and there. I felt that the start of the show was a little messy and contrived. But by the third or fourth song the show had hit its stride, and it got really enjoyable. One thing to note I wasn't a big fan of how my favorite Beatles' song was interpreted. Oh and try to sit in the second section for the best view!
4	The music was awesome, the show was great, of course I knew it would be. The best thing about my experience was being there with the one I LOVE!
5	Lets start out by saying that I am not a Beatles fan.  There are a handful of songs that I like but never got into them.  I tend to like the folk portion of that era of music. And you know what it did not matter one bit.  It was a fun high energy show that should make anyone smile. My husband who likes the Beatles less than I do can wait to take the girls.
5	When I'm in Vegas I like to do three things: Eat, Drink, and Gamble. I know that Vegas is known for their great shows but I'd rather spend my money on other things, such as stuffing my face and getting drunk. But when I went here with my sister, aunt, and Grandmother, I knew I was going to have to spend at least one night at a show. Oh Man was I happy we chose this one! Love was awesome!!! I had such a good time. You don't need to be a HUGE Beatles fan to love this show. My aunt doesn't like the Beatles that much and she adored this show. If you're going to go to only one show in Vegas, this should be it!
5	This one was extra special for me.  Love the Beatles so I was on the edge of my seat the entire time. Theyre lucky they didnt fail me or my family.  Emotional for many reasons so thank you Mr. Producer for not failing me!!
5	What more can I say that fellow Yelpers haven't already? I lived in Las Vegas for about a year and in that year I saw Love, O, Mystere, Ka, and Believe and let me start out by saying that Cirque du Soleil is beautiful, elegant, amazing, and just good fun, no matter which show you go to BUT Love by far is my favorite. You're on the edge of your seat the whole time. The dancing is great, the music is great, its colorful, bright, almost psychedelic and whimsical. I love that there isn't a bad seat in the house. It's a spendy show, like all the Cirques but you're paying for something exceptional. Have fun.
4	A great show for 2000 people.  A very High Energy show, with way more action than you can take in.  Great Beatles music.  DO NOT TRY AND SNEEK PHOTOS or you will be hounded to delete them.   My only complaint is a desire for a program with a bit of story line and cast member backgrounds and LESS adds for other things in Vegus.  Box Office at the Mirage SUCKED for picking up tickets for the event.  Crowd Mgt was good.  I would try and buy seats in 2nd or 3rd tier and NOT up close to enjoy full show.
4	I'm not ashamed to admit that I really love Cirque du Soleil.  I find myself entertained and amazed at some of the feats of acrobatics, strength, grace, and pure artistry put on display.  I took my girlfriend who had never been to a Cirque show before to see "Love".  I love the Beatles' music and thought that a Cirque performance inspired by such an iconic group with such a rich and diverse music catalog would make for a great show especially for someone's first exposure to Cirque.  "Love" proved itself worthy of the Cirque name.  That said, in the interests of full disclosure, I didn't come away in as much sense of awe like I did after "O", "Ka", or even "Mystere".  "Love" leans more on music and dance than some of the other Cirque shows, but when it gears up into the signature, jaw-dropping Cirque acrobatics, "Love" truly impresses.  It's a visual and aural feast!  I'll never listen to the Beatles the same way again!  "Love" is an entirely enjoyable show that's suitable for the whole family.
5	Wow...this show brought up every emotion in me from my first crush, to passionate love, to the pain of losing a parent, and then went on to fill my heart with happiness and joy. The music, the stage set up, the performers...all amazing. I love The Beatles but I think any person would like this show. Warning: beware of the bar's Beatles themed drinks. They are large (comes with a souvenir cup) and you will almost pee your pants because you will refuse to miss one second of the show. I pretty much ran in heels as soon as I could escape the exiting crowd. :P Also, go to the souvenir shop earlier in the day to avoid the after show crowd.
5	great show! the GF and I enjoyed it.
5	I'd give LOVE ten stars if that option was available. Easily the most entertaining stage performance I have ever attended - entertaining, great effects and sequences, terrific music, and great heart.I'd never seen a Cirque show before this one and I went in not too sure what to expect. I was a bit concerned that there'd be a lot of pretentious prancing about as we watched some sort of freakish Marcel Marceau meets the Ringling Brothers meets The Fab Four for ninety minutes, but it was nothing like that. It was tasteful and highly entertaining.As a long time Beatles fan I appreciated that they didn't stick with all of the extremely obvious, overplayed songs and kept it all relevant to the story they were trying to tell, rather than making it be a cheesy procession of Beatlemania references set to acrobatics.If you're in to huge amounts of the circus-style trapezery you might prefer other Cirque's but this one was just right for us - a great night out.The only way I can see anyone giving a show like this fewer than five stars is if they come in with some very specific expectations of what a Cirque du Soleil should be.
4	I really enjoyed this show BUT I also love the Beatles. I can see if you are not a fan of the Beatles how this show could be kind of boring and/or get on your nerves. The "acts" themselves are average, again it is all about the music/story line not so much the acrobatics
5	What an amazing show!  I love the Beatles and have been wanting to see this show since I heard about it.  Luckily, a friend was coming in town so I had an excuse to do the touristy thing and see it.  The visual effects were insane.  I wish I still did drugs cause this show would be a trip!  The skating part was pretty rad and the surround sound on the seats was killer.  My friend was in a wheelchair and they were able to move a chair out and give her her own little surround sound speakers.  Pretty neato.  I'd like to see this show again.  There was so much going on that I'm sure it'd be like seeing a whole other show the 2nd time.
5	AMAZING. WORTH EVERY PENNY. If you are in Vegas and looking for a show to go see LOVE needs to be on the top of your list.Stop reading this review and buy tickets. Thank me later
5	best 90 minutes of my lifeeeeeee! amazingamazingamazing!!!
4	My BF asked me if I wanted to go see a show while in Vegas. This was my first ever Cirque Du Soleil show and I like the Beatles - so why not? Its hard not to be impressed with people who fly around on a stage. The athletic ability and talent that is showcased all to the Beatles was nothing short of awesome. I think "Lucy in the Sky" was one of my favorite parts of the whole show (though there really were a lot of great moment throughout the show). Though this is my first show - it certainly won't be my last.
4	This is my first Cirque du Soleil show.  I liked it a lot, the aerial activities were amazing, especially the guy on the swing and the women doing the Indian rope dances.  The music was fantastic. One thing I think they need to improve is to get the right dance style for the Beatles.  They need to get some authentic Gazzarri type dancers, that were around in the 60's and omit the Break Dance, Pop Lock and Stomping, all of which I like, but came much later and had nothing to do with the Beatles.
4	This show exceeded my expectations I have to say...This showroom is set up like no other, you can literally see the same view of the show performance from all four corners of this venue. If you have seen this show or plan on seeing it you will know what I mean. The music of course is fantastic. I am not from the Beatles era however after seeing this show I went home and downloaded a ton of Beatles stuff to add to my music collection! A must see show and is worth the money for those who will purchase tickets! Is a bit creepy remembering the character in the show who was convicted of murder for dismembering and encasing in cement the body of his girlfriend in real life. I remember the guy from the show, and was stunned when I watched the news and saw his mug shot.Not to mention I also had seen the show "Fantasy" in which she was a performer. Anyhow, this is Vegas a reminder of real life drama beyond the neon glitz. RIP Debora Flores Narvaez
5	I have seen all of the cirque shows and by far this is the best one!!Nothing beats  LOVE, not even "O" (even though "O" is good) LOVE is just amazing!  It is beautiful with an array of colors and fantastic acoustics in the theatre in the round.  If you love the Beatles it is a plus!  I wasn't a big Beatles fan but I still enjoyed the show immensely!  If you have an opportunity go and watch it.. It is worth the investment!!
4	We saw this show last month by taking advantage of the Summer of Cirque offer for $55 tickets. The showroom is great, and there is an awful lot going on all the time during the performance. I think I could see it again more than once and get something new from it each time. My partner isn't a Beatles fan, but he still thoroughly enjoyed it.This is a great show for all ages, and definitely worth it at $55.
5	This was my first Cirque show. It was a 2 hour show at the Mirage Hotel. At points throughout the show, I did not know where to look because there was so much stuff going on everywhere. It was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. I did not grow up in The Beatles time period of history so I was just "eh" about it, but after this show... I just wanna go home and download all their albums. Everyone should go watch it !
5	Best show I ever saw, mind blowing, I recommend it to everyone who goes to Vegas and the peeps that saw it thanked me for hyping it up if you like the Beatles go and see it you will not be disappointed
5	I sort of feel like if you've been to one Cirq show you've been to them all, just with a different theme..Until The Beatles LOVE experience at the Mirage. With all of the Cirq shows there comes a point where there's so much going on that even with the max dose of A.D.D. medication, you still feel like you missed a few things. BUT this show is worth the concentration, that is if you like the music of the Beatles. Lets discuss the stage.. WOW! The intricacies of this stage could very well be even more impressive than the performers (almost). I don't recommend a front row seat to this show, or any Cirq show for that matter, it's just too close and you'll miss all of the grandness happening on a larger wider scale. Midway up and pretty much anywhere in the showroom would work, the further up you sit, the more you see. OK people, it's just not possible to describe in detail my entire experience that evening at The Beatles LOVE show, but I will leave you with this. IF you are a fan of Beatles music you MUST see this show! It will leave your feet tapping and I guarantee you will have to fight the urge to want to sing along..or punch the person sitting next to you for singing along (poorly). It's a must see, don't miss it!
5	I highly recommend the show.  Although I did not know 2/3 of the songs, I enjoyed the experience fully.  The arena is round, so the stage is 360 -- therefore, there is no bad seat in the house!  My mind was overwhelmed by trying to track all the dancers and acrobats coming from all parts of the stage (and above too!).  It can be little loud, especially at the beginning of the show, so wear ear plugs if you must.It's the bomb!
5	This is something you must see when you arrive in Vegas. It is no wonder why it has been the number one show in for the past five years. The music is beautifully mixed and doesn't necessarily follow the chronological format of which the music has been released, it fits where it needs to fit. You must always keep your head a spindle because you dong want to miss what daring thing will pass by your hair.Go see the show, even if you are a non-Beatles fan"All you need is LOVE"
5	This was the last show I saw when visiting Vegas.  I thought it was absolutely fantastic and a must see, especially for Beatles fans.  I got a great deal and got great seats (2nd row!).  That close you can see the performers running by doing their thing it was incredible.  The changing stage was pretty cool and a lot of the aerial stuff was great.  Not overly acrobatic like other Cirque shows but still enjoyable.  I really thought it was cool you can buy drinks at the bar before going into the theater (with your drinks).  Got a margarita with a collector cup for like $15 or so.
5	Saw the show a 2nd time for wife and son's birthday. Have to believe it's a new show every time depending on where you're sitting there is so much going on and above the stage. Sat in the upper 200 section the first time and 5th row this time. Was amazed that sitting up so close that there was such attention to detail in the costumes and props - how did they get these things to move off battery!? Great music. Great performers. If you're going to ONE show, it's got to be Love.  Try tix4tonight for discount tickets but get there early in the morning, if it's your birthday try the box office direct for a house discount.
5	Went last year with family.  Went last week with the other family.  It's amazing.Obviously you should be a Beatles fan to go - it's only Beatles.  Mind blowing is all I can think of to say.The 2nd time I got to see some of the stuff I didn't see the first time - I can't wait to go a 3rd time to find out what else I've missed.Just go - if you're a fan of the music I can't imagine you'd not love "Love" as much as I did.
3	I'm a huge Beatles fan and I have seen many Cirque du Soleil shows, so of course my expectations were high. This particular show was more of dance performances than acrobatics.  So I was missing that part.  I felt it was kind of a short show, 90 minutes, compared to others and I found myself saying 'that's it??" at the end.  I didn't get the storyline, if there actually was one.  But what I did love was the costumes, they were fabulous. And I just LOVED how they used the voices from the Beatles themselves.  I wish they had done a lot more of that throughout the show.  It gave me chills hearing their voices like they were really there! I recommend this show only if O is sold out and if you're a big Beatles fan.
5	This is one awesome show not to be missed! For Beatles fans knowing the story of Julia, it is tough to watch the car wreck scene.
5	One word: incredible. I was lucky enough to be taken here as a birthday present. If you are a Beatles fan this is a must see when you're in Vegas. If you're not a Beatles fan, then you should still go because you will leave there being one.This show is an amazing tapestry of the great songbook of the Beatles mixed with the story of their lives all portrayed by the amazing acrobatics, grace and athleticism of the Cirque du Soleil team.The staff goes all out dressed in their very own Sgt Pepper garb and a few of the cast members come out to entertain the audience while you wait.A tip too if you're going: Try to get seats that are midlevel at the back. I don't want to spoil it but something happens during the show and when you're in these seats you get to see something most people won't.  It's just a magical experience and well worth the high ticket price. I left an even bigger Beatles fan then when I came and even got a little choked up during the last number.All you need is LOVE!
5	An amazing experience from start to finish.  Even if you aren't a Beatles fan, you will no doubt enjoy yourself at Love.  Get the big drink - its $15 for a single and $20 for a triple.  Blackbird, Yesterday, and Hey Jude were my favorite parts.  My only disappointment was the lack of 'Let it Be', but I'll let it slide because the Beatles obviously have way too many great songs to fit into 90 minutes. Very difficult to explain in any detail, you just have to see the show.
4	I would actually give this 3.5 stars, but I rounded up, because all those bendy Cirque performers deserve it. I think this show is great if you really love the Beatles, but I have to confess that I fell asleep for a minute. This Cirque show has more dancing than some of the others, and there is a bit of a storyline. The performers' strength and flexibility never cease to impress me.
5	Simply amazing. Take your lady, you won't go wrong. Even if you're not a fan of the Beatles you'll love Love(no pun intended).
5	WOW!!! This show was amazing.  Everyone that is looking for a show to see in Vegas should definitely hit this up!!!  The theatrical performances and visuals were incredible.  I would highly recommend anyone that loves the beatles to check this out.  Go to this you will not be disappointed.
5	If you are ever in Las Vegas and could watch one show...Cirque du Soleil's Beatles Love is the one to watch, hands down. I've seen all of the Cirque du Soleil shows in Vegas and this is my most favorite, incredible from start to finish, alot of things going on at the same time and the way they incorporated the Beatles songs into their performance was brilliant. Words alone can't describe how good this show is. A friend of mind rarely listens to music let alone Beatles songs and came away very impressed. This is definitely a must see and  very highly recommended!!
4	Incredible show. I don't think you need to be a diehard Beatles fan to enjoy it, as I am not, and I definitely enjoyed all 90 minutes. I'd say LOVE was more dance centric than acrobatic, but there was still plenty of the latter. As for the storyline, yeah I'll admit, I had no idea what was going on most of the time, but I just enjoyed the more superficial pleasures like the music and stunts/dancing.I suppose it would be inconsiderate to spoil anything, but I do want to parrot what another reviewer mentioned and say try to sit toward the back. I had aisle seats in the very last row on the lower level (which is still very close as it's a small theater, and the balcony does not cover you). Only about 5 rows from the back and the balcony get to see something which was really, really cool. Also, I hope no one is paying full price for their tickets. The show was far from sold out for my 7PM Saturday showing and you can get nice discounts if you're willing to wait and play things by ear.
5	By far the best show I've ever seen.  Let me say this a the start, I don't/didn't/never have liked Beatles music.  With that said, this show has a way to make you tap your shoe and nod your head to the music.  Also, with most Cirque shows, I have a very hard time paying attention throughout the show, and at some point actually find myself getting a little bored by the time the show ends.  That definitely did not happen with this one. With each song having it's own story, it definitely helps keep you interested throughout.  Amazing show, and definite must see while you're in Vegas!
5	I've seen Cirque De Soleil's The Beatles Love Show at The Mirage 3x in the past year, that's how much I love it. The first time we watched, the theater didn't get full. We were lucky and got a complimentary upgrade to the front row. Awesome! =)When the show started, I immediately got goose bumps. The Beatles music was so powerful and moving.. And listening to their awesome music at the Mirage theater while being beautifully and artistically interpreted by Cirque was one of the most memorable experiences of my life. The performers were all lovely and incredible to watch. Dancers/Acrobats were coming from all sides and angles of the stage and it was all so amazing to see. The glitter, the life, the movements and all the props jived to make the show successful and enjoyable to watch for people from all walks of life. The whole show is perfection to me but my most favorite parts are the intro "Because", "Something", "I am the Walrus" and of course my all time fave "While my guitar gently weeps." Call me sappy, corny, crazy or whatever but I got all teary-eyed during the show and all I could think of was bringing my dad to the show. If there was one person in the world who would appreciate this show to its core, it's my Dad. The reason I learned "While my guitar" on the electric guitar and my love for music, I owe all to him. I guess I raved about the show so much that 5 months later, I found myself in the theater watching it for the second time, this time my Dad was there! =)Third time I saw the show was just this last Sunday. My friend who shares the same love for music and The Beatles witnessed the amazing performance with me this time. The show had always been a lil pricey but my friend knew somebody who performs for the Cirque so he was able to hook us up with tickets for half the price! Woohoo!! *Sigh* Perfection from start to finish! I love The Beatles and Cirque so much, I think Imma make it a regular must-go-to show everytime I'm in Vegas.. Worth every fuck!n penny! =)
5	WOW!!!!......1 hour and a half of WOW! It is worth EVERY penny whether your a Beatles fan or not. The music, The actors, The special affects, The costumes...just WOW!
5	Beautiful and visually stunning show! I've only seen a few of the Cirque shows but so far this if my favorite of all of them! I loved the music and when the Beatles shadows come out and you feel like they are in the show too! The dancing, the propos, the colors, the acrobatics.. all of it is just a perfect medley.My only complaint is that they need someone to watch people during the show. We had a drunk girl sitting next to us who kept getting up, talking very loudly during the show, etc. -- someone should've asked her to quiet down or leave. They had tons of ushers before and after the show but need someone to monitor more during the show. It was very distracting but no reflection on the actual show as much as the venue.
5	Agh! I did not have the best seats for this show. I was behind a pillar and learned the hard way that "obstructed view" REALLY means obstructed. I suggest you do it right and plan early so you can catch more than glimpses of this fun show.I hope you like the Beatles, because this show is all Beatles, all the time and I LOVED IT! The soundtrack is amazing and the performers and props were beautiful and just perfect. More than once did the show have that "Ahhhhh!" factor. I can't wait to return and see this show the proper way (without Pillars). It's definitely worth the money and your precious Vegas time. It will make your trip for sure!
4	Fun, high-energy show (for the most part)!My bf and I went to see them for his b-day.  It didn't start well initially because we got there late, and waited 5 minutes for an elevator that did not come.  Finally, disgusted, my bf decided that bum knee or not, he was going to hobble up the steps to the mezzanine where our seats were.Once we got in, it was a great experience.  The seats were great (P4 and P5 in the Mirage)!  The stage was in the middle and the performers dashed into the center of the stage from the bottom or were transported there from the ceiling and dropped.The show was much, much better than seen on PBS--much more energetic and spectacular. One grouse, some of the routines were a bit too mellow--I nodded off periodically during a few of those...Would definitely see other Cirque du Soleil shows!
5	Go! Go! Go!Whether you are a huge Beatle fan or not you will enjoy this show! The show was just beautiful and you can't take your eyes off of it. Best cirque show I've see to date... keep your eye out for deals because it can be pricey, pretty much no seat is a bad seat -- if you can get somewhere in the middle I'd say that's your best bet.Everytime I hear a Beatle song now I smile and think of the show... it's just great!
2	I was so excited to watch this show, not just because I'm a huge fan of the Beatles but every Cirque show I have seen was amazing. This one, not so much. Maybe it was our seating (balcony) but every angle is supposed to be great and has been in my past experience. I think my main problem with this show is that there was so many "interpretive dancing" portions which I felt was blah. And really, what was up with the guy with the flowers? There were some magical moments of the show, don't get me wrong, but if I wanted to watch an interpretive dance music video, I wouldve gotten tickets to the Jabbawockees instead.
5	Love!!  I love!Man almost all my senses were heightened during this show.  It was just beautiful.  My dad teared up a bit watching it.Even if you're not a Beatles fan, you will love it.It's amazing how it brings together pop culture, dance, music, visual effects, acrobatics, and humor to pull at your heart strings.I got 20% off my ticket looking for deals on Mirage's website. I also saw later 50% off deals through Travelzoo.com.  Still, well worth the $115 I paid.  We sat in section 209  row N and our seats were perfect!  We were included in the special effect and had a great view of everything going on.Amazing!  My dad said he wants to make seeing it an annual thing.
2	I've been waiting to see this show for over a year.  I was very excited to say the least, I suppose my expectations were high.  There were about 3 great song performances of the 20+ songs.  The artists are very talented and some of the acts are impressive. We enjoyed the octopus garden, the skaters, the bubbles and the trampolines.On the other hand, there were many performances that seemed random and I became bored throughout.  While I realize the artists work very hard and I'm not disrespecting their skills or talents, I think the choreographers should start an advisory council and go back to the creative stage and re-design the choreography.
4	I knew our trip to Vegas would not be complete if we did not watch a show and since we booked at The Mirage it was but natural to include tickets to Cirque de Soleil's The Beatles LOVE. The theater's seating is circular which is not your traditional theater seating so it's a bit tricky when you buy tickets online and choose your seats. My husband and I were in the 201 section row N and I believe they were good seats. The performance was great and totally reflected the Beatles songs they chose.
3	Sat in row S and being part of Cirque Club, I got a bunch of seats for $50 each.  I'm not a super fan of the Beatles but since the tickets were cheaper and my friends wanted to check it out, I jumped on the bandwagon and headed inside.Usually with most Cirque shows, I usually have to figure out what the f___ the story is and et cetera.  With LOVE, we know what the story is and are there to see the show's "interpretation" of the songs and their meanings.  All in all, there were many cool moments of physical daring and skill and lots of sound bites of the Fab 4 during their careers.  A few of my favorite Beatles songs like "Here Comes The Sun" and "Hey Jude" were played.  There was one moment where they had a strobelight flashing  for 10 seconds straight.  At that point, I didn't close my eyes but I wish I did because I felt like I almost could have had a seizure.  Memo to the show management: Flashing lights from a Japanese cartoon had caused a few kids to have actual seizures!  Maybe tone it down a bit...Overall, I enjoyed the show and the concepts and even the pleasure of the LOVE theater inside with the glass transparent hallways and fab colors splashed everywhere.  However, I don't know if I could ever recommend this show to anyone but the most hardcore Beatles followers.
3	Some of my friends will hate me for this, but I just didn't find this one as good as my other cirque experience. As much as I love the Beatles and their music, there was no story line. Which I understand, it's a Beatles tribute and hard to put a story together based on their songs. But I guess I don't deal well with the abstract. I went in a group of 5 and some loved it, while others thought it was okay. I personally would have preferred more acrobats and less dancing, and maybe I would have liked it more if it had been my first cirque show. Who knows. A good show, but not sure it was worth my $123.
5	If you love The Beatles GO!!! I loved this show!!!  My 1st Cirque show and I would do it again!
4	I loved the music, the arrangement, the set up, but I felt like something was a little lacking. It was my first Cirque show, so I don't have a lot to compare it with, but there seemed to be a disconnect between the music and the performance. That said, I'm glad I saw it, I'd recommend it to others (based on the music alone), but I'm not so sure I'd want to see it again.
5	My fiancee and I have seen this show a couple of times, and it is our favorite one!!  Creative, fun, great seats anywhere you sit because it's in the round.  It is almost better to sit up in the second section to get a bird's eye view of the entire production.When you sit really close, you are constantly turning your head left to right to see everything that is happening.The roller skaters with big wooly mammoth boots on is my favorite part!Go see this show!!  It's legit!!
3	It was my first time to see a show in Vegas and I enjoyed it. The acrobatics and stage settings were breathtaking, and the musical extracts featured throughout the show harked back to memories of a multitude of Beatles' songs. It's played at the Mirage -- centrally located on the Strip. The show was played on a stage with seats surrounding it 360 degree-style, and the curtains draping over in various directions were lifted and put down for amazing artistic effects. I would recommend this show if you're a Beatles fan, or if you're not that into the other more raucous or raunchy shows that are nonetheless a decidedly Vegas staple.
4	great
1	This is definitely one of the weaker Cirque du Soleil shows.  Not worth your time or money.  It's mostly just people in odd costumes running around the stage for 90 minutes.  The acrobatics and choreography are weak.  There are far better ways to spend your time and money in Vegas.
5	As a Cirque du Soleil show: 5 starsAs a Beatles tribute: 4.5 starsI have seen Mystere, O, Zumanity, Quidam, Corteo, and Kooza. Love is my favorite Cirque show. Not only do you get the acrobatic amazement of Cirque du Soleil, but you the color and flare of the Yellow Submarine and a soundtrack of your Beatles favorites. As far as being a Beatles tribute, I think you can safely say it is a good tribute and throughout, is a tribute to the visual aspects of the Beatles - the colors, images, cartoons, etc we associate with the band. They are not trying to tell the story of the Beatles, just A story of their music. As such, I think it was quite brilliant, but die-hard Beatles fan should not expect a faithful and dutiful tribute to each Beatle or the band or the period in which they lived. This is, after all, a circus show :)
2	Well for starters I am not a big fan of the Beatles (Yes we do exist) so I was not really looking forward to this. We had reasonable seats and the venue is quite large and with stage being 360 and they way main stage is set it is possible to miss out somethings. Cirque tried to cover it with something going on each side but I found it to be a sensory overload. The soundtrack is good as it is a take on legendary music here. The acrobats are ok but not amazing like other shows. My friend enjoyed it but I wasn't impressed so my take is if you are a Beatles fan by all means go for it but if you are Cirque fan there are much better options.
5	I dare anyone to describe this phenomenal show in words.  Beatles fans would love this.  The show is very pleasing to the eyes and utilizes acrobatics, synchronized dancing, special lighting effects, and more to create a one-of-a-kind Cirque du Soleil interpretation of songs by The Beatles.  I enjoyed every minute of it from beginning to end.  There were plenty of visuals occurring all at once and I sometimes didn't really know where to look.  This is a show that I could definitely watch again and see something that I might've missed the last time.100's seating is closest to the stage, with 300's (balcony) being the farthest and cheapest.  I was seated in the 200's and found it far enough to get a perfect bird's eye view, but not too far that I couldn't see the performers faces.  If I sat any closer I'd probably be moving my head a lot. I have become a Cirque du Soleil fan and plan on seeing many more of their shows on future visits.  Perhaps Mystere will be next on my list.
5	Just see it..plain and simple. There aren't words to adequately explain it so no reason to try.
5	It is my favorite show in Las Vegas.  I have frequented Vegas once a year the past three years, and I have seen this show each of the visits.  I LOVE the Beatles but even if I didn not like the Beatles, I would like the show.  The soundtrack is great and all the scenes in the show tie in to an event that happened in the 1960's, or in the lives of the Beatles.  Can't wait to see it again.  ALL YOU NEED IS LOVE!
5	I've been looking forward to watch this show and I was not disappointed, in fact, during the whole show,felt that I was In different dimension, our ticket was a little pricey as it was last minute but  we were in one of the best seats and it's worth every penny..I'm sure even those who watched from the seat farther, enjoyed the show as much as I did. Performers were great, sounds and of course the Beatle's music was amazing ,  I want to watch this show 5 or 10 more times. For my sons who were natural daredevils, it will excite them to the max and to my daughters who love music and dancing, it will surely amaze them. I plan to watch this show with the whole family next year. To the whole production of "LOVE" well done, great job, and more power to you, and may you continue to awe more people with the greatness of your show.
4	I recommend everyone sees this show for the spectacular visuals that I will never forget.  However, I must admit to being a bit disappointed with my first Vegas Cirque show, having seen four previous shows in Los Angeles.  For every spectacular visually stunning number there were a few that were kind of boring, just many costumed people dancing around on the stage.  I wasn't sure to look to find the great acrobatics I was expected but often times there weren't any.  That's right...far less acrobatics than I've come to expect from smaller Cirque shows.  Yes, there were two very good numbers in the middle of the show (one with unicycles flying) but that turned out to be the climax of thrills.  After that it was back to amazing visuals and a lot of wandering around onstage.  The attempt at a story was unfortunate.  Better to skip storytelling than attempt it so poorly.If you like the Beatles, see this.  Everyone else can skip it.  Amazing visuals, great theatricality, but not much drama.
5	I just have a few things to say:PHENOMENAL, MESMERIZING, SENSORY OVERLOAD! I am not a huge Beatles fan, in fact I only knew a handful of the songs, but I loved the music and the artistry of the show. There were some awesome technical special effects. Every seat is amazing, the 360 stage is a wonderful idea. Tip - Any seat in the 100 or 200 level will be a great seat...I actually think it's better to sit up higher in the 200 level because you will get to see EVERYTHING and won't  have to look up too much. This is my second Cirque show, I saw Zumanity which was great, but very different in style. I have taken a vow to see a Cirque show every time I go to Vegas.
5	I laughed. I cried. I sang. And I cried again. I thought this show would be a must-see for any Beatles fan, and a Beatles fan only, because who else would be willing to spend so much on a ticket? I finally took my mother last weekend, and I realized I was wrong. I am a die-hard fan of the Fab Four, but surely anyone would appreciate this show. It was amazing. It was my first Cirque du Soleil Experience ever, and I picked the perfect one. It was just spectacular- I don't think I can even come up with the words to describe this show to you- and I don't really want to. I think the best thing you can do in order to be able to know what I'm talking about- book your tickets as soon as possible. It's the best money you'll ever spend.  While I was aware that there was a lot of circus related acts in the show, I was surprised how much else I saw- ballet, art, Step dance, Hip Hop, gymnastics, beautiful lights and special effects, and SO much more, following an amazing story. You won't be disappointed. I have to say that watching ALL of my favorite songs come to life in this theater was a really comfortable experience, as well. The theater's seating is designed to so all audience members can enjoy the performances...and after all, there were acrobats dangling from the ceiling and floating past me as "Strawberry Fields" was amplified throughout the auditorium, which is always hard to miss. But, just saying, as a woman who of only 4'9", it was pretty awesome to be sitting in a theater where I wasn't peering over the tall man in the seat in front of me. Everything that was happening on the floor below me (which was a lot, too!) was just as visible as everything that was happening above. It felt like my mother and were constantly pointing out new things to each other, whispering in each others ears, saying "Oh my gosh, loo over there!" "Wow, what's that happening?" And both of us sang, too. It was mesmerizing, a hands-down must-see. I really felt like all the boys were in the room celebrating with us at certain points...(though I'll be nice and spare you the details of why this was so...) It was so captivating that halfway through the show, I realized I hadn't even drank very much of my "Can't buy me love" cranberry vodka drink....I was so distracted with all the special effects. (They also sell a "Hard Day's Night and another drink named after a song....) Beatles fans, young and old, will appreciate this amazing show, while other non-fans find will find themselves discovering a side of them they didn't know existed. If there's any show that I can ever recommend, it's this one. You will NOT be disappointed. At the end of the performance, we all stood and clapped. As we all made our way out of the theater, I saw a sea of people, and nearly every one of them held two fingers up for peace, as we all marched out with smiles plastered upon our faces. I think that was exactly the point of the show...peace and love, folks. PEACE and LOVE. I'm ready to book my next show, I'm not even joking....it's so worth it. Go book yours, too!
4	I've seen quite a few now but it's definitely one of the best show from Le cirque du Soleil.You don't have to worry about seating since all seats will have approximately have the same great view. The story is once again really well written and you can't help yourself but fill drown into the story as it unfolds. You do not need to be a Beatles fan to enjoy the show at all, beside the music they make sure your visual experience is a hit.Leaving the show, I felt satisfied with the money spend from the experience I was offered.
4	On the recent Vegas trip Stacy and I tried out a number of shows.  I had the chance to see LOVE a few years ago and wanted to bring my wife.  I really enjoy this show, but I will also say I do enjoy the Beatles music.  As a Cirque Du Soleil  show this is a little more on the dance and signing side of the spectrum then some of the other shows so if you want to see the mouth dropping stunts you might like one of there other shows better.  I had to drop this down to four stars because they dropped The Yellow Submarine from the play list.  That is just one of my favorite songs and it is not in the show.The theater is in the center with the seats ringing the entire show so you you not have to worry about getting a bad seat, they are all good.  I like this show about half way up since the action is on the stage and in the air.  If  you get to close you actually miss some of the action or are forced to pick from what is directly in front of you and what is in the air.
5	My wife, son and I were really amazed by this show. Very imaginative, creative and inspired. The setting for each song was spot-on and it captured the energy and vibe of the Beatles songs perfectly. For a die-hard Beatles fan like myself, I worried about a "cheese factor" - not there. Even if you only like a few Beatles tunes, you'll enjoy this presentation (sonic mash-ups of their recorded catalog). It's a psychedelic circus for the eyes and packs an emotional wallop too. Really great. Highlights - Something, A Day in the Life, Eleanor Rigby, Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds.
5	The girls and I were in Vegas and wanted to do something different other than party our a55es off haha even though we so totally did! But we purchased the cheapest tickets to this show but were front row balcony baby and I must say this show was amaaaaazing!The show was kind of psychedelic with all the vivid colors,odd characters, and fantastic illuminations.... but the music and the skill of their various talents in acrobatics and dance fused together in perfect harmony!And it was so cute how the older generations were standing up and singing along to the tunes!The Beattles are simply classic. And whoever thought of this wonderful idea in incorporating The Beattles music with cirque was bloody marvelous! (insert British accent here!)
5	An amazing show.  We finished up a business trip by taking about 25 people out to see "LOVE".  Wow.Complete sensory overload... there's so much going on you can't keep up with it all, and it's all amazing.Wonderful performances and display of skills by the artists, (of course) great music, and non-stop action.  We sat about mid-way up and I actually recommend sitting up in the higher seats so you can see more of what is going on.The performance is technically brilliant and well done.  Highly recommend this one!
5	An overwhelming show from start to finish. It seems longer than the 80 minutes (or so) run time, which is a great thing. I didn't want the show to end.It's a perfect interpretation of The Beatles' music and legacy.
4	Whether your a hard core Beatles fan, an admirer (like archi), or are indifferent to their music (like me)....This show is magical! It was action packed from beginning to end. Highly recommend this show. Its a true production and art form. Compared to Zumanity there is less acrobatic stunts
5	AWESOME!  I am not a "musical" guy but we all know every single song played in this one and it was great.  The combination of familiar music, modern dance, acrobatics, etc... make it an incredible night out.  Really fun.  My wife and I are 40ish and we loved. I bet our kids would have enjoyed too had them been here on this trip. Wholesome family fun! I highly recommend!
5	parking in any casino is away from the casino or show.the music, the lights, the performers.  EVERYTHING is AWESOME!if you've heard the beatles before and loved their music.  Put this show together with the music and you're taken into this little world where you want to be a part of it.the tricks and the music enhance each other perfectly.  it made me want to buy the dvd, the cd, and tshirts.  it was just that good.  i wanted to meet the whole cast of performers.  i kept thinking to myself, are these performers who learned how to skate?  or are they skaters who took a job.  lol.i've seen quite a few Cirques and this one is ONE OF THE BEST!  This is a MUST SEE.
5	This is a really good show. The only thing is, if you don't like the Beatles, you might not like is as much as other Cirque shows.
2	I don't know if I could ever recommend this show to anyone but the most hardcore Beatles followers.I have seen Ka, O, Ovo, Todem and Kooza. Love is the toned-down version of their usual amazing acrobatic Cirque du Soleil type shows. They have more of a dance-song routine. Half the time I don't know where to look. There is so much going on (someone coming in with a smoky umbrella from the right, while someone is doing some gymnastic move in the air up top, all the while the stage is moving and changing with each song). The whole night, I was expecting more of their spectacular acrobatics but it definitely fell flat for me.
3	I've heard a lot of good reviews about this CDS, including a great one from a close co-worker; so I decided WTH, why not? I waited til it went on sale, so I got a pretty good deal for pretty awesome seats.I can see why Beattles Lovers would enjoy this show; the music was excellent, and the theatric was incredibly lively. The props and backdrops were amazing. There were so much efforts and thoughts put into this show.With all that being said, I gave this show a 3-star because I'm simply just not a musical person. They last thing I would want to sit through is a musical of any sorts. So in that respect, I am bias.
2	If you're a big Beatles fan, add a star or two.  Otherwise, the Cirque element was nothing I haven't seen at a "mall" circus.
4	Fun show, great music, time flew by! There was so much going on it was hard to see it all, but show was great, I would recommend it. Just dont sit in the front row ( or the first few) You think 1st row is the best! It's not. I wish we wouldv'e sat higher. There is a lot of smoke that covers you and you have to lift your head up the whole time to see everything in the air.Good for all ages, even saw kids there who were having fun.
5	I've seen over 5 cirque de soleil shows and this is definitely one of the best.I've never been a big Beatles fan, but this show is definitely a must see. It far exceeded my expectations and I plan on watching it again the next time I go to Vegas.
5	As a Beatles fan, I was really looking forward to seeing this show and I was not disappointed! The Beatles LOVE is filled with songs from the Beatles paired with acrobatics, dancing, singing, special effects, and much more. It was almost to the point where there was too much going on.On a random note, the drinks that they sell in the lobby before you go into the theater are amazing. I got the "Here Comes The Sun" drink and all I remember is that it was fruity and had vodka (but I couldn't taste it which I'm okay with).
5	I love the Beatles! Ok, I'm not a diehard fan, but I'm a fan and I love their music.  This show was awesome. The only other Cirque Du Soleil show I've seen in Vegas is "O" and honestly, there is no way to compare these shows.  I loved them both!  Love was colorful, fun, amusing, emotional, at times freaky and just plan crazy!  The stage is in the center, I don't think there are any bad seats.  However, like all Cirque Du Soleil shows, where you seat will determine your experience.  We got seats 3 rows from the stage and it just felt like we were in the show.  It was difficult to see everything that was going on because there was just so much going on.  We were able to get last minute tickets on the day of the show with a student discount ($89) at the Mirage box office, I think these seats normally go for about $150, so don't forget your student IDs!!
5	The most incredible show I've ever seen.  Really makes you realize how timeless the Beatles music is and how current it still sounds, especially the songs that were "mashed" together.  We got these tix at a discount but after seeing the show, would have had no problem paying full price.  Sit up high, it affords you the best view!
5	This was my first Vegas show and the only Cirque I've seen, so I spent a lot of the time being nervous that the performers were going to fall. But they didn't. Holy moly Batman, are they in shape! I'm a gigantic Beatles purist so I wasn't sure how I'd react to their music being reconfigured, but it was done in the best way. George Martin wouldn't let it come out any way but the best. I think Lennon would be thrilled with the musical styling, as he loved to hear his work augmented and distorted in ways that added dimension and new feeling. But I heard that even Paul loved it, so great job Sir Martin!If you haven't thought of "Tomorrow Never Knows" in ages, this show is guaranteed to get it stuck in your head. It's the one with the sea gull-sounding distortions that you listened to repeatedly after school when you hated everyone and everything in junior high and sticking your head in between the speakers and turning the record up loud made it all go away for a while. Very inexpensive therapy for a kid! However, this show wasn't: we paid $250 each.Recommended if you love the Beatles, or want to.
5	Out of the 5 Cirque shows I've seen, this is my favorite. The sound system is amazing to compliment the awesome soundtrack. It's quite possibly one of the most moving experiences from a show I've ever felt. I would pay full price again to see this show a second time!
5	What a great show!  I saw the Elvis show @ Aria and found it boring and lame.  Half of our group fell asleep.  I was a little apprehensive about seeing another Cirque musical based on yet another rock n roll icon, but wow they did the Beatles right.The theater itself is awesome.  We had nosebleed seats and felt like we were right in the middle of the action.  Great music, costumes, stunts, theater.  My new favorite Cirque show.
5	Simply one of the best shows I have ever seen. The detail in this show was amazing. I was into the show from beginning to end as was my gf who does not know much about the Beatles. It's truly one of the treasures in Vegas and a guaranteed must see!!!
5	LOVE was hands down one of the coolest thing's I've ever seen. It was a lot less acrobat-y than other Cirque shows, but the visuals that they create to couple with The Beatles music is simply fantastic. I guess it helps to be a giant Beatles fan, too. If I wasn't, I'm not sure I would have loved it as much as I did. I won't give anything specific away about the show, because I'd hate to ruin it for anyone who might be thinking about going, so just trust me - go! Amazing, amazing, amazing. All you need is LOVE!
5	Bravo!!! Love is by all means my favorite Vegas Show of all time!!! I've seen it three times already and will see it again next time!! If you're a Beatles fan like me, this is the show you've just got to see... So many good songs and all the acts were sensational! All the special effects, acrobatics, stage props were very well chosen. Lucy in the sky with Diamonds was really neat to watch.  The entrance to the theatre and the souvenir shop are cool... There's just so many neat things about this place, I never get tired of seeing it again!! Almost any seat you purchase is a good seat, the way the inside is designed gives you a good view. Buy a couple cold beers before you go in... Can't wait to go see it again!!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE. Everything about this show was amazing. The costumes were works of art, the strangeness of the whole show was totally intriguing to me. There was not a moment I was bored throughout the whole hour and a half. The music was done well and not a seat in the house was still when the show started it was so exciting. The huge screens they kept bringing in and out really helped capture the Beatles through image and sound. I won't give away too many details but they do some pretty big, audience involved pieces that are really cool.The drinks are HUGE and they have popcorn, which I enjoyed. Also, pretty much all the seats are good. Personally, I would sit at least 10 rows back to really see it all. Down low seems like it might be too close and you might miss some of the action.I would see this show again and again, its worth the money!
1	The worst cirque du soleil show I have  ever seen and definitely one of the less interesting shows I've been to in general.  I've seen Mystere, O, and Zumanity...all of which were awesome.  I brought my 20+ year old daughters and was excited for them to see their first cirque show as we go to the theatre regularly in DC and New York.   Such a disappointment.  Very little over the top acrobatics which I find fascinating.  I could have seen these same skills at the circus.  As far as the costumes..just plain weird.
5	I've seen Mystere and Ka, but this show blows them both out of the water!THE BEST SHOW I'VE EVER SEEN! And I'm into arts and entertainment, so I've seen quite a few amazing shows.We purchased discounted seats (front row) at Tickets4Tonight - which I highly recommended if you are looking for last minute discounted shows and dinners. But there are no bad seats in this venue (theater of the round). I cried about 5 times (no, I wasn't drunk). It was just such a beautiful show.In the end, Sgt. Pepper came out and handed me and another audience member a rose (I nearly died).It really hits home if you're a Beatles fan, and if not... you will still absolutely love this show!
5	AMAZING! The raw talent, agility and sheer body strength that every performer not only has individually but as a troupe in this show will honestly blow your mind.  We were escorted to other seats as upgrades for whatever reason...who cares...didn't ask.  (had balcony and wound up in 2nd row.)  Frankly, I don't think it mattered what seat we sat in...this was an incredible show.  You will hear all the songs you crave from a Beatles show and your senses will be lifted in all ways.  Get there early if you want drinks as the line at the bars r craaazy long.  Bonus of the show  while all of this is treating your eyes, ears & nose ( I won't spoil it...but damn I want to tell u so badly:)...there is a constant shadowy video in the background with the progression of the Beatles (actual audio)  fame and the times they encountered during the ride.  I go to Vegas often and I am ashamed to say I do not pull myself away from the bj tables, bars & restaurants enough to see shows when I visit.  This changed my mind.  I will make it a point to see at least one show each trip from now on.  See this show!  You will walk out feelin' the "love"...
4	Better than expected. Usually I don't like musical and theater type deals. But this was really nice, lots of action. The music is also good. I'm not a big Beatles fan but they did make great music.
5	I've seen this show four times now under various circumstances, and each time, it never fails to impress.Granted, the Beatles were before "my time", but I have always been a fan of their music, and the visual world that they created through their music.  "LOVE" brings that vision to life.There's so many things to cover about LOVE: The music, the theatrics, the representations of the songs,the realizations of characters from the songs, the side "cameos" from the Beatles... it gives the viewer the feeling that they are taking part in a live musical concert where the Beatles are still doing their thing in the present time.  The suspension of disbelief isn't difficult: The sound system is incredible.  Music flows around the theater, from within the audience seats, and there is always something going on at every angle.Seeing the show multiple times isn't boring at all as I still catch things that I hadn't seen from previous performances.Everything is meticulously set up in the theater.  Even the lobby outside is just wonderful to walk around in and behold all of the detail and care put into everything.  My recent favorite is the addition of a Blue Meanie in the gift shop.  I've had to curtail my fantasies of somehow kidnapping it and putting it into my home, but visiting it is almost as good (almost).Even the beverages in the lobby, while somewhat pricey, are big, and will definitely put you in a great mindset to enjoy the show.LOVE was THE show that I had to see when I heard of its opening,  and still remains one of my favorite Cirque shows.  Even though Cirque has begun to shy away from its whimsical storytelling of old to focus on musical legends these days, this is one that I don't mind seeing again whenever the opportunity presents itself.After all, all you need is love....
3	Great music.  There was a lot of dancing and not much acrobatics.  If you like the music, go see this show.  If you want to see more acrobatics then take in another show.
5	This was my first Cirque de Soleil show, and I had the pleasure of taking it in with a trapeze aerialist who could view the show with a critical eye that I lacked as a layman. The high scores on here are well-deserved. The show was an amazing combination of visual delights, aerial stunts, special effects, and classic Beatles tunes. I'm not even a die-hard Beatles fan, but after seeing the show I have a new appreciation.My favorite sequence: Something in the Way She Moves. One of the most beautiful scenes I've seen... it was absolutely breathtaking.Worth seeing, worth paying more for better seats, though there really aren't bad seats for this... but the experience up close and personal is really something.
5	Best show I've seen... amazing stage show, great re-mix of timeless beatles songs... great looking dancers :-)
5	I can not sit still for over  an hour and I did not want the show to stop.  Words can not really describe the experience.  Just Go....
5	Being a big beatles fan I loved this show. If you're a beatles fan it's a must see. It's a family show too. I would definitely see this show again if the opportunity presented itself.
3	Beautiful theatrics and costumes, great music.....Man I feel like the outcast giving 3 stars when everyone else is giving 5!  But I have to be honest and this is only my opinion.  This show by all means does not suck, I just don't like it as much as I like the other Cirque shows.This is not like your typical cirque show.  I made the mistake of going in expecting to see all the fun bendy and crazy stuff from the other shows I"ve seen - O, Mystere, KA, Kooza, and Zumanity.  Love is mostly dancing, bouncing on trampolines and floating around via bungee cords to Beatles tunes.   Don't get me wrong, I love the  Beatles, and I especially love musicals.  The show started off AWESOME and I thought, ok this is going to be great!  But then they seemed to play more of the slower tunes after and it just seemed to get bland.  Unfortunately, I found myself slightly bored and even fell asleep a couple of times during the bouncing and rain boot stepping.  I'm not the only one either, I caught my fiance and a few other people around me dozing off as well. hahaThere is an act I loved though- the one with Something in The Way she Moves...BEAUTIFUL! This show focuses more on the music, the beauty of the costumes and stage, the visual effects and lights.  They even play conversation clips of the famous quartet.  There's quite a number of symbolism going on here as my friend explained, a lot of acting to complement the songs.  There doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the theater since the stage is in the middle with seats surrounding it.  We bought our tickets from the discount tickets booth on the strip (90 - 100 bucks?), so I recommend checking that out first before paying full price at the Mirage, where it's playing.
5	LOVE is amazing!!! Prior to watching this Cirque du Soleil production at The Mirage last week, I had never been a big fan of the Beatles. I respected their music and who they were as artists. After watching this show, I am a  huge fan. The great choreography and story line brought the music alive. This was my second Cirque du Soleil show and they never disappoint! The 360 around stage ensures everyone in the audience gets a great view of the show.Seats range from $75- 250. For your money, this show definitely satisfies! If your in Vegas, see this show!
5	AMAZING AMAZING! you will not be disappointed. there's no bad seat in the house! GO GO GO!
5	Not a vegas girl.  LOVED the experience and the show.  It was great to hear beatles tunes and sing along with acrobats flying above my head.  Just get tickets, even if you are  on the fence.  It's totally worth it.
5	One of the best shows I've seen!  There's no way to describe it.  if you're curious, just go and see it yourself!  You won't be disappointed!
5	Great show, very imaginative!
5	The best Cirque show I've seen......  The special effects and use of props were AMAZING!  You will not be disapointed!
4	I've seen a lot of Cirque du Soleil shows. This is both good and bad. It means that I find myself comparing the different shows. Love is not a typical C du S show. It is less circus and more dance. Some of the dancing and gymnastics are amazing. Some less so. It is also a spectical. Lots of cool costumes and effects. If you've never seen one of these shows and you like the Beatles, then you'll probably love the show. If you've seen other shows, you'll probably miss that mood of subdued eroticism that celebrates the beauty and agility of the human form. Can't go wrong either way. Enjoy!
2	too much dance and note enough "action". I saw the Cirque years ago and Disney and was blown away. I had high hopes for this show but I was disappointed. the beatles music is great and there were some good moments but overall it was very uneven. It was also dark; not sure where the love is in this show except for the end when they sing "all you need is love." it seems like a missed opportunity.
5	George. Paul. Ringo. John. The Fab FOUR. I am SO into symbolism, so when I counted four of everything, the symmetry gave me such a thrill. Four translucent screens. A stage with four entrances. Four roller-bladers to go up & down the ramp to "Help." Four gigantic balloons sporting their signature mop-top haircut. Four of everything to represent the four men whose talent provided the soundtrack to my parents' courtship & to my childhood.Each song (many from the album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band") comes alive with the acrobatics Cirque is known for mixed with modern dance moves (breakdancing, stepping, hip hop.) My favorite scenes are "A Day in the Life" with the break-apart VW Beetle & the Indian-inspired garb worn by FOUR women (suspended in air) in "Here Comes the Sun." I bought same-day tickets from a Tix4Tonight outpost for about $115 per ticket for Section 200. Wonderful seats, as much of the magic takes place in the air! Plus, you'll be glad for the further-back seats when the bed scene comes along! I wasn't born in the 60's or 70's, but my parents would blast their albums on weekend mornings & when we had kareoke parties. Ahhh, memories.
5	Have seen almost every Cirque show there is (traveling and stationary) and I think this might be my favorite   As some have commented, it is NOT the typical CdS show as it doesn't use original music and there is a lot more dance.    But the stage is amazing, the music is amazing (the sound-system is FANTASTIC) and the dancing/gymnastics are incredible.   The way the acts/songs blend together from one into another is masterful.  I've seen it a couple of times and would see it again.For people who might want to see it again, I would suggest trying a different location in the theatre - seeing it down low first and then from up high (or vice-versa) will make you love it even more.....
5	Be still, my heart! What a breathtaking show! Saw this show with my SO early in the year and sat towards the back. I highly recommend higher seats as, with most Cirque shows, they utilize the full stage and surrounding areas. If you have a closer seat, the harder it is to see everything going on. Cirque doesn't disappoint with this show. I like it even more for all the metaphor and implicit symbolism they used throughout the story told. Sigh, I heard a great many others after the show who complained of falling asleep and "didn't get it." Read up on the story of The Beatles, and watch the show with an open mind... the little allusions are treats to discover as you watch them perform. I wanted to watch it again just to find the references I didn't catch the first time.Love, love, loved LOVE!
5	1st try = loved LOVE.  2nd visit = truly loved LOVE even more.  My heart & soul asks my mind; could this be the best show in all of Vegas? Why, let me think a moment, as I imagine my favorite scene when they bounce through the air on the trampolines to "Revolution"..... YES!!!  Me & every member of my family (who has had the pleasure) loves LOVE!  Even if this is your 1st experience or if you grew up loving the Beatles, you will enjoy this show!OK, perspective check time: I didn't grow up a Beatles fan.  I don't know more than enough song titles that I might be able to count on a single hand, however I was in complete bliss during the entirety of the show.  We took family that grew up as Beatles fans, who went completely bananas over LOVE.  Then there's my boyfriend, who despite not growing up in that era, has always enjoyed their music.  He also enjoyed the show.  There you have it from all 3 Beatles fan perspectives: newbie, die-hard, & appreciator.If I might give you one single piece of advice from my 2 separate LOVE experiences, it would be to reserve a seat just above where the " white blanket" ends.  This area of seating will provide you with the best available view and overall experience of the show.  This request will not be anything new or foreign for them.
5	A must see in Vegas. If you love the Beatles music, you will love this production.  Couldn't get better than this!
5	My first cirque show and I had a blast.  Was in Vegas on business, a co-worker and I went to check this out on our last night in town.  We had seats in the first row of the balcony and we had a great view of the entire show.  It was an action packed 90 minutes.  My experience with this show definitely has me interested in checking out other cirque shows.If you are active duty military you can call the box office for a 40% discount on tickets.  If you are on the fence about which show to see while you are in Vegas, I would not hesitate to go and see this again.
5	Absolutely mind-boggling. I think it's so cool that Beatles producer George Martin oversaw the musical production of this show and had access to original tracks and even some rare studio outtakes.Combine that with brilliant dancers, aerialists, acrobats and cool visuals, and it's quite a memorable experience.
5	This is my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE CDS SHOW!!!!!!!!!!!LOVEd the music, LOVEd the staging, LOVEd the artists, & LOVEd everything!The first act was overwhelming in a good way!  There was so much to see, I didn't know where to focus on.  Our seats were a lil too close (7th row) and some of the things happened behind us and all around, it was exhilarating!I didn't grow up listening to Beatles, so I didn't know many of the songs, but the music was great!  They also incorporated many non-released tracks and you get to hear them talking.  It was like they were in the show.  Its great!I would definitely come back again.  For Sure!
5	I can't believe I've never written a review for this show. I've seen it on four occasions over the years and each time is like seeing it for the first time. I came for preview performances before it opened years ago and was blown away. Being a great fan of the Beatles this show paid homage in the best way possible. If only Viva Elvis had been able to capture the same awe and fantastical feeling that this show seems to.I won't rehash all the same things everyone else has said about the show, only say that if you haven't gone, go. If you have seen it, go again. It's that good!
5	Fabulous fabulous fabulous! You can read all the other reviews to see just how fantastic it is. Here I'll tell you where to sit....   This is a theatre-in-the-round so it's much better than most for good viewing. Find a seating chart online and take a good look. Stay away from the four top most balconies. And the close-to-the-stage down front section 100's seating is not good either. It's more expensive and you'll see LESS since you're so low and so much of the action is up in the air.The best to see everything is in the 200's sections, about 4 or 5 rows back.  We sat in section 208, row N, seats 11-12-13. Perfect view for everything that was happening. The only way it could have gotten better would have been to be a bit more towards the middle. I also prefer main sections 207-208-209 and 200-201-202. They are more unobstructed and have a better view than the smaller separate sections 203-204-205-206. Also the performers seem to "play" to the two larger seating areas. Plus you can see from the chart how parts of the stage jut out into the main seating sections -- so you see the performers more up close.We paid approx $125 each for the seats including an online discount but then adding on an online booking fee. (Still less than the advertised $143 each.)Have a wonderful evening and enjoy the show!And be prompt... they really do start on time and if you're not in your seat you have to wait and the ushers will take you in later when it's not disruptive. And you'll for sure enjoy experiencing every minute!
5	Stunningly beautiful.The performers, costumes, music and stage design were all perfect. I sat on the edge of my seat the entire time. If you're a Beatles fan, just do yourself a favor: Go see this show, and pay for the floor seats. You won't regret it.
5	Impressive. Unlike any other Cirque show.! Only problem....you have to see it 3 more times to see everything! WOW! Only one word left.. Love.
5	Amazing! Sat in sec 202 row M - 7 rows from the stage and LOVEd every moment of this show. The music, screen projection, costumes, cast, everything is just wonderful. This is a Vegas must see!
5	This was the single best entertainment experience of my life.  See this production.  Buy your tickets, try and not think about it or get built up too much, cause I know how that can affect things some times.   If you do all that and you even just like The Beatles you will probably leave the theater in shambles, blown away from an hour and a half of Cirque du Awesomeness!!!    WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	As far a shows go, if you're a Beatles fan, you'll enjoy this one. More of a Cirque de Soleil quality than pure Beatles. Lots of interesting characters but wish the music wasn't done with as much lyrical license. Hard to improve on something already so perfect.Seemed to drag a bit in the middle but otherwise what you expect from a big Vegas show. Get your discounted tickets.....
4	Went with friends and family to see this a second time, the first being several years before. Not sure I would enjoy the repeat performance, but the acrobatics are always amazing and the choreography and storylines don't fail to impress. And of course you get all the great Beatles music and recordings.
4	Pretty awesome and fun :) took my mum there and she was pretty much dancing on the chair. Talent explodes here and you truly feel the love :)Highly recommended.
5	LOVE IT
2	Based on the other reviews, this show certainly has plenty of fans.  I'm guessing most of them didn't know what Cirque du Soleil is famous for, because Cirque du Soleil this show was not.Cirque du Soleil is, first and foremost, a unique art form that provides jaw-dropping, unforgettable displays of physical human ability.  It's not just my opinion; their own website proclaims as much.  This incredible experience is what causes people to book pricey shows weeks in advance. But there were almost none of the signature Cirque du Soleil acrobatics.  Instead there were lots and lots of interpretive dance moves, running around in elaborate costumes, nonsensical random artsy monologue and dialogue - and, oddly, grunting.  (At least three of us thought said grunting had an awkward racial tinge.)  As a result, the show felt less like Cirque and more like a live action re-enactment of the multi-media displays of Beatles' memorabilia that I'd seen recently, of all places, interspersed between gameplay in the video game Beatles Rock Band.This version of "Cirque du Soleil light" seemed to answer the question I had going in: how does one maintain the Cirque identity without upstaging the legendary Beatles?  Apparently the producers answer was "We won't."While costumes, interpretive dance, and general weirdness are indeed part of Cirque du Soleil's identity, I don't think they're the parts that people come to shows for.  And based on the applause I heard, it seemed like I wasn't the only one in the audience that felt this way.  Not once was applause instantaneous, the way it is when a crowd is wowed by a performance.  And, to my own disappointment for the dutiful and energetic performers, not once was the applause prolonged beyond that required by courtesy.  In an earlier life, I spent a lot of time onstage myself, and weak ovations like this are heartbreaking, especially when the disappointment is not the fault of the performer.Yet as I left the theater, I overheard at least four patrons (all women) remark on how much they loved the show.  It was unclear to me if this was genuine awe at the overall experience, a rekindled infatuation with the Beatles, denied guilt at having just paid $132 to watch a big music video with some interpretive dancers, or something else.  To some extent, I understood those who enjoyed the show. The Beatles songs I adore most - 'While my Guitar Gently Weeps' and 'Hey Jude' among them - were the ones I remembered most fondly.  It suggested to me that those who thought they loved the show actually just loved the music.  The sound quality was impeccable, delivered through a massive custom audio setup including stereo in-seat speakers that made the Beatles' music come alive in a way even my higher end multi-speaker car stereo cannot.  When combined with the light show and special effects, it was often a better-than-average way to experience Beatles' recordings.But the standard should be much higher than beating your car stereo.  To receive 5 stars, this show needs some changes: first, drop the "Cirque du Soleil" branding.  Second, advertise it as an interpretive dance plus Beatles music multimedia show.  Third, lower the price by 3x to be cheaper than the Beatles Rock Band video game.  Finally, have the surviving Beatles make cameos.I imagine none of this will happen anytime soon.  In the meantime, Beatles fans, rest assured that Cirque du Soleil did not upstage the Beatles.  And Cirque du Soleil fans, make sure you get tickets to a different Cirque show.
5	Loved it. Unlike the other cirque shows - this one is less about the acrobatics and completely about choreography, art design, visuals, all set beautifully to the evergreen Beatles music - Takes one through the complete emotional range, and is a fantastic journey, especially for someone that has grown up listening to the Beatles. Would highly recommend this to anyone, and a must watch for people that feel all cirque shows seem the same after you've seen a couple.
5	I am reviewing all the Cirque Vegas shows, so I will add this paragraph comparing each one. I have seen each one twice (and saw LOVE 3 times), so I feel confident in my ranking. My ranking would be 1) Ka 2) Love 3) O 4) Mystere 5) Zumanity 6) Viva Elvis. Ka is the most technically complete, with a storyline, amazing stunts, creative images, stages rotating on axes, etc.  LOVE is the most fun and a very close second place.  O is the most beautiful. Mystere has the best stunts and is most "traditional". Zumanity is the sexiest, but stunts are just okay. And Viva Elvis could be sooo much better.  You can read my other reviews for more info...LOVE is sooo much fun. The music, of course, is great. The theater is great, and there are no bad seats.  The choreography with the songs is so creative. I particularly love the Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds, Blackbird, and the "Parachute Blanket" portion of the show. Neat Beatles shadows.  Such great production value to this show. All my friends have loved it, and I take new people each time I go. Even my elderly friend enjoyed the show. I can't imagine someone not liking this show. But beware of taking pics at any point before or during the show. Those creepy cirque people will pop out of the ceiling to stop you.  Where did they come from?!? Creepy.Overall, a fun and creative show, but if you want the best stunts, then Mystere or Ka or O would be better.
5	Crazy good.  Best cirque show yet!  The music was well done and speakers in the headrests of the stadium seat helped drown out the lady singing along in the seat next to us.  Non stop dancing and so many costumes to look at it was hard to take it all in.  Beautiful acrobatics nicely choreographed to complement the Beatles tunes!  Well worth the price of admission.  This was the highlight of our Vegas week.
5	Amazing ... Just delightfully wonderful (-:Want to feel good for a couple of hours just popInto "love" the whole experience is perfect.
4	A nice tribute to a great band! The show was fun and cleverly done with songs. Try to sit closer to the front for the full experience. Discount tickets available so search before paying full price.
5	As a huge Beatles fan, I wasn't sure what to expect,  but after the lights came up, I was thoroughly impressed.  It features a fantastic score that cleverly reworks the Beatles material in a way that is both fresh and reverent.  Sometimes the score breaks a tune down to just a handful of tracks, sometimes it mashes up tunes in clever ways.  The visuals are pure psychedelic eye-candy, with a set crazy set that can transform the 'in the round' stage into a surprising number of variations. And, of course the performers were amazing.  Acrobats, dances, skaters, comedians, gymnasts, etc.  Above all this, there is some narrative, which is something I don't normally associate with Cirque Du Soleil.   There are some genuinely moving moments that deal with important moments in the lives of the Beatles, both as a band and as individuals.  There is a particularly heartbreaking moment involving John's Mom, which segue's into a moment about young John and young Julian Lennon at the same time.  It's fairly heady for a show with no dialog.  Perfect Score.  Go See It!
5	Simply amazing! As good as Cirque du Soleil gets!! My mouth was soar after the show from smiling so much.  Even if you're not a Beatle's fan, after watching the show you will be. :)  Loved every second!! Was afraid to blink because I didn't want to miss anything.  Made my heart smile!Totally worth watching, maybe even more than once ;)
5	I'm not a Beatles fan at all. In fact you might say I hate them. I only went because my friends wanted to go. We got one of those cheap Vegas show ticket deals and wound up with great seats. Though I don't think there's a bad seat in the house due to the way the stage is set up.Anyway it was my first Cirque show ever and I had a great time. It was fun from start to end. Some characters were kinda creepy yet cute at the same time. I thought the kids were particularly good.They sell lots of LOVE items any Beatles fan would appreciate. I don't think I'd see it again but I definetly enjoyed the performance.
1	I'm a huge Beatles fan and a pretty big Cirque du Soleil fan having seen Mystere, O, and Ka live in Vegas. This production leaves a lot to be desired.There are two extremes of circus/acrobat-like shows. One extreme is many of the Chinese and Russian circus/acrobatic shows - all human acrobatics, zero art. Love is pretty much the other extreme - almost all art and almost no acrobatics.Cirque du Soleil's trademark is more balanced show with impressive human acrobatics (using many Chinese and Russian acrobats, not surprisingly) matched with compelling original art & music. Love deviates from that blend into the "WTF is up with these random people in haphazard, colorful costumes dancing to slightly remixed Beatles music? Where are the people doing *amazing* things in an *artistic* way?"Ka is the best Cirque du Soleil show in Vegas. Absinthe is probably the best show overall in Vegas, and I have seen more than ten of them.---Update:I had rated Love two stars for this but changed it to one after two recent events:1) Saw credit card bill and was reminded that I paid about $150 per person. Absinthe is about 1/2 that and is *infinitely* better.2) Watched Cirque du Soleil's Verakai in 720p HD, which is very good, and am further reminded of how much Love sucked and is completely outside of Cirque du Soleil's MO.
1	This show totally sucked.   If you're a dude, you're not going to like this show.There wasn't a ton of acrobatics, but it had more dancing.  This was like a bad musical, except the characters hardly sing.  Rather they rely of course on the soundtrack of the Beatles and the characters running around trying to act out a story.And .. as for the story.. does the guy lose the girl, and then see her pursued and wooed by another dude before she gets killed in an accident and go to heaven?  Or did I drink my giant $16-20 Pina Colada too quickly?  It's not a really happy story.Thank goodness the pina colada was significantly large enough to last the show.  (Might hold ~40 ounces.)The true mark of a good show is the buzz that you hear when you walk out, with everyone raving how great or awesome it was.  When I went to pick up my tickets at will-call for the late show, the previous show was coming out.. and that should have been my cue to request a refund before I even go it.  I understand their disappointment now.  Save your money for dinner, gambling, or something other than Beatles/Love show.My recommendation:  Go see the Cirque du Soleil "O" show.  That was fantastic when I saw that on a previous trip.  That's one of the most popular shows for good reason.I think they even have a more sensual (read: revealing outfits :-) show if that's your thing.   But there are other much better venues if you want to see skin.
5	The show is visually stunning! The stage and all the visuals are just amazing. Best show I've ever seen.
5	Best live entertainment I've ever experienced, period
2	Ok...I was kinda disappointed.  I guess I expected more acrobatics, and more humor, and not sooooo much dancing.  At least now I know, and will be sure to hit up pretty much any OTHER Cirque show, or Le Reve, next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Nothing I've seen in any genre of live entertainment comes close to this truly stunning production.  I was moved beyond words throughout the show and had a lump in my throat much of the time. I've wanted to see this show since it started, and I finally had the chance as it celebrates five years at the Mirage.  I will absolutely see it again, and maybe more than that.  Breathtakingly creative in so many ways, a fantastic tribute to the songwriting genius of Lennon, McCartney and Harrison, and a tremendous sensory experience that left my wife and me wishing it wouldn't end.  We were left almost speechless by what we experienced in the customized room designed especially to pull off this show.The naysayers here were either drunk or have no affinity for the phenomenon that was The Beatles.  If you want to be absolutely blown away by a live production, go see this show.  We sat in row K in "gold circle" seats that were worth every penny.  Was it a classic Cirque show?  I have no idea and I couldn't care less.  Was it unbelievably great as a piece of multi-media and live performance art?  Absolutely! I can't wait to see it again.
3	I saw this show in December 2011.  I was basically forced to see this show, as I was uninterested due to not being a Beatles fan.  I thought that the show was entertaining.  It just wasn't really what I was expecting, it was a lot of dancing to the songs and jumping around.  Fortunately when we got the tickets it was super cheap due to all the proceeds were going to a children's fund which was nice.  Would I see it again? No.  Would I recommend it? Only if you like the beetles.
1	I've seen quite a few of the Cirque du Soleil shows, as have my other 3 friends. We all agreed that this was the worst production we have ever seen! There's no cool acrobatics, nothing that makes you marvel and the performer's strength and abilities. I fell asleep during almost all the songs! It was that horrible head bobbing kinda sleep. Yes, the costumes are colorful and wacky, but even that wasn't enough to overcome the horrible mash up of randomness. There's no intermission as it's only a 90 minute show. Save your money - go see another show.
4	Great show even if you're not a Beatles fan.
3	Good for any Beatles fan but there were way too many things going on for me.
4	My boyfriend surprised me with show tickets on our anniversary trip to vegas and i loved the show! I am not a big fan of the beatles so I was not too excited but once the show started i loved it! The dancing and acrobatics are so beautiful and well done and I truly enjoyed the experience!
5	This was my second time seeing this show.  It is amazing and I would come back and see it again.  I catch something new each time.
5	WOW!!!! WOW!!!! WOW!!!!! I don't even think I could put into works just how amazing this show was. First off, its worth every penny. We spent 300 for two tickets in section 208. Best section to watch the show because you are able to see the 360 stage and any of the acrobats coming down from the ceiling. The show keeps you entertained the entire time and at the end it leaves you wanting more to watch. I will see this show over and over again. Alot of people complain that their is just not enough acrobats but to me there was just enough and the props were amazing. We went and saw "O" the following evening and thought it was horrible with no story line and the music was just lame. Beatles Love is a MUST SEE SHOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Ok, the big question before buying tickets: Should you or should you not depending on your interest/fandom of the Beatles.Obviously, if you actively dislike them you should probably stay away. If you're a major Cirque fan it may be worth it, but the other Vegas option could be better. On the other hand, if you are neutral or casual Beatles fan- Go for it! I've seen all the Vegas Cirque shows. This isn't my favorite, but it's defiantly the most pure FUN!The Beatles were my parents generation, so I didn't live during "Beatlemania", but to the best of my understanding this show does a great job capturing the fun, silliness, and psychedelic touches of the Beatles world. Song choices are always debated in shows like this (ie. Viva Elvis & Michael Jackson: Immortal). Some people expect a "Best of" or get upset because their personal favorite was left out. The show can't do them all! Sgt. Pepper's gets a little extra attention, but the soundtrack samples a little from early to late. My pet peeve in these reviews crops up here once again: people that complain about the lack of plot. There isn't supposed to be one! Stop looking for 1st, 2nd, 3rd Act and character development. It's not a movie or theater show. Don't expect a plot. It's not there. It's not supposed to be, you'll enjoy it a lot more if you don't search for one.The Good: Seating! Almost everything is great! Upper level has a different view and gets to see a little that the lower level doesn't and vice-versa. Nothing is all that far from the in-the-round style.The Bad: If your a Beatles fan, it gets difficult to not sing along. Do make the effort. Rhythmic clapping and tapping is acceptable.The Message: From start to finish the show creators keep the theme of LOVE and the Beatles message of it, front and center.
5	Crazy fun. Even if you are not  much of a Beatles fan, the constant moving sets, costumes and choreography is simply stunning. After it ended we looked at each other and said, what in the hell did we just see? Worth the money, nice theater, see it before it ends.
3	This was my fourth Cirque show, and the only one I don't think deserves five stars.Let me say, this is a great show, so why the lower review? If you've ever seen a "classic" cirque show, you will understand my reasoning. Love is not a "classic" show.It is great for what it is, but it is not great compared to what I expect when seeing a cirque show.My expectations include crazy, amazing human feats and acts of oddity.Love has a short section of trampolines and rollerblades, other than that is heavy on the dancing and tributes the music (which I guess is the point). "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" is the best song/scene in the show, beautiful and stimulating.I will recommend this show to people who've never seen a Cirque show, but after reading other reviews, I think you can tell that I am not alone in my disappointment.
5	I am a big Beatles fan and this is the first Cirque show I have ever been to and I was enthralled from start to finish. There was a TON going on non-stop and such high energy and beautiful music. Lighting effects gave a tone that could change the feel in the room and the stage constantly morphed. It was a bit slow starting out but by the end, I didn't want the show to stop. I could not imagine if someone saw this on some psychedelics, it would probably be the worst or best experience of their lives.Most of the Beatles hits were represented and a few semi-deep cuts. Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds was my favorite because they dropped a lot of LED lines throughout and they synced on some parts and were just made to look like stars other times. I could not recommend this more.
5	As the show began and the curtains were cutting across the stage, I was becoming so mad because I could see hardly anything from my seats. Then suddenly the curtains go flying back, people come flying down from the rafters, and the music is so much more exciting! The show was incredible. I am a huge Beatles fan and loved every moment of this show. The auditorium is the perfect size and our seats even had speakers in them.I would go back in a heartbeat!
5	"...all you need is love..." and that's all i have for this show! awesome!
1	This is not a circus at all...there were 2-3 acrobatic acts that were ok...but not jawdropping...cirque used to make me gasp...this show would have been better on E....bc the music and lighting events...overall it was like a dance performance.....ending up leaving halfway through....that says something...
5	Wow!  I don't know how you could not give these performers 5-stars.  I mean, seriously, what an amazing experience and production!  It was the only show I saw in Vegas, but it was by far the best show I've seen in a long time, and that includes NYC productions.  You gotta get some Beatles Love when you're in LV.  I tried to get discounted tickets, but that didn't work out, so we're staying at the Mirage and head back there to check on availability on a Sunday night.  Shows remaining = 7:00p and 9:30p.  We opted for the 9:30p show so we could catch dinner beforehand.  Much to our surprise they had tickets available.  The guy at the Mirage ticket counter was really cool, he talked about the seat offerings and mentioned how the back seats were not that far from the stage and you're higher up and can see everything as opposed to the front seats which are set lower than the stage.  You can pick what you want, but we were pretty happy w/ our seats in the back row.  Another bonus - - he even offered us a 20% discount...that rocked.  He said they were 98% sold out, when we got in there we saw several rows of open seating, so lesson's learned - - everything's negotiable, it doesn't hurt to ask, you may get your wish.  The show was spectacular to say the least.  If you're a Beatles fan then you have to go, if you're not then you'll become one regardless.  As for the show itself, it's like a combination of Harry Potter, Technocolor Coat, Willy Wonka, Stomp, and Tim Burton.  There's singing, plenty of different styles of dancing, a little acrobatics, rollerblading, and lots of props and fun.  The dancing is eloquent and graceful.  They match it all w/ the various Beatles hits and also play some vintage film at the end of the show.  It was one of the highlights of my trip to Vegas, this show was spectacular and I would definitely go back again and again and again.  This show and the cast ROCK!
5	Ive seen a few cirque du soleil shows but this is by far the best one yet! I absolutely loved it. Ive never been a huge Beatles fan but for this show you dont have to be. The performers were so good and the show is just breath taking. If ever in Las Vegas this show is a definite MUST WATCH!!
5	One of the most beautiful things I've seen in my life. Stunningly gorgeous performances and complimented the timeless genius that are the Beatles more perfectly than I could have ever imagined. I am dying to see it again already - don't leave Vegas without seeing this show.
5	Simply a fantastic show.  My favorite Cirque in Vegas (with KA in a close second).  As long as you don't dislike the Beatles (and who actively dislikes the Beatles besides weirdos that think they're too "mainstream"), YOU WILL LOVE THIS SHOW.
5	A must see show for lovers of music, The Beatles, or Cirque du Soleil!The show was impressive and the entertainment went on for a long time.  By far, one of the best shows on the strip, and an incredible experience!Probably not good for the elderly, as it was loud, and there was a lot going on.  For everyone else though, what a great show!Just like a ride at Disney, there is a gift shop on the way out.
5	Breath-taking! This is the best word I have to describe Love. This was my second Cirque du Soleil show with Ka being my first. Where Ka left me with that WTF-just-happened-feel (in the best possible way), Love told a subdued story about Love set to the music of the Beatles. The costumes were wonderful. The performers were ridiculously talented, and the music...well...you can't ever go wrong with the Beatles. I left this show feeling invigorated, positive, and full of, hmmm, LOVE! I would absolutely go back if only to try to catch all the stuff I missed because there is always so much going on during a Cirque du Soleil show. Truly visually amazing.
5	I don't know why I waited so long to post this review... this was absolutely hands down one of the best live theatre experiences I have ever had.I may be a little biased, I love the Beatles.  I grew up listening to nothing but the Beatles.  I could've sat in a room with no performers and listened to George Martin's re-arrangements of this music and been in heaven.  If you are a Beatles buff, you will love this for the music alone.The performers make the experience even that much better.  I didn't know where to look.  The level of talent on, above, and below the stage is incredible.  I can't imagine the amount of work and rehearsal that the performers and technicians go through to put on a seamless show.The concept and execution from start to finish is incredible.  The ambiance rocks.Tickets were pricey... but well worth it.Very impressive.
4	I got a great deal for this show at travel zoo, I just picked the cheapest tickets I could find, we were seated way up there in the nosebleed section, but our view of the show was still amazing. There is no bad seat in the theater! Overall it was a good show. As like most cirque shows, it is mainly visual, and the problem with that for me is that I am more auditory. I like it when a show can get you engaged emotionally. They played a lot of popular Beatles songs as well as some not so popular ones. I think the show was pretty long, I have to admit I fell asleep, again..as I also did that when I saw le reve...maybe am just not a huge cirque fan, since I am more engaged when there is actual singing and an actual storyline, like broadway shows etc. I prefer shows that will please you mentally, visually & auditory, but if visual stimulation is enough for you, this show should be good. The Performance was flawless though and the seats & theater was really nice.
5	Wow. Wow. Wow. My wonderful girl brought me out to Vegas for my bday and grabbed some tickets to this show. What a keeper! I saw the show in April 2011, and while I have listened to and loved the Beatles music for a long time, I was completely flabbergasted (Yes!! Finally got that word into a review) watching a LOVEly picture being painted to the tunes I have enjoyed since I was a kid.The performers were energized and the performance was awesome. Costumes were crazy good. I remember when I was a little kid and would sit wide-eyed in excitement watching crazy stuff like this... It brought me back for sure. With all the action, it's also a great story of seeing a young man struggle with finding love while everyone all around him has an abundance of it. The transitions into different scenes were smooth. I loved the part with the silhouettes of the group and also enjoyed that they constantly played to the crowd. With the white sheet flying over my head and a nice buzz going on from some redbull and vodkas ... this was all just strictly epic. Cannot go wrong with seeing this show, unless you don't care for their music (Get outttaaaa heeeere).5 stars all the way. This show started off my bday weekend in Vegas just right.
4	are you a beatles fan? what about a cirque du soleil fan? if you answer no... well, are you a fan of good music and wanna watch a show that would make you go "ohhh" and "ahhh".i would definitely recommend this show! go to the tix4tonight box office and get your discounted tickets right now! i got tickets for the second row for a discounted price. how can i possibly complain. seats are tight meaning not very much leg room. but really for this show anywhere you sit you'll be able to see everything. the music is loud enough for you to hear what's going on. no pictures can be taken. they take that seriously as well. i had a bad experience because i had two very annoying girls in front of me who were inconsiderate of other people who were behind them. they were jumping off of their seats, playing air drums that were off beat, talking throughout the show, and well i'll stop there. but let's just hope that your experience would be better than mines. cause they took all of my attention! even after the staff asked them to not be as rowdy they still were talking and kept looking back. anyways, there's a short intermission. they play all of the hits! the concept of each song was really good! at the end it reminded me a little of blues man group. i don't want to tell you too much due to it being a spoiler. overall, this was one of my top 5 cirque show!
5	This is my favorite Cirque du Soleil show in Vegas without a doubt. I have seen this show multiple times and would gladly see it again.Being a Beatles fan, I really enjoyed how the show incorporated remixed versions of their songs (within you without you, while my guitar gently weeps) and used a great sound system built into the seats to further enhance one's experience in the theater.Although the show is less acrobatic than others by Cirque, the stunts and dance routines are very entertaining and fit perfectly with soundtrack and visuals on stage.I highly recommend this show for anyone regardless of your level of interest in the Beatles or Cirque du Soleil.
5	There aren't enough adjectives or stars. If you only see one show, this is it. Stunning!
2	I would only go to this show if you're a HUGE fan of the Beatles.  The acrobatics of Cirque du Soleil is not the main feature and there are no live vocal performances.  The visuals are stunning but without substance.  The entire thing was like a plotless film set against a Beatles-only soundtrack with people jumping around.  Maybe not unlike that 2007 movie, Across the Universe.
5	My favorite Vegas show! I am not one to want to see shows over again, but this one, I would catch again in a minute! I like the Beatles, not love them, but the energy of this show was awesome. It kept getting better and better and I was so sorry when it was over. Don't find out too much ahead of time, and ruin the surprises. Just go and enjoy!
5	It has taken me a while to write this review because I was unsure if I could put into words how amazing this show is. Cirque has done an INCREDIBLE job at portraying the Beatles in their finest form. As other reviews state, this is not an acrobatic show. None of the stunts will leave you scratching your head. But if you love the Beatles, or if you have children who know nothing about the Beatles, then I HIGHLY recommend this show!What I enjoyed the most was that they did not sugar coat the Beatles. They really showed the message that the Beatles were all about in the 60s, fighting inequality, the war and hate. In one moment you felt like you were feeling the same pain as the Beatles in their pro-love messages and the next moment you felt like you were at a Beatles concert! I never would have thought that I'd be lucky enough to experience a Beatles concert (since I was born in 1985) and this Cirque performance transported me back in time. I was so happy and in ecstacy that the tears were rolling down my face. It's THAT GOOD!If you love the Beatles, don't know much about them, or nothing at all then come see this show. I have never recommended a Cirque performance so highly in my life.
5	What a show!  Great, crisp music and choreographed acrobatics.  Always something going on at multiple levels.  Sat in first row of 306 balcony section- more leg room for tall people and could see whole show without looking up.
4	I love the Beatles... And I love Cirque du Soleil...What took me so long to finally see this? Seriously beautiful and innovative acrobatics, trapeze, bungee, skate, dance and special effects all set to the music of greatest band of all time. What a terrific, fun show!We sat in the very front row, but the way that the theater is configured, I don't think there would be a bad seat in the house.A must see for Beatles fans and/or Cirque du Soleil fans. This is my favorite Cirque show to date (of the ones I've seen anyway)!
5	Words cannot even begin to describe this experience. That's right it isn't just any ordinary show, but rather an experience. Regardless if you're a Beatles lover or not, the whole universal theme of love is performed through the fab 4's iconic music, dance, and other cirque du soliel magical amazingness. If I wanted to show someone how much I loved them, I would reenact this show for them. Like I said words cannot describe this, so hopefully you can catch the show before it ends at the Mirage. Overall, a mind altering experience that leaves you commemorating the greatest band of all time, The Beatles.
5	Before I go into my review, let me offer you this advice-if you see a few shows in Vegas, make sure this is the last one. Why? Because if you see it first I can all but guarantee everything else will completely pale in comparison.In the past 2 years or so, I've become an absolute Beatles nut. When I found out I was getting to see LOVE with some family, I was absolutely thrilled. Before going, I started to build it up in my head and ran that risk of having expectations that are far too high. Well, they were exceeded.The first thing I noted, and was really excited about, was that the theater is actually not all that big. It's actually quite intimate and has a very cool design, with round seating facing a stage with four entrances that the performers come in on.The show itself totally blew me away, and actually really moved me. After a beautiful intro with "Because", the silhouettes of The Beatles are projected on 4 screens hanging down and they launch into "Get Back", kicking it off and causing some serious chills.I won't talk about details for the rest of the show, because you've got to experience for yourself. There is so much going on, and the performers are incredibly talented. They really pull you in. I had a smile plastered on my face the entire time and even sang along with some songs (the whole crowd was that into it)The whole thing was a pure rush, and I couldn't believe it was over....I could've watched 5 more hours!LOVE is one of the best, if not maybe the best, shows I've ever seen. It's funny, it's moving, it's energetic, it's nostalgic, it's just incredible.If you're in Vegas, DON'T miss this show!
5	I agree with all the other reviews. It's a great show, intimate setting, seats are great no matter where you are sitting.  This was my first cirque show and the one thing you have to remember is this show is a lot like the movie "2001 space odyssey"  Everyone interprets this show (and other cirque shows) differently.  Throughout the show you're like OOOOH and OHHH and look at that.  but when it's over, and you go home and try to describe the show and what you saw is indescribable.  That movie was the same way.  You finish the show or the movie and you can't put into words what you saw/experienced.  Even if you see the show with someone, each of you will have a different reaction to what you saw and experienced.  It's very kewl and I recommend this show to everyone.
5	As it states on the rating, this is as good as it gets.I was skeptical of Cirque shows in general. It just seemed too flashy for me. I am not into the bare-skinned maneuvering rope jumpers like I had seen from other Cirque show previews. Needless to say, I was expecting some amazing music with so-so dancing. BOY, was I wrong. This show can be summed up in 3 categories- Visual, Musical, Atmospherically/StorylineVisual- Visually stunning comes to mind. The way the set were produced was just unbelievable, and it just goes to show how the songs are all great stories. Each set was painstakingly put together to add to the story. My best example would be the main sequence involving the bombing of England and the subsequent revival comes to mind. Also, the acrobatics are breathtaking. It is as advertised, amazing and over the top.....But in the good way!Musical- Come on, its the Beatles. If you are even a general fan, the way they re-scored the songs will please your eardrums. As a life-long Beatles fan, they did not take advantage of their original scores, and certainly very few if any liberties were taken. Also, just adding everything together makes the music that much more enjoyableAtmospherically/Storyline- The atmosphere the story provided really was surprising. I didn't think they could pull it off, especially the way they were going with it. I like how the producers decided on multiple tie-ins and stories, in which you can go many directions as you follow along. The story is great and adds to the music you hear.Honestly, I do not know how long the show will last. I mean, its been there for years. That is a testament to how good the show is, rather than dying off it rides on strong. See it before its gone. I hope I get a chance to get back and see it one more time. Its that good.
5	This show was absolutely amazing.  I was told it was fantastic but had to see it for myself to really appreciate how great it is.  You cannot put into words the magnificence of this Cirque du Soleil masterpiece. I would imagine that people who loathe the music of The Beatles may not enjoy the show, but if you like or love their music you will absolutely love the show.  It really captures ones imagination, putting wild visuals to the songs we've all heard many times over the years.  The show is almost like a combination of a play, musical, and circus.  There are acrobats and wild costumes, light shows and video screens.  I would recommend a high seat (we were in row 206), if you are not in a high seat you will not be able to fully take in all that is happening around you.  There was even a point at which people in the lower seats became covered up while the higher seats could still see what was going on.  Tickets ar approximately $150, if you are a military member you can get a discount which will take the ticket price down to around $109.I would recommend this show to ANYBODY except people that loathe The Beatles.  Go see LOVE!
5	I am keeping this simple and sweet......1st time at a Cirque du Soleil...was a Beatles fan but an average one......knew I wanted to go to at least one show while in Vegas and all of this leads me to one thing: ONE OF THE BEST DAMN NIGHTS OF MY LIFE!!!Unbelievable, unforgetable, amazing, mindblowing, beyond anything you could possibly imagine. All of that and more. Worth every penny and you will be humming Beatles tunes for the next few weeks at least. So good in fact I would go again in a heartbeat.
5	From the moment I approached the theatre entrance up until the conclusion/end, I enjoyed every minute of the experience of this show.Firstly, all of the ushers/workers/staff are dressed in what I would call "traditional" clothing from the music period of the Beatles heyday in England.  An English touch is also present with a large scale replica of the Union Jack on the ceiling as well.  On your way to the theatre, guests will pass the LOVE store as well as a color changing wall with a composition/pattern depicting the "fab four".The theatre itself is a spectacle as well as a technical accomplishment that befits the typical Cirque show in Vegas.  Its 360 degree stage allows the audience to view the show from different perspectives depending on their seats.  As far as the the show itself, it's definitely an achievement and triumph in showcasing the music and period of the Beatles with all of the acts, costumes, and enjoyment that Cirque Du Soleil is renowned for.  The costumes are colorful and dramatic, the cast is full of happiness and energy, and the music may just tempt you start clapping along or dance in your seat perhaps =)  Although all of the acts/performers in LOVE are up to the standards Cirque shows are known for, one of my favorite parts of the show involves some "audience participation."  I won't give anything away except to say that if you're seated in the front rows/section, your "participation" will be needed at some point.  It was quite fun to say the least and was one of the more surprising and fun aspects of the show!!Bottom Line:  I would definitely recommend this show to people who are either fans of the Beatles or Cirque Du Soleil, or who are fans of both.  Enjoy!
5	We had a fabulous time at Cirque du Soleil - The Beatles LOVE! My husband and I appreciated every moment of the production. The work these people go into for each performance is astounding. From the moment we walked into the venue, to the wonderful ushers dressed in periodic uniforms, we highly recommend this show! It is very expensive and worth every penny! GO!
5	Beatles' music, imaginative performances including both dance and acrobatics, made you smile and remember back.  Would probably be a blast to see stoned.  Good pour of scotch outside which you can bring into theatre.  What more do you want from a show?  Not my first Cirque show and won't be my last.  These performers are just wonderful.
3	Not your typical Cirque show.I've seen Corteo, Ka, Totem, Kooza, Quidam, and Alegria.While this show is more about bringing the Beatles music to life (and amping it up with awesome remixes), this is super sensory overload!  There is so much to look at while everyone is dancing around in amazing costumes and revolving sets that come out of nowhere and everywhere.  Kudos to the mechanical engineers and backstage/understage peeps making it all happen seamlessly.  While it's fun and energetic, I felt a bit overwhelmed at times.My favorite bits were the quiet ones where there was a focus on performers and acrobatics (what Cirque is known for)... and didn't lovelovelove everything else.  I wish there was more clowning, too.The show seemed short and I wanted more acrobatics.  The show had some serious undertones as well (love in general does have serious moments, I suppose), which weren't "fun" to watch but still lovely.The music is amazing!  I love the Beatles and love how they've made the music extra special.  Tip - get the CD with cash from one of the many standalone vendors outside the store rather than fighting the crowds after the show.Worth a watch, but I wouldn't see it again.  There is no set story like Ka, and the lack of acrobatic feats was disappointing.  Come for the music, especially if you're a fan of the Beatles.
5	A great performance and mainly, a hell of a lot of fun. Just one of those shows where everyone walks away smiling and humming and feeling really good.It is absolutely ridiculous to buy your (expensive) tickets online then have to wait 30 minutes crammed in a tight line to actually get your actual tickets. Not a great way to treat people paying $200. for a ticket. However, that doesn't seem to be stopping anyone. Blame The Mirage, not Cirque du Soleil for that major inconvenience.Seen over a dozen Cirque du Soleil shows in Los Angeles and Las Vegas and this was very different but maybe the most fun.If you can see one show in Las Vegas, I'd recommend seeing this show before any other.
5	Such a fun, uplifting show!!! I smiled the entire night and I'm not even a Beatles fan!! All I could think about was how much I wish I could afford to give tickets to my friends and family to see this. I felt it was a privelage to be there to see this show...worth every penny of the ticket price!!
5	Love is amazing!!!I went to Vegas hoping to see Cirque du Soleil and I am very glad I found tickets for this show!.Great music, amazing performers, customes, make up, acrobatics...and The Beatles! What else could I ask for!I have to admit I was a bit overwhelmed sometimes for too much stuff happening at the same time but the fact that the show doesn't have an actual story allowed me to enjoy it anyways.I teared up a couple of times, I found it very emotional, it was just great.Love show is at The Mirage, right on the strip and I gotta say that there is not a bad seat in the house so feel free to get any ticket.Cirque du Soleil rocks! And I can't wait to see the next show.
4	I'd rate it 3 stars, but my parents rated it 5.   The athleticism was impressive, and some of the illusions & stagecraft was impressive, but I wasn't wowed by anything.  My parents were wowed by it all.The music was great, and every seat is fantastic- definitely buy the less expensive ones.   Even they are pricey.   We paid full ($180 each) to make sure we got seats.   But that day at the Tix4Tonight booths, they had plenty of leftovers for the show at 40% discounts.
1	dont get me wrong, the show is amazing... saw it a couple years ago, and it was wonderful...HOWEVER.....came back to see it again for my birthday and so my better half could experience it as well.  We went an hour early to the box office in our hotel to pick up the tickets only to find out that they showed up as unavailable.  When i called the mirage directly, they offered no explanation only saying that the tickets were RESOLD........  No refundNo transferNo mannersthe girl on the phone was significantly good at marginalizing my concerns and offered no form of compensation for THEIR MISTAKE!horrible horrible experience and i will certainly not be patronizing the mirage ever again.
5	I can't think of anyone who doesn't like this show!  I've been living in Vegas for 5 years now and have NEVER seen a Cirque show until last night.  My expectations of Love were met and so much more.This show offers a little of everything!  First off, the theme itself is stellar!  The Beatles, c'mon.  That's already WINNING.  There's humor and lust all accompanied with a magical experience.  Cirque Du Soleil defies gravity and the physical logics of being human.  These acrobats are are top notch and really impressed me.  I haven't seen any other Cirque show yet but hope to see them now!Going into this show, I must say that I was a little bias.  Unlike many of the reviewers, I'm a huge fan of The Beatles.  Blackbird, Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds, Strawberry Fields Forever, I Wanna Hold your Hand, Octopus's Garden, Hey Jude and All You Need is Love are some of my personal favorite songs performed at Love.  My one favorite song, Let It Be, was NOT performed.  Sad face.  No worries, though, because overall, this show was ON POINT and HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	With this being my 3rd Cirque show under my belt I can safely say that maybe now I can start reviewing these things and certainly this is my first non-food review, but there's a first thing for everything right?Bottom line is that based on the stage and performance area there really isn't what one would consider a bad seat anywhere to be honest..I was in the lower level towards one of the entrance sections so that was definitely pretty nifty to get an added take on things!Love certainly seemed to be one of the more complete themed story lines compared to the ones I've seen previously..On top of that even picking up the tickets was pretty seamless..We went a few hours before the show and got in/out effortlessly which is always a plus! My highlight was seeing this young man (probably around 9-12 years old?) just ripping up the stage..He saw me point to him and admire his popping and other earth shattering moves and when he went to leave the stage at the end reached out for a high five..I guess little things like that go a long way in their minds, but honestly each member left their heart on the stage that night!All in all, definitely make this one of your stops for a great evening of Vegas entertainment Cirque style!
5	I have seen a lot of shows, concerts and Broadway plays, this was by far the greatest performance I have ever seen. The arena wasn't that big. We paid $79 and could see everything perfectly. So don't think you have to spend $180 a ticket to see an amazing show!
5	Absolutely amazing! It was my first Cirque show in Vegas (saw a traveling show once in my home city) and it blew my mind. The music was wonderful, the costumes were fantastic. It was just such a cool, fun experience. We were in the 5th row and had great seats!
4	This is the second Cirque show I've seen, and I enjoyed it much more than the first (Zumanity).  The engineering of the set was amazing, and the acrobatics were great.  I wish it had more of a story line; maybe it did and I just didn't follow it?  Regardless, it was a good experience and our group had a great time.
4	I LOVED LOVE!!!!As my basis for comparison...I didn't need one, this is my first Cirque du Soleil show in Las Vegas and you really can't compare the shows.  I saw The Chippendales, Le Reve, and Divas and it would truly be unfair to compare these because they are all different types of shows.Would I recommend the above? Yes, as I would recommend seeing LOVE.I purchased my tickets through a promo on Travelzoo - section 200 tickets for the price of the nosebleed seats but really, there isn't a bad seat in this place as everything takes place right on the middle stage.  You also don't have to be a "fan" of The Beatles either...they are all songs you know.  This is one of those shows that has so much going on you don't know where to watch first not to mention the cast of LOVE look like they're having a blast on stage.I DO recommend seeing this performance.
4	Really enjoyed Love, but of course you really have to like the Beatles. Definitely a great show, but you need good seats to see everything.
5	Best show in Vegas. I've seen many of the shows ranging from Blue Man group to Carrot Top as well as Zumanity and this show is amazing. It doesn't matter where you sit, there is always something amazing going on. And, of course, the soundtrack is awesome. I will definitely go back to see it again.
5	Dude. This was awesome. One of my best experiences.I liked the British atmosphere in the entrance, I took pics with the ushers. I love the magical world of Cirque du Soleil. I love the intensity, talent and dedication of the performers. It was so nice hearing all the great Beatles songs. The performers that stuck out to me was the guy who was on the seesaw way up in the sky, and went around in a 360! wow!! And I liked the girl hanging from a rope doing ballet. That was so beautiful. I do wish it was more upbeat and had more of the mainstream hits. There were some melancholy parts. Afterwards I had fun in the gift shop buying souvenirs. I still wear my red Love shirt. Excellent show! groovy.
3	I know people adore this show, and I feel like a sinner for not being crazy about it too!  Love was good.... but I guess it wasn't everything I hoped it would be. It was entertaining but I didn't find it riveting like I like my Vegas shows to be. It was more of a concert with dancing than a show I felt. It was literally just playing Beatles songs (which sounded awesome) with performers dancing/acting out the songs. I felt like I was at a concert more than anything. I've been to Cirque du Soleil shows before and this one was eh. The costumes weren't as creepy/bizarre/eye catching as I thought, there weren't as many stunts as I expected and they weren't that extensive. The stunts pretty much just consisted of swinging from the ceiling, climbing ropes, roller skating and jumping around.  And I am a Beatles fan, I knew all the songs & was singing along. It was good but I just felt unsatisfied and a little disappointed, I think my reaction was, "That's it? This is what the hype was about?" There were cool parts- like in the beginning when this creepy looking guy with a tea pot was walking around pouring the steam brewing out on people's heads or when a large sheet came down covering everyone and the ending (parts of the show were trippy). Yet, I suppose I was really just hoping for more of an interesting show overall.
5	Amazing, the Beatles on cirque du soleil's terms and remember in the end the love you take is equal to the love you make!
5	4th time seeing the show and it has been phenomenal every single time. Cirque is never a let down, and worth every penny! If you are looking to be entertained and have a lifetime memory, see the Beatles Love show!!
5	Best Cirque du Soleil show!!!  It was entertaining the entire time even after watching it for my fourth time!  Definitely a must see especially if you are a Beatles fan.
4	For someone who doesn't know much about Beatles songs, I still enjoyed the show a lot!!!  The stage was very different and great, and there were practically no bad seats  in this show.  I would recommend listening to Beatles songs before you see the show if you are not too familiar with them!
2	The first word that comes to mind is Random, then "why did we waste our money."  My husband and I are in our early 30's and have seen Mystere (loved), Ka (eh), La Reve (good), and now Beatles (disappointed).  They hardly had any acrobatics or moments where I was like "wow".  Mostly it was poor dancing to the Beatles music with people dressed up in random outfits.  It did get 2 stars because the stage production and set-up including seating is great and they had 2 tricks in there that I liked.  All in all though, we were upset we wasted soo much money on this show.
3	The Beatles are my favorite group of all time, so I expected AMAZING! I had already heard the soundtrack a few times, so I was a huge fan of that specifically going in. I loved that George Harrison composed the whole complication and was super stoked to come. In fact, it was the sole reason I came to Vegas after having not been here since I was 11. I am now 34 and knew that The Beatles would be the only thing to make me go there as an adult. It's true, there seemed to be no bad seats and the overall ambiance was pretty cool looking. We sat like 7 seats from the stage. The shows performance did not match the soundtrack, however. It was lacking in many areas and beyond slow for at least 60% of it. The creepy as all get out little Beatles with blank faces was unnecessary and freaky and the Blackbird scene was probably one of the stupidest things I have ever seen. Totally took away from the beautiful song. There was nothing about the show that was worth $127! That is what the person who bought my ticket paid. It was worth about $80 and that;s what I would pay if I ever went again. I would also never sit near the stage again because I do not enjoy massive sheets dragging over my head for 5 minutes, which is what happens if you sit near the first 20 rows or so. If you went in with a hair style, you will leave those rows void of one. Go for the soundtrack and overall show, but don't pay more than $80. 5 stars for the soundtrack and 3 for the performances.
5	"Love"ed it!!! Haha really great show! First time going to a Cirque du Soleil performance. I was told this one had a little more dancing then the other shows which is a not a bad thing just a little different. Cool story great imagery.Highly recommend it!! Fun times!
5	The bomb.  My sixty five year old dad and life long Beatles guy couldn't get enough of it.  My 13 yo son loved it equally well.  What a show!  Would love to see it again.
5	Yep. LOVE is still my favorite Cirque show.It's been 2.5 years since I saw it twice in the same week. I was afraid it might have lost a little something since then. I mean, I used to listen to the soundtrack daily in my car and may have worn myself out on it. But moments into the performance, those fears were allayed. The heart and soul of LOVE is the wonderful soundscape that George and Giles Martin have crafted. That part is evidently timeless and it still translates magically to the stage.This time around, I managed to get front row seats. To be honest, I think I prefer to watch the show from higher up. It's not that being so close is a bad thing; it's just different. In the front row, your eye level is just above the stage. The show is a trip to begin with, but looking up and being so close to the performers exacerbates that feeling. At the same time, you probably miss a lot of things with your view occasionally obstructed. But with so much going on, this is true no matter where you sit. The important thing for me is that my friend absolutely loved it. Outside of my Dad, she's the biggest Beatles fan I know and it was just ridiculous that she had never seen the show.By the end, I found myself falling in love with LOVE again. In fact, I'm listening to the soundtrack again as I type this review.
1	Good music, but for a Cirque show, I really expected more acrobatics, visual effects, and stunts.  Appreciated the dancing, but during the entire show it felt like i was waiting for something more to happen, then after a couple hours, it ended.  Disappointing.
5	It's a Beatles concert, Cirque du Soleil style.  How can you go wrong?  The music and performance was incredible, a feast for the eyes and ears.  Because of the concert-like quality, it had a different feel from the other Cirque shows, which isn't a bad thing at all!  LOVE is on my top 5 list here in Vegas, I could definitely see this more than once!
4	Ok... so it probably didn't help that we saw KA before we saw LOVE.  LOVE is an amazing chronology of the Beatles music, but it is not heavy on the acrobatics.  Don't be mistaken, the acrobatics that are part of the show are still amazing, and you will definitely enjoy them, but do keep in mind this is more of a tribute to the beatles show, and not so much a cirque show.  Still fantastic, and if you're staying at the Mirage, inquire about the guest discount, we got 40% off really good seats: don't sit too close to the stage... u need to be able to see all the screens and off the wall stuff they do all over the theatre. Very psychedelic performance, and an all around fantastic show.  No live music here, but I mean... it's the beatles original soundtrack.
3	Be forewarned this is not  your typical cirque show. Instead of utilixing a lot of acrobats I would guess 3/4 of the cast are trained in modern dance.  My favorite Cirque show for a variety of skill and acrobatics is Mystere.  Ka had more of a story, some acorbatics and a great giant floating stage, Oh involved a lot of water with acrobats diving into the pool. All the shows I mentioned the music was forgettable cirque gibberish.  The music is the star of the Love show and since both my kids like the Beatles it was money well spent. The staging lighting, sound was impressive  and it all correlated to the song.  If you are not a big  Beatles fan I'd stay away.  I can understand why some are disappointed as I too thought it could use more jaw dropping acrobatics.  I kept waiting for some of the performers bouncing around on bungees to do something but they never did.  I was thinkning 'heck I can do that!' From a theatrical and musical experience it was a good show, if you want to see an acorbatic cirque show, I'd skip it.
5	I was a Cirque virgin when I went to see Love. I had been debating between 3 other Cirque shows, but everyone I knew kept telling me to go with Love for my first... and they were totally right. The Beatles are just great to begin with, but the story that gets told throughout the performance is so wonderful... I had goosebumps and a tear in my eye by the time it was all over. I do admit I was hopeful for even more Sgt. Pepper's themed-stuff, but either way, it was great, and I highly recommend that you check it out if you have the chance. I've heard that Love isn't as acrobatic-heavy as other Cirque shows, but I thought it was beautiful & well choreographed.Also, in case you're worried, there really isn't a bad seat in the house... I ended up getting discounted tickets through a program my employer offers, but even if you buy the cheap seats, you're still going to get a good show.
5	If you like the Beatles, this is a no-brainer = GO SEE THE SHOW.  Simply Awesome!!!
5	I absolutely loved this show, but don't get excited I won't reveal any details. You have to go and see for yourself. A couple of weeks ago my German friend came to visit me in Las Vegas and I found, with excitement, that most shows were offering summer deals. I got tickets for the first row balcony and was a little nervous whether they would be good. When we got there, it turned out that they had closed the balcony area for the night and we got free upgrades. I was very happy about that and we got amazing seats in the middle row, from where we could see everything very well. This show definitely keeps you entertained for the entire time. The symbolic and the political and historical messages were amazing and inspiring. The artists are truly talented and everything was just perfect.
5	Just saw this show last week with my husband and two teenage kids. We absolutely loved it!A visual and auditory feast. The choreography - superb. Special effects are stunning. So much to see all at once that you are certain to miss things. There were moments in the show that I felt I was in a dream from which I did not want to wake up. I need to see this again. Our tickets were about $100 each and worth every penny.
4	Not your average Cirque!  I loved the dancing and story line of this performance.  I've seen at least 8 different Cirque shows and loved them all.   This one focuses more on dance, music, politics, and the attitude of a generation.  You'll love it, but be ready for loud music and a rowdy atmosphere.
5	Picture yourself in a show in Las VegasWith plastic cups with mind numbing liquorsSuddenly someone tells you to take your seatsA worker with kaleidoscope eyesIt goes without saying, but psychedelics are almost irrelevant in a Cirque Du Soleil show, when at any given point you'll wonder if you have to toss away your sobriety chip due to the general mind altering wonder and awe of a show like this. With that said;For the benefit of Vegas patrons there will be a show tonight on trampoline... zip-lines. crazy yellow submarines and a lot of other trippy high flying craziness. Hey dude, don't think the show's bad. take a bad loss at the tables and make it betterremember, to not bet the farm at blackjackthen you can start to enjoy your Vegas tripJesus! The show was filling me with waves as if I had taken a saltshaker half-full of cocaine. Flying limey folk dressed to the era of the 70's twirling around in the air.  I found myself in times of trouble, where the fuck were you Mother Mary? And where the hell were my words of wisdom -- I learned to Let it be.. Oh let it be. Hey dude, don't be afraid. You are here to watch a music show The minute you let it wash over you Then you can begin... to have a blast. Once you embrace this freak show for what it is, the rest comes easy -- Just let this baby drive your car, then you're going to be a star. In a sense you'll Get back to where you once belonged. Just turn off your mind, relax and go down stream. The show's not dying.. The show is not dying...  It's something in the way the dancers move. I don't want to leave this show now.. I don't even know how -- I guess the exit signs. But yeah, you won't need any Lucy in the sky with diamonds before coming to the show. It provides enough of an mind fucking of uppers and downers in itself. With all those terrible Beatles song puns laced...okay, making up the entire review, I guess you can easily see that this show, if you're not one of those Elvis folks, will blow you away. It's a visual, audio and all sensory overload of spectacularness. Forget the Octopuses garden, I'd like to be watching this show a couple more times. As Sgt. Pepper lonely heart club band said, I hope you enjoyed the show, but hey, they're sorry but it's time to go. What next? Let me take you down to the Beatles Revolution lounge... Strawberry drinks, nothing is cheap. And nothing to write home about there. Better yet, let's just avoid the Beatles Revolution lounge bar altogether unless you really want an overpriced drink with a Beatles name attached to it. You're in a Casino, after all, drinks should be plentiful and comped. Go to the show, but forget The Beatles themed bar as a means to kill time before the show.
5	I was blown away by this show. I have never been so entertained during an entire show before. It was the highlight of my trip. Sometimes I have ADD sitting for long periods of time. During Love there is always something going on from the moment it starts to the end. It was crack for my eyes, ears and mind I wanted more. There is music, acrobatics, flying and fabulous props. I bought the "cheap" seats row FF and two tickets were $195.00. Our seats were great. There isn't a bad seat in the house. I recommend purchasing directly from Mirage it was more expensive through the other ticket agents like Ticketmaster. I bought them before the trip and picked up the same day as the show at the box office. The staff were very nice and did a wonderful job getting people ushered in and out quickly. Also, the line is very long to get into the show. We were told to get there 30 minutes before it started. There were already hundreds of people in line. The line snaked through the casino all the way to the gift shop. I recommend showing up when the show time is that way you won't have to wait in line.
5	Was so excited to see my first Cirque du Soleil show. We nabbed a good deal on this show, and from the moment you walk through the rainbow colored walkway, throughout the show, and exit taking pictures with the London clad employees, you're destined to have a good time. Because the stage is in the center, every seat is a good seat. Thoroughly enjoyed some Beatles history, of course all the songs, and the sheer amazement of the choreography of this show.Would highly recommend this show to others!
5	Very fun show with a lot to see.  Felt very psychedelic but that is quintessential Beatles.  Most of the Beatles more famous songs are in the show.  Also, the dancing, choreography, sets, acrobatic stunts, and video combined with the music, is for a Beatle fan or anyone who likes a great show
3	I've seen most of the Cirque du Soleil shows, both here in Vegas and those that I've seen as they tour.  I love watching the performers showing off their skills.  On my last trip to Vegas, we saw the Beatles LOVE show at the Mirage.  I thought we had great seats, and we enjoyed the music.  I felt this show was filled with lots of dancing and less actual "acts."  The staging was definitely full, as there were images on the wall, people in the air, and people on multiple parts of the stage simultaneously.  It was hard to see everything.  My friend loved that there was so much going on, and he is anxious to see it again.  I guess it just depends on what you're looking for.  There were a few standout moments that I enjoyed.  The phone booth trampoline section was fun, and at one point, our section of the audience was covered with a big white sheet.  I'm curious what the rest of the audience saw while we were under there.  If you are a big Beatles fan, or you can handle senses overload, you should go see this show.  Just note, if you, like me, like to watch the "acts," then this might not be the show for you.
5	All you need is love.. ;)Very good show, even if you're not a Beatles fanatics.Been there two times, really enjoyed the show.And yes, all WE need is love...
5	Best big show we saw in Vegas. Amazingly beautiful and fun to watch. Go! We Summer of Cirque tickets and they were a great value. The only downside is that I think all other Cirque shows will now pale in comparison.
5	HUGE Beatles fan, HUGE Cirque fan. Enough said, Loved the show. Definitely recommend.
5	I have been to several of these Cirque shows and this one was amazing...we were a party of 17 and EVERYONE love it!!!   Monte Carlo hotel helped us get tickets at a good discount (even less than 1/2 price tickets offered us) & we all were able to sit together (midweek) on a last minute booking.  I would love to see this show again...2 thumbs up x 17 very happy people- ages in our group ranged from 12 to 60ish...this show has something for everyone!!!
5	This is definitely one of my top favorite Cirque productions. If you have experienced Cirque shows, you most likely assume what you're getting yourself into is another entertaining performance with tricks and stunts, basically typical circus acts with flair. Well, this definitely stands out amongst the others.Obviously, LOVE celebrates the history of the Beatles and their music. Rather than aerial acts, contortionists, and trapeze acts, Cirque uses the art of dance and unique stage props to portray Beatles' classics and tell the story of their music. Don't worry, there are still some cool tricks they perform to keep you entertained. The staging for the show is awesome, honestly any seat is a good seat. Wait, I'm lying, don't sit in the very first row! Your necks are bound to be hurting by the end of the show and all you'll get to appreciate is their feet. The stage is set in the middle of the room with the seats placed around them in a full 360 circle. There isn't any type of backdrop other than 2 panoramic screens placed against the back walls, which can be seen from any seat. Even if you're not a huge Beatles fan (what?), you'll still enjoy the show because of the excitement and liveliness the dancers, props, and special effects are able to bring to the stage.You'll leave the theatre feeling nothing but happiness and truly believing 'all you need is love'.
3	I've seen 5 Cirque du Soleil shows and this one is my least favorite. It wasn't bad, I just expected more wow moments out of a Cirque du Soleil performance. The music was great, maybe it's because I don't know much about the Beatles? The stage and props were impressive and I liked the X Games skating ramps they pulled out. I wouldn't watch this show again, Ka and O were much better.
5	A family affair! Beautiful show, which brought tears to my eyes as my children sang along word for word with each song. Focus is much more on the art of the Beatles and less the Cirq, but still just as breathtaking. Worth every cent!
5	"LOVE" love loved this show. This was my first Cirque production to attend and hopefully will not be my last. Oh the Beatles, such great music, you cant help but want to stand up and sing and dance throughout this whole performance. Or well maybe that's just me. The theater stage is located in the center with the audience seats surrounding. My seats were located mid-way in the second section and I absolutely feel I had one of the best spots in the house, though really I think any seat would be a great seat. There are things going on in every corner and cranny of the room as a whole, that your eyes simply cannot keep up.The fluidity of the performance is amazing, transitioning from one scene/song to the next with almost little to no interruption. The artistic choreography and talented performers did such an incredible job orchestrating the impact, look, and feel of every Beatles song featured. Vivid, vibrant, sheer exciting show. I honestly would enjoy seeing this again and would highly recommend to everyone.
5	There are no bad seats in this theater. At first, you may be concerned about the curtains blocking your view but they don't as they are removed for the most parts of the show and are only there when they need to project something.Although you don't need to be a Beatles fan or know their music particularly well, I think it helps greatly in the entertainment and enjoyment factor. It pushes it over the top for me. I love the Beatles. Thanks to my parents listening to them incessantly, it was hard not to hear their catchy tunes as a child.I recognized all but a couple of the songs played and for the ones I didn't I wasn't as pumped compared to the ones I knew.This isn't the first Cirque show I've been to but there were less amazing acrobats and more interpretative dance in my humble opinion. If you are looking to be wowed by acrobats then this is probably the least "Cirque" one for you. The best part for that I can recall is the skating part where they do some nice tricks.If you want to feel good and enjoy the show as they sing the song at the end, then this is the show to see.You won't be disappointed. Unless you are a sulk!
4	I had always heard that the Cirque du Soleil Love show was one of the best and wanted to experience this for myself.It was a crazy and wild show, with a lot of things happening at once. I would say though it is not your typical Cirque du Soleil show.You expect lots of crazy acrobatics in a CDS show. This one was limited to a few acts, some roller bladers, trampoline jumpers, a see saw guy and a aeiral acrobat. Other than that, it was a lot of smoke and mirrors and trippy costumes. I did enjoy how they integrated the show with The Beatles music though which was the big draw. It was great to hear Beatles music on such a large venue and big sound system.
4	Not a bad seat in the house.  Awesome production.  Great show.  One of the best Cirque shows.  Would definitely recommend!
3	Husband loved this show more than I did and I think the level of enjoyment is parallel to your love of the Beatles. I think the show should be called Beatles Dance Party. There is minimal classic Cirque. There was amazing staging, great costumes, wonderful audio clips. If you are a Beatles fan this show is for you.
4	We had some cheap seats and at the last minute they moved us to gold circle seating.  So nice and unexpected!  It was great!The performance was a mix of talented dancers and acrobats.  Good music and colors!  It was a kaleidoscope of eye candy.
4	If I didn't love the Beatles before, I now do after seeing Love at the Mirage.The show was extremely entertaining, interactive (if you sit in the good seats they cover you with a sheet for a song), and filled with awe-inspiring acts.This was my first Cirque show but I'm ready for more!
5	Amazing show!! It doesn't matter if you are a fan of the beatles or not...it keeps your attention the whole time. A must see show for sure!
5	This show is one-of-a-kind. The theater design and stage blocking makes every seat in the house a good seat and also makes the performance unique to each seat at every angle. Loved it. We'll be talking in awe about this show for years to come.
5	Fantastic, energetic, entertaining, fun, exciting, highly recommended!!!!  I have to say that I  truly loved, "LOVE."  :)  It is my new favorite Cirque show.  Sorry Zumanity!  :)Saw "Love," with some friends on 7/22/12.  We purchased our tickets from the "Tix for Tonight" booth at the Fashion Show Mall.  I am glad we did this as we were able to trim off about $52 per ticket by doing so.  I have seen just about every Cirque show in Vegas:  KA, Zumanity, O, Mystere and this one kept me entertained the whole time!  (BTW, I fell asleep through parts of O and KA).  I was never really into Beatles music, but it didn't matter because the content of the show was very fun and filled with energy.  I just remember smiling throughout the show.  :)The performers are super talented and there is not a bad seat in the house.  If you still are debating which Cirque show to see my recommendation to you would be ,"GO SEE LOVE!"  My 2nd recommendation would be "If you don't want to see Love, go see ZUMANITY!"  :)
5	LOVE...Love...loveFantastic show and well worth the money! It had all the greatest hits by the beatles and their interpretation of each song was amazing...so creative!! One of the songs in particular were so memorable...I felt like I was dreaming in the skies.It is my favorite Cirque du Soleil show so far. The tickets are not bad and the theatre is great ( you can see anywhere you sit). I highly recommend this show! All the songs are great...even if you are not a Beatles fan...you'll recognize the songs and you'll love them after watching this show. It was top notch! As you listen to songs and watch the dancers...it felt a little psychedelic. It was a great experience and I would watch it again! Great imagination and very entertaining! BEST SHOW EVER!
5	Hard to lose with such a great soundtrack.  This is a really fun show that is perfectly paced.  It is more visually spectacular than acrobatically superior, though there are smatterings of athletic prowess that will not fail to amaze.  Come without any preconceptions of what a Cirque show "should be" and I'd be incredibly surprised -- actually, shocked -- if you fail to enjoy yourself.  In fact, if this occurs, write to me and explain how you came to be so humorless.
5	LOVEd this!  A VEGAS MUST SEE!What a fantastic experience! The dancers and acrobats are exceptionally talented!  I have never been a Beatles fan before, but was familiar with all of the songs chosen for the performance, and have been falling in LOVE with each of them for the last few weeks following the show.  I have seen other Cirque Du Soleil performances and enjoyed this one most by far!
2	PROS:Beatles musicCirque acrobaticsCONS:No real plot to the showAwful song-selectionPoor use of the circular stageStorytelling was a jumbled mess (similar to 2012 Summer Olympic opening ceremony)If they produced a Beatles-themed Cirque du Soleil show that was ANY good, it would be the biggest show in Vegas history.    The fact that you can usually buy heavily discounted tickets on the day-of should tell you everything you need to know.Do yourself a favor and go see Ka instead.
4	While I did not see the show my review is for the staff at the box office.  I wanted to treat my parents for their 45th wedding anniv and wanted to get tickets to the LOVE show.  The box office staff was very helpful in helping me pick the best day and seats for the show.  He helped me get a good price and told me where to drop off my parents.  The line to buy tickets was fast and the staff was great.
5	Amazing!
3	I have seen several Cirque du Soleil shows and this one was different: it was a lot less "circus" and a lot more "show". What I mean is that there was a lot more dancing than acrobatic stunts. This is not particularly a bad thing per-se, even though I always enjoyed the more 'circus' side of the show.The choreographies are spectacular, the music is, well, the Beatles (not a huge fan, but I have to admit even their least famous songs are catchy) and the artists do a good job on their stunts as well as dancing.As usual, the plot was not very clear and scenes seemed pasted together with an imperfect glue. However, if you love the Beatles, I am sure you will enjoy it.
5	Simply Amazing!! This show is a must see! Great music and great performances!!  LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!!!!
5	Absolutely fantastic!!!This show was worth my trip to Vegas. I am a huge Beatles fan, and loved the interpretations of all of the songs that I've been singing since I was young. This was my first Cirque show-- I've noticed that a lot of people seem bothered by the lack of acrobatics in the show, but that didn't bother me at all.We bought the super cheap seats in the very top row. Got there just prior to showtime, and they upgraded us to seats in the 4th row. The seats were great, but I can't really imagine that there's a bad seat in the house. In fact, at one point, I thought that I might have liked sitting a little further up because there was so much going on above me that I felt like I was looking all over the place and missing things.At any rate, there were four of us in my party, and for all of us, this was the highlight of our Vegas trip. I would definitely see it again!
3	Really, I would give this show a 3.5 out of 5, instead of just 3.  It's good, not great, but good.  For what we paid, we were just expecting a bit more of a lively show, with a lot more Beatles songs to sing along with. They played a handful, maybe 4 Beatles songs you could really sing along with.  They played of the slower psychedelic songs during the Cirque.  It's really a circus-opera set in a round auditorium.  The acrobats are quite talented but the show seemed to droll on at several points.  We found ourselves yawning several times. Glad we saw it, we can check Cirque du Soleil off of the list of things to see in Vegas.  I would not go see it again though.  We would have had a lot more fun seeing Human Nature again. They have the best show in Vegas period, in my opinion.
5	Quite honestly, nothing moves me more than a Cirque du Soleil show. This could possibly be the single motivation that brings me back to Vegas once a year. Love was a colorful showcase of the Beatles catalogue set to the whimsical set, dance, and acrobatics of CdS. The visual interpretation of their songs was stunning and truly moving. It makes me feel an overwhelming sense of pride that I was born in a time where such talent made an indelible mark on the music world with unparalleled cultural repercussions. (Ok, it was long before I was born, but in my lifetime). I would recommend this show to any Beatles or CdS fan. You will be moved. ALso, any seat is great as per all these shows, the venue is intimate. Love!! Love!! Love!!
4	BRAVO!!!!! If you are the Beatles fan, watch this show.  If you are not, then pick something else.  This show is dedicated for THE BEATLES FANS!  This was my first Cirque du Soleil show, and I really really enjoyed the set up and theme.  However, they didn't sing my favorite Beatles songs.
5	had an amazing experience! totally epic! took my dad for his birthday, he and i are fans of The Beatles! Fantastic opening of the show.. got teary eyed with the music selection... non stop action! This is a MUST to catch when you are in Vegas! totally seeing it on my next visit!
4	FINALLY!  A Cirque de Soleil show that's actually fun!Housed inside the Mirage resort, The Beatles Love is a breath of fresh air in the Las Vegas Cirque scene.  After seeing one too many Cirque shows that take themselves too damn seriously, I found Love to be a magnificent change of pace.Unlike most other Cirque shows, Love will have you bobbing your head and smiling from ear to ear.  Want to see a multicolored circus with outrageous costumes and dance routines, creative and elaborate props, impressive feats of strength, aerial rollerblading (!!!), trampolining (!!!!!) -- all set to a wicked awesome soundtrack of the Beatles' greatest hits, see Love.(On the other hand, are you In the mood for somber and generic-sounding New Age coupled with yawn-inducing acrobatics and costumes?  Then go to one of those *other* Cirque shows.)The "plot" -- if you can really call it that -- follows historical events very loosely, starting after WWII and ending in the 70s.   Each vignette flows seamlessly from the last in a way that's quite impressive.  I especially enjoyed seeing the silhouettes of John, Paul, George, and Ringo chime in every once in a while with amusing commentary and random chitchat lifted from their recording sessions.The theater is fantastic.  It's square-shaped, and all the sides have equally lovely views of the stage.  It's also small enough that everybody -- even those in the back row -- feel like they're part of the action.  (There's also a concession stand out front along with a well-stocked gift shop with Beatles stuff, but I skipped those.)My biggest gripe with Love is the lack of a live band.  If this show is really meant to be a tribute to the music of the Beatles, then simply setting it to recorded music feels like a cheap cop-out.  A live band covering the Beatles' music would really take this show to the next level.Despite that complaint, Love is still the best and most exhilarating Cirque show in Vegas.
2	After numerous suggestions to attend this show I must say my expectations must have built up to something the show itself couldn't deliver.  All three of us love the early Beatles and less prone to follow their later work, but still that music was beyond anything in its day (or even now).  Yet we all left shaking our heads and after this being our second Cirque show are questioning any attendance at others.  I will say we are not the "artsy-fartsy" type, so it's likely the performance aspect was just over our heads.  Nonetheless I was lucky to pick up advance ticket purchase pricing so that I don't feel I overspent on this show.It could also be that we had the opportunity to check one of the final presentations of "Phantom of the Opera" prior to this show and that performance simply blew us away!  Sorry to see it end.
5	The epitome of an amazing show. The best Cirque show, hands down and around. One of the best shows, period. And I've seen a LOT of shows in my lifetime. Aren't all Cirque shows the same, you may ask? The answer is no! This show focuses less on glorified circus tricks and brings more LIFE to the dances and acts, making the experience more REAL.'LOVE' is different. It is moving and meaningful. Set around the World War II period, the show really captures the mood of the era. The music is all the Beatles tunes you grew up singing and tapping your feet to. The performers' dances and acts are so easy to relate to and the room is flooded with such a heightened sense of emotion. The show is also so much FUN! There are many acts that completely blew my mind, and others filled me with such joy (some acts did both!).Unlike almost every show I've ever seen, every seat in the house IS a good seat. The theater is structured such that it has a very communal feel, and enhances that sense of community during the way cool audience participation section -- don't worry, it's nothing that puts you on the spot at all. During 'LOVE', I lost sense of time and thought (and hoped) it would never end. After leaving the show, I felt like I was walking on air.TIP: Although this show may be costly, it is definitely worth it. This is the #1 show I've ever attended in Vegas. For your reference, 2nd place goes to Avenue Q -- anything that erases lines of political correctness is awesome in my book!
4	This is one of the better Cirque shows. Like all permanent Cirque shows, the theater is amazing and you can see from everywhere. You do not need to pay top price for tickets. In off season, they usually have discount tickets or you get free seat upgrades. I enjoyed the music even though I'm not a die had Beetles fan. The show keeps you on the edge of your seat with a great mix of acrobatics, visual effects and music. The costumes are amazing. I highly recommend this show even if your not a major Beetles fan, it's the third best Cirque show in my opinion. The best being La Nouba in Orlando and Mystere at Treasure Island a close second.
3	Enjoyable show.  Good tribute.  But felt like it went a bit too long.  I've seen many of Cirque's shows over the years and often wind up feeling this way about their shows.  This is not the best Cirque show, but it's much better than some of the others.  I MAY take my mother to it- she LOVES the Beatles- but I'm concerned she'll be disappointed.  Otherwise, I don't intend to go back
5	If you like The Beatles, then you kind of have to see Love when you're in Las Vegas. Remastered and (slightly) remixed versions of the greatest songs from the greatest band of all time are brought to vivid, imaginative, beautiful, and sometimes emotional life by Cirque Du Soleil's talented cast of acrobats, dancers, and street performers in a colorful fest for the eyes and the ears. The way the Fab Four's music sounds through the speakers in The Mirage's custom built theater is worth the (admittedly pretty steep) price of admission alone.(Also, because I got a good deal on my seats from Tix4Tonight, that made the steep admission price a little more easy to swallow).A must-see for Beatle lovers of all ages.
5	Combine the music of the Beatles with the artistry and acrobatics of Cirque du Soleil and you get exactly what you expect- a fantastic show! Go see it! You'll LOVE it! :)
2	This was my first Cirque de Soleil experiences so I wasn't sure what to expect. Pros: You couldn't pick better musicSome of the acrobatic routines were amazing Cons: I couldn't figure out the story (if there was one, if not it needed one)It was all eye candy and had no meat; I needed some beef Conclusion.  You don't need anything to make the Beatles music better (including amazing artist and acrobats); just sit back pop in a cd and enjoy the music
5	Absolutely amazing show! Well worth the money.
5	Second time I have seen the show. And I can honestly say I would love to see it again. I love the Beatles and cirque de soleil. Combine the two and you have something I will love. I would recommed this to anyone.
5	I decided to buy tickets for the Beatles show LOVE as a gift for my parents because my Dad was a huge fan if the Beatles and I wanted him to experience Vegas more then just staying in the casino. My other option was Donnie and Marie at the Flamingo or Jersey Boys at the Palazzo but I decided to stick with Beatles at the Mirage. I wasn't a huge Beatles fan but I just wanted him to enjoy himself and enjoy the scenery out on the Vegas strip besides the Pai Gow, Blackjack, and video slots.The Love show is located inside the Mirage in the old Siegfried and Roy theater (1989 - 2003). The entrance had a 1960's psychedelic theme with the vibrant lights changing on the floor and ceiling makes you want to say the word "groovey". On the right side is the Beatles store where they can rake more money out of you but sadly it worked on me. :oThe showroom has 2 levels and the bottom part of the arena is the pricey and the upper level the more less expensive but the best section to watch the show is the middle section because you get a good view compared to the bottom and you get to be part of the show but not really part but I'll just shut my mouth now.The seating attendants are all dressed in LOVE show uniforms and give you programs for the show, the stage rotates like any other Vegas show I've seen like, Ka at MGM, Mystere at Treasure Island, Mama Mia at Mandalay Bay (Which was a fantastic show but is now gone) are just some examples if you have seen these kind of shows. The Beatles songs flow with the rhythm of the performers and the different scenes in order to capture the meaning of the song such as love, sorrow, pain, freedom, happiness and hope. In the end of the show, surely I have become a Beatles fan and even bought their album in iTunes and my parents loved the show and I chose. Also I'm glad my Dad didn't fall asleep during the show because the last shows he watched in Vegas were Phantom of the Opera and Ka, so I got my moneys worth here. I found promotion online on the Mirage website for the LOVE show, 2 tickets for $100 and a student price for 35% off, so I called that day and booked it and even got all 3 of us altogether. =)After the show ends, Revolution reps will be outside handling Love ticket holders with a, "Ticket to Ride"  2 for 1 drink coupon for the REVOLUTION Lounge but it's only good from 8pm - 10pm. The show was so good I decided to watch it the 2nd time with 30% discount for hotel guests but sadly I missed the first 20 minutes of the show because I was passed out on the seat. =\I highly recommend watching show or prepare to miss out!
4	For all the Cirque shows in Vegas I've been to, this was probably my least favorite.  Now before you start throwing stuff at me yelling "how could you" here is my reasoning.If you go into this show expecting a typical Cirque show, you aren't going to find it here.  Yes they have the usual tricks and stuff, but remember - this is a Beatles show more than a Cirque show.  It's more about the music, not the acrobatics.  The acrobatics is only there to complement the music.  So if you aren't a huge Beatles fan, pass on this one.
4	Very good show..for Cirque. Not a big Cirque fan but this tells the story of the Beatles and to me, the opening act was the best part. It starts quiet and explodes with music. Loved the use of the large curtains and images of the Beatles.The acrobatics are incredible. Simply amazing at the things these performers can do. Great show - Highly recommended.The only downside is if you are tall, the seats are pretty crowded, but thats the only bad part.
5	Whether you're a fan of the Beatles or not, go see this show.Great for a date.Great for a family.Great for a solo night to find yourself (huh?).You can spend countless hours reading reviews or you can take my advice and buy the damn tickets.Even better yet, start the night off at Kokomo's Steak and Seafood. They have combo packages for the two. Bam! Anniversary weekend complete.You can thank me later.
5	I love the Beatles so this show really does it for me. It's nice to see they changed some of the acts from when I first attended one of their soft openings. For example, during the soft opening they only played Blackbird for 5-10 seconds before they had an awful exchange between two people while staring at a dead blackbird on the ground. Now they play the whole song which is much nicer. If you like Cirque or the Beatles this is worth your time to attend.
5	Great show.... well worth it... get tickets really early they sell out fast. Fantastic for dates or that special occasion. It doesn't matter how many reviews you read, its one of does things that you have to witness and be a judge for yourself. I Loved the way they used allot of different curtains and entrances for the actors. every seat of the house is great. I'm not huge on the BEATLES but this is something i would love to see again...
5	There isn't much more that I can add except one word, amazing. If you ever get a chance to go, do it! *tip.. Check the Mirage website for discounts. Honestly the best seats are the cheaper seats. We sat in the very last row and could see everything perfectly as there is a lot going on.
5	I have seen this show 4 times.  I love this amazing show.  You can't possibly get a bad seat in this place. It's a round theatre. So much goes on you will get something out of it depending on what catches your eye. The energy is great. It's completely G rated this is such a great show for kids.  So enjoyable. A classic. Fun for ALL AGES!!
4	I've gone to several Cirque de Soleil shows, and at every single one of 'em at one point within the show I fell asleep. This is the only exception to that rule.  Granted as a disclaimer, I'm not much of a show nor theater type.This show was engaging and had the right pacing, so didn't have any boring lulls.  I'd recommend this to people who generally don't like shows, as well as to people who enjoy shows in Vegas. It appears there's also not a bad seat in the house, but the price differential for the more expensive seats to the cheaper ones is minimal enough where you could treat yourself to a guaranteed closer and unobstructed view.
4	Now when something is considered "girly", what are the official criteria for being "girly"?  As this may very well be a subjective matter, everyone can admit a few things that I will state do in fact shows that something is girly.  -That something has lots of pretty and cute stuff, usually in the bright colored variety.  Pretty, pink anything is magnets girl's eyes.  Why do you think the entire Barbie universe is all pink?  I highly doubt an Emo-Barbie dressed in black with all kinds of pierces and hair over her face would sell.     -There has to be a lot of singing and dancing involved.  Ever watched an episode of Glee?  I have, and it's not my cup of tea.  Glee is the perfect example of a "girly" television show.  -Boy bands are most definitely "girly".  I thought they were a fad.  Since realizing little girls now idolize this band called One Direction (unless that's already past), I found out boy bands aren't extinct.  Back when I actually paid attention, it was New Kids on the Block (on their way out), Backstreet Boys, and N Sync that were the popular ones.  I admit...I did like some of those songs.    This brings me to this Cirque du Soleil, Beatle's Love.  The show is an eclectic mixture of their songs with acrobats and dancers moving around all over the stage.  Dancing, oh yes, there was a lot of dancing.  Singing you ask?  Throughout the show, they bring you through series of historical backdrops played out by song.  Coloring of it all was magnificent, and yes, there were a lot of bright colors.  As one of the most popular bands ever, they were arguably the best boy band ever.  Songs sung then are still very contemporary to the ear.  One big difference between this boy band and any after them is that they actually sang some songs with meaning.  It wasn't just about the lovey, dubey bull.  Every seat in the theatre is a good seat.  The stage is right in your face and the performance is very intimate.  For hardcore Beatles fans, this is a must.  For casual fans the enticing visuals will pull you in.  Though I didn't recognize every song, as a music fan it was a head bobbing good time.  All the "girly" song and dance choreography gelled with the stage design wonderfully.  If saying I liked this Call me "girly" if you'd like, but the show was fulfilling.
5	I absolutely loved this show!!  Now I want to see all the cirque du soleil shows. :)
5	AWESOME...can't wait to do it again!!
4	this show was amazing, i didnt know a lot of the songs, however the ones i did was great, and now i appreicate beatles more! the show was amazing because where ever you sit you get to see the show, im glad i sat up top too, cause there is apart where a huge cloth goes over the bottom row which is cool cause you get to play with it, but you miss out on the show on the top.  i got my tickets on groupon , or one of those coupon things, i have a bunch of them, show was only $80 including the service fees and tax! i would give it a 5 star, however these older ladies in front of us decide to CUT us and then we called them out politely, however they decided to exchange really really really rude words, i am glad i was not drunk enough to put these ladies in place.  show is call LOVE, not lets CURSE ... overall show amazing everyone has to see it, and there are no bad seats! oh yea i bought a shirt from there for $44 bucks, kinda pricy , however i wanted it from there, ... again however make sure the shirt says you were there, my just says beatles hahaha fail
5	Extraordinary. Uses real Beatles music, not covers. High energy, hard to keep up with everything. Has a continuing recurrence of the four of them in silhouette which humanized and added a little humor. Really enjoyed this. Would love to see it again.
5	Upon entering the venue, bright lights and neon colors invite you into what is the prequel to the amazing Beatles Cirque du Soleil show. We stopped to get beverages beforehand and noticed the drink menu items were named after popular Beatles. Made me want to try every Beatles influenced cocktail!!! We got the Hello Goodbye beverage along with a pina colada (cuz I wanted something cold and sweet). You can add a shot for $4 into your beverages ($12 12oz or $17 32oz). The pina colada was VERY sweet but also very strong. So be forewarned if you're a lightweight. The bar lines are ridiculous. Took us at least 20 minutes to get two beverages. The staff were excellent. They were able to direct us efficiently to our seats before the show started (we only had a 2 minute window before the show started).Seating is easy to find and the auditorium has a 360 degree view, so ANY seat has a good view. I have to say the farther you're seated the better because you will be able to see the entire show from a higher view. The production is amazing. The story line was entertaining and about...LOVE! The performers were excellent and their human strength inspires me. My favorite scene was the chain of bubbles which reminds me of how effervescent the Beatles are and will be for ever. I also want a freaking bubble piano in my house now because it'll definitely be a conversation starter.I am also considering a career change and joining cirque du soleil. Wish me luck guys!!! I highly recommend seeing this show. They have daily deals (50% off tickets), so just call and ask! :)
3	yes, i know this is a low review for this show, but i think it will actually help others like myself. i agree with another reviewer completely that this is definitely more of a beatles show than a cirque show. if you are not a huge beatles fan, i think some of the other cirque shows i've seen are much more impressive, especially O. Although I like the Beatles, I don't think I was able to appreciate the history as much. I was definitely one of the younger folks at the show and I am 35. Everything was good, just not great for me. Also, i felt like the show lacked focus. You  often don't know where you should be looking because there's so much going on everywhere. but i think that's so all the seats have something to look at.all in all, a good show, but I think you need to really appreciate the Beatles for it to be great.
4	I have always been a big fan of Cirque du soleil.  I have watched KA, Iris, Elvis, and I love all of them.  I have a big expectation from the Beatles LOVE, since the reviews are very good.Although the show is not bad, it is missing something.  I feel that it is missing a plot.  Yet the music and the performance are fabulous.If you are a fan of Beatles, I will recommend it.
3	I wasn't sure if I should review this, because I thought it was so-so.  Everyone raves about it.  Everyone else in our Group loved it.  I thought it was weird.  The music was good.  The actors were impressive.  I was falling asleep.  Getting into the theater was a production and the drinks / snack line was super long.   Just not a "show" guy.
5	I love the Beatles more than life itself.  With that in mine what do you think i think about this show?????
5	Fantastic. Amazing, amazing show!!!
5	This review was long over do. I wish I had reviewed this a few years back when I had went to it.You have 2 amazing things here... Cirque du Soleil and the Beatles, how can you go wrong?? Well you can't. This has to be one of my top favorite Cirque du Soleil show's I have ever seen. If you only see 1 Cirque show, this MUST be the one. So if you're yelping for reviews on Cirque shows in the area, this is it.It has it all a story, great performances, great stage, and to top it off....... BEATLES MUSIC!!If I lived in the area and didn't only visit once a year, I would definitely see this show more often.
5	Out of all the Cirque shows in Vegas, THIS is the best one to see! I'm a local & I've seen in 3 times. There is not a bad seat in the house. There is a point in the show where the lower half of the audience is covered for about a minute. Whether you are or are not a Beatles fan you will love this show! This show has so much I can't name it all, but you will love it all!If you're a local don't forget to mention it when you go to the box office to get a discount. Right now they are doing a special on 11/18 at a special pricing!
5	an AMAZING show!great music (speakers on every seat and in front of you)! great for everyone, whether youre a beatles fan or not (but c'mon how could you not be?!) There is so much to see. Visuals up, down, below, everywhere along with a great cast and great music, you cannot go wrong. You will be surprised and in awe..guaranteed! Such a feel good performance. Oh yes, and not a bad seat in the house. And yes, I was all the way at the top!Creative genius. A must see in vegas!
3	: /If you're a huge Beatles fan, you will love this show. If you're a huge Cirque du Soleil fan, you will be just a wee bit disappointed.This is more of an interpretive visual feast of the Beatles discography cleverly edited together, following the eras of music in England. Don't expect jaw-dropping acrobatics or shocking shows of strength and agility. My fiance and I were feeling VERY frustrated in the first 20 minutes because the show felt more like an off-broadway dance revue with lots of hydraulics and bungee cords, than the usual amazing feats of humanity that we've come to expect of Cirque shows.Once we realized that the show was more of an artful, visual performance for the senses, we relaxed, accepted the fact that we wouldn't be seeing any super-human skills, and allowed ourselves to get lost in the visual spectacle.But that's all it was: Spectacle. No substance. The show depends so heavily on Beatles music, whereas the choreography is not very imaginative at all. (On the same level of what you'd expect to see during the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade.) I usually leave Cirque shows feeling "elevated" and inspired. But I left this one feeling misled. Don't get me wrong, there were points that were lovely, and parts that were fun, but overall this is not a Cirque show, but a psychedelic 3D jukebox.
3	I have seen almost all of the Cirque du Soleil shows and this one is nothing special. Gotta love the Beatles but dont expect to see anything you havent seen before.
5	This show is the most amazing thing I have ever seen in my life! For frame of reference allow me to give examples of things I have seen that cannot compete with this show:-Assisted with childbirth-Watched numerous car accidents in progress (three with fire involved)-Seen people tased in real life-Done CPR, brought back a few-Seen bad people arrested and good people savedThe point being, this show is so much cooler than anything I can ever imagine. It was truly mind-blowing. To the cast, please let me say you are all amazing artists. YOU are what makes this show. I hope you read this and share with your peers how much what you do means to us. Seeing your dancing and precision is truly inspiring, especially for those of us with two left feet. The music was incredible, the dancing and performance incredible. It was just wondrous. I only wish I could afford to take everyone I know there, because I can't think of anyone who wouldn't be blown away by your performance. When I win the Powerball this week, I will contact the show and try and get a private performance for me and a  few hundred pals.Thanks Cirque du Soleil- LOVE. The world is a better place for this show being in existence.
5	If you see this show and at no point you find yourself filled with child-like wonder, you have no soul. This was incredible. You know how people say things are awesome and they really aren't awesome, it's just people overusing the word 'awesome?' This show is ACTUALLY full on awesome. It takes the human experience we all share of those weird dreams that make no sense and then taps into it to make it a shared and live experience for everyone. They somehow manage to bend reality and not in a half-assed kind of way. It's reality bent and twisted into a surreal experience capturing the essence of every Beatles song played. This was my first Cirque show and I hope they are all this fantastic.
5	These performers have mastered the craft of making difficult and dangerous stunts look remarkably easy.  The score and art direction of this show is the best I've seen.  The only complaint is that I need to return at least twice more to catch all of the action!
5	YES! I finally got to experience this fabulous show. Being as the Beatles remain my all time favorite band I have been wanting to see this show forever. And i was not disappointed. We had seats in the front row but up on a ledge. I personally think this could have been the best seats in the house. The portray  of the Beatles era was spot on. The dancers were very talented. My favorite set had to be to the song Strawberry Fields Forever. The entire room went red and they had an array of various performers blowing all different types of bubbles. it was visually arousing. There was also an awesome guest interaction they put a huge white sheet over the crowd and pastel colors shown through. I highly recommend seeing this show. Especially if your a Beatles fan.
5	Seats do not matter in this small, intimate auditorium.  See it all from the balcony/less expensive seats or get intimate with more expensive seats.
5	We were extremely impressed with the performances, the production value, and vantage view of the entire show!!!
3	The show was entertaining, but reallyyy confusing :( I seriously had no idea what was going on... lots of WTF moments.  The music was great, of course, but the storyline was so hard to follow!  If you are a Beatles lover, this is a must-see of course, but if not, I think this is a Cirque show that you can miss.
5	Ive seen pretty much every show in las vegas. From the crappiest one where I wanted to hang myself or go "Michael Meyers" on the cast, to the best one where I can go back again , again and again.Love is spectacular. Not only because it's a cirque show, but because the vibe it gives you. You leave the show happy, thinking you can actually change the world (of course this spell goes away as soon as you hit the tables and get a couple scotchs on the rocks).The theater is very nice. Everyone that works is dressed up to match with the show. Everyone is wearing some kind of old school british outfit. One thing I don't understand is why people rush through the doors. The place is seat assigned and it doesn't matter if you get there 20 minutes early or right on time. Seriously it reminds me of the lion king scene where mufasa dies. Weird how people still do this nowayds isn't it?When the show starts you inmediatly get summerged in the whole experience. As usual when you go to a ciruqe show, keep your eyes wide open and look all around you as things are happeing all over the place. But the main story is in the center of course. This accompanied with the best beatles songs gives the show a feeling. First its sad, then funny, then love(no pun intended), then war, thenhate, etc I meanhonestly you are in a trip through England since the beginning of the last century. The music makes it extra special.Tickets are not cheap, but you can sometimes find some good deals online. But even if you pay full priceit totally worth it. The cirque experience is a magnificent one and if you are a beatles fan this is definetly the show for you. Ive seen the show plenty of times and can tell you that it made me feel good every single one of them.So all you need is LOVE......and money to buy the tickets ..then you ll be all set..
3	I love The Beatles and I love Cirque Du Soleil, so why didn't I love this show?  Maybe my expectations were too high after seeing some other Cirque shows and combining The Beatles with that.  But, at least you're guaranteed to hear some good music!I felt the show as a whole lacked focus.  The set, lighting, and props were more impressive than the show itself....they were amazing actually!  The show just fell flat for me in terms of story and acts.  The first few songs had way too much going on.  I felt like I was watching the opening ceremony of the London Olympics.  I had no idea what was going on and what I was looking at.  It was a little too chaotic for my taste.I also love watching Cirque Du Soleil shows for the unique, jaw dropping acts they have.  They didn't have anything that wowed me in this show.  Lots of dancing and some aerial stunts, but nothing new.  I'll give them mad props for the visual effects though.  The 360 view was well thought out, so there isn't a bad seat.  I REALLY wanted to LOVE this show, but I can't say that I did.
5	From the beginning, I was floored. I've seen many of the other Cirque shows and each of them has a different flavor that I've found great appreciation for. In this show, it start off very solemn, then out of no where it EXPLODES. People running around the middle, acrobats literally falling from the sky. They wanted to start this one off with a bang, and they do an amazing job of it.Some of the characters take a little bit of knowledge regarding the time period Beatles music is set in as well as the historical events happening then. Beyond that, every song has something you can easily connect with.The is one act which I still can't believe I saw. There is a guy on a platform at the top, and its rotating all the way round. He keeps doing these mid air jumps and staying on the platform without any wires. Crazy!Whether you're a Beatles fan or not, this performance will amaze you and be a great highlight of your Vegas trip.NOTE: Show is probably even better if you're drunk.
5	This was our sixth Cirque show and it was awesome! I'm going to include this first so you don't waste your money on seat upgrades: the floor seats aren't the best seats in the house. Don't spend the $200+ per ticket because you'll actually miss some of the performers. We had the very last row and loved our seats- which I know sounds strange but let me explain. When you click on the seating for the stadium, the stage looks huge. However, the show is divided up into four stage sections so that each section gets it's own show for the most part. Also- the stadium seating is extremely steep so even the back row is closer than you would ever expect. The show has so many performers, and a lot going on in the air above the seats past the stage- this is what you wouldn't see if you were in the front section because this would all be behind you. OK, the show itself is long and there is no intermission so get your drinks and bathroom breaks in before hand. We weren't sure what to expect, but the story covers the entire history of the Beatles, which is very cool, but a little depressing during a few parts. Confetti falls from the ceiling at a couple different parts and there is never a dull moment as there were several stage changes and continuous music. It was almost sensory overload. We weren't sure about spending more than the usual cost for the traveling shows, but honestly it's a completely different experience (starting with the more comfortable seats) and I would recommend going.
5	This show is spectacular and well worth the price or sitting through horrible time share presentations. I'm not a huge Beatles fan, but I was really blown away and had no idea how many Beatles songs I truly enjoy. The theater is small and intimate allowing you to really experience the show... especially with the out of this world surround sound system.
5	I must say, I have never been a huge Beetles fan.  ALthough I love the Cirque Du Coleil shows, which is why I decided to see this one.  The show was great.  The music matched perfectly to the events happening on stage.  I enjoyed this more than most of the other Soleil shows and Im telling you, you will not be dissapointed.  I recommend purchasing your tickets in advance.  While int he long line to get in, over 60 people were on a standby line trying to get in.  Not many of them made it.
4	The Beatles show was amazing seen it September! If you come to Vegas see the Beatles show it's good it had a lot of good music things going on in it. My favorite part is when they did the all white blanket and the bubbles and the back flip with the rollerblades was cool. But I could go on and on but you have to go see it for yourself!!!
5	Ah.....LOVE.  This was one of the epic moments I was looking forward to while in Vegas.  If there was one Cirque show we were going to - this was it.  I purchased tickets well in advance to secure our seats, and the tickets were expensive but definitely did not feel like we missed out by purchasing the tickets priced mid-range vs. the ones down front.  The stage is unique and very busy.   Once the show begins - there are people and moving parts flying all over the place.  There are a lot of great props, outfits, stage sets, characters...lighting and sound.  LOVE is a sensory overload on all fronts.  Honestly, I don't feel as though you have to be an avid Beatles fan.  I am a moderate fan, but the show and music create such a unique theatrical environment.  Being a Beatles lover is not a requirement.  It seemed to go by so quickly and had that....what just happened stare in my eyes after the finale was over.  Just a great show to experience.  If having trouble selecting which Cirque show to attend - put LOVE at the top of the list.  Put some extra monies aside to cover those tickets - you will thank me later.  This is a definite must for hardcore Beatles lovers.
5	If you're a huge Beatles fan, you will love this show. If you're a huge Cirque du Soleil fan, you might feel a lil' bit disappointed? But I guarantee this, you will definitely appreciate the artistic value of the show and what it's goal was..and that was to pay homage to one of the most influential bands in the history of music. Since I have been a life long Beatles fan, I was very curious as what I should expect? And then my wife literally said, "Let It Be!" , and I did...I just relaxed and let go of any expectations from any other show that had seen in the past. Once the music began, I was knocked into the back of my seat.The audio and visual presentation is awesome. In addition to the theaters dynamic audio system, you have high end audio speakers that are embedded in the headrest of your very comfortable theater chairs, plus the seats that are in front of you have the speakers directed towards you as well!  The main body of the show starts off very solemn,  and as the crescendo builds....it EXPLODES on to the scene with a re-mastered version of "Get Back". With performers  dancing and running around the middle of the stage, skaters skating, and acrobats literally falling and flying from the sky.....Whew! I was on a high like no other!  My wife was used to listening to the Beatles only through me...strangely enough she quickly became a fan of the Beatles after the show. But I almost think that she was overwhelmed...it was kinda cute, but she kept saying, Hey D, I know that song!  They creators of this show wanted to start this one off with a bang, and they do an OUTSTANDING job of doing it!  You cannot help appreciate the genius not only of Lennon and McCartney, but the FAB FOUR are a part of music history and this was just a way that Cirque du Soleil was able to pay tribute to their contributions to the music, not of their own generation, but all that followed!  Just a fabulous show....so good we decided to take our daughters to this show next spring! I can hardly wait...!
5	All You Need Is "LOVE"By Kelly VohnnPicture yourself in a seat at the Mirage, with curtains around looking like marmalade skies.  Somebody calls you, you answer quite cheerful, the clowns mime their way and soar incredibly high. I know, I know, I'm a little corny.  You can't tell me you've never heard of Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds...  The Beatles timeless music has lasted through the decades and acquired many new fans young and old alike.  If you weren't a huge fan of the Beatles before seeing Love, afterwards you will walk away with a whole new appreciation for everything that they have contributed to the music industry.  The band that took America by storm introduced a whole new look and era which opened the doors for a refreshing change in the music industry.  Their ever changing music grew more popular every generation. Cirque du Soleil went out on a stretch and coupled popular music to their world renowned human circus shows.  Love is my second favorite Cirque show.  You'll eventually find out my first.  Cirque has uniquely interpreted each hit the Beatles ever made making you sit on the edge of your seat during the whole production.  They really tried to appeal to a younger audience with astonishing aerial performances, the remarkable extreme sports and incredible urban freestyle dance.I was escorted to my seat by a heavy set girl with a British accent wearing psychedelic British police clothes.  All the ushers had British accents.  One of Cirques signature trade marks is that they will search the world for the right cast and encourage foreigners to enhance their productions.  They use 60 international artists in Love.  I find their use of music very lulling and entrancing in most Cirque shows.  Where as Love brought back childhood memories and I was singing along to some of the tunes.  They mesh in a tribute to the Fab Four using panoramic visual and surround sound in the Mirages custom built theatre.  The end leaves a delightful longing to learn more about The Beatles and to appreciate them. Of course you have your Cirque du Soleil die hards who believe that using words AND pop songs with a Cirque show is unacceptable.  I say things change and when they do we should embrace them.  It was very different from all of the other Cirque shows I've seen and I really enjoyed it.
5	If you like their music (and if you don't you're (unamerican), then get a huge $20 ( 4 shot) drink, and enjoy the show. Had a great time. We might have been the youngest in our row by about 20-30 years, but everyone was having a great time.
5	Can I give this show more than five stars? It was THAT good!! I saw this for the second time last week and it was, like the first time, amazing.The lights, acrobatics, dancing, costumes, Beatles songs (mashed up and remixed), and dialogue all come together to form the perfect tribute to the greatest band in the world. If you're a hardcore Beatles fan you'll be in a state of nostalgia and if you're a newbie (I doubt there are any) you will be turned on to the music of this talented group.My favorite segments of the show are the slower ones: "Here Comes the Sun," "While My Guitar Gently Weeps," "Something," etc. Those are the parts where you really get to see just how intricate and effortless the acrobatics are. (Having the guy without his shirt on during "Something" is not too shabby either).The show has been going on for five years, and with good reason. It's incredible. You have to go see it! Just the box office is enticing enough to make you want to go because of the neon colored walkway, Beatles sign, Beatles music playing overhead, and the gift store full of Beatles memorabilia (mousepads, anyone?).You will NOT be disappointed, I promise!
5	Art interpretation of Beatles song at its best.
5	Amazing show, performers are amazing, lights and tech aspects are also fantastic! I highly recommend LOVE!
2	I would describe this as underwhelming.  Considering the absurd price point, I expected a mind blowing experience, but this was not that.  Someone was given a task to create a cirque experience with beatles music, but their heart was not in it.  At best, this was a litelarist interpretation.  Lady madonna mentions "boots", so everyone dances with rubber boots.  Lucy in the sky has a spakly woman on a rope.  When a literalist interpretation was impossible (hey jude, etc), they just had random dancing.  The best word here is uninspired.  Go see something less hyped.
3	Pretty expensive and not terribly original.  I didn't really see a clear theme, other than obviously Beatles music.  As usual talented performers.  But in my opinion not worth the ticket price.  If you really want to go then try half price ticket provider.  I would vote for the Absinthe show if you are up for raunchy.
5	Beautiful! I love Cirque du Soleil but sometimes I get a little sleepy towards the end. Not Love. I was wanting more and more. The person next to me had to hate me because I was rocking out! Just a beautiful work of art!Cheers!
5	The show makes me cry and haunts my dreams, in the best way ever. The remixed Beatles songs were masterfully done with the highest respect. The interpretations of each song were wonderfully done, and the characters, oh, the characters. We have gold circle tickets right where everything (like the giant screens) was dead center, and I cannot tell you, it blew my mind, you could interact with the performers almost. It make me fall in love with The Beatles all over again. Not gonna lie - I recommend smoking mary jane beforehand (if you do that sort of thing). The psychedelic bits really pop when under the influence. Any way - straight, drunk, high, whatever - its completely magnificent.
5	Fantastic. This show is appropriate for anyone as there is are a variety of spectacles occurring throughout the ninety minute show. Acrobatics, music, visual art, historical references and social commentary. Very pleased to have finally made it to Cirque. Note: This show would be particularly amazing for a Beatles fan (duh) or a babyboomer (parents cough cough).
5	Caveat - I grew up listening strictly to oldies. Specifically, the Beatles. I've owned every Fab Four album and can sing along with any song. Needless to say, I was completely bowled over with this show. True, this Cirque show is different than others. The focus is equally on the music as it is on the acrobatic feats, and for many Cirque-lovers, that might not cut it. But if you love Cirque AND The Beatles, there is really nothing better. The music and moves are so artfully and remarkably paired that it is non-stop amazing-ness from the thrilling moment it begins until this sad moment it ends.So many people have already summed up this show beautifully, so let me conclude with my favorite acts:1) For the Benefit of Mr. Kite - amazing circus tricks, particularly the dude at the very top on the big hamster wheel thing. I was on the edge of my seat for the entirety hoping and praying he wouldn't fall to his death because those feats he performed were just too incredible. 2) HELP - with the roller skaters! so, so, so much fun.3) Octopus' Garden - whimsical and lovely, loved the giant floating jellyfish.4) Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds - any act with the aerial silks is just beautiful, but this one really was the most magnificent display of elegance.I sat in the back row but the surround-seating layout of the theatre made it seem like a very intimate performing area, so don't be disappointed if those are the only seats you can score.
3	The Cirque people know how to put on a good show and if you are a Beatles fan you will enjoy this presentation. The music sounds amazing. The cast is energetic and you will have a hard time knowing what to look at because there is just so much to see. There are some very moving moments in the show - I've seen it twice and loved both performances. Now let's talk about the problem. The Cirque security team, ushers, bouncers and the like are all poorly-trained, power-hungry, Paul Blart Mall Cop types. Another way to describe them is "thuggish." They were rude to me and my guest both times I went to the show. If you go to the early show they really want to rush you out of there quickly. I was trying to buy gifts in the gift shop when some ape steps in front of me and ropes off the back entrance. He says I have to move on. I asked him if I could simply cross the rope that 10 seconds ago wasn't there. He put his hand in my chest and said no - it was "for my own safety." What he really meant was "This is MY power. This is my chance to pretend I am somebody and I get to tell you what to do." It was silly, unnecessary and downright off-putting. I wasn't drunk (hadn't had one drink,) I was dressed in a suit and tie, I wasn't causing trouble but was run out of there (like anyone else who had the bad luck to be trying to spend money in the gift shop) like I was a deadbeat. I won't be back. Ever. If you want to go visit the gift shop, my advice is go before the show. And watch out for the so-called "security." It's easy to spot them - they are the typical wannabe cops that couldn't get a job with Metro so they play Barney Fife at the Cirque show and pretend they are bad-asses. If you do go to the early show do some workouts the week before you go. Then prepare to do some wind sprints down the hallway the second the show is over because they WILL run you out of there like it or not - and they won't be polite about it.
5	My all-time favorite Cirque show ever!! I don't even know that many Beatles songs but the beautiful choreography and presentation brought tears to my eyes. It's such a touching and meaningful story and they managed to utilize the stage and entire theater in the most engaging way. You will leave with a smile on your face and a full heart. I can't recommend this show enough!
3	My boyfriend will be shocked that I only gave the show three stars (he took me to the show).  Now don't get me wrong, Every time I see a Cirque show I realize my limitations as a sub-average human being with sub-basic intelligence and creativity with a "k".  The set design, creativity and talent on display in any Cirque show are always incredibly beautiful, leaving us to wonder, 'How the hell did they do THAT?'  The stage for this show was a basic X design, large "curtains" with projected images of the Beatles members tell a little story, which is sometimes followed up by the performers on stage.Unlike a typical Cirque show which will have people floating, flying, hanging and gyrating in mid-air, this show combines the floaty elements with a lot of singing and dancing - in other words, a typical Vegas show.  Except, typically Cirque.  For a Vegas show, Cirque certainly delivers.  But if you're looking for a more traditional Cirque du Soleil with death-defying stunts that will leave you cross-eyed, this is not the show for you.  This show is about the music and legend of the Beatles all told in a beautiful and sometimes touching way.  Even if you're not a Beatles fan you'll love the story and the display.  But if you're a die-hard Cirque fan, you might feel a little disappointed.
5	is you like the Beatles don't just sit there  RUNit was great better then stupid peepshow with coco loleven though the tickets were comped i would have paid make sure you get the right seats here !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!as i was warned thank god i took their advice    closer is not always better there is so much action its over whelming up close you wont see more then 65% of the show   you have to sit up a bit and slightly angled.Im 33 years old i really wasn't a part of the Beatles era but i felt as though i was a part of it. I will have to back again!      also sometimes locals can get half off pricing which is a good thing if your in vegas as often as i am and well you know locals god save the queen ?!?  haha
5	A total trip for every single sense.  There was so much going on, you could not help but pay attention and immerse yourself in the show.  The cirque performers were amazing and the choreography could not have been more perfect for each song.  There is not a bad seat in the house! The show really draws you in and keeps you there. I would love to see it again.
1	The show started in spectacular fashion, but after literally 3 minutes a voice announced that there would be a temporary suspension. After half an hour they announced it was cancelled "for technical reasons". Yet they said there would be a later show, no problem. As it was the main reason we had come to Las Vegas and as this was our last night, we ended up spending a lot of money for very little result. They handled the cancellation very efficiently, which mad me wonder HOW OFTEN THIS HAPPENS. Beware - you may be disappointed, and it makes me wonder if this happens with other Cirque du Soleil shows.
3	I don't like the Beatles music so don't kill me. The songs honestly put me to sleep, especially if I'm tired. Some people love the show even if they're not a fan of the Beatles, but it just doesn't apply to me.Granted, depending on how many Cirque shows you've seen, your opinion will differ. If it's a first Cirque show, or even their first acrobatics show, this'll probably blow their mind.It's just not my thing. Each specific Beatles song has choreography made just for that song so all the action is in relation to the song and how Cirque interprets it. All the music is digitally remastered (or something along those lines - don't remember well from the backstage tour) so no one is singing live, as opposed to some of the other Cirque shows.I've watched this a total of 3 times and it's honestly not my thing, but if you're a Beatles fan, I'd recommend it. Heck, if you want this to be your first Cirque show, go for it; you'll enjoy it a lot more than I, someone who's watched all the Cirque shows in Vegas. A lot of people honestly love this show (they've watched like 8+ times).AS FAR AS BUYING TICKETS/PRICES:There are multiple avenues to buying tickets but if you need to switch your seats later or need some sort of accommodation (maybe you need a different day or you have some sort of emergency), then you'll want to buy it directly from the Mirage / MGM Resorts. If you're going to buy it from a third party vendor (kiosks or non-mirage websites), you're out of luck for that for the most part, even if they are cheaper. However, the counter sometimes offers discounts and it doesn't hurt to ask what the discount for the day is. Sign up for the MLIFE players card and you get discounts & points for buying tickets. Military, student, & hotel guests also get discounts. You just have to ask for it. BE NICE to the reps because they're the ones showing & giving you the seats.
2	First things first, had I not seen Absinthe the night before, I may have been more impressed with Love.  I am a huge fan of the Beatles and was slightly disappointed in this production.  My biggest complaint would be that at times there was just entirely too much going on at the same time.  If that is part of the Cirque formula, it didn't work for me.  It is however quite an extravagant show.  The choreography and acrobatics are excellent, but at times it just didn't go with the music. I can see the allure to this show, and it is definitely family friendly if you need an age appropriate show.  I guess having seen the Fab Faux several times has jaded me when it comes to Beatles shows.
5	As you wait in line for Beatles Love to start, you feel the energy of the Beatles within. The pre show environment, from the music, to the surrounding decor, to the awesome fans, help create excitement and anticipation for the show to begin.  You can't get a bad seat in the 360 degree auditorium. Whether you are seated in the lower level section or the upper level, every seat in the auditorium gives you a different perspective. I've seen this show three times and I plan on watching it many more times.  It's AMAZING!  I didn't want to blink my eyes because I was scared I would miss something! The performers did an awesome job. Very talented and oh sooo entertaining! I highly recommend this cirque show to everyone!BEWARE: do not use any flash photography or a British guard may harass you :/ Enjoy!
3	The Beatles LOVE by Cirque is a great time, whether you're a fan of the source material or not. I was not overly familiar with Cirque prior to attending the show, but from the very beginning, I was drawn into the spectacle and figuring out how it all worked. However, with all of the outrageous leaping, flying, and group dancing numbers, it was the songs with five or fewer people on stage that really impressed me, especially the heartbreaking "Something."Something that I don't appreciate about Vegas shows, or perhaps this is Cirque in general, is that patrons are free to come and go from the auditorium throughout the show, (using the walkway entrance used by performers in the show,) and latecomers were seated throughout the first half of the show. This is just rude to the performers and your fellow audience members.
4	I went to see this show while in Vegas. We were two couples and a seventeen-year-old high school exchange student. The show was perfect for everyone. The volume was perfect, the seats are very comfortable (which is important when you're moving around so much to look at everything that is going on), and the performers cannot be beaten.Without giving anything away I'll say that in the beginning I was a little overwhelmed. My husband looked over and said, "I don't know where to look!" But eventually we all kind of fell into a rhythm for watching. There is LOTS going on.My favorite selections were "Strawberry Fields" and "Revolution" but all of it was brilliant. There was one section before "Lady Madonna" that struck me as racist, or at least insensitive, but I can be hypersensitive. While I am NOT a fan of contemporary dance, I loved the acrobatics - both the actual feats and the variety. The costumes were amazing... There was a dress and also a skirt/sweater combo I was tempted to sneak into the dressing room and steal. The entire show is very colorful and over the top and the costumes highlight the songs and performances. Truly brilliant although the curtain call is awkwardly long.So why take off a star? There is a section of the show when part of the audience, those in the premium seats, miss an entire number due to being covered by a prop. I found that ridiculous. Also, I get completely freaked out by being covered, I like to have my face in the open. I have no idea what happened for a full number of the show and that's kind of sad. Because it was so good!
1	Im giving it a 1 star but you may not all agree with that. If your a beetles fan you may love it. Other wise its a vomit of color and repetitive flips with annoying music that has long since been outdated. Yes Im sorry hipsters but we all have to admit that the beetles aren't as good as you claim they are. maybe in our parents generation. So if you a beetles fan or a hipster that pretends to be one go you may like it. If you are not STAY AWAY!!
5	LOVE IT! Second time seeing it! With the kids this time :)Well, after seeing this for the second time, we decided that we liked our higher up in the balcony area seating better last time. (You can see a lot more of the action) :) We LOVE Cirque du Soleil and will be seeking out more of their shows til we see them all! And again too! :)
5	This was one of the best experiences of my life! A must see show for sure.
5	Another excellent Cirque show. Surprise, surprise! This one was so much fun. It really felt like a party! The performers have SO much energy and they really get the audience to feel it with them. Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds was my favorite part. Everyone who is a part of Cirque exhibits such effortless talent, it's truly amazing. They are perfectionists for sure and just simply the best of the best. The bar at this show also offers fun drinks like "Hard Day's Night," and there's tons of Beatles/Love apparel available for purchase. The whole show is like a really great dream slash party...it just takes you to another planet!
5	After dinner we venture to Mirage where we see the Cirque du Soleil "Love" show celebrating The Beetle's and their contribution to the music world.  The 60s' and The Beetles are very well represented here through dance and a wide array of visual splendor.  As usual for Cirque du Soleil, the dance and performances are seemingly (amateur opinion) choreographed and executed flawlessly.  A skateboarding ramp is utilized by the four Beetle's characters who wear shoes with concealed wheels.  Throughout the show there is a "lonely guy" (Sgt. Peppers Lonely Heart Band) who keeps missing out on love throughout the performance.  There are long sheer panels of cloth with illusions of the former band members and they seem to come to life with old vocal recordings of their dialogue playing in the background.  This proved to be especially poignant for Bella as she was unfamiliar with nearly every Beetle's song but found herself moved to the point of cloudy eyes by the shows finale tunes of "Hey Jude" and "With a Little Help From my Friends" from the "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Heart Band" album.  Truth be told, I'd forgotten how many truly great songs The Beetles had until I heard them all in one sitting.
5	If any show should be on a person's bucket list, this should be it.  Because the ticket prices are at the high-end, I could only afford seats in section 208 but I recommend booking the upper level.  Much of the show takes place above the audience so our seats were perfect.  Even one part of the show involves the whole audience and our seats again provided a superior vantage point.  So a couple of thoughts to help you if considering this show.  It is not a Beatles tribute with acrobatics.  It is a Cirque Du Soleil show set to the Beatles music.  The difference?  The performers are still the focal point (vs. the Michael Jackson show which was a tribute to MJ performed by Cirque Du Soleil). Second, for this show it is as if they have taken movie special-effects and brought them to a live audience (in terms of the sets, scene changes, choreography).  It is jaw dropping. Third,  the athleticism of the performers is remarkable and yet understated as it is used to advanced the show's theme.  In sum, WOW.
4	The Beatles LOVE was a really good show to watch If you are in the las vegas area. It is a busy show , non stop acrobats flipping in the air. You do not want to even blink while watching this show!I was there for my birthday celebration 02/01/13
5	A must see Las Vegas Show. My two friends and I saw this show on a 2/11/13 in the 206 section for about $90/ticket, which was the perfect location. Their are a lot of acrobatics, so you don't want to be too low, and close to the stage or else you will miss everything going on in the air, but you also don't want to be too high up either. I've never been in a theater-in-the-round before, so that was a pretty good experience. The theater itself wasn't that packed at all for a 9:30pm show, but it was a pretty dead week in Las Vegas.As for the show itself, this show was the perfect amount of Beatles music, with acrobatics, with performances on the stage. The show goes through the history of the Beatles and plays all of their big songs, as well as some of the songs I've never really heard before. I had a friend who was disappointed a little, because he thought it was going to be a cover band like setup, but instead it was all just their original songs playing to them putting on a show (I enjoyed the fact that they didn't do a cover band). Show was a little over an hour and a half, but they really used every second to its full potential. If you enjoy listening to music at all, this is a must see show to watch while in Las Vegas.
5	We loved the Beatles LOVE show. This was our first Cirque show, and first Vegas show for that matter, and we were not disappointed. It was super entertaining and evoked much of that "good feelin" Beatles groove. The music selection was excellent and the choreography and effects were amazing. My wife especially enjoyed the aerial parts, and actually wanted more of that. I thought there was a pretty good balance of everything. Also, it was nice how they made the show partially interactive and had the crowd involved at various times (the beginning was classic, where they had various characters come into the crowd and interact with them). This show really lives up to the expectations, and we walked out with smiles on our faces. BTW: we went to the 7:30pm showing; when it was over, we felt like a herd of cattle being ushered out. We noticed an extremely long line-up for the 9:30pm showing on our way out (not to mention it being a lot busier than when we first got there), so we were glad we made it to the earlier showing. Oh, photography is strictly prohibited; probably because they have their own photographers walking around taking pictures (to sell after, of course) of you. There's a really cool backdrop after the box office as well, when you're about to head into the auditorium, where you can take pics. They have a photographer out there as well; when we asked her to take a picture with our camera (in addition to the one she take of us to sell) she declined and said she wasn't allowed. No big deal for us (we just had the people behind us take our picture), but I don't understand why this isn't a big deal at somewhere like Disneyland. I have my doubts about their photography being the cash cow (more than the tickets and food & beverage) of events like these... anyway, just a rant of mine.
5	This is hands down the best Cirque show ever. The acrobatics, costumes, stage, props, set, and lighting are incredible. Unlike other Cirque shows, this one has a clear theme that it adheres to, making every minute of the 1.5+ hour show worthwhile. You have to see this if you are in Vegas!
5	Love at the Mirage is one of my favorites Cirque Du Soleil shows of all time. I was not a big Beatles fan when I first watched the show back in 2007.  I grew to love the Beatles after the show and even loved the show. I recently watched LOVE, and still do love it! Haha!This show is obviously a show about the Beatles. The show is a broad spectrum about the Beatles biography during the world war in London. It's characters and costumes represent each character in the song. For example, a few favorites of mine; Lucy in the Sky , Eleanor Rigby, Lady Madonna,  Mr. Kite, and of course Here Comes the Sun, with a character that resembles Krishna. The fabulous costumes were done by a French designer Jean Rabasse, and the stage itself is a central stage giving each seat the ultimate LOVE experience without any obstructions in view. The scene is named after each songs. Each scene has it's unique choreography which includes dancing and acrobatic stunts, that are your typical Cirque du Soleil routines, but I still find it entertaining since the theme is different from your typical cirque show.If you're looking for an upbeat Cirque Du Soleil show I would suggest LOVE because, it's a show that combines rock with Cirque Du Soleil, which I find unique than any other usual Cirque Du Soleil shows.
5	This is as good as it gets. Best show on the strip hands down.
5	Mind Blown.This show shattered my expectations, and they were set incredibly high to begin with. The acrobatics were out of control. The illusions that were created were incredible. And the music was obviously spectacular. Even if you are weird and not a big Beatles fan you can still appreciate the beauty that is LOVE. There were 5 of us who watched the show. 4 of us left in awe, and one said it was cool but he didn't really get it. I'm going to discount his opinion as an outlier however. This is truly a show you must see to understand how great it is. My words won't really do the experience justice. All I can say is it was a damn near perfect hour and a half of my life.
3	I wanted to love this more, but I guess I'm not a big enough Beatles fan.  Don't get me wrong, the theatrics are as good as any Cirque show, but I got bored near the end.  I would NOT recommend sitting in the front rows for this show.  The show really comes out from the center of the stage, so it's actually easier to enjoy and take it all in from the idle to back rows (which are also cheaper).  Seriously, I would not say that about Ka or Mystere, but this one I would definitely save my money and sit further back.
5	Although I am a Beatles fan, I must admit I was not psyched about seeing this show. I thought it may not live up to the standard cirque show because a few of my friends felt it was lame. I was overly impressed by the prediction and I really enjoyed it. I would completely see it again. It is family friendly and very affordable. Loved It :)
4	My world just got rocked and it wasn't even Natalie Portman.To most of the reviews that spoke to sitting in the balcony, I would agree as well.  There's definitely a better vantage point from sitting up top to see everything.  This is my first Cirque du Soleil show, and to my astonishment, there's a lot going on.  I've been wanting to see this show since 2007 and it took me a good 6 years to finally see it.  No regrets paying the steep ticket prices, it's all "LOVE". =)
5	I've seen this cirque show twice.  The first time I saw it was Labor Day Weekend 2007 and now this February 2013.  Both times I throughly enjoyed the show and downloaded all the music that was in the show previously before viewing it a 2nd time.  The show felt a little different in some acts but exactly the same for some others this time around.  I've seen other cirque shows in LV and in NY and this one is still my favorite.  My bf also said the same exact thing. It's very entertaining and brought tears to my eyes when thinking of The Beatles and their impression through the decades that they have left behind. This show is definitely worth seeing.  I saw the show up close the firs time, and this time from high up.  You definitely get a better view of everything from higher up especially with the scene of the bed with the exaggerated bed sheets covering the audience.  See LOVE and you will fall in love!
4	Great show...especially if you are a Beatles fan.  Cirque du Soleil really did out do themselves.  Their amazing performers and the music of the Beatles are an inspired combination.  First off the design of the theater is very nice.  The stage is shaped in an "X" with movement coming in from all directions so every seat has a good view of the action.  The show itself is a spectacle.  Performers fly in from every direction, from the floor or down from the ceiling.  It is borderline overwhelming, in mostly a good way... though I did seem to enjoy the more low key sections that focused on a single or small group of performers.  The performer on the 360 swing near the ceiling and the rope dancer performances where some of the most breath taking sequences of the show.Overall, very happy I finally saw the show and my GF who is not a Beatles fan at all enjoyed the show almost as much as me.
5	This wasn't at all what I expected, but I adored this show. I thought there'd be Beatles impersonators, but there weren't. Basically it's like watching a circus act with Beatles music in the background. Maybe I'm not explaining it that well, but it truly was an amazing show. The acrobatics were breath-taking, and the dancing and tricks were incredible. The colorful lights and abstract art were so charming; I really can't say enough good things about the show. While The Beatles weren't the "highlight" of the show, they picked all the best songs that everyone knows and loves. Definitely go see this performance, if only once.
5	I saw LOVE yesterday, my first Las Vegas show.It was mind-bogglingly fantastic. I was totally swept away and mesmerized for over two hours. The sheer creativity, imagination, music, engineering, intricate choreography left me in a state of deep admiration for the entire effort.It was superb beyond words. See it before you die.
5	Wow. All I have to say is I was beyond impressed.beautiful and talented dancers and acrobats. Amazing music, and the best moves! Props were beyond cool, and the special effects show midshow was astonishing. I didn't want to leave, and now I am depressed its not the 60s. And that ill never see the Beatles live. GET BACK!! Get back Beatles. I know. That's. never going to happen :( the boutique had some cool items!! I wanted everything.
4	On a recent girls trip to Vegas, I had the pleasure of seeing my first Cirque show in Vegas after 15 previous trips to Sin City. My friend's husband surprised her a few days before we left with tickets to LOVE since she is a huge Beatles fan, and figured that the rest of us would enjoy it, especially since it was free for us. We were very excited when we picked up the tickets at Will Call that we were in the fifth row!I would recommend picking up your tickets during the day instead of right before the show to avoid the lines. Additionally get in line at least 30 minutes before the show starts so once they start letting people in, you can get a drink (they have some "themed" mix drinks for $17) and find your seat before the show begins.The highlight of the show is definitely the music, and they incorporate all of the Beatles greatest hits. The costumes, staging, creativity, and choreography are all first-class as you would expect at a Cirque show; however, the reason people go to Cirque shows - the acrobatics - left something to be desired. Sure some of the stunts were truly breathtaking, but there was not enough acrobatics, and what there was got to be repetitive at times. I have seen better acrobatics in the traveling Cirque shows. However the atmosphere and use of music in LOVE is what separates this show from other traditional shows.Nevertheless, the three of us had a great time at the 90 minute show. For Beatles fans, this is a great show to see; for those wanting a bit more pure "Cirque" I would probably steer them toward another show.
3	I am not a huge Beatles fan but I think if I were I would like this show more.  I just wrote that sentence and then glanced at another 3 star review showing on my screen and that is pretty much exactly what she said to open her review also.  So there ya go.  I liked this show but honestly I got a little bored during it and I thought it lacked the wow moments that I appreciated from Mystere.  Also, I thought I might get trampled on the way out.  That is just a side note though.  If you have a disability or just need more time to exit I suggest hanging back in your seat until the place clears because it's nutty.
5	my first time seeing a Cirque de Soleil show... and it will definitely not be my last!! i am NOT a Beatles fan AT ALL.  my Husband picked this out of a few other choices and our friends bought us the tickets. i was worried that i would hate it because of the music.  Honestly, i was so enthralled with the performance that the music was a background to my amazed eyes. if you haven't been to a Cirque show, the actors/performers are basically dancing, hanging, jumping etc.... like a circus set to music with lots of props.  there was so much going on at some points, i couldn't look at it all!  which is a good thing, because you could see the same show twice and still enjoy it. i love acrobats and seeing plays at the theater and that is basically what this is.  its a bit of a love story, and there are some sad and some very upbeat parts.  there is also a bit of humor.  If you are in Vegas, i strongly suggest seeing this show, even to those out there who are not beatles fans (like me).
5	Great show & experience.  Even better when its included in your trip package.  You can't beat Cirque anyday, throw in a soundtrack of all Beatles and you got gold Jerry. Gold!Its done so well during its 5 yr run, I can only hope they do a Queen & Doors version down the road.
5	Best cirque show out there.  Magical, exciting, a lot of movement & never dull (Ka).  Well worth the money & several hours of your time.  Buy tickets at a "tix4tonight" kiosk located on the strip.  Cheapest tickets we were able to find.
5	BEST SHOW IN VEGAS!!!!!I've seen almost every show in this town.I've seen LOVE 6+ times.I was not a Beatles fan before. I was after the first performance.My only beef is the performers are getting a little stale and less enthusiastic than before. I only have 2 complaints with the acts. First, ditch the bird, clown routine. Sucks.Second, you guys still haven't found a good dancer for Here Comes the Sun.If Cirque wants to contact me, I'll explain why you still haven't gotten it right. And how to fix it.Those are the only 2 sour notes in the show.The black couple who does the tap routine! Still awesome after all this time!!!!
5	I LOVE Cirque Shows; I LOVE the Beatles. This was the best of both worlds. Critics argue that it's not a "true" Cirque show because there's a lot of dancing. Yes, there is lots of dancing, but it makes sense and fits the material perfectly. There still is plenty of cool cirque acrobatics, and lots of action all around - above - and below you.I HATE Vegas, and traveled there *just* to see this show. All the crowds, traffic, hassles ... all the sleaze and posers in that city ... this show made it a *completely* worthwhile trip! If you're a Beatles fan, this is a must-not-miss - and if you're not, you might just be one afterwards. Don't think twice about this show - just go! (by the way ... it's often said there's not a bad seat in the house - in this case, that's absolutely true!)Go ... just go!
5	A truly magical experience. What drew me to this show initially was my love of the Beatles.  Being my favorite band of all time, I was excited to witness any kind of show involving them and their music,  I really didn't know what to expect from the Cirque Du Soleil aspect of it due to the fact that I was not too familiar with them.  I was blown away by both.  The performers were true professionals who have clearly mastered their craft.  The amount of precision and timing these performances entailed was mind blowing.  Not to mention incorporating the acts to fit various songs was no easy feat in itself.  I was happy to see two of my favorite Beatles songs "Something" & "Elanor Rigby" included in the show, the performances sent shivers up my spine.  Not to be forgotten, I would like to express my awe and amazement with the stage crew as well.  The amount of time and effort that goes in to putting on a show like this is really remarkable.  Overall, if you're a Beatles fan, Cirque Du Soleil fan or just a fan of performing arts in general, this show is a must see in Vegas.  Well worth every penny!
4	Great show!! If you like the Beatles you'll love this show. Drinks are kind of expensive but tasty and full of alcohol. Show starts off slow but picks up steam as it moves along. Acrobatics are incredible and the dancing adds the right touch. Definitely worth the price of admission.
5	Stunning, unbelievable - a must see. Amazing fun, this and O are the best Cirque has to offer!
5	amazing! need i say more!?
5	we have seen this show twice using the locals 2 for 99 buck deal.  We are in the "nosebleed" seats, but seriously, there really isnt a bad seat in this theatre. Great show, obviously great soundtrack, these people dance their hearts out, will see again in the future!!!
5	Yelp 100 Challenge * 45/100I am a HUGE fan of The Beatles. Over the years, I've memorized just about every one of their songs. Unfortunately, I wasn't born in time to watch them perform live. Beatles LOVE is about as close you could get to a great Beatles show with many acrobatic stunts and visuals that make their songs come to life. I wouldn't recommend just about everyone to watch it though, especially if you're not that big on Beatles - at least, pass this show off till you've watch other Cirque performances.The show's soundtrack is a mash-up mix of many of the band's hits including Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds, Blackbird, St. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band, Back In The USSR, A Day In The Life and snippets of lesser known songs such as Blue Jay Way, etc. I was especially driven by the Taxman/Drive My Car/The Word trio mash up and Papa, who's an even bigger fan than me, had a big smile on his face the whole way through. Drapes, actual voices retrieved from old recording sessions and moving silhouettes of John, Paul, George and Ringo made it feel like they were actually thereStunts were not as elaborate as the ones I've seen at KA, O, or La Reve. However, this one reached the heart more than the others. I watched this show about 3 years ago and till today, they're still playing at the Mirage. Stop by the gift shop after the show and get yourself a souvenir or even better, save the cash and get a picture by the jukebox and colorful hallway leading up to the theatre.
5	This is an awesome mix of stunts and music that will leave you captivated and entertained. Definitely one of the better cirque shows in Vegas!
5	Talk about visual orgasms! As a Beatles fan, I was so excited to watch LOVE as my first Cirque show during my first trip to Vegas, and it actually exceeded expectations.Favorite performances were Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds and Octopus's Garden, but all of the song interpretations were amazing. I'm also glad they included my much beloved Eleanor Rigby.Pro-tip: After asking at will-call if they had better seats available, we were moved from Section 209 Row R to Section 200 Row N. There really is no bad seat in the theatre, but it's good to note that Row N is at the edge of the bedsheets/clouds used to cover the lower audience during one number. We were able to see what went on above the sheets as well as the actors moving underneath. Double win!
5	After watching KA during my last Vegas trip... I was weary of watching another Cirque show here... but fortunately... this turned out to be frickin' awesome!From the costumes... the live music... the acts... the lights... wow. Definitely well worth every penny and really... if you're a fan of the Beatles... you can't miss this!
4	Love is my favorite Cirque show, edging Ka out slightly.  The reasons?  The first is the uniqueness of the theater, in which the stage is in the middle and seats surround it from all sides, something you don't see everyday. My favorite part is the Beatles music and how they morph it so well with the show, they have behind the scenes studio audio and transitions are very smooth. It doesn't hurt that there are built in speakers located in the headrest which gives you some nice acoustics.You can pay more to go to the ever popular "O" at Bellagio, but if you want a nice mix between awesome music and acrobatic acts, Love is what you're looking for!
4	If you're a Beatles fan you would love this show because it highlights a lot of their major hit songs.The seating is interesting; since the stage is in the center and seating all around it, you would think that any seat would have a great view. Unfortunately there are weird barriers/curtains that block parts of the stage. I sat in the top row near an isle. I could not see part of the stage because it was blocked by a curtain so it was a bit disappointing.I felt like this show had a lot going on- too much at once.However, the show is entertaining!
5	LOVE is a very different Cirque du Soleil show. Zarkana, and many of their traveling shows like OVO, emphasize the Cirque's more traditional circus performances, but have been dressed up in Cirque du Soleil style with ostentatious costumes and extravagant set designs. Your focus while watching these shows is often on the act on stage -- whether its a high-wire act or two acrobats on a spinning wheel -- and less so about what is happening around them.LOVE pulls you in from every angle imaginable, and more than just literally. The seating is set up like a Maltese cross, where everyone gets a different view and angle of what's happening on the stage. But you're also surrounded by giant digital screens that display video wallpaper that complements each performance, hanging semi-transparent fabric screens that drop down every so often when projected silhouettes of the Beatles are needed to put an era of Beatlemania into context, and sound effects and live music that emanate from the theatre and your seat's headrest, which creates a fully immersive, panoramic experience.What's more, the performances on stage that meld dance and acrobatics to the musical legacy of the Beatles often feature multiple performers on stage at the same time. This creates a somewhat frenetic and disorienting effect at first, as your eyes and brain try to reconcile how all the elements you are seeing fit together, and you wonder where to focus your attention -- like trying to focus on a single popcorn kernel in a large pot, with all of the other kernels popping over each other at the same time. But if you allow yourself to let go, and stop thinking, and enjoy the ride, your rewarded with a very magical mystery tour that starts resonating with you emotionally, and this is what really makes this show so memorable.LOVE's music, performances, and its aural and visual aesthetics simply move you throughout, from song to song, as its loose story takes you through the sad and sorrowful WWII blitz bombing of England with "Because", some exhilarating high-energy roller skating stunts paired with "Help", the whimsical and mercurial teeter-totter and trapeze act performed to the equally whimsical and mercurial "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds", and the ever-so-poignant "Hey Jude" that follows the heart-breaking story told on stage in "A Day in the Life".Of all the Cirque shows I have seen, I would see this one again in a heartbeat, to once again experience the feelings of sheer bliss and wonderment it left with me.
5	First Cirque de Soleil show in LV, I fell in LOVE.  Actually cannot believe I've never seen a show before after experiencing how amazing it is.  Getting in and out is fairly easy, all the workers are pleasant.  The show does NOT have an intermission so if you've been drinking and need to use the restroom you better plan ahead or else you will have to strategically plan your bathroom break.
5	Awesome show. A must when in Vegas. Great music and acrobats synced to beatles songs. The seats has speaker for surround sound effect. No photo taking.Worth the line and the $$.
4	I've never been a particular Beatles fan so I'm not qualified from that perspective. But I did very much enjoy the show.Last year while in Vegas we saw KA and liked that quite a bit. I'd rate this slightly below that, but I was never bored for a minute.  There is an incredible amount going on and it's pretty surreal so:A: Don't expect to "Understand it.B: Don't expect to "See" everything going on. (It's a circular stadium)They have a restroom inside the auditorium, which is nice, so you can comfortably get your seat before worrying about finding a restroom.If you are averse to large crowds you might feel a bit uncomfortable after the show as everyone queues out of the place.Overall if you are looking for a Cirque show, this one is certainly well worth your attention.
2	I have seen numerous Cirque shows and after awhile you feel like if you've seen one you've seen them all.  The acts were the same basic Cirque acts but the show itself was drastically different.  I felt like the who show was produced by someone on acid who followed the lyrics of the songs a little too literally.  My aunt loved it and wondered if I couldn't appreciate it as much because I'm "too young".
5	"All you need is love, love, love is all you need..."LOVE is unlike any other Cirque show I have seen. The star is the music, not the acrobatics, and you can't help but be captivated. Each song transitions perfectly into the next and each captures a different emotion and truly draws you in closer and closer to the performance.There isn't a bad seat in the house, don't worry about where your tickets are, just buy one and enjoy the magical world they create around you. There is no better place in Vegas to take a date than to LOVE, because after all, "in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make."
4	This show is our wedding gift. We were there March 2013. What a great addition to our wedding. It was a great show, very colorful, just the way I'd imagine it. If you love the Beatles, you'll love "LOVE" and I love both. We enjoyed our time there. I wouldn't want to compare this show with any other Cirque du Soleil shows. It's different! Perfect for our wedding gift! Go see the show and you know what I'm talking about *:) Enjoy!
2	I am sure I am in the minority on this, but I just didn't really enjoy LOVE at all. I have seen all of the other Cirque shows in town and this is hands down my least favorite of them all.  First off, I am not a die hard Beatles fan.  I like their music, and listen to it on the radio when it comes on, but by no means a fan.  I know some diehards and we almost had to break off our friendship when I told them I didn't like this show.Secondly, I think you were supposed to take LSD or acid or something loopy to know what is going on.  Now all Cirque shows or at least the 5 I have seen are a little out there and require you to go on a crazy journey with them, but this was just too weird for me.  With LOVE though, I just felt I had missed a memo or something the entire show.  And the little shoes that walk out by themselves totally freaked me out and gave me a nightmare after seeing the show.Thirdly, it was just way too much Beatles stuff.  Many of the things referenced parts of the Beatles history that a layperson probably wouldn't know or care about.  My diehard friends had to explain some of the things to me and it made a little more sense afterward I got the run down from them, but during the show I was just confused.So please don't hate me, but I don't like this show.  There are a ton of Vegas shows I would recommend to my friends before this one.  So take it or leave it, but now you know my opinion.
3	I've been waiting over 5 years to see this show. Honestly, it wasn't as good as I thought. I've seen La Nouba and I've seen Mystere and I desired for more of the circus acts than anything. Love just seemed to be more dancing than anything else. We were kind of disappointed and also in the way that the stage was set up, it was sensory overload and not in a good way. I just felt like there was way too much going on at one time. Granted there were many parts that we liked, but with a show of this magnitude, it's easier to focus if you have a regular theatre set up. There were also some parts that I just didn't get. I don't think that this show will be something that we see again, but I'm at least glad that we saw it.
4	Visually stunning but not the traditional Cirque where they concentrate on the acrobatics.  This is a musical show over the circus part of Cirque.I was fortunate to get discount tickets on travelzoo, and got section 206. Great seats! I think next time I'd move over to the right.I wouldn't give it 5 stars because I've been to other Cirque which were much better. If you're a Beatles fan, do see it.  Visually its wonderful.  Musically great.  But if you want the spineless girls twirling things in the air, or wowing you with the acrobatics this isn't the Cirque to see.
3	I came into this show with pretty high expectations after seeing Mystere, O, Elvis, Chris Angel, and KA twice (yes, thats how much I loved KA). But I have to say, I must have set my expectations a little too high. There were parts of the show I did like, but much more that I did not like. I like the music,  I was expecting more stunts and acrobatic acts since its by Cirque. But what I saw was more dancing and the characters parading across stage. The costumes were definitely very creative. The show also incorporated alot of old England culture and highlighted some of its darkness. I couldnt appreciate that aspect because I dont find anything dark entertaining in Vegas.Anyway, the show is OKAY. Definitely better than the Chris Angel show. Heres a little advice - its a small stage. Any seat is good. We sat in the mid row for around 90 bucks. Had we known the stage was that size, we would have gotten the farther tickets and save some money.
5	GREAT show!Even if you don't like the Beatles!
4	I loved this show! It was interesting to see how they interpreted some of the songs. We were entertained from the time we walked in to the time we walked out. This was my first live Cirque Du Soleil show so I was in awe the whole time. Sometimes there was sooooo much going on at once, my eyes did not know where to look, lol.
4	Wonderful show and very ornate costumes.  It is amazing what these performers can do.  I only wish they had included more Beatles songs particularly from the earlier years and not just the Sargent album.
5	Two things I love - Cirque and the Beatles - have been combined so artfully to form a show that absolutely blew me away.  Cirque fills me with awe and wonderment and, although this show was vastly different from other Cirque's I've seen there was no difference in how amazed I was by it!  The theater set-up, a sort of 360 seating arrangement around the stage, confused me when I first saw the layout.  We bought our seats and I wondered, "how could such a layout possibly keep me engaged?"  Well it did, maybe even more so than some of the other Cirque shows.  The action was all around but I couldn't help but feel that it was all "facing" me.  I'm sure anyone around this cleverly laid out "circle" would feel the same.  The music was incredible.  How could it not be?  It's the Beatles!  I don't know how you'd feel if you aren't a Beatles fan.  Maybe it would just be an exceptional show with music you aren't familiar with.  You might not identify with the music as powerfully but, if you're like my husband, you might enjoy it immensely nonetheless.   Some of the acts aren't your typical Cirque but there's a story line that stays at the forefront of the show and the props and costumes are perfectly chosen for the Beatles' era.There's no doubt I will see the show more than once and I'm sure I will notice new and exciting things about it.  I LOVED this show.  And... "all you need is love."
5	The most extraordinary spectacle you will ever see. Worth every penny.
5	What a great performance!  I would highly recommend sitting in the lower part of the terrace seating. I saw some people were excited to sit in the lower bowl.  However, they do a lot of aerial stunts as well as the bed sheet scene that the lower bowl gets covered up and won't be able to see it.  As soon as I heard "Strawberry Fields Forever." that made my vacation even more amazing and took me back to summer camp of my yesteryears.  A lot of the acrobatics amazed me and everything was perfectly choreographed.  If you love the Beatles and Cirque du Soleil, this is a perfect match for you.
5	I wouldn't call myself a Beatles fan. Yes, I know some of their songs and can sing along to the chorus of a few. But if you were to ask me about the history of the band and the members names I wouldn't be able to help you there. So for a person who isn't a Beatles fan I was pleasantly surprised by this Cirque du Soleil show.Love is much more intimate than O and Iris. Although there might not be as many acrobatic tricks the show has its own uniqueness with the special effects that pay tribute to the Beatles. You'll understand what I mean when you find yourself in the dark staring at the glimmering lights above you or when join the cast in floating in the clouds. The dancing in the show is spectacular. It was graceful and they utilized the stage very well. If you're not a fan of dance you might not appreciate this show because there is a huge focus on dance and music.I really enjoyed Love and I would even see it again. I don't think it would be fair to say it's better or worse than the other Cirque Du Soleil shows on the strip. If you enjoy watching dance, listening to the Beatles, or are just down for a great experience check it out!
5	This was my second Cirque show to see (live), having seen O the previous night. They are completely different shows, of course. The focus of the show is obviously the Beatles and their music. The acrobatics are more limited (although there are still impressive things going on), and there's more dancing.The word that kept popping in my mind while I was watching the performance was "cacophony," although I mean it in a good way. The music is almost non-stop and is blasted at full volume. There's a regular--often constant--activity level. The artists use the whole asterisk-shaped stage--people are coming and going from all points while others are acting something in the center and a few more are swinging through the air. Meanwhile, some sort of stock footage is going by on the giant screens--you know, in case you needed more sensory input. Of course, there are a few songs where they try and give the performers and audience a break and slow it down (like "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" and "Here Comes the Sun"), but a lot of the show is loud and busy, with one song leading into the next.The shape of the stage and the way the performers use it make it kind of delightful for the audience, especially if you're at the end of a row like I was, as you can see the performers coming and going (or coming down the steps past your seat, in one case). It's very "in your face" (unlike something like O, where it's all occurring on a distant stage in front of you).If you like the Beatles (or are even just OK with them), I highly recommend seeing this. (If you hate the Beatles, STAY AWAY. It will be your own personal hell. :-)) With its energy level, I recommend not going when you're drunk or hungover. It'll be a lot to take in.
5	I went to the Beatles show LOVE this past weekend and was amazed! I have never been to any cirque show, and I am a (average?) fan of the Beatles, but once I left I wanted to go back the next night again!! It was nice to follow the story line aswell as appreciate the skills of the dancers(and the dancing was almost entertaining enough!) I had a great time at this show and would highly recommend it to anyone going to Vegas!
3	I will preface this review by saying that I am a Vegas local and have seen pretty much all the other Cirque shows, so this show didn't really shine as much in comparison. Also, I'm familiar with some Beatles songs, but by no means am I an avid fan so I might not be as excited about this show as some other fans might be. I guess the reason why I like this show less than the others is because there are a lot less of the Circus elements which I really love. There was more dancing than acrobatics so it was overall less exciting for me. Some pros: The theater layout is great, and it is a little smaller than the others so it seems like you have a front row seat and you're right up in the action. Also, the show is well thought out and they did use a lot of the more well known Beatles songs so like me, if you're not a die hard fan, at least you can recognize some of the tunes.
5	My most favorite cirque show ever was in tears.  THANKYOU for suck an amazing event!!
5	Went last weekend with the whole family and all of us had a great time! You definitely have to like the Beatles music since the primary focus is their music, but with the addition of the Cirque Du Soleil acrobatic stunts it was awesome! I love how the seating is set up, which surrounds the entire stage, so there is no bad seat. It was our first Cirque Du Soleil show and definitely won't be our last!!
5	Am I a Beatles fan?  I know their major hits but not really.  Is this show worth watching even if you are not a fan?  Absolutely yes!  This show was one of the best I have ever seen for sure.  The music, the costume, dance, special effects and acrobatics were all great!!  Lots of songs to hum along and move your body.  We had the balcony seats on the end of 303.  We were able to watch the most but time to time the curtain blocked the view so I would recommend center section. Still for the price we paid and how last minute we bought the tickets, I am happy with what I got.  But if you want a good deal and good seat, I highly recommend to reserve your ticket in advance.  This is a very popular show!P.S.  We had a drunk lady who did not shut up for the entire show....even though it was not the staffs' fault, it would have been nice to see their pro-activeness.  Seriously people were trying to hush her the whole time....The staffs could have taken some action.
4	There's no real flow to the show but really what do you expect from the Beatles? The show was wonderful with an array of cast, random props and colors in the form of lights, sheer sheets and what not but I felt like it was missing something. I didn't even try to get the storyline (if there was one?) and instead enjoyed the music of one of my favorite bands out there. I was excited to hear that it was their true music and not someone doing a cover and this was my first Cirque de Soleil show so I wasn't sure what to expect but was pleasantly surprised and loved that they showed footage of the Beatles performing, practicing, etc The cast was wonderful whether it came to dancing, the rolling skaters with their shagolicious skates going up and down the ramps and not missing a beat or the acrobat. Save some money and sit in the top part of the theater so you can see everything!
3	Let see, I have watched pretty much all Cirque Du Soleil shows in Vegas except for the new Michael Jackson.  I have to be upfront though, I am not a Beatles fan.  I do listen to their music from time to time but never own a CD.  But I love Cirque shows so I decided to watch this one.There are a lot more musics than "acrobat" in this show.  There's not much of a Oh Ah moments at all.  I guess if you are a Beatles fan, than you will enjoy this much more.But right now, O and Ka are the top two in Vegas for me.
5	I have a huge bias in that I love the beatles! I think even someone who didn't know most of the songs would still really enjoy it. Really well put-together and totally riveting - there is so much going on at once that it was really amazing. Definitely worth the money!
5	This was my 2nd Cirque Du Soleil,and no comparison, this one was my favorite.  If your in any way a Beatles fan, I would go as far as saying this show is a must see.  Plus, the seats I had for this show were phenomenal.
5	Whooot! This show is for fans of The Beatles and those who aren't really fans alike. The stage is set up so you can see multiple things at once, and get the full force of the music. There is no real story line, just various stories played out with each song coupled with dance acts and high stunts. The costumes are amazing and you instantly love the characters.It's a great Cirque show with the flare of The Beatles and one of the best ones!
2	I think you would have to be a huge Beatles fan to enjoy this Cirque show. I've been to a few Cirque shows (Ka, O, Iris, Zumanity, Elvis) and The Beatles LOVE left a lot to be desired. I was hoping it would be similar to the Elvis show where the audience would learn about the life of the artists and take something away after the show. LOVE was basically the Beatles' music playing over the sound system while people in decade costumes danced around. This show lacked the usual breath taking acrobatics and did not have a WOW factor. I saw a lot of eyelids in the audience as they were dreaming of a better place to be.
5	incredible. dope. outstanding. breathtaking.
4	It was a good show, the theater did get quite warm though, and if you're tired when you get there you may be lulled to sleep with the dark/warmth coupled with the music! :)
5	My favorite Cirque's show ever. I love the music, the stories, the acrobats, and pretty much everything about the show. It was fun, but also kind of dark which I love. After the show was over, I want to go again. If you loved The Beatles and more serious aspect of Cirque, you should watch this show. It's two thumbs up!
5	I go to see this every time I go to Vegas, it is by far my favorite Cirque show.
5	Simply put? Best Cirque show in Vegas.Went with my father, who was still in his teens when The Beatles emerged, and my wife, who was decided not yet in existence at that time. So between varying age groups and varying devotion to the Beatles and/or Cirque, all comers were satisfied.I can't go into too great a detail because SO MUCH was happening all the time on stage! I fell asleep during the plinky-plonky water-dripping snore fest that is O, but at BL I found myself unable to blink due to the need to take it all in. I could even see myself going again just to see what I missed the first time round.There's the barest hint of a story, which will only make sense if you know the personal pasts of both John and Paul, but the real emphasis is on the art, yes art, that is on display.Fantastic sound system as well, sounded immediate and close, not just noise-blasting-ly loud.BOTTOM LINE: Have some dinner and then go see Beatles Love, for the love of all that is good and holy in the world.
5	I thought this was a spectacular and entertaining show.
5	I loved it ! This is a very enjoyable show. Even more so if you like the Beatles music. I brought my son and grandson who are not really Beatles fans, but they also loved this show...having said that they liked" KA " a little better...
5	Not a declared Beatles fan, and though I'm ashamed to admit it, I didn't realize some of the songs I heard were even done by the Beatles until this show.  Nonetheless, it was so visually entertaining and was done in such a cool venue!  Went with some friends who had seen the show before, and they mentioned that this second showing was a whole new experience for some of the show because we were so far up that it gave them a new perspective from their previous seats.  So if you're frugal like me, don't feel bad about going for the cheaper seats -- it didn't hinder my experience at all!
3	I guess I'm not really a Beatles' fan, so it was difficult for me to fully appreciate their show.  Don't get me wrong, I like their songs (at least the popular ones I know from watching Glee, haha) but since the theme of this show seemed to be their journey as a band, it was difficult for me to understand.I don't know much history about the Beatles, so I didn't really know what was going on during the little numbers that were performed throughout the show, but it apparently is supposed to reflect on their journey together as a band, all of which was completely foreign to me.  I think I was expecting more of a general storyline like the Ka performance I saw earlier in the weekend, rather than individual skits to songs that didn't seem to connect cohesively together as a story.The numbers were mostly dancing numbers with minimal aerial tricks.  I wasn't wowed by the performance as I was at Ka Cirque du Soleil performance.The cool thing about this show was the stage.  Chairs completely surrounded 360 degrees of the stage in a tiered fashion so that every seat was a good seat.  Me and my BF were able to acquire seats that were closer (aka lower) to the stage, yet not too close (low) where you have to look up to see the performance.Bottom line: Probably something you'd want to see as a Beatles' fan, but if you're looking to see more aerial tricks, I'd suggest seeing something else.
5	We loved it!!  Took my daughters, 10 and 9, and we all enjoyed it!  Not huge Beatles fans, but appreciate good music and well executed performance.  The girls had been asking to see it as their cousins who were visiting last year went to see it and couldn't stop talking about it! Definitely a family friendly experience!!It's a great show - all centered around the Beatles music and we recognized more songs than we thought we would and actually found the performers to be higly entertaining.  We loved the rollerskaters on the ramp and the acrobats above all.  The stage is awesome - it's a 360 degree circular stage and all seats are good!  We sat in the mid-level 200 section and I'd do again!  I like sitting a little higher and further back in the Cirque shows to appreciate the "things" that come in from all sides!!Cool show, worth the money . . . . we aren't big fans, but it is a fun show!!  Not the normal unusual, mystical Cirque show, but one of my favorites!! LOVED IT!!
5	LOVED IT!!!! got awesome discounted tickets through travelzoo! Loved our seats. I think the higher your seat is the better you appreciate the show. LOVED the audio.
5	I love the beatles, but I really don't care for shows.  I'm glad I ended up going because it was amazing. I don't want to give too much away, so just go!
5	This show was AMAZING. I absolutely love the Beatles (the songs were amazing), but even if you don't (we can talk about this later) you'll still be able to appreciate the skill of the performers, the thought put into the choreography, and the amount of imagination and whimsy. Yes, I said it - WHIMSY. I could not have been more impressed with this show and, believe me, I'm quite the critic (ask my boyfriend lol). In fact, I'm afraid to see any other show in Vegas because I feel like nothing will live up to it! FYI, it did seem like every seat in the house had a good view - my seats were in a section farther back and I thought they were great (perhaps even better because I didnt have to look up the entire time to see the stunts), so no need to splurge on front row seats! In sum, if you gave this show anything less than 5 stars, you are an idiot - good day, sir.
4	Extraordinarily vibrant, colorful, well choreographed show!!!Attended on the heels of the unfortunate KA death of acrobat just 2 nights prior. Stage has unique angles. Delicate and sensitive homage to the Beatles and key songs.Enjoyed all of the color. Neat little effect with theater transformed into a billowy cloud, with illusion that a bed was floating atop it.  Rollerbladers were a delight! Some actually squealed in the audience!Dancers are amazing. This performance, like Elvis Cirque (now concluded) is more dance and song than acrobatics. See Mystere or Ka or O for more athleticism.Right amount of everything. Being as old as I am, appreciated seeing interpretation of so many songs.Last act and dance was so fun!
4	Fun show but hard to review.  I thought the Cirque part of it was disappointing - not many cool stunts and tricks.  The cooler stuff were the special effects and there was a lot of dance numbers.  So if you are expecting a great Cirque show, you will be kind of disappointing.However, if you are expecting a great Beatles show, you will love it.  The sound is fantastic, and really gave me a new appreciation for Beatles music.  You could kind of look at this show as the closest thing to a Beatles concert you are going to get.
3	I am a huge Beatles fan, and I loved watching the music come to life.  Sadly, I was a little disappointed by the lack of grand acrobatics that Cirque du Soleil is known for.  There also wasn't a cohesive story that bonded all the vignettes together like in "Iris," and I found myself searching for meaning where there was none.I enjoyed the show and certain acts took my breath away (I might've teared a bit at "Something") but overall, not the best I've seen from Cirque du Soleil.
4	I'd never been to a Cirque Du Soleil show, so LOVE was my introduction.  My friend thinks KA was better.  We had good seats near the stage.  The show was definitely a visual feast.  The music, of course, was terrific.  I just didn't get the story... if there was one.  I wasn't sure what was going on with the creepy guy, the old woman, or what a bunch of skateboarders had to do with anything... but it was interesting.  A little short. The "Something" piece was beautiful.  Everything was nice... just a bit disjointed.
3	Should be retitled "All You Need is Weed."   I found it boring and fell asleep three times.
4	Cirque Du Soleil LOVE is a great show but I can't bring myself to give it 5 stars when I feel like this show doesn't quite measure up to its peers of Cirque Du Soleil shows like Ka or O. I guess Ka is cancelled now there's no point in talking about that anymore.The acrobatics are beautiful and the performers are very talented. They perform to different interpretations of many Beatles classics. The whole show altogether lacks a climax. The concept is just too abstract that I lost focus about half way through.The theater is small and intimate. Don't waste your money paying for the front sections because it's a lot more expensive and definitely not worth it. We got our tickets last minute at one of the counters in Vegas for $117 and it was as good as any of the $250 tickets you can get online.There is no intermission so be ready to sit for 1.5 hours. They do allow people to walk in late after they start right on time. It can be a little distracting watching people come and go.
5	For my 300th review since I joined Yelp almost a year ago, I have to do it on something special and I absolutely like.  So, here it is!I enjoy watching shows in any big city I go to.  It's great that I live in the Entertainment Capital of the World so, I get to watch shows whenever I please.  I've seen Ka, O, Zumanity, Michael Jackson, Elvis and other Cirque du Soleil shows but this one is my favorite!  The Beatles was waaaay before my time and I remember my mom kinda sorta liked them.  I know some of their songs, who doesn't?One word to describe this show is DYNAMIC.  There are performers coming from the ceiling, the back, front, sides and middle.  It's lively, multi-dimensional, vibrant, exciting and colorful.  I was definitely entertained.  The music was of course, by The Beatles.  I became a fan after the show and I also wanted to do join Cirque du Soleil as if I had the talent to be one of the performers.  That's the beauty of the show, I think.  It engages the audience to the point where I was telling myself, "I want to do that!"If there's a CDS show I could watch over and over, it would be LOVE!  "Get back!  Get back! Get back to where you once belonged".
5	I'm a very Beatle-neutral person, who generally enjoys Cirque de Soleil productions (having seen 3-4 shows), and LV show experiences in general....and I LOVED "LOVE".  It's a very well-assembled show, with an incredible flow of the type of artistry and athletic exhibition you expect from Cirque shows, assembled around thematics from the Beatles music, and their 'prime' eras of London/England in the 60s and 70s.  I'm sure there are more long-winded reviews that can go in-depth about the details of the show, but I'd rather simply advise you that if you are considering LOVE or another show for your special short trip to LV- you aren't making a bad decision by choosing LOVE.  It will give you a bit more music and dancing and a bit less 'abstract circus action' than Mystere or O, but it is well-balanced and there is a lot of very talented athleticism to watch! You will surely leave with a smile on your face after the show!
5	This is a great show!  The performers were amazingly talented, and it was very well choreographed.  If you are a huge Beatles fan, there are lots of subtle references to people and places.  I agree with previous reviewer to not purchase orchestra seats.  There are lots of aerial acts that are best seen from the balcony, and one act in particular I don't think you would be able to see at all from the orchestra.  All in all, well worth the money for an amazing show.
4	What a fun show to watch. How helpful that historical references are not lost on me (oops - was I betraying my age just then?)A lot of whimsical touches, trippy lighting and musical effects, fun ending of streamers all over the place.I psyched myself for this show, expecting to be terrified by acrobatics performed from way up high. Rest assured the performers are all veterans and take several safety precautions. Gorgeous staging and use of the music was in a pretty clear story line. Boy tries to woo girl all throughout.BTW: there were really young children performing too! Wow!Favorite parts for me were "Blackbird" and "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds". Next fun moment was when the audience got to be covered over with a huge billowing sheet (like playing Parachute in pre-school). I found the whole stage to be quite busy, though. There's really a lot going on all over. But obviously 1000+ reviews can't be wrong, huh?Thank you John Lennon & George Harrison (keep playing in heaven), thank you Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr: you've changed the world immensely.
5	I've never seen a show that mastered aesthetics, artistry, and entertainment in what seems to be an effortless performance. The cast of LOVE were all amazing. The visuals, whether involving the set pieces or the placement of performances, were flawless.Our seats were situated near the stage and as a result, the experience was overwhelming. With every sense engaged (taste because I was nom-ing on popcorn the entire time), I was filled constantly with excitement and awe. You hear tales of the Cirque du Soleil wonders. I'd like to announce that the rumors are indeed true. Cirque du Soleil and in particular, The Beatles LOVE show is perfect.You say yes, I say no, you say stop and I say go go go... to the Beatles show.
5	What can I not say about LOVE. First it's the Beatles. So awesome right off the bad. When you start with one of the greatest rock bands in the history of music you have nothing but high end expectations, and they don't disappoint. Next you add Cirque to the mix. The combination of  50% Beatles and 50% Cirque is 100% awesome. One the most visually stunning shows I have ever seen. This show will not just stimulate the eyes. It will give the ears a good taste of LOVing as well. If I had to choose a show on the strip regardless of cost to see again and again and again it would be LOVE.
1	I really don't understand the hype!  I was in complete agony (as well as my husband) watching this show.  I have seen just about all of the other Cirq shows, and this was no Cirq!  It was more like bad Broadway, and lets thrown in a rope or two.  Don't get me wrong I like the Beatles music, so it wasn't that... I was just bored to death.  The best part for me, was when they covered your eyes and you couldn't see the stage.
1	LOVE was not what we expected.  It lacked the usual cirque stunts that we have been accustomed to seeing... The dancing was good, but for $100+ a ticket,It was definitely way overpriced.  Out of all the cirque shows, this ranks the lowest, if not the lowest.  Wait, I take it back, Kris Angel sucked even more.If you like the Beatles, you might like the show.  But don't expect much more than music and dancing.  Better yet, buy a CD and save $180 dollars.
5	Awesome show! Could have used a few more stunts, but none-the-less, the music and choreography were great! SEE THIS ONE!! Definitely a top show to see in Vegas. Great Visuals, cast, and just pure entertainment!
5	I loved it! I loved it! I loved it! Just watched it last night, and I just can't get it off of my mind. My husband and I sat on the third row, and it was so much worth it. So heart throwbing and capturing that it made me tear up by it's performance. Although, my husband wasn't a Beatles fan, he defined it an adrenaling experience of music and art. Seriously, I highly recommend this to everyone to watch it.
4	Weirddddddd! This show is definitely one you should smoke to. Or before. Whatever. Trippy to the max. Music obviously rocks the socks. The artistry is undeniable- great music, dancing, interpretation. There is significantly less acrobatics than in other cirque shows but the theater showcases all the acts well as it enables you to see from all angles. Not my favorite Cirque show but you gotta see it at least once!
4	I had been dying to see this show since it came out years ago- and I definitely enjoyed it and was glad I went. The music was great, and was a fitting tribute to The Beatles as it was supposed to be. The areas around are also themed which makes it even more fun. The show itself was a bit slow in the beginning, and I wished it had more stunts like a traditional cirque show- but the quality and entertainment value were definitely there. Would I go back? Probably not since there are so many more shows to see in Vegas! One last tip- we were able to find half price balcony seats online in advance which made it much more reasonable.
5	AMAZING! There's no other words to describe better this show.And if you are a Beatles fan this will be an epic experience! We were located in section 106 row D (4th row) and it was great. We were just at the right height over the stage so we could perfectly see everything, even the artists and performers interacted a bit with us during the show. The guys in the front row were always looking upwards and when not I'm pretty sure all they could see were the artist's feet :\ The duration of the show is 1:30hr and it has no breaks, so be prepared for being seated all this time and also for trying not to blink because you won't want to miss any detail! ;)P.S. We bought our tickets from Mirage's website and got a huge discount! Check it out!http://www.mirage.com/entertainment/special-offer-love.aspx
5	Excellent! Incredible! Fantastic! The cast are truly one talented group of performers. Unlike the previous poster, I didn't think the show was "long and odd". It's ninety minutes and I thought the time flew by. There are the typical flying performers as well as some trampoline acrobatics and even some rollerblading that is unbelievable. There are built-in speakers in the headrest of each seat. And needless to say, the music is flawless!
3	I'm going to start this off with the disclaimer that I'm not of the camp that believes that The Beatles are the greatest band to ever grace the face of the earth (The Ventures were doing FX work long before they were and their invasion of "Can't Buy Me Love" wiped out the rad age of surf rock. Origins of a concept album...okay I'll cede that to them, even though if you want to get technical about it every opera can be considered a concept album. But whatever.) What was I doing...oh yeah, writing a review. Being an avid Cirque-goer, I'm going to borrow from someone else's review to say that I was underwhelmed by the acrobatics. The sets and costumes were cool as always, although sometimes very cluttered and confused-looking. But there were very few noteworthy acts--the only two I remembered liking were the guys on skates and the dude trampolining around (I think during USSR?). And I was pissed at the lameness of "Come Together." If you are traversing long stretches of stage on foot in a Cirque show, you damn well had better be doing it via flips or cartwheels. DAFUQ? The choreography was meh. If they're going in the hip-hop direction they need to amp up their routines. Where's Mia Michaels when you need her?It helps if you go into this without thinking of it as a cirque show, and instead as a multi-sensory Beatles concert sans the Fab Four. It's not like it was awful, but I left thinking I could've been at a Mystere show (two for the price of Love). My mom (the Beatles fan in the family) wasn't too impressed either (then again, she's not impressed by a lot of things...). I will give them credit though: I found out I don't dislike the Beatles as much as I do. And the dancified remixes of some of the songs sound pretty awesome (Glass Onion comes to mind).PS: LOVE THAT RAINBOW WALKWAY!
3	I guess I expected a lot from Cirque being as this was my first show to see in Vegas. Beatles LOVE just did not have the WOW factor that I would have imagined. Nothing was over the top as far as acrobatics went. The show was more choreographed on the ground to the beats of Beatles music. I think O may have been more of my cup of tea.TIP:I would sit a little bit higher up just to view everything on stage. People expect closer seats to be amazing, but your viewing angles are bad and not worth the price you pay IMO.
5	Great show! We sat in the front of the middle section as I read those were the best seats.  honestly though, no seat is a bad seat because the theater is so small and intimate anyways. But if I were to watch this show again, I can honestly say there was so much going on that I wish I had sat in the cheapest seats up top! There's constantly something to look at to the left, right, up top, everywhere! You can't really take everything in unless you're sitting higher up. I'm not much of a beetles fan and still enjoyed the show. My husband however loves the beetles and really enjoyed the show because he understood what was going on during the time the songs came out and what they were about.
5	This was my first Cirque show, and I'm glad it was! My friend saw the show before and he treated me to tickets to see it for my birthday. Since he has seen it before, he knew strategically where the place place was to sit (which was a little bit higher on the balcony). The stage here was HUGE; it was circular, so there wasn't a bad seat in the house. The acrobatics were great, the props used were amazing and innovative. The music was awesome (duh, Beatles). I believe I kept repeating, "WHAT?!" throughout the whole show. Mostly because of crazy amazing things happening, and partly because of the chaos trippy-ness that was going on around me. I can guarantee you can see this show multiple times and see something different every time. Amazing! Great job, CDS!
4	It was a entertaining. show.    This was my family's first cirque and our family loved it.  We were in the very last row and I'm glad we took the advice of many who said to not pay extra for closer seats.   We got discounted tickets due to a summer promotion so we paid roughly $70/ticket in 2013.
5	This was an amazing show, for my first Cirque du Soleil show, anyways. Good Beatles music and fantastic audio quality! They said 3 speakers per seat! I'm astonished at how they stored all of that stuff in such a seemingly small area...
5	I. Loved. This. Show. The tickets are quite pricey, but you will get your money's worth out of it. Cirque Du Soleil really proves that circuses can be entertaining without animals.The sound is loud, but AMAZING. The theater is circular and has stadium seating, so you will get a good seat no matter where you are seated. Each seat has 3 speakers: one on the back of the seat in front of you and two on either side of the headrest. If only more movie theaters did that...In general, I enjoyed the show. The costumes, acrobatics, dancing, music, EVERYTHING was great.
5	Fantastic!  Loved every single second of this show.  Whoever is behind the making of this show is a creative genius.  I liked this show so much better than Ka at the MGM.  A must see while in Vegas!
3	to me another show with the "cirque" stamp to make you pay the "cirque" price.. the show was fun and intresting and at times mind bending but the one thing i had an issue with was that there was SOOO much going on at times you felt like you were missing out. also there wasnt many acrobatics in the show more like coreography to the beatles music itself. all in all i did enjoy it and its worth a watch especially if you like the beatles...but if you want to be completly "WOW'd" by the vegas cirque XP, try out KA or O. :)
5	Simply amazing. Worth the cost. Soundtrack was incredible and performance was unreal.
5	There aren't many times in your life when you can see something as magical as this and feel like you've crossed into some sort of dimension where this was all done just for you. After I saw this show I felt like Jodie Foster at the end of Contact- "...should've ...sent...a poet." It was indescribably fun. And with mixed drinks that were tailored to the show (I had a 'Here Comes The Sun'), there was no way you weren't going to walk away without a smile. I'm not going to tell you anything about it. Just go.
5	worth every penny.   perfectly brilliant. going again soon.
5	This really was the best show I have ever seen! It has a huge WOW factor. You will be totally immersed is sound and visual stimulation. We had front row seats and they were amazing. I loved how the performers interacted with the audience. I can't wait to go again!!
5	All I can say was this blew my mind. After a lack of fulfilling Vegas shows this was out of this world. Very courteous ticket staff and the show.....definitely the most creative Vegas experience I've had yet. Perfect for all ages an the music is always sweetness to my ears.
5	Best show EVER! Cirque entertains to Beatles tunes. Couldn't stop singing
5	loved it! need i say more?
5	I LOVED "Love."  I'm not a huge Beatles fan by any means, but I still got into the spectacle and pageantry that is this Cirque du Soleil show at the Mirage.  People and props fly onto and off of the stage in a dizzying, frenetic whirl of energy and excitement.The show focuses on the music.  It's less of a circus and more of a performance art piece.  You may not see as many circus acts as you might expect, but the choreography and theatrics make up for it.Also, the drinks they sell in the lobby are pretty strong and reasonably priced.  We got a large Hard Day's Night, and it was well worth it.
3	This show was fine. I am beginning to think that there are just too many Cirque shows in LV. I was hoping for more from this show. It was mildly entertaining. I wouldn't recommend it unless you were able to get discount tix. The parachute they role over the crowd was pretty fun and the dudes on roller blades were pretty awesome.
5	I love CDS shows, and LOVE was no exception, my husband the musician of the house, really enjoyed the imagery that accompanied the awesome new arrangements and the beautiful treatments they gave to The Beatles music!Very much recommend it!
5	This show is amazing!!! Wow, Cirque really did this one right! This has to be my favorite Cirque show in Vegas.It doesn't matter is you are a Beatles fan or not....you will have a good time at this one!   LOVE has a ton of energy.   Music (and I am really a Beatles fan) and audio is loud in a good way.  All the seats have their own speakers in the headrests.  Because of the layout of the theater, you will not always be looking just straight ahead.  Things happen all around you and over your head.  Sit higher up in the sections to get a better view of everything.May be a bit loud for the little ones and it does get really dark at points.
4	Love the Beatles...  Loved the show.
4	I am a 34 year old guy who is not usually into live shows and not a fan of Beatles music though I do think they have a couple good songs.  I was very impressed with the show as I felt I was in a dream the way everything played out.  You will know what I mean if you see it and you will not be disappointed.
5	I LOVED this show! I went on my birthday and I had purchased my tickets in advance at the lowest price. My luck struck and when we were waiting for the show to start we were offered closer seats (2nd row!!!) couldn't get any better! Check out the show you will not be disappointed!
5	Before seeing Beatles Love, I knew that it would be great...It surpassed every expectation, it was awesome. I literally got goose bumps, multiple times. Enough said.
5	Amazing!!! Well done Cirque Du Soleil, what an enjoyable show, just a great great time with amazing Iconic music that pays off in Aces!!! They really did the Beatles justice in my opinion, we went with my wife and her mother who is from Brazil and we all enjoyed the show immensely!!!I would have to say that I would see it again!
5	WONDERFUL SHOW!!!!!! Just amazing! GO SEE IT!! We needed accessible seating and the nice lady let us in early and we got to pick out seats! Ticket price was great. Sign up for the M rewards card(its free) BEFORE you buy tickets...it will give you huge discount. The show itself was amazing! Perfectly done. If you are in front row a guy comes around with the dry ice smoke in a can and takes it around by the people and puts the smoke on your hair its quite funny. However we have these two old fart grump a**'s next to use who were being real jerks to the guy with the dry ice. They have a huge sheet type thing that goes over the people int he audience's pretty cool...unless your claustrophobic. They also take pictures of you and your family before the show and at the end you cam look at them and buy them in the cool frame. If your pictures came out good then buy it, it is great keep sake. Beware a water is like $10 so better to eat before you go to the show.
5	Well done show.  Tight performance by group and the music was wonderful.  Very well 'imagined' interpretation of the music with the acrobatics.  Good us of video with show.  Only issue I had with the show was that it ended, could have enjoyed another hour easily!
5	This may just be my favorite Cirque do Soleil show.  I've gotten a little tired of them in general, but I was completely impressed by this visually beautiful presentation with great music.  I like the Beatles, but I don't know that I would call myself a huge fan, but the show really did justice to the music. I think what I liked was that it was much more like a play than like a circus of acrobats... and, they have some really unique things that I'v never seen in other shows.It is definitely worth seeing.  I refuse to give away the spoilers because much of the excitement comes from being surprised and amazed, but go if you can.  Its truly original.
3	I was a little disappointed in Love because all I'd heard were rave reviews from friends & family.  Guess my expectations were a little high.  I'm a huge fan of Cirque du Soleil and have seen both Mystere and "O" twice.  Those have been my two favorite shows.Seems like the musical shows are sub par compared to the high bar that CDS has set for itself.  I was also underwhelmed by Elvis three years ago.  That show is now closed.  While Vegas was packed two weekends ago during the I Heart Radio festival weekend the Love theatre was only about 2/3rds full during the late show.  I purchased my tickets that morning.  I wouldn't attend Love unless you can get discounted, or 2 for 1 tickets.  I paid $180 for 2 and if I had paid full retail I would have been pissed.
3	If I had known it was a musical and not an acrobatic show I wouldn't have paid for the fancy tickets. 250$ was way too much for this show.Don't get me wrong, the production, sound, costumes, and dancing was all great. Love the Beatles, and the little story lines that went along with all the songs were really fun. (But WHY NO HELTER SKELTER???) However, I was expecting to be blown away by first-class acrobatic acts, as I have been by all the other Cirque shows I have seen. I would watch it again, but would get the cheapest seats available.
5	Beetles Love..We had a bit of a wait to get the tickets at will call but it was a smooth experience and we were able to actually pick up all of our show tickets at the same time (we were seeing Zumanity a couple days later). The show itself was pretty good. This is one I had been waiting to see. Seats were great and really no complaints at all.
1	Totally underwhelming compared to other Cirque shows. I'm not sure how to explain my disappointment, just that the music and acoustics were the only highlight for me. Too many people running around the stage that you can't focus on one thing. I will stick to "O" and Mystere.
5	I absolutely enjoyed this show more than any Cirque du Soleil i've experienced over the years.If you are a Beatles fan it is required to experience this show to call yourself a "fan." You don't need to have a personal list of obscure favorites tracks to enjoy the music and show's unity - which was done brilliantly for anyone to enjoy. Inside the over the top performance adds a story of love and social change throughout England and America during the rise of the Beatles. Show time is roughly 2 hours and is worth every second of your time you spend here.Beverage prices run between $8-15.00 for some of the larger mixed cocktails. On tap is several "imported" ales such as Heineken and New Castle brown ale. Food is offered but is mainly snacks such as pretzels and popcorn and carries a similar pricing to the drinks. Outside in the lobby authentic pieces from the Beatles are on display among hundreds of different souvenirs to remember your visit.    MLife cards will get you a 30% which is better than Tix 4 Tonight (at least during my visit). I highly recommend sitting in the 2nd tiered seats, as the closest rows are slightly overwhelming and make it more difficult to view the show in its full entirety.  5 Stars.
5	I have been to this show several times and it is by far the best show I have ever been to.  If you are looking for something special to do while in Vegas this show should be on your list.  I am also a huge Beatles fan so...
3	it was good, but I wouldn't be back.  great seating (front row balcony)...as we could see everything going on.  90 minutes in length.  $91 a ticket (20% online discount), so I didn't feel ripped off, as that's a good deal for what you get.  show was very colorful and entertaining.  "remixed" Beatles tunes throughout.  so much going on, that you would need to see it a second time to appreciate everything.  performers were great (as usual at a Cirque show), but maybe seemed a bit off (overall).
5	Fan-freaking-tactic. We had a big group out in Vegas for our wedding and we chose to see Love because we love Beatles music and were staying in the Mirage. It was phenomenal. Each song had a story told by the performers. They are so unbelievably talented. The two hours flew by. You can bring drinks in as long as they are in plastic cups (we got slushy drinks from a little place close to the entrance). My husband made the comment "this is an ADD person's dream come true!" because there is so much going on at once!!! It wasn't overwhelming, though. I would see it again in a heart beat. Two thumbs way up.
4	Every time I'm in Vegas (at least twice a year) I make sure to see "Love." It's not as acrobatic or breathtaking as some of the other Cirque shows, but what it lacks in those respects, it makes up for many times over with the music. My parents went to Vegas on the same weekend as me a few months ago and I took them to this show. My mom will openly admit she's not much of a Beatles fan, but she still had as much of a blast as my dad did. If you are even a slight Beatles fan, you'll be able to sing along to every song. Definitely a show everyone needs to see at least once.
5	Got this Free from MyVegas, I'm surprise that I end liking it since i hated all the other shows. I've seen KA, O, Zumanity and Zarkana,  and this one entertain me the most..
1	Boring piece of crap. I can't believe I lost 90 minutes of my life sitting here. Thankfully I walked out before it ended. Buy the cd, listen to the music but don't waste your time or money on this.
5	LOVE'd it!!!! First cirque show I've seen, totally worth the time and effort to get to Vegas.  Would see it again if it was playing somewhere else (not a fan of Vegas) excellent song choices, loved the interview clips and silhouettes of the Fab Four, great seats (row M) didn't appear to be a bad seat in the theater, very intimate and wellPlanned seating chart
4	Good show, but some criteria to help you decide whether to go for Love or some other cirque show:- there's less acrobatic acts than other cirque shows, but more emphasis on choreography, sets, and other action on stage. Depends on what you like.- most of the acrobatic displays are aerial, and no stunt type acts- read up a bit on Beatles history before going to fully appreciate- it's a very small theatre, so even the worse seats are pretty close to the stage!- there's also loads of half price offers floating around all the time, so check those out before booking- the show is about 2 hours longAnd don't forget to catch the Mirage volcano eruption at the entrance to the building! Erupts every hour in the evening, so time your arrival/departure at The Mirage.
4	Overall, I would recommend this show to visitors and friends. It's fun, and more interactive than some of the other CIrque shows, and I sang most of the time.What I liked: The whole experience is very Beatles. As you're walking in, the usher are dressed like 60s mod versions of Tower of London Beefeaters. It's hard to get a bad seat in the theater, and actually, I was told the better seats are higher up because you have a wider view of all the action. When you're sitting closer to the stage, you end up looking up and around a lot as you're trying to see everything. The costumes were beautiful, and or course, I love the Beatles, so I found myself singing a lot.What I didn't like:For me, the show started off on a high note, with Britain in its post-WWII days and how the four lads from Liverpool rose to fame. As the show went on, it was a little harder to follow the story (as is typical of most Cirque du Soleil shows.) The other thing that really bothered me is that at one point, the dancers started yelling in that made-up Cirque de Soleil tribal language. What the heck does that have to do with the Beatles?! It was just so out of place for this particular show. I also wish they had picked some more upbeat songs. There were some low/depressing moments in the show. How it compares to other Cirque shows: I actually liked the Beatles Love show better than "O" and "KA" but it's not my favorite. That title would have to go to Zumanity. While it's for a completely different audience, I didn't see any low points or annoying tribal yelling in that show. Zumanity is totally worth your money.
5	AMAZING!!I highly recommend LOVE.  I was so moved by this show it literally brought me to tears.  Can't wait to see it again next time im in Vegas.  Spend the extra money ... Get good seats.
5	Even if you're just a casual fan of the beatles you'll love this show. I personally am a big fan and I enjoyed the shit out of this show. I went with 2 friends who were less versed with beatles music than I am, but even they loved it and said they'd see it again.
5	Amazing!!!My man and I have been wanting to see this show for years and one day after work, he surprised me with front row tickets. I literally cried about the first 6 songs. It was magical. I've been a fan of the beatles and the power of their music for my entire life, since the diaper days. Just the reality in music back then is so much more moving especially when all you hear on the radio is about drinking,sex,strippers,drugs. Unfortunately I easy born in the era, but the music is enticing. This show was the closest thing to what I had imagined in my dreams. Just the insane acts, the dancing, just everything was powerful. I was a complete baby and cried and still get chills thinking about it. I have seen cirque du soliel ka for Mother's Day but this blew it out of the water. Next to see is "O" hopefully that makes the top of the list. Go get your butts to this show!!!
5	A FRIKKEN AMAZING!!!!!!!!!My boyfriend and I went to see it, finally.  I am so glad we did because this was the best show I have ever seen and I have seen quite a few in Las Vegas.  If anyone thinks of going, don't think just go and I promise you won't regret it. THERE ARE NO BAD SEATS IN THE THEATER.  I did not pay for the best seats and glad I did not because the way they built this theater was great.  I can't express how great this show was. Literally I was in tears from amazment and happiness.  AGAIN, GO SEE IT!!!!
5	I am a Cirque du Soleil enthusiast and have seen most of their shows. This one was unbelievable, one of their best!!! Yes it plays Beatles music and the dancing/acts are put in context with their songs, but it is so much more than a Beatles show. The lighting, sound, aerial acts, stage movements, clever use of draping, cool minimalist sets - everything is exquisite and very well executed! It was so good that we wanted to catch the second show of the night right after we watched the first one :D Go see it!
5	This was our third time seeing LOVE and our complimentary seats in section 209 provided us with an excellent view.  Cirque du Soleil's creativity and the acrobatic agility of the performers set to the music of the Beatles made for an entertaining experience.
5	LOVE is my first Cirque de Soleil experience so I have nothing else to compare it to but this show was one of the most amazing things I have ever seen! My husband & I went last month & we were both blown away. We decided to purchase some of the more expensive tickets but all the seats are awesome. The show takes up so much space & the auditorium isn't big enough to have a bad seat. I am a hue Beatles fan which is what motivated me to choose this show over other Cirque de Soileil acts &  was so impressed. I think my love for the Beatles just made me appreciate it that much more! I would highly recommend this to anyone who is a fan of the Beatles or Cirque de Soileil or both. You will be gripped from the start! Good for the Mirage, because they have something spectacular with this one! It was so much fun & worth every penny.
5	This show was amazing!!!! The music the performers everything it was an all around great experience for young and old.  I brought my husband because he wanted to watch a cirque show and I was leaning towards the mj one but decided to go with this one and I am so glad I did.  There is not a bad seat in the house.  We sat in the second row from the stage and I wish we were sitting further back just so we could see all around the stage.  I cant wait to go back and bring my 10 year old daughter to see this she would love it.
5	I loved the show!
5	I spent 2 hours in pure amazement.  A great story line with awesome music! I enjoyed that they didnt just play their most popular songs.
3	This was my first and only Cirque du Soleil show and I was not very impressed. I have literally dreamed about seeing Cirque du Soleil for years, but living in Iowa, never had the opportunity to do so. Maybe I had Cirque du Soleil built up in my mind, but I was expecting more acrobatics, contortionists, trapeze artists, etc.  Although the music was familiar and the acts entertaining, it just wasn't what I was expecting out of the infamous Cirque du Soleil! It was still a good show, don't get me wrong - but I think maybe people just gravitate towards what they are familiar with? I would have much rather seen a more talent oriented show rather than a music oriented on like the Beatles LOVE. I will definitely give Cirque du Soleil another chance in the future to impress me - hopefully one of their other shows will be more exciting!Also - this was the most expensive Cirque show - if it is your first Cirque show, I would suggest going to one of the less expensive ones!!!
5	A must if you're in Vegas and a Beatles fan! This was one of the best shows we've seen and it was one of the best things we did while in Vegas. Not a bad seat in the house, excellent music and the dancers were amazing. Got our tickets discounted via travelzoo.com promotion.
1	I'll give half star if I can. LOVE is my third Cirque du Soleil show. I've seen KA and O. LOVE is definitely the worst one I've ever seen so far. My husband and I spent $126 per person to get the front row seat. The show is soooooooo boring and my husband fell asleep during the show. The music is re-mixed and just way too loud. Sometimes I can't hear what they sing clearly. The dancing was not bad. I guess if you are the Beatles fan, you'll enjoy the show much more. If you are not the big fan of Beatles, then just buy a CD would be totally enough. Do not waste your time and money for the show.
5	If you love the beatles, you will love this show. End of story. It's not the same as other cirque shows, but it couldn't be. The more you know about the beatles, the more you will enjoy this show. I'm not going into detail, as I don't want to give things away. There are a lot of cirque elements, you just have to look for thrm. There are things happening everywhere and I suggest sitting farther from the stage to catch it all. The people up close seemed to be missing a lot, and they paid far more than I did to see this show. So, all in all, sit midway to the back to enjoy the ENTIRE show!
5	This was the most spectacular show I have ever seen. Simply mind blowing. I have never been to any of the other Cirque shows but I can't imagine anything surpassing Love. We sat in the far back E section  and had no trouble at all seeing. There is not a bad seat in the house. I would see this show again and again.
2	We've seen a lot of Cirque shows and this was the worst yet.  There's mostly actors and dancers but few stunt people.  Too much time is spent with the actors and not enough time with performance art.  I guess it's all about the music...and that's a good thing.  The show is very dark and spends way too much time in dark, dingy England with hippies.  I would have loved to see more bright beautiful scenes with lots of lighting.  If you love the music, buy the CD...it's amazing!!  Wonderfully remixed for the show.  What's the deal with the rain boots and tricycles?
5	I have seen the Cirque du Soleil Beatles LOVE twice in the past couple of years. I love the music, the imagery and the acrobatics. The rest is somewhat confusing.However, the Beatles show needs to be refreshed to keep up with the competition, namely Michael Jackson's One down the street. The hot new Cirque du Soleil show .
4	The show is enjoyable especially if you are a Beatles fan. To quote the Frommers Guide "The show is a bit thin on plot not unlike many Cirque productions." It was quite a spectacle and you leave smiling.There were several people a few rows in front of us who kept moving around during the show and I found that distracting and was disappointed that the ushers didn't do anything about it.
5	I love LOVE.  If you're a Beatles fan, you will adore this show.  Not as Cirque as some of the other shows, but good dancing, acrobatics, and coordination.  And the music is an interesting mix.  The theater is small so even cheap seats (which we had, in the back back back row) were great.  Go, spend what you can for seating, relax, and enjoy the show.Also, check for tickets on your m-life account for discounts and/or stop by the tix4tonight booth as they had some when I was in town.
5	All you need is LOVE, LOVE is all you need...I LOVED LOVE. LOVE Cirque Du Soleil and The Beatles. 'Nuff said?
5	Our show had a 15 minute delay in the middle due to technical issues and it was still one of the best shows I have ever seen. It does help to be more than a casual fan of the Beatles but even a passing fan will enjoy the spectical.
4	If you like the Beatles, then you'd most definitely enjoy this tribute show. There was not a dull moment.. great dancing and acrobatics. Worth every penny so go enjoy this show!Tip: check your m-life account for discounts!
2	I have seen several other Cirque shows which I absolutely loved and raved about.  This one is not anywhere close to what the others offer.  Not many acrobats either.  It was a decent show, just not worthy of having the "Cirque" name attached to it.  Our show was only an hour and a half long.... I want to say that other shows are a little longer.... but I didn't care because I found myself getting a little bored here and there whereas, with the other shows, I was completely mesmerized from beginning to end.  This one just wasn't very impressive.  Perhaps its because I love the music Cirque used in the other shows that I have seen (2 were local, traveling ones-- I think one was named Drallion and the other was Mystere in Vegas)...... Those definately deserved 5 stars!
5	the beatles love by cirque du soleil was an amazing, outstanding, mesmerizing, and incredibly beautiful show. i loved it. read no further, just go see this show.
2	I give these guys lots of credit obviously with their amazing talent, but this was nothing more than a bunch of random circus acts, colorfully dressed, and performing to the sounds of the Beatles. Besides that, this is just a variety show.I guess I'm more of a theater person and would have enjoyed this show a lot more if it mixed in a great story line, along with acrobatics.I probably was not alone on this because there was a person sitting in the front row that couldn't keep his eyes open. He was nodding in and out of consciousness.... although that could of been because of a handful of things in LV.
5	There is nothing not to like about this show.  I am by no means a Beatles die hard and I loved everything about the show.  The music and acoustics were amazing.  The aerials and stage were mystifying.  I read that they spent over $100 million building the stage and it shows.  It's truly amazing!  I know it's slightly different that other Cirque shows, but you will not be disappointed!Just a note, but we got our tickets on Travelzoo for half off.  $65 a ticket was a lot easier to stomach than the full price.
5	Definitely one of the best experiences of my life. I would go to this show again and again.I am a Beatles fan and I was mesmerized.I had seen Ka before this and knew that Cirque was capable of greatness, but with Love, they just took things to a new level.Hats off!
4	Great show. From all Cirque Du Soleil's, this one is definitely the most colorful, fun & crazy. Saw it twice, loved it better at the second time.
4	Roll up for the Magical Mystery Tour!  The plot for the entire performance was fairly close to none, but they did try to bring to life the characters of some of the songs that were played.  From Eleanor Rigby to Fr. McKenzie to Lucy to Jude to Mr. Kite to Julia to Sgt. Pepper...  Then there's the Octopus's Garden, too.  "Oh what joy for every girl and boy!"The show was relatively short at about 1:30, but it was enjoyable nevertheless.  For me, this was more of a celebration of the music of the Beatles rather than the colorfully clad acrobats doing their act.  Several tracks were remixed and mashed up and as a fan of their music, I could say that I found them refreshing.The vignettes about the Fab Four were absolutely cool.  I thought they could have used more of those and maybe stretch out the show to about 2 hours.  Not to mention the numerous Beatles songs to choose from.  Overall, there seemed to be some misses here and there, "but it all works out; It doesn't matter much to me...  Strawberry fields forever..."
3	I liked the experience but amidst the performance the show came to a halt. The ushers informed us that it was some type of safety mechanism that stops the performance to prevent a mishap. With that said, this whole issue that lasted a good 30 mins brought the overall review down a peg or two.
3	Let me start by saying this was a fun show with great music.  It helps that I'm a Beatles fan.  I had to refrain from singing along (since I knew all the songs).This is the second Cirque-like show I've seen.  The first was Le Reve (we lucked into free tickets).  I have since learned Le Reve wasn't a Cirque show, but it definitely is Cirque-like.  So while I wouldn't classify myself as an aficionado, I do have a basis for comparison.  As my rating indicates, the show was OK.  It was enjoyable.  It was fun.  But it wasn't great.First, the athleticism I saw in Le Reve was mostly missing from this show.  There was some acrobatics, but not nearly as much as I expected.  And on several occasions the action was almost frenetic.  It was difficult to focus on the performances because there was too much going on.  Le Reve did not suffer this problem.Second, the story wasn't as clear as Le Reve.  It seemed almost like a lot of random stunts and tricks without much purpose.  Le Reve I could see the story they were telling.  I know the story of Sgt Pepper, but it was still hard to follow the story in this show.So, even though I am a huge Beatles fan, I would recommend Le Reve before I would recommend this show.  The story was easier to follow, the show was more visually interesting, and the acrobatics were more impressive.  Only the music was better in this show, but if you already have the CDs you can listen to the music at home.
2	Excellent costumes amd great music however the show lacked the wow factor generally associated with cirque du soleil performances. Additionally there was minimal acrobatics and a weak storyline.
5	I wish I could give this more than 5 stars. It was seriously mind blowing and not to sound too dramatic, but it was almost life changing. This show was gorgeous and absolutely spectacular. If you do anything at all in Vegas, make sure it is this-- you will not regret it!
5	Just incredible.  We missed the show last year and had friends tell us it was amazing and not to miss.  We had guests ranging from 26 - 71 and we all loved it.  Breathtaking!!!
5	Loved Loved Loved this show. If you are a Beatles fan it is a must see. Their isn't much of a story but rather it is a great visualization to go along with some of the best Beatles songs, and the performers were amazing. It's a small theater setting which gives it an intimate feel. My only complaint is I wish I had time to see it again.
5	I've been to Vegas more times than I can count, but I had still never seen a Vegas show. Probably because I was too cheap. But I was determined to see one this time, but I had to make it a good one. After reading tons of reviews, I decided this was the Cirque show to see. I didn't walk in as a huge Beatles fan, but I think I might be one now! The show was incredible. After the first 10 minutes, I was hooked. It was so polished and beautiful. The music had a nice flow and was mixed very well. Also, the pacing was excellent. I had heard that O had dull parts, which I wanted to avoid. This one had very few breaks in the action. There were so many things to watch that I couldn't possibly see everything. I chose C section seats as some of the reviews suggested, and they were a perfect view of the action. To be clear, this wasn't about a major storyline. There were some interesting recurring characters. But to me, it had themes of unrequited love, fighting against unjust authority, celebrating individuality, and embracing and loving your fellow man.Now I want to go back to this show every time I'm in Vegas. I can't really think of a higher compliment.
2	The performers are very good at what they do, and I appreciate and applaud their talents and hardwork. The four young men in the show were adorable. The poor rating is because Love is not like the Cirque shows I have come to expect. Love has minimal acrobatics and a confused/mish-mosh story line. I feel completely mislead thinking I was attending a Cirque show. Please see Love only if you truly are a fan of the Beatles (so you can sing along and forget what type of show you are supposed to be attending)
5	For a child of the 60s and a huge Beatles fan, this was quite possibly the greatest gift to myself I have ever received.This is a must see for anyone not just a Beatles fan. It was a visual eyegasm. This is not your normal Cirque show where people are doing all sorts of goofy things that could kill the mere mortal, it was a combination of interpretive dance and things that you will never be able to do. It is about the music, which is like you never heard it before. I have been clean and sober for 8 years now, and it's the first time in a long time I thought to myself, this would be awesome stoned. Sober or stoned, it was awesome.It has a great storyline which is easy to follow if you have half a brain. It's the story of the Beatles and us. If you don't know the Beatles story you are either too young, meaning 6 years old or less, or too stupid. This was so much fun, and it solidifies that the Beatles were the greatest musical group ever that changed the world. Will go back again with different people so they can LOVE LOVE as much as I did.
4	I'm not one who worships everything Cirque du Soleil does but I did enjoy this show. I like the Beatles and enjoyed this show. If you're not a Beatles fan and don't like their music I'm not sure how much you'd enjoy the show. This show doesn't so much have a real plot as it is more Beatles music with different stunts, performances, etc so don't get too hung up on trying to follow the plot. I sat near the top of the round theater and from what I could tell those seats might let you see the entire stage better than the more expensive seats. Hopefully you're enjoying the show since if not the seats are so comfortable you could probably fall asleep.I was able to get 2 for 1 tickets through My Vegas which made it even better. I'm not sure if it's worth $120 each but I enjoyed the show and would recommend it, especially if you get discount tickets.
3	Huge Beatles fan here so maybe it was the years of built up anticipation of combining the awe of Cirque with the greatest group of all time that lead to a 3-star rating. The yelpers who said the show lacked the "wow factor" hit it right on the head. 90% of the show seemed like the level of choreography a high school could put on with a heightened costume budget.  After seeing 5 other cirque shows, this one let me down. I noticed a lot of the 5 star reviews came from people who had yet to see a cirque show and this was their first.
5	"All You Need Is Love." - John LennonMirage spending a lot marketing this show; you can see a huge Beatle Love Logo from their Hotel.  After all, they invest like 100 millions in innovation the stage.  These stages used to be the iconic Siegfried & Roy Magic show with the white lions and tigers.   One of the big cost of the new stage is in fact all 2,000 seat have an individual speakers placed in the back.  That feature help bring the sound balance in all seats.  In addition, the stage can be open and close just like other Cirque du Soleil, except no water in this one.  However, a lot of perfume foggy effect, and many high-tech lighting systems.The entrance to the show was nicely done; it felt like you walk to an upscale nightclub.  The show is a lot more about the music, is really the heart and souls of the Cirque Du Soleil acrobat performers.  Performer of all ages were part of the show, some stunts does not look like it had any safety strap despite been like over 100 feet in the air.  The best act I think was the Come Together, that act was flawless it require perfect timing between several performer. That song was a great fit of the act.  Not every act was excellent, but there more than a few dozen would wow you.This is my first time watching Cirque Du Soleli, and I am definite a fan of them.  Looking forward to see the famous water show like O and Le Reve.  I basically got this show for free view the special hotel reservation promotion.  The shows tickets value were higher than our hotel stay in the Monte Carlo.  At top of that, our seat were been upgrade from balcony to second row !
5	Omg this show is incredible... Amazing choreography music and all around fun... Then i got a backstage tour what an amazing night...
5	I don't want to write a lengthy review, as there are a million of those already.Hubbie and I have seen all the Cirque show, but weren't interested in this, as I don't care for Beatles music. I know, I know, cut me some slack, lol. But I kept hearing that this show was the best Cirque show. So we finally went. And everyone was right. This was by far the BEST Cirque show there is. Just one word of caution. If you are LEAST bit sensitive to weird lights or prone to seizures don't go to a Cirque show.  I had to keep closing my eyes because of the blinking lights. I just know to do this, so it didn't diminish my experience much. I can't even begin to tell you how much in awe I was of the mechanicals of this show and the engineering it must have taken to get this show running. Kudos to the designers and engineers behind the scenes as the incredible performers often get the only acknowledgment. The ONLY negative I have is the cattle call to get in the theater. You would think there would be a better way of getting 2000 people into the theater than just everyone standing around, and then the theater opening and having people cut in line, or jump in front of those that have been respectfully standing in line.  But I think that's just rude people overall.
5	My favorite show in Las Vegas so far! I am such a fan of The Beatles, and was excited to check out what the show would be like and how the music would be incorporated. I am happy with how a lot of music was somehow remixed or played throughout the show. The whole theater has a "Liverpool" ambiance, with the ushers dressed up in costumes, and every seat is a "good" seat, you can't go wrong where you sit! My favorite acts were "Something", "Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds" and "Come Together".The only downside, not really for me, but for others would be that there is not real story or plot line being followed, so when the show ends, you're left feeling kind of puzzled. But like I said, it's not a big deal if you are a fan of the music or The Beatles themselves.
1	This show is TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!! I fell asleep. I don't understand how this show has survived so long, it was a choreographic disaster. No tricks, no stunts, terrible dancing, and boring boring boring. I went with 6 other people and we all HATED IT, including a 10 year old who said it was the worst thing she's ever seen.
3	This show was good, but I wish it was more cohesive. I love the Beatles and it was cool to go see this show on the Beatles' 50th anniversary of coming to the US. The music was great. The visuals were stunning. The only issue I had with it was there was no story... there was no cohesion.... it was hard to watch for the entirety of the show because it felt like a huge mish mosh of things. Additionally, the songs were acted out literally in many cases, which was not necessary. I did think there were some acts that were far better than others and could have done without some of the less impressive acts with basic dancing... not really what you are expecting from Cirque. Anyway, it certainly wasn't bad, but I don't know that I would recommend it either. One thing is for sure...it was way better than Zarkana.
5	If you're looking for a family-friendly show and are willing to splurge, then look no further. Locals, make sure you check out the 2 for $99 discount (I think it's on Sundays). This is the ultimate Cirque du Soleil because of the BEATLES music of course. While the other shows have the "exotic background" type music, this one goes all out with the Beatles' catchy tunes. Totally makes the show much more lively and exciting. It's all the typical Cirque stunts but on a much larger scale since it's a HUGE HUGE HUGE space. If you want to save money, you really can't go wrong with seats higher up. Since it's such a large-scale show you can really see things from every angle.The only downside was, unlike other Cirque shows, there's not much of a pre-show.
5	Best Cirque in Vegas even if you aren't a Beatles fan.I am a Beatles fanatic, and the end of the this show has me in tears every time. I have seen it 6 times now. The costumes and stage sets are jaw dropping. The remix of original Beatles music is inventive and alone worth of a standing ovation. They did a fantastic job of mixing traditional Cirque acrobatics with more modern dance choreography. Very original. If you are local, make sure you take advantage of the 2/$99 if you can (if it's still on). It's such a great deal for this show.
2	Not sure why this show got such rave reviews. I was lucky enough to get a 2 for 1 deal, so I got tickets to see this highly recommended show. I've seen other Cirque shows which did not disappoint- Ovo, Iris, and Totem. Maybe I went to the show with high expectations, but Love definitely did not meet my standards. I didn't understand the story, there were not "circus"-like acts, too much contemporary dancing, and I dozed off here and there. I enjoyed the music, but not the acts. One thing I do remember about the show were the cool lights. I don't recommend paying full price for this show.
2	So I'm a pretty big Beatles fan....that being said, this show was zzzzz snore fest.  It felt like a ballet meets the Russian Sochi opening games.  Kinda cool. Music was good but your thinking what the hell am I watching?  What's with the bald guy blowing smoke on people?  Didn't know stomp had anything to do with the Beatles... The music was great.  The venue fantastic. The show.... mediocre. Go to this show only if it's free. Otherwise go see something else. Like Absinthe or O.
4	I was going to give this Cirque show 3 stars. 3 STARS!!!  Yep. 5-star K.D. (I give everything 5 stars, everyone who reads my reviews knows this) WAS GOING TO GIVE A CIRQUE SHOW 3 STARS! Then I calmed down. First, some background about me, I love Cirque shows. No... I have an OBSESSION with Cirque shows. You know those people who watch Star Wars movies a hundred times? Well, I'm like that, except with Cirque shows. I could probably sing-along the entire Ka soundtrack and I don't even know what I'm saying! But I can sing it because I must've heard that soundtrack a hundred times.  So... this Beatle's LOVE is a one and done deal for me. I bumped it up to a four stars because I read my Yelpie friends review of the show and they've convinced me it was a good show. Also the bf loved it and he'll kill me if he finds out I gave it 3 stars (it was our Valentines Day gift. Giving LOVE on Valentines, get it? Awwww).  Firstly, it's not a Cirque show. Outside of the few aerial acrobats, and the trampoline artists, there are NO acrobatic acts throughout the show. You could say the roller skates act was acrobatic... but c'mon... it wasn't even that good. I bet the local skate park has skaters just as talented who could do cooler tricks. It's a lot of dancing! Lots of really cool dancing and special effects. So, if you go in with the mindset of it's a musical, you won't be as disappointed. PROTIP: go to the show when you're stoned senseless. No honestly, the acts will make a lot more sense if you're high. The whole thing is like a psychedelic dream episode anyways. You're not suppose to watch it, but FEEL it. As much as I didn't like the show, I want to see it again, stoned. I bet it's fantastic stoned. I will say their interpretation of Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds was one of the most amazing things I have ever seen in my life. And their Get Back number was cool too. But for $140 for balcony seats for two... I say, pass. There's better shows in town.
5	DATE: Sunday, February 16, 2014TIME: 7:00 PMSECTION: 209ROW: SSEATS: 40-41The Beatles have been such an impact in my life since childhood. My dad would always turn on the radio every Sunday morning to hear Breakfast with the Beatles and even blast their songs on the cassette player in the car. Growing up listening to them was like a rite of passage. And now that they have a show in Vegas it has been a dream of mine to finally hear their music live. The bf found a great deal on travelzoo.com for $70 each (service fees/taxes already included). It was the best offer since other shows like O, Zumanity and Michael Jackson's One were more than $100. We wanted to stay budget-friendly so it was the ideal choice for us.Our seats were all the way in the back but don't be fooled because they were still perfect. The view of the center stage still seemed close and for someone that has a pretty bad astigmatism that means a lot! It really is true--there is no such thing as a bad seat.The show promptly started at 7 pm and it was THE best and THE most entertaining 90 minutes that I have got to experience in such a long time. I won't get into specific details because I don't want to ruin it for any that haven't seen it but I will say that it was an incredibly emotional journey through their music. However, my only gripe was the weak story or lack thereof. I'm not sure if that's intentional but it just seemed kind of odd--it wasn't very smooth transitions into the next song--but all-in-all I still enjoyed the music, vibrant colors and dancing.I walked into this show with no expectations but to have a great time and I absolutely did!
5	Absolutely loved the show.  We were in row r. Seats were great.  View was great. The show seemed to play to all the seats. So it didn't seem like any seats were left out.
5	If you like the Beatles, GO.  If you like Cirque, GO.I've seen 6 Cirque shows and this is hands down my favorite.  It's on par with Mystiere.  I do love the Beatles, so I felt it was especially moving -- I wouldn't recommend it if you don't like the Beatles, since the music is such a big piece of the show.This show has it all -- music, acrobatics, dance, story line, gorgeous set, daring stunts.  LOVE LOVE.By the way, while leaving "O" I heard another guy behind me say he also thought Beatles Love was better.  It's not just me.
5	This show is an artistic masterpiece. It captures the true essence of the Beatles.  I am an avid theater goer and this show stands up to the best.
5	This was my 3rd Cirque show and I have to say it was the best so far. Being a product of the sixties I have to say it brought back a lot of fond memories
5	It's been quite a few years since I saw this show but I only recently discovered that we were able to write Yelp reviews for Cirque Du Soleil. This was the first cirque show I ever saw and I went in totally not knowing what to expect and I left totally blown away. I am now a huge fan of Cirque du Soleil and have slowly been working my way thru all their shows in Vegas.I love the Beatles and I went with my parents who are also huge fans from their youth so we all really enjoyed the music. There is not much of a story to this show but each song has it's own characters and mini performance to go along with the theme of the music. Everything was so amazing because it designed to be surreal and whimsical. Most of the other shows impress you with the athletic abilities of the performers and the technical efforts of the show designers. This one really tries to make you believe that it is all magic. It looks so effortless. It is just amazing!I think it is absolutely a must-see if you are a Beatles fan.
5	Ok so I was a virgin before this show so maybe I can't write a review and compare to others that may be better BUT for those of you that are virgins and on the fence about seeing a show, I say DO IT!!! Go for it. I loved LOVE and would see it again. So glad my girl talked me into going....thanks baby.
5	This was my first Cirque show.  My boyfriend and I went Feb 22, 2014 saturday show at 9:30pm.  It was wonderful.  We got a deal where you book two nights, you get a two tickets to a show for free.  Obviously since the seats were free, they were all the way up top.  BUT , we could see everything.  The music was awesome (duh) and the speakers in the seats was an added bonus.  I laughed, cried and smiled the ENTIRE show.  The person I was sitting next to didn't seem like she was having a good time (only con).  I hope my singing and constant foot tapping didn't annoy her too much.  Overall, great time and I would totally do it again - and pay for it next time too!  If you are a Beatles fan this is a must see!
5	More a dance show than other Cirque shows. It's pretty amazing. As always, you sat there with your mouth open taking it in. I've seen most of the shows and this one is up there. The costumes,sets and script are all pretty terrific. And then there is the Beatles Music!
5	One of the coolest things I have ever seen.The theater is designed so that there isn't a bad view in the house (360 degree/shifting stage), and stuff flies in from every corner of the arena. We sat in the third deck and had people flying over our heads all night.The things that they did in this show just blew my mind and I would recommend this show to anyone, Beatles fan or not. I have every intention of seeing it again.
1	This show is music and dance  number with very very few acrobatics,  it's not a Cirque du Soleil acrobatic and stunt master piece it's a musical.   Lots to technical problems our show was stopped in the middle for 35 minutes.   For the prices I would expect more reliability of the show, but things happen.   During the 35 min  mid show stop due to technical problems they would not tell us how long or what's going on.   Rude ushers "sorry I can't disclose any information".  The crown tried to have fun and do the wave around the theatre but the ushers began yelling at everyone to stop.   I'm sorry I paid a $100 per ticket and your show broke down and the ushers are yelling at people to stop having fun come on really.   $8 sprite that's gouging.    The staff laughed at us for asking for a discount due to the show breakdowns, delays and interruptions.   Overall I can't recommend this show.   Rude staff, mediocre performance  very little acrobatics which you would expect from a  Cirque show, technical problems and delays, and ridiculous prices for what you get.   Save your money and skip this show.
4	I wanted to take my dad there and it was a good choice. besides O is one of the best shows i've seen in Vegas. Worth it!
4	It's good but a little overpriced. I am local so waited until someone else wanted to go which was  the right choice. I probably wouldn't go again because I think there's so many other shows to see but it was entertaining.  I did see a couple people napping so if you get sleepy... beware! However, the sleepy ones still loved it. The show is aesthetically gorgeous and with lots of attention to detail. It's a huge space so not very intimate but it doesn't feel cold. I'm sure you would catch additional details if you went again but I think once is enough for me. The show played some classic Beatles songs and several that were not as popular. I appreciated this because I am a Beatles fan but if you're not you may not recognize as many songs as you think you would.
2	This was a total disappointment.  Basically the show is a long interprative dance/modern ballet with some acrobatics mixed in.  No plot, nothing jaw dropping like the other Cirque shows in Las Vegas. Just a snooze fest.  The only good part is the Beatles music, but you can hear that on your stereo at home.  No need to pay over $100 to hear Beatles songs played very loudly in a theater over loudspeakers. My advise: save your money and go see something else.
5	Amazing amazing show! I had very high expectations and this was even better than I imagined! Every seat is a good seat, the stage is amazing and unique, the costumes were beautiful, and of course, the music was perfect. This is a great show for people of all ages. There's no way to get bored when there is so much going on all around you. I definitely recommend everyone go see this. Make sure you check out the Beatles "REVOLUTION" lounge before or after the show. The bartenders are nice and it is a great atmosphere.
5	Superb show!Definitely worth the ticket price.Tip : Get seats further away from the stage (the view is much better)...
5	In general I am a big fan of Cirque du Soleil. Nearly every show I have seen there have been parts where I wondered on the uniqueness and talent of what I was seeing and Love is no exception to that. The theme helps bring everything together and there doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the house. In addition to being mesmerized by what is happening on the stage floor there is a part where the entire audience is under a large parachute that is really quite magical.
4	This is my third Cirque show and by far my favorite.  There is just so much going on in front of you and around you in combination with the music which makes it such an intense experience. I have to admit I don't get a lot of the Cirque action,but I tip my hat to those on stage who do things with their bodies that I could only dream about. All of the acrobatics were executed flawlessly and were thrilling.  Also a treat to see those very in shape male performers without a tacky venue.  A true delight for the eyes and the ears although I was picking some large confetti out of my dress after the show .I highly recommend this for anyone who is a Beatles fan(how can anyone not be).
5	Simply said, I LOVED Love.  It's as good as it gets.  We sat pretty close to the front but  I think that there is probably not a bad seat anywhere.  See it NOW!  You won't be sorry!
5	Omg! Absolutely amazing show!  I have seen several Cirque shows but this one was the best! Great performances by all. Symbolism was awesome. Several times I found myself on the edge of my seat and the show was never predictable.
5	LOVED IT! I'm not a huge Beatles fan but this show was extremely entertaining!
3	Not the best Cirque du Soleil show. It was actually disappointing, I don't believe the best Beatles songs were chosen. Some of the songs I had never even heard of. I honestly believe the best part was the beginning. Hardly any acrobat acts and the little that they did perform, I had seen at other shows and were performed better.  Too expensive and not worth it.
5	First Cirque du Soleil and it was free...there are no bad seats just an amazing performance!!!
5	I saw this show a few years ago and it was not my favorite. You would have to be a real jerk to give this show a bad review so I will give it 5 stars just like all the others. 5 stars because the music is amazing and the functionality of the stage and props not to mention the performers are again amazing. I have seen La Nouba, Love, Mystere, Zumanity, Totem and O. In the Vegas area I think Zumanity is my favorite and when it comes to the traveling shows I really liked Totem .
5	Out of all the Cirque shows I've ever been to, this is my favorite and I'm really not that huge if a Beatles music fan.I love how the stage is in a round so every person truly has a great view. The acrobatics were amazing and stunning visually. Not to give out any spoilers, the set is awesome. I agree in that this show is great for families and couples alike. Truly an enjoyable experience.
5	If you like the Beatles, stop, you'll love this.  If you like Cirque Du Soleil, stop, you'll love it.  If you can see can remember anything from the 60's, stop, you'll flash back!It's a multimedia production using the music of the Beatles as the thread to move acrobatics, costumes, light and video thru your eyes.  To bad this ain't Colorado or Washington!  Lol. Very Psychedelic ! Remember to allow time to pick up your tickets from Will Call, at least an hour before.  We were able to grab a snack at California Pizza Kitchens in The Mirage with less than an hour before show time.   Love, love, love!Next, I'd like to see a "Rolling Stones" Cirque Du Soleil.  Why not?
5	This was the best performance I've ever seen. It set the bar so high. If you like the Beatles or not you are going to love this show. The only people that don't like this show are miserable people.
4	Finally got to see this show. The music was good. The performers were good. They get the crowd involved. But if I had choice to see the Beetles or Michael Jackson show I would MJ!!!
5	MY FIRST CIRQUE DU SOLEIL & LAS VEGAS SHOWGrowing up I wasn't a Beatles fan. That changed several years ago when I saw VH1's Greatest 100 Rock & Roll Albums. I noticed that five of the Beatles' albums were in the Top 11 (#1 Revolver, #6 Rubber Soul, #8 Abbey Road, #10 Sgt. Pepper, #11 White Album). Surprisingly Chuck D of Public Enemy said his favorite Beatles' album is Revolver. He also said what makes a great album is that not every song is a hit song. When I started listening to those albums I understood what he was saying. What made the Beatles great wasn't that they wrote great songs, but they created great albums, which is considered a lost art in today's music.I didn't know what to expect from this show. I've never seen a Las Vegas show before. My boss saw this show a few years back and didn't like it. I haven't seen any Cirque du Soleil show but I wasn't sure if I would like the theatrics from the show. Also I wasn't sure if contemporary dance will be performed. Being someone who's fan of hip hop dance I'm not particular fond of contemporary dance. Also I heard there was montage or collage of Beatles' songs meaning a whole song will not be fully played. I set myself for low expectations.After watching the show I was blown away. Without detailing every song or moves, for those who are interested in watching the show, I will depict the highlights. I love the mood in the opening scene of Liverpool in WWII. For the song "I am the Walrus" there were some hip hop and b-boy moves. In sense I was shocked for this show to see a lot more b-boy moves like lock and pop as I assume the dance form for this show would be contemporary dance. Even though I'm not a fan of contemporary dance for the song "Something" there were b-boy moves yet the emotion felt through the dance moves had a contemporary dance vibe to it. If I had to summarize the choreography of the whole show there were mixtures of hip hop and b-boy moves yet there was an emotional contemporary dance feeling to it.In terms of acrobatics there was guy on a swing that was raised high in the roof. The acrobatics he did without a cable and safety net astonished me. If you're afraid of heights you will be aghast what he was doing. I'll be honest for those who are interested in more Cirque du Soleil acrobatics this show doesn't have a lot of them. This show is more about the choreography through Beatles songs. What is amazing is that the later Beatles' songs weren't meant for dancing in clubs like today's music. Their songs had pure emotion. What makes this show entertaining is the choreography telling a story through The Beatles' songs. I've performed in several hip hop showcases. The reason I was blown away after watching this show is seeing the timing of the choreography of this show amazes me because I know how much the time these dancers put in. To get the timing and sequence right, if done correctly, makes the show entertaining. That takes a lot of practice. You know are enjoying a show when you don't have to look at your watch to hope and see when the show will end. Never once had I looked at my watch while I was watching this show. Picking a Cirque du Soleil show can be difficult. I recommend picking a theme that interests you. If you love the Beatles then you will love this show.
1	First off, I asked for aisle seats live and in person at the box office. When we arrived, we found that we were indeed at the end of a row, but not an aisle.  We had to climb over 12 people to get to our seats, which made it very uncomfortable when we walked out in the middle of the performance.... very boring.Every seat in this theater-in-the-round has partially obstructed viewsDo not get me wrong, the acrobats are very talented and I am a big fan of Mystere, O and KA, but even the failed Elvis show was better than this.Do not waste your money!
5	outstanding! i loved everything about this show. it was my first cirque show and i was beyond impressed! the acrobatics, the dancing, the music, it left me loving the beatles even more than before. the stage is round so there really isn't a bad seat, no matter where you are you can see everything. the show was just fantastic!
4	Not knowing to much about The Beatles I still enjoyed the show a lot! I knew more songs than I thought I did that's for sure! The dancers are amazing, singing and dancing also the production of the entire show from beginning to end.
1	Worst. Show. Ever.Maybe if you drop acid before the performance it's awesome. But I found that other than the opening scene, the acts were either way too busy or slow and boring. And I can't tell you why they named it "Love."  This show isn't worth your time.
5	Awesome show!  The theater is round, so there honestly are not any "bad seats".  We love the Beatles, so the music and dancing were fabulous!  Compared to other Cirque du Soleil shows, there are less acrobatic tricks.  It didn't really bother us, but something to consider if you only have time for one show.
5	Holy cow! Beatles' LOVE Cirque show is hands down the best show I've seen! Visually breath-taking, stylistically surreal, beautifully choreographed and designed, powerful symbols and theme, etc. Haha couldn't help but sing along to the Beatles songs I did know lol. Love it and highly recommend it. 5 out of 5 stars easy!
5	Seen Beatles LOVE twice, first time I was sober, second time I was um do I need to elaborate? I preferred the sober show. Ever since I was a tween I absolutely loved the Beatles, When I saw this show was in Vegas I knew I had to check it out. The 200 Sections are a great view for the price, Beatles love sometimes has a 50% OFF promo via online, that's the best time to grab some tickets. Price: Level 3 I paid $88.00 for section 203, row N Seat 1 Oh my goodness the male contortionist with 100 abs got me all hot, Ugh just him alone is worthy of 5 stars. The music, Props, Dancing and Acrobatics were entertaining and kept my interest the entire time! I found myself singing along the entire time. This show is like a story, I can dig that, If you can appreciate music videos I think you will love this show but if your looking for acrobatics the entire show then look elsewhere.Oh Vegas please bring me Cirque du Soleil Dark Side Of The Moon that would make my year!!!  RANDOM FACT:The first lyrics to "Yesterday" were "scrambled eggs."
5	Ended up catching this show because O just happened to be blacked out when I was visiting Vegas. Boy, am I glad I was forced to choose LOVE instead.My seat was section209 P10. After much research, I've found that you don't necessarily want to sit in the front most row. There are some things that happen during the show, and my seat was almost perfect to get both views at a point where you will only get one point of view. Actually, I would even recommend one row lower, the O row, or one even lower than that in either section 209 or 200. There is a grayed out box in section 209 - don't worry about that. It's a soundbox or something and it will not obstruct your view at all. If the show faces any side at all, I would say its the 209 or 200 section. I got a 25% off online offer and got these tickets at $125. The set designs were seriously impressive. I am amazed at how they creatively figured out ways to make a huge visual impact. There were moments where I blurted out "wow" because it was just that cool. The show isn't so much about acrobatics like the other Cirque shows. It's more about dancing, the mood, and the creative production pieces. If you appreciate production design, you will enjoy this show. Don't worry if you aren't a huge Beatles fan - I like them, but not religiously. It was still very enjoyable. It's honestly one of the best things I've ever seen!!
5	Cirque d Soleil does no wrong in my book. Every show I have seen has totally blown me away. LOVE was AMAZING. I love the Beatles and combined with Cirque was 100% pure amazing in my book. I really enjoyed how they captured each Beatles song with dancing, lights and acrobatics. We sat in the 300's and had a great view on everything. The best part of all of the Cirque shows is that no matter where you sit you are insured a great view. The set design and sound is amazing. We got a steal of a deal on Travelzoo.com. Tickets were sort of pricey before the discount, but I would have paid for them even if I wouldn't have had the discounted tickets. I don't want to give away any spoilers but just be prepared to amaze all of your senses. I agree that even if you aren't a huge Beatles fan you would still enjoy this show.
5	Have seen Mystere...Absinthe and a couple other smaller shows.   I love this show.  For me and my friends it was by far the best.
4	This was my third Cirque show in Vegas, as well as Le Reve. I saw Ka and Mystere before this.I enjoyed Love, but felt it was missing the Cirque aspects that I really enjoy. Comparatively, this had much less of the stunts and acrobatics that make Ka, Mystere and Le Reve so amazing. It was more focused on the music and feel of that era, which was very entertaining in it's own right.For Beatles fans, this is a must see. For Cirque fans going to see shows of athleticism, I would recommend a different show.
5	I loved it ! My favorite show here in Vegas, it was amazing and in my opinion best seats are further away from the stage .
4	My 2nd Cirque du Soleil show in Vegas and I thought the show was pretty innovative. The visual effect was ABSOLUTELY stunning (probably one of the best I've seen in a show). I got the ticket online and paid $60.5 for section 201 row R through special online discount. However, there is a certain part of the show where section 100 will be involved (but not really at the same time because you are technically not doing anything). I would recommend section 200 ... it's a better view from above (and not to mention the ticket is cheaper). Performance: It felt more like a musical than an actual circus acts (80% solo / group dancing performances and 20% circus acts). Basically the show started with WWII scene and eventually moved on to 2 hours of non-stop Beatles' music.The best acrobatics act? Probably the roller skating part where all four skaters synchronized their movements. Most of acrobatics acts weren't as intense as other Cirque du Soleil shows. The downside? I do not know ALL of Beatles' songs, so I almost fell asleep on some of slow tempo songs.A must visit show for Beatles fans. If you are not a musical person and prefer more crazy and "OMG" acrobatics acts, then it might be a good idea to watch a different show.
1	I was really disappointed in this Cirque show.  I loved Mystere and "O" but this was nothing like those shows.  I struggled to stay awake for an hour before I couldn't take it anymore and left.  The show was more like a boring dance musical with old circus type clothes and everything was so random and didn't make sense.  The worse part was all the break dancing.  Yes, break dancing to the Beatles.  Seriously... Not worth the price, even if it was free.  Go see Mystere instead.
4	dont get me wrong, i'm a beatles fan, i just didn't quite know all the songs they played, i enjoyed them all nonethelessmy fav act is probably when the telephone booth came out and they all trampolined back and forth and across using the telephone boothalso, the bald guy in grey, aka dr. evil coined by my friend Luke L, stole the show everytime he came out, i'd only zero in on him and no one elsehe's just so dazzling and captivating....
5	I have to start this review off with the preface.. if you didn't absolutely adore every second of LOVE.. you need to put your inner child on a the back of a milk carton.. because it's lost.. and for that, I am truly sad for you. (The comments you see in negative reviews talking about needing to be on acid or have lost your mind to enjoy this show are just about the most inane things I have read on Yelp.)My girlfriend and I booked our flights as we did just to make sure we would be in Vegas in time to pick up our tickets the day of.. and I was prepared to risk jail time to call the box office from the airplane if we were going to be late for some reason.To start, the theatre is beautiful situated in the Mirage. We spent a lot of time in and around the gift shop and in the bar close to it. There is plenty of LOVE related swag. We even grabbed a few small things. There is a few solid places to snap a photo, and the staff is really good to allow people to do that as the show is going on and in the chaos between shows.It's a little bit of a cattle herding start, but we just sort of ended up at the front of the bus and got let in first, to be able to get to the concession stand (things are little pricy) but the bartender was good enough to fill up our keeper glasses we had with water for a tip.Then you wait with great anticipation for the next gate opening, as they usher you into the theatre. It's dark and a little hard to navigate but there are plenty of staff there to assist you.We were situated in the middle of section B. I got a ticket for free because of MLife's app called MyVegas which saved us over $100 bucks in the end. (And I got this on the last day I would have a chance before we actually left for Vegas)Section B is where it's at.. Sure there is not a bad seat in the house as this theatre was built for the show itself... but you are just high enough that you don't miss anything over your head or behind you.. and you are close enough to really catch all the subtles. The girlfriend and I have tried a few times to decide what our favorite scene was.. and it changes by the hour it seems. The Lucy in the Sky scene was just so memorable.. but in the Octopus' Garden is right up there too.There is not really a story persay. A few characters along the way you can follow, Sargent Peppers, and the four boys are a constant. But honestly, if you want a movie, go see one in a theatre... this show is just some of the best music you will ever hear in a show, and pure "eye porn" for your senses.I did not see one person coming out unhappy with their experience. It's more than worth it's price in memories.
4	"What would you do if I sang out of tune?Would you stand up and walk out on me?Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song,And I'll try not to sing out of key."-"With A Little Help From My Friends", BeatlesBeatles LOVE, with seating in the round, so not a bad seat in the house.  It's been showcased on the Strip for a long time now, and still draws the crowds nightly.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cirque-du-soleil-the-beatles-love-las-vegas?select=z2BQr5kmAM5La12sRzvQSg#z2BQr5kmAM5La12sRzvQSgWe used Tix4Tonight to score some primo seats for cheap.  There's a part of the act where a surpise is brought out to the audience and we happened to be the very last row to participate.  I won't spoil it, but it was fun!Pre-show, some clowns put on some comic relief by, literally, blowing smoke up people's arses.  Kinda creepy, kinda funny - it was great seeing people's reactions.The highlights of Beatles LOVE, for me, were the aerialist during "Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds" & the act featuring "Strawberry Fields Forever".  Very touching.  I didn't care much for the halfpipes and rollerbladers.  Oh, and the music is on blast!  I'm talking loud!  So, just be mindful of that, if you have sensitive hearing.Overall, a great show worth the money & time while in Vegas!  I highly recommend using Tix4Tonight for purchasing tickets the day before/day of.  Our seats were great & we saved a lot of money.  I'm generally not a Cirque du Soleil fan, but I highly enjoyed this eclectic & colorful show.
5	This is the first Cirque du Soleil show that I've ever seen so take this with a grain of salt. Overall I loved Love! The music is fantastic, the acrobatics was amazing, the choreography is tight and flawless, sound was incredible, and the visual effects were gorgeous. There is no bad seat as the stage is round so don't over-think about where you are going to sit.If you like/love the Beatles and Cirque du Soleil, you should see this show. I enjoyed this show so much that I'd love to watch the other Cirque shows. I finally get why people love Cirque so much.
5	Loved the music, the tricks, the colors, the whole experience.Seen all the Cirque du Soleil shows in Las Vegas and this is definitely my favorite of the "musical" productions of Cirque (maybe even of all the Cirque shows, but I'm biased to The Beatles music) - the others being Michael Jackson's ONE and Elvis (no longer showing). With The Beatles' hits and Cirque du Soleil's acrobatics and theatricality.... this show easily won my heart over.
5	I've seen probably a dozen of Cirque shows - most in Vegas, a few traveling, but this one has a special spot for me as I do love The Beatles and their music sounds as fresh as it probably was for audiences when they started out over 50 years ago - I have seen it 3 times now and I would say I'd go back and see it another 3 times, it is that good.  High energy, visually spectacular, with a soundtrack of songs that are mashed together so well, you would have thought they were originally written that way.  Kudos to all the performers who give it their all each and every time we have seen this show.  We elected for front row seats this trip so we could see what was going on under the big sheet the kids on the bed are riding on during one number - well nothing going on under the sheets, so if you think you are missing something under there, you are not - but what you do get in a close up of this show is the expressions on the faces, the sheer majesty of the dancers and the choreography that make this such a wonderful evening of entertainment.  The absolute best of everything that is Cirque du Soleil and The Beatles.  i dare you not to come away pleased.
4	This is my 3rd cirque du soleil. Wholesome, enjoyable show especially if you are a big fan of the beatles. Very good presentation and sequencing of the production but lesser laugh and acrobatics than mystere. My seat was close to the stage  cause i got a discounted deal online but i believe every seat is a good seat so dont spend too much on the tickets.
5	If you're looking for something very entertaining to watch while in Vegas you must check out the Beatles Love show. It had acrobatic acts, dance, and light shows along with the Beatles songs on the background that will surely leave you mesmerized.
3	This show had many more slow moments and group dance numbers than previous Cirque du Soleil shows we have been to, and also focused a little more on the psychedelic aspects than I expected. It actually felt a bit repetitious with the group dance numbers and aerial ropes dancing. I feel like these shows typically have more variety in the types of acts, but each of these occurred at least 3 times in the show as the primary focal point.There were three great unusual and/or fast paced acts, though - a skaters' ramp, trampoline act, and a giant sheet that enveloped the audience for Yellow Submarine.For seating, my advice is to sit at least halfway up to have a better panorama of the stage since they perform in the middle of the audience, and you will then not have to crane your neck upwards as much to see the performers.
5	This was my 2nd time seeing Love it was just as awesome this time around as it was the 1st if your a fan of the beatles you will absolutely love this show it is by far one of the better Cirque Soleil shows and the music is awesome its a win win, there is no a bad seat in the house
5	LOVE THIS SHOW!! So very entertaining, colorful, FUN, amazing performance!! This is a show I would pay to see again!!
3	Not the best Cirque show in town.  No show of athleticism on the level of KA.  If you enjoy music from the Beatles, go see this show.  If you enjoy watching performers dressed up in costume dancing around to Beatles music, go see this show.  Luckily for me, I ended up getting free tickets, so no money wasted.  My time watching this show, however, I can never get back.
3	Definitely a dance oriented Soleil show.  It has spurts of great performances but sadly, it lost me at a couple segments and I even fell asleep for one part.  If you are a huge Beatles fan, you have to come see this.  But for someone who has seen quite a few Soleil shows, I wouldn't put this at the top.  There is no crowd interaction as well. Don't get me wrong, the dancing is very well done, but I feel there is more to Soleil show's than dancing, and in consideration of that, LOVE slips on the rating.
5	I wish I could share the experience of this show with everyone I know. Incredible. Amazing. Beautiful. Funny. Moving. Emotionally uplifting. A little more Love in the world would be a great thing!
5	I've been in showbiz for 40+ years. This is the most original and theatrical show I've ever seen. I wasn't a Beatles music fan, until I saw this show. I've seen it three times now and can't wait to go back.UPDATE -- Saw it again last night (3 NOV 2014). Again, best show I've seen in my 41 years in show business.  This is the most theatrical, creative and spectacular show I've ever seen. It has so many layers and so, so complicated to produce, but looks effortless. THIS IS A WORK OF ART.
5	My first Cirque du Soleil show on my first trip to Vegas and I couldn't be happier I chose this one!!!Obviously all the music is wonderful...because its the beetles! But the special effects, the huge screens, and of course all the performers were just spectacular!Really enjoyed myself!!!
3	Not my favorite show.  Was well done as always.  Pretty busy stage, almost appeared to be over done.  I left thinking, what was the point of that? Seen many more Cirque shows, all were better shows, the quality of the show is the same, great artists.  If you are a die hard Beatles fan, I'm sure you will love it.
5	Absolutely amazing!! Worth every penny! I've seen every Cirque in Vegas and this is my favorite
5	Probably the best show I have ever seen. Definitely recommend to any Beatle lover.
5	I've been here twice now.   Loved it each and every time and you had better see it if you are in Vegas.There, that's all I have to say about it. I don't want to ruin the show for you by telling you more details.
5	This was my first Cirque du Soleil, and I have to say.. it definitely wont be my last!!This was the most amazing show! Talented performers, comfortable seating and even a snack bar (I wasn't expecting that.. but AWESOME) If you like The Beatles at all, (and I mean, who doesn't?) this is a must while you are in Vegas! Defintiely woth paying a little extra for the better tickets, all the seats can see just fine, but being close is way better for this!
5	This arena is great. There is literally not a bad seat in the house. In my opinion if your debating one section over another, I'd go for the cheaper one. Even the A section, or the pit section was a little over priced for my tastes... but it is right in front of the performers, and most of the show occurs above you, so I can see why it would be cool... but honestly every seat is great. There is a lot of beatles music, obviously, and its all performed to an amazing story where the performers bring songs to life. There are a few "strange" in between set pieces where the beatles audio recordings play to images on the screens, which is a little off putting, since the show is so methodical, and rhythmic, these scene (in my opinion) take you out of the moment and let you breath for a second. Lucy in the sky is amazing... as are many of the songs... just visually amazing. Be sure to look for the Summer of Cirque discounts, for nice savings on the tickets. : )
5	What an AMAZING show! Everything from the begining to the end took my attention. And of course, The Beatles are The Beatles, you will hear their most popular songs watching an extraordinary and speechless show. If you are local and haven't had the chance to watch it, you should. And if you are visiting Vegas, make sure you give it a try. It is a very exciting option!
5	This is THE BEST Show in Vegas by far. Young and old alike love this show.  Fan or not a fan of the BEATLES still the best. Best Cirque show I have ever seen. You leave with a feel good feeling and energized!
5	I am so glad that we left LOVE as our last big show. I wish I could have been there on stage, dancing my heart and soul out and twirling while soaring higher than the crowd. It's a very inspirational, and moving show. I cried twice! The dancers are just spectacular and the entire production was through the roof! I will most definitely be returning year after year, and maybe one day strive to be a part of the cast. Hmm... Anything can happen right?! COMECOMECOME!!!
5	All you need is LOVE!I am a huge fan of cirque du soleil shows and I'm an even huger fan of the beatles. I've been dying to watch this show since forever. To put it into context, I have watched totem, zumanity, ka, and Zarkana and this show blows all of them out of the water!This theater definitely has one of the nicest lobbies and I really recommend you take photos here before the show starts because it gets crazy packed. The theater itself is small and intimate, I highly recommend the areas that are right across from the screens because they really set the mood. Also, every chair has a built in speaker so the music you hear is crisp to perfection.I was moved by every single act. From the moment I heard the iconic string strum in A hard day's night, I was hooked! I have to admit, being a huge beatles fan really helps because you can immerse yourself in the lyrics and the recognize the time period undertones. The show is very deep compared to the other shows and it tackles racism, the berlin wall, heart breaks, and world war 2. It's not the most acrobatic or jaw dropping show rather it's the most immersive show. In order to not reveal spoilers, some of my favorite acts were Lucy in the sky, black bird, Something and Hey Jude. This show is a visual and audio overload, so much going on the stage at a time! Basically, I was grinning ear to ear through out the whole show. I had a really hard time getting beatlemania out of my head. :).Overall, hands down the best Cirque Du Soleil show I've ever watched!
4	A colorful,  raucous, sometimes surreal celebration of the Beatles. At times I felt like Alice stepping through the looking glass with a Beatles soundtrack. Every member of our party thoroughly enjoyed the show.
4	Saw this show several years ago. It is really fun, especially for a Beatles fan like me. Think of it as a live music video show where they do many different songs.Not the best of the Cirque shows but still would recommend.
4	First time to Vegas, and as a Beatles fan, I was excited to see the show at The Mirage. Arrived at 6:30 to be seated for the showing at 7. The performance was just alright, don't get me wrong there was some amazing stunts. But nothing overwhelmingly awesome. However, the sound quality was beyond perfect! Which is why this show has 4 stars instead of 3. The pureness and rawness of the tracks they used for the show were amazing. I would go see the show again with my eyes closed, and enjoy it twice as much. Would have liked more songs to be added to it, however, considering the Beatles have such a wide range of songs to choose from. Don't forget to stop at the merch store before you head in! It gets super crowded after the show.
5	There is nothing more I can say about this show that hasn't already been said.  It was a beautiful, intricate, immersive feast for the eyes.  I do have to point out a few things to help you choose from the many different Cirque shows in Las Vegas at any one time.1. You will enjoy this show 10x more if you are Beatles fan.  They excerpt part of the Beatles Sessions/Beatles Anthology with speaking parts from their recording sessions.  They fake you out a few times with that.  If you don't know the music, you will still probably like it, but I think knowing the songs helps you understand the context of some of the aspects of the show.2. This is not a terribly aerial or acrobatic show.  Don't get me wrong, there are acrobatics in the show and some of them are cool to watch, but you will not get the gravity defying acrobatics that you might see in some of the other shows.  This show is all about the music and the songs.  They tell stories and they dance.  And oh do they dance.  If you are a fan of dance, you will love this show.  I would describe it as more acrobatic ballet. 3.  There really is not a bad seat in the whole place, but if you sit in one of the lower sections, you will be able to participate in the audience participation part of the show which is hella cool and if you have kids, they will really love it.  The scale of the online seating chart is misleading.  It is a pretty small theatre and you will not miss out on anything or have any obstructions if you sit higher up.  I would recommend section 209 if you can get it.  It is where I sat and I had an excellent perspective. 4. The staff was very professional and friendly.  I bought my tickets online and was not given the opportunity to select a seat.  The seat I was assigned was next to a young couple who were obviously trying to impress each other because they smelled like they had very literally taken a bath in cologne and perfume.  It gave me such a headache, I got up and asked the aisle section attendant if I could possibly be reseated, especially since it didn't seem like it was going to be a sold out show.  I explained why I wanted to be reseated and she seemed to understand.  Not only was she able to reassign me a new seat, it was in a better section, closer to the action.  I am extremely grateful, otherwise I'm not sure I could have enjoyed the show.5.  Don't even think about trying to sneak a photo.  They have people monitoring the sections and if you get caught, they will ask you to leave.
5	This was the first Cirque De Soleil show I have seen and I was annoyed about it. My friend decided to book tickets for the whole group on a Friday without telling us. On learning this, my response was "You did what? Ballet and dancing and s**t on a Friday night in Vegas, are you kidding?".  So after having a mild tantrum I went and begrudgingly had a bloody good time, damn it!Despite my heritage I am not even much of a Beatles fan, I fell like they did some good song and whole lot of rubbish, but I digress. The show really picked the best songs and the stunts that went with them were just incredible. I still find it hard to believe that people can be that talented. Just brilliant!
5	Loved it! I'm not a Beatles fan but I am a Cirque de Solei fan! *Let me tell you up front, don't worry about what seat you get, any seat is great in the way this circular stage is set up in an intimate setting. -These performers are amazing and gave me an understanding for what was going on during this generation of music.-I don't want to give anything away, but let me just say, "wow!" This is a show worth seeing!
5	I had never seen a Cirque show until I saw "The Beatles LOVE" - but I am a huge Beatles fan and had wanted to see a Cirque show for quite some time. I've had the soundtrack since the show debuted, and just finally was able to go to the show this past weekend.The show was amazing and I want to take my entire family. I'm sure plenty of people before me have reviewed the content and the technical aspects, so let me throw around some tips about the actual experience of seeing this show in particular and what stood out to me.1) There really is no bad seat (unless you get one of the cheap-o seats that SAY "restricted viewing" when you book.) The theater is smaller than I had anticipated, and although I was in the highest section, still had a fantastic view.2) The lobby is really fun and unique and there are a lot of cool drinks to buy (just be prepared to spend around $20 on a large drink in a souvenir cup). Having said that - there is NO BATHROOM in the lobby. So if you're like me, and you decide to guzzle down your entire large drink in the show, and then race out when it's over because you need to pee, be prepared to navigate all the way out the lobby, past the gift shop, and around the corner from the box office!3) It's not what I had in my head of a typical Cirque show (although I haven't seen any others.) The acrobatics were fun but mostly not jaw-dropping. There was a lot of dancing and some fun running around. Don't expect to be mesmerized by crazy body-bending and mind blowing feats. That's not what this is about; it's about the music and telling the stories of the Beatles' history and music. That's not a negative thing - it's just a note about the content and style of the show.4) Try to get into the lobby a bit early so you can take pictures with all the fun decor before it gets too crowded. Grab your drink and take a selfie - you sure won't be able to after the performance when it's packed!
2	I can't believe this show got such high ratings! To be fair, I must preface this review with the fact that I'm not a huge Beatles fan. But I also wasn't a huge Elvis fan, until I watched that cirque du soliel show. The seating is circular, so there really isn't a bad seat from what I can tell. I actually enjoyed being mid-way up, so I could get a more aerial view. There were plenty of open seats for the Saturday 9:30 show, so the usher said we could move once the show started. The performance was mediocre. There was only one scene that really stood out. Longest 1 1/2 hrs ever!
5	Unbelievable. Just go. Amazing whether you like Beatles music or not. But if you do you'll be in heaven! Just amazing.
4	This show was beautiful! My group came here for Homecoming and it was a lot of fun!  Just like any Cirque show, there's not much talking and sometimes I was a little lost, but as always the Beatles music was pristine and the creative ways the performers complimented the music was unforgettable.  Overall, a great show.
5	Loved the show, loved the Retro Decor, loved the Beatles Store, didn't love the price of the beer or drinks but the rest of it made it all worth it. I hope I can see the show again on my next visit it was the best show I've seen.
5	I wish I could give this show 10 stars. Saw this for the first time when I was 16 when I didn't even consider myself a Beatles fan other than Yesterday which was the background music of my grandparents 25th wedding anniversary video (nostalgia). Fast forward 8 years and I have seen Love 5 times, the last time being 3 months ago.I have always had the discounted seats that are offered in the summer until this last time when I was in the third row. I have to say  that I have NEVER had a bad seat. Each section/seat that I've sat in offered a whole new experience and all 5 times I've seen the show, I have noticed different, new things that I hadn't seen the time/times before. I've seen several Cirque shows and Love is by far the best experience I have had, hence my seeing it 5 times. I honestly found the other a bit boring. It will be a sad, sad day if they ever retire this show.
5	We've seen it twice, which is really saying something because before our first time I didn't think any show could be worth $100 a seat. That time we sat waayy up in the highest section (303) and the sound was AMAZING. So amazing some say it brought tears to their eyes ( I would never admit to such silliness). I actually think the sound was a little better than in the middle section (209) that we sat in this time but I think section 209 is the hot ticket visually. Call the box office at The Mirage for the best deals, the agent was very helpful. We go to Vegas a once or twice a year and we will probably see this show again.
5	This is my second time seeing this show. What an absolutely amazing experience. I have not had the pleasure of going to any other Cirque du Soleil shows. That said, Dr. Roberts made our night. We happened to be in the first row and he just made it extra special. The entire cast was amazing and of course you cannot go wrong with the music. You are able to grab a drink and snacks for the show. For me personally, I did not participate in this as I was afraid I may have to use the bathroom if I did. There are no intermissions and the show lasts about an hour and a half. I will absolutely go back and I am seriously considering seeing another performance done by Cirque du Soleil.
5	Superb!  A brilliant show in every respect. This show does a great job of combining a fantastic Cirque Do Soliel show with someOf my favorite music. I could see this show over and over again!.
4	I've lost count of how many Cirque shows I've seen ... This one had great music, great costumes (as always), and great acrobatics.  My only complaint (and this isn't really much of a complaint) is that there is almost too much going on and I kept feeling like I was missing things.  I'd absolutely recommend the show, especially if you're a Beatles fan
5	Second time seeing LOVE, if you're even remotely in any way a fan of The Beatles music, GO.If you weren't a fan of The Beatles, and want to experience Cirque, go anyway.Wife and I had a blast at the event, were very comfortable in the theater, and highly recommend this to any Vegas goers.
5	I've seen this show and the Michael Jackson Cirque du Soleil, and neither one disappointed!  I would see both of them over and over again.  Now, I will give the edge to this show, because I like The Beatles music much more than MJ's.  The performances are unbelievably spectacular and even if you're not the biggest Beatles fan, you should enjoy the show!  I'm ready to go see it again... and again!
4	This was my fourth Cirque show. It is unlike the others by far--Zumanity in Vegas, Iris in Hollywood, and Totem in Irvine. Iris and Totem have been my favorites by far. This show is about the music and the dancing. There is very little acrobatics in the extreme form as the other shows I've seen. Also, the storyline is--hmm, this is totally not fair to say--maybe a tad less artistic. I'm not sure if I'm articulating this well, but it was very easy to follow. That's not an insult just an insight. If you don't love the Beatles' music, don't go. I love the Beatles so it was a blast!
5	Great show!  This definitely exceeded my expectations.  I have not been to any other Cirque du Soleil shows yet, but this was definitely a great start.  It was thoroughly entertaining to watch with fantastic music by The Beatles.  My wife and I will definitely see another Cirque show.
5	I am a big Beatles fan. I have also had the soundtrack album for this show for years before finally getting a chance to actually see the show. I was very excited to finally go. Call me biased, call me the right audience for this show, whatever. This show is amazing!As soon as you walk in you're immersed in Beatles history. A huge multi-colored light up walkway takes you towards the bar serving several Beatles-themed cocktails. Entering the arena (in the round) you're confronted by four large sheets with projected images of the Beatles on them. In the background you can hear mostly instrumental Beatles songs, which put me in the mood to hear an hour and a half of Beatles music. They did exactly what I would have done; they played almost exclusively Beatles songs NOT featured in the show itself, which I appreciated.Everything about the pre-show sets you up for the fun and exhilarating show to follow. An actor walking in the crowd snuck behind an audience member and sat in his seat before he could. It was this type of unnecessary fun that made the entire experience fantastic. The show itself starts with a haunting display of acrobats slowly descending from the ceiling and ascending from the floor on wires in slow motion to the song "Because" but only the vocals.Soon after the show bursts to life. I won't ruin it for you. You should go see it. There was so much visual spectacle happening at once that my girlfriend and I often didn't even know which amazing stunt to look at! A note: watch the guy on the swing high above the stage, it will make your heart stop. I was overwhelmed by the amazing acrobatics happening in front of me. The people at Cirque know how to dazzle.
5	Aesthetically gorgeous show  with a  large cast performing in a unique wheel-shaped stage, set to Beatles music- you don't need to be a superfan to appreciate and enjoy an amazing night here, nor do you have to shell out for any particular seating section as they all offer amazing views. In fact, I'd sit further back to be able to take in more than just what's right in front of your seat.Lucked into some amazing second-row seats via a generous Yelper (thanks Janel!) and spent the evening swiveling my head back and forth and up and everywhere trying to take in all of the action. At times there are up to 30 performers on stage or in the air with no central focus point, as such it seems like it would translate to one of the few shows worth seeing more than once, as you could easily see things you missed before.Favorite parts:"Strawberry Fields Forever" with bubbles"Here Comes The Sun" with candles"Octopus's Garden" with lights"Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" almost a literal interpretationConsistently rated one of the best shows in Vegas, recommended as one of the best Cirque shows, LOVE lives up to the hype-  and then some!TIP: Don't get a drink in the lobby, you don't want your bladder to force you to miss any of the scenes!
5	Must see, simply amazing, and the middle 15 minutes are probably as close to doing acid as I'll ever get! I'm actually a little embarrassed that it took me so long to finally see this.  Stop thinking and just go. Pro tip: sign up for the Mirage players club/card and get 30% off tickets without having a gamble a single dollar.
5	This show was amazing, it was so action packed and so subtle all at the same time. So much goes into this production I'm sure and you truly shows how professional and good they are at what they do. My only complaint is the seats are small so your close to the Person next to you but you will hardly notice with all that's going on. I'm not sure about the price of tickets as this was a comp so I can't speak on that part but I'm sure it's worth whatever they charge. It's a 1 and a 1/2 hour show with no breaks so you will really enjoy the time spent here. Good job to the crew that perform here on a daily basis. You truly are incredible at what you do.
4	This was my second Cirque de Soleil show and it was very entertaining! If you're a fan of The Beatles, then you would absolutely love this show. It's a full 90 minutes of songs, acts, and dancing. The seating of the theater circled a full 360 around the stage, so every seat should have gotten a good view of the show. We sat in section 205 row N, and the view was perfect. It was far enough back to see everything going on, but close enough so that you don't feel distant from all the performers. I would recommend sitting in a similar section. There is a concession stand where you could buy drinks and popcorn, but be sure to come a little earlier because the lines do get long! If you're not in your seats by show time you'll have to wait like 5 minutes into the show to sit down. If you have your mlife player's card, I believe you get a little discount on your purchase. The show itself was amazing. The only thing I would complain about was that their wasn't as much acrobatics and "keep you on the edge of you seat" acts. But for the amount of space they had, they were able to do some crazy acts! Nonetheless, the show was very entertaining. It told a story of an era in a very theatrical and awe inspiring way. Would definitely recommend people to see it.
5	My favorite show I've seen thus far on the strip.  Granted I'm partial to the Beatles so it would make sense this one would stand out to me :-)  But I also could have easily been let down as I went into the show with very high expectations.  Cirque did not disappoint!  The performances were very lively and fun.  I highly recommend this show...especially if you're a true Beatles fan!
4	Best Cirque Show (and I have seen them ALL)O is great, KA with the boards and story interesting, Michael Jackson, depressing. This was fun, engaging, well-planned and great music. Upbeat, slow songs and just when you thought you have had enough...bam? There is more. We had seats towards the back but still felt included. The theatrics were suburb, the music not too deafening, the actors came into the audience, it was all a great time. I love shows where you are sad and surprised it is all over!If you love, heck even like the Beattles go!Cannot wait to go see it again.
5	This was such an amazing amazing show that completely lived up to the hype.   I won't ruin the show but the creative minds that put it all together knew exactly what they were doing.  The atmosphere is what I imagine an actual Beatles concert would have been like.  This is an absolute must for any level of Beatles fan.  I will definitely be seeing it again.
5	Worth. Every. Penny! I would fly in just to see this show again. There was so much going on at all times on the stage and in the air that you can see it 5 times and still probably have missed something. It was the highlight of our recent 5 days in Vegas by far. I'm a Beatles music fan, so I couldn't get enough of it. And I took my 14-year-old daughter and she equally loved it. So I think there's something for everyone. If I go back to Vegas and this show is still playing, I'd do it all over again.
4	It was beautiful to watch!! Great theatrical vision! Beautiful dancing and the music paired so well with the dancing. The story telling was great.
5	I always say that "O" is my favorite Cirque du Soleil show, but I can't help but say that this is my favorite, too.  It's just not fair to compare the two!  This show is so FUN!  We've been 3 times now, and there just isn't a bad seat in the house.  This show brings history, classic Beatles music, dance, and acrobatics like you've never seen before!  My husband and I are huge Beatles fans, so it's easier for us to love this show, but we took my parents who aren't that into the Beatles, and they absolutely LOVED it!  It's a must see!
5	A great show. Very upbeat feeling and great acts. I would recommend to anyone, even if you're not a huge Beatles fan.
3	I really wanted to like this show especially with all the positive reviews. But I don't know why I just didn't feel like it was all that spectacular. It was colorful and all but the music seem too loud. The acts were not tied together too smoothly. There were times that I felt it was just too long. Perhaps it's personal taste. I did like zarkana.
5	Loved the show!!!! The best part about this particular show is the audience engagement. I absolutely loved the huge blanket covering the whole show. Who doesn't love the Beatles?! Great dancers, great costumes and best music.
3	Just an ok show. Not worth the time and money!A live band would have been better otherwise we could just stayed home and listened to our CDs. Lots of dancers and I guess they tried to describe the songs, but they look so disorganized on stage!
2	There were few parts that I liked but I wasn't so entertained in general. Hopefully the other shows are better
5	Fantastic show, of course. Go for the Beatles. Don't go for a cirque show. Little to no cirque culture or jaw dropping stunts incorporated into this show. It is mainly just a bunch of performers dancing to Beatles songs but damn is it entertaining. Seeing the songs come to life is really inspiring. This show is a Vegas bucket list item for sure. I know many people who see it multiple times from different seats for a new perspective (360* stage).
5	This was one of the best shows I've ever seen. The music, the light show, the performances were all 5 stars. We got our tickets late and were up in the highest part of the theater and even those seats rocked. That is my favorite part of this show, no matter where you sit you are going to see a great show. You can't say that about every cirque show.
4	It's starting to become a mission of mine to check out all the different Cirque Du Soleil shows now.I got introduced to these shows not too long ago and ever since I watch my first ever show maybe 2 years ago, I'm hooked! I've been wanting to see The Beatles show for some time now so we decided to score some tickets on our last Vegas trip.Upon walking into the theatre, I seriously loved the psychedelic runway into the entrance!! It was all very '70s! We got the lowest priced tickets were in the seating area c or d. They were only $70 so we didn't really care where we ended up seating. However, when we arrived inside, they moved us closer to the stage because they were some empty seats in the theatre! Score!One thing I absolutely loved about the The Beatles show was the way the theatre is set up. The stage is right in the center and the seats are surrounded around the stage al wherever you're sitting you're going to get a good view. Even if you the balcony seats you're going to be able to see the stage pretty well. I actually recommend getting the seats a little bit further up bc sometimes the acrobat will be up in the air and you won't be able to see them sitting so close to the stage. The show itself was pretty good. They focus more on the songs and the themes of each song than they do for stunts and tricks. I admit the other Cirque shows had way more impressive stunts but I really enjoyed watching them perform to some of the old Beatles classics.If you're a Beatles fan you're going go absolutely love this show. It does a good job on representing each song and doing justice by adding some creative and impressive choreography to each song.
5	My 4th time in Vegas but this was my first show in Vegas, second cirque de soleil (first one was in New York). One word, wow! I enjoyed it very much last night, the acts was amazing and the costumes were fantastic with very great details involved. They really used the venue space well and were very creative with the props and the design. It was really amazing how they put the whole show together. Hard to put in words but you will understand when you've seen it. Didn't matter where you sit as they designed it well for everyone to enjoy it. So don't waste money on the better seats. It was very unique and I was bopping along the entire time to the Beatles music and was at the edge of my seat the whole time. Really worth it!!
5	Great show! So much talent in one room. We sat a little high up but I don't think there's a bad seat in the house
3	We chose this show for two reasons - Cirque and The Beatles.  First: Cirque - we saw La Nouba in Orlando and have been Cirque lovers ever since.  We have bought merchandise (posters, CD's, DVD's, masks, etc.) and visited several shows.  You normally can't go wrong with Cirque.  They are extremely passionate about their product.Second: The Beatles - The greatest music for a single band of all time.  No other band has the depth of catalog.  The Beatles/Cirque partnership was one we were looking forward to experiencing.The review:  Our experience began with the entrance ... the rainbow floor, the Fab Four on the wall.  The anticipation was awesome.   The "Hard Days Night" drink purchased prior to the show was incredible.Our seats - I splurged for Gold Circle seating (the most expensive they have).  I was hoping it brought an advantage - great view, becoming part of the show, or something for almost $200 per seat.  These seats offer leg room but nothing else.  Leg. Room.  We were disappointed.  The show - Again, we are experienced Cirque patrons.  This performance was more dance show than acrobatic/athletic.  Dance would have been fine if that was what we were expecting, but we were expecting more.   Great interpretation of the music, but overall we did not feel our experience was worth the money.Th Cirque experience and brand is phenomenal but this show didn't measure up.  Others enjoyed this much more than we did, but they didn't spend as much money ... that obviously was not Cirque's issue and was clearly on us.  We won't likely spend that much for seats in the future because our expectations could not be met.  We recommend visiting other Cirque shows in Vegas.  We will during our next visit.
5	I cannot say enough wonderful things about this show! I have seen it twice now and cant wait to go back and see it again! If you are a beatles fan, this will not disappoint! Every seat in the theater is a good one so do not worry about missing out if you purchase seats in the cheaper sections.
3	I've been to the Beattle's Love show. To be honest, I'm not a huge fan. The first time I saw the show, I fell asleep. It might have been because I was super tired or it might have been because it's just not my cup of tea. I am not a fan of the Beattle's music. The second time I watched the show, I did not fall asleep, but I did not enjoy it. It is a cirque du soleil show so there are many cool aspects t the show. They do have the usual acrobats. There were acts that were impressive, but if you don't really like the background music, then you won't really enjoy the show. The show did a great job with relating the Beattle's music with the different events going on in the world during that time period. They do have huge projectors. The best place to view them in my opinion is going to be section 209 or section 200.
5	The best in my opinion
3	Scored a free complementary ticket with the purchase of one from myVegas slots! It works, upload the ap and play! For a Sunday night 9:30pm it was packed and a full house. Ok, so I'm not from the Beattle era ( Ithink I knew two songs) but the overall performance of the show was, ok. I have definitely seen better Cirque Du Soleil shows (La Reve, Ka, Michael Jackson One) which I thought were much more entertaining, but it could be because I didn't witness the upcoming of the Beattles first hand? Don't get me wrong, people around us loved it, standing ovations and all I just wasn't feeling it as much as expected. There's not really anything specific that I could even point out that was extremely cool and I guess that says it all in itself. Definitely would not go see this show again, maybe with my Mom if she wants to go.  The theatre is pretty small, the stage effects were cool, but overall I would give this show a B-.
4	what a really fun show!  It was really well paced and had a great selection of Beatles music.  The story line runs you through the decades.  The use of multi-media is really great and any seat in the house would be an incredible show.  it's a circular stage so there is stuff going on everywhere - it's hard to know where to look!!I thought the Cirque stuff was a little less insane than some of their other shows.  don't get me wrong - stunning and fun to watch but it didn't seem as over the top/awe-inspiring as some of the others I have seen when it comes to the athleticism and "never before seen" type stuff.But the show was packed with a great story, amazing costumes, graphics, dancing, etc., and I loved every minute of it!
5	The best show that my parents and I experienced during our 5 day stay in Vegas!First of all, I was amazed at an employee that helped us find our seats. This gal Leland was her name, could see that my mom was struggling to walk the steps to the third floor balcony. She immediately contacted her supervisor to see if there were 3 seats on the ground floor. She went above and beyond her job... She was so empathetic to us and never did my mom feel like a burden but a guest to the show. Leland is the kind of person who any company wants in management! She found us tickets to the ground floor, didn't accept a tip, made us feel that it was her duty to help us! She alone was worth more stars than I could give! The show was spectacular! The music was fabulous! The performers were so talented and so perfect! The Costumes, the skills of the dancers, the acrobats, the crew to make the show come to life, the genius of it all was mind blowing. I can't stop thinking about it! You have to see this one!
5	I've seen 6 or 8 Cirque shows and this one takes the cake!  Fun,  exciting, great music, venue is awesome. There isn't a bad seat in the house.
5	Words cannot describe. AMAZING! Best Cirque show I have EVER seen. Highly recommend!We had just had our nuptials and to celebrate, I chose this show. (Pats self on back). We were sporting our wedding attire. The crowd greeted us with congratulations and asked us to kiss--we did. My husband had never been to a Cirque show prior. Hands down it was the BEST show he has ever seen. (Yay for me and my choice--in both my husband and this show) His favorite band is the Beatles so it was a total win-win.There is NO bad seat in the house. We did not go cheap on tickets nor did we go all out. We had a great view of everything. My mouth was open the entire time in awe (he sang every song out loud).If you are thinking of taking in one Cirque show...see Love. You will have a wonderful time!
5	AMAZING!!  Best show on the strip!!  I didn't realize how many Beatles songs I actually liked until the show.  It was one incredible acrobatic feat after another which is no surprise for Cirque but add the music and the story of Beatles it all came together as the most impressive Cirque show I have ever seen. ("O",Mystere,LaNouba,KA) this is a MUST see on the strip.  Make reservations at FIN for pre show dinner- it's pretty good and right outside of the theatre.
5	I felt every emotion during this show. I don't think you would even have to be a Beatles fan to get into it. Well worth the money!
4	Just saw the show on 9/27/2014. It was great from beginning to end. Do not be late as it starts on time like all Cirque du Soleil shows. But, this show is not like the rest of the Cirque shows. There aren't a lot of acrobatics or death defying stunts. There's more dancing, acting, and comedy and it flows more like a musical. The costumes, props, and sets fit the music soo well. It's very hippie 60's and the set designs I think are meant to make you feel like you're high and hallucinating. Everything is soo colorful and some of it is really weird but somehow goes with what's happening on stage. The music of course was great and was so much fun to sing along to. They have speakers built into the seat's head rest which makes the experience even better. Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds was my favorite. It's a great show for those that want to see something a little different than what Cirque du Soleil usually does. And there isn't a bad seat in the house since it's not a huge venue like "KA." Even the ones that are 'obstructed view" were not obstructed at all.
5	If I could give this 6 stars. I would. This show was beyond amazing. The music of course rocked. I think I would see this again!!!I just went to La Reve...and didn't feel that way. So this show is AH-mazing.
5	So you know the feels and goosebumps you get whenever you hear really amazing music? Well, I got those throughout the entire show.I didn't wait to buy the soundtrack at a normal store. I chose to pay the retail price. By choice. At the Beatles Shop. That's how much I loved it. I'm not normally a fan of remixes, but this is brilliant. Fantastic soundtrack that did not disappoint with their fabulous sound system. (It could also quite possibly be my most favorite album to listen to through a great set of headphones ever; you feel totally immersed. George Martin & son did not let down) There's not much I can say about the show without ruining it, but this was my first cirque du soleil show and it was totally worth the money. I could be speaking from a biased point of view cuz I'm quite hardcore when it comes to the Beatles. Like, that's my shit really. But speaking as a Beatles fan, to an outsider, I could either be overly biased or overly critical. Depends on how you look it. Either way, you're missing out if you don't experience this show at least once in your life.
5	I saw this show while in Vegas with my then boyfriend in Oct 2013 and we loved it. The music, the dancing, the acrobats......it was so exciting. We walked out of the theater and said "I want to see it again". We returned to Vegas in June 2014 to get married and went to see the show again. It was even better the 2nd time because we both said we saw things that we didn't see the first time.
5	Saw it for the second time last week. If you are "ehh it's ok" on Beatles music you will still like the show. If you love the Beatles, you will pee your pants in excitement. The theater is fairly small and even the back row of the cheap seats has a good view of the action. In fact, I think the cheap seats are better than up front, because they allow you to see more of the action, for half the price. Still, I'd pay full price to see this over and over again.
3	I will preface this by saying I am not much of a Beatles fan. Their music is good and I can appreciate it, but its not something I hold near and dear or seek out.  Most people that were here to see the show were beatles fans, which was fun, except for the lady that sang out loud to every song and couldn't stay within the her imaginary boundaries that the seat arms created.  I did enjoy the show, but at times it did get a little slow and kind of boring. When it picked up, it was kind of cool.  I am glad I saw it, but I wouldn't see it again and I'm not sure I would recommend it to a non-Beatles fan.
5	Tonight 16 Oct. 2014 was the second time that I've seen the Beatles LOVE show at the Mirage Casino in Las Vegas. This show is definitely worth seeing. The dancers, the aerial artists the music all come together in one flowing magical evening. If you get to see one show in Las Vegas I would highly recommend this one there are two shows every night except Tuesday and Wednesday.Tickets range from $79 up to about 175. I think sitting higher is more advantageous as you get to see things take shape. However tonight we sat nine rows from the stage and that was very good as well.
5	Absolutely loved this show! I have referred to is many times as "life changing"! The choreography is flawless and their versions of the songs are perfection. The Blackbird cover gave me goosebumps!I knew the show was gonna be a winner the minute we crossed the threshold of the awesome entrance! For sure wouldn't recommend the drinks they serve out front, overpriced and yucky. Although the Beatles themed names were a nice touch.
5	I am not a Cirque fan. Truth be told I grew up in Canada and have seen many Cirque productions and they frankly scare me. The crazy clown/ juggling, Miming, high flying trapeze , acrobatic contortionist acts never appealed to me. Not one bit. But yet I found myself in love with LOVE.LOVE is a gorgeous interpretation of the songs of the Beatles. The production captures the spirit of the Beatles. It's visually stunning, and it envelops you, encircles you. It becomes overwhelming at points with the amount of action happening all around. You really have to sit back and take in the beauty of it all. Don't blink -you'll want to see it all. The sound and staging were spectacular. There isn't really a story so much as there are themes. It revolves around Beatles era references: the Cold War, beatles-mania,the 50's, the 60s, their crazy acid induced trips into Sgt Pepper territory and their foray into India are all referenced in a dazzling way. I particularly loved how they interpreted Black Bird, the yellow Submarine was amazing and surprising and of course, beautiful (especially viewed from the top). I absolutely loved the interpretation of Here comes the sun. It was so beautiful. So moving. Thoroughly worth the price of admission. Amazing. Trust me you'll fall in LOVE too.
4	I didn't know what to expect from a Beatles-themed Cirque du Soleil show, but I was thoroughly captivated by the theatrics, acrobatics, and music. Unlike other shows I've seen, the stage is centered such that I don't think there's a single bad seat in the house. There were many different sets, with some better than others. I enjoyed the strange circus-themed one as well as the underwater act. That being said, there was also a lot going on in many of the sets. It was really hard to focus on any one specific choreography. I'm a little too young to be a big fan of The Beatles, but their music and influence is truly cross-generational.
5	Amazing and beautiful show at The mirage. I've seen the show 3 times, each from 3 different places In the theater and all times it was incredible. In fact, there's so much going on during the Show that you truly see an entirely different show each time.  All of the actors truly seems to love doing what they're doing and the interpretation of the music is none like I've seen in a show before. I would recommend it to anyone staying in Vegas.
5	Best show in town! Wasn't a Beatles fan but I left knowing more songs than ever. No bad seats and actually the farther up you sit, the better the view.
4	I really love Beatles and I was anxious to see this show. I loved the show, but I've expected more for the end, and also for the song LOVE! The soundtrack was so beautiful, but the last song acting was disappointed. Even though, I still recommend this show for sure!
5	Brace yourself for what you are about to read. You ready??? Ok. I am NOT a Beatles Fan. Don't enjoy the music. Don't see the hype. So, seeing that I'm not a fan I was worried that I would be bored and not into the show. MAN, was u wrong! I loved every second of the show! The arena or theater is quite small and there really isn't a bad seat in the house. My eyes were running from side to side trying to make sure I didn't miss one single acrobatic move. I even left the show singing "All you need is love"! Def a must go to if your visiting or a local.
4	Fun show! Sing and dance to fun Beatle's song. Great stunts and fun colorful costumes. Worth the money!
1	Horrible horrible horrible . Hands down the worst cirque show in Vegas. I was bored out of mind and would have left early had I not been mid row. There is almost zero acrobatics. Dancing is third rate. I felt like I was watching the performers that were turned down for the real cirque shows. Complete waste of time.
4	It's like watching "So you think you can dance" choreographed to the sounds of the Beatles. Cute show, very little acrobatics,not my favorite!
4	We got 2 for the price of 1 tickets to the show on the balcony which I think are better seats than the lower bowl as you can see the activity around and below you.  There were curtains dividing the stage but they are removed for most part of the show.  Two large screens along the sides of the theatre are cool for Beatles video. I'm a Beatles fan so I really enjoyed the music loud and great sounding. Having been to other Cirque shows, I wasn't sure what to expect.  But I liked the mix of dancing and acrobatics and less of the comedy than other shows.  Love started off more fun with lots of activity and lots of performers to watch.There were a few songs that I really enjoyed including Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds with the bling and aerials.  Here Comes the Sun was another favourite of mine.  I also liked how they incorporated some imagery on the screens of the Beatles talking.  No photos and recording are allowed in the theatre and although there wasn't security to be seen, we saw at least 2 people caught and told to delete the photos from their phone and tablet.Great show with lots of props, colour, and diverse performers.  A great 90 minute show for $120US for 2.
3	The imagery and optical illusions were amazing and The Beatles music great, but I found myself to be disinterested in the story line and frankly, kind of bored during most of the show. I will admit I'm not used to performances like this and I'd probably give another Cirque show a shot if the price was right. Glad to say I did it, don't need to see again, but great to do once while in Vegas.
5	This is my favorite Cirque Du Soleil in Las Vegas. The Beatles music is used artistically and each song is themed to the performance. Such as Here Comes the Sun uses a large chandelier made out of candles to represent the sun and have dancing to the rhythm of the music
5	What a great show! Great theatrical experience, the music, lights, dancers, acrobatics, etc were awesome. I would definitely recommend watching it. 14 people in my family went from ages 16-91 and everyone enjoyed themselves. It was worth the price & time. We had a great experience. Can't wait to see more shows!
4	This show is surprisingly very good.My wife and I saw a Cirque du Soleil show a few years ago and I didn't like it at all. I hated the goofy, slapstick comedy and while I can admire the gymnasts' ability to do what they do, it wasn't my thing. I vowed 'never again'. But we got a deal on the tickets this time and I'm also a Beatles fan, so I figured if I hated the show I could at least enjoy the music. I ended up liking both.For Beatles LOVE, the comedy and goofy shtick are downplayed and the performers play it straight. At the same time, the show doesn't take itself very seriously either, which is a good thing. I still have no idea what the show is about or if it even follows a narrative of any kind. It's a 90-minute mash-up of heavily re-mixed Beatles songs and acrobatics. Each sequence of the show seems to vaguely follow the mood of whatever piece of music it's set to. The performers aren't trying to provide a literal interpretation of the lyrics so much as they're just reacting to the mood or tone of the songs. For example, "Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite!" is a colourful song, filled with lots of theatrical and circus references so the performers act out a theatrical, circus-y routine.If you would like to purchase something from the Beatles LOVE gift shop I HIGHLY recommend shopping there earlier in the day, before there is a performance going on. The store is mobbed with people immediately after the show and you'll be standing in line for a while. The store is not large and it will be quite irritating having to push your way through the crowd to view the merchandise.The same goes for the photo ops. Everyone and their dog was waiting to get a picture of themselves beside the silhouettes of John, Paul, George, and Ringo between the theatre and the gift shop when the show was done. Guess how many people are there in the afternoon - none! Pick up your tickets at the box office early in the day (that's right - to avoid the line) and do your shopping and photos at that time. That way when you come see the show all you have to do is show up - then leave.
5	This was one of the best shows I've ever seen. I love The Beatles, and this show is such a wonderful tribute to their lives and their work. The way the speakers are set up make their music sound completely new and different. If you see one show while you're in Las Vegas, make it this one!
5	I love the Beatles so I was really excited to see this show. I was not disappointed in the least. I was really impressed by the interpretation of the Beatles songs and the costumes, staging, acoustics, and props were all spectacular. The stage was set up in-the-round so that everyone had a decent view of the stage, and speakers were attached to the heads of each seat for the optimal listening experience. One cool thing that was used in the show were voice recordings of the Beatles talking in the studio. It really showed how much the boys must have had while recording. Songs that stood out: Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds, For the Benefit of Mr. Kite, and Flying/Blue Jay Way? (forgot which one, or both since the tracks were remixed) If you have seen Cirque shows before, however, you may be disappointed in the variety of the acts. While they did some other acts, the show seemed really dance and rope-acrobatics heavy. Overall, this show was outstanding. It exceed my expectations, and I would recommend it to anyone going to Vegas.
4	We did not have to pay for tickets and the guy that bought them got a Black Friday deal so we had some decent seats. How can you complain about a free show?   The visuals and aerials were incredible. They left me thinking about the performance a week later. The music is from the slower songs by the Beatles. Even though I was familiar with them, my girlfriend was not.     There is so much happening at once that it was easy to become overwhelmed to the point I lost track of the story they were trying to tell; however the stage was specifically built for this act so I concentrated on that and was amazed by just the technical aspects.  There is a behind the scenes tour that I would love to check out.
5	What can I say that hasn't been said already? It was a really good show. Seems like no matter where you sit, it's a good time. This is tied with absinthe in my book. Must see
4	I have been studying at the Cirque du Soleil - The Beatles LOVE for 9 months now and cannot see myself taking classes elsewhere. Not only is Todd incredibly observant and knowledgeable, but he represents your biggest motivator and fan in a town where true supporters are hard to come by. And everyone at the studio help in any way they can, becoming friends in the process.  The classes are great for Cirque du Soleil - The Beatles LOVE and sitcom writers as you study what makes jokes work from both sides of the coin, and the different characters on sitcoms you will portray. After only a few classes, you'll know what your "type(s)" is/are and be able to polish your characterization while always maintaining the humor of each scene.  For a fun time and advancement in the industry, I highly recommend Cirque du Soleil - The Beatles LOVE.
5	Another Cirque masterpiece!Top 10 Reasons Why You Should Check Out This Show:1) Not exactly a Beatles fan?  Neither WAS I.  Now I am.  2) The lighting is absurdly good... otherworldly.  3) Probably the most colorful production I have ever seen, and I am a jaded New Yorker who has been fortunate enough to see tons of Broadway shows. 4) The music almost feels like it was made for this production!5) Four words: flying bed on cloud.  Pure magic.  6) You could see this show tens of times and always find something new to watch. 7) This production is massive and lavish!  It is really hard to believe.  8) The athleticism is crazy good.  9) The costumes and sets are crazy good. 10) Not just a celebration of the Beatles, but a celebration of life. Prepare to maybe even get a bit choked up.
5	This is the BEST Cirque show in Vegas!! Any seat is a good one, so don't overspend.  90 minutes of amazing and varied entertainment set to the BEST music.  The show starts out great and climbs from there until you're out of your seat standing and clapping at the end.  Yes, it's pricey--but there are deals if you check Mandalay's website directly, or one of the Vegas ticket deal websites (even Tix4tonight can help.) Don't miss this one--kids and adults will be entertained!
5	This show is far and away the catchiest, most innovative and hypnotic stage show I have ever seen.  Whether you are a fan of The Beatles or not this show is a MUST SEE in my opinion.  The Mirage is home to the spectacle that is LOVE and by having this show performed in the round is absolutely brilliant.  The round stage offers a remarkably good view to all guests no matter what seat you purchase (although their is one minor interactive element exclusive to those who sit closer during the show but I wont spoil it).  The music is prefect and covers songs throughout the entire Beatles catalog of music and the story flows seamlessly throughout.  For those saying this has less high gravity and death defying acts than your normal Cirque du Soleil show is fair perhaps but the show definitely still deliver in this aspect as well.  There is so much going on at one time it is sometimes hard to keep up with it all and you go into overload mode but in a good way.The Beatles have had such an impact on many peoples lives in one way, shape or form and for me their music resonates big time in me and is often playing loudly in my head.  I enjoyed the entire show but the several of the scenes such as Hey Jude and Lucy in the Sky really stood out above some of the rest.  The show will take you through the entire gambit of emotions as you embark on the roller coaster ride that is this show.  You will feel the happiness and joy that many songs convey one second while being brought back down into a more somber, melodic and melancholy feel the next.  The show moves at a breakneck pace but never fails to keep you thinking and watching at every turn.  The special effects and props used were done to absolute perfection and really have to be seen firsthand to be believed.  They did an excellent job of weaving in world events and other periods of Beatlemania into the story which really gave the show a complete feel.  The Beatles are one of those bands who like them or not whose music will be around forever and will continue to resonate with people in different ways.  They truly were a once in a lifetime band that will love on forever and this show is a perfect homage to them.  If you are in Vegas and looking for a show this would definitely top my list.  Beatles and non Beatles fans alike will fall in LOVE with this show (pun intended).
5	This is unquestionably the best thing in modern Vegas.  This is partly because it's one of the few (perhaps the only) culturally significant things you can experience at Vegas-style scale and production in the city; most of Vegas is a giant celebration of its empty self and if you are a person with any sort of appreciation for humanities, and have a bit of intelligence and self-awareness you probably have some internal dilemmas about the city that can only be quelled by drinking profusely or finding your own personal state of abandon.  This show should temporarily put your consternation on hold because it such a tasteful and beautifully considered treatment of the band and their music.Being a cynical child of the 90's I went into this experience prepared to be very disappointed but I was immediately taken from the moment the show began by the SOUND.  I'm sure it's covered in other reviews but the first thing you've got to know is that the music was produced by Sir George Martin himself - if you don't know who that is that's fine...... but you should probably be, I don't know, learning more about the world around you in general then. ;)  Instead of some terrible sholcky four-to-the-floor remix of their tunes you get to hear really interesting alternate takes on many of their songs with perhaps the most spectacular modern sound system my ears have had the privilege to be exposed to.  It really is quite stunning, especially when you consider all of this music was originally recorded in an era when we were just getting things like stereo sound and multi-track production.Personally I'm not a huge fan of Cirque (kind of bores me to be honest) but the production of this show is quite a bit different.  It feels more akin to a musical theater production or if there was theater production of a music videos.  Of course it probably doesn't hurt that the soundtrack is some of the most well-known popular music of the 20th Century but I find the show highly engaging from start to finish.  The most famous "prop" of the show couldn't happen during a better song or moment in the performance and you'll know it when it happens.  Even the lobby, concessions and merchandising for Love is really well-considered and perfectly in theme with the band and their legacyPlan ahead and get seats up front because all the good seats are always gone weeks in advance.  It's not cheap but it's worth every penny.
5	Second time seeing the show and I loved it even more than the first! The first time it felt like since there was so much going on, you couldn't really focus on certain things accurately, but this second time I saw everyhing. Including all the little details I missed the first time. Any seat has a good view. If you can't find cheaper tix on travelzoo, try the cirque website.
5	Mesmerizing! This is an amazing visual performance you won't forget. It was at times dream-like, acrobatic, funny, dramatic. It's an added bonus if you like the Beatles. I was fully entertained and was so thankful to be able to experience this. Go!
5	Disclaimer ***I am a Beatles fan but not a "fanatic"*** ok that out of the way, Holy hell!!! As soon as the curtains drop you get hit with sensory overload I wanted to cry because my brain couldn't process the images my eyes were capturing at the speed that they were coming in. Music is everything mix it with a cirque performance with top notch performers and a top notch theatre staff from the box office to the bar and the ushers 5 stars all around. Every one needs to see this show, unless you just hate puppies, Apple pie, and the baby Jesus if you hate any of those things then you'll probably hate the show and should just not even bother.
5	OK Beatles fans, open in a new window and sing along....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taADLPtyDb0I'm a yelp writerDear Sir or Madam, will you read my review?It took me days to write, maybe just a fewIt's based on music, by the BeatlesAnd I need a compliment, so I want you to give me a "Good Writer"I'm a yelp writerIt's visual representation of a 60's rock bandAnd if you don't pay attention you won't understandThey all work for Cirque du Soleil,It's a steady job, but they want to say "They're a yelp writer"I'm a yelp writerI'm a yelp writerIt's 27 acts, give or take a fewMake advance reservations more than a week or twoFirst 7 rows are too close to take it inThat's my advice to you and I want you to give me a "Good Writer"I'm a yelp writerIf you really like the show you can write your own reviewGet a million complements or just one will doGo see Beatles Love, and write about it hereJust be creative and you'll want to ask for your own "Good Writer"I'm a yelp writerI'm a yelp writerI'm a yelp writer, Give me a "Good Writer"I'm a yelp writer, Give me a "Good Writer"I'm a yelp writer, Give me a "Good Writer"I'm a yelp writer, Give me a "Good Writer"
5	Best show we've seen!Its amazing watching everything happen at once. The music, performers, and video. If you are looking for a show, and don't know what to see...this is a Must!
5	I'm 66 and handicapped.  I attended with my rented "power scooter" and sat in a seat designed for mobility impaired!  My circumstances could not have been handled with more sensitivity!  AND having been of the generation of the British Invasion and having seen The Beatles introduction on the Ed Sullivan Show then eventually seeing The Beatles live concert in '65 all I can say is Cirque NAILED IT!!!! I felt whisked back in time to the point of tears!  MIRAGE....you NAILED IT with your absolute could not be better accomadations!
3	It was a huge let down, and maybe it's because I'm not a fan of the Beatles nor do I know anything about them...The stage is so dark and the music is so monotone that it was like a lullaby.  Needless to say, I slept half of the time.Also, the acrobatics were so mediocre compared to KA that it felt like watching those circus solelis that travel around the US that are just sub-par.I recommend KA to everyone and save $$$ on watching this show.
3	It was great until a performer fell to the stage, and we weren't sure if he was dead or alive. Thankfully, we found out the next day he was okay. I'm not sure I'll ever go to a Cirque show after that experience. What a shame.
5	If I could give this 100 stars I would!!!! Absolutely amazing acrobatics and the music was phenomenal and had great quality!! I did not want this breath taking show to end!! All the staff there were so nice and the show was simply amazing! The actors and actresses genuinely looked like they were having fun as well which made it so much better! Love The Beatles and love this show!!!
3	I have been wanting to see this forever. So we are here for New Years Eve and decided to finally buy tix. My man and I both found it to be too many slow songs and too much about a war torn era. There was so much pain in their writing. Instead of Love, I would call it War. I would definitely not recommend it even there are so many great acrobatic scenes. We literally came out of there depressed and spent $400 for the privilege of being depressed! Save your money and do something upbeat that makes you happy!
5	So before the end of year, I have to write about the coolest thing I did this year. And that was seeing The Beatles LOVE in Las Vegas. I had only seen one Cirque show before, which was Totem. Totem is a traveling show, which had already amazed me with its quality of performance. I was expecting around the same for this show, but it completely blew my expectations out of the water.We chose The Beatles LOVE because it was in a reasonable price range and seemed the most entertaining. I had grown up listening to The Beatles (I grew up in Berkeley). My boyfriend wasn't as excited about it since he didn't but he enjoyed it a lot anyways.Everything from the beginning to the end was just amazing. Even the opening scene had captured me. It was mind-blowingly beautiful. Everything about it was just pure art... The music, the dancing, the aerial tricks, the theater, the special effects. The funny thing is, when you hear the lyrics to some Beatles songs now such as "I want to be in an octopus's garden in the shade", you think in your head "what were they thinking??...". And from watching this show, you can almost understand what was going through their head as they were writing these songs.I love the stylistic art in this show. It really captured the whole peace, love, and psychedelic movement of the Beatles. It has something for everyone. It is wholly entertaining on the outer surface, and yet there seems to be some deep meaning behind it. If you pay attention to the reoccurring themes and symbolism, there is a whole different story playing out aside from all the tricks and stunts that are going on.My only regret is that we didn't get better seats. We were in section 304, and the best seats in the house are the 200s, not the 100s. There is so much stuff going on and they utilize the entire stage. The sound is outstanding since the speakers are built into the seats. I was really blown away by how much the special effects make a difference. The visuals and the sound were just amazing in creating the perfect psychedelic experience.I would highly recommend this show to anyone, Beatles fan or not.
5	All seats are great seats for this theatre in the round. If you are wondering whether to splurge for that front row seat, I'd say don't bother and put that extra money in a slot machine on the way! ;) You can't see everything from the front, actually, and may miss some stuff. We were 4th row from the rear and loved it. My favorite Cirque show by far!! Took the 11 year olds and they loved it too.
4	What a great experience! Visually a very stunning and fantastic show! I love the quirkiness and the unique-ness of the show.  I loved the costumes and the performers were all great- very full of personality and fun.  Overall this is a great show! And of course you will absolutely love the music and the atmosphere.
2	Out of the Cirque shows that I have seen (Zarkana, Ka, Mystere, MJ-1) this certainly had the least acrobatic ability on display. The songs didnt really transition all that well. The beginning of the show is really dull and even as a Beatles fan, it was hard to see the entertainment value. They left out songs like "Love me do", "Hard days night" which could have provided for a more up-tempo experience. Listening to the songs at the beginning, it was almost like someone read a buzzfeed article about the top 10 beatles songs you must know and then based the show around it. Each of the Cirque shows fare better than this one. I am disappointed, as a Beatles fan, I am very very disappointed.
5	We recently saw this show.  We loved it. Having seen so many cirque shows, I can understand how an avid cirque watcher would not like this show. It is different than other shows because it does not have as much acrobatics. Instead there are light shows, music,  breakdancing and roller blading... And let's not forget the VW big on stage.  I would recommend you watch it if you are in town.
4	My second favorite cirque show.  The theater is surrounded by the audience on all sides so each area gets a different view/experience.  The music is awesome.  My favorite part was when there was a solo artist dancing to "Something".  Very  moving.  VERY creative!!!
5	I have seen LOVE four times now. I an't get enough. I am so in love with this show. I don't know how it could possibly be better. What amazes me is that the cast seems to as thrilled to be performing the show as I am to watching it. Fantastic performers, fantastic costumes, and absolutely unbelievable set design.
5	Had no idea of what to expect since this was my first Cirque du Soleil show.What a wonderful experience. I'm a big Beatles fan so obviously the music was wonderful, but the number of performers and the acrobatics that they did were great.The seats were pretty good and the sound was just right, not too loud, but big enough sound to give you a great experience.Lots of different treats for the eyes coming out of the stage, the ceiling and the wings.Well worth the money since there was so much going on!
4	I'm a big Beatles junkie and I thought it was pretty good. Not my favorite Cirque du Soleil show, but still pretty visually stunning. The show itself lacks a bit of cohesiveness, and sometimes there's a bit too much happening on stage all at once. I know the show is probably meant to be a bit more on the abstract side, but some semblance of story progression would have been helpful. The transitions between acts is actually pretty seamless, but it's kinda hard to tell what's going on at times. Some of the segments were a little too long for my taste, which led to a bit of repetitive dancing. Also, there were a lot of acrobatics, but not quite as impressive as some of the other Cirque du Soleil shows that I've seen. Tip: you don't really have to go for the most expensive/closest seats in the house. Each seating area probably is a different experience on its own, and it's not necessarily enhanced if you sit closer. We had seats right in the front, but I'm not sure the experience was any better than those sitting closer back.That being said, the performance was very exciting, the decor and costumes were pretty well done, and I found myself enjoying the soundtrack, obviously. The overall choreography is very meticulous and they obviously don't recruit slouches as the performers. I thought it was pretty funny that some of the performers will steal your popcorn if you hold it out too far. They also ended the show with my favorite Beatles song, which I was waiting for them to play the entire show. They know how to end it right. Overall, a very good show, and I had a great time. Prices are definitely on the higher side, but I would still say it's very much worth it. Try to get seats somewhere in the middle (200's) section.
