1	I loathe Wells Fargo.Long lines, huge hassles, and employees not fit to be working at a fast food joint.  I had a nice employee once.  Literally, once.  Every other time, my transactions are brutally trying.I closed my personal account years ago after getting the run-around at their downtown Glendale location.When I opened an account for my class at this particular location (only because I had to), the business accounts employee looked mortified when I handed her a couple hundred dollars in cash to deposit.  And she almost wouldn't take the change because it wasn't in rolls until I explained the idiocy of asking me to do this when there wasn't enough of each coin to make a complete roll.  Then, she kept miscounting the amount and telling me my deposit number was wrong because she couldn't understand the concept of a $2 bill.  Thankfully, she's not there anymore because she got promoted. Yup, promoted.I had to call the 800-number to try to get an untrustworthy person's credit cards canceled on one of our accounts.  Guess what they told me?  That they couldn't cancel him unless they had the number on the card, but we didn't have the cards with the numbers on them in our possession, thus the reason behind wanting them canceled.  After I pointed out the ridiculousness of this policy all I got was "I'm sorry, there's nothing I can do."Grrrr! I could go on and on because every transaction at Wells Fargo has been somewhere between aggravating and enraging.
1	I hate dealing with this bank.  I've never liked their predatory lending practices and everything is a hassle; the wait times are always awful.  I would rather have dental work than to continue doing business with these people. The final straw with these idiots was today.  Wells Fargo issued me a refund check for $27.00 in the form of a cashier's check for an overpayment I made.  I went to this branch and besides waiting in the usual horrendous line because they have 2 people working the teller counter, I was forced to wait 25 minutes for them validate their own check.  They had to call a number of people to make sure my $27 was cleared.  At one point the manager came out, who didn't bother to apologize for making me stand there at the teller counter for 25 minutes while they fumbled with researching their own check.Wells Fargo -- fumble with your back office shenanigans on your own time.  I don't want to wait for 25 minutes to deposit a check into my own account.  At least they didn't try to sell me anything this time... I suppose I should be grateful for that.
1	I hate, HATE, HATE, LOATHE  WELLS FARGO...TODAY I tried to cancel an automatic bimonthly transfer from WF checking to an other savings account online that I had set up with them a few yers ago. Not only that I couldn't cancel this automatic transfer on the online banking site, but when I called to cancel this I was informed that I will be changed $29.00 to stop Payment...What payment it's an Automatic Transfer to a saving account. When asked to speak with a higher up, I was told they are too busy for a customer who has been banking with them for the last 7 years. She said that I should go ahead and Stop the transfer and then dispute the $29.00 after I was already charged for it AND THEY ALREADY HAVE MY MONEY....Of course i got NO guarantess that they would credit me for that...THEY ARE ROBBING THEIR CUSTOMERS BLIND, I TELL YOU BLIND...And you have to set up/ link a Savings account with them, but seems I can't ever save becasue they keep charging me for the saving account...RIPP OFF. AS SOON AS I FIND AN OTHER BANK I'M HISTORY...Oh yeah their tellers IDIOTS...everywhere.
5	When I first needed a Banker or any financial assistance, this was my first bank to go to since I lived right down the street. After an issue with my account I walked in to talk to a banker, everyone was super friendly at this branch, but the Banker James was always going the extra mile...which, of course makes your experience there so much better. James reassures me that everything will be taken care of and every time he reassures me that "everything will be taken care of" I know I am in good hands and I can go about my day not worrying about a thing. I moved to Boston a few Months ago from Scottsdale. There is no WF in Boston...but I have been working with James who always makes me feel like I'm a priority and when I call him and leave him a message...my phone call is returned in a very timely fashion. I'd just say he's probably one of the reasons I have not switched banks all together and decided to stay with Wells.  I love working with him, it's great to know that customer service still exists. Thanks James!!If anyone needs a bank/banker/ financial assistance, check this particular location and ask for James. He's awesome!!
1	Stay away from this branch!Just had to deal with the manager Brandon Price, and I hope this review will make sure you don't have to! While expressing concern to Mr. Price about a discrepancy in a transaction, he was incredibly rude and condescending. He spoke down to me like a child and got incredibly annoyed and frustrated and lashed out. I was just trying to make sure that my money was being taken care of since his branch made a huge mistake. All I wanted was to understand the situation, Mr. Price made it seem like I was wasting his time and tried to make me seem like the bad guy. So hopefully instead of taking your problems to him, just call Wells Fargo hotline so you don't have to deal with one of the rudest people I have ever dealt with!
