5	Roger has been coloring/highlighting/cutting my hair for two years now, and I cannot imagine using anyone else! He is absolutely incredible at his craft, and a true hair artist.
5	Roger IS as good as it gets! I've been seeing him exclusively for a couple years now and have followed him to several salons. He's always bent over backwards to accommodate my husband and I and he's super freakin talented with hair and color. Roger is also really great at fixing my "errors in judgement" such as: botched Great Clips "bangs", that time I tried to dye my hair brown and it turned green, that other time when I did the same thing, and recently when I dyed my hair a decent color, but it was fading super fast. He's super fair with rates, and when you're a repeat customer he will hook you up. Put simply, Roger Montoya is the illusive chanteuse of hair.
5	I love Roger! I've been a super big fan of his for a couple years now. I've previously reviewed other salons solely based on on Roger's work. His work is impeccable and we've been working the last year to grow out and repair the damage I did when I let someone else touch my locks. I love the Hair Studio where he's set up his own little spot now. It's a great location in the camelback corridor. I'll follow Roger anywhere. Except maybe Siberia. I hate Siberia. I guess I could visit but I wouldn't want to live there.  If you bring him a caramel frap, he'll love you forever.
5	Roger is a color genius!  I love, love, love my new highlights and the simple trim he gave me did wonders for my hair.  It's so bouncy and beautiful!! Thank you Roger, you are my hair hero!!  See you in five weeks!!
5	I have been going to Roger for 10 years and every single time I get my hair done I am so incredibly impressed and always amazed that he always comes up with something new and I love it every single time! If you're looking for a lifelong stylist you found the right person he did my hair for my wedding and even started to do kids hair now! Thank you Ro Ro we love u !!!
5	I actually found Roger here on Yelp, so yay!This guy knows his stuff - his expertise is doing blonde and it shows when he's done with your hair. Really. He knows his craft and have faith in his suggestions. He is nothing short of FAB-U-LOUS. He does other colours, too, but his blonding can't be beat. He's also a great cutter. We did my hair and then I went in for surgery two weeks later, so I'm about due for a visit. (There aren't many stylists in this town who not only text to find out how you're doing, but he offered to come to me to touch up my roots if I couldn't get there. Really. Who does that?)Best of all, I'm still getting compliments on the colour and the cut. He's amazing and he's stuck with me. I can't imagine letting anyone else touch my hair. I don't just love him, I LOVE LOVE LOVE him. Call and make an appointment. You'll thank you. And then you'll thank him.
5	I've been going to the same hair dresser for the past 10 years and I've always thought she did a good job.  Even thought I felt guilty, I decided to cheat on her and try Roger after my best friend kept talking about how amazing he was.  Well, she was right!  I can't believe how incredible the color came out :) I will absolutely go back to him and if you're on the fence, just trust me you won't regret going to him!  Not to mention he's a LOT of fun
5	He takes really great care of your hair and makes you look fabulous. I would highly recommend him...
5	Roger is amazing!  he is the best colorist  I have found in Phoenix. I am natural blonde and wanted to try something new and he colored my hair the most rich, gorgeous shade of brown.  I love it!! He has also put extensions in my hair and they are fabulous !  He also managed to bring my hair back to blonde before the extensions.  This is guy is amazing!
5	I visit Phoenix a lot and on this occasion needed to get my hair coloured and trimmed, I always get it done at home in England as I've had bad experiences In the states with previous colourists..... I found Roger through Yelp and thought with great reviews he must be good ... HE IS, I was over the moon with the colour he gave me, he made it look more natural and fabulous, I actually hope im in phoenix more often so he can regularly do my hair.
