4	I just moved out from an 'Equity Residential' property last weekend after living there for 18 months.  I had a very good experience renting my apartment from Equity and I recommend them if you are in the market for an apartment...They've got properties all over town and they offer corporate housing as well. The staff in the office where I was renting (The Palms) was great!  Shout out to Spring, Donna, Johnny, and Scott. The location there can't be beat either. Minnie enjoyed living there also since it's dog friendly and right next to a beautiful park!I'll miss living there, but I'm excited about where I'm at now as well :) Now - if you are in need of an apartment, give them a call!
1	I recently moved from an Equity Property and was charged outlandish charges. I went to them to correct the bill, which they realized the mistake. They told me to wait to get a new statement to pay. In the mean time I got a letter from the office manager threatening turning it over to collections and my social to some housing agency they all report to so I would have a difficult time ever renting again. I would recommend not just paying them but go over your statement. I would also never recommend you renting from them. I was in Crown Court; which my sales person Lavina was and is amazing, at least they hire some quality people. If they could only get their companies ethics in check.
1	I lived in a apartment belongs to this company for 1 year and 3 months and here are my comments.Pros: large rooms, good service team.Cons: 1. Pricy. For a apartment in the middle of no where they charge over a $1000 for a one bed and jack the rent 10% every year.2. Highly greedy. They tried to rob me two months early termination fee without stating in lease; trying to take all my security deposit for cleanning even I have done my part well enough.3. Management team is good when you paying the rent, once you want to leave they turned into cold stones. Trying to take as many penny as they can.4. 200 people with only one pool that is shared with another apartment building, total of 500 people in summer but only one pool to use.5. Laundry room is horrible. Water leak a lot.Don't recommend to live with this company's property at any level. I am an angry customer who don't felt being treated correctly.
