5	Valley Permaculture Alliance is a 501[c]3 in Phoenix valley with an online presence, whose mission is to inspire sustainable living through education, community involvement and creative cooperation.   VPA is seen throughout the valley at regular event, such as: Tour de Coops, Tree Growing Classes, How to create your own salves from herbs, Gardening, How to butcher a chicken, Alternative Energy, How to make food from mesquite beans and many other topics....This online community helped me save tons of money on organic chicken feed and save quite  a bit of money.  There was a blog calling Local Backyard Chicken Farmers, to pool chicken feed volume to make one large purchase for our group, which gave us wholesale prices due to our volume.  It saved everyone involved a significant amount of money.  It is simple and great!  An idea that was meant to come and stay....!  I order chicken feed with the group every two months.It is a great organization and I am very happy to have met this group of like-minded people who working together.  If you find yourself to be eco-conscious this FREE community is likely to have something for you.  A few months in, I have actually been learning quite a bit about health, diets and GMOs from some of the members who I have met through VPA.  Great Community and Resource!Permaculture is generally described as, "The Art and Science of Living with Nature"
5	Never thought of reviewing the Phoenix Permuculture Guild.  I utilize them for getting answers to our questions regarding raising our chickens, advice on eggs, our consideration for a goat and we even bought fruit trees from them on their annual tree buying day.  They have fantastic classes where they show you how to grow a garden and all kinds of things.  They even have a tour de coups witch shows you different chicken coup ideas throughout the valley.
5	I've been volunteering for the VPA and the APS Shade Tree Program two times. This was my first approach to them. In the middle of it I got to find out other things they do and how they are encouraging networking among neighborhoods. They have good and experienced speakers for their classes and through their website you can find solutions to your garden or START your own production of greens.
5	Great group, great people, great classes!  Highly recommend getting on their mailing list and taking a class!  My most recent one was on pomegranates and the presenter was extremely knowledgeable...one of the "experts" on pomes in the valley.  I've taken classes with other groups on permaculture, but this group is by the best!!
