5	Screw Conservatives idea of Planned Parenthood. It carries a pretty heavy stereotype as a abortion clinic and even though they provide this service - Planned Parenthood is one of the few places that works on a sliding scale (most helpful for annual exams) and offers affordable birth control.  So are you sans health insurance? When I was - Planned Parenthood charged me a reasonable and flexible amount for my exams once forked over a first time client fee. It differs based on income. Plus, the staff is helpful, friendly, comforting and very knowledgeable. Oh and!Need a refill on your birth control but don't have contraceptive coverage? Or need birth control and are too afraid to get your parents' permission? Their out - of - pocket cost is one of the least expensive places in town for birth control. Please don't blame me for turning your daughter on to the idea that she too can be sexually active and safe. We ARE living in 2007.
5	The sweetest Planned Parenthood I've been to. The staff got me on the Illinois Healthy Women program, which I wasn't aware of, and saved me a bundle. Each time I go in, there's a waiting room of teens and other peeps like me who can't afford health insurance. It's obvious that they are heavily needed here. This also means appointments fill up fast so don't dawdle, y'hear? It can take up to two weeks depending on the procedure.Got my annual and an IUD done there - the staff was funny and kept me informed during the entire procedure, which makes it go a lot faster. Cuz if you have to get poked and prodded, you might as well get a laugh out of it. They have the requisite beach sunset pictures on the ceiling also, heh.As for the protesters that like to stand outside with cardboard signs, they give me a little bit of pride when I walk past and go in. PP is an affordable resource and they help so many people in the community with nowhere else to go. Outside of the cliche and tired pro-life/choice argument (nobody is pro-abortion. Ever.), it's glaringly obvious that PP performs an invaluable service in this age of AIDS, teen sex, new parenthood, and the huge hump of sexual mis-education that promotes stigmas about our sexual nature, which the country is still struggling with.Way to address the sexy white elephant in the room.
4	I haven't been to this clinic in awhile, but when I did go, it was usually a good experience. I occasionally had a mess up with scheduling or some other issue that wasted a lot of my time and that was highly annoying, hence the lost star, but otherwise it was just fine. The people who work here are really sweet and informative. I got my annuals and birth control (pills, depo-provera shot and IUD) from here. The OB-GYN who was there was fantastic. Since I had no steady income and I couldn't use my insurance, they were able to put me on a sliding scale plan and I donated what I could give them each time I came in. This saved me a TON of cash. And, like Amy mentioned, make appointments early, they do fill up fast!It really pisses me off to hear that there are now protestors hanging outside the clinic. Yay, let's continue to oppress women's sexuality!
1	Planned Parenthood has very cold and stern staff who fail to give proper care based on biased personal reasons. I was there for a check up, seen by a woman who asked way too many personal questions about my life, and *deliberately* DID NOT help us get birth control, due to a personal bias based on the answers I gave her.It was an outrage. We needed her signature to order contraception and she denied us care based on her own personal reasons....She called her manager into the room and they both stood there like tall bulldogs, alienating me and my partner and blocking the way out the door. ...unbelievable...I am considering a lawsuit. I have never seen more unprofessional behavior.
5	I recently went to Planned Parenthood for my birth control needs.  As a low-income graduate student, I qualify for the Illinois Healthy Women program.  The employees at Planned Parenthood gave me information about the program, and also accepted the pink card when I made my birth control decision.In this town, I've been to both McKinley Health Center and Women's Health Practice, and I believe that the service I received at Planned Parenthood rivaled (and quite possibly improved upon) the service I've received in those other locations.  My health care practitioner was professional, courteous, and very friendly.  She made what could have been an uncomfortable experience rather pleasant!  I have already recommended Champaign's Planned Parenthood to my friends.  And if you decide on an IUD for your birth control, definitely have it put in there.  They went above and beyond for quality care and service. Finally, as an added perk, the Champaign clinic recently got a complete remodel.  It's now a beautiful, modern facility.
3	quick quiz.... what's worse than going to planned parenthood?  ...tick, tock...ready for the answer?!  here it is: going to planned parenthood and having about the most judgmental nurse and doctor EVER!!  i support what planned parenthood is all about, but it would totally awesome if their staff was on board too.  i have gone there several times in the last few years for exams or if i needed birth control and didn't have insurance at the time.  most of the time, the staff is great.  they are cheerful and seemingly happy to be doing their job.  however, on two occasions, i had the most judgmental doctor and nurse duo ever.  i wish i remembered their names, but i don't.  i felt like i was in an interrogation room right from the start.  they scrutinized my answers to most of their really personal questions; almost as if they thought i were lying.  as if that wasn't enough, when i asked for birth control, i was subject to the rapid fire questioning again.   really, if i'm there, and i'm asking for birth control, does it matter how many sexual partners i "plan" to have?  at the time, i really felt intruded upon.  it was none of her business if i was conducting elaborate orgy parties or i had been married for 10 years.  i didn't want to get pregnant, and that should have been enough.  so why three stars?  because i think this is a valuable service.  most of the time their providers are great.  at the end of the crappy visits, i still got birth control prescribed to me.  do doctors have bad days?  i am sure they do.  do they sometimes have to take jobs they don't want to just to pay the bills?  i'm also sure they do that as well.  it certainly felt like that was the sort of doctor i was sitting with on those two occasions.  one that didn't want this job and was perhaps having a bad day.  bottom line is... it's not super professional.  it happens, though.
4	I have been here for various services over the years whenever I was without insurance.  The staff aren't always the most professional people I've ever met, but if I were them, I'd be extremely jaded and cut-off, too.  Nonetheless, they have always given me the information and services I needed.  I don't remember her name, but there was a Nurse Practitioner that did my annual one year that was friendly, funny, and laid-back.  I really liked her, but I could see how some people might be put off by her super-casual banter.
5	Just got back from my first appointment at this Planned Parenthood and couldn't wait to write this review! I had been to planned parenthood in Roger's park in Chicago and they were the rudest, coldest people I have ever met in my life. THE STAFF IN CHAMPAIGN IS AMAZING. By far the best gynecology people i have ever been to. They are very sweet and understanding. The nurse practitioner went very slow and explained everything as she did it. AND SHE MADE CONVERSATION! She made me feel completely comfortable and safe, which is a MUST when you're getting such a violating exam! I am no longer afraid of my yearly!
1	Completely INCOMPETENT staff.  After switching insurance plans and needing my 12 month prescription re-issued to my new provider, PP was horrible at processing this request.  After promising they would fax it over the next day, and having the pharmacy assure me they never received it for a week, it turns out that PP never faxed it over.  After having to constantly talk to the insurance company, the pharmacy and PP over the course of A MONTH (which I had to pay out-of-pocket for my prescription) I finally got a letter in the mail from my insurance company saying "Cannot renew prescription. Request of renewal denied by doctor".  Thanks for helping me out PP, after I not only pay my co-pay to your incompetent staff, but additionally make donations for your site.  Way to improperly utilize your resources.
5	I have been going to this location for a couple of years now. I have always loved the staff they go above and beyond for people. They were able to help me get a last min dr appointment when I needed it. As well as help forward a prescription in a hurry. I am sad to be moving away from the awesome people here.
