4	Had an early dinner at SONY and was pleasantly surprised with a great BOGO early bird special!  Okay, okay, I know this is supposed to be about the food, but it was the deal that made our experience so good.  SONY has always always had very good pizza and sandwiches.  Not world class, but that's not really their niche.  Anyway, we could buy any pizza, sandwich or pasta and get another pizza, sandwich or pasta free.  Can mix and match between items.  Our two person bill went from $26 to $17 dollars which made me a very, very happy check picker-upper.  Oh yes, the food was great and service great too.  No complaints.
4	A little expensive, but they've got a pretty decent pizza. Booths are a little small and uncomfortable. Wait staff is always friendly and competent, and I'd say about 70% of the female staff is hot. It makes the food taste that much better!
3	I went here last night with my mom and her BF. I have been going to this location for a long time, and I'd say they're pretty consistent. The food is ok, I think their pizza is fine, but not wonderful... it could use more sauce. It's nice that they give out free garlic bread... definitely a plus. Last night I ordered a cup of minestrone soup and it was huge! not really a cup at all. I thought it was tasty though. The problem really is that the pizzas are super expensive and aren't that great. I'd definitely order that soup again though. So overall it was alright, it didn't blow my socks off, but it is a fine place to come eat.... especially at lunch time when you can get one of the well priced specials.
4	Been on the hunt recently for good pizza joints close to home. Drove by this place, but looked more like a sit down place, so I called to see if the sell pizza by the slice. They do! I had to wait like 6 minutes, but no biggy. It was so good too, especially because it was really fresh. It's a chill place, but I totally recommend this place for pizza.
3	Came in at 6. Semi busy. Had the chicken parm with spaghetti. Carb load before pat's run. Bread was rock hard. Chicken was soggy due to the watery marinara sauce. I had to get another plate to pour the watery sauce off. I really wanted to like this place as its within walking distance ;(
4	The pizza and wings here are amazingly delicious. Probably my favorite pizza in the Valley -- over Oreganos, Barros, Mellow Mushroom, and NYPD. I think it's the crust that I like the best here at Streets of New York. However, the pasta is not good at all here. I went last night and had the spaghetti, it tasted really plain, like a 6/10. Our service was great, though. The inside of the restaurant is decorated like the outside with street lamps and stuff along with a couple of flat panel televisions. So, no pasta for me but I will continue to order yummy pepperoni pizza and 16 honey bbq wings. Delivery drivers are fast and super friendly.
3	Came in at lunch time and place was pretty busy.  Seated right away, service was good, pizza and salad we ordered were tasty.  Good place to go for an inexpensive and quick  meal.
2	SO I have eaten in here, as well as gotten delivery. When we dine in, the passion bread is a nice complimentary touch, pizza is pretty good, and wings are yummy too. However, something bad happens between the restaurant and delivery. My boyfriend and I hypothesize it has something to do with the fact that they bake their wings, but upon arrival (earlier than predicted even!) the wings/boneless wings are mushy and vinegary...bummer. We ordered delivery out of necessity since it was a Sunday night football kind of day (drinking), and we were a little disappointed. Oh well...make up your mind for yourself.
4	Live nearby and gave this place a shot. Aside from the smell of the sewer outside the restaurant is nicely kept. Upon our second visit, our food was completely messed up. In that we got our main course first and our appetizers last. My wife's meal was cold. However, the manager recognized it was our second visit and he comped the entire meal. I never expected or would ask for that. It goes a long way with my family. I can understand mistakes. It's how you handle them that counts.
1	Stopped by before the game to pick-up wings and a salad. The wings were like dessert mummies dry with no sauce (we ordered Hot) the antipasto salad was 99% lettuce and no dressing. Try any place else but here.
4	Yummy yummy pizza's.Came on a Sunday afternoon and it was pretty empty.  Waiters were very friendly and everything was so delicious!
3	Streets of New York - not quite.  Don't get me wrong, this is perfectly decent pizza in the broad spectrum of the word pizza.  Always fresh and hot - a nice saucy pie with a generous amount of cheese and a huge amount of toppings to choose from.  Spinach dip was actually pretty tasty too.  The salads are nice, good selection and always fresh - they should offer their pizzas topped with your choice of salad.  The crust is the weakest link with these pies, they need to be crispy and slightly charred or thick and buttery - I'm happy either way but the pies seem to split the difference and not scratch either itch.Service has always been good dining in and their slices to go hold up well on the trip home no matter how many toppings you get.  It's truly a 2.5 but I'll give them the +.5 for their honest effort to make every dining experience a good one.
3	Pizza was good here. The servers were nice. Don't love it! But definitely don't hate it!
5	We order delivery all the time and the food is always top notch! The phone staff is always very friendly, and our food is kept hot until it is delivered to us. We wil definitely continue to order, thanks for keeping us stuffed.
5	Best pizza in Phoenix!  I usually get one every week.  Love the Christmas gift cards.
5	Awesome! I have had the pizza delivered but I wanted some pasta so I ordered the lasagna. It came with a salad and cheesy garlic bread for a little extra. It arrived early and it was delicious. The employees were very nice as well. Thanks!
1	Worst customer service ever.   This is the third time messing up a delivery order and the girl answering the phone could care less.  The first time it took an hour and a half and the sandwiches were soaked through with dressing.  The second time they forgot the dressing completely, and now the wings are undercooked.  I will never order takeout from this location again.
4	Celebrated my wife's birthday with our daughters and not only enjoyed our time together but also the food.  It would have been nice if they offered some sort of birthday desert.
4	I've been going to this restaurant (several locations) for over 25 years. It is reliable and has some great meals. I especially like the #7 Best of Everything sandwich.  I often order it for delivery but usually my order is incorrect. Usually I just go with it because it is too complicated to call and have them correct it every time   I leave notes every single time about the errors and asking that they double check order. It never matters --it is always wrong. I called a few times ago because even the pizza was wrong. (Wrong size and toppings). They corrected it because the other house got my order-- never adjusted price.  If I were running the restaurant I would want to make sure that the customer got the order they made.  I hope that they get their delivery system improved because I really enjoy the restaurant.  I actually do delivery orders weekly from the restaurant (probably about 20 times). The order has been correct about 4 times so there is a strong likelihood for a problem. Missing dressing, sides, or the wrong entree are common problems. I like the food and sometimes I just need delivery and the choices for restaurants that deliver are limited. The delivery people are VERY nice and I appreciate their good service.
1	This location could use a visit from Chef Gordon! After being seated outdoors, I ordered 4 things: Wings, Garlic Cheese Bread, Fries, and a Diamond Back Triple Pizza. After 15 minutes, the pizza comes out, which immediately ruined the idea and purpose of an APPETIZER... I was on my second piece of pizza when the fries and garlic bread arrived. By the time the wings arrived, we weren't really even hungry anymore. We still tipped the waitress $10 and wrote it off on the idea that everything won't always be perfect in life. This is where you earned less than one star SoNY.. That night, we are Black Friday shopping for a big ticket item and we realize they charged us the $40.54 for our meal and also authorized our card for another $112.00...which made the difference of getting the TV at the price I wanted and have waited months to purchase. When I called the manager the next day, he assured me that it was just a mistake and the money would go back on my account after the bank released the authorization. DUDE, THAT WAS $112 of MY MONEY that you prevented me from accessing when I needed it. Furthermore, when I told him of my experience dining at his establishment his only comment about a pizza coming out 20 minutes before my wings was, "Well, that's weird.." No, what's weird is that you would allow someone to have an experience in your establishment that GUARANTEES they won't return and all you can say is "That's weird" Streets of New York is not worth the hassle for mediocre food and poor service. AVOID THIS PLACE is you value your hard-earned money.
