5	New to the Plateau I quickly discovered this gem.Excellent, fresh food that reaches beyond bar food. Tuna tataki with salad and bacon? Amazing. Mushroom and mozzarella tart with balsamic reduction? I'm craving it right now.  Small wine by the glass selection but it rotates often enough and the staff are knowledgeable on this point and will help you choose. Always a cool crowd in the evenings. Upstairs terrace (no smoking). Chill music playing every time.Good for any night of the week - go check it out.
4	Walking through the downtown core and into the Plateau on Sunday, we were half-convinced some world-important event had occured that kept everyone chained to the TVs inside their houses. We were wrong, and the crowd in The Resevoir at noon when we arrived proved it. However, a table for two was not hard to come by and we waited a mere ten minutes - giving us plenty of time to debate our menu choices displayed on a big board behind the bar.It was a difficult decision. Health concerns pushed me towards a fruit salad that sounded scrumptious (nuts and prunes... how tasty!), yet, i gave in to a carb craving and ordered crepes with a pear compote, yogurt and maple syrup. Rather unfortunately, ten minutes after ordering, our waitress returned to ask me if pineapple compote would be okay because they had just run out of pear... le sigh. I love pineapple, but i am not a big citrus marmalade gal. My plate arrived: Three medium sized pancakes overlapping with a layer of jam and yogurt in between each and ample yogurt elsewhere on the plate. Carb heaven...Luckily, my companion did not give in to a carb temptation. He ordered duck - with bread and fried pancetta. I stole a bite and although i believe i like my duck a little more done, it was still very very tasty. An unfortunate oversight - no steak knives with the duck. However, the beverages - fresh orange-grapefruit juice and my earl grey tea which they steamed my milk for - were a pleasant addition. Did i mention the plentiful freshly-baked bread with butter (that should have been salted, but that's a true preference thing)?Resevoir needed to be visited. The ambiance is superb and the food worth the money (from $5 to $17 - my crepes were $10 and more than filling enough). It has not supplanted 7A as my favourite breakfast place, but it does have my recommendation.
4	A great little micro-brew place with tasty snacks...I'm a a big fan of their white beers...especially in the summer on the rooftop terrace.Reservoir also has a great brunch on the weekend, it's definitely not cheap but worth it.
4	Had brunch here in the afternoon.  Their changing menus are really awesome.  I got the grilled mackerel with grilled veggies and a lovely lobster sauce.  My companion got the salmon with veggies and a citrus-y sauce.  The salmon was good and the mackerel was excellent.  They are really good with their sauces there, which is often over looked in other restaurants.  Very experimental, but when they get it right, it's delicious!  Menu was only in french though.
5	Best breakfast in Town. Unusual combinations but always fantastic. Service is often with an attitude which is my only negative point. Be prepared for line ups on sat & sun mornings.
4	we went out with a group of 8ish on a friday evening and i expected a crowded spot full of rowdy 18 year olds (oh canada and your interesting drinking age!). however, reservoir was nothing like what i expected! we sat upstairs (there's also a cute outside balcony area), had no problems finding seating, and i liked that there was no pressure to order. we grabbed some drinks at the bar and forrest y really enjoyed their in-house brew. a few tempting munchies (grilled cheese sandwich - yumm!) and decent prices. wish that the bathrooms were cleaner and the music was weird (irregular electronic beats) but a good place for 20-30-somethings to enjoy a drink, catch up with friends, and relax.
4	From the good reviews here and elsewhere, we drove straight from the border to this cafe, arriving about 1:30pm for lunch on a Thursday.  Although it did concern me that the majority of the reviewers of Reservoir were from other cities, I was pleasantly surprised that this place did not cater to tourists by giving us a french-only menu.We sat by the window on the main floor and the place was half-empty.  I echo the sentiments of Al A that the service was extremely slow.  I ordered the braised pork with fennel salad and peanut sauce, while my wife had the salmon fish and chips.  About 30 minutes after we ordered, that server came over and told us that the chef overcooked my pork.  I suppose it's a good thing that he didn't serve me a piece of overcooked pork.  In the interim, they brought us out the soup of the day, which was a cold crab/yuzu soup - this was dynamite.The salmon was surprisingly not as heavy as I expected.  Nice light batter but crispy.  The chips were excellent - perfectly seasoned and crispy.  My pork was a little disappointing.  It was definitely a little overcooked and dry - I suppose the chef was having some difficulties that day.  Three and half stars, but I rounded up because of the honesty of the server, and they greatness of the french fries and soup.
4	I'll add my good review to the whole batch of others...I went here for sunday brunch with a girlfriend. We got there at noon, and were seated right away, at a small table right by beside open window. Well actually, it's almost like being on a patio, the whole side of the restaurant opens up into an open air seating area. Really nice.I ordered the spinach and lox on an english muffin type thing. It was really good. I'm not really a foody (as you can probably tell), but I really enjoyed the meal.The service wasn't as slow as I was expecting from other people's posts. Maybe it's because it was in the middle of the day. By the time we left there was a large lineup waiting for tables. So I'm guessing timing is everything with this place.I would go back to this restaurant. However, there's so many other great restaurants in the plateau area that I have yet to explore, so it might be a while :)
3	Perhaps it was because I came here on Friday in the middle of the afternoon, but I wasn't that impressed.  The service was so-so.  My beer was decent but not that great.  The downstairs is a bit tiny for my liking.  The upstairs roof patio is nice, but smoke free.Still, everyone else here seems to like it, so I'm sure my review is a bit skewed.
4	We've been there twice for bruch. Had the omelette and the pancakes. The pancakes come with an apple spread and diced strawberries mixed in. Absolutely delicious! There's more fancy stuff on the menu but we haven't tried them yet. We haven't got to taste the beers either so it will be for some other time but we were pleased with the ambiance, the crowd and the location. There is more to discover at this place so we will back.With regards to service, we agree it's on the slow side. You may not want to go there if you're starving and/or on a rush.
5	Sunday morning brunch recommended by our bartender the previous night, and boy did it hit the spot. Good espresso and fantastic food. I agree with others, the service wasn't amazing, but considering it was packed, and considering the quality of the food, I still give it 5 stars. The menu changes often, and theres a nice variety. Unbelievable short ribs were the highlight of the meal.
4	The beer was great. As was the pot de creme and the fish and chips and the giant salad of arugula. Not over dressed, but very simple. Staff was very helpful in describing all the beer they have and what they taste like.
4	This place was totally delicious and recommended to me by the owner of another fabulous restaurant!! Honestly, it was difficult to stop eating the entire time I was visiting Montreal.This place is buzzing, but we still managed to find a table. The servers were really lovely, but definitely took some time to get our plates of deliciousness to us. Initially I was going to go for the crepes, but then I saw the biscuit topped with smoked salmon, a poached egg and avocado puree. Phenomenal. Even though the portion was large enough to defeat me, i managed to eat all of it. I couldn't imagine letting it go to waste. That would've been a crime against my tastebuds. I didn't realize that smoked salmon could taste that good.The eggs benedict were also amazing. It was a leisurely and amazing brunch. I shall return.
5	If this restaurant were in Toronto I would have taken a star off for the laid back and easy going service. We are tense people that like to have food shoveled into our faces quickly so we can get back to feeling important and busy. So I say thank goodness Reservoir is not located in Toronto.The food was perfectly prepared with maximum flavour and a killer presentation. I usually have eggs benny at new places as a gauge for how good they are. It's not a tough dish to make but it's still easy to screw up or cheap out on (packaged hollandaise or frozen asparagus/spinach for instance). I'm happy to say that it was delicious. Two eggs set on top of leeks with a little tea biscuit of some kind. The sauce was perfect and it came with a slab of bacon that melted in my mouth.The servers were sweet and attentive and helped make the restaurant feel comfortable and welcoming. There is no rushing here and no one telling you to finish up and make way for more customers. It was wonderful.I can't wait to come back and try out the micro brew.
3	It was a warm night so the place was pretty busy.The beer was great, I think the main menu food on the board was pretty expensive for what it was. It tasted ok, just overpriced.The service is pretty relaxed, which is ok as long as you are not in a rush!
2	The atmosphere was great but the service was not so great. The drink selection was great. The food selection and presentation was great but it was a little overpriced and extremely oily, I was sick the rest of the night after dinner. Cool place to hang with your bros but not so cool as a dining experience.
5	Truly as good as it gets when you think about a gastro-pub.  I am a jaded New Yorker, and this place put me at ease!The micro-brewed beers were amazing, but the food was the real star!  We ordered the cheese and charcuterrie plates, and loved every minute of it!Sit on the terrace on the 2nd floor if you can!  LOVE this place!
4	Great list of self brewed beers and a food list to match, the atmosphere of this place is warm and inviting.  I really enjoyed the Cream ale on a warmer summer day (and I'm sure they have some great beers for winter).Certainly a place that I'd like to bring friend's back to for a few drinks and a good time, there's a little bit for everyone here!
4	For someone who has lived in the city all their life it's amazing to see the evolution of this place! From just serving Tapas and great beer to now having full dinner and brunch. This is city is all about knowing where to eat brunch and Reservoir is a perfect answer to this question. Seriously out of this world brunch with a heavy emphasis on the lunch in brunch. We sat down and had some scrumptious eats while ordering a beer at 10:30. DO IT, Its worth it! Get there early, 10:30 is a great time to arrive since the place fills up fast for brunch.
5	Great and busy atmosphere. Nice set up. Cool music. Great service.Weizen beer (if you're like me and prefer the blonde-type). Tomato soup. Grilled cheese. Satisfaction guaranteed. Enough said.
5	Even though I gave 5 stars last time, the service seemed even better today. Maybe it's because this time I sat up at the bar so I was definitely attended to much faster and had direct access to anything I needed from the servers. I ordered my usual pint of Weizen beer (although I wish I tried their cherry beer, instead) as well as a gruyere grilled cheese sandwich that, unlike last time, included a thick slab of bacon too. As usual, I'm very pleased with this place. I look forward to pushing my boundaries on my next visit and trying new food/drinks that they have to offer, which I don't doubt will be anything short of perfect and satisfying.
4	So good and So close really too close but really too good if that makes sense. We were waiting to check into our apt and found this place via yelp/a friend of a friends recommendation. We were  the only people here around 2:30 pm and they only offer the snack menu until HH so we ordered grilled cheese , the house chips and LOTs and LOTS of wine. I was in heaven for the short time i consumed this sandwich and  would for sure order it again. As we entered our second hour here more people came and pretty soon if was mobbed. This seems to be a very local place and the price point for food,wine and beer was spot on. We did see the daily menu board and were intrigued (not enough to come back but intrigued) Service was friendly enough and the people watching was legit.
4	What I knew: beer. Pilsner, ales, stouts. Brewed here. Cocktails.What I assumed: upper scale bar snacks like olives and almonds.What I guessed: dinner menu, on the chalkboard.What surprised me: the second floor terrasse. Late night noshing meant that some of the main entrees were fini. But the fish and chips were calling my hangry tummy. Arriving 10 or so minutes later, presented on a wooden board with a spread of tarter sauce, mayo and ketchup -- I shut up and stuffed my face full. A lively feel upstairs, we were surrounded by folks doing Irish Car Bombs (although, this is not that kind of place), mixed with giggles and laughter brought on by a mixed crowd. Hipster aloof is what I was expecting from the service, but what we found was friendly guys who were on the ball and whipping up some pretty stellar drinks. Would I go back for beers and brunch? Uh, is my name Crystal H?
5	Great bar.  Some of the portions are too small, but the tartare is always a good size and delicious when they haven't run out.  Nice upstairs patio.
2	Disappointed... That's what comes to mind. The service was slow, like... we don't care if you're in the place slow. They forgot out order twice. The first 3 things we ordered off the blackboard were out of stock. Which led to the dreaded line "so what DO you have?The food that did arrive was ok. Chalk this one up as the "trendy joint that won't last forever". Not at Plateau standards. It survives on location and terrace.
4	Great place with a cool atmosphere... part brewpub, part bar, part lounge... all in all, very cool!Having read the Yelp reviews about the upstairs terrace, that was exactly where my sister and I headed when we stopped by around 8 pm on a Sunday night. I spotted a couple tables filled with people on the first floor (which has more of a bar/pub feel to it), before heading up to the second floor. The second floor has a lounge feel to it, with low tables and seating in the dimly lit room. It's open air on two sides to the terrace, which had about 10 tables, one free when we arrived. We snagged the free table (on the side, not overlooking the street, although it was a quiet street, so I don't know how much of a view there would have been).Our server came out right away and took our drink order. He was very friendly. When we arrived, there were menus on the table with the drinks list and the appetizers. When the server came back, he told us that the full menu was written above the bar in the inside room (annoying). So we had to get up from our table, stand awkwardly in the empty second-floor lounge area, and try to read the menu as quickly as possible (of course, it was in French, and not all French food ingredients are things you learn in college French). So, having attempted to quickly figure out which dishes sounded best, we slunk back to our table to pretend like we'd never had to get up in the first place.The end of all of that was that I ordered the Greek-style tacos from the dinner menu and my sister ordered the croque-monsieur from the appetizer menu.Our food came quickly enough, and was good. Like pub food, but with a French flair (and in my case, a Mexican/Greek/French flair?). The tacos were basically build your own style, with a chick pea filling, cucumber/tomato/vinagrette topping, and tzatziki sauce. Really interesting, and very good! My sister's croque-monsieur was good, with apple butter as an interesting twist.My beer was great - I went for the black beer for my first round and the pilsner for my second. The servers switched shifts, and a girl took over our table. She was friendly and attentive.We lingered on, staying until around midnight. Most of the diners on the terrace were there for the long run - casual conversations with friends, prolonged meals, several rounds of drinks. The terrace had a fantastic atmosphere on a warm summer night in Montreal. Being so far north, the sun stayed out for a long time and took forever to fully set. I'm sure this place is hopping on a Friday or Saturday night, but for us, late on a summer Sunday, it was the perfect place to sit back, relax, and chat.
5	Awesome IPA, great music, and delicious fish and chips. Olives and grilled cheese were great too, though some of the olives were a bit past their prime. Staff is friendly and attentive. You can buy certain bottles to enjoy at home. I really like the vibe of this joint. It's the type of place that just screams "sit here for a few hours and enjoy your beer." One of my favorite stops in Montreal.
5	I would come here all the time if I lived here. Excellent IPA, great food, accommodating bartenders. Mixed olives were a great variety and very generous. I got the grilled cheese which was crispy with extra sharp cheddar, and caramelized onions. Tried my boyfriends fish and chips which was superb, and again, very generous. I would have gotten it if I thought I could handle it. Overall we both chose right and were glad we came to reservoir, which had been on our to-do list since day one.
4	Can be very busy but was not this Sunday at 11am for brunch. Got packed less than an hour later.The brunch menu features a selection of fairly unusual fares, of which I picked the roasted Piglet Flank. It's 5pm and I am still dazed. Yes, it was that good! Every detail was well thought-out. Coffee was great, service was courteous and friendly. Don't expect any Cora-style brunch items, but if you're open-minded, you'll be surprised and delighted.
4	Really cool bar with house-brewed IPAs and a GREAT upstairs lounge area.When I was visiting Montreal for a long weekend in the winter, we were on a bar stroll that led to Reservoir at about 6 PM. We were only expecting to be there for a drink or so, but 3 hours later we found ourselves ordering beer after beer and kicking back on these great chairs upstairs.Snacks were solid, crowd was interesting...I'd definitely stop by next time I'm in the city.
5	This place is so cool. It was my favorite stop in Montreal! Music was chill, servers were chill, and the atmosphere too. Crowd was cool. I expected pretentious hipsters, but really everyone was just hip. Reviewers suggested going to the 2nd floor to sit, but realized there would be a difference in the winter. I just got back from our trip, March, but it was snowing a bit. So the upstairs ended up being just more seating space rather than an open terrace.. a bit lounge-like, but definitely much less pub-like and loud than downstairs. It closed earlier though, maybe 11pm-12am ish.  Our server was sweet, friendly, and very helpful. She offered to translate everything and was very attentive, her timing was perfect in bringing over our second round of drinks. My boyfriend and I both got the cream ale. I just checked the menu online and can't find it, but if you happen to see it when you're there, get it!!! So, so good. He can't stop talking about it. I'm less of a beer aficionado and I can't stop either! So CREAMY and rich and smooth. Definitely coming back, even just for that beer.We ordered from the written menu, and our friends ordered from the specials on the board, some fish dish that I didn't try, but looked delicious. We got the grilled cheese, fish and chips, and arugula salad. Overall a great combo! The grilled cheese was quite small for the price, in my opinion, with 1.50 for extra bacon, which we got of course. But it was just too good to complain. Pickles were eh, though. Fish and chips were very yummy, nothing crazy to rave about there, but the arugula salad was especially nice. Extremely light yet flavorful. And definitely necessary with all the greasy stuff we were eating hahaComing back without question.
3	When we arrived at Reservoir, it was so dark... On a Monday night, this place was quiet.Bartender was nice and helpful in helping us to pick our beers but since Reservoir has a limited choices on draft: Black, White, Scotch Ale, Plisner, Weizen, Cherry and IPA.We didn't order any snack or food because it was almost midnight... and all we need was a drink.Beers were OK. I guess...Nothing standout to be too awesome for a special trip, but definitely will drop by for a pint or 2 when I am in the area!
4	Very fun and chill atmosphere, not too loud or crowded on a Tuesday night (of course). Unfortunately it had been raining a lot and there was no terrace setup, but I would like to go back and check it out next time. The bartender was a tad snobby (he only spoke French and when I tried to speak slowly in English my local friend just ended up telling him in French what I was saying), but that wasn't a big deal. He seemed skeptical that I would like the apparently strong IPA I had ordered, but I like IPAs and it's not his business really! :]Aside from that, I had a great time sitting at the bar and chatting with a friend. I'd go back if I'm in Montreal again someday.
4	Very satisfying cream ale and a relaxed environment.
4	Both times that we went here over the long weekend, the upstairs area was not open but they made up for it by having their Saison beer on draft which they generally only have in bottles.  The Saison beer was superbly light but a smooth slightly fruity after taste and it WAS 6.4% ABV!  It was a great summer beer.  The pale ale beer was also very good!  We also got appetizers one night.  We ended up getting the cheese plate and the scallop ceviche.  I enjoy all types of ceviche and this scallop ceviche was exellent and the portion was big.  You could have also gotten Quebec lobster as an add-on in the ceviche but we passed.   Our local Montreal friends had never seen ceviche on the menu.  Their menu was a chalk board which changed and was very limited.  IMO, a limited menu means that they do everything well rather than you trying to figure out what they do well out of dozens of selections.  This is a divey bar with great beer and a very casual meal if that is what you are looking for in a restaurant.
5	Looking for a place to hang with a cool crowd and a good pint of brew? Look no further. Stopped here for a cold one on a Thursday night. The bartender was helpful and made good recommendations. We sipped our beers and soaked in the atmosphere. The crowd here is laid back and trendy. All in all, a great find!
4	Cool little local bar.  Good beer brewed on location.  Laid back atmosphere.  Going back again.
4	This place has excellent house brewed beers. I've only ever tried the cream ale, because it's so good, so I can't report on all of the varieties they have on tap. The first time I tried it, it almost tasted like cream soda. I commented to the waitress how creamy it was and she said the batch was creamier than usual. Upon tasting a second batch of the same brew, I realized that she was right. Still, the cream ale is pretty good! I'd give this place another star if their food items were a little less pricey.
5	Great place to have  drinks and munch. It's laid back, simple, not too expensive. The food is pretty good, especially fish and chips (well, fries). great beer, good music, nice waiters. What's there not to like?
5	This one is gold. Every beer I tried was delicious. It's not much more expensive, if at all, than a lot of the nearby dives on St Laurent, and you get great quality for your money. Great atmosphere, quiet, dim.
5	It's a fancy breakfast place without the pretentious overtone that I have been noticing in the plateau. The menu was simple and clean. I had a light fresh salad, all the vegetables were fresh and with a light dressing with a light pinch of basil.Great place to have a brunch, try the fresh grapefruit juice, it's so refreshing, no added sugar.Food is fresh and organic,Definitely a worth wild place to come again
4	Friendly, cozy Montreal at its best. We were in town for a few days from California, came in here looking for dessert, and were bummed to find out the kitchen was closed with not a brownie crumb to be found. But Simon at the bar was so sweet and so cool that just chatting with him for a few minutes over our delicious beers made it all worth the visit. Thanks!
4	Halfway through our 3.2 km walk to Dieu du Ciel, we were obviously in need of refreshment. Luckily, we spotted the roof patio at Reservoir, and the decision was made. We tried two beers, the IPA Citra and the Blanche, both were phenomenal. After watching the waitress carry them past, we also decided to give the petits beignets a go, and they were crispy and delicious, just like we'd hoped.The service was friendly and comfortable, just like the atmosphere. Love the rooftop patio (though there aren't a ton of seats that are actually outside). I bet they wait all winter to throw those glass doors open.
5	Great service, very friendly staff, great location and unpretentious. And most importantly, great beer! This has been a new favorite local place to go on any night of the week. There are no TV screens so you don't have to put up with hockey fans!
2	Can't comment on the breakfast but for dinner/drinks at 830 p....- it's very loud- the tables are sticky- there is no English menu (although that's not uncommon)- the dinner sandwhiches are surprisingly small, no fries incl. but it was tasty, have the fish and chips. It's bigger. - food was fast to the table - beer selection very weak and the Blanche was watery
2	So, it seems, Reservoir has gone vegetarian.Beer and a veggie-burger, guys? Oh yay! :-/They do have squid rings, true, but that's not really enough to satisfy your average meat loving person for longer than it takes to quaff one of their micro-brewed beers.That's as long as we stayed there - one beer- so there's not much more to report except for the almost eerie lack of men in the place.
