5	OMG!  I had read about Off Chute Too here on yelp and live right near it, so I decided to stop in today after work.  Not really knowing what to expect, I walked in and my jaw dropped.  HOME!  Most of the stuff is geared toward gay men, but they do have a small women's section.  The guy running the place was really nice and we talked about how hard it is to get a date!  *lol*We even got to talking about some of the "tools" in the display case.  I am pretty educated on the fetish lifestyle, but there were 2 things I had never seen/heard of.  Got a cute purse (OMG I shouldn't have but I had to because it's my birthday next week and I just won't show it to Mom, ok????? So shut up already!) and fishnet shirt.
3	This is not your typical store.  it has interesting things for those with alternative life styles, and for people with certain fetishes.  As a whole I thought it was interesting.  The merchandise seemd goodwith an interesting variety. The prices were lower than I have seen other places for similar merchandise.  The lady had the counter couldn't have been nicer.  She and the other gentleman knew there merchandise.That is a big plus with me.   I liked the attitude of the store.  People that came in to shop seemed like a pretty nice group.
4	OK, back in the day, i TRIED to get into this place, it was not girly friendly at the time.. I was a Lil drunk begged, pleaded to the hot door guy to lemme in just for a second, he was NOT having it.. I said well i am really a boy, he laughed out loud... damn can't blame a bitch for trying.. NOW that i know it is vagina friendly as well i will have to goooo... Weeeeeeee, i cannot wait, the voyeur in me is SCREAMING to get let loose...
4	Today Bas' neighbor leaned over the fence from his back yard and made a slick comment about my mankini and that made me realize I hadn't review the store where I bought those skimpy bottoms. Mother of pearl!At the beginning of summer, Robert and I met up with Bas at Off Chute Too for the purpose of finding new swimwear. I decided to go very risque and get a pair that were smaller and more fitted than my underwear. Why? Because I'm 35 and don't care. Being able to try on the swimsuits before buying them was a great experience. Just ask Robert. And while I was a little sticker-shocked by the cost of $55, in the long run it was money well spent. They make be feel pretty, give some nice extra support to my pigs in a blanket, and lift my ass so well you'd swear I wasn't a white boy.
3	Don't bring your kids here, it's an adult store; although you will find toys :P Still, don't confuse this store with the gay male bath house "Chute".It's slightly hidden, but you'll find it if you park in the small lot just south of the Rock  and the Community Church of Hope near the corner of 7th Ave and Indian School Rd (look for the door under the staircase).
4	Biggest selection of leather wear I have ever seen in my life. Nice selection of whips and S&M gear, if I was into such a thing. (cough, I'll take the whip). Boot selection is right in the front when you come in and they had a pretty good selection of platforms. I like that they integrated more stuff for women and they have dresses, skirts and shirts now. Watches with studs, jewelry and collars too. Heading towards the back that is where you come to the good stuff. Dildos abound in every size, shape, color, function that you can imagine. Plenty of sex toys to keep you entertained for hours. Leave the kids at home as this store is strictly NOT for kids. Service is very friendly and they will help you try on those boots.
5	I want to wish Patrick and his Staff a Wonderful Holiday Season!I have depended on this The Chute Too many of mornings after FUN nights out and about in "The Valley of the Sun" when I may have forgotten a piece of clothing a friend's house.The product selection is always up to date and a small pair in everything is always available. The prices are comparable and the personal dressing room is spacious... Well the dressing room I use.Thanks Patrick for Everything you do for the active city boy!
5	Ah, I love this store.  It's my sweet little haven for all of my rainbow needs.  The place is tiny, but tucked inside are many splendid things.  Lots o' leather/bondage stuff and toys..and I don't mean Toys 'R Us.  I really love the clothing for us ladies, cause maybe I wanna wear some tight, corsette-y, short skirt-y, high heel pump-y things around the house sometimes.  In addition, they also have gay-pride everything, bumper stickers, greeting cards, jewelry, books and mags, etc.  Seriously though, the customer service is top-notch and they are always able to answer any questions I have. Thanks Patrick for keeping it Roy G. Biv.
4	This is the coolest little boutique! The staff here are super cool, friendly and very helpful! When I was looking for no show underwear for a Halloween costume (Lt Dangle - Reno 911) the guy working there had me try on a number of types! More than I wanted too even!Furthermore, if you are looking for a card for a friend, they have a collection of the greatest greeting cards ever! Awesome!
5	At first glance this store felt tiny and overcrowded (but we've been told they are moving into a larger storefront in the same building this week!). As we walked through the store to the back we found a lovely bondage and S&M section. Their leather collection is phenomenal and I was thrilled by the color and style choices available. Patrick was very helpful when it came down to finding our way through this trove of delights and we ended up finding not only what we came for, but two additional adult toys.This shop is built to cater to different niche crowds. Not everyone is looking for the basic vibrator or corset-y costume and I simply will be back for *all* of my specialty needs.
4	Just moved next door into a bigger space.  More parking also.  Clothing, cards, adult section and many gifts for everyone.
3	Great stuff here! I love going in and looking at their gag gifts. I must say the parking lot is rather small, but I do love the amount of space INSIDE!
5	This is one of my favorite stores in Phoenix, me and my boyfriend love underwear stores and this is one of the best in the country! great selection and the customer service is great! i've spent well over $1,000 in this store in the last 3 years.
5	great selection of underwear...great staff..friendly
