4	Total dive looking place. Like the kind that would give you bad food, but it is exactly opposite. The interior is clean and inviting. This place has been here for at least 23 years, cuz that is how long I have been going. The food is good, the service is great and the place is cheap.
4	The other day I spotted China Garden Buffet here, a homely, windowless building on the corner of 19Th Ave. & Bell Rd., & returned today for a closer look to see if I could get up my nerve to eat here.  (If so, would it be 1-Star, or 2?)Inside this little place, there were only about 18 main food items out, but I did receive a friendly greeting & things looked clean, & so I decided to give it a try, & started with the only soup, Egg Flower.  It was good, & so was the salad.  There was also a dish there that was sort of a cross between cole slaw & egg salad.  Whatever it was, it was good too...This place turned out to be almost a dead ringer for May Garden on Indian School, & must be related.  (I'll ask next time I'm at either one.)  Both feature:*  "Garden" in the name of the place.*  Warm, friendly, very comfortable atmosphere with lovely Mr. & Mrs. Host making    sure you're happy.*  Small but satisfying selection of food!*  Windowless building makes it cozy.*  Delicious Chicken Chop Suey (rare here in the Valley).*  Delicious Chinese Meatballs (rare here in the Valley).*  Superior Pork Fried Rice!*  Same price ($6.25)*  Same 4-Stars, too!  This is a very likable little place!=========================================NOTE 12/25/10:  Yes, this place belongs to the sister-in-law of the nice guy who owns May Garden.     :-))
4	Good food, great service and they have been there since 1980...WTF a business that is still around after 30 years... must be good.
5	I have been coming to this place for atleast 5 years. This is a favorite of my friend's whole family. This place is so very consistent. They always have the same good things. If you're looking for buffet variety this is not the place. Everyone is so very nice. This place has been open for 30 years for good reason. I have never ordered from their menu because their buffet is so good. Go and try not to get hooked. Enjoy!
5	Simply put, amazing! Small selection, but what they have is some of the best I have ever had. Sesame chicken has incredible flavor, great Lo mein, decent salad bar, tasty sweet n sour pork. This is a wonderful place worth seeking out. Yes the building is windowless and ugly outside, but inside is a little slice of Chinese heaven!
2	I chose this restaurant based on the ratings in Yelp... that proved to be a mistake.  I'm baffled as to why other raters gave this place such a thumbs up.It is indeed small and plain-- to the point of being distressed.  The sidewalk leading up to the restaurant was spotted with the prehistoric remains of past masticated chewing gum.  The handle of the front door was sticky.  Inside there was a very small and dingy dining room decorated in "early depression".  There was a small, short, serving area featuring about 10 to 12 entrees, none of which were appetizing.  I tried a little of everything on the line and I have nothing nice to say about any of it.  The chicken and fish were so breaded that I can't honestly say I ever encountered any meat inside for which the dish was named. When I pushed on one of the pieces of sesame chicken with a fork, a thick, oily fluid oozed out of the breading.  The few vegetables available were limp and over cooked.  The egg drop soup was tasteless and the meatballs may have been made of packing foam.To be fair, I can't say that this was the worst Chinese buffet my wife and I have ever encountered... but it did make the bottom ten list.Yes the employees are friendly and the prices are very reasonable... but then, I guess you get what you pay for; so if your budget is restricted and your expectations aren't very high this would be the place for you to fill the void in your gut.  If you are looking for flavor and a dining experience, I think you would have better luck in an inner city soup kitchen.
1	So my coworker was really promoting this place to me, and I felt like Chinese food so our decision was made.......Horrible mistake!Number One: Disgusting bland food. Every single (limited selection) dish sucked! The orange chicken tasted like old microwaved from freezer over sauced cardboard. The onion rings were crap. The egg rolls, crap. The chow mein noodles which I thought were supposed to look brown, were these pale watery strans of crap. The rice, which was clearly not white rice, was bland. The desserts sucked as well. Also, the presentation of the food looked very sloppy. Number Two: Horrible enviornment. Ugly pink walls with horrible dollar store decorations. The booth seats were WAAAAYYY to close to the tables which made for an uncomfortable sitting experience. The sneeze guards were dirty. Weird smell. And stupid layout, with a couple of booths too close to the employee personal area and some too close to the (again small) buffet line. Number Three: After this review, I am calling the health services on this disgustng place. A couple of times I noticed an employee scratching their nose, and then continuing with their work. Then I was forcing down my food when my coworker spots a moving insect on the wall next to us. It was a BABY COCKROACH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Screw this place. I will never ever go back here. And if this place isnt shut down, I hope nobody else does either. On the plus side, its only $6.00. But still not worth it. If I could, I would give this place negetive 1000000000000000000000 stars.
4	I have not been to this place in like 10 years.  Got invited to go to lunch today and it was EXACTLY the same as it was the last time I was there.  Buffet was pretty good and the menu has not changed either.  Not much to look at but for a 6.00 lunch what do you expect.
3	= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Wow, it's been over a year & a half for an update to this one, so here goes:Joined a fun UYE to this place today with Yelp friends Jim B., Daren C., Ryan C., and Arlin B.  I'd refer you mainly to my original review, as nothing has changed much.  I didn't think the food was quite as good as last time though, so I'm dropping it down to 3 Stars.  The Broccoli Beef was sort of tired, the Chop Suey unremarkable, & the rice was plain, not the great Pork Fried Rice they had out last time.  The Egg Flower Soup was very good though, after adding a little Soy Sauce to it, & overall everything was all right.This small restaurant is very comfortable as far as temperature, lighting, & sound go, & the booth seat-to-table spacing is just right in my opinion.  Also, the staff members are friendly & appreciative of the business, so this place goes forward as "A-OK!" with me!     :-))Lunch Buffet $6.29
3	If you're looking for the same americhino fare that you had here in 1983, well, there it is.  Same menu, same recipes, same grease.There's nothing too terrible about their greasy, fried: (rice, egg rolls, chicken, chicken wings, sesame chicken, onion rings, egg foo young, s&s pork, and jello).Yes, even the jello was deep fried and greasy.  Not really.There's just not much selection, and what you get is 'mbleh'.(that's half 'meh' and half 'blah')Everyone keeps saying "well, at least it's only $6."  Well, for that price, I could pick from a half dozen gems within a mile radius of this nostalgic black hole boofay of yester-year.But I'll generously round them up -  they're friendly, the food's tasty and filling, and fuggit it was only $6.
5	Love this place been going here for 10 or so years it looks scary from the outside but give it a chance the owners remember everyone that is a repeat customer they remember if you want spicy mustard or not the food is great I have only ever had the buffet
4	There's something to be said for consistency.Like how the owner is always standing at the checkout counter, scouring the stock section of the newspaper...grumbling to himself.How the same lady server has worked there for all of the twenty or so years I've been going there. And how the food never varies.The same dozen or so featured items week after week, year after year. Sometimes you need that.The feeling that while the rest of the world is changing at breakneck speed, there's a respite from all of it. A place where you know you can always go where the food, the people, the ambiance will always be the same.Its small intimate surroundings.The server, who upon seeing me knows to bring me a diet coke and does so before I seat myself. And the warm smiles from the owners when I leave.Be forewarned however. It's not fancy.Its very small, and can get crowded at lunch and dinner.But the food will always be the same, guaranteed.This place is pure comfort.
1	I really hate to do this.  This restaurant is fit for those that think Taco Bell is a great place for Mexican food.The buffet was pathetic and contained maybe 12 items (no white rice).  My sampling of their offerings ranged from terrible to mediocre.  China Garden has, hands down, the worst eggroll I've eaten.Given the atmosphere of the place it was plain to see China Garden had regulars.  One guy at the cashier even commented that he'd been coming since 1970.  I don't get it.  This is the worst restaurant I have ever dined at.The staff and whom I presumed to be the owner/manager was nice and friendly but that cannot make up for the poor quality of selection and food.
4	I have been coming here since the 80's. Plain and simple.....if you are looking for fine Chinese dining, go somewhere else. If you want consistently good/average Chinese buffet food, this is your place. I usually go there for dinner and have never been for lunch. I rarely eat there, rather get a to-go order and eat it at home. It lasts me 2 days. That's how much they give you in a to go order! You can let them put a little of everything or pick and choose what you want. I would say that 85% of the items in the buffet have been the same variety since the very first time I went there. If it works and makes money, why change it?! The people are always extremely friendly. The dining room is divey, sometimes a little messy, and they have a table in the corner for owners/employees that's always got a TV and other stuff cluttering it. Like I said I usually take it to-go. A window could really help this place out but its not exactly the best area so I get it.The price is good. Its $8.00 for a dinner buffet weather you eat there or get it to go. Funny side note, the Styrofoam trays that they use for to-go orders say "Gracias" on them. LOL! The do charge a $.50 fee to use your card there too.Again, fine dining it is not but for the people who like this type of food it is the best! Every time I mention getting Chinese food for dinner, this is the first place that comes to mind. The people who go here a lot, will fully understand my review!
1	I'm fairly surprised at how many good reviews on this are here. This place was absolutely disgusting! The food was so bland and tasted like it had been sitting for a couple days. We should have known better when we walked in and the owner was sitting there picking his ear! The waitress lady was nice but the food was horrid and we all felt sick afterwards. This place was recommended by a friend and now I have to murder her! STAY AWAY!
1	Where to begin? I have never written a yelp review before in my entire life but felt personally obligated to do so to alert and inform innocent people of not making the same catastrophic mistake that I did today which was dining at this atrocious establishment.I am not a picky person, never been a complainer but this restaurant is a disgrace to every individual in the restaurant business let alone Chinese restaurant business and this is in no way an exaggeration. The mere fact that this place is allowed to exist is a crime against humanity.Egg rolls: literally puked it back it up and chugged water to keep it down and avoid a scene Sesame chicken: certainly not chickenSweet and sour pork: Rough.. Really really rough.Onion rings: looked like a brain. Couldn't justify trying it after my experience with other food I wanted to give this place something but I Really struggled to find even one redeeming quality about it I guess if I had to say the rice wasn't so bad but hard to f that up. Also the waiter and owner were very kind although I almost laughed in his face when he asked if this was my first time there as if I would ever return.. I don't think an establishment like this could realistically have any repeat customers. I just can't imagine a single human being enjoying this poor excuse for food.I wouldn't recommend china garden to my worst enemy and can truly say I wish this place burns to the ground and everything it it disintegrates into nothingness.
5	For cheap Chinese food this is my go to place. I as many other people have been going there for decades and it has been the same selection the whole time. It has a nice selection to chose from and is very customer orientated.  Contrary to some food aficionados on here there palate must be far superior to the common folks who eat here. One tip if you ask for white rice they will get it for you I mean its a Asian restaurant for Pete's sake!
5	We've been coming here since i was a little girl, the owners are like family and are so friendly and sweet. They are good people and the food is always delicious!
1	This place is horrible... I read the mixed reviews and decided to try it!... Worst "china buffet" I've ever been too... Not only bland interior, smells funky, there was some meat ball thing in a pan... It looked like greasy grey colored meat balls.... I'll pass, I took one bite of my "sesame chicken" and cannot  get the shyte taste out of my mouth.... I knew I should've taken my girlfriend to the family diner we passed on the way here.
5	I've never been a huge Chinese food fan but was looking for something different one night and came across China Garden. I loved it!!! They were so kind and helpful and let me take my time when ordering takeout. They even let me check out the buffet so I could see what the food looked like!!I ended up with shrimp fries rice and sweet and sour chicken. It was delicious and the portions were huge, leaving me with plenty of leftovers!!! They served my boyfriend and I hot tea while we waited for our food with no additional charge.We've been back multiple times since then and the owner always knows what I want!! Love it!!!!
5	This is a great little buffet. I have been coming here for years. The egg rolls are amazing.if you order lunch to go, you will eat for two or three days off of it.
3	Really small selection for the buffet.I couldn't have hoped for better service. Everybody was sweet as could be t9 my toddler.the egg rolls were awesome.I just wish they gad nore to choose from.
3	It's located in a sketchy area of town, food was okay, the buffet itself is small, maybe six items to choose from. Service was great but the distance from my abode would keep me from returning as the food isn't spectacular. It's more of a local neighborhood place & not a place you take family or coworkers for lunch or dinner.
1	Worst place ever! The help was using a dirty rag to clean around the trays and was touching the food with the dirty rag. Feel sick now. Gross!
1	So incredibly disgusting!!! When comparing this place to other Chinese food buffet locations in the area avoid this one like the Black Plague! Anything deep fried here I can almost guarantee came from a freezer and there was more fat than meat on any of my chicken that I picked up, after trying one plate I asked my boyfriend if we could leave because I was getting physically ill.The service is also terrible, it must be family run because there were random people sleeping at other tables while we there.....?!??!? Also, it's the smallest buffet known to man kind. 20 minutes after leaving this place I was throwing up off the side of 19th ave, I wouldn't suggest anyone coming here.
