5	I came to Trapeze U having never had the desire to do any aerial... anything. A group of us went together and learned from the ground up (literally) some basic moves and by the end of the lesson a few hours later, we were all climbing, jumping, flipping, and flying like pros. Instructors are professional and patient and not only tell you how to perform moves one step at a time, but they explain to you they whys and hows of each move. I enjoyed it so much we are planning to return soon! This is great for parties, groups of friends hanging out, athletes who are looking for something a little bit out of the ordinary, and anyone who wants to try something new and fun!
5	i bought a trapeze u 101 session for my most fav gal. she started at 8am for a 2 hour class. we worried at first b/c all the other students were.....girl scouts? luckily, a few more adults came in later...whew. the instructors were outstanding. although i didn't partake due to a torn MCL, it's interesting to be an outsider watching someone teach the love of your life how not to fall and break their neck!no, it is exquisitly safe. that is their main goal....safety, and then fun. the coaches kept the kids under tight wraps and never let them get into any trouble. i loved watching my lady progress from the simple knee hang, all the way to a catch and throw. very encouraging yet firm and straight forward with their instructions. it was a great experience to watch and she was psyched for hours afterwards b/c of all the adrenaline. fun times and highly recommended.
5	I had an amazing experience at Trapeze U as part of my husband's B-Day gift... from the lessons to the knowledgeable staff... loved loved how sweet and patient they were with us. After two flights I gave up and subtlely Dylan convinced me to go back to achieve hanging from my legs trick and I did it on my third try. Just amazing and plan to go back. Go you wont regreat it.
5	Great class! I reccomend it to everyone-even if you fear hights. Dillon is a great instructor and his team really gets you flying.The clear blue skies in the  middle of the desert provide excellent flying scenery.
5	My Girlfriend took me for Valentines day and we had a blast! luckily the class was small and we were able to get way more attempts than I was expecting.  The staff was extremely professional and you could tell they have an immense passion for the sport and take introducing people to the sport very seriously but yet they are able to keep it fun and challenging at the same time.  It was extremely safe and I will def be going back. Thanks Trapeze U!!!
1	WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE IVE EVER GOTTEN.  I gave my sister this as a present for her birthday, and we had a reservation for a Sunday afternoon.  I called to reschedule Friday because she got really sick and couldn't do it Sunday, and the owner, Dylan was unbelievably rude.  He said that they have a 48 hour cancellation policy and they wouldn't do it.  Except, that wasn't even the rude part.  He told me they didn't have to care what I thought about them or that policy because they were just that "awesome."  Oh, and he said, "what, you think you're just more special than everyone else?  You aren't, we don't care." Unless you don't want to be treated terribly, don't go here.  I don't care how awesome the activity is, I don't want to patronize a place that treats people in that way.
5	What an entertaining 2 hours!  I had so much fun!  I bought a 2 hour class from Groupon and couldn't convince anyone else to try it with me, so I was a little apprehensive walking in.  That said  my class was a mix of adults and 10-12 year olds (8 of us in total) and women who had done it before and true beginners.  We were taught a short routinue and then attempted to master it. I never felt unsafe!  It was so much fun!  The staff were extremely professional and friendly.  I would highly recommend for those seeking a thrill!
5	So much fun!!  And the staff was really great.  They were so helpful and supporting, and they even took the time to remember everyone's name.  Even though our class was full, most people were worn out by the end of class, so clearly there was plenty of time to do as much as you could.  FYI, try to get through the first segment within your first few tries, because almost everyone was too tired to try the "catch" in the second segment.  And I would definitely recommend wearing yoga pants or something that covers the back of your knees, they can get a little rough from the bar.  I'm not very athletic, but I was able to do most of the routine, so I would recommend this to anyone interested!  I would definitely go back!
1	The idea is fun but unfortunately it is run by a man who is extremely rude and arrogant.  The bar tore the skin off my hands after my first 3 times and I could not do any more (missing the whole 2nd half of the class).  When I asked the owner about coming back and mentioned they should recommend putting chalk on your hands at the beginning of class to save them he responded that "we didn't hide the chalk from you".  It's not like I'm in the circus and am on the trapeze every day...  I had no idea that could even happen.  Before that I was looking forward to coming back and bringing friends and family.  I am a huge supporter of local businesses but not when the owner is a complete jerk.  It's not worth giving him your money.
5	What a fantastic experience! The staff were incredibly friendly! I was quite impressed on how quickly they learned our names and were able to give us advice on our form, in order to help us advance. I do not consider myself an athletic person, by any means, and I was able to complete the catch! All you need to do is listen to the instructors and you can absolutely do it! AND you get a diploma after completing your catch! Not only would I return to Trapeze U, I definitely encourage everyone to try it!
5	What a wonderful day we had at Trapeze U today!  A friend and I bought a Groupon for the 101 class without knowing what we were getting ourselves into!  It turned out to be so much fun!We arrived and saw how high the ladder was and started to freak out a bit.  The instructors, Dylan, Ben and JT were extremely helpful, patient, understanding, encouraging, etc.  I thought we were just going to learn to swing and was "horribly" surprised when I learned that we were going to immediately learn to jump off the platform, swing, do a knee tuck and a back flip off of the bar.  I started panicking, but the instructors let me take my time and catch my breath.  Luckily the other people in the class were also awesome - they ranged from a nine year old to a couple in their 40s.  By the time I finally climbed the ladder the first time, my legs were shaking uncontrollably and I wanted to cry.  Ben, at the top, talked me through everything on the platform and reassured me I was going to be fine AND was going to be able to do this jump!  Instead of jumping off and grab the bar with my other hand the first time, they let me use two hands right from the platform (even though that is how the "little girls" do it ... I was fine with that!)  By the end of the class, I had had 7 turns on the bar. I learned to fly, do a catch, back flip off of a bar and overall, have a great time.  Not to say my fear of heights is conquered, but it was squelched today!  I would recommend Trapeze U to anyone and would love to go back!
5	I've been a student at Trapeze U for 3 years.  I never even knew I wanted to do flying trapeze.  This school is outstanding! The instructors are experienced, trapeze professionals,  who are super encouraging and supportive. You will be amazed at what you will learn.  Even if you're afraid of heights like I am, or think you can't do it, the staff finds a way to make you successful.  It is so much fun. I've been to other schools across the country and Trapeze U is by far the best.  You don't have to be crazy athletic or in the best of shape to do it. You need to just have a good attitude and be willing to learn.
4	This review is from a spectator and not a participant. My friends from work have been telling me about this place for some time now (since they do it regularly) and so on this very evening, we were invited to watch their Sat 8pm performance.  We showed up and it was pretty darn packed.. lots of turnout.. lots of people coming to watch their family and friends perform - I thought that was neat.  Plus, they had the cotton-candy machine running (I think $3 ea) and popcorn, so it really helped set the atmopshere.  We sat on bleachers and were entertained for a good hour and a half by the FOF (1st year, I think) and by the advanced students.  I was impressed with their work (hell, you won't find me trapezing in this life time!) and most impressed with the 'catchers' and how fit and punctual they have to be to do their job.  The two owners, as I understand it, were doing the 'catching', so obviously they are highly experienced to do the job.Good time, entertaining evening.. and after the show, they had $10 fly-bys for anyone which I guess means you go up the stairs, get harnessed, and get to fly on the bar/swing and then flip and drop on to the trampoline/net they have below... they had a lot of people doing this after the show.  Very cool!
5	I tried a "Fly-By" after a Student Show about 2 and a half years ago.  I had an extreme fear of heights but decided to force myself up that ladder one time, just so that I could say "I have flown on a trapeze."  It turned out to be the most fun thing I had ever done and I was hooked! I have been flying ever since.Dylan has a lot of Circus experience, he has been flying for about 15 years and still performs with Circuses (on trapeze and in other acts) all over the world! The whole staff is patient, professional, and experienced and will really help you achieve all of your goals in a safe and friendly environment! We are so lucky that in Arizona we have such a great Trapeze School!Everyone should try this, it is so much fun!  It is fun for adults and kids, too!
5	What an amazing experience that would not be possible without the fantastic & encouraging people who instruct at Trapeze U! I have an incredible fear of heights and roller coasters, and did not really want to do this - I went to meet some newly made friends there. As I was watching what was involved I started getting sweaty, nauseous, & short of breath...pretty much a train wreck. The first time up the ladder I didn't want to let go and the poor guy up there very nicely coaxed me to get on the ledge. Then of course I couldn't jump off it...again the very nice instructor on the ledge and the instructors down below gave lots of encouragement and support...and soon I was flying through the air. At the end of the class, because of the wonderful instructors, I was able to jump (hep in circus talk) and completed a catch & a backflip...which was a miracle I didn't think possible at the beginning. It was a great feeling of accomplishment and I can't praise the people at Trapeze U enough. They learned and used the names of every single person in the class (15 of us over 1.5 hours) which is kind of a feat in itself. The other people in the class really come together to cheer everyone else on, following the leads of the instructors. Really nice, kind, supportive staff and a fantastic experience!
5	What better time to jump off a ledge than your 30th birthday, eh? I had actually trapezed once before in Seattle, but that didn't stop me from shakin' in my skivvies come crunch time. The thrill of taking that first leap (or even the 3rd or 4th) really cannot be put into words. It's a beautiful out of body experience that one must  discover for themself, and TRAPEZE U is the place to do it. The staff was incredibly friendly and encouraging. They really took the time to make sure we were comfortable and understood all that we needed to do.  It's nice that they don't make you feel silly for being afraid to jump out over a humungous safety net, despite the fact that they have likely taken the same jump over a thousand times before. They seemed genuinely interested in our ability to perform well and continously offered advice on techniques we could use to improve as well as big cheers when we implemented them successfully.This made for a great birthday, but would be perfect for any occassion or even none at all. I think it would be an especially cool/unique option for a date night. Whatever the case, you are sure to have an experience to remember. We all loved it and can't wait to return.*FYI* You can try a fly for a significantly discounted rate on Monday nights. Be sure to book your spot in advance on their website. Enjoy!
4	We walked by this place, while strolling along the canal.  Could not picture what/who would do it... So we had to try it.  Booked the Trapeze 101 class same day. 1.5hrs for $50. Start time 5:30p. Cannot go wrong. Had a blast. Successfully did a catch at the end of the lesson.  If you are even remotely considering participation, do it!  Quite the adrenaline rush.
5	The most fun you can have in Phoenix!I didn't know I was interested in ever doing flying trapeze until a friend saw Trapeze U and suggested we try it. I thought why not? And I keep coming back for more. The staff is great, the classes are fun and the students always have a good time. You really don't need any special skill to learn how to fly!
5	if you like being active & getting adrenaline rushes then this is for you! I didn't know you could take trapeze lessons until we saw Trapeze U while driving down the road. we went for a friends birthday & it was a blast! I found that you don't need any skill to do this (because I don't!).A tip i would give would be to wear pants (the back of your knees can hurt) & bring athletic tape in case your hands start to hurt. The regular students wore grips.
1	what a terrible place, and it is a shame because trapeze is so much fun but gets ruined by the douchebagery of the owner.
