1	I should know better.  I know.McDonald's generally wouldn't get more than a three for average service, but you know sometimes you get that craving and for me, I hadn't had it in a loooong time.  Long and tiring day at work sometimes needs to be offered a little unhealthy nostalgic fast food.It's even worse when McDonald's employees don't even care to be there.  Seriously, how hard is it to put together a burger?My BigMac came without a piece of meat and without cheese.  When I pointed out their error, the employee giggled and shrugged her shoulders and handed me another one moments later.Dumb.Then they had a huge banner that said "Happy People Day" or some wierdness...signed by employees.  When I asked what it was about, they didn't even know.Duuumb.  You have a huge banner celebrating something that you're not even sure the reason for?
1	Had the worst burgers from Mickey D's from this location.  Filed a complaint and NEVER received a call back!!!  Horrible dry and old burgers (and they were premium $$$ burgers)...$17 for 2 meals!
1	Doesn't have a playplace for kids. Very dissapointed.
3	Recently remodeled! Looks and feels modern with great new dining room lay out. Of course still one of the better McDonald's in the Surprise/Sun City area.
1	This may be the worst McDonalds in Arizona.  Poorly designed facility makes it almost impossible to access soft drinks and condiments.  To top it off, the food is usually stale or cold.
2	I only go here for some sweet tea.
1	Very terrible service. People have screwed up EVERY order i've made. Three times they've handed me a drink that opened and spilled all over my door in the drive thru after I've asked them to make sure it was secure. Once I waited for 25 minutes for 10 cheese burgers I was taking to a group of people who were helping me at an event.I've asked them specifically not to put things on my food and still they do. I told the girl I was deathly allergic to pickles (not true, but told her this so to make sure they were not on the burger) and yet my burger still had pickles.Luckily this McD's has made me not want fast food anymore. If I go to McD's I get a parfeit or oatmeal.
3	Completely remodeled.  HUGE improvement.  My kids call it "old people McDonald's".No play area.
1	This location sucks... They cant get simple orders correct. I only get coffee or ice cream from mcdonalds,  I don't like the food at all.
1	I don't believe this place !!! If it was privately owned as a single restaurant it would have gone bust within 6 months. You have to be a certified idiot to get a job here. You try to give your order to an imbecile who has not got past the 3rd grade, and works the cash register also. After 3-4 tries she finally has your order right. After a 15-20 minute wait, your single cup of decaf comes up, right? Hell no. It all comes out of the same pot, the pot without the orange decaf band. There were two cups up at the same time, when i asked which one was the decaf and the coffee, the smart alec said "take your pick, we only have regular rright now" This is the worst experience at a McDonalds i have ever had and i am not alone, at least 4 customers were complaining about there order not being right. Never again!!!!!  Mcdonalds, get a grip and check this place out.
1	If zero stars we're possible, oh would I ever. Not only did they screw up what I ordered, they couldn't even take responsibility.
1	What a joke. No counter person at all. They just looked at me while I stood there. Hey Isaiah, stop flirting with your female burger flipping coworker and do your job?  No professionalism at all. A bunch of damned morons to tell you the truth. I will avoid this place in the future. I walked out I was so mad.
1	Me no likely. Dirty bathrooms
1	As usual, lousy service. Came back here for a chicken sandwich and a small smoothie. Took literally 10 minutes for the smoothie. They seem to have run out of all the ingredients. Go figure. AZ in the summer. Plenty of hot coffee but no smoothies on demand. Makes me laugh. They screwed up my sandwich order. Not surprised, and took way longer than they should have. They looked understaffed AGAIN.  Others inside were getting agitated as well. Just don't get why these people can't seem to get it right.
2	The food was great (hot, delicious, and appetizing)!  However, the Men's Room had no toilet paper.  When I told a worker about it, he disappeared to the back of the work area for more than two minutes while I waited.  Then, he gave me two rolls at the ordering counter in front of everyone who was on line ordering!  I had to walk back to the Men's Room with two rolls of toilet paper in my hands in front of half their dining customers.  I don't want to be a prude about this, but the manager should instruct his/her team on how to discretely resolve such an issue!
