4	Cockburn Street's the quirkiest street in Edinburgh, and not only by virtue of its name. So, yes, in Scottish it's pronounced Coe-burn. By the by. Though this doesn't at all change the fact that it's a hilarious sounding name. And there isn't an anglophone tourist who comes to town who doesn't have a chuckle or three about this street name. Cockburn's the home of Avalanche, Swish, Cookie, the Baked Potato Shop and other pretty businesses. It's also completely unavoidable as it's the quickest route from Waverley to Old Town. It's the windiest street, and its the one that features most heavily in Hallam Foe.
5	Like Julia, I tend not to tire of referring to Cock-Burn street by it's phonetic pronunciation, which sounds slightly like the kind of ailment you'd find after getting a bit carried away down Lothian Road. It's one of the streets I know best in Edinburgh, but a trip up is always tinged with sadness as I remember Fopp and Uber-Disko, two of the best DJ and vinyl shops around, which have sadly now made way for a drugs information clinic and whatever is currently a couple of doors down from Avalanche. I forget.Retail has to move with the times however, and while I do miss my old favourites, I'm glad to see that it's quirky and oddball stores such as Cutie House and Supa Kuru that have came in to brighten up the place rather than the usual soulless dross.Fantastic ice-cream at Toddle Inn as well, and in Underground Solu'shn, at least one store is keeping the "crisp biscuits" alive.
4	Cockburn Street is one of Edinburgh's best known streets! It curves its way from the Royal Mile down to Market Street and is a favourite with tourists. With Avalanche records, the Baked Potato Shop and Who's Who, this street has plenty of good quirky places to visit. However, over the years the tacky Scottish tourist shops have started to invade this street, however only few a there so far. The street always seems to have a buzzing atmosphere. Indeed, the street connects to Flesh market close, the hundred odd steps up to the Royal Mile (and the Real Mary King's Close), so it is a place where people come together from different closes and side streets! Certainly worth a visit!
5	Like Gavin, I like referring to Coe-burn street as Cock-burn... I know, I'm mature. Cockburn Street will always be one of my favourite streets in Edinburgh as when I was a teenager, Cockburn would always be the street than I would spend hours on with friends whenever we visited Edinburgh. We'd spend ages trawling through Cookie, Pie in The Sky and The Cutie House to get some quirky clothing and cool stationery.Cockburn stands out from other streets in Edinburgh as it's home to small independent stores all the way up. Nowadays, I feel like I've grown out of many of the shops and many of them are definitely aimed at teens but I still love checking out The Cutie House as I'm a sucker for stationery.Definitely worth a visit, Cockburn street will always hold a place in my heart.
5	It's refreshing to see that almost everyone else here uses this street as an excuse to say cock in public, but despite this obvious advantage, Cockburn Street is a really cool variation from the standard high streets that litter Edinburgh. It markets itself as the 'alternative street', with the shops reflecting that. You've got Whiplash Trash, which is a weird mix between a piercing studio, a gothic clothes shop and a bong shop, Cookie, which has some kooky clothes on offer, and a dying institution in Britain: the great 1p sweet shop. Yes Ladies and Gentlemen, down the bottom there's a shop that still sells all those old style sweets in the bi ol' jars. It. Is. Awesome.They also have a few other kinda skateboarder-y / alternate clothing shops, like Route One and a gothic shop opposite Whiplash Trash. At the top you've got a really cool clothes shop in Fabrick, that lets you choose your tshirt / hoodie etc and put your own design to it. As well as this you have Viva Mexico which is an amazing Mexican restaurant; Ruang Thai is just off it which is pretty good as well. If you're in the mood for a few drinks then you've got the potentially lethal Secret Arcade just off the main street. A really nice alternative to the standard high streets filled with Topshops and H&Ms.
4	Winding down a hill...From train to mile without steps...Is photographic...
5	Ahh, Cockburn Street, my picturesquely twisting friend, what delights you hold!Cockburn Street is pretty much top of my list for present shopping, due to its abundance of cute'n'kooky little shops. It's just the right side of sketchy - some of its establishments look a little seedy but in a colourful and good-natured manner, while others are cute and bubbly.As a street, it's a real picture. Old, cobbled, and winding in a tight curl from High Street to Market Street, walking down it feels like scooting down a shop-lined version of Moonface's Slippery Slip in the Magic Faraway Tree books. Dark closes challenge you with endless steps to left and right, where if you just pick one randomly, you might find a shortcut, or you might add several minutes and a potential cardiac arrest to your journey.It's also one of the streets that gets gritted in snowy conditions so it's among the less perilous of the Old Town's winter attractions.
