2	I was surprised that this location has changed hands yet again. The "new owners" told my wife (in Chinese because she is Chinese) that they didn't know where the old owners went??? Right. Anyway, the food is not really bad, but it is much more traditional Chinese food instead of the Americanized version most of us are accustomed to. (White Fungus Tofu Soup, Yu Fu, Bitter Melon, etc.) The portions are definitely smaller and the prices are considerably higher. The menu I was given, I hope, is just a transitional menu and the real ones are at the printers as we speak. I say this because there are no appetizers like egg rolls, won ton soup, etc at all on the menu I saw. Also there are no combination plates or lunch specials that I could see. The old restaurant had a better selection, lower prices and bigger portions yet still could not make it. I feel certain these guys won't be around for very long either. I doubt we will return.
5	Ever since they left their old location on 19th and Dunlap I been looking for a place to go for Chinese Food. Now thanks heaven there back. The food tasted just like the old days, including the Crystal Shrimp.
4	When I was told to visit Silver Dragon because it was traditional Hong Kong Style Chinese food I was excited because there is a lack of authentic Chinese food in Phoenix.  The minute we walked in and majority of the patrons were speaking Cantonese, I knew it would be good!  Then when the wait staff presented me with an Asian menu in addition to the regular menu, I knew that I would find traditional authentic dishes I grew up eating.  I found the servings of Crispy chicken and salty duck to be quite substantial, as was the salted fish and chicken fried rice.  The gai lan (Chinese broccoli) was tender and seasoned perfectly Sayers in garlic.  The staff was prompt and friendly.  Many of the authentic dishes incorporate dried scallops which is rare to find because dried scallops are very expensive!  I found my regular Chinese restaurant!
3	Found a newly opened place between Frys & Filibertos.  CLEAN. Nice Staff. Really Clean. Family owned.The lunch specials are generous and when I said EXTRA Spicy the server actually believed me so I was happy.  Vegetables were all fresh and cooked with respect (nothing mushy).  $10 got me lunch, drink & tip so I'll put this place in my work-lunch want to go out but only have an hour Rotation!
4	It's back to Silver Dragon and it is delicious.  Really good Hong Kong style.  We got it to go and it was ready very fast.  The place was PACKED ( Friday night ) when arriving to pick up.  Ample portion sizes and very fresh ingredients made for wonderful earing.  We got the egg rolls and OH MY were they good - crispy outside and cool/fresh inside.  Amazing   and best of all local.
3	Silver dragon has reopened . Their food is good  but service is a little on the slow side. I tried their wanton soup which h is one of their signature dishes however I wished there was more broth. The wantons are great . I ordered their beef chow fun wet style . A lot of beef but lacking on vegetables . It was tasty but a lille on the small portion. I would have rated  3.5
5	I'm surprised there aren't that many reviews on this place. It looks like it used to be a fast food joint, and is lacking in decor and atmosphere, but you will see quite a few Asian people dining here, which is always a good sign if you want authentic Hong Kong food. Important to know there are two menus - the Americanized Chinese menu, and the Chinese Chinese menu. We've never ordered from the American Chinese menu - if you want authentic flavors, ask for the Chinese menu, which does have English descriptions. I'm vegetarian, so I can't speak for most of the food (which I heard from my dining companions were excellent), but even non-vegetarians enjoyed the Buddhist Style rolls, which are vegetable-stuffed rolls made from tofu skin and fried. So delicious. We will come back, even though it's a bit of a drive for us!
4	This was by far the best Chinese I've had in Arizona thus far I had the classic sweet and sour chicken pork fried rice crab puff and fried shrimp everything was absolutely delicious and the prices were great my only complaint would be they only sold cans of soda no fountain drinks and for a can of soda they wanted 1.25! We opted for free hot tea and water overall I'm very pleased and will definitely be back for more of this awesome food!
4	The food tastes like authentic Chinese food. And the service is better than the usual authentic Chinese places. Prices are getting up there by a dollar, and the food portions are not as big as other places.Maybe it's a "better service" at the expense of "big food portions." I don't know... I probably take more food over service. Just saying as an Asian person. haha.This was during dinner and the place had a lot of people so that's always a good sign. The menu had some good varieties too. And like I said, it's authentic taste. Unless you get something that's specifically made for Americans. Then you get authentic American taste.
5	We were so happy to hear that Silver Dragon had reopened.  They serve authentic Hong Kong style cuisine and is just as good as I remembered it.  The crew is attentive and polite.  If you're not sure what to try, here are a few of my family's favorites there: Salt and Pepper Fish Fillet, Spicy String Beans, 8 Delight Hong Kong (Pan Fried) Noodles, Beef Tendon Hot Pot, Westlake Beef Soup and Hong King Style Beef Tenderloin.If you are interested in trying something different and authentic then Silver Dragon is a restaurant you need to give it a try.  I'd recommend ordering several dishes and sharing them family style for more variety.
4	My girlfriend found this little gem about 2 weeks ago. And let's just say we've both been craving more and more chinese/japanese food since she discovered this place. We've tried their egg rolls, kung pao chicken, sweet and hot shrimp, bbq pork fried rice. Everything we've ha there so fard has been delicious. Employees are polite and fast! We'll definately be coming here more often.
5	Best Chinese restaurant of all time. Everywhere else sucks in comparison. Shrimp and lobster sauce 10 outta 10. Salty shrimp 10 outta 10. Eggplant with garlic sauce 10 outta 10, and for god sakes the pan fried noodles( boner alert). Support this place!!
5	This has to be the best Chinese food in town.  The rice and Singapore noodles were succulently delicious.  The appetizer sampler will blow you away!  Totally recommend this very delicious restaurant!
5	The multiple updates I made for A.C.E. in Mesa shows how much I love authentic Hong Kong style cuisine. While I crave that cuisine very often, the distance has deterred me from traveling there as often as I'd like. But then I found this place that serves the same kind of cuisine at pretty much similar prices ... and it's a lot nearer to me. Very friendly service, convenient location, great food  in generous portions - and you can avail of two menus: a regular one which lists dishes familiar to the general American public, and a "Chinese menu" for more authentic Hong Kong style dishes including a variety of seafood, tofu, and fish dishes. I know I'm going to be a regular here now!
5	This place is like lost treasure...  I found it once 10 years ago and I found it again 10 years later. This is the place for a good meal. They were closed for business a decade ago and they recently reopened for business. It is family own and service is very good. Give it a try...
4	I was craving fried rice and soup. I remembered seeing this place and decided to stop in.  I ordered the Walnut shrimp and war wonton soup.  Of course I had enough for three meals and did take most of it home.  Delicious.   I can't wait to eat there again.
5	The food is AMAZING but they really, REALLY need to take the fluorescent menu light down or put a screen up to keep that out of diner's eyes.  Otherwise the place is great!
4	We got some Silver Dragon takeout on a Sunday night after a long weekend. Their full menu is online and phone ordering was a breeze. When we arrived, we found the dining room filled with tables of -- how do I state this in a PC manner -- families who looked like they REALLY knew a thing or two about good chinese food. So I took it as a good sign.We ordered the spicy string beans, egg rolls, house fried rice, and some shrimp thing. Everything was good. It was simple, of course, but they do what they do and they do it well.It's reasonably priced which, compared to our last go-to chinese place, Diamonds, was a bit of a price increase. But the service was prompt and the food was good. I'll leave this bookmark on my list.
