3	Once an impressive hot spot is now a tourist novelty shop, I don't get it?, a $50 leather jacket for your' Schnauzer? What happened to people on bikes being rebels, non conformists & out right bad asses?  Don't get me wrong, before having kids you could catch a glimpse of me zipping past you doing mach 6 on my crotch rocket...but WTF?, every Tom, Dick & Harry has a freakin' bike now; Wild Hogs, nuff said.
1	The single worst experience I have ever had with an auto manufacture bold face lieing to me. They have had my Bike for over 2 months for a simple insurance job. For 1.5 months I have heard "It will be done next week." Just today they tried to calm me down by telling me about the parts they ordered today, when 2 weeks ago one of their service writers told he already ordered it. They will say anything to you to cover up for their lack of ability to get the job done in a timely manner, if you call them on their lies they just stare you and say nothing. Worst experience ever, I wonder how Victory treats its customers, because anything else has to be better being treated like an inconvenient  dollar symbol.
1	Finally got my bike, but lets start at the  beginning of the shoddy workmanship. They missed 3 major parts, that was over looked on the job (pipes, seat, and airbox cover) so now I have to get a hold of the insurance adjuster so I can get compensated for the parts. I went to take the paper off the right mirror, before even leaving the building and the turn signal lens cap falls off, just falls off. All the service writer can say is "I took it on 2 test rides." Well if he did then he missed the fact that the bike will not start unless it is in neutral and the security system light stays on all the time. All of this after waiting over 2 months to get my bike back from a simple insurance job. Never, never, never again. Harley Davidson I love your product, but hate your company, service, and your worship of the dollar above all else.
5	The only place to buy a Harley or get your hog serviced.  Great people who genuinely care about you and your ride.
5	Rented 2 Harley's from these folks last week (Road King and Fat Boy lo).  Bikes were in excellent condition - one had 1600 miles on it and the other had 3500.  Showed up at 8AM - Check in was easy and only took a few minutes.  They quickly had us outside and on the bikes.  We took their full coverage insurance.We rode from the shop out to Hoover Dam, then up to Overton for lunch.  We went back through Valley of Fire State Park before heading back to Vegas.  A great ride (about 200 miles)Unfortunately one in the group dropped their Fat Boy while standing still in a parking area - nobody hurt - maybe a bruised ego.  Bike had a few scratches - turn signal, derby cover, clutch lever and left mirror all has scrapes.  Went back to the Dealer a little early, knowing they would need to write an estimate.  They inspected the bike closely and promptly wrote up an estimate.  The manager was directly involved in reviewing the figures and explaining the charges to us.  We could not have been more pleased with the way the Rental Manager handled the matter.  We will be back to rent from them again.
1	Some scratches to a rental bike, turned into a $2,000.00 deductible.  Never shown the claimed damages.  Never given an estimate until 2-weeks later when the bike was already "fixed" and all the parts that "had" to be replaced were thrown out.  RIGHT!!!!  BUNCH OF CROOKS!!!
1	Warning! Don't rent a bike there , they make you own the first $2000 if anything happens to the bike your fault or not, not worth the risk their crooks.
5	I have been thinking about getting a bike for years now and have been visiting shops trying to decide what bike i will be purchasing.I was really impressed with the way we were treated at this dealership! The sales guy up front was very friendly and did not pressure us like they do at Ride Now. Got to sit on pretty much all the bikes to get a better idea on what to go with. Just had a really fun time at this location and will be visiting again.
5	My aunt and my uncle are fans, so we usually end up here when they invite us to their timeshare. This place is HUGE! Fun photo op where you can pose on a harley in front of a Vegas sign. The people working here are super nice and i'd recommend for any Harley fans!
2	My husband went to the riders course at this location and was so disappointed and disgusted by how he was treated he didn't even go back for the last day of class. They overbooked the course with too many people and brought in an instructor from another location to assist. The other instructor was rude, repeatedly yelled at students, and contradicted what the resident instructor lady told them to do.  We spent $600 on the class and required gear.  The class was supposed to be a great time for my husband and a way to get more comfortable on a bike but turned into a total downer.
