5	I had a great experience with sheenagal photography! She did maternity photos for me as well as some family photos. You could tell she put the time and effort into the editing and my pictures came back lovely. I like her eye for detail and her creativeness. Once baby comes she will be doing newborn and Holiday photos for my family. I'm happy we found a great photographer to capture such special moments for our family.
5	Sheena took some professional pictures for me.  She is great and easy to work with.  Sheena has ideas, but also listens to yours, which makes it for a fun and collaborated session.  She also did a great job editing my pictures, and was flexible with my changes back and forth. I would definitely use her again and suggest her to everyone.
5	I completely Love Sheena! She took pictures for my website of my daughter my little puppy, which is so tricky, and myself! She made us feel at ease and not uncomfortable while shooting at all. She completely let my daughter's personality shine through. I am using her pictures as my Facebook fan page artwork as well as on my website. She's as professional and fun as they come!
5	My experience with sheenagal photography was great. She captured so many of the important moments of my pregnancy , she was there for my baby shower and pregnancy pictures. Once our little girl arrived we had sheena at the hospital to caputure her first moment with us. A few days later we got newborn pics also. Sheena has a great eye and her attention to detail in the editing really shows. We feel so comfortable with sheena's relaxed and creative nature and that is why we plan on using her for all our family photos to come.
5	Sheena from SheenaGal Photography took some frame-worthy pictures of our family - a near impossible task with a 2-year old and a 9-month old. Sheena was patient and flexible while setting up the photo session, during the photo session (on site at an outdoor location) and afterwards, while editing our photos!  We truly appreciated how responsive Sheena was with our edit requests and her willingness to ensure our satisfaction with the end result. Sheena even assisted us with our holiday card needs which is one of the many products that SheenaGal Photography offers at reasonable prices.We will definitely hire Sheena for our next family photo session!
5	Sheena was recommended to us by one of our friends, and she did not disappoint. Sheena was actually suffering with an ear infection so we were expecting our shoot to be rescheduled, however like a real professional she kept our maternity session as she knew we were to have the baby at anytime.The day at Red Rock couldn't have been more windy, but we were able to get some great photos. We found her pricing very reasonable and she was accommodating to all my requests and vision for the shoot. Sheena had a few props that she also brought and made some signs for the photos. What I was most happy with was the follow through. She had edited and sent us the online photo books that night! She wanted to make sure that we enjoyed the photos and made sure that our experience was excellent. My husband and I would highly recommend as we will be shooting newborn photos with her soon!!Courtney
5	Sheena is a true gem! We hired Sheena to take photos of my newborn son when he was 5 days old and then to take photos of his bris ceremony when he was eight days old. For the newborn photoshoot, Sheena was very patient with my son and super gentle. It was fun to watch Sheena work during the session because you could see her creative wheels turning as she came up with different backgrounds, poses, props etc to use. It's clear that Sheena is truly passionate about what she does and has a great time doing it - which is very refreshing.Sheena really impressed me with her quick turnaround time and accessibility. She's super prompt at getting back to you when you contact her (which I find is rare nowadays). Also, with her photos, we had both our newborn photos and bris photos back to us on the same day (fully edited). If you're looking for a photographer that is passionate about her craft, patient and gentle, with a great work ethic - Sheena is your girl!
5	My boyfriend and I did a photo-shoot with Sheena in Calico Basin.  We received many compliments about how beautiful the photos were.  Sheena is excited about her craft, enthusiastically searching for diverse scenery, flattering angles, perfect lighting and dynamic and natural positioning.   She is good at making you feel comfortable so the photos don't have that forced-pose look.   Our friends and family members contacted her to book sessions as soon as they saw our photographs.  Myself and my boyfriend recommend Sheenagal Photogtaphy.
5	We found Sheena through a flyer at Coffee Bean about 4 months before we gave birth to our baby. I am SO glad that we held onto the flyer because we have now had 3 photo shoots with her (Fresh 48, Newborn & Halloween) and we just did a family shoot yesterday and I can' t wait to see the images. Sheena has always been quick to respond and her images always come VERY quickly. The quality of the work is well worth the price and I assure you that you will not be disappointed if you book a session with Sheena!
5	After researching multiple photographers I found online, I chose Sheena to do my daughters 1st birthday cake smash session.  I was very impressed!  My daughter cried the entire time but Sheena was very patient with her and took her time.  She is also very professional.  The pictures came out great!!  We just took our fall/holiday pics this past weekend and the location Sheena picked was perfect and the pictures are great!  I will continue to use her for all our pictures!!
5	For the past few months I had been looking for a photographer to take photos of my daughter's first birthday. I searched the Internet and found many photographers but none that piqued my interest. Either their photographs were dull and lifeless or their prices were astronomical. Then I found Sheena and Sheenagal Photography. I looked through her portfolio and was pleased at the quality of her work and her pricing was very affordable.When I called Sheena she was very personable as well as professional. She suggested a "smash cake" session which she would tailor to my colors/theme as well as provide the cake. Being a baby, my daughter is only manageable during certain times of the day, so Sheena gladly worked with my daughter's schedule.The session went very well and Sheena was absolutely wonderful with my daughter. She captured some amazingly adorable pictures of a very special, once in a lifetime occasion - pictures I will cherish forever. And as if it couldn't get better, Sheena provided me with the edited copies within an unprecedented 24-hour turnaround! I have already referred Sheena to two of my friends and will most definitely use her services again in the future.
5	I got my new born shoot done last week and the photos come out fabulous :) I'm very happy to share them with others !!Sheena was awesome , she is very nice and patient . I'm looking forward to having her to do our family session in spring . Highly recommend her for your next photo session .
5	Sheena is amazing! We couldn't be happier we chose her for our newborn photos. My daughter was not excited about pictures at five days old; the patience Sheena had with her shows her natural maternal instinct. She is very personable and professional, timely in her communication and product and deeply cares for what she does. Plus, she's a very talented photographer with a plethora of props and an eye for the right pose (even with fussy babies who refuse to be posed!) Can't wait to schedule more pictures with her as our daughter grows up.
5	There are plenty of photographers to choose from here in Las Vegas, but I am glad that I went with Sheena. She was more than professional and she went above and beyond to make sure we had a variety of photos for our newborn photo shoot. She was very patient with our little baby, and the pictures turned out amazing!!! The best part is that we didn't have to wait to get our photos! She was able to edit them to us the same day!!! We will definitely be using Sheena again for future photos.
5	Sheena was fantastic, I booked her to do family photos to use for a Holiday card. Sheena was easy to book with and worked around my busy schedule, along with crazy weather we were having in town. We had a great shoot with her, my 18 month old loved her and the session was relaxed and natural, just like I wanted it to be. My husband HATES having his photo taken and told me after that he actually had a good time.The most incredible thing about the shoot was Sheena had my photos back to me edited and amazing, in less than 24 hours so I could get working on my holiday cards.I am looking forward to using her again in the future, she was professional, fun, put my family at ease and created some amazing photos for us to share with family and friends, as well as to have for lasting memories. I have already recommended her to a few of my friends as her rates fair and her creativeness and quality of shots is top notch.
