5	Popped has a new location and it is at Town Square. Same good old Popped flavors and service, but now in a new location. Close to a lot of my favorites, BRIO, The  APPLE STORE, and of course the Movie Theater! Check the original locations Yelp page for full review (raving reviews) on their products:http://www.yelp.com/biz/popped-gourmet-popcorn-spot-las-vegas My favorites:Pinkadellic, Smores, Dilly Pickle, 505, Cookies and Cream, Pumpkin Spice (seasonal), Oh Andy! (seasonal), Marilyn Monroe, Salt and Vinegar. Man they are all great!Enjoy!
4	Not too bad. I actually don't eat popcorn when I go to the movies (not that good and too pricey). But this is a deal! You can get 3 of the small tubs for $10. Pick three flavors to try! Don't be afraid to ask them for a sample. ORDERED:Buffalo (spicy like buffalo chicken), Salt & Vinegar (my favorite so far), Marilyn (white chocolate w/ coconut). -- Marilyn's good for people who like it sweet. I'm more of a salty girl by the looks of it. Salt & Vinegar love :0). Dilly Pickle-- It's probably not for dill pickle fans but I actually don't like pickles either.. and I devoured this thing. I was just eating and eating and then it was suddenly all gone. Guess it doesn't have to be a pickle-hater thing... ;)I'll try more of their other flavors just to see which wins. It's convenient because you can grab some popcorn and head over to Rave to see a movie ;). It's my to-go place for popcorn.. for now :0b.
5	I visited Popped for the first time over the summer and I fell in love. I think I came home with at least seven bags of popcorn on that trip. Since we were in Vegas for Thanksgiving, I told my BF that we had to stop here again.On Friday morning before we headed out of town I pulled Popped up on Yelp and let my phone guide us there. We quickly realized we were not going the right way, and I of course blamed the shoddy iPhone maps app that has let me down on a couple occasions. But, it turns out the phone wasn't wrong - Popped opened a new location, and it's much closer to the strip!This shop is tiny, but they still have everything that they had at the original store. I tried a few samples (Pumpkin Spice Popcorn - you must try it!) before loading up on many large bags. Since it was Black Friday they were giving a 15% discount, which was awesome.I'm so glad Popped is doing well enough that they can afford to open another store! And i'm glad it's in a more convenient area :) Now they just need to open one in the OC!
3	There is quite a good variety of popcorn and the seasonings are generously applied so the price is justified.  But if you're going the cheddar and caramel route, Garrett's in the Miracle Mile Shop is better (even more flavoring) and cheaper.The big problem here is that the employees aren't nearly as enthusiastic about their product as they should be.  These aren't 99 cent bags of popcorn they're selling and yet they don't seem to want to answer questions about flavors and sizes.
4	Firstly, I'm a big fan of popcorn. Love it, always have! Out of all the popcorn spots in the valley, this one takes first place. The popcorn is crunchy, relatively fresh, and very flavorful! After four visits, my favorite flavors are "Push It" with salt and pepper and "La Famiglia" with onion, garlic, and Parmesan. DELICIOUS.Recommendations: Don't be shy - if a flavor intrigues you, ask for a sample! I don't like "sweet" popcorn so I did try a few (and they were good), but a whole bag is not for me. Give the frozen popcorn a whirl too. Also, buy the $20 tin because you can get refills for just $10. We've had ours filled three times! Don't forget to ask for a stamp card too!Service is all right. Staff seemed a lot friendlier and helpful the first time I visited, but since then it's been just shrug-worthy. Maybe off days? I definitely need to visit the main store. Oh, they are located in a small kiosk near Brio and Puma.
4	Located next to the Tickets for Tonight booth (I think this spot used to be Eyebrows R Us). I see no problem paying $8 for a bag of popcorn, right? I love Garrett's but I have no desire to fight the traffic to get ot Miracle Mile, so I settle for the next best thing, the Chi Town mix (white cheddar, caramel, and cheddar) this was really good, rivals Garrett's. I also ordered the 505 (paying homage to the area code for New Mexico) this was really good, hatch red & green chillies, white chocolate and ground pepper. Popcorn Girl used to be my go to for gourmet popcorn cravings, I might like the kettle corn there a little better. But the 505 is def unique to this place.
3	Eh...it was okay. They had many different flavored popcorn to choose from...from sweet, salty, spicy, mixture of sweet AND salty...you name it..they probably got that flavor.My boyfriend and I sampled flavors like ranch, parmeasan and garlic, jalepeno, hot buffalo, and what they're known for: frozen popcorn. Yes...that wasn't a typo. FROZEN popcorn. Pretty interesting concept I guess.... It was sweet (drizzled in chocolate syrup). At first, I didn't know it was frozen. When I started to munch on them, I was like "wth!? uhh....why does it look like smoke is coming out of my mouth!?!?" Looked weird...as if I was a smoker....=/ not a good look for me. Plus I'm not a fan of sweet popcorn so that didn't really get my taste buds going.In the end, I decide to buy a small sized bag of Hot Buffalo. It came pre-packaged so I didn't know how fresh it was. Overall, this was just an average bag of popcorn. Don't get me wrong, the flavoring was great but the odd thing was every so often, I would get a popcorn that tasted sweet. It was as if they got some sweet flavored popcorn and sprinkled hot buffalo seasoning all over it. My bag tasted like a mixture of sweet and salty popcorn...me no likey!! Sorry Popped, but I'm too devoted to Popcorn Girl.
2	I might have came at a bad time, but customer service wasn't the best. There was no one there except me, and the girl seemed a little annoyed that I was there.If you are addicted to sugar, this is the place for you. I got the Cinnamon Popcorn and there were 4 types of sugar in there. Great tasting popcorn, but not so great for the body.
5	You won't find better popcorn anywhere!  The kernels are huge and fluffy-- not just random kernals, but all of them!  The flavor combinations are out of this world!  If you try Popped you will never go to another popcorn shop in towm-- it's THAT good!
5	The first time I tried this place was Friday. I wasn't a fan of all of the popcorn but the salt and vinegar was the bomb and it was low calories. Lol. The female that was working had great customer service. I will be back. :)
4	Love these unique popcorns. I have had the other location bookmarked for quite some time, and finally this past Vegas trip, I went to try this place for myself.Bling Bling Cookies and Cream : For you cookies and cream ice lover. Flavor is the same with some added purple glitter. Pretty and good.S'Mores : One of my favorite. Bits and piece of graham crackers and marshmallow inside. Pinkadelic : Probably the most creative in my opinion. I'm saving this for last.Dirty Vegas : Can't decide which one and don't plan on buying the whole store? This one  is a combination of all their flavors. Marilyn : Simple yet so much better than regular popcorn. Hint of coconut. Caramel Almond : If you love the flavor of almond, this is the one to get. And I love caramel popcorn, so this was twice the plus for me. We went on black Friday so they had a 4 small box for $10 special. Normally it's 3 for $10. You also have the option to nitrogen freeze the popcorn for an additional $3. It's great as a stocking stuffer or small gift for those acquaintances this holiday. They got samples and if you love it, ask them for a stamp card. $ 10 = 1 stamp. Get 10 stamps and you'll get a free small popcorn.
5	Who would of known this is one of the best popcorn I've ever tasted! Hands down! Talk about great customer service thanks Chris! Your awesome! It was a little mission for you to create the bow but the intention was there!
5	The best. Hands down. No questions asked. Clean. Fun. Unique. Creative flavor profiles. Amazing and friendly staff. WE NEED MORE LOCATIONS! But they do ship out, which is always a plus! Great for a party or event. Great gift for the holidays or a momento to bring back friends when you leave Las Vegas. Don't be afraid to ask about different flavors, the staff seems to be expertly trained on corn and every imaginable flavor combination to suit your needs!
1	Went to the location at Town Square. Lady behind the counter was very rude. Told her I would like to get some of the white cheddar flavor and she tells me as she rolls her eyes "They are over there". Ok customer service much? Anyway, I get a bag of the white cheddar. Take it home and open it, the popcorn is like styrofoam, hard and nasty and the flavor was a strong vinegar flavor, nothing like cheddar at all. I turned the bag over. I know they don't make the popcorn on the premises at that location but it still shouldn't be stale, how long does it take them to drive it over from Eastern? Will not be back
