5	Had my brakes and rotors replaced here, so far so good. No wait, just walked in and talked to one of the guys - got my car back 2 hours later. Friendly service and personable, he explained everything to me and showed what he was replacing and what was wrong. And I didn't have to wait for shuttle home, the guy who was helping gave me a ride home and later picked me up in my newly repaired car!
5	Thanks to Snomageddon 2010, I had to pay a visit to a body shop to fix a dented front bumper and fender after crashing into a guard rail on Mt. Washington. I now know why there are always two listings for Pon's. Downstairs is the mechanic and upstairs is the body shop, they're two different businesses but I guess the owners are brothers or something along those lines. As with the auto shop, I didn't need to schedule an appointment, called and they told me to come in anytime (I guess with the snow storm a lot of their appointments got cancelled) Turned my car in on Tuesday, got it back same week Thursday with a brand new fender, headlight and a fixed up shiny front bumper. The price was more than reasonable and I'm happy to find a place where I can take my car, get outstanding service and not worry about being charged extra.
5	Trustworthy service and reasonably priced. This is about the only auto shop in the area that hasn't tried to rip me off because I'm a woman. I recommend them to all my friends and family.
5	I've been going to Pons for the last 4 years or so, and I've always had great experiences.  Every person I've interacted with at Pons is incredibly friendly and helpful.  They always walk me through what's going on with my car in easy-to-understand terms.  I've never felt like they were trying to up-sell me, and on multiple occasions, they've told me not to get the most expensive part.  There have also been times when I've brought my car in and they said I don't need service.  Chris, who I believe is either the owner or the owner's son, has also dropped me off at work more than once after I've left my car at the shop.  In a sea of shady auto mechanics, Pons is a rare find with great, trustworthy service and reasonable prices.
5	I feel like I need to toot the horn for auto shops because a good one is so hard to find. These guys are awesome. First of all, they're legit. I mean they seriously remind me of my dad, getting down and dirty under our Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera to get it done. And there are plenty of yinz' n'at flying around to make me feel even more at home. I had my tail lamp busted by some unknown object falling from the sky (no joke ... impact is totally inexplicable, while it was parked in the PIT short-term lot). My car is new - so there are limited aftermarket parts available. So I called the dealership, and they told me they could get the tail lamp assembly for, and Pons quoted me less - oh, the travesty of dealership markups. Or, maybe Pons has access to the Santa Workshop of car parts - I don't ask questions. Even more, when I finally got over there to have the work done, they literally got the tail lamp, told me to hang out, and did the work on the spot. It is still in place, appears sturdy, and they advised me to not get a scratch touched up that I wanted to and told me to demand my detailer to take care of it ... I like free, quality advice. Long story short, these guys aren't in it to rip you off, they know what they're doing, and they seem like genuinely nice guys. 6 days ago I was rear-ended on the parkway (sorry to anyone stuck in traffic on 376-E on Dec 29, not my fault) and I have the option of going to a shop with an estimate or one of State Farm's shops, which Pons is not. I'm pretty sure I'll be taking the estimate papers over to Pons anyway.
1	I called twice. First time I left a message. No call back. Second time, I want to know about the price of certain parts of my Jeep liberty. The guy interrupted me and asked, if I have been to their place before. I said no, it is my first time. He said then I cannot help you and hang up the phone extremely rudely. Very very very bad attitude. I don't know why you guys give them 5 stars.
3	First of all, I am not going back here. The mechanic at the check out was horrible. The work done was nice until it came to pay and the bill was 100$ more than the estimate. And his justification was, I added wrong. And rather than being sorry, he started screaming and threatening to take out parts. This is just ridiculous. If you decide to go here, do get a written estimate before you leave the car.
5	I found this place via a Groupon and have since taken our car back for service and inspections. The shop is always friendly and helpful. They seem to really want to get it right and if they can do it a more economical way they offer that as an option. You don't feel pressured and they don't seem to find mysterious additional things that need to be fixed. We recently had them do our brakes. The price was very fair and when we went to pick it up he had knocked down the labor charge he quoted us saying that it took him less time than he estimated... how about that for a change! it is really hard to find a good shop that isn't out to sell you cheap parts and unnecessary repairs and when you do find that shop you always know where to go.
4	It is always a risk when you are looking for a new mechanic. I've gone to a few shops in the city and haven't felt comfortable with the service. Some garages seem to have the same issue on all cars they inspect. Some garages don't really do the job fully. But so far so good with Pons. My car was overheating with no check engine alerts or codes to be tested. The team at Pons did some research, found the common problems with my car and started from the smallest item and planned to work through the issues. I dropped my car off in the morning before the were opened, went to work, and they called me 30 minutes after opening to better understand the issue. They told me the game plan, when they expected the part, where they were buying the part from, letting me know it was going to be OEM, and what they would do if that part didn't resolve it. Lucky for me the first item they changed resolved the overheating. I did call before they closed to see if my car was going to be read at end of day. They wanted to make sure the car was actually fixed and kept it overnight to check it in the morning. I will give Pons another chance to work on my car based on their service, their attentiveness with calling me, and they price.
