5	Dr. Mitchell is awesome!  After suffering 6 months due to an injury... having gone to the doctor weekly, bi weekly, taking meds, completeing 2 months of physical therapy, chiropractic care, and massage therapy... he relieved the majority of my pain in just 1 visit.  I can't recommend his practice highly enough!  His staff is awesome.  The location is clean and comfortable.  It's funny how after living with pain for so long, you don't know what it's like to not be in pain... my attitude about life has improved tremendously!
4	I was really impressed by how much time the doctor took out of his day to sit and explain his methods and procedures.  I went in there pretty blind to the whole process and I had a lot of questions.  He answered every single one with no pressure to proceed.The office was clean and progressive.  I very much liked that on the patient medical information form there was a "Partner" box to check. Its nice to see people with innovative alternative medical methods practicing this idea in all aspects of their business.  This office houses 3 doctors I believe.  Each specializing in something.  They also work closely with a chiropractor which I plan to call this week.  I will be back over the next month at least 3 more times.  I will follow up with progression.
5	Professional caring staff dedicated to their clients happiness. Dr. Matt came highly recommended to me from several friends and I am now a believer. I am seeking anti-aging therapy and he is a known expert in the field. Also, they are VERY price concious and try to save you money at every turn.
5	Changed my life and the lives of all friends and family whom I've referred.  We are all living healthier lives thanks to the staff at Santan and the principles set forth by Dr. Matt.  The staff cares so much for you as a person that they become part of your family.  The doctors go beyond the numbers and investigate what you are feeling as a barometer for your success.  I have gone to many doctors in my lifetime and this is the first place I have ever felt like I was in a partnership with my physician.  Thank you Santan, keep doing what you do.
