3	Apparently what used to be Maloney's in Old Town is now Mulligan's. Truth be told, I don't think anyone can tell the difference. This place is still too cramped all of the time, just like its predecessor. Don't get me wrong, I don't dread going here and still do from time to time, but I always have the same complaint. There is just not enough room to manuever inside without pouring your drink all over the place ("all over the place" = "Jake's Pants"). I'm guilty, too. They either need to let less people in or change the layout because ordering and receiving a drink takes way too long and carrying it away from the bar is damn near impossible.
3	A good place to meet with some friends for some drinks, but I agree with the space issue.  Just moving from one side of the bar to another can get downright acrobatic.
1	The bar smells funny, its always packed with dudes and the monster mugs are usually warm.  The movie clips they play between songs are funny but it get old pretty quick.   There are some decent looking broads here but I think their boyfriends take them here b/c of the competition.
2	Perhaps it really is all about a name.  When Maloney's changed to Mulligan's a bit ago, something happened over there on Stetson that simply cannot be explained.  Its the same damn bar, the same layout, the same movie clips, the same horribly small bathrooms.  And how, HOW is there an effing BATHROOM attendant in the men's bathroom??  The room is about the size of a closet for starters, and there isnt one in the ladies room.  Oh wait, maybe there is...  Regardless, the bathroom situation is miserable, which yes, has always been the case but there are a few changes that came with the name change of the bar.I really liked Maloney's.  It was a total frat-house bar, with a 3-1 guy girl ratio (just the way I like it) with a serious amount of beer spilling and car bomb shooting.  If you were friends with a bartender (or just happened to recognize her from last night at Kona) you could get $100 worth of drink for $7.  That kind of deal makes anyone look past the ugly guy grinding on your leg over by the dance floor.  Music was always good, old school hip hop and popular more recent stuff.  Maloney's may have been packed but the crowd was generally good looking, recent college grads, doing what they do best.  Get really really hammered.  However I was there last weekend and something was seriously wrong.  The bar didnt get even remotely busy until later, which would have been fine but the talent there left something to be desired.  The bathroom still sucks and the music isnt as good.  I've heard their happy hour is two-for-one so whenever that is might be a better time to go than after 11pm.  I doubt I'll find myself there again at any hour.  Bummer...
1	You can call this place Mulligan's, or Maloney's or Baloney and Cheese, but either way, it blows as hard as the water spout of Moby Dick. It could be the worst bar I have been to in Phoenix. (and I've been to The Break Room) I don't know what this bar is trying to be? a Pub, a Dance club, a Dive? Talk about identity crisis. Between the attendant in the small bathroom, and scantily clad waitresses, and the abysmal music, this place is a cross section of all that is wrong with Scottsdale bars. Let me explain:1.  The bathroom is small, do we really need a guy handing out paper towels? I don't see the need for this at all in a place like Mulligan's 2. They play the worst combination of dance/ R&B and rap music. People proceed to "dance" on the patio, (which is no dance floor, it's made of brick) and basically create fodder for the occasionally joke, or innuendo to be thrown around by people like me. I associated the dance floor with a train unloading cattle. It seemed like steer were being brought down a ramp of train car, and my friends and I were bidding on each one. As the inebriated cattle walked by, we were appalled by their excessiveness and complete disregard for themselves. Stupid Cattle. If I had a cattle prod, this would have been an ideal time to zap them into early retirement for the evening.  I would have been doing the entire town a favor. 3. This place is dark, and has a pub atmosphere, but is trying to be a dance club. Mulligan's suffers from the  $30,000 millionaire syndrome, as many young Scottsdalians do. On the outside you may be wearing Hugo Boss, but inside you are just a 27 year old Insurance Analyst. I wouldn't set foot in the place again. I am so defiant,  the CIA would have to drug me and drag my hooded and shackled to this place. I may even avoid the entire area this bar surrounds. Like a Chernobyl, this place has leaked radiation and everything around is contaminated. Best line of the night from my friend "This isn't a conducive environment."
1	I am going to jump on the "this bar sucks" bandwagon. I am not fond of the bar, the staff or the cliental. My experience was a crowded bar where I had to push myself up against every Tom, Dick and Hairy just to make my way through the crowd. I even got my butt grabbed by some random guy and when I turned around to shoot him a dirty look he said, " pass that on to your friend with the nice ass." Thanks- real boost for the self esteem buddy.Anyways- don't go there unless your desperate.
3	Not much of an Irish atmosphere, kinda dumpy, though a decent divey place to enjoy cheap drinks with some good pals. They do have a tiny outdoor patio where you can smoke. I suggest using this as a jumping off point to get your evening started. It's also chill during the week if you need an ultra-casual spot to relax.Juke box leaves the tuneage to the patronage (risky).
4	Hey, you know what?  I liked this place.   The DJ played cool music, when he wasn't trying to mix it with crap.  Servers were friendly, the atmosphere was cool.  And they gave out free shots. Never should have left to go next door to Six.  I was happy sitting with the girls chatting it up at Mulligans.
2	I could have stayed at the previous bar to see how much I could drink as fast I can, but I heard you make irrational decisions when drinking whiskey. Hence going to Mulligan's.Thursday nights are perfect if you don't want to wait 20 minutes for a drink, make friends with the bartenders and try to pick-up 5.658s.Also, they have Happy Hour from 5-9..1/2 off well drinks.... meh.
4	Cheap drinks, friendly service, and a good atmosphere.  Nice place to stop by before heading to the clubs.
5	happy hour every freaking day until 9 pmyeeeeeaaaahhh!!!
5	great place to strictly booze it up. show up at happy hour which is until 9pm, 7 days a week! (1/2 off drinks/$3 liters of domestics) or late night to hang with some hotties.small patio. small dance floor. which is kinda a good thing.they have a few small TVs playing sports and movie clips in between the good selection of music.but just to drink theres nothing wrong here.
5	Maybe it's the down economy, but the last couple visits have been more tolerable as far the crowds go. It's a great place to chill after work, or hang out on the weekends.  The staff is #1!
4	After hitting up Club Cream.. We walked over to this joint.... never really been around Scottsdale... especially not for the club scene... but that quickly changed over the weekend you could hear the music blasting from across the street... people pouring out of the doors and the front patio... looked like a great time... and No Cover!! :) we were happy to try it out.... it reminded me of a pub... it was really crowded with people so i couldnt really tell what was on the walls or anything like that... but the bar was wooden and there was alot of seating :) that made me happy :)i didn't drink so I'm not sure if it was cheap or not... but they played great music non stop... and there were really chill down to earth people hanging out... with is hard to come by out in Scottsdale.... so it was fun... i even got to see a grown man grind on the stripper pole in the back by the DJ stand... haha WOW... yea wow explains it all... he was doing the robot at one time to... i should have told him to go over to Club Cream lol.... the bathroom was decent... but could have been cleaner... (paper towels were the decor') it was a fun time... i would like to go back in the future :)
3	My friend and I were the only people at the bar on an off night. I cannot really blame anyone but myself if I had a bad time. It reminded me of my Grandma Marian's sister Aunt Shirley's basement bar. I don't know what this place is like on the weekend, but I am guessing super lame because the people around Scottsdale aren't that cool to me. But hey, I am from Cleveland and enjoy hanging out with low lifes and scumbags.
3	Mulligan's is that place in Scottsdale you don't think of going to when you're in the mood for dancing, which is mostly why I go out in Scottsdale at night. But I always find myself there either before or after my dance trips. I totally dig the atmosphere at Mulligan's - it's chill, unpretentious, and never obnoxiously crowded. The prices are decent and the location is pretty centralized.  The DJ isn't always the best, but when you're with good friends and good drinks, Mulligan's makes you feel at home. Mulligan's kind of has that dive bar feel but doesn't make you feel like you might get mugged and stabbed in the eye.
3	Stumbled across this after leaving the too-packed Revolver Lounge last night. Nice dance floor space and great music (hip hop). Loved dancing to almost every song played. Did not order any drinks other than water. Patrons were in good spirits and I wasn't there long, but long enough for it to get my stamp of approval.
4	Mulligan's has been a regular spot for my friends and I to hit up in Scottsdale for years.  It's right in the middle of all the Scottsdale bars but you don't feel like you have to be all dressed up to be in there, the prices are good, and they don't charge a cover.  The place is pretty small, so it can get annoyingly crowded on some nights.  But Mulligan's isn't as popular as it used to be, so that's becoming a rare occasion.The only major negative is how loud they play their music.  While I expect bars and clubs to play music at a high volume, it's super deafening in there.  It can be very hard to hear people when you're talking to them in there.
3	Scottsdale has two types of bars; the ones full of bedazzled jeans, hair gel, stilettos and bottle service...and the ones full of cheap drinks, legendary music and a diverse group from every walk of life. Mulligan's 100% falls into the second category.Walk into Mulligans with reasonable expectations. This is a bar where you can have a good time with friends without being judged or really having a care in the world. There will always be those who are blacked out, those on a bar crawl, those on a bachelor/ette party, the out of towners, the day to night drinkers and the dive bar enthusiasts. The crowd is normally friendly and always a bit out there. Mulligans has a great selection of music and loops it in with the music videos or movie clips. While it lacks a legit dance floor, chances are, someone will create a pseudo dance floor and most of the times it results in dance party USA. Did I mention a random strip pole? I don't think I've ever seen it used by anyone but a drunk bachelorette. The drinks are stiff and cheap. The bar is centrally located in Old Town and you can easily bar hop from there. True to the Old Town dive bars, the regulars stumble in through the alley entrance. The patio is relatively small but it gets the job done.All in all, you'll most likely always have a decent time here if you're looking for a drink-filled night out. Only on rare occasions will it be overly crowded and it makes for a great people watching experience.Word of warning: If you start a tab and pay with a card, they will hold $50 from your bank account for a couple of days after your visit. And this is every time you open and close a tab so let's say you pay for three drinks separately...$50 will be held from your account for each of those drinks.3.5 stars if yelp did a half star rating.
3	We were here last night, Saturday, October 30th,  as one of our many stops on our Halloween Bar Crawl. The horrible wait to get one glass of very sweet cranberry juice was pretty unbearable, especialy while watching the very over worked bartender serve many people out of order. It was uncomfortably warm inside and I looked forward to the next stop on our crawl.The best part of my experience was earning a new badge (Hey look at you, checking in with three members of the opposite sex. I love my Foursquare badgges.)I'll be back, but it would be nice if they had more than two bartenders at a time behind the huge bar.
5	This would be my new home if I lived in AZ. I went happy hour on Saturday and $3 imports almost made me cry. Staff was cool. Vic, i think thats his name, even tried to help with my friend's annoying question about a Czech beer for like 20 minutes. Cant wait to come back
3	Meh...its not super divey like DJ's which I can embrace because they celebrate their divy-ness.  It's okay.  The crowd is mixed, a lot of out of towners for spring training.  The music is hit or miss.  I will say that the bar tenders are kind despite the business of the place.  There is a random stripperpole-fan combination in one corner which is always good for laughs.
1	Mulligans, I am disappointed in you.  This has previously been one of my favorite go to spots on the weekend, and I used to think of it as the perfect place to end the night.  However, it has gone downhill over the past few months, and after several horrible customer service experiences I do not think I will be frequenting this establishment again.  Let me be specific....If you mess with my money - and do so consistently and without apology...then I will not return, and I will be sure to tell as many people as I can, regardless of how "fun" your bar might be.A few months ago, I went to Mulligans, and when ordering my drink, I asked them to just leave a tab open and handed them my card.  I ended up ordering one more beer, and then closed my $9 tab at the end of the night.  The next day after checking my bank account, I was astonished to see a $50 hold on my account from Mulligans.  I immediately called them to inform them of the error, but was told, pretty rudely, that it was standard procedure for them to hold $50 for any opened tab, and that it would just "fall off" in a few days at my bank...nothing else they could do.   They did tell me that there was a small sign on the bar that mentioned this policy, and that I should have read it first (because that's apparently what people look for or notice when they go to the bar).  Furiously, I waited for 5 business days for the funds to become available again.A month or so later, I went in again.  Same situation, same low dollar bill, same $50 hold...although this time I just kicked myself for not remembering it the first time.  I did call the manager to ask if there was a way to avoid this other than paying cash (which I never carry), and was told that if I had closed my account after each drink rather than keep an open tab, I would just be charged for the actual dollar amount owed each time.  Good to know (although also a huge pain in the butt).Flash foward to last week.  I went to Mulligans again, this time for St. Patricks Day.  Based on my previous conversation with the manager, I was confident that if I just closed out my tab each time, I would be fine.  I ordered one beer (specialty for $3 dollars), and closed out.  Later that night I went back and ordered two more beers (total, $6) and closed out.  The next day, I checked my account.....and found that there were TWO holds on my account from Mulligans, for $25 each.I immediately called again and explained the situation.  The person on the phone immediately started in on their "policy" to hold funds when there is an open tab.   I told him that I had been aware of that , and that is why I closed out each time...So why I was being "held" $50 for a total of $9 was a mystery to me (and I was seriously regretting the tip at this point).  He stated "well,  the best I can tell you is to just wait for it to drop off, there's nothing we can do".  I told him that was not an acceptable solution to me, and he interrupted to say sarcastically "you really need to take this up with someone else...I'm just the barback".  So I asked him to take down my phone number and have the manager call me that night.  He took on an incredibly rude and sarcastic tone, and said (overenthusiastically)   "absolUTELY!!   I would LOVE to do that for you".  I ignored the tone and gave him my phone number anyway, and again requested that the manager call me that night.  He replied "ABSOLUTELY" again in his rediculous tone, and then hung up on me.  I never heard from the manager.This is incredibly poor customer service, a poor way to handle your customer's money, and a really EASY way to lose business.  By the way, it's 4 days later and the funds are still being held.  This is a recession people, I go places with cheap beer for a reason!  And I can guarantee you there are a million other places to go in Scottsdale that serve $3 beers and don't do it while stealing from your pocketbook (even if it IS supposedly temporary).  I suggest staying away from this place unless you like to have your money taken and you enjoy rudeness.
3	This bar reminds of an old pair of pants. It fits. Not too tight, not perfect. Just kind of fits. There's some holes in the knees, and its a bit faded. It's certainly not perfect.Mulligans is that bar where you can go and kick it with your friends. You never know what kind of people you are going to run into. Co-workers, drunkards, bottle rats who got kicked out from other places.The drinks are cheap. The beer selection is so so. The bartenders are pretty nice, but aloof. It's just an average bar though. Nothing great, nothing bad.
4	Who doesn't love $3 well drinks? Relaxed, social, no frickin' paid seating!! Except that I was propositioned to " Swing" by some totally gross dude, I Lovd this place to start the evenings!!! Great cheap drinks.  What more do you need?
3	3rd stop for the bike pub ride. not as packed as gilligans, which was nice. we actually got to sit and enjoy a drink. it's been so long, i could have sworn this bar use to be called something else....pretty standard bar, low lighting, a giant bar in the middle, more and more power drinkers and college-y looking folks showing up. good bar to just settle down and enjoy some drinks without having to feel like you need to dress up.
2	Wow. Thursday night and this place was dead. Lights really bright, bartender seemed to be more concerned about where she was going after work, than working. Don't think this place is gonna make it much longer
3	A decent place to drink in old town. It's small, well maybe not but on a weekend night it's full. So be prepared to wait forever for a drink and stand in a line for even the men's bathroom.The only advantage is that there is back entrance off the alley. No fighting to get back to the front door. I'd have to agree with Dave N.; the bar is average.But then again, they're always full on weekends and they serve cheap drinks. So average is profitable.
4	This little dive bar in the middle of Scottsdale is our pre-show/pre-dinner beer spot of choice. The selection of beer is decent and the staff friendly.The happy hour runs 4-9 which is longer than most
4	I love this place, but I do wish they had food.  It's a really great happy hour place or somewhere to go for a quick drink before going out somewhere louder/crazier.  In old town it's very well priced!  It's your typical irish bar with a large bar in the middle and bar seating, lounge seating & high tops plus a small patio -- I do wish their patio was a bit larger.
4	Such cheap drinks! Its a great place to start with your friends before you hit the clubs. Its also good for big groups to pregame at.
