3	lots of cute clothes!it would get 5 stars if service was easier to find on the floor and if the dressing rooms were cleaner.
5	Any local knows that a chance to avoid the Strip for a quick stop is a luxury. This Gap is located in the Rampart Commons which is a hop, skip, and jump away from my house, the 215, and Summerlin Parkway. This location has the biggest Baby Gap I have seen. It has its own entire section for newborn - 5T, none of that shared with Gap Kids junk that you find at Caesars and Miracle Mile. This location has stolen my heart because of their huge sale section and sometimes even have promotions that grant an additional 30-40% off! I never fail to find cute outfits and they are typically well stocked in every size. I love being able to find clothes for the kiddos without the commotion of the Strip. Definitely come check out this location. Just save some size 4T & 18-24 months clothes for me!
4	Move on over Kids and Baby, you are not the only one allowed to dress well at an affordable price. Attached to the children's store is an adults store and a GAP Body as well.I have never been to this store, but my sister swears that it is the nicest in Vegas. Overall I do agree it is a nice store. When I shop, I like to look at clearance first then make my way around a store. I have my basics, and now it is time to supplement my closet with more quirky items or pieces that I would not normally add. The fact that they are discounted makes it easy to justify adding a color you would not normally wear and test the water. Seeing their clearance rack, I was initially disappointed. It was small and did not contain much. As I was then walking around the store, I noticed that they place discounted items with their regular stock. These markdowns are not relegated to the back of the store, but are displayed with all of their newer items. I like this system because it allows guest to mix and match. I still found a few cool pieces in the back, but I found a couple of items while just browsing. The staff were quick to help and I was approached by three different associates. Sometimes I feel like sales people can be too helpful, but they just kept an eye on me after the initial inquiry.
4	When I come here I always stay in the baby and kids section. The adult section is connected to the kids but I can't afford the adult clothes.I am not made of money so I come here to shop when there is a sale or when I see something in the clearance section. There is always a HUGE clearance selection here; baby and kids.The employees are always nice and never rude or impossible to find. I buy baby shower clothes here and they gift wrap everything for you at no charge. They even give you a card to go with it. Nice.This store is open and spacious and the variety of clothing styles is nice.
