3	I haven't been yet, but this is a brand new boutique right near Dos Gringos in Old Town.  Katie, the owner, was really sweet on the phone and explained it as a European atmosphere with all LA Designers.  I guess there are water fountains and it's all white inside.  Hope to go check it out soon, but wanted the active fashionista yelpers to be in the know on this one asap!OK - so Therapy wasn't the most impressive boutique I've been to.  I agree with Melissa and Kristen's reviews.  No one made an effort at the grand opening party to welcome us, and the merchandise was just ok... some cute stuff but overpriced and I cannot allow myself to spend too much money at a place where I don't feel so welcome.
3	I was at Therapy last night for the Grand Opening party and I have to say I was quite underwhelmed.  The space is beautiful, it is indeed all white and does have a fountain!  But the clothes that are stocked in the space are just not my style.  I'm not sure who's style they are to be quite honest.There is an insane amount of bright colors.  Like really bright.  I'm from New York....when I stray from black and wear color its in moderation. And it's definitely not neon. There is also way too much paisley in the store.  It was like Vera Bradley came in and designed half of the clothes.  I question the quality of the fabric in some of the items.  (One particular dress had about 4 sizes in stock and the fabric on two of them was pilling already!)  There were many dresses with unfinished edges, which I understand is a stylistic touch, but I'm not paying $150 for a dress with an unfinished edge.  All in all I think I found maybe 2 or 3 things I actually liked in the store and they were styles I could get maybe one or two wears out of before they were completely passe.  (Stop stocking bubble hems!  Please!  Bubble hems were out months ago!)  As far as Grand Opening parties go it was nothing special.  The drink choices were either a very strange tasting "martini" from the martini fountain or if you were lucky enough to be greeted by a Sales Associate (despite being there for 2 hours we were not greeted at any point in time)  you may have been able to get wine.  I don't know....I like delicate and feminine styles.  Therapy was just too harsh in their styles for my taste.  Example- a lovely satin dress with a huge exposed zipper.  I would have gone for the dress but the zipper just detracted from whatever delicate lines and fabric it had.   There was one section of dresses that would look great if you were going to Mexico or Jamaica or something.....really bright patterned sundresses.  Alas, it is December and the next trips I am taking will be to NY, Boston and Vegas where dresses like this just do not work.
3	Seeing as how I am not traveling to Jamaica or Mexico in the near future, I'm not sure that I will be back to Therapy anytime soon. A lot of the clothes were brightly colored, Sherbert-colored, or had a Vera Bradley-type paisley print. Umm, no thank you. I'm from the East Coast where black is a staple color in people's wardrobes. I did see dress that was cute and was my style, but then I saw the huge freaking zipper in the back. Yuck. I prefer zippers be hidden on garments.The store itself is quite attractive and neatly arranged.  The Grand Opening party was disappointing...no one came over to talk to us the almost 2 hours we were there and the wine was hidden in the back and apparently you needed a super secret password to get it.
2	Not sure if I'm just getting old but I did not like their stuff. Styles were a little too ... crazy i guess. I mean the store itself is really neat, water fountains are always a nice touch, but even fountains didn't make it worth it to ever go back. Anything cute that I did find was too pricey for something that I didn't love. I think most of their clothing was trying a little too hard to stand out ... Sorry to say but not a fan
