3	this place is tiny. the stage is too. there's some good bands that play there though. and a lot of local bands. the crowd size can be anywhere from like 10 people to 100+. it all depends on the bands/promotion, i guess.there's some cool artwork around. and then some... not as cool artwork.there's a bunch of mismatched chairs that line the walls. i find it kind of cool. i'm not sure why. the neighborhood's a a little shady at night... but it's alright.
3	The bathroom here was worse than CBGB's was. I was scared to touch anything, even the soap. Being in the "band room" made me feel like I was about to be murdered.The art was weird and looked mostly like it was done by a high school class. There was a painting of Eazy-E with the word AIDS painted across it. Uh....yeah.Small stage, sounded OK. 2nd degree celebrity sighting - the promoter was supposedly the son of Max Weinberg? Hi Boss!
2	I will start to say... The owner is not so much of a nice guy, the establishment could use some updating, the bathroom is Disgusting(!), Garfield is not an uplifting environment (women, do NOT walk alone here at night) those are the negatives offhand.  The good is that some obscure independent bands play here for a relatively inexpensive price, the sound is adequate the "artwork" SUCKS! go see a show here & just be overwhelmingly WOWed!
3	The Artworks essentially a very long hallway with a stage and a PA at one end. It is a low(200) capacity venue catering to the off-center art crowd, and if you identify with that then you have probably already been called here by one of the many shows that it hosts. Shows here can range from 'The-Biggest-Name-You've-Never-Heard-Of" to simply "The-Name-You've-Never-Heard-Of". The art is usually local, and can obviously be hit or miss. The sound and conditions could be better, depending on what show you're seeing. In the summer the place can get unbearably hot, with people running for the exits between sets.Parking on the street is plentiful and free, and while there usually isn't too much within walking distance on a sparsely crowded night, Liberty Avenue is only a few blocks away to grab a bite to eat beforehand. The trip downstairs to the bathroom is somewhat disturbing. The toilet, appropriately, also lies at the end of a long hallway, behind a door which may or may not be able to close completely. Cleanliness of this one was an afterthought. However, while you hesitantly make your way towards the bathroom, be sure to check out the posters lining the wall of the stairs. Some of the past line-ups may astound you(And the prices you could have seen them for). Make no mistake, there is a fairly solid quality to the music here(especially from touring bands) and over the years many of them go on to be influential in one way or another. So if it's your thing, but sure to stop out and catch a show - the music will probably be solid, and the tickets are cheap!They're the only place on the street that requests donations for entry during Unblurred, but honestly I can't imagine the place is a gold mine regularly and the music they host is important to Pittsburgh(in my opinion), so I never mind tossing in a few bucks. Also, IMO, promotion isn't the best here, so check the website to find out the latest shows, or stop in during Unblurred.
3	I guess you could call this a minimalist approach. Garfield Artworks is essentially a big white room used to display art on its four walls or a venue for bands playing on a stage at the far end. There are a few chairs alone the walls and that's about it.I came here the other night to see a band. The acoustics aren't the greatest, but the small venue setting seemed to work. Most events are BYOB so keep that in mind. I checked out a lot of the posters for upcoming shows and events and most seem to be a little left of the norm, which is cool and what they seem to be going for.  Everyone comments on the absurdity of the bathroom and rightfully so. It is a complete dungeon.As for people saying it is in a sketchy area of town, I just gotta say "M is for melodrama". Penn Avenue is perfectly safe as long as you aren't stumbling drunk and/or being a complete asshole.
3	Explanation of the 3-star rating: I'm averaging out a four-star rating for this place as a music venue, and a two-star rating as an art venue. There's a lot of great shows happening here on the cheap -- it's the kind of place you can take a risk on a new band you know nothing about without much wallet pain. But the art -- there are exceptions, but there's a lot of 'ugh' kind of stuff. I hate to say that, but it seems like the bar for getting a show there is very low.
4	I agree with the comments posted by others.  I give it four stars because it really is a great benefit to the local community and the get some amazing bands.  I also really like how simple they have kept it.  Also agree that you need to check the website regularly.  But honestly, I can't think of many PGH clubs that get an A for promoting their shows.
4	It's small.  It gets sweaty.  But this place is great.  Well, i haven't really been here for like eight years, but i remember seeing Out Hud and Man Man here and it being sweaty and packed, and i feel like that augmented the experience.  It's a nice space for the craziness of a band to effect you domestically.  And you've gotta say something for Manny's tenacity and longevity in the space and i do think that GA is a crucial part of Penn Avenue.  He's a strange character, for sure, but he brings in good acts and notably weird acts.  To sum it up in a line: odd and wacky, like a big plate of spaghetti inside your brain.
