4	Hit this place up for the first time today. Froyo in South Park mall! Lots of flavors available. I saw a Ferrero Rocher flavor and tried some! It was goooood. I got a gigantic cup full of froyo for lunch, and it was about $8. So the pricing is pretty typical. So were the toppings.I think the only thing to add is indoor space, I don't remember seeing any seats. It's just kind of a come-in and go-out froyo spot.
3	Pretty good...you pay by the pound, which is a sweet thing. The part that didn't sit well with me is that everyone can touch everything; it is completely self-serve. I'm all about serving myself, but I've been in bathrooms where grown adults do not wash their hands. Thankfully there is a disinfecting dispenser available. Please use it liberally!!The flavors were pretty good. If you want to taste test some, you need to ask and they'll give you some tiny cups. I love how they have fresh fruit for toppings. Mmmm!The place is small and it gets filled quick! Convenient stop when you are at your shopping-best.
3	Ok so I have been wanting some froyo ever since I started reading about the new version of Android coming out. 2.2 is nicknamed Froyo.Anyway, I happened to be at Southpark the other day and saw Yoforia.The layout is very unique, and I was surprised to see how many different flavors that they had considering that most of the frozen yogurt places I have been to in the past just have their one original flavor.I was excited to see that there was Taro flavor, but it had run out. This doesn't count against them though since it was right near closing time on Sunday. I decided to try the original and vanilla bean flavors instead.Then it was on to the toppings which there was a very good selection, I decided to put a bunch of different fruits in the the yogurt.Now, I got up to the register and I saw that the person in front of me paid around 3.50 for their yogurt. In my mind I was expecting to pay around the same. However, it turned out mine was 6.50! Yikes!This place charges by the ounce and there is only one giant cup size you can choose from. Maybe other people can judge portions better than me, but when I have a large cup I tend to trend toward filling it. I consciously tried not to put too much, but I guess my efforts failed. I believe I had less than half of the cup filled.Besides that, the froyo itself was tasty, the fruits were fresh and over all it was a good experience. Food wise I give it a 4/5, losing one since they were out of a lot of flavors, and I like a bit more tartness in the yogurt. Service 5/5 since it was self serve, I made sure to tip myself at the end.What makes Yoforia three starts overall in my book is that I am just wary of the buffet, self-serve, one size concept. I don't want to have to worry about how much I need to portion out and worry about what my final bill is going to me. Personally, I would be much happier if there was just three sizes and be done with it. Heck maybe if there was different self-serve sizes and price accordingly.I do want to go back to try some of the other flavors, but I will watch my portion a lot closer next time.
4	Went into the South Park Mall store today for the 1st time. I have been CRAVING FroYo  ever since I got back from NY (where FroYo is common and people don't look at you funny if you ask if there is a TCBY around anywhere) and got hooked on Red Mango's pumpkin spice froyo - but that's another review ;-)It was super busy in there today but everyone was incredibly nice. The employees were helping people and making sure everyone was taken care of, without being overbearing or obnoxious. I had questions about nutritional information (beyond the basic calorie count) and the young lady who helped me went and got me a list of the more detailed info. I agree, the one size cup makes it a little difficult to judge how much you're getting but they encouraged me to keep weighing my cup until I got what I wanted - seriously, the folks in there want happy customers.I ended up having about 6 oz total of a mix between dark chocolate (YUM!) and Vanilla Bean (good, but not GREAT) and topped it with some strawberries. Basic, simple and exactly what I wanted.I will absolutely go back next time I'm down by South Park (I live north, closer toward University so I don't travel down that way often) and I'd love to see one open up up this way too
4	I'm from CA where these self serve, pay by the ounce yogurt joints are off every freeway exit and in every Asian marketplace, especially in the bay area. I was happy to finally see one in North Carolina. Frankly, I'm surprised that it wasn't established here sooner because the summers here are unbearably hot!!Needless to say, my wife and I make a stop by Yoforia every time we are at Southpark mall. At first, it was a rough experience when they didn't have air conditioning and North Carolinians, who were new to the concept, spent more time sampling which led to longer lines, but since that first month, it has gotten a lot better: lines have been shorter, the yogurt is good quality and very refreshing, especially on a hot summer's day
5	I stopped at this Yoforia during my visit to NC and was blown away. This is the best froyo anywhere, even better than all the chains in Los Angeles. My favorite was the pineapple tart. Fantastic! One of the most delicious treats I've ever had in my life. I really like the decor of this place and there was really positive energy from both the customers and the staff. Everyone seemed to be so happy there.  The fruit selection was fantastic, super fresh and a really wide variety. Also, I LOVE LOVE LOVE the fact that they use organic milk and organic yogurt. No one else seems to do that.
4	Definitely a fan of Yoforia.  These yogurt places have been popping up all over the place recently it seems.  Great concept of self-serve then weighing.  Overall the price and taste are a great combination.Sometimes the line at this location can get a little crazy, but it moves along pretty fast... the good thing about the Southpark Mall location is that you can walk around the mall and wait for the line to die down.
3	I love Froyo!  What I don't like is germs.  Waiting in line with my cup to get some delicious yogurt, I noticed that people are not as concerned with sanitation as I am.  I saw people using spoons to scoop yogurt directly from the dispenser into their mouths AND doing it more than once with the same spoon.  GERMS!  I saw small children sticking their fingers up into the dispensers to take a taste or three. MORE GERMS! They need to hire a sanitation officer (similar to the Soup Nazi from Seinfeld).  When someone is about to do something that violates sanitation code, NO FROYO FOR YOU.I know there are unknowns with other restaurants that have things go on "behind the scenes" but when I can see these offenses happen right in front of me, I get a little grossed out.  Aside from that, the prices and variety are good. If you want to keep the cost (and calories) down, don't pile on the toppings and don't try to completely fill the obscenely large buckets they give you. I recommend trying the taro and original.  If the idea of germs are too much for you, there's a Pinkberry in the Philips Place shopping center. They serve the froyo to you from behind a counter. Very sanitary.
4	Yoforia is straight up euphoria!  I'm a fan of frozen sweets, even in December, and my recent trip to Euphoria didn't fail to please.  As a newbie to the frozen yogurt scene, I love the "sundae bar" experience.  They have 7 or 8 flavors of yogurt (I got vanilla), plus unlimited toppings like nuts, gummy bears, and crumbled candy bars.  Plus, there are surprisingly fresh chunks of fruits to choose from.  You serve yourself in a gluttonously large "tub" at the beginning of the line and mix and match to your heart's delight.  I paced myself and came out spending $3.75.  Not bad.In comparision to Tasty Yo, Yoforia's yogurts is much firmer.  The vanilla flavored yogurt has just enough sweet to cover the natural tart but not enough to overpower the yummy toppings.  If you haven't jumped on the frozen yogurt bandwagon, I highly suggest Yoforia as your on-ramp to soft-serve, healthy goodness.
4	Yoforia is delicious. I liked how I got to sample before deciding and I liked how cheap it turned out in the end. The Vanilla Bean was delicious. Pretty crammed most of the time I go by, but it didn't bother me a whole lot, other than the jumping in line and the little kids touching the machines pointlessly. No seating, but thats okay because it's nice to just stroll around Southpark eating frozen yogurt (at least for me...). Much better than Pinkberry because you make the decisions on quantity and toppings with much less trouble.
5	Friggin'  TARO soft serve frozen yogurt. Plus, when I went it was a reasonable .39/ ounce, and my cup was only $3.50 I got a sampling of three flavors without toppings, which seemed extraneous with the lovely flavors they had available: Cheesecake, Ferrero Rocher, Cookies n Cream amongst about 10 others, my favorite was definitely the Taro.
4	some of the best frozen yogurt in charlotte! i always end up overloading my cup and spending like $8 but at least i have some for when i want a snack later in the day/night. lol. they need a bigger location and/or one closer to me, this one is always packed!
2	Waaaaaaack.I've had Pinkberry's, Red Mango, and Yogurtland aplenty and this place just doesn't measure up.There's not much to say, except it's definitely overpriced (hard to believe, but it is) and the frozen yogurt was a bit more ice-y than other places that I've had.  That's all I got to say about that.  If you can hit up Pinkberry's instead, I would.  But let's face it, if you're a true fan of the froyo, you wouldn't come here anyways. =)dmo out.
4	If you're seeking some delicious, low-cal treats at SouthPark Mall, Yoforia is your jam. This particular location can get mighty packed on weekends, but the line moves uber fast. A few things to be aware of...1) They charge by the ounce, so if you're being all gluttonous, you're going to pay for it, literally. 2) The toppings are fab. Everything from Butterfinger bits to Captain Crunch to a smattering of fresh fruit. 3) The employees here are super nice and will always ask if you'd like to sample anything. Sweet! My personal favorite combo is a small swirl of dark chocolate, cheesecake and peanut butter topped with chocolate chips and a dusting of Butterfinger bits. Or, perhaps I'll go all healthy with coconut fro yo, coconut shavings and fresh pineapple. I don't know...it's a game time decision!
4	I am a lover of Pinkberry so I was a bit hesitant to try out the frozen yogurt in the mall. Well there really wasn't a need to worry at all. They have tons of flavors! The store is super crowded and busy, but they do their best to maintain a clean environment.The ordering process is pretty simple, get into the line, pick up your tub and choose your flavors and pile on the toppings. It's all self serve so be as creative as you want! My favorites are taro, green tea, cheesecake, and original with caramel, condensed chocolate, and blueberries.
5	Normally, I love YoForia, but I am not a fan of their new summer flavor, Watermelon. It is way too sweet! Stick with the original flavor, topped with fresh fruit, and you won't go wrong!
1	Yuck. Hand sanitizing is key to the self serve yogurt concept. But there's NO  hand sanitizer here!! When I asked about it, the guy just shrugged and said "we don't have any." Hello, it's a mall, go down to Bath and Body works and buy a botttle!We have been huge fans of Yofoia at ALL their Charlotte locations. Piper Glen, Myers Park, Providence Promenade and this one at the mall. Each and every location has gone way downhill lately. They used to have lots of healthy choices, and now a lot of the fresh fruits and nuts on their toppings bar are being replaced with things like melty crumbled up snickers,  mashed up pecan pie, and stale sugary cereal. What a disappointment. When I asked why they don't serve almonds anymore, they tell me that they are "too expensive." Yoforia used to be about healthy choices - organic yogurt, organic granola, fresh fruits and nuts. Now it's just turning junky, and to top it off, they don't even have hand sanitizer any more (or care!)  What a let down! It was a great concept when it started. Wish Pinkberry would open up more locations.
4	Good frozen yogurt.  The only complaint I have is they did not have the typical good flavors, like red velvet.  That said, the place was clean, cheap and the yogurt they did have was good all the same.  Some of the more popular flavors would be nice though.
4	Love this place...but I love frozen yogurt in general.They have yogurt. They have toppings.That's what you want when you want frozen yogurt, right?If you're at the mall, why not stop by?Why then did I rate this place so high since it's your typical frozen yogurt place?For the taro.No other frozen yogurt place that I've frequented around here offers that flavor. If I could just have taro,  I would! If you haven't tried it, please do.
4	I live close to pinkberry and whole foods, so If I have a froyo or gelato craving I'm in good hands. But yoforia is a nice change of pace. It's self-serve and has a good selection of toppings. And while some dislike their flavor selections because they are, at times, on the wild side, I happen to love taro and green tea and pistachio flavor. I think that in order to carve its own niche with competitors in the neighborhood they have to stand out. And based upon the lines I see in the mall to get yoforia, I'm not the only one who likes what they see.They shut down for a while due to the flooding, but they seem to have bounces back without skipping a beat this summer. I think I'll go back there again later today!
3	Yoforia delivers fro yo to the masses in Southpark Mall. It's a self serve spot with 12 flavors. Unfortunately, two were down for cleaning when I visited. You can sample as many flavors as you like but you need to ask the people at the counter for the cups. They keep them hidden, probably to deter people from just snagging samples and leaving without a purchase. I sampled a few and enjoyed most of them. Most of the ones I sampled had a really nice, smooth consistency (read, not icy!). They had a nice mixture of sweet and tart flavors. They had 4 tart flavors out of the 10 they were serving at the time Which is more than most places offer. The thing that got me... TARO fro-yo. Oh yum yum!! It was a nice consistency, which an appealing purple hue. The taro flavor was mild but ever present. I also enjoyed the key lime and cheesecake swirled together.Like most self-serve fro-yo places, they only have one size cup (large!). So, be careful filling it up. Otherwise, you will, very easily, have an $8+ cup in your hands. The toppings bar was messy and the fruit didn't look all that appealing. I opted to pass on toppings, as the taro was good all on its own.So, my biggest complaint... Price! I know they have to pay the rent, which is probably outrageous being in a mall, but come on! They charge about 10 cents more per ounce than comparable self-serve fro yo places. Oh well... I'll be back just for the taro fro-yo.
2	Can't say I was too impressed with this frozen yogurt joint, but I had to give it 2 stars since it's pretty much the only game in the neighborhood. Yoforia is basically an overpriced froyo joint with below average selection of frozen yogurt. When we went on a Saturday afternoon, about half the machines were NOT dispensing froyo (broken / taking a break i guess?), so there were probably about 6 flavors to choose from. I filled my cup with 3 - pomegrate tart, taro and irish mint. Let me just tell you now that the irish mint was an absolute disaster. It tasted like watered down vanilla to me...if you can even taste the vanilla in there. The pom was the best of the 3 and the taro, though had good flavor was much too icy and not creamy enough for it be labeled "frozen yogurt". For my 3/4 filled cup with barely any toppings, I paid $6. The topping bar is also pretty sad, though they do have your usual  diced up nuts, granola, diced up fruit (blueberries, strawberries, mango, etc.). No way would I ever be back. Got conned into the first cup...never again.
5	I happened upon this amazing place while wandering aimlessly around the South Park Mall today. The girls working there were just as sweet at the incredible spoonfuls of yum going into my mouth. I tried three flavors including Honey Comb, Ferrero Rocher, and Pineapple. They were all freaking amazing! I spent five bucks and received delicious fro-yo, great service, and a happy tummy. If you are in this mall, you have no excuse not to go here for dessert!
5	South Park Mall is beautiful. It is a workout shopping at this mall.My first visit to Yoforia and you had me at hello. Been to TCBY, Sweet Frog, etc... Nothing compares to Yoforia and their exotic selection.Where are you going to find Taro Yogurt or Ferrero Rocher. This is the place to be to get these types of yogurt and the taste is sharp and stays on your tongue. Yes, I did get a brain freeze for it is so cold.
