5	Woah.. this is another fancy supermarket. I saw a lot of Fry's Supermarket, but this beats them all in terms of interior look and the size of the store! The interior look of the store was upscale and sleek. Very fancy.This store has so much inventory in stock! I counted over 30 different types of deodorant on the shelf.Prices are reasonable for the food. They have a deli and hot food section. In addition, you can order coffee and pastries from Tully's Coffee.Bathrooms are in the back and they are so immaculately clean. I also liked the extra touch with the air fresheners.The best part about the trip was seeing price scanners in a grocery store!!! Wow! I'f you think the price is wrong on a bag of Cheetos, "ding!" and now you have the price! Like all of the Fry's stores, a card is needed for the items on sale. This store also has self-checkout lines.
5	Wow...See you, Albertsons, Safeway, and Basha's - I found something better!I stopped by this Fry's Marketplace for the 2nd time in one week, and I was extremely impressed.  Not only did they have everything on my grocery list, but the produce was wonderful (both organic and regular), and the selection on everything else was huge!  Jared loves it because the carry Boar's Head deli meat - he's high maintenance when it comes to his meat!  And, I found a salad dressing that I could not find anywhere else... I swear!  (It's called Hendrickson's and I finished up the bottle at Jared's when I moved in and I was on a mission to find it again.  I'd almost given up when I came across it at this Fry's!)I believe that the VIP card (which is free and they always swipe one through even if you forget yours) saves you $$$ although I find the prices to be a tad high without it.  I'll have to find a closer Fry's Marketplace when I move to Old Town as this one will be too far, but until then, I'll be a regular here!
2	This grocery is close to my house and has become my go to store, but I cannot say I love it. First, the prepared foods are very hit or miss. Sometimes the soups are great, other times I am left wondering how there could possibly be an oil slick in a veggie soup, despite the Fry's-produced evidence in front of me (really? how? that much oil in veggie soup?). Really, they may be creating alternative energy sources for all I know. Also, the layout of this store is impenetrable. Seriously, you can navigate Venice, Italy more easily. Every time I go there to get a few items to make a meal, I end of wandering for an hour and still unable to find one last item. This is exacerbated by the fact that NO ONE WHO WORKS THERE KNOWS WHERE ANYTHING IS LOCATED. Going through this place makes me think I know how say, Vasco deGama must have felt circumnavigating the world... And, I am also a bit confused by their selection. When you walk in, there is a huge area of books, kitchen items, small appliances, dishes...you could outfit a kitchen here. On the other side of the store there is a huge area of furniture. Real furniture. This seems to me to be a waste of space and makes the "impossible to navigate" issue worse. I mean, who goes in for milk and thinks you know, I will also get a nine piece patio set and a little ceramic pig holding up a "menu" chalkboard while I am at it. Ok, so I totally do this at Target, but at a grocery store it is weird. And do not get me started on the self check out. While this is a great idea in theory, in fact, I end up screaming at a computerized voice telling me to, "remove item from the bagging area," while I am confounded b/c there is no item in the "bagging area." Eventually, this breaks down and an actual person must, after ignoring you for at least 5 minutes, comes to your rescue. And then you will have to start over again. In fairness, Husband loves this feature, but I just find it extremely aggravating and a waste of time. But, it is close, so, like with your bad college bf who was "in a band," I still go back. I will say that the selection is decent and the produce section is very nice - lots of fresh stuff and lots of local and/or organic choices. Also, if you shop here, the VIP card is a must. The prices are a little high, and this can save you a bundle. If you can ever find your way out, that is...
4	This is a beautiful supermarket.  I guess I never really considered how different locations of the same chain can be like night and day.  This location is by far the nicest Fry's I have visited.  The produce section is very large and the entire store is exceptionally clean.  The deli, meat and seafood sections are also much larger than a typical Fry's.  Best of all?  The prices are exactly the same as the lackluster "regular" locations!  Same, same, same.   Ooooh I like that!
2	I'm a Fry's fan, but this place annoyed me and made me hot. Maybe it was because I was on my lunch break, pressed for time, and there were 500 women in there just slowly cruisin every aisle like they were killing time. Everywhere I turned was a dead end and the face lotion selection was super limited (my main objective). I had also hoped to score some kind of nice hot lunch while there but aside from some dry looking sandwiches and soup I couldnt find much else. Sadly, I ended up hitting Jack in the crack on my way back to work. A girl's gotta eat somewhere.
5	The sushi is amazing.  It is made daily in the store by an authentic sushi chef.  The rolls are more beautiful and delictable than in most actual sushi restaurants.  Pricing is good too, 12 piece brown rice spicy tuna for $7.99 beats most happy hour pricing and the really fancy rolls are typically $8-$10.  The produce selection is broad as well including an all organic section.They also match competitor coupons.  I use the $3 of off $30 from Fresh and Easy when I go there.They also have good prices on wine (larger selection than some wine stores)
5	I know it seems really odd reviewing a grocery store chain as big as Fry's - but I just can't help myself.  I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE this Fry's.   And not just any Fry's but THIS location.  Period.  My fiance knows to not even mention another store around me because my answer's always going to be the same - I bet they won't have it at "Our Fry's."  They've just renovated, so the store seems even newer and fresher than before.  The produce is wonderful.  The Tully's Coffee is awesome.  The meat selection is amazing for the price (huge selection of Ribeyes...T-Bones...Chicken...Pork). Just watch for the weekly specials for deals.  It's soo weird getting WalMart type deals in the DC Ranch area.The sushi section is surprisingly awesome!  The nicest sushi man ever works here - and we can't walk by without buying from him.  He puts a lot of effort and heart into his work, and is always helpful in explaining what he's made.  He's soo friendly and smiles so much - it's hard not to smile back.Kroger products are really good, too.  I buy generic when I can - and have never had any issues with taste or quality.   Pretty much the same as major brands, if I were to have to do a blind taste test I'd probably fail.They just put in a Coldstone which is either a good thing, OR a bad thing.  Now instead of smelling their fresh cooked meals to go, we smell ice cream cones.  Dangerous and difficult to not stop by for a cone!  Especially in a 100 degree whether!The ONLY complaint I have is their beer selection.  It used to be soo wonderful - being able to find Ballast Point, Bear Republic, craft beer at our doorstep.  But now we have to go to AJ's :(  Not enough to change my opinion of Fry's, but definitely sad to see the likes of Bud and Miller taking over.But to leave this review on a high note.  I woke up in a panic one morning when I realized my Iphone 3GS was missing.  It's like my lifeline - I felt lost.  There had only been one place we went to the night before - it was Fry's.  My fiance wrote it off as a loss - scolding me for being forgetful (I believe I had left it at the self checkout line).  We rushed over early morning Sunday - and I was beyond relieved that my phone had been turned in!  I practically hugged the woman behind customer service who handed me my phone.  Seriously - whether or not it's a direct reflection on the store - it was nice knowing that there are nice people still around ;)
5	My favorite grocery store....great organic selection, helpful and friendly bistro staff, best sushi guy, and comfortable layout.  If you're in the neighborhood - check it out!
2	This Fry's "Signature" Market is starting to annoy me. Initially, it impressed me... 4star worthy.... new, clean and huge. It's still new, clean (except for the renovation) and huge. What bothers me is the management: - Some items are routinely out of stock at this Fry's... not the occasional stock-outs like other Fry's. I'm assuming that they use the same replenishment/inventory system and Kroger's distribution system. Why is it that they continually stock out of items (like Kroger's Pina Colada yogurt?). They routinely switch frozen specials between brands like Lean Cuisine and Marie Callender's, but are slooow to restock. By some miracle, the sale items are often back fully stocked the day after the sale ends... at regular (ie: absurdly high) prices. This happens less frequently at other Fry's... running the same specials.- All supermarkets working on 2% margin try to force customers into self service lanes by having too few cashiers on hand... but this one excels at it. I use self-service when I can... but it doesn't always make sense. Everyone's waited in line for 10 minutes... finally committing to a lane by emptying their cart, just to have a cashier finally open a neighboring lane. It happens all the time here.The manager seems nice but is extremely slow to assign people... or God forbid jump in and help bag/expedite himself. Some of the cashiers are really efficient... they just need some backup! I'm guessing this Fry's has the same time management system as others... but you don't need cueing theory to figure out that you have people waiting if your eyesight's intact. They need a manager with the enthusiasm of a Trader Joe's Captain... and a shirt to match.- I'm not sure if it will be profitable to imitate Whole Foods and add a wine & cheese bar, especially with at least 2 bar/restaurants in the same parking lot and Armitage Wine Lounge just up the street, but whoopee for them! God knows if I were a soccer Mom, I'd want to slam back a few while shopping with the kiddees. I understand the renovation... but did they need to change the entire shelf lineup at the same time? It took long enough to search for some items before... those are probably the only items I'll find now!
4	I haven't been here in a while.  I like how they have remodeled this Fry's, even though it is not even 5 years old, they revamped it a little.  Today they had awesome deals for certain participating items.  I am glad I read the flyer I got in the mail.  I am glad I have their VIP card, I got a lot of stuff for only $45.
1	Fry's Signature is a total scam!  They are proud to boast they sell only 100% Choice USDA Beef, but it is some of the worst meat I have ever tasted.  Think Walmart meat, with Whole Foods pricing.I have voiced concerns over service and poor quality and "got told to go fly a kite" more or less by upper level management.  Keep in mind, I wasn't trying to return anything or get any level of compensation, just an apology and that was apparently too much to ask.The store is typically understaffed and the people that you can find are petulant at best.Avoid this place at all cost.  Stock up on basics at Costco and get quality proteins and produce at AJ's.Fry's Signature is proof that you indeed can polish a turd.
1	This store is super close to my house so I shop here for the convenience. However, their service is awful!! They have a bell to ring if you get good service. More appropriate would be a foghorn to blow when your service is bad. It would sound like a fleet of ships were coming into harbor....Maybe then they'd have a better chance convincing us their fish was fresh.
5	This is a great location! You know you're in for a nice grocery shopping experience with the classic music being played in the parking lot. I like this grocery store because it's really big & clean and has a great produce section, great deli with prepared foods, great bakery, yummy cheese and wine bar, and everyone here is nice and helpful. The deli is really big with a large variety of reasonably priced foods and usually a lot of people working so the line is never too long. They have a very big fancy cheese section with the same stuff you can buy from Whole Foods (yay no need for two stops). My favorite part is the bakery - really delicious fresh breads (get the chilli cheese bread!) and amazing giant cupcakes. The cupcakes are absurdly good, especially for being from a regular grocery store instead of a boutique cupcake place, with very soft, moist, fluffy cake and huge amounts of frosting. They have a CUPCAKE BAR so you can choose the type of cake, frosting, and decorations (everything from plastic rings to crushed candy bars to cereal). The produce section is fresh & I've never had a problem with veggies or fruit I've bought here. I think the prices are perfectly reasonable. The ice cream aisle is an entire aisle and if you can't find something to your fancy, there is even a Coldstone within the grocery store. On the way out you can treat yourself to the self-serve ICEE machine. On top of all that, they always have a sizable holiday section to get just about everything you need (and then some).Truly a one stop shop.
5	Way better than most!
5	If you visit the Fry's at McDowell & 43rd avenue in Phoenix, you're in for a cultural treat.It's like walking into a grocery store in Mexico, complete with Mexican music bumping throughout the store, a deli featuring specialty food items such as sheets of fried pig skin, and a host of other odd-as-owl-shit foods only found in Mexico.And a greeter, just like WalMart, only he's blathering shit in Spanish as he pushes a cart your way.The check-cashing area is a little troublesome. It's like a bank with counter-to-ceiling windows made of plexiglass about an inch thick...your only access to the teller through a small opening at the base of the window. In the produce department, entire aisles of every type of chili pepper known to man.Now, go to the Fry's on Hayden and Thompson Peak where you'll experience the polar opposite.Benz's and Beamers littering the parking lot.A Cold Stone and a Tully's coffee inside. And a deli featuring stuff you'd find at a fancy restaurant.But the most notable difference between the two stores is a full bar and wine room qt this location. This so you can have a couple beers while your wife does the shopping.The only thing missing is a flat screen.At the bar, you can sit and enjoy any one of a hundred craft beers or wines as you sample from the huge variety of cheeses.  The wine tasting room, large and well-appointed, similar to a cellar found in a mult-million-dollar home.Fry's really has it right, catering to the different demographics. Genius!Kudos Fry's, I love your wisdom of not putting a bar in the 43rd location, where I doubt I''d make it to my car in one piece had you done so.
3	Very nice looking Frys for a girl who has walked into the ghetto downtown Phoenix Frys where I live. We got some chicken from here to cook, some of the chicken was very bad on one piece which was a shame. I do love their nice gluten free aisles though! The produce was also fresh here, bought some nice asparagus and apples.
4	This Fry's is even better than the one on Shea and 90th Street!A while back, I expounded on the transformation that has taken place over at their Shea location.  Well, this too is fun to go to and a wonderful grocery shopping experience.  It appears to have been built from the ground up. and is a well thought out alternative to Basha's upscale AJ's brand.Even though we been shopping here for five years, I wouldn't even be able to guess the store's dollar volume. But it has to be high, since they have just about everything you could ever want in a grocery store.  The aisles are wider and appear longer than the usual store.  They are also broken up in the middle to allow you to move between them.  The wine selection is excellent and very diverse.  If it's not here, they will order it for you.  They also have a very good wine sommelier.  All very nice!  Also like the 90th Street store they have a wine tasting and cheese area.  Imagine, wine tasting, sushi, cheese, all in a grocery store.  It's like a mini upscale restaurant!I particularly like the Tully's coffee (see separate review) sitting area. It's setup reminds of a Gold Passport floor at a Hyatt Regency, with HDTV, comfy chairs and a newspaper rack.Enjoy!
5	If I couldn't love this place anymore, they now have a wine bar.  Yep, that's right.  A wine bar.  That serves craft beer on draft.  And sells growlers. They are really loyal to local breweries, such as San Tan or Four Peaks, but what keeps me coming back is their steady stream of Firestone Union Jack.  On draft.  It's perfect for those hot, humid, summer days when you feel drenched just walking from your car, to the store.  I enjoy sitting at the bar, figuring out my shopping list, talking to people in the area, and people watching.  It's also a great store for that, too.Although their shelf beer selection is still not as impressive as other grocery stores I have seen in the area, I can't knock a star for that.  Yelp is not "beeradvocate" and all around it's a great store.  Their food, produce, and meat selection is always fresh, and the customer service is friendly.  It's nice having everything I need under one roof.
4	I love this store! I have only ran into hiccup with the bakery department as far as but having the cake design I wanted to having the cake design to not having it again, but other than that the selection is awesome, they have great mark downs, and it's appealing to the eye.
4	I really love this place. When we come to visit my mother-in-law I always look forward to doing my shopping at Fry's. Their bakery bread is amazing. I have converted everyone over to their wheat sourdough. Haven't tried it? Do it! Even my super health conscious brother-in-law (thing green smoothies for ever meal) went through almost an entire loaf in less than a day. Their deli is pretty nice, I wish they had a better variety of to go hot meals. Their baked chicken is really good but I know sometimes it sits under the heat lamps to long..I have had some amazing chicken jerky!   They have a great selection of beer as well, you can mix and match your own 6 pack which we love! We are really spoiled with our meat so we go to Costco, but we have bought some here and it was great as well. Produce is almost always spot on and when I have had an issue they have taken care of it immediately. I haven't had any issues here so far! Only issue i will most likely have is fitting into my pants after a long stay down here!
5	I've been shopping here since it opened.  The only other options around are two Safeways, one on Pima and one on Scottsdale and a Basha's.   I have been very happy with this store and its employees.  The store is always clean and organized.  The employees are always friendly and prompt.  The prices are the best in the area.  The sales here far surpass those of Safeway and Basha's.  And this store has a much larger selection of products than do Safeway or Basha's.  I go to Safeway, only 100 feet from my home, only for their amazing tarts.  I never step into the Basha's.  All of my business goes to this Fry's.
3	Maybe it's just my timing but when I come in, the service isn't so great. I stood in line alone at the cold stone for fifteen minutes and no one came to the register. I saw an employee ,however nearby and they did nothing to signal service. Then, as I left and came back 20 minutes after shopping, I saw that same employee working behind the counter at cold stone. Then the night before I came in to get dinner and the store associate communicated with me like I was a coworker and told me to go help myself at self checkout. Instructions didn't bother me it was just the tone in which the message was delivered. I come here for Customer Service. Overall however, the store appearance is gorgeous. I'm going to keep coming back here but I'm also going to explore some of the other shopping areas.
4	Very clean market!   Lots of produce !   Great cheese & wine selection.   They are expensive on pantry items but they have great meat sales.
5	Big turn around! Very happy. Probably just a fluke of cruddy circumstances. Nice to say that when I go in now, things are great!
5	Kroger knows what they're doing. This is by far the cleanest and nicest grocery store I've been to. It even has a bar in it, if that's your things. Become a Fry's member and get great deals and money off gas, but don't fill up your gas at this location go to the one in Phoenix where price per gallon is 30-40 cents lower.
3	Had to stop in when I realized, on my way to Soul Cafe for some pancakes, I'd forgotten my travel-sized bottle of 100% organic maple syrup at home**.  Oh, but Fry's doesn't sell organic maple syrups-what??  However, I did find a 12.5 oz bottle of Maple Grove Farms' 100% maple syrup.  I used to buy MGF organic buttermilk pancake mixes online, so I was familiar with the brand.  The syrup isn't organic, but I was looking for pure maple syrup, and not one laced with corn syrup, like most of the others offered at grocery stores.  You know that sweet aroma of pancake syrup wafting in the air of grease spoons during breakfast everywhere?  Yeah, that's what pancake syrups made with corn smells like.  I just hope that the majority of maple tree forests aren't sprayed with pesticides, or genetically modified just yet...Store was brightly-lit, clean, and organized.  The self-check out service didn't allow me to use the Key Ring app I have that organizes all of my loyalty cards, so a Fry's cashier rep had to help me.  Next time, I could just type in my account number using a link on the monitor.**Thank goodness great fall/winter/spring weather is here, and I can soon leave my bottle of organic maple syrup in the car.  $10 for a bottle of non-organic syrup is still $10, especially when I already have an unopened bottle of Trader Joe's organic maple syrup and about four travel-sized ones in the fridge!
4	This Fry's seems tucked away in a plaza filled with restaurants and other shops - almost like an afterthought. Which is surprising, because it is one of the larger Fry's. I like the layout of this store and how open it feels. It isn't my regular store, so I can still get lost or wonder where something should be. They have an extensive produce section, a large bakery, an olive bar, a cheese bar, and a huge liquor section. Overall, they just have a lot of stuff. If you are in the area and need something, definitely check it out. You won't be disappointed.
