5	This is well-maintained facility staffed with people who are helpful and caring. The kennels where the dogs are kept are a fair size, with an outdoor and indoor half. I saw staff members cleaning and taking the dogs out for walks in a larger open area. There are fenced playpens for you to acquaint yourself with potential adoptable dogs. They also have a color ranking system to help you select the dog with the right energy level. Staff are very patient and try to answer your questions. They also don't mind if you ask to see more dogs and when you're not ready to adopt. After 3 or 4 visits, I adopted a male dog who was not yet neutered. The $85 fee covered: - Microchip & Registration - Rabies exam & vaccination - Spay/Neuter Surgery - Pre-adoption vaccinations - Initial De-Worming - 4lb bag of Hill's Science Diet food - 30 Days of Pet Insurance - Heartworm Test They also threw in a collar for me because the collar I brought was difficult to put on. My free goodie bag included: a few dog food samples, toothpaste, a toothbrush, some nail lotion and a training video. My one complaint is small, in that I wish they provided Jack with an e-collar to keep him from licking his surgery area. We purchased one for him, but he had irritated the area quite a bit. Thankfully, the Humane Society was very responsive to emails. I took a photo of the surgery area and they were able to make recommendations. Jack is in great health and very happy!   I should also mention that they have an awesome website that includes photos and descriptions of available dogs and cats.  I checked this site almost daily for dog types that I might want to see in person.  It's a great site and updated all the time.This is a no-kill facility that really seems to care about placing their dogs in good homes. I was happy to support them.
2	I've adopted from local city humane societies before and it was Fantastic! This was unfortunately NOT THE CASE here. If you are going to work with this organization on adopting a new family member. Please make sure you have enough patience to handle their process. They really need to tweak their adoption process. It takes days for them to approve you for adoption, which means it's better to get approved before you fall in love with any of their visiting members. Unfortunately we had fallen in love already, so we had another feeling of loss. Which is hard, but there were other dogs that caught our eye, but even that was a mess. We waited for the group of dogs to get fed and 30 minutes later the dog we had waited for was visiting with another family that had just walked in. We were asked to wait again for the dog to have a break from visiting and when the dog came out again we fell in love. We went to the front to complete the adoption and what we were told only 35 minutes prior had all of sudden changed. Originally we were told that we could come in the next day with our dog for a meet/greet and complete the adoption then. Instead, we were told that they will file our adoption request with our approved adoption application and "let us know". I was confused, why everything was coming to a halt again, but I never found out the answer, nor did I ever get a return phone call from them. My family and I moved on and had a FANTASTIC adoption experience with a organization that I feel has more heart and compassion and is definitely always going to be a part of my life from now on. Please look at the NORTH MECKLENBURG ANIMAL RESCUE and help these people give a great home to animals.
3	We adopted our new little addition, a female puppy who was 11 weeks old, at the beginning of February. At that time, she had already been spayed. I fully support spaying/neutering, but that is just too young in my book. That was the first thing that bothered me about our experience with this particular Humane Society. The fee for adopting our puppy was $150.00, which I thought was a tad high, but acceptable.She was not well at all that first week, so we took her to the vet where she was diagnosed with Giardia (a nasty GI/parasitic infection) and an Upper Respiratory Infection. She had to be on TWO antibiotics. Consequently it took two courses of the antibiotic to completely wipe out the Giardia, so that makes THREE antibiotics within 2 weeks of adopting her from the Humane Society.Needless to say, we were very shocked and disappointed. Frankly I expected better from the Humane Society. To think, that she had been suffering from both of those illnesses while in their care, for who knows how long. And no one there noticed, or if they did - they didn't do anything about it. We had been told she was perfectly healthy, of course. Upon taking her home, we immediately noticed her runny nose and bowel issues. Well, she IS healthy, and happy now, thanks to us. We wouldn't trade her for anything, but the initial experience could have been much better. I admire the fact that they are a no-kill shelter, and that they will take animals in from other kill shelters... but I feel that they could do MUCH better in their caring for the animals, while they are awaiting homes. I still support them, and hope that they will change for the better. (*Note: the other reviews for the Humane Society of Charlotte are actually under the listing for their Spay/Neuter clinic at 2646 Toomey Ave).
4	We adopted a kitten and a puppy from this establishment. We lucked out basically, as the kitten is extremely charming and sweet tempered, and the dog is friendly and extremely trainable.  All of the staff were pretty friendly and helpful as well.  Our kitty adoption went without snags, but I have one complaint about the dog adoption.  We met our dream dog and when we gave them our interest they informed us that there was another adopter "in line" for her before us, and that they'd get back to us if they didn't work out for whatever reason.  Boohoo, we got over it and came back a week later to see if there were any new promising pooches.  Well there was our dream doggie again, still unadopted!  When we asked about it at the front desk they said the first applicant "fell through".  Well gosh guys, when did that happen, and why didn't  someone contact me through the various channels of communication I provided on our application?  Well.  I can understand them being busy, but I would've figured the priority would go to getting those animals out to enthusiastic and experienced pet owners!  Just a minor issue since we did get our wonderful pup anyway, overall we are very satisfied.  The digs were pretty decent for the animals as well, and (on the weekend) the place was crawling with volunteers eager to show you an animal or play with one themselves.
5	The Charlotte Humane Society is one of cleanest, most conscientious and most caring facilities I have ever been to. I adopted a puppy there over the summer and the thorough adoption process included finding out what sort of physical surroundings the puppy would be living in, my previous experience with the breed, speaking to my vet, and bringing my other dogs and my family in to interact with the new pup. They were not giving her to just anybody!What I got in return was a wonderful addition to our family who was already spayed, up to date on her shots, and receiving treatment for the worms she had when she was surrendered. The cost was $110 which is hundreds cheaper than I would have spent on the same services. PLEASE GIVE TO THE HUMANE SOCIETY!
3	I am torn about this no-kill shelter. I love that it seems like the employees care for the animals but I have been to better, more up-to date shelters. When you drive up to the humane society it looks very "concentration camp" in looks. It has a low outerwall over which you can see chain link fencing. It was not a happy place.I came here looking for a cat probably more so about considering our options. While we didn't find the perfect kitty we saw many that tugged at our heartstrings. What I noticed about this facilities is that while it was clean it was just kinda run-down. I know they are doing the best they can but compared to the Oregon Humane Society that I have grown up with volunteering at and later adopting numerous family members from, this place is well... just A-ok. I don't know if I would be back but I would recommend this shelter.
5	We just adopted from this establishment and the experience has been most pleasant. They walked walked us through all the procedures and got tons of tips and helpful guides on how to be a good pet companion. We have a gorgeous pure breed boxer who is house/crate trained, obedient and as adorable as can be.
4	In my search for my trustworthy companion, I stopped in at the Humane Society. They have photos of pets online so you can already be familiar of which pets they have. I had a couple of questions before going (looking for a specific type of pooch) and the employees were quick and courteous in their response. You can walk back to the dog area and walk up and down a few aisles looking at all the cute faces; it was difficult to not take them all home. The facility was very clean and there were a lot of employees on hand to walk the dogs and clean their stalls. Overall, this places seems on top of it and their focus is on pet care. If your home is open to any type of dog or dogs that will need extra TLC, make a stop here. Dogs are approximately $110.
4	I've been a volunteer there for coming up on one year. They are a Non-Kill Shelter and do a lot of good work for the community. It's evident that the staff there care about animals and want the best for them. The spay/neuter clinic has been upgraded and is truly quite nice. However, there is some turn-over with the shelter staff which is disappointing. There are some lovely staff members who are pleasant and positive. Unfortunately, I've also observed that a few of the front desk staff are unfriendly and seem overworked or burned out. It's too bad because it does reflect on the shelter. A woman named Cat sends out a weekly email updating volunteers about which animals went home and it is fantastic! I look forward to the email and it's great to read about a furry friend who found their forever-home. The emails are a good way to share information and keep the volunteers feeling apart of the mission. They have a variety of volunteer options so it's easy to find your niche. Overall, it's a good organization with a positive mission. It's worthwhile checking out if you want to adopt a furry friend or donate some of your time to a super cause!
4	In November, we adopted a little ragdoll kitten from the Humane Society of Charlotte. She was healthy for the first 2 or 3 months until she started to show signs of serious illness. When we took her to the vet, we discovered a parasite. Long story short, she died in May from internal bleeding caused from the parasite. The moral of the story is that you take this chance when you adopt an animal from any shelter. In no way is this the Humane Society's fault (they couldn't have known) and they did an awesome job of making sure we knew how to take care of a kitten properly. For the most part their facilities are clean and the animals are healthy. There are a lot of cats and dogs to choose from. The volunteers/staff are really kind and they take the time to let people view the animals. The application process is pretty simple and the prices are lower than other animal organizations. Despite the shady neighborhood surrounding it, this definitely seems to be one of the better animal shelters in the Charlotte area.
4	No-kill shelters are the way to go - adopt!I decided this past weekend to go to the Humane Society website and find out where the calendars that the Panthers did (Football players with adorable critters that go to help a great cause?  Yes, please!) could be purchased.  While I was on the site, I of course checked out the fur-babies that were available for adoption and found the cutest little cross-eyed love bug I have ever seen!Monday, with thoughts of just purchasing calendars and cruising through the adult cat section, I met her and just fell in love.  The facility had some volunteers there that day, as well as some full-time staff.  I found the folks working at the front desk to be incredibly friendly, as were the volunteers with the animals.  The adult cat space, to be as full as it was, was incredibly clean.  Though a tad stuffy (it's summer in Charlotte), they had fans going to keep the critters as comfy as possible.  I was impressed by the accommodations for the cats and how well they seemed to be cared for (although nothing beats a loving, furever home).You walk through where they keep the dogs to get to the cats, and of course it's mostly large breed dogs (puppies grow up, fools, if they have paws as big as dinner plates, they're gonna get big!), but there were a few smaller dogs as well.  The friendly woman who handled my adoption went through the information and materials for me.  Within the adoption packet, there is a certificate for a free medical checkup at a vet on Monroe Rd, as well as a certificate for future work there.  There was a free 30 days of animal insurance card with the same company that tracks the micro-chip, as well as some helpful hints for the care of the cat, including introducing the new addition to existing animals.  The 2 yr old cat that I adopted had already been fixed, tested for FeLV and FIV, microchipped, a round of shots, and a rabies shot.  She was good to go!  I couldn't take her home that day, so I was charged a $25 boarding fee (no big deal, I understand and am fine with giving them money - I already do a monthly donation).  The next day I went to pick her up and she was fresh and lovely and ready to rock.If you don't HAVE to have a kitten or puppy, adult adoption is the way to go.  They are grown, already have developed their personality, and are usually pretty much trained.  Daisy went straight to her litter box and has been an absolute delight (living in an apartment, I find cats so much easier to take care of than dogs that need to be walked and exercised).  They have special needs animals there too, so if you have the time and the heart, what a wonderful way to put some good karma back in the universe.Stop by, pick up a Keep Calm and Adopt t-shirt, a Panthers calendar and a fur-baby - the love they give you back is unbelievable.
5	I am originally from the DC area and this place is like no other humane society I have ever seen before. I am more than impressed! I adopted my sweet Penny Lane from them a month ago. The staff is all very friendly and VERY knowledgeable about each dogs personalities and needs. They are no kill and also do their part to offer low-cost vaccines and adoption fees for those who can't afford the high vet prices in the area. They also offer up to a year of discounted heart worm and flea meds upon adoption. They don't make people jump through hoops and loops to be able to adopt a dog so they make sure more dogs go to homes and not to death. Whittnie was great and such a huge help throughout the process. I recommend this place to anyone I know looking to adopt a new furry friend.
5	What a great experience- they're currently running a $5 kitten adoption special, which includes neutering and the first round of shots, pet health insurance, a free check up from a local vet, as well as a $200 gift certificate to the vet for the second round of shots.So far my little guy seems to be in great health. I definitely recommend adopting here- even if you have to pay the normal $140 adoption fee. It's much less than traditional shots/ neutering.
5	This is a wonderful place where you can tell everyone loves what they do! We got our puppies neutered today at their clinic. Incredibly affordable! If you plan to do use their low cost clinic then make sure you arrive early!
3	We adopted our dog on September 17th and the experience at the shelter was great. They didn't know much about our dog because he had been there for only two days before we adopted him, but all they knew was that he was aggressive towards cats. However, being that he was a bit of a mystery, they reassured us that if we have any problems, we can contact their behaviorist and that they will help us as much as they can. Well, we started noticing certain behaviors from our dog that we couldn't decide whether it was aggression or being overly excited with other dogs so we reached out to the behaviorist. It took him about a week to respond and he didn't help with the case at all. The advice he gave us was to check online at the virtual behaviorist on the ASPCA website. We thought we would get more help from them, seeing that they didn't do a full check-up and diagnosis on him before letting anyone adopt him.
1	This  place had made  so difficult  to adopt a puppy.  After finding a puppy we were told that she had to go to foster home first and would be back in two weeks. After two weeks we came back looking for the puppy and no one knew what we were talking about We offered  to take the puppy before it went to foster but the facility was not flexible. Found two beautiful puppies in craigslist. Local News mentioned how many animals in these type of places are euthanized. But its not because nobody wants to adopt. Its because they place so many restrictions on adopting. By the way. I have had dogs and cats my entire life so I'm  not new to caring for an animal.
