5	Was walking around this strip mall around midnight and saw this place and decided to check it out. The staff was extremely welcoming and friendly! Got the amaretto gelato, which I didn't even knew existed, and it was delicious! Would definitely recommend this place for groups of friends that just want to hang out and eat some gelato. Having wifi here is also a plus to be able to study!
5	Upon entering at 11:55 and them almost being closed, they allowed us to come in. We tried a few flavors and they offered us to try EVERYTHING and we did. My friends both got the amaretto. I got 2 scoops, one grape [which I can never find grape ice cream or gelato anywhere] and the other blackberry. Both were so good that my friends ended up eating some of mine after theirs was gone. The gelato also even had bits and pieces of real fruit in it. We will all definitely be back and SOON! Plus they have wifi! Perfect for studying with a side of fresh gelato.
3	Gelato? In Chinatown? Okay, I'm interested.Unfortunately the gelato here, as Stephanie mentioned, has a consistency and texture more on par with ice cream than gelato. That's not to say it's bad though, just not quite right. Amaretto, chocolate coffee, and tiramisu flavors all stood out. As did the service, which was exceptionally friendly. However, the pricing also stood out: in a negative way though. I found it to be exceptionally high: $4.50 for a single scoop, up to $6 something for two, and over $8 for three. I have no need for more than a single scoop, but they are running a grand opening promotion of 3 scoops for the price of 2.Cups for sizes other than single-scoop are unique and modeled after old-school dessert dishes. All gelatos served with a wafer-like accent that tastes almost like a cookie.Menu also includes coffees, gelato cakes, and they have a pastry case at the register containing cream puffs, tiramisu, fruit tarts, and other baked goods. Pricing on those items seemed comparable to other upscale bakeries in town, higher end for Chinatown.
1	Gelato Bar is a clean spot but their gelato just doesnt hit the mark of being deserved to be called Gelato.. The interior is really clean and comfortable but they do still have a few small kinks to work on. Firstly their gelato a little too cold, as it touches the tongue it almost stings and numbs, after about 2 bites (literally) I had to stop because it was just too cold to eat. Instead of a creamy and smooth consistency, its more hard and icy and breaks off when you scoop it, again most likely because their coolers are too cold. It was so hard in fact when the girl tried to put the wafer crisp in it, she accidentally broke it and had to replace it with a new piece, and while she was scooping it. It had the texture of cheap ice cream left in the deep corner of a freezer for months. Gelato should be soft and smooth. Another thing that Irked me was that upon entering, the girl working there didn't event know the name of their own establishment and said "welcome to... laughed and had to look at the sign... gelato bar." She also had no clue about any of their flavors, and wasn't very helpful. The upside though, their prices are pretty cheap and reasonable and they have a buy 2 get 1 scoop free going on now which is not bad.I was hoping for a new spot to get gelato that was away from the strip and a little closer, but I guess if I want gelato I'm still going to be heading to either forums shop or Art of Flavors..Ending Summary: Clean spot, staff are nice but not very knowledgeable about their own establishment name or products, gelato too hard and icy. 1 star worthy.
5	They have pistachio flavored gelato!! And wow was it awesome! I had that and two scoops of coffee gelato, which was recommended by one one of the girls who works there. They're all so nice their. I like how the owner makes the gelato fresh everyday! I was also told that new flavors were yet to be introduced. Great place with exceptional service!
5	Delicous strawberry gelato! It's so refreshing you could really taste the strawberries!!!
3	Decided to come here at night after dinner with one of my friends just to give it a try. Been seeing that "opening soon" sign for so long that I just had to try it when that darn sign finally disappeared. When we walked in, we were greeted immediately. We were offered to try a sample of their flavors and we were welcomed to try every flavor if we wanted to. We actually did try a good portion of their flavors and we ended up choosing three flavors due to their special. Get three scoops for the price of two. It's a steal right?! These were the flavors we sampled:Grape - I felt like it was a cross between actual grape flavor and candy grape flavor. It was a little odd to me. It was also insanely sweet. I like grape but this was a no go.Amaretto - This was the flavor that I was looking forward to the most but I guess it's either I thought I liked it more than I actually liked it or their version just didn't stick. It was also insanely sweet.Orange - As the associate told us, it tastes like orange dreamsicle and it was pretty close. Strawberry - I normally love strawberry flavor things but for some reason, their strawberry gelato just didn't do it for me. There was something really off about it. Like it tasted like strawberry but didn't at the same time. I wasn't really sure what it was =/ Flavors we actually got:Blackberry - This was new for me. I've never had blackberry flavored ice cream or gelato. And it actually tasted pretty close to blackberry. The only thing is that my friend got really annoyed with the seeds. HAHA and another thing, as I was eating it, I was tasting a different flavor from time to time ... it tasted as if someone sprayed perfume on it...yeah it was really odd. So I started to not like it as much when I tasted that Chocolate Coffee - Possibly their least sweet flavor. THANK GOD. It was pretty good but the combo of the flavors didn't seem very dominant to me. Pistachio - By far, my favorite out of all of the flavors. It tasted like actual pistachios. It even had bits and pieces of pistachio nuts in it. It was yummy!! Overall, nothing particularly special about this place. Nothing sticks out that screams, "YOU HAVE TO TRY IT"... and everything was reallllllly sweet. The only thing worth trying would probably be the pistachio flavor if you like pistachio. Very nice and modern decor though. Seems almost out of place for a gelato bar.
4	Since none of my friends have reviewed this place I guess I will. The gelato here is well done. It is smooth and has really good flavor. The variety of flavors has something for everyone. From coffee, blackberry and whiskey, to a selection of gelato pops. (I think they check ID for the rum raisin and whiskey flavors) overall the gelato is a solid 4 starThe interior Is super clean and has a great amount of tables inside. The biggest drawback for me is the pricing. 1 scoop 4.502 scoops 6.503 scoops 8.504 scoops 9.99It's a bit much in the grand scheme of things. Gelato on this strip may be a bit cheaper. 3.5 stars but I'll round up to 4.
5	First walking into this store everyone is super nice.. and boy does everything look clean and new!The ladies working are extremely nice and unlike most place WANT you to try every single flavor, even after I had my choice she insisted I try more..Now I must say the consistency is different.. some flavors seem to be more of a sherbet or ice cream consistency, but heck I could care less they were all DELICIOUS!When I went Oct 4th they had a buy 2 scoops get one free deal going..I ended up with peach tea, mango & strawberry.  Nom nom nom Nom nom
4	My friend told me about this place and when I walked in, the cashier was very nice and friendly! She let us try all of their flavors , and they were so interesting! I really liked the Oreo flavor~ The interior is really cute and has great decor, would come here again~ Plus, they have free wifi! I marked a 4 because the price was kinda expensive, but since it's Chinatown, what do you expect? Haha
5	Place is real tasty. I went to hot n juicy. I asked if they dessert. She told me to come here. Place is clean and real nice inside. I tried a few flavors but i always just get vanilla. My friend got 3 scoops. I got 1. Total bill was 11 bux. I told them they need to raise their prices.  Some of the other yelpers said it is too expensive. I dont think so. They r just too cheap or poor, either one isn't good for them!
3	After dinner at BBQ, Earl wanted a cookie for dessert.  However, he decided to take us here to try out gelato.The shop is very bright and clean.  We got to try many flavors of gelato and sorbetto.  They currently have a special...by 2 scoops, get one free.  However, the three scoops of gelato have to be in one bowl.  Doesn't matter to me since I am the only one eating the gelato anyways.So after trying out many different flavors, I set my palate on biscotti, peach tea, and coffee (Earl's choice).  They added two wafers in my bowl.  However, the biscotti gelato had small chunks of ice in there.  I was disappointed.  The peach tea however, was very peach tea-y.  I really liked it.  I didn't really eat the coffee gelato.Earl also got a napoleon.  He liked it, I didn't care much for it.The coffee (Danesi Caffe) was really good.  On the strong side, but full of flavor.It's an A-ok for now.  Sorbetto is clean and refreshing, gelato is good minus the chunks of ice...however, this place cannot hold a candle to Art of Flavors.
4	The gelato here is pretty good, the ones we had we're homemade:  coffee, amaretto, pistachios, and peach tea.  A good spot to stop at if you want to take care of that gelato craving.
5	I went here the other night after dinner at Hot N Juicy. I really enjoyed my gelato. It was pretty amazing! The girls working behind the bar kept offering my friend and I different samples of anything. I got to try the amaretto, watermelon, tiramisu, peach tea, and rum. I ended up with peach tea. It was really good, but the more I ate of it, the sweeter it got. I should have ordered the tiramisu! The amaretto tasted really chocolatey. I'm not sure if it's supposed to. I could taste the alcohol in the rum. I was actually surprised that they didn't ask to check id. The watermelon tasted like the artificial flavor. When I mentioned that, the employee immediately said that everything is natural. They don't use any food coloring, and all the flavors are from the actual items. The gelato was a bit pricey at $4.00 for 1 scoop. They do offer 10% off on Thursdays. They also offer free wi-fi, which they freely offer! The password is their telephone number. The employees are very friendly and very eager to help. I just feel that they don't work in sync. They didn't know how to service a bunch of customers. But, that'll probably come with time.
4	Great flavors. The chef/creator was real cool and she basically let us try all the flavors and everything tasted just like what it said. Gotta be 21+ to try the whiskey gelato n the rum raisin and youll see/taste why after trying it. I went with a scoop of the pistachio n a piece of the napolean custard cake dessert. I love pistachio gelato especially the one by Talenti and the  pistachio here, with whole pistachios in it mind you, definitely tops em all. She makes all her gelatos with fresh ingredients and you can definitely taste that. I'm definitely coming back for her watermelon gelato. She said she uses a whole watermelon to make it.
5	As a tourist checking out Chinatown we stumbled upon this place. Joyce, who is amazing, was offering free samples. I think we sampled every gelato and in combimations like chocolate and rasberry. This is one of the best gelato cafes I been to. All the gelato is made in house with all natural ingredients.  They even have whiskey gelato. Its like an italian cafe in the heart of China. They also serve  pastries, crepes, waffles. If your in town and want fair priced delicious gelato with excellent service this is the place.
5	Wow, their gelato is so good! The ladies there were very helpful and  let me sample many of their favors. Bought some macaroons from them too! Highly recommend!
4	First time at the Gelato Bar...We were warmly greeted by the young lady working behind the counter.  She was very sweet and patient while we tried out almost every flavor.My favorite was the pistachio, but because I've been buying the same flavor every time...I decided to go with my 2nd favorite, biscotti.  I didn't really care for the caramel because it tasted more like pumpkin spice and I'm not a big fan of cinnamon.  Hopefully, they'll adjust it so it'll taste more like a regular caramel flavor because I love caramel.
4	Walked in, place is spotless We were greeted by a very nice lady behind the counter. She explained to us that all the flavors are made in house and voluntarily gave us a sample of each flavor as she explained which ones were her favorite!They have board games for people to play as then eat their ice cream!!I love how it's so inviting and the staff is friendly. Very good prices too and the flavors are unique and all amazing!!! Will be back!
5	Best gelato I've ever had. Smooth, natural, and creative flavors. Very clean inside and out. Board games, jenga, mini foosball, battleship, etc. provided for use within establishment. Oh, and free wifi. Who can ask for a better place to hang out.
5	LOVE IT!! Biscotti & Chocolate Hazelnut gelato~ Hazelnut is not very intense in flavor but the Biscotti... Is incredible!!
4	Came here with my parents and we were greeted right away. The lady offered us samples immediately, she even gave us samples of her favorite flavors. The Gelato isn't too sweet like some places where all you feel like you're eating is sugar. She told us that the flavors are all natural and made fresh daily.We ended up sampling almost every flavor. I ended up getting peach tea and coffee and my parents got peanut and rum raisin.The peach tea is amazing! It tastes exactly like an iced peach tea. The peanut was delicious as well, it was like a mix between a peanut butter/peanut taste and the rum raisin is good but also a little odd, I'm not sure if it's because of the rum or because it's gelato, but yeah. The place is very clean as well.This place is also very expensive. 2 scoops was $6.50. So I had two scoops in a cup and my mom had two scoops in a waffle cone ($1) and the total was around $15. Also, they also have carmel, fudge, and strawberry sauce on the side for u to add onto your treat for free if you wanted.
5	Best Gelato I have ever had so far. Customer service is great. They have the best smoothies also. Not over priced. If you get one scoop they give you a big scoop!!! Have to try this place.
5	They were really nice and welcoming here at the Gelato Bar.  The staff lets you try  anything flavor you want.  There is fruit flavored gelatos to coffee and vanilla.  The coffee and vanilla were my favorites.  I would definitely go back here again.  I love this place.
5	Found this place on yelp while I was in Vegas.  This place opened up about 2 months ago.  The gelatos are made with all natural ingredients.  Very tasty. Ordered a 3 scooper which consisted of cookies and cream, pistachio, and coffee.  All were great.  Free wifi and board games.  They also have free toppings if you wish to add on additional sweetness to your gelato.  Place has tv, music, clean tables and a large parking lot.  Also takes credit cards.All in all a great place to satisfy your sweet tooth!  Check this place out and support your local small businesses!!!
4	Gelato Bar is a cozy nice gelato spot in Chinatown.Furniture is much nicer than a typical gelato joint, service is friendly, and portion is generous.OK, maybe the portion is too generous, and it was too much for us to consume three scoops. We would be more thrilled if they could offer smaller portions at a lower cost.We'd appreciate more if we could taste 4 flavors of small scoops rather than 2 flavors of large scoops. Just thinking out loud.
5	OK who doesn't love some boom ass gelato! I came in tonight craving something sweet and was not let down. I was greeted instantly and given multiple free samples. I usually have go to flavors but was given some I would have never picked to sample. I instantly fell in love with the tiramisu. One scoop came in a cute pink reusable bowl with a waffle cookie for about $4.The lady working there was super nice. She told me all about the gelato's and that they are all made in house. If your looking for a cute hang out spot come here! Free wifi and lots of seating.
5	This place has really good quality gelato. The girl working was really nice, accomodating, and generous with samples. We basically sampled everything. She also gave recommendations and tips on what to do in vegas for cheap. Very friendly and enjoyable employee!We got caramelo in a waffle cone, tiramisu in a small cup, strawberry in a small cup, and an affogato. Everything was delicious and were generous portions. I would recommend tiramisu as a must! The affogato is really good too.
5	This place was fabulous! The lady was really sweet and asked if we wanted to try several flavored. They even had a peach tea which I have never seen before. My kids got Oreo and strawberry and I got tiramisu. This place has a lot of seating and free wifi. The owner even gave us a plate of Oreos and my kids loved it and ended up playing foosball for awhile. The price is pretty reasonable. Will definitely come back here again!
5	This place is super awesome! The lady was very sweet and helpful with any questions I had. Lots of fun flavors and all the ones i tryed had a punch of flavor, I tryed pastachio,orange , oreo, and lemon all super good! I would come back here for sure next time in im china town!!
5	Love this place. A wide variety of different homemade gelato flavors made by the owner. Not as rich as Italian Gelato. I don't don't really like rich so this is perfect. Staff is polite & very helpful.
