5	If I had to write a review for EVERYTIME I come here well...anyway. I drive thru pretty much every morning however if the line is too long (Which often times it is depending on who is running it) I will pop in for my Venti no foam latte with 3 sugars in the raw. For those of you who tell me there is no foam in a latte Just zip it there is and Starbucks puts a ton of it in unless you tell them not to OK!Anyhow they are always SO nice there, never a problem...if they make a mistake they always fix it. One day they found out I was buying some coffee for the teacher and so they gave me a bunch of brand new drinks they had made wrong (All hot) and said here give them to the teachers they deserve it! How nice is that?  Ya don't get service like that very often. I found a home for every one of them. I had like 6 coffees plus the two I bought...Anyway very convenient and always friendly!
3	This Starbucks location is one of the busiest in northern Scottsdale (though the location on Shea Blvd is probably worse).  On the other hand the folks inside are wonderful.  I've never had an order mistake and the line moves very fast.  Nice group of Baristas!The parking lot is shared with Good Egg and Subway and it can become very crowded and crazy in the mornings.  I've seen many a luxury car get rear ended in the lot while it's owner is inside getting a latte.  At times the drive-thru (poorly thought out) can wind around the corner ten deep. No exaggeration.So, as they use to say on TV:  "Let's be careful out there, people!"
4	Good Barista. Nice Friendly people. Slow service though.
1	Why is it that people who work at starbucks think its ok for them to ignore customers when they are in a con station with other staffAll I want is a cup of coffee, I don't want to be your friend, you don't need to know my name. I am the only one I the store! It's not like twenty people are here asking for a black coffeeWhen I ask for a black coffee why do you ask if I want room? Room for what ? I want it black!Please Starbucks teach your staff to serve not make friends
3	I have always loved a good upside down iced caramel macchiato at Starbucks and with that said I will continue to go. My only complaint to this one particular Starbucks was the manager. I don't recall her name but she has dark hair and has a hard time smiling. She looks down right miserable. If you dislike your job and you work in the service industry please do the die hard Starbucks customers a favor and leave. Other than that hiccup I will always enjoy my iced drink even though sour puss tries to ruin my experience.
4	Since this Starbucks is right in the middle of North Scottsdale, you gotta expect great service here. Usually, they deliver! (The four stars is in relation to other Starbucks locations, not coffee shops in general.)The staff here is overly friendly, which I prefer (better than unfriendly). Some of the baristas know me by name because I worked close by for a year and a half. The turnover rate is as high as any other Starbucks, but those who know me are pretty familiar with my order, and one guy even asks if I want my "usual." I always love that. Unfortunately, this location has a poorly designed drive-through that is INSANELY BUSY for much of the day. I tried it a few times in the morning and have waited upwards of 15 minutes for a drink. The setup is just a disaster - the line starts to block the whole parking lot, and since people drive like crazies in this complex, you have to be careful and aware when pulling in or out of an area. Just a heads up.But inside, the staff is pretty quick, and I've never had to wait too long for a drink. So if you're in a hurry, going inside during busy times might actually be faster.
5	Very friendly staff! Would be awesome if open a tad later :/
5	I like to get a large iced Caramel Machiato @ the Hayden & Chapparel location in Safeway. I go to the Wellsfargo there to cash my checks, and I'll sometimes stop at the Starbucks kiosk for my drink. Normally when I am there, I see miss Tammy. She's such a sweetheart and makes my drink perfectly! I wish they accepted tips though, I would tip her every time!
1	This is the slowest Starbucks I have ever been to. Third in line and it took 30 minutes to order and get my drinks. Part of the problem was some rookie ordering stupid drinks and part of the problem was the guy working the register was new. They have way to much employee turnover here, you have to wonder what is going on.
2	Only one barista here. Takes FOR EVERYTHING to get your coffee. I do have to say that the barista was very nice and did her best. But ONE employee for this Starbucks??? Really?!
5	Great location and exceptional staff!Wish they would stay open a bit later...Ask for Sterling to make your drink! He always makes it perfect.Try to stay away from the older lady with the blonde pixie cut! She will ask you a million questions that she should already know by how you order your drink!!
5	This location is a great place to get your coffee and go.  They have a drive-through!The staff is consistently friendly, for the most part, as is the coffee consistent.  Beware however, on a peak time, 7:30-8:00 AM, you will be waiting for a very long time & may not be able to cue for the drive-through line due to lack of waiting space.A bonus about this location is that, because they deal with so much customer volume, they are a "designated open" Holiday Store.  Want coffee on Christmas Day?  No problem, they will be open here!
