3	I am a current resident. I like my apartment, I have a nice view overlooking shadyside, I have a big balcony where I keep a gas grill. I have central air conditioning, pool downstairs, and garage parking. Maintenance guys are very nice and usually fix things in a decent amount of time.I am not a big fan of McQuarters Realty. Recently that has been a string of break ins in our parking lot, which the management has done nothing about. There have also been complaints about a lack of parking in the free lot, so they decided to convert some of the free spaces into paid spaces, hoping this would fix the problem.... As a result of both of these problems I ended up paying an extra $60 a month for a garage spot where my car is safer, and I have a guaranteed spot. Overall I am planning on staying here until my residency is done. I just hope they stop increasing the rent....
1	Beware! The staff is not very friendly once you sign your lease, and forget about getting anything fixed.  I am not talking about just a mninor thing like a window treatment (that took 9 weeks to fix) but the larger items such as leaks they just ignore and do not correct.  Trust me I am a current tenant and they refuse to fix my apartment that floods everytime it rains!
3	I rented with McQuarters about a year ago in Greenfield and had a mostly pleasant experience.  Management and maintenance were always very friendly and the apartment and building were well maintained.  Rents are pretty expensive for the area, but I did feel that I got what I paid for.  My one major complaint is that, near the end of my lease, brokers repeatedly entered my apartment with potential future tenants without warning.  Fortunately I was there twice when they arrived, but I can't help assuming that this happened many other times.  They eventually fixed this problem and began calling ahead of time, but it left a very unpleasant taste in my mouth.
1	We lived in Essex House for over 4 years and had a nightmarish time dealing with the management. The apartment was well located and the maintenance folks are a friendly bunch. However the experience with the management was horrible. While we were at the apartment, our carpets had been worn out while signing the lease and we were promised that the carpets would be changed soon; 3 years later and after severe allergies due to the bad carpet; we had to beg for carpet change and after visiting the management office every week for 4 months; our carpets were changed. My lease ran until end of April and unfortunately I had to leave Pittsburgh due to work situation in December. I informed the management of the new development and requested for early termination of the lease. Gina, the manager, said that there was nothing they could do to let us go in December but the best they could do was to let us go by end of March without paying a cancellation fee. I left the apartment accordingly and when I followed up with the management, I am told that no refund would be provided! Gina also mentioned that the discussion of letting us go in March had never happened. The best part of the story is here; when I ask to speak to her management or the owner of the property, she says "I am the manager, there is no one above me to question what I do!" For an incorporated company, having a single manager make decisions based on her whims and fancies is scary! All I can do now is to remind Gina that Karma is a b****!
