5	CrossFit Las Vegas is unlike anything you've experienced in a globo gym.  If you are interested in becoming fit, having more energy and in general just feeling better this is the program for you!  You have to try it to believe the difference.  Once a month they have "share the pain" where you can try it for free so there's no excuses. Just do it.  You won't believe the results.  I have been going for only 6 weeks and already I am seeing dramatic improvements in my performance.  I'm hooked.
5	CrossFit Las Vegas is unlike anything you've experienced in a globo gym.  If you are interested in becoming fit, having more energy and in general just feeling better this is the program for you!  You have to try it to believe the difference.  Once a month they have "share the pain" where you can try it for free so there's no excuses. Just do it.  You won't believe the results.  I have been going for only 6 weeks and already I am seeing dramatic improvements in my performance.  I'm hooked.
5	It is very rare you come across a gym that has both an exceedingly caring and knowledgeable staff as well as a true sense of community amongst its members.  Don't be fooled, this place will kick your ass. But for that ass-kicking, you will not find a better equipped and better staffed CrossFit gym in Las Vegas.
5	If you are a crossfitter in Sin City avoid the buffets, and hit up CFLV.  They have an amazing facility just south of the strip (walking distance from Mandalay Bay area) with great coaches.  Its a crossfitters nightmare to go on vacation and not have a good box to get a WOD in.  CFLV has you covered!
5	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Availability of sessions throughout the week. Workout music is hardly updated. LIKE  The simple layout and size of the gym.LOVE  The motivational, highly skilled trainers. The various Workouts of the Day (WODs). Movements are scalable to any weight, disability or fitness level. Sense of community among its members. Ability to keep track of progress through actual whiteboard or Beyond the Whiteboard computer program. Availability of a microwave and refrigerator for pre- and post-workout nutrition.
5	WHOOO!!! I love this place!!!!!! It is amazing! everyone is great fun to be around, the trainers are skilled and knowledgeable!! I place is small but functional! Well laid out, and plenty of equipment! They also like to take the workouts outside weather permitting! They play tag sometimes too!  they always are making the  work out fun but challenging!! They do a Share the Pain every month were you can come on in and see what goes on around the gym and if you like it then you can decide to join it! Just check out their website for all that information. crossfitlasvegas.com
5	This is the best work out experience I have ever had! I am starting from scratch and these guys are helping like no other workout facility has. It is hard and they expect a lot of you....but they are motivators and the other members are so helpful. No matter the skill or fitness level, everyone seems to want others to succeed. They cheer you on and stop to help without hesitation! I am achieving gains in fitness I ahve dreamed of for decades!
2	Great Open floor plan. This gym is huge for a crossfit gym. But every time I drop in there for a work out it gets more and more of a LVAC atmosphere.  The instruction is good if you get the right trainer. Some wont notice you if they don't know you, where as others are right on top of you making sure that every technical move you make is correct. The classes can be kinda big but they have enough equipment to support larger classes. So if you get in on the right day at the right time you could be getting great instruction and a great workout. But for the price I would expect a more steady level of instruction and not just the trainers helping their friends. But for a drop in from time to time its not too bad.
5	I've been working out at CFLV for almost 2.5 years now and couldn't imagine going anywhere else! The workouts are programmed to promote overall health, fitness, and results. The coaches encourage their athletes throughout the work out and even through community outreach! The classes are programmed to accommodate all skill levels and with the new location/management they are even offering a Barbell Class (weight training). Not only are the coaches amazing, but so are all the members. I consider many of them amongst my closest friends and love being able to workout with them every week! Bottom line: THIS GYM IS AMAZING!
5	I have been working out at Crossfit Las vegas for almost a full year now and absolutely LOVE this crossfit community. The gym is in a huge space with lots of equipment and a variety of different coaching techniques. Whether you want to get fit, lose some weight, work on your gymnastics skills, your olympic weightlifting skills, or get stronger, they have something for everyone. The best part about CFLV to me is the community that comes with it. The gym has wonderful trainers who actually care about your well being and are there to answer anything you'd like them to. Not only are the trainers wonderful people but the members there have helped to push me to do things I never thought possible. I am fitter than I've ever been in my life and it is all thanks to my friends over at CFLV. Keep up the good work guys!
5	I had the pleasure of visiting CF LV while on vacation last week and although I didn't workout there (stomach virus yuck) Joe did take time out of his day to talk to me and answer quite a long list of questions I had about his gym. If you're in the Vegas area and you are looking for a gym that is professional and welcoming with a very strong and supportive community, then you can't do any better than CrossFit Las Vegas. -Great Space-Variety of Classes-Trainers were at one point gym members who then wanted to become coaches so they're passionate and committed-Family fun events (BBQs, batting cages, bowling)-A welcoming place for all types of people regardless of previous experience or athletic/fitness goals
4	Great Open space, and if you sign up ahead of time on their website, you are IN and don't need to waste time filing out paperwork and stats.  I appreciate Joe personally emailing me the status of my registration, and Mike was my group-led Trainer for both Friday and Saturday's WOD's.  Learned new Stretches that I'll incorporate at my Box in Mission Viejo, California, but as a visitor, I felt welcomed and had enough of the instructor's attention taken to correct my form or lessen the weight when needed.  They have the ability to have up to 15 participate during a group class, and partnered up with some of the locals who helped me out if I didn't know exactly where the equipment was, or critiquing a lift.  Thank you CFLV!  I felt right at home, and my muscles are thanking you as I write... Keep up the good work!
5	Joe Marsh is doing a great job in explaining all of the movments and keeping us from injuring ourselves.  I'm in the on ramp course which is an intro to cross fit and helps establish proper form for the movements.  The end of each day is a highly intense workout which always kicks my butt, but its totally worth the whooping to feel stronger!  I highly recommend at least the on ramp (that's all I have experience with) for anyone who either has or will have fitness and strength training as a part of their life!
5	I had the lucky chance to score a Living Social voucher to attend CrossFit Las Vegas's On Ramp introductory session.  It is definitely introductory, but the WODs are still pretty intense and you get a pretty good work out.  My OnRamp buddies were pretty lucky because our group got Joe Marsh as our instructor.  He definitely knows his CrossFit!  He was able to teach us all of the right form and techniques for the majority of the CrossFit exercises as well as any progressions if we could not physically do the exercise yet.  He even taught us different ways of stretching to help the tense muscles you get from CrossFit work outs.  He likes to quiz the class to ensure that everyone knows the answers and he has a way of getting everyone in the class involved and pumped to get a good work out.I definitely enjoyed the OnRamp session and plan to join CrossFit Las Vegas on my next paycheck.  CrossFit is not your normal workout regimen, it's definitely going to be a change of lifestyle and I can't wait to begin that journey with CrossFit Las Vegas!
5	$10 Visitor drop in rate if your coach emails them to let them know you're dropping by... overall one of the largest and most spacious CrossFit boxes in the country that I've ever seen... if you're looking for a great workout to squeeze all those toxins out from a night in Sin City, then CrossFit Las Vegas is a good place to do so.
5	What can I say, this place is like a second home.  I've been a CFLV member for 2 years now and I am in the best shape of my life.  The coaches are amazing and highly motivating.  You always feel like you're part of a team, yet the competitive element of CrossFit keeps you challenging yourself to work harder.  Everyone encourages each other to do well and that makes each and every workout feel great, no matter how hard it is.The gym itself is HUGE.  The workouts are scaled to your level so that anyone can do them.  When I started, I couldn't do one pull-up, and now I can bust them out like I'm GSP.  I highly encourage anyone to give it a try.  I guarantee you will be hooked.
5	I dropped in as a visitor with my boyfriend last Friday for the 9am class. Vili checked us in at the front and got us ready to go. He was also our trainer for the class. I loved that there was only 5 of us taking the class. 9am is pretty early for Las Vegas. The space was big, they also had a lot of equipment. The WOD involved Tabata. It was a great work out, high intensity. Vili was a great trainer and coached me one on one when he had the chance. He was also encouraging towards everyone. Since my boyfriend and I have a house in Vegas we will definitely be back!
2	Was visiting and my buddies from home wanted me pick to them up a crossfit las vegas shirt. Plus I grew up in Vegas, so I wanted to find a gym that I could send my local friends to. I don't remember the guys name but he was not helpful at all. He seemed super unfriendly and didn't really care about selling me a shirt. He was teaching a class so I can understand him being pre-occupied but that doesn't mean you can be rude. I fell in love with crossfit because of the environment and the people. In my opinion that atmosphere is a reflection of the owner/trainers. I didn't get a shirt
5	Okay. I have been a member of CFLV for almost 6 months now and should have written the kind of review that it deserves months ago. It is the continued outstanding leadership of the owner and the relationships that I have formed with the other members that has compelled me to finally write this review. So here it goes:I moved to Vegas in January 2013 and didn't know a single person in this city. I had been doing CrossFit for a little over a year and knew that my first step (before purchasing a bed or ya know, finding a job) was to find what would be my next CFit gym. I simply Google'd 'CrossFit Las Vegas' and whataya know. CFLV was the first to pop up on my search. I didn't even look around the site, research yelp reviews or anything - just needed to find the hours of operation and a contact. I sent the owner (Joe) an email and he told me to drop-in the next day during his class. (10AM).Now, as outgoing and fearless as I am, I was really nervous. To the point that I almost didn't go. It took the encouragement of the coaches from my previous gym and texts from all of my friends to convince me to actually show up. The 10AM class that day was pretty small, about 7-10 people (3 of which ended up becoming my best friends). Everyone was super friendly and inviting and the WOD was killer. Joe asked my thoughts when it was over and I told him that I was pretty convinced CFLV would be my new box. He encouraged me to try some other places, making sure I knew that there were gyms much closer to me..And that's when I knew this gym was unlike any other. Joe wasn't worried about another dollar sign coming through the door, he genuinely cared about the people and making sure they got what they needed out of CrossFit.Two weeks went by and I still hadn't found a job so I hadn't returned to sign up and pay my first month of membership. I had to use what little money I had on things like food and gas (so annoying) and I felt CrossFit calling out to me every morning when my alarm went off and I knew I should be heading to 6AM class. One afternoon I got an email from Joe, asking if I had been able to find a gym and how my transition to Vegas was going. That's when I was sold. Not only did this place care about me in regards to CrossFit, I was clearly valued as a person as well. I emailed back and told him he'd be seeing my bright, smiling face the very next day because even though I hadn't visited any other gyms, I felt confident I was making the right decision. I took a trip to Coinstar that night and showed up for his 10AM class the next day. Over the last few months as my jobs and schedule have changed, I am no longer able to make Joe's 10AM classes. I bounced back and forth between 830AM and 6AM before finally settling on the suicide hour of 6. Michael Ty became my regular coach and this guy seriously knows his stuff. He's tough and he may play Country music to irritate you, but his athletic and coaching ability are unmatched by any other gym that I've ever been to. The quality of training seen at CFLV in general is unlike any other that I've experienced. It's simply, elite. A few months ago I injured myself and my CFit career hasn't been the same since. I continued to push and keep up my 4-5x/week regimen before my body threw up the white flag. I have since taken the last 2 months off but kept my membership going in hopes that one day I would magically wake up healed. No such miracle has occurred yet, but I digress. Money became an issue and I was seriously considering putting my membership on hold as it was no use to me. Joe got wind of this and immediately reached out to me. He has since become an integral part of my rehab and re-dedication to CrossFit and I couldn't be more grateful. He has proven yet again that he cares about every single one of his members.Whether you're just in town to visit, new to town, or a Vegas native - consider stopping by CrossFit Las Vegas. It is full of friendly people who are always looking to expand their family of friends. (And give you a good ass-kicking in the process)!
4	Good place for a heck of a workout.  Not really into cross fit but its good for cross training if done right.  I enjoy the fast paced, push your self workouts though and you will definetly get pushed. Check it out but go with an actual understanding of what cross fit really is.
5	Great crew, great instruction and great workout. I'll be back here whenever I'm in Vegas. Thanks
4	Check them out. Good oly area/set up, had that gritty feel. Friendly staff and nice equipment.
5	Wonderful box. Staff was great, class was a lot of fun, and members were really friendly!
4	Worked out at the 6am class while in Vegas for work.  It was great to be able to WOD while traveling.  Everyone in the class was very nice and I got a great workout.  The gym is co-located with another gym / weightlifting facility.  At the time I visited 8/2014 the front room / lobby area was under construction.
1	I've never attended this box, nor would I ever. And maybe it's a bit unfair to judge the entire gym off of my experience with one coach, but I am about to be in Vegas for week long conference and was looking to drop into a box while traveling. Crossfit Las Vegas had been the first result in my search so I browsed the website to find more information about what to do when visiting. As stated, they ask that you complete an online waiver, as well as create an account to register for the classes. The information they obtained was the general name, number etc. as well as which coach you'd like to train with which of course I have no idea as I've never been. A little while later, I had received a voice mail from Joe telling me that he saw that I had registered online and was interested in getting started with Crossfit Las Vegas. Had then returned his call and got his voice mail in return, yet let him know that I would only be visiting and would love to hear more information about what was needed to drop in as a visitor. A few hours pass and I had missed a call from Joe yet again (this was during the day while I was at work), and proceeded to immediately call him back. When he picked up the phone I said something along the lines of Hey this is Brandy, I had inquired about coming to CFLV while in town, and he said oooh yeah, I didn't mean to call you the second time, I dialed the wrong number..... (what I took from that, sorry, was never going to call once you said you weren't signing up for a membership). Afterwards, it was almost like pulling teeth to get the information I had initially wanted, and could tell he thought he had better things to do with his time.Maybe it was an off day for him? maybe they don't like visitors? Either way, in my experience, Crossfit encompasses so many things. It's a business but it's also a community, and I'd rather not waste my time or money being somewhere that doesn't make you feel wanted.
