3	This is a tiny Starbucks and it locations like this (although cute) makes you wonder if your really meant to hang out or just grab your coffee and leave. Leaving is always a good idea at this location anyway since you have a nice fountain in the back with benches and it is a central part of the Waterfront Shopping. Starbuck isn't my favorite coffee chain by any means. Is it just me or do all Starbuck coffees taste a little burnt and bitter? No matter how trendy, cool and upscale their establishments are I can't get around the yicky tasting bitterness of Staryucks regular coffees. Talk about over roasting a bean...Maybe something has changed with their regular coffee but I have not drank it in about a year. I am not one for soy caramel latte foofy stuff. Still I'll give the establishment tres estrellas for the fact that their espresso is acceptable and doesn't taste half as bad as the regular coffee bean.
5	Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
3	Mmm...peppermint mochaIn my quest to visit every Starbucks in the USA I have stopped at yet another location.  This one is located in the center of a circle road -- very cache and in a newer part of the area.
2	Typical Starbucks coffee chain. 2 things I dont like about this Starbucks: 1. Ive been there twice and both times the place has been dirty, compared to the other Starbucks I have been in.2. If you have to use the bathroom, they give you a key thats attached to this nasty bottle. Im pretty sure they dont clean that bottle after every use or even nightly.Aside from that, good coffee and fast/friendly service.
2	If there was ever a "get your coffee and go" Starbucks, this is it. Right in the center of the Waterfront, this Starbucks has no sofa, comfy chairs, only table seating. I love the baristas here, But I don't like the location of the building.
3	This is a typical Starbucks. The coffee is good but the store is suprisingly dirty.
3	I have to agree with Joe on this one.  The baristas are extremely friendly, and the service is great, but the fact that there are no comfy chairs or couches is very unwelcoming.  I do think however that the building is beautifully ans strategically located in the center of the shopping.  I just wish they had better seating.
3	I just realized they remodeled this one recently-ish. Well, in my world recently because it's been a while since I've been here.They've added more seating which makes it way more conducive to having a meeting here. Which is my concern during the week. I imagine during the weekend it just fills up with tweens getting their sugar rush before hitting the movie theater. The coffee, or tea for me.. Is still same old same old. I don't imagine one single Starbucks will break the mold and make original drinks...
5	Great location!  Close to shops and theatre.  Nice staff.
4	Regarding quality of beverage, this is just your average Starbucks. I can't complain but am not blown away either. However, I really like the location of this shop, which is located in the center of The Waterfront's specialty retail shops. Though in the midst of a lot of retail, the surrounding area is very picturesque with pretty green grass, flowers, and a fountain. Hanging out here is very relaxing.
4	I love the location of this Starbucks, which is why I'm giving it 4 stars. It's right smack in the middle of clothing stores, the Loews movie theater, as well as restaurants. I love grabbing a mid afternoon latte here on a Saturday while perusing various stores such as the Gap or Loft. I also like coming here before or after a movie for a quick caffeine jolt.While the drinks are the same as you would find at any Starbucks, the baristas and staff are really friendly, perhaps more so than other area Starbucks. My drink or choice when I come here generally in the mod afternoon is a venti (or trenta...) berry hibiscus refresher. Yum! It is the perfect afternoon pick-me-up that leaves me feeling refreshed and hydrated.
2	This Starbucks is teeny-tiny!Seating inside is VERY limited.  This is a Starbucks to grab and go and continue your shopping at the Waterfront.Baristas are friendly and fast.
3	As far as Starbucks go, this is a pretty nice one.  The baristas are friendly and while I was here, a lot of regulars must have come in, because they bantered away with almost everyone.  The bathroom was clean and well maintained and the trash wasn't overflowing in the canisters around the store.  The pastries looked fresh, but I didn't partake.  The noise level was also at a nice working level - not too loud, music just barely audible.I do wish there was more seating.  It is nice that this location has a counter at the end of the bar for sole workers, but it doesn't replace more tables.  I'm sure this isn't as much of a problem in the summer when there's the space outside.There was a treat receipt promo going on, but the barista didn't tell me about it, which I found odd.  Usually when they have promos like that going on, they ask everyone if they want their receipt to come back later in the day to claim whatever the offer is.  Today it was one of their new pastries for $1, I know in the summer they do $2 grande iced drinks with that morning's receipt.Overall, nice working or socializing environment.  Very friendly and inviting.  It's what I've come to expect from Starbucks, so points for consistency.
2	I'm not a huge fan of this location. I think that it was oddly built- the small, alley-like front makes it difficult to get past people on your way to/from the bathroom or tables when it's busy. And there's hardly any tables to sit at. Furthermore, people tend to clog the front on their way in, which makes things particularly difficult (especially in the winter weather). The staff were pretty impersonal to be, but maybe that was due to the high traffic of the place and the time I was there. And the coffee that I had was cold- I'm sure it was probably the bottom of the batch. I'd probably only walk in here again if someone else suggested it before or after a movie or while we were shopping in the area.
5	This Starbucks is 5-Star Friendly. The shift supervisor Lucious keeps the energy in there moving and light. He recently helped me with a merchandise return and embodied everything a good manager and all around mensch person should - patience, kindness, generosity and fairness. I left that afternoon loving Starbucks even more than when I went in. It's great that a company and their employees can be as loyal to their customers as their customers are to them.
5	I am always so pleased with the customer service here. For such a tiny Starbucks, the do a really great job serving the masses that come in there and still manage to take the time to be friendly in the midst of the frenzy. Outdoor seating in the summer is nice.
