5	It feels kind of weird yelping about a towing operation, but I had the unfortunate need last night. Friday night, 9 pm, parking lot on the strip, car won't start. I'm thinking "damn, it's time to get gouged by a tow truck, and have the pleasure of waiting forever. I did a quick search on my phone, Quick Tow actually had some pretty good reviews and it looked like their home address wasn't toooo far away. I call, they said it would be about an hour, bummer. They also said it would be $75 for the hook up and $5 a mile after that. A few minutes later I get a call from the driver saying he'll be there in 10 minutes. Boom, from the time I make my 1st call to truck arrival, less than 30 min. Driver friendly, helpful, all around cool. As we leave the parking lot, I set my odometer ( I had a working car there too) to see if I'm going to get forked on the mileage. We went 3.1 miles. I'm thinking they would say since it's over 3 miles we have to charge an additional 5 bucks. Nope! Total charge on a Friday night in freaking Las Vegas was $90 dollars.  It sucks having to have your car towed, but these guys were on their game. Professional, quick (just like their name says, crazy, huh?) friendly, fair, and no BS. It really helped my mood to have such service, highly recommended.
5	Had a good experience with them after a horrible experience with another. They had good prices too $45 pick up.
5	If you're compelled to yelp about a towing company, it must mean the experience was either very good or very bad.  Luckily for me, the former is true.Quick Tow is awesome.  David is the gentleman that took my call and he is one of the most genuinely friendly people I've ever had the pleasure of dealing with in the customer service industry.  Not to mention very knowledgeable - he knew the cross streets of a really obscure address off the top of his head!They are very reasonably priced, can take credit card payments over the phone (if, like me, you are calling out of state to arrange a tow in Las Vegas), and are, as they say, quick!  Highly recommended, I hope they stay in business a long time.
1	Don't count on them to show up on time or communicate with you. I was told 1 hour...two hours later, I called them (no, they didn't call me) to find out what was going on. I was told, "another hour" for the tow. A 3 hour wait at the side of a highway? And no phonecall to let me know? Sorry, I find that unacceptable. I called another company. I would rather give my money to a place that follows through and cares about customer service.
5	Quick Towing is great. I had some work done on my car,but needed more done and I didn't have that extra cash so I had to get my car towed back home. Unfortunately for me I also took my keys. That meant that whoever I got to tow my car would have to come by my house to get the keys. Not only did Quick Tow stop by my house to pick up the keys before they towed my car, the total cost of the tow was only $100 and the service was very friendly and professional.
5	car needed to be towed to shop after waiting for one truck i finally gave up and called quick tow they estimated a hour wait but showed within 20 mins...thanks guys for getting me to the shop before closing time aswell
