4	So you are coming to Vegas, this could mean several things: first, you have the misguided conception that it is ok to have a family vacation here. What this really means is you couldn't find a baby sitter for your kids when you want to get crazy with your wife (or not with your wife) in Sin City. Seriously people, don't bring your kids to Vegas. (This warning aside, I suppose this place would be a pretty decent choice if you have some tykes in tow). Second, it could mean that you have a lot of green that you feel like burning through at the tables. Ok, well in this case you will be staying in one of the packed major casinos in a plush-ass hotel room, so forget this review. Thirdly, you may either be just passing through or you are a budget gambler (a.k.a. High-roller want to be like me). In this case, you have made the right choice: the Super 8 is clean, has air conditioning, and the bed wasn't rock solid. You can book it on-line and most importantly, it is cheap. What you lose is a close proximity to the Strip: this baby is at least 20 min drive from the major casinos. Personally, I think it is worth it.
1	I don't like giving out 1 star, but this place really earned it. I showed up at 3:30 am, after sitting 6 hours at the airport to find out American Airlines canceled my flight. First thing I notice is that there is no attendant at the front desk, because he is out front smoking. That's fine everyone needs a break, I wait about 5 minutes and he gives me a room.Second thing I notice is that I walk into a room that includes a loving couple sleeping like babies. Well it's almost 4 am, so why shouldn't they be. I quitely leave and ask for another room at the front desk. I know these things happen, especially with the budget accomodations, so I got my key and went to my new room.Third thing I notice, which earned this one star is the fishy smell in the room. How do I know it's a real fishy smell and not a fake one? Well I drive by the DC fish  market on the way to and from work everyday. I know fishy when I smell it, and this place was fishy. I don't know why the place smelled like rotten fish, Lake mead is kind of far away, and there's very little water in the lake.Skip this place, go stay at Excaliber, costs about the same. Oh and never fly AA.
4	THEY ARE PET FRIENDLY!!!!!!When no one in Vegas would take me and my four legged companion....Super 8 Motel did.When every hotel on the strip was booked solid on 4th of July, (because someone decided she might want to spend the night as she was passing through)....Super 8 Motel had one room left with a big sign that read "NO PETS" but they gave it to me and my pet ANYWAY.  Their customer service in person and on the phone was outstanding!Yeah their rooms are your average Motel rooms, no frills, no bells but clean and under 100 bucks. If you compare them to some of the 5 star hotels, they probably don't add up...and if you're on some romantic get-a-way this isn't the place to stay...but if you're traveling cross country with your furry best friend and need a place to crash for a night....this is a great place to stay.
4	One of the nicer super 8 motels I've stayed in..  Not much far off the Luxor!
4	It gets a four out of five as far as motels are concerned. It's not the Hilton, but it's a step up from the local inn. The rooms weren't half bad in all honesty. What you'd expect and maybe even a little more. I was recently put up in a room there that had a kitchen and little seating area. Smelled a little funny, but like I stated earlier, motel.
1	So many bad things, I can't even think of where to start. The girl at the front desk seemed nice enough to start with, but everything changed after we got to our first room. The room was a total mess: bed sheets tossed around, trash on the floor, and cash sitting on the desk. I went back to the front desk and told her that our room wasn't clean, no apologies from her just a second room key. Room #2: air conditioner broken, ants in the bathroom, and no towels. Front desk reaction: "What's the matter now?". Room #3 was the best of the worst, so we stuck with it. The decision to stay at this location was called into question at 2:30am when there were loud noises outside of our door and who is there? The front desk girl chatting with some guy. Horrible experience.
1	I have definitely stayed at worse hotels.  That said, it was pretty bad.Yes, I know it's a cheap Super 8, but the website lied, it was kind of dirty, and there were some red flags.PROs+ It was cheap.+ It was a good location for hitting Valley of Fire State Park.+ Parking was free.+ A short walk to I-Hop...cuz you're going to need to eat breakfast somewhere.+ The AC worked and wan't super loud.+ Good water pressure in the shower.+ The girl who checked us in was nice, and was able to  scrounge up a couple extra pillows since theirs are super hard and flat.+ We checked under the mattress for bedbugs and dead hookers, and found neither.CONs- FYI, if you look at the picture on their website, they show a nice, slightly photo-shopped looking lobby.  That's not their lobby and never was.  It's a Korean BBQ that's now vacant.- The website says they serve a continental breakfast.  I'm not sure what continent they're talking about, but it's bad coffee and a juice machine with nothing else.- The website also says they have free WiFi.  However, they girl at the front desk told us they can barely get a signal IN the office, but we definitely weren't going to get a connection in the room.- The room, especially the bathroom, was a little yick.  Lots of dust, stains, etc.- We had to ask for extra pillows because theirs are really, really flat (see above).  She was able to find a couple for us, but they smelled vaguely smokey.- Several of the rooms have noticed posted in the window that they had been shut down by the Southern Nevada Health District (see photo).  I couldn't figure out from an internet search what the violations actually were, but it can't be good. *shudder*- The second time I took a shower, I turned on the water and it was dark brown for several seconds.  I hate to even think why.It was cheap, we didn't get robbed, and we didn't come back with bedbugs, so it was survivable for a couple of days.  If you're fine being lied to and sleeping next to a room condemned by the health department, this should do just fine.
2	CONS-Room 229- A/C unit sounded like a tank and knocked louder than hell. I booked on price line.com because of the "pet friendly" rating. When I checked in, the front desk told me it was a $15 per night, per pet deposit! Nothing about that on the website. Lots of seedy looking characters walking around at night. Only one towel provided, and told "we don't have enough linen" to give extra, or a pillow. Wifi connection sucks, and is super slow.Pros- cheap. Lots of parking. Room was pretty clean.
