4	of course i fancy myself a pizza expert and i have to say if you haven't had the pepperoni pizza here your missing a little slice of heaven. i love thin pizza and this is the one that's right every time i get it. for consistency they get an a plus for the dining room and service sorry its about average.
5	this is my absolute favorite pizza place in fort mill. none of the pizza places that have commercials have anything on this place. its always fresh and made to perfection. not to mention its only 5mins from my house, their customer service is great and they have a variety of different foods to choose from. plus its not expensive. kudos to them.
1	We loved this place when  it first opened.  That was until one day I brought a pie home and as soon as I opened the box it had a big clump of dark hair on it (my hair is buzzed and not the same color).  It wasn't one hair, but a large clump.  I have since gone to other places in the same strip mall, and noticed "C" sanitation grades on the door of Carmella's on numerous occasions.  I would be careful about eating here.  At least check their grade before going:http://www.scdhec.gov/healthy-living.htm
2	i used to like it here. until they messed up every to-go order i've placed. and getting flustered that i arrive earlier than expected to pick it up.
3	My review of Carmellas has to fall somewhere in the middle of all the other Yelpers' experiences.  My family and I regularly go here before going to Charlotte Knights games.  There's nothing like a thin, greasy, slice of New York inspired pizza.  The pizza has always been good.  The cleanliness...not so much.  I am also thrown off by the sometimes "sketchy" service.  It never seems to be the same...and the servers sometimes appear "on edge".  Overall, it's not a bad experience...or...should I say...it hasn't been yet.  I usually order a pepperoni pizza...and will do my best to never order a topping that remotely sounds like the word "hair".
3	You want to take a shot of jager on a... let's say Wednesday, at like... noon, well, you found the right place!Welcome to the dark side of mankind, or at least that's how I felt being there, observing several heavy drinking patrons in the middle of the day during my lunch break.  The place is dark, they even tinted the windows.  The "decor" (if I can even call it that) was confusing, bar on one side, the other side looks like Chucky Cheese (minus all the games).It's a typical hole in the wall place.  They have a decent pizza lunch special ($4.75 2 slices with a drink).  I ordered a philly cheesesteak (half).  It's a pretty big half, but unfortunately, it looks and smell better than it tasted.  Kind of plain.  The seasoned waffle fries were better, even though they're definitely frozen and bought in bulk from some food supplier.  I see that they have 50cents wings night, dollar pizza slice night, karaoke on Fridays and other "special."
5	Their pizza is what I have been looking for ever since moving to NC from PA.  Its the really good thin floppy fold it up and eat it kind of pizza.  The atmosphere reminds me so much of small little italian pizzerias that run throughout Philly and NJ.  Wonderful food. We got there about 11:40 for lunch and by noon there was quite a line and most of the tables were filled.  Go a little early and have your pick of tables.
2	If you put a sign in the window that says "world's best cheesesteak" your Philly should at the very least be decent. Pizza was old, dry, and had no taste at all. We ordered carry out but it took at least 20 minutes to receive our food. Meanwhile we waited in the dinning area and should have taken a hint when we were the only people there. The music was so loud from the jukebox you couldn't even hear one another talk. On our way out it appeared that the place was getting ready to be hit up (not the best location area), so we quickly ran to our car and will never go back. This was actually the S. Tryon location -hopefully Ft. Milli is better.
3	We were on our way to the Knights game and Capt. Steve's for some reason was closed on a Sat. night (vacation maybe?).  We drove down a bit and I remember driving by Carmellas a few times.  My kids like pizza so here we are.Upon walking in, it seems a bit sketchy.  Let me set the scene....you walk in and the Jukebox is playing WAY too loud, and the music is like "house boomy type music" you know, like I just stepped into BAR CHARLOTTE?  Alas, no pole or anything but you know what I mean.  There is a bar section on the left hand side and for a 5:30 on a Sat. evening, there were people drinking and carrying on like it was last call I was waiting for someone to call out over the PA "If you sitting stand, if you're standing get the hell out".  On the right was like a twilight zone....completely transformed and is a sit down section with families eating pizza.  We pass by a few arcade games, foosball table and sit down.Their menu is quite diverse with everything you'd want to see pizza, specialty pizzas heros, pasta dishes, the works.  We ordered a white pizza and I had a calzone.  All were surprisingly good.  My little one who, frankly, doesn't eat hardly anything scarfed down 2 slices of pizza while this may not mean anything to you,  to me it means the pizza was spot on!  My calzone was typical chock full of ricotta, mozz, ham and mushroom.  Good flavor.  The food, like I said was good.The service was very good.  Others have found it non existent but they must have fixed the issue or at least they did last night.  Our server was upbeat, helpful and was attentive without being overbearing.  Our food came out lightning quick and we were in and out within an hour which put us right on time for the game.I can take or leave this place, the food was OK but there are better places in the area for similar food.  I think Carmellas needs to establish it's identity and stick to it.  All in all, it wasn't bad.
4	Great place to grab a slice to go.  I'm from the NY area and this pizza comes pretty darn close.  Love to find places where you can just buy by the slice.
4	So I always heard Carmellas was a decent place that the locals in the regent park area frequented.  Kitchen was closed at the golf course so we stopped in.Opened the door and totally not what we were expecting.  MOP ante up blasting on the speakers and it was gangster. Effin awesome.  Though i started to suspect the food.  I mean MOP and italian food with a name like Carmellas can't clearly go together can they?  Well apparently the decently priced beer and the cheap Stromboli with decent gravy ( sauce) blew my socks off.  I left there fat, pockets still fat, and happy.  I will definitely swing in again
3	Before we ventured out to Scarowinds we stopped in for a quick bite. I thought the place itself was just fine. I didn't notice blaring music (it was 6pm on a Saturday evening), and there was a clear divide between the dining area and the bar- making it family friendly. The menu is huge - everything from burgers to pasta/pizza to gyros. I ordered the chicken parm which came with a salad and pasta on the side. I really enjoyed the salad - the ranch dressing was homemade and it had some nice pepper jack cheese sprinkled on top. As far as my main dish I found that their sauce was too sweet for my liking - and there wasn't a whole lot of chicken in the dish , it was mainly the "side" of pasta that came with it. The chicken itself was really good so I was dissapointed to find the side made up the bulk of my meal. I had a bite of the strombolli which was really delicious - so I'd stick with the pizza/calzone/strombolli route if I were to return.Service was quick and friendly- no issues in that department. The only thing I found a little odd was that all of the containers including our  silverware, entree and salad dish were disposable .My mom's entree was in a to-go box that sat on top of a regular plate so I know they have dishwashers.  It seems like  they would save a lot of money by just getting rid of these when people dine-in...it also would be way better for the environment -as I cringe to think how much plastic they waste. Overall it was a solid choice to grab a quick inexpensive bite before heading to Carowinds.
2	I stopped by last Friday for a quick lunch. It was very crowded but I found a table in the bar. The server brought a menu fairly soon and I ordered before she walked away. She brought my drink and salad quickly. But then it took 25 minutes for the two slices of pizza to come (at least 15 min after a person who arrived after me got his-I really don't like that.)The salad came in a small clamshell container - your basic pre washed salad mix. The pizza slices (one veg and one cheese) had obviously sat for some time. The server was over extended and was having trouble multi tasking. I felt pretty invisible for a time.
1	Pizza was mediocre at best. Sad its one of few places to eat in Fort Mill. Today after having no where else to eat, decided to try my luck at Carmella's. Bad choice. Pizza is nothing more than greasy cardboard. Not to mention the cashier was extremely rude in person and when i called in my order. Its safe to say i will not be spending my money there again. But hey if your into eating greasy cheese on cardboard and hanging out at a shanty bar scene, this is the place for you! Also not child friendly.
2	This place was awful!!! We are from Orlando and we are camping up here. After driving all day we were starving and wanted something quick and easy. The service was SLOW. It took forever for my husband to get a beer. The pierogies tasted like the frozen ones I buy. We ordered those as an appetizer but it came out about a minute before the pizza. The pizza was undercooked and the meatballs on it were dry and over cooked. I saw a big piece of what looked like cheese but it turned out to be a big piece of raw dough!! Our waitress was not friendly at all. I am thinking we should have went next door to the Chinese place! It had better reviews anyway!!
4	This is now one of my lunch hot spots. Well, if you can find a place to sit. It gets crowded!!!  The food is always hot when it hits the table and it arrives in a timely manner. Servers aren't right on top of you because of the crowd but they manage it well. I strongly recommend the 5 Meat Pizza!!! My wife loves the Asian Chili wings.
1	We stopped in for lunch today, we sat ourselves as the sign said to do, along with the rest of the lunch crowd.  After 15 minutes of waiting and no one even asked us about drinks or offered us a menu we chose to leave. During the 15 minute wait I had direct eye contact with two waitresses and neither appeared interested in taking our order. We also watched people who sat down after us get their menu's and order taken. All I can say is they lost our business and not quite sure how the other people were waiting that long while on lunch break. We saw just one order come out in 15 minutes and that was a salad.
4	I love this place. For those who don't know the pizza here holds it own with any pizza around Charlotte, IMO. Here's the deal people this is a local joint with usually the same regular patrons who all know each other and are like a family. The drinks are cheap the pie is great and the people are awesome. It is not a gourment pizza place it is a local bar with good pizza pie. The crowds vary at times to almost crazy some nights but that is what makes it fun. I can totally understand how someone may not like it but that is because they don't understand what the place is about. Hang out, meet some people at the bar and throw some darts. When you get hungry order 2 slices of pepperoni. Great place for me it is laid back and fun. You run into some local people and take it for what you want. Definetely not a corporate uptight boring place.
