1	Wanted a convenient quick takeout. Ordered General Tso Chicken and BBQ pork with veggies and went to blockbuster next door to get a video.Man, I will take a frozen Asian meal anyday as many like Trader Joes Teriyaki chicken is tons better than this. Quality not good nor taste. Very sad as it was so nicely located. We're movie/game junkies so we're always grabbing quick bites often with our videos. I wish I was closer to Chinatown.
4	Ive been going to Grand China for about 4 or 5 years now. Not once have I had a bad experience. When I do eat inside the restaurant, Ive always had quick friendly service. Their lunch specials are anywhere from $5-$7. They include soup, egg roll, wonton and whichever entree you pick with fried rice. Definitely worth it. The dinner specials are about $2-$3 more than the lunch specials but they also come with some extras. No matter what you get, you will usually get more than what you pay for, especially if you stick with the lunch and dinner specials. The service is very consistent between the 3 restaurants I visit.
1	Yuk!Me no likey your chiney.
2	Apart from the hot and sour soup, which was very good, there was nothing to recommend this place. We ordered sweet and sour chicken and cashew chicken. The cashews were virtually raw,  and the chicken was tough and looked like it had been cut from scraps. The sweet and sour chicken was mostly breading and sauce, with very little chicken. This place is close to my house and my favorite Chinese restaurant shut down several months ago, so I was hopeful it would be better. Panda Express beats this place.
5	I have tried a few Chinese restaurants in town and THIS own is by FAR the BEST! They always use good cuts of meat. I always receive friendly and fast service.
2	Been going here for nearly 6 years.  Food used to be incredible and service was fabulous.  Just went there last week and it was awful.  Food was cold, order was wrong and service was slow.  I am so disappointed!  Unfortunately, I don't think I'll be going back.
5	Food is ALWAYS good here!  They use chicken breast, not chicken parts w/ skin on it-UGH.  Mongolian beef & shrimp fried rice are yummy, too.
4	I like the hot and sour soup, the fried rice and the kung pao chicken. It's not gormet but it's close, big portions and the waiter was friendly.
2	We ordered several dishes that were okay taste wise but everyone felt nausea and stomach aches about 30 mins later. ;(
4	Just tried their $5.45 lunch special. Got the Kung Pao Chicken and it came with rice, Hot N Sour Soup and small Spring Roll. Kung Pao was pretty good and the soup was excellent. Great place to eat lunch quick and cheap.  The service was great and very friendly. I have gone twice now and will be back.  I used to go to the Grand China on W. Ann Road for their lunch specials but they have slipped lately and don't seem as good as they were?
1	All the dishes tasted the same.
3	This place is pretty good for a quick lunch special. The lunch special comes with a spring roll and soup along with your entree and choice of steamed or fried rice. The food: I had the general tsaos chicken which was pretty good. The egg drop soup was pretty average. I also tried the mongolian beef which was average and so was the szechuan beef nothing was spicy even though it was indicated on the menu. Suprisingly though their pad thai is decent still not at all spicy. So like I said pretty average food but if you're in a hurry decent lunch special with plenty of food. The Service: The service was pretty good. Our Ice teas kept getting refilled. It was a little ackward because when we first walked in we couldn't tell who was working there because there were two different tables of employees eating. It took a few minutes for them to finish up what they were saying and seat us. Other then that I would go again if i needed a quick cheap lunch.
5	I've been going to this place for YEARS! I love the food & they recently added that they're NEW! There's nothing new about my food that I order! Unless you get the lunch specials !! Fried rice has no peas & carrots!! It looks more like stupid rice because it doesn't taste like fried rice! I still like the place BUT... I would add the peas & carrots!!
4	This place has changed management, and the food is vastly improved. Curious, I stopped by for lunch when I saw the place dubbed the "New Grand China". Quite a difference.
2	It hurts me to write this about Grand China, but what used to be fresh and flavorful is now fresh and bland. The NEW Grand China needs to revert back to the old. I believe the saying goes, "If aint broke dont fix it!" well...y'all needed to stick to just that! The Kung Pao Chicken recipe used to be one of the best, but now not all all, among other recipes. The lunch special has gone down the drain to where yes, the rice is plain with no peas or carrots, just soy sauce to make it look brown and a little egg. They clearly aren't putting their best efforts in the lunch menu any longer. The new menu just seems very lazy and it shows in the taste. Not to mention, I miss the old wait staff, I guess they got rid of the old people as well. Sighs:( I suppose if you're in the area I'd recommend this place, but if NOT.... head over to Golden Flower Chinese Restaurant if you're near the airport, they are voted "Best in Las Vegas" for a reason.
1	YUCK. Grossest Chinese food I have ever had. The egg drop soup smelled so gross I couldn't eat it. Both entrees (one with chicken, one with beef) were awful; the meat was soggy, and barely edible. The fried rice had maybe two carrots in it (not being dramatic) and tasted like brown rice. NEVER AGAIN.
3	The general chicken and house fried rice are decent, but everything else I have tried was either just average or subpar.
1	Went there and didn't like it at all. The service was horrible our waitress was really rude to everyone except one table which I assumed she knew because she ignored the entire restaurant just too talk too them. The food was blah but it came out extremely fast. I would give it 3 stars if it wasn't for the awful awful AWFUL service
1	DO NOT EAT HERE! I got a boba milk tea and spring egg rolls and let's say it was all over the pavement not even an hour later! How can you get food poisoning from deep friend vegetable egg rolls or a boba tea? Something is SERIOUSLY wrong here....beware.
3	This is our go-to chinese take out. The food is good, service is average and the prices are good. All the traditional menu items. Never had a bad experience.
1	Just ate there recently had egg drop soup four hours later after work my stomach was hurting. I got food poisoning from their egg drop soup. Needless to say it was the worse food poisoning ever. Do not eat their soups. I spent a whole 24-48 hours vomiting and in the bathroom.
2	After vacillating back and forth over what to do for dinner, the Mrs. and I decided to dine out. After clearing the first hurdle we had to decide where. Chinese sounded good so we turned to Yelp for some guidance. Grand China was close and convenient, but had some less than stellar ratings. Having just received the Maverick badge, I kind of coaxed the Mrs. into giving it a shot. My bad. The place was empty upon our arrival. When the egg drop soup is the best part of your dinner, it's kind of hard to recover. The soup was hot and fresh. What followed was average at best. The fried rice was dry and had a bland taste. The Mongolian Beef had plenty of flavor, but some of the meat was rather chewy and full of gristle. The iced tea was some of the worst I have ever tasted. It was brewed tea, but old. It had a sort of "spinach" taste to it. No amount of sweetener was going to help. The gal that took our order was very pleasant and friendly. The older gal that brought our food out was not. We both got a dinner combination which included a small appetizer. The total before gratuity was $27. If you are in the mood for Chinese, there are other places within close proximity that are much better.
3	Food was pretty good. A group of us went. The service was friendly and quick. We had two plates and it was enough food to feed four of us.
5	Very clean!!! Speak understandable English.. Love their Wonton soup and Mongolian beef.. Great customer service. We always order from Grand China we dine in or have delivery, since we can order ONLINE we usually just have delivery.. LOVE IT. We won't be going anywhere else anytime soon... ;)
1	Worst Chinese restaurant in Vegas!!!! Food was cold and tasted awful. Iced tea tasted like dirty dishwater. Server was rude! Hoping we don't get food poisoning. Would give it 0 stars if I could.
1	They have great Thai tea but the service sucks. Said the delivery would be 30-45 minutes. The food shows up almost 2 hours later at almost 8pm! I called and every time all they would say was "the driver is on his way". Oh did I mention its one block away?
1	Ordered food over the phone a week ago. When I arrived I received a "what happened? we close in 5 minutes" from girl. Boba drink had to be made still, food took over 5 minutes to receive. After arriving home I saw that the place had called about 6 times to see if I was coming. My wife and I took one bite and it tasted like degreaser had been sprayed on the food. Boba drink wasn't very good. Took food back next day and got a partial refund. Beware of eating anything here.
2	I was in the mood for Chinese food so I decided to try this place since it's in the neighborhood... Well I ordered The Shrimp Fried Rice and Sesame Chicken it came to just shy of $19.00 ... The food was very disappointing. The Fried Rice was stale... I couldn't tell if some parts were over cooked or undercooked. The entire dish had like 5 shrimp... Well I tried to dress it up with dressing. Because not only was it over/undercooked but it was bland... It was awful. The Sesame Chicken was vile...  Tasted like frozen food passed off as authentic food. This order was unacceptable so I put it up, to return. I called the next day (today), explained the situation the woman asked me what I wanted her to do about it. So I said, make it right. She said they would replace it. Well I they required me to bring the food and receipt for them to replace the food. But I honestly think they either added to what was already there or they only added one shrimp to the shrimp fried rice... The Sesame chicken is the same except it was fresh today, over time this dish gets really squishy and gross... Anyway... Waste of $18 ... Never again... 2 stars because they were at least "fake nice", they were pleasant and never seemed intentionally rude.
4	Ordered take out for the very first time last night and we were pleased with the fast and friendly service, as well as the taste of the food! We had wonton soup and hot and sour soup which I heard was great!! We also had general tso's chicken, honey walnut shrimp and beef chow mein - all of which were tasty!! Negatives - a tad pricier than what we're used too paying back home in NJ, you have to pay for fried noodles for your soup and no real freebies unless you have a $30 order and ONLY pay in cash :( We'll be back nonetheless!!
