4	Finally got to try Costa Vida tonight and glad we did!  Fresh and flavorful meats and options.  Not a Filibertos but not a real sit-down either.  Some interesting menu items make it different enough to fill the gap and be another good Mexican option in the area!  The Honey Habenero salsa is really quite good too!
4	We grabbed lunch to go last week and it was great.  Lots of vegetarian options on their menu.  I had the Vegetarian Burro with a cilantro tomatillo sauce on it that was amazing.  My husband ordered the chicken burro with traditional enchilada sauce and said it was great.  My son who ate free because he's under 5 had a really great quasadilla kids meal with rice, beans and a drink.  Our entire meal came to about $12!  We'll be back for sure, it's a better and less expensive option then Rubios or Baja Fresh which it's the most similar too.  If you're looking for quick, tasty, and inexpensive this is your best bet in the area.
5	FANTASTIC! Way better than Chipotle. I highly recommend the Sweet Pork Tacos.
2	First, their system is way to slow. I went in for lunch yesterday and there was only one other person in front of me. He ordered three burritos and each time they would make a single tortilla and make the burrito, then go back to the start and make a second tortilla and the second burrito, back to the start and make the third tortilla and third burrito. Even the guy that was being helped was embarrassed by how long his order was taking to make. They should have made all three tortillas at the same time and made the burritos at the same time which would have been much faster.Second, I must not be ordering the right thing as I went back yesterday to try it a second time since I did not enjoy the first time I went and again, wasn't impressed.I had the sweet pork burrito the first time which was way to sweet. Yesterday I had the chicken burrito with red sauce and the red sauce was all I could taste. I love Chipotle and their burritos are much better than what I had here.My wife and kids also remarked that Chipotle is much better.
5	I love these types of restaurants, like Rubio's or HighTec Burrito, and they can be real hit or miss. This is the best one I've ever been in. Had to wait for a client so I popped in to grab a bite to eat. Food came out and it looked a little scarier than I though. Rice seemed to be a strange color and whole thing was in a cheap foil bowl. With great concern I took a bight of the rice and was shocked how good it was. It tasted like it was cooked in seasoning, it was awesome. Moved on to the beans and finally my Quesadilla. It was awesome. Very fresh meat, great cheese, loved it.The place was very clean and people friendly. I hope to find one on my side of town.
5	I went here for the first time today, and I'm glad I did.  My dining out options are limited due to a gluten allergy, and I was looking for something new to try.  Was I ever impressed that almost everything on their menu is gluten free!  I had the sweet pork nachos and they were amazing.  The price wasn't bad either.  This is my new favorite for Fresh Mexican since my options at Baja Fresh, Rubio's and Chipotle are somewhat limited.
3	The food is good, but the service is lacking.  Also, the side of guacamole is tiny.
1	What an unfortunate dining experience. Instead of serving with tinfoil, the food should be served with a strainer (or wet vac... shamwow... an entire roll of Bounty). I felt like I was eating wet slop.I went with 3 friends.. all had the same experience. Soggy, wet crap. The sweet pork has more sugar than a 12 pack of Mt Dew.How does this place have 5 stars? How can anyone say its even remotely comparable to Chipotle?
3	Blah. My best description. It was fresh, you see the food being prepared as you wait. However, I found it to be on the bland side (chix quesadilla). However their key lime desert was pretty good.
2	I didn't think the quality of the food was all that great.  The burrito was so-so.  The rice and beans were good.
5	I enjoy this place. Food always taste fresh and is adequately portioned.
2	UGH, I'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1 star b'c of my husband's persuasion.  This place is TERRIBLE!!  I am by no means a picky, mean, or rude customer.  They guy behind the counter just treated us like we owed him a big friggin' thank you for making us a sub par meal.  I had the chicken mango chipotle (or something like that) nachos.  Blech.  Hubby had a burrito which was also blech.  I will definitely not come here again.  When someone says "thank you", you should say "your welcome" back or something to acknowledge your customer.  These people need retraining in their customer service skills.  To boot, the food was terrible.
2	Excellent chicken that I like more than some of the other quick service tex-mex places; HOWEVER, the quesadilla comes with no extras. Salsa is 99 cents, quac us 99 cents.  I can understand the quac, although the portion size is a partially filled 2 oz container, but to pay for salsa??  The quac does not compare to chipotle. And I wouldn't pay for it again.  The rice and beans are decent, but I would gladly give them up for some salsa!
4	Too bad it's closed...Costa Vida had a fresh-tasting menu, good loyalty program, and was an option for your gluten-sensitive friends.  Staff was nice and remembered your preferences.  They also kept the place very clean.  Sad to see it close down.
