4	This place is so convenient for when I am at my oldest sister's house.  As in right across the street convenient.  We like to order from here when we are too lazy to cook.  They have good lunch deals.  I love the chicken yaki-soba.  Rolls are good and range in price from like $3-$12.  Good gyoza and edamame.Overall very solid, cheapish, convenient food.
4	I love this place. Convenient, very nice wood decor and friendly staff. The sushi rivals more expensive downtown locations - try the Peter Pan roll, not on the menu but seriously delicious!
5	Have eaten here multiple times and have always had great sushi and a positive experience. Lunch specials are tremendous value. Highly recommend, quality, consistency, great service and the food is always great.  Strip mall on outside but great atmosphere inside.
4	Don't let the strip mall location fool you - One-U is a great place for consistently good Japanese food. I've eaten here probably 15 times and I love this place. The owners and staff are super friendly. The Peter Pan roll is terrific - and even better when you have a tall Sapporo with it! The tempura is very good; I've had tempura in Japan and this is on par with what you would get in Tokyo. The brown noodle side dish (I think they call them spaghetti noodles) have a great sesame flavor. They also have dishes like Pad Thai if you prefer Thai cuisine. I've never had a bad meal at One-U.
4	This has become my favorite place to grab sushi after trying everything in a 10 mile radius. Quality food for a good price. Their lunch deal is awesome!
4	Love this place!  The lunch specials are a great bargain and the quality of the food is very high.  The owner, Michelle, is very nice.  Don't let the strip mall location stop you from eating here.
5	Never had a bad meal here. Staff is nice. Sushi is always good and they have great lunch specials. They will also make rolls with brown rice and have always made changes for us when asked. Spicy tuna rolls are just spicy enough and their ginger dressing is very good. They have added some Thai dishes to the menu as well. Both the basil beef and mango chicken are very good. For sushi lovers who dine with anti-sushiites it's nice to have a selection bigger than just teriyaki. Lastly, they make a very nice nabayaki udon soup. Just like moms. If you are Japanese...Give this hidden little gem a try.
5	Great Food and Great Prices.  I go here for lunch every week.  They have great lunch specials and the Thai and Chinese dishes are great also.  Never had a bad meal.  Everything is very fresh.  Chicken is white meat. Great Sushi and some incredible specialty rolls (Cherry Blossom and Peter Pan are must have)
3	Exploring different restaurants after our new move. Went here to try finding a really good sushi place closer to our house. Unfortunately not as good as some of the others we have found. The best by far if New Zealand. We will drive the extra distance to get there for a better experience. About this experience - slow service and mediocre food. Not much flavor in the teriyaki chicken in my bento box. California roll was good. Not very crowded on a Friday evening. Still not sure why it took so long to get our order other than a lot of fake out orders.
5	You would think the place is horrible because it's in a strip mall and not packed out....don't be deceived! One-U is great! The Peter Pan roll is one of my favorites, and now (thanks to previous reviewer suggestion) so is the Cherry Blossom! We also absolutely love the Yaki Udon! Give these folks a try!
5	Love this place!  Sorry but this place blows most hibachi spots out of the water!  Sushi is good here too!  Come for the amazing lunch specials.  Orange chicken is crispy (REAL white meat chicken) in a slightly sweet and spicy sauce.  And I loooove the beef hibachi here...you dont even really need the shrimp and/or mustard sauce (even tho its awesome!) because the flavor on the dish itself is great!  Our server Karen is the best!  My current weekly spot
5	Will I have to thank a fellow yelper Tina K, This is absolutely my favorite place in Charlotte for any hibachi and Beef broccoli dishes. The flavor is awesome. I'm going back again but this time to try the sushi I can't wait if it's anything like what I've already had I'm sure it will be amazing.......till next time . Enjoy
2	We have gone several times in the past and enjoyed it, but if I had only gone once I would never go back after my last visit. The sesame chicken tasted burned. My husband and I were sharing it and sushi. She offered to take mine back and let me order another sushi roll saying it should come out fast. My hub was starving so he just ate his half burned. We were the only people in the restaurant and the guy you can watch making sushi still spent 10 mins watching tv before making my new order. She only offered us 1/2 off of the chicken she had taken away explaining that lots of people think it is burned on the days they fresh marinade and complain about it but that it was just the smoke in the soy sauce and charged us full price for the replacement food I had ordered. I was really annoyed and disappointed and honestly don't know why she didn't offer an explanation or solution before taking my food.
5	Super friendly staff and always delish. I've been here about six times over the last couple of years. Love the "Fashion Roll"
5	The best chicken and steak hibachi, beef noodle soup,  and sesame chicken we have had.  The waiter,  Aaron was awesome.  We will definitely return.
