4	Pretty decent pizza by the slice.  Also a pretty good bargain.  I always want a chicken alfredo slice, and usually a pepperoni or sausage slice.  Good-sized slices.
4	Their pizza is great and the sicillian is the best, their service is not the best though! i would recommend, but understand if you ask for extra sauce or extra anything you won't get a smile
5	If you're from NYC (like me), and you're looking for a good slice, then you should try Ray's.  I've been to a couple of Ray's around PHX, and they are consistently good... at least as good as you're gonna get if you're looking for a pizzeria style slice- not fancy schmancy or thin crust or some other non NYC authentic corner pizza.Perfect cheese to sauce ratio for my taste.  And good bbq wings.I recommend ordering a pie on your way home from work, and get it to go to enjoy at home.
4	I am originally from NJ so I am quite demanding when it comes to pizza.  I ordered the chicken parm sandwich since i had a bit of a crave for that.  As I waited (about 15 minutes), i saw the guys making, slicing and sending out the pizza.  I then was wishing I had ordered the pizza to check it out.The chicken parm?  It was good.  A decent size sandwich for the money.  Was still hot when I got to my friend's place 7 min away.  I left wanting the pizza though since it looked and smelled quite good.  Next time for sure...
4	Very milky mozzarella here - excellent cheese on their pizza.  Thin NYC style slices make this a great lunch place.  Reasonable prices and usually has sufficient seating for the lunch crowd.  Faces the east, sharing same parking lot with Lowe's.
4	Loved the pizza. They had a great selection. Services wasn't bad. The wings are also tasty. It was the breakfast of champions! ; ^ D
4	This is good pizza every time I get it.  I've never eaten in so can't comment on the service but when I go to pick it up it's always ready and the cashiers seem friendly enough.
4	Ray's pizza is simple and unassuming. You're going to get big greasy pizza, which feels good to eat, and really, it's very NY.My only issue is that when I want hot wings, I expect them be at least tangy.Good prices, fast speed, and overall , a delicious pie.
4	i feel like ray's is a little more pricey than other similar pizza joints, but i rarely care. g and i have a little joke about how long it will take for takeout ... no matter what time we call they tell me the pizza will be ready in 10-15 minutes - and they've never lied! it doesn't matter if it is the super bowl, friday night at 7 or sunday at 2, your pizza will be ready in 10-15 minutes. i think it is because they don't deliver. the pizza is huge, a bit greasy, and very tasty. it isn't quite new york pizza, but it is pretty darn close. this is a family run business - you can see dad, his daughters and maybe some other family members (cousins?) when you pick up ... i like that. and the girls and dad are sweet!  if they're not busy, dad can tell stories about the country he grew up in that would blow your mind. they're a sweet family living the american dream, and they make a tasty pizza. yay ray's!
3	Its good pizza when your in the mood for new york pizza, for example streets of new york pizza tastes NOTHING like new york pizza!  They should honestly give it up and just sell wings and pasta because thats all they have going but we are talking about Rays so im gonna stop plugging Streets.  Anyway the pizza is good for quick and tasty new york pizza this being said the "soup nazi" that runs it scares the living daylights out of me and makes me uncomfortable limiting my trips.  I thought i would avoid his creepyness by ordering take out but he denied me to go parmesan and red pepper packets then proceeded to stack the pieces on top of each other which was lovely, so basically if the customer services was at least par they would get 4 stars from me :) Btw this has happened several times other employees will give me packets and stack the pizza correctly just not the mean guy so they are all "good people!"
3	Ray's is a greasy-pizza lover's wet dream.  Be sure to plan your dieting around this place as you are sure to have higher cholesterol when leaving!!! :)
4	Rays is one of the best pizza joints around...but what is not cool is them charging me for ranch...and I pretty much own stock in the company..that's how often I'm there...but nonetheless ..good greasy pizza!
3	Service is good.The pizza is decent.The lunch specials are good. The salad is okay.The pasta is awful.  So, is the sausage.
4	Ray's is the closest pizza place from my new home in north Phoenix and I dig it.  Their style of pizza reminds me of my neighborhood pizza place where I grew up in New Jersey.  I usually just go with a plain cheese pizza at Ray's and add on the spices, like black and red pepper, oregano, and garlic.  I usually go in for the two slices and a soda lunch special.  Ray's Pizza: It's cheesy, it's greasy, it's delicious.  Give it a try!
4	I work near Ray's and it is my go-to spot for good, quick and cheap eats.  I usually go for the daily lunch slice special.  Around lunch hours they have several slice options (cheese, pepperoni and sausage) par-cooked and waiting, with some other variations and varieties thrown in.  The white pizza if very good and the pesto is the best I've had in the valley.  Just pick your slice/s and they'll throw them in the oven for a minute or two to finish them. They often have slices of Sicilian pizza too. If it's available be sure to snag some, the crust is excellent. I've only ventured away from the pizza once, to get a cheese steak and it too was solid; shaved rib-eye and good, salty Provolone.  I've never had any issues with the service, it has always been prompt and friendly.  As far as pie goes, you can't go wrong with Ray's.
1	Pizza is okay. Pasta is just okay.Service is really bad.
5	LOVE this pizza place.  It is so hard to find a place that has crispy (not floppy) pizza.  I worked across the street and frequented this place at least once a week.  I miss it dearly since I no longer work over there.  Yummy!!!
5	The best NY style pizza I have had in the state! I work near here so I have a go to option for a meal after work for the family or a quick option on the weekend. Decent service but I don't thing good pizza and good service go hand and hand anyway...at least not in my experience.My son loves it as does my husband.
3	Pizza is decent. Wings are pretty good. As a New Yorker , I must say the chicken parm does not even come close to your average pizza shop back home.
3	The pizza here is pretty good; although I personally prefer a more crispy crust. I was impressed that the large pizza we ordered barely fit in the pizza box so for the price the size is good. I had heard the service here wasn't very good so we decided to get it to go to avoid any service issues. My order was ready in 15 mins. and the girls at the counter were nice. I'll try this place again I'm sure.
5	I absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it, closest thing I have found to real New York style pizza. I would highly recommend the sausage.
4	I LOVE Ray's Pizza.  When I'm in the mood for a slice, I like the pepperoni and cheese pizza.  It's a New York style slice that's cheesy and greasy.  I can't always have this type of pizza, but when I do, it's delicious.  They also have great lunch specials, including a slice or two with a soda.  The place is a decent size, has lots of booths and a tv.  The service is always good!
5	Great service. Super pizza! At first I thought the pizza was avg at best but then realized it needed a few minutes in the oven! Excellent sauce and 2 piece lunch combo.
4	Ray's was pretty good. We went a little early so the "by the slice" selection wasn't great but the pizza was good. I'd eat eat there again.
4	Always good pizza never any complaints about it. Got wings with the pizza and wings where super tiny. That's really the only complaint I can have
4	After hitting up several pizza joints in the area, I finally found my go-to when I'm craving NY style pizza!  I just moved here a couple months ago from NJ where there's a pizza shop on every block and this was the closest one in quality to the ones back home.  The crust folded well  in my hands and the cheese pulled apart like the way mozarella should!  Their Chicken Parm sandwich was very tasty as well though not as good as the ones back home. The staff was very friendly and though prices are okay it's still not the same for some reason.  Maybe its the water? But overall, this is my spot for NY Pizza!  Give me Benny Tudinos in Hoboken, NJ anytime!!!
1	Discusting!  They don't use gloves, the pizza is a far cry from New York & I was overcharged for their combo special.  I tried to address the issue and it confused the cashier (who also made my salad...without washing hands). thumbs down.
1	I wish there was something positive worth noting. Unfortunately, the prices are high and inconsistent, the service is terrible (manager/owner especially) and the quality is low.On my recent visit (and last ever), I called and ordered by phone. Upon arriving, I noticed that what I ordered was coincidentally on special. Despite the clear posting of the special price, the owner insisted I pay full price because I did not mention the word "special" on the phone..how could I have known? He did so much as to point and wag his finger at me in a condescending way and mumble something in another language. When I brought the food home it was a greasy, unappetizing mess. For the $36 or whatever it was for a medium and wings, I think I'd rather have 36 Totinos pizzas than eat here again.
1	Probably the worst customer service in the world. The owner is always angry and he act like he's doing you a favor by taking your money. The pizza is usually super greasy but I don't even want to talk about the food, I just can't believe how rude this guy is. He never ever says thank you or anything at all other than "what do you want" and the price. I think he's Albanian (judging by the flag on the walk) he does some dirty business in the back. My brother and I noticed few times some guys going in the back with duffle bags and leaving after like 5-10 minutes with different bags. There is something dirty going on here I guarantee it, I think they are using this business as a smoke screen for money laundering. I will never go there again for as long as I live!!!!
4	Being from the east coast I'm a bit snobby about pizza.  But, this place is a solid spot for a good deal.  In a town where pizza isn't even close to par Ray's holds it's own.  The girls that work there are cute and they have some good lunch deals.  I'd go back!
5	Awesome pizza, awesome people!  One of the best pizza's I've ever had, and tasty Italian beer to boot!  The guys'that were working their were really nice too.I'll definitely be back when I'm in the area!
4	Good place to get a slice. Family run business. They also have some specials with salad and a drink! Add toppings on a slice and its a little more. Parmesan, Oregano, Red Pepper Shakes readily available.
2	No flavor. Paper thin sausage on pizza. No sauce. Just not worth the 7.50 for lunch. Suggestion. Use more seasoning, sauce etc.
1	Went in to order 27$ worth of food to go and went to use the bathroom but it was locked No one was in there apparently they lock it to prevent people from coming in just to use bathroomIf I gotta ask for a key to use the bathroom at any norterra restaurant I will not b backThat's tacky and totally ghettoThanks but no thanksRay's pizza at norterraRaise the bar my friend this isn't jersey shore NEVER GOING BACK to Rays Pizza at Norterra at happy valley and 25th ave
1	I've been other Rays Pizza locations so thought I would eat dinner at this one at Happy Valley near 27th Avenue, with a friend.  She ordered the baked Manicoti and I had the Lasagna. I was shocked that over the last few years (thinking of course that these places all have the same owner) the price went from $7 to $13. My friend wouldnt even finish her dinner. Mine was more like cheese stuffed ravioli with a LOT of boring sauce poured over it to disguise the fact it wasnt lasagna and then 2 squares of white cheese melted on the top. I purposely tried just the cheese and it wasnt even Mozzerella.... it tasted more like white American.  Nasty.  Looking around the room I noticed the bottom portion of the walls were filthy (like they mopped up to it and left the dirt on the walls) and my friend said the ladies room wasnt very clean either.  Best thing about the dinner was the lettuce salad and the chunk of bread that came with it.  Will NOT be going back again EVER.
4	The pizza was great! We were here for lunch and this seems to be  primarily a 'serve by the slice' kind of joint for the lunch crowd. We had a group of five hungry people so we ordered 2 medium pizzas and had a seat. Our rushed and uneducated decision was the meat lovers pizza and the vegetarian. We lucked out! Both were amazing. It is a great New York style pizza crust.Great balance of crunch and chew. Minus one star because the house salad was extremely disappointing. It was a head of iceberg lettuce with two black olives, two green olives and two croutons. In the bottom of the plate there was a crouton destroying puddle of water from rinsing the lettuce right before service. If I ever find myself in this city again I'll swing by for a slice.
2	I don't normally write reviews however I just spent $8.00 on a greasy, warm(not hot) piece of pizza and a salad (that went straight to the trash it was so awful). Save your money I would rather have a Little Caesar pizza then eat at Rays again.
4	This is the best Ray's location in Arizona.  We usually get pizza and wings to go. The service is great and I am there approximately once a month.
1	Let me just start out by saying, this is NOT the review I would like to be writing. I'll admit, this is not my first time here but it certainly will be my last. I live basically hop, skip, and a jump away and this would be way too convenient for my ultimate craving (which, yes, happens daily ;) I stopped in for dinner around 7:30 and there is one cheese pizza sitting under the lamp for god knows how long. From a previous trip I remember there being about 6-7 specialty pizzas ready to take a slice and be on your way. Specialty pizzas are my thing. You would NEVER, I repeat NEVER, catch me ordering a cheese or even pepperoni pizza. There is just way more to life than to be plain Jane like that! So the dull toned lady tells me that it's $2.50/slice and an additional $0.50/topping. I should have to just politely said no thank you but I was set on pizza for dinner so I ordered chicken, spinach and mushrooms which the man takes the cheese slice that had been under the lamp for unsaid amount of time, adds the topping and puts in back in the oven. I will eat pizza hot, cold, reheated, etc but to have my pizza cooked a second time as I'm ordering it is just not my idea of deliciousness! So if I cant finish it, I am then triple heating my pizza?!? No thank you! Customer service was not there. Reheated, over priced pizza. Like I said, I really wanted to like, or love, this place but that's just not the case. I guess I'll be heading to the grocery store for a whole frozen pizza for about the same price and about 100000x more satisfaction! Sigh!
1	Seriously!! $6.25 for two slices of paper thin cheese pizza that's godonlyknowshowold and a soda? You can get two slices of specialty pizza at barros for $2.00 less. Get real Rays. It's not a steak sandwich. I bought my daughter and her friend a combo and another single slice and the charge was $16.50!!! Wtf?! I will never be back ever.
5	Still the best Ray's location in the valley in my opinion.  I called ahead for a pizza and it was perfect as usual.  The service is great and I am always impressed with the pizzas. No matter who makes the pies, they are consistent which is amazing.
2	Not bad for cardboard. On second thought I may have accidentally eaten the box. In all seriousness, I would pass and find another place. Pizza was over cooked and had little flavor.
5	We stopped her again on the way home from a trip to the valley. I ordered a sausage pizza and medium spicy wings to go. The service is great, the food is perfect everytime.  I appreciate the employees there....always pleasant and consistent.  It's always clean. I enjoy the tv when I am waiting for my to - go order.
