4	I agree with Cheyenne that the lobby is not super relaxing but honestly it didn't bother me a ton- it was Saturday and I was in relaxation mode anyway.My boyfriend and I went in for a couples massage and overall really enjoyed it. The room was done in an asian boudoir theme. It was fairly dark and relaxing. The temperature was not warm enough for me but my boyfriend did not have the same problem. The bed itself was comfortable except when I was laying face down my chin was hitting metal, so perhaps the bed (or myself) was not positioned correctly. The other problem is that when you flip to your back the recessed lighting is shining right in your eyes so perhaps they should put eye masks on for that part. I would have spoken up about these things but since it was a couples massage I didn't want to interrupt my other half's experience. Matthew was my masseuse. He was very professional and overall gave a nice massage.  I especially enjoyed the hand portion. His firmness was perfect not too hard-not too soft. My feet were icecubes though so I was surprised he did not mention that or ask if I was warm enough....maybe he thought I had circulation issues who knows. I would recommend him for sure though. My boyfriend had Shasta as his masseuse. He said it was the best he ever had and even began to nod off during portions of it. I think he is an official massage-convert and really enjoyed the benefits of a good massage. Overall I felt like it was money well spent (we had a groupon), and it was a lovely way to kick off our weekend. We left feeling relaxed and rejuvenated !
4	I was amazed. I purchased a Living Social Deal for this place and when I walked into the lobby I did not have high hopes. But it was an amazing experience. The body work was great, not to hard, but super effective.I'm looking forward to booking my next one.
4	I took my mother on Monday, May 14, 2012.  It was her first one and the therapist provided extra care.  My mother is asking for another one very soon.
2	I had a Living Social voucher for Deep Tissue Massage, and actually received a Sweedish kind of massage from Carolyn, the pressure was very light, like caressing. Everywhere else I've been before they ask you  how is the pressure, well, not here. Otherwise, the staff and the place are very nice, but I feel like I wasted my money. Needless to say I'm not going back.
5	Came here both times as part of a groupon deal . Overall , it was a great experience - soothing music , tranquil environment and really good masseuse.
5	I booked an appt for the 50 minute candy cane Swedish massage special. Jeff was my therapist and he was phenomenal. He mixed reflexology in with traditional massage techniques. He was very customer focused and made sure to pay special attention to problematic tight muscles and ligaments!  Five stars for sure!  One of the best massages I've had in a long time.
5	I first came to Bambu because of a Groupon.  I have only been here twice (once for a Swedish, once for a bamboo massage), but I definitely recommend.  The two different masseuses (Elise and Stephanie) were both awesome.  They were both awesome at what they do.
4	I have seen Carolyn, Stephanie, and Michael at Bambu, and enjoyed my massages with each of them. They all use different techniques and give you different experiences. Definitely recommended.
5	Bambu has excellent massage therapists that are very professional and also build relationships with the customers!  Every month they offer amazing specials that make getting regular massages very affordable.  Matt and Michael are two of the best massage therapists I've ever had!
4	Decided to get a massage on my day off so I looked on Groupon for any deals. I found a new customer deal for a 50 min Swedish or deep tissue massage and decided to give it a try. I signed up on the website and just picked a person who had an open appt for that day and time. They have instructions on the site for how to enter your Groupon information. Either I didn't enter something right or something went wrong b/c we had some confusion on the actual Groupon number after I left. Other than that one issue I had a great experience at Bambu. There is ample parking in the shopping center and there is a big sign/banner on the balcony. The waiting room is small but I thought it was nice and appropriate for a massage place. After I checked in Michael brought me back and explained everything to me seeing that it was my first time. The massage was great especially with Michael talking me through each step . Overall the rooms were nice  and clean and the oil wasn't too heavy. I felt completely comfortable and  definitely plan on going back soon !
5	This is a really wonderful place if you just want to relax and sooth your mind. The people are very kind, and you feel right at home when you walk in.
5	Excellent vibe, soothing atmosphere, clean facility and friendly staff. I used a Groupon for my 1st visit and have returned every 2 weeks since. The website has lots of great deals. Jeff is fantastic! He listens to you and implements  many techniques to reach your goals. I always leave relaxed and refreshed. Peggy
