4	I know everyone says Paper Tiger is the best place to go if you want a unique gift for someone, but it's got nothing on this place.It's a Mexican gift store and I really appriciate the effort to make the stock different from other shops. You'll find your usual cards and wrapping paper, but also strange objects like mosaic tiles. I'm doing up my bathroom with the Tile Cuadrados Blue!The girl at the counter was very friendly and informed me that some of the items were handmade by the staff, thats true commitment to the job, people!If you are really stuck about what to get for the person who has everything give this a try. Look out for the cool skeletons, too!
4	I wandered in here on the day I realised it was my brother's birthday, and I hadn't bought him a present or a card yet. What looks from the outside to be your normal card and other assortments gift shop, is actually Mexican themed, which was a pleasant surprise as I ventured a bit further into the shop, as I'm a definite fan of anything with a Mexican connection.Caoba specialises in Mexican tiles of all things, not something I really have a use for just now, but pretty all the same, plus ceramics, silver jewellery and scented candles. Who, after all, could pass up some ceramic, reasonably priced, green and red chillies for decoration? Certainly not me. There is also some cool tin heart metalwork going on, some very wearable jewellery, sweet wool mittens and gloves, worry dolls, nodding turtles and cupcake cases. Cute, cute, cute.
4	Caoba is a very special gift shop and largely different to others you may see in this region - because it sells Mexican made items!They have some lovely silver jewellery in here that looks bulky, eyecatching and contemporary. It's all pretty reasonably priced, too. But aside from their trinkets and their more mainstream cute, kitschy cupcake holders, I am most beguiled by their stationary! Selling notebooks made in Mexico that show everything from Mexican phrases and senoritas in rosy skirts to old Mexican adverts for cigarettes, it's very unusual! I can't decide if I love their divine candles even more - the religious detailing in them is like nothing I've ever seen! They're as ornate as a Catholic cathedral and lavished with colours and religious imagery.I didn't know what to expect from Caoba - with bulkier wares in the window I wouldn't say they displayed their best items outside. But that makes it all the more surprising when you have a browse around. As my four stars implies, "I'm a fan!"
5	Love this place! Always something interesting and unique to see. Even if I'm near broke, I can still leave with quality incense or scented candles at a competitive price. :-)
4	I WANT IT ALL!Yes, my Mother taught me manners. And yes, it's rude to point and say "I want" and be greedy. That was the internal monologue voice shouting at me as I walked around Caoba calmly, politely admiring things saying outloud "My what pretty earrings", "Oh would you look at all those hot sauces!" "Ah they have pinatas!" "What wonderful smelling candles". Polite as can be, the whole while internally "IwantIwantIwantIwantIWANT!Caoba is a Mexican gift store. Wandering in I didn't realise this at first. Greetings card at the entrance, a few nice candles. But as you wander you start to notice the gorgeous silver jewellery (delivered from Mexico) and the Mexican worry dolls and then you look up and see many pinatas. And then there's that case of all the spices and chillis and hot sauces. I think that's what tipped me off. And then there's the crockery and tiles and all the beautiful things I want to decorate my home in.Gift shops often have that 'seen one, seen them all' quality to them. Nice in their own way, but a bit tired. Not Caoba. It has genuinely beautiful jewellery, quite unusual and unique; gorgeous crockery; some divine candles -just different and unique.A bit out of the way, in Stockbridge, if you're in the area I'd say it's well worth seeking out.
4	Whilst swanning around Stockbridge last weekend, Jenny L, Claire C and myself were lured in to Caoba with the aim of purchasing a birthday card.This shop is an absolute delight, specializing in Mexican handicrafts and jewelry. Its such a shame to have stumbled on this place AFTER Cino de Mayo as the ceiling had such beautiful pinatas on display. Oh well we'll just have to convince Jenny L to have Day of the Dead elite event in Nov so we can buy all our decorations here. The hand crafted silver jewelry is gorgeous and I ended up purchasing a beautiful ring for myself on a whim. The jewelry is quaint, quirky and reasonably priced but still high quality, nice to purchase for yourself but equally great to buy as gifts for overs. The Mexican glass, tiles and crockery at the back of the store made me swoon. I fully intend to come back and buy a bunch of the beautiful rimmed wine glasses for my new place. The tiles and porcelain handles have even inspired a few craft ideas too. (I'd love to take a cheap table and put these gorgeous Mexican tiles on. Really cheap way to make an expensive looking table.) If you're in the area its worth a look.
