3	This is a full service post office located off Priest between Warner and Elliot.  I come here to mail out larger packages, buy stamps, and to do other post office related activities.  What I like about this post office is that they have great Saturday hours, and have counter hours until 3PM on Saturday afternoons.  They also have an automate attendant in the lobby if you should need after hours help.  They have post office boxes for rent, a drive through drop box for letters, supplies for sale, and this location is usually clean and neat.The only reason I gave them 3 stars is because, in typical USPS fashion, the lines here usually include a tremendously long wait at times.  Its not that people are lined up out the door.  Usually its a matter of 4 or 5 people waiting for what seems like forever.  I've stood in line for at least 20 minutes here before, usually do mail a larger sized envelope, which really doesnt take more then a minute or two.They do have an automated scale in the lobby, but with new Government regulations, not all items can be accepted on the scales.  Plus, with some supplies, they don't carry all sizes of envelopes.  So, depending on what your mailing, you may be better off packaging it at home and then bringing it here.
1	This post office is one of the worst I have ever visited!Most of the time I am there they only have one person behind the counter and the line is huge. I stood in line twenty minutes and the lady had the same person at the counter the whole time. I had to leave cause I was afraid I'd be late to work, I had an hour but there were still 7 or 8 people in front of me.Also, their displays are always all messed up, I grabbed a floppy package that was on top of at least 10 others labeled as small flat rate... I finally get to the cashier and she said it wasn't flat rate, they must have been missed placed. It's a freaking post office, how stupid do you have to be to miss stock the 20 items you carry?! I said okay, where are the small flat rate boxes? She points them out and says I'll have to get back at the end of the line and that I also had to pay for the floppy package that I'd "used". It ended up being cheaper just shipping the floppy by the time it all added up, but she didn't mention this till I had already "used" the flat rate box she pointed out! Hate this post office!
3	Yes, as the other reviewers have stated, there are always extremely long lines and surly attendants at this location.  However, they have two automated machines where you can do almost everything you need to do without interacting with a human at all.  The machines are super easy to use and you can pay by credit card and it just prints out your label.  Not all post offices have these so it is a definite plus.Also, if you have pre-paid envelopes or just regular stamped letters, there is a drive thru when you pull into the parking lot where you can go and just drop them in the boxes without even getting out of the car.  I know that you could take these items anywhere but I have found that they get where they are going at least a day faster by dropping them at this post office since it is the main sorting facility for our zip code.  Very important when you are a Netflix addict.
2	Used to be good service, although not too quick and usually a line.This year, several of my packages from Amazon have been returned to the sendor that I refused them--when they actually were never delivered to me.  In December, a shipment never arrived, and it showed up in mid-APril with a signature slip in my box, --like it just arrived.  July 23 I got a slip to sign for a package, that was shipped in APril--and tracked there by the shipper to this post office.  THis is happening a lot.  So I am shipping ot my home address--which I prefer not to do, because packages are insecure--often left on your door step.  If I know they're coming, I just keep an eye out.  I am going to ask my shippers--or give them feedback--to use alternative shipping methods.  This is unacceptable, and these are two examples of maybe 6 this year.  I do not get packages daily or weekly.So service at this post office has the very same staff as years I've had a box there, and many things don't show up at all, or months late, or are returned to sender saying I returned them when I did not.  Some staff good to deal with, others complain they can't afford a haircut, or no longer get overtime.  I can imagine it might be boring all day, but it is a job of choice--no one makes you do it, just like the rest of us.  I love those self serve machines. Sometimes the package drop is stuck on the weekends --or full--when afterhours is often when I have to use them.  So it requires two trips.  BUT There are worse post offices--go try the one at Val Vista around Elliott in Gilbert, or the one on Elliot and Gilbert.  Both bad, especially Val Vista.
4	The lines weren't that bad and I didn't find the people surly; I was there Dec 23rd 2011 and expecting 28 heavy boxes that had been marked with the wrong zip code. They were very helpful and gave me the "secret phone number" or whatever for the post office my boxes went to; that post office (Peoria) was very friendly and solved the problem. Also in terms of home delivery based from the Priest Post Office, the carriers will work with you to solve delivery problems like big boxes + wimpy girl. They have been consistently helpful, even though I know my box and delivery situation was a major pain for them. The only reason it's not 5 stars is they seemed understaffed for it to be the holiday season; only two people at the counter and 7 in line but the wait was about 15 minutes, which isn't bad in postal time.
3	As far as post offices are concerned, this one is descent and quick.
5	Who reviews a post office?  Lots of people, apparently.  In the past, I would get nervous about going to the post office during or after lunch for fear of spending an eternity in line.  Naturally, I would never make it in line before noon.  But guess what, the line always moves fast.  Wait time is less than ten minutes.  The staff are all very competent.  I've even called a couple of times, and received the same great service.  Visiting the post office turns out to be a very painless experience.  One might even say, "Pleasant."
5	This post office is a decent-sized post office and always busy, which is very good on a business standpoint. I've never had any problems there and always have a good experience. Their people are really helpful and ready to answer any questions asked of them. I've seen customers treat the employees terribly and that is not cool at all. The postal workers are just doing their job and they work hard at what they do.This is the friendliest post office I've been to since moving from Chandler three years ago. Their outdoor drive-up boxes are perfectly located so you can get in and drop off your outgoing mail and be on your way.
3	I am here to mail off packages that should have been sent two days ago.  I think the recipients aren't gonna mind the wait once they open their packages.  And the $100 insurance should guarantee a safe arrival.This post office is easily accesible whether you're North or South bound on Priest.  Parking lot can be crazy if it's regular business hours but after hours it's easy in, parking, and out again.Occasionally there may be a line at the machine but one or two people isn't usually so bad.  The exception to that might be when I get up to the machine and feel the need to actually read everything.  During business hours you can opt to pass on the long lines for customer service and just use a machine too.C'mon now, don't let it intimidate you.
1	This PO's problem - poor oversight of employee quality performance.  I live in their delivery area, and went as paperless as possible because important mail (bank and retirement account statements, bills, insurance and health care info, etc) was constantly mis-delivered.  And neighbors' mail delivered to me.  Over and over and over again -- I did get to meet the neighbors this way!  Contacted USPS Customer Service, reported their problem, and suggested a QA program.  Instead they asked me to do their job, requesting a detailed report for EVERY PIECE of mis-delivered mail.  (A funny - their reply email also had the usual boilerplate about how important my privacy is to them -- hahahahaha).  Wonder how many reports it would take.  And I should complain by name about an individual carrier, who I'm sure will continue handling that same mail for months while it's investigated?!  Tell you what -- how about you manage your workforce with a QC program, random inspections, instead of asking the customer to do it -- wouldn't take long for performance to improve.  Remember the old USPS commercial about superiority of mail vs online account access because a refrigerator has never been hacked?  Sure it has - USPS helped by sticking my bank statement on my neighbor's refrigerator.  I trust an encrypted connection and encrypted hard drive a lot more.  Important mail shut off permanently . . . problem solved . . . they can lose the junk mail all they want.
1	This post office is horrible. Everyone that works there has an attitude, even their "supervisor," Joel. These people lost one of my packages and blamed me for it. They offered no solution and didn't apologize for it.After tracking my package online, it said that my package had been sitting at the post office for about 3 days. I first called about it, and the guy on the phone (who I later found out was the supervisor) didn't want to listen to my situation and cut me off by telling me to hold before I was done explaining the situation. I asked him if he needed my tracking number before he put me on hold and he said "No, first I'm putting you on hold" with no explanation and in a very rude, hurried tone. After being on hold for quite a while I decided to hang up and just go over there. When I went there the woman at the counter was very rude and just had a generally unpleasant disposition. After explaining everything to her again, I was referred to the supervisor, Joel, same guy I talked to on the phone. He looked for my package and didn't find it and told me that I should have come by to ask about it earlier. I didn't realize it was my job to baby sit these people and make sure they did what they were being paid to do. I told him it had only been three days and that I was trying to be patient but that I needed my package and that after being treated poorly on the phone I decided to come get it myself and that this was an inconvenience. He said he had no idea where it was and to go check with my leasing office and see whether they had it. I went back home and checked with the leasing office - nothing. At this point I was very annoyed because they offered no answers, no help, and I was being exceptionally inconvenienced. When I arrived back at the post office they said that "maybe" they sent it back but they didn't know because their last notes said that they had it, but at that point it was obvious that they didn't. Their next piece of advice for me was to call the sender and see if they had it. I asked to speak to the manager, Joel told me he was the manager. I told him I didn't want a supervisor, that I wanted HIS manager. He said he wasn't in. I had to wrestle with Joel to get the manager's name (Andy) and when he would be in so I could talk to him about it. I called the sender, they don't have my package. It's just missing. The last people to have it were the people at the post office because there was official documentation that said so. They still haven't taken responsibility.
1	The stoners who work at Silver Mine Subs can find my house just fine. So, why can't the postman drop off my packages or leave a note? My complaint is about whomever is consistently failing to deliver my mail. This is the THIRD time that I've paid for priority shipping. Only, to have them say the package was 'undeliverable.' Each of the times they've failed to deliver, I was home sick, and within feet of the front door... ALL day! They never attempted to drop off the packages. No note. Nothing. They never bothered to get out and see if anyone was home.
1	My husband and I went to mail a couple of packages. The girl at the pick up door said "next". We got up to the door and we said hello, how are you? She just starred at us like, "What is your problem?" She didn't greet us or smile once. We asked if she had any tape to tape up one side and she said, "You will buy tape". We asked how much and she said, "I don't know. You will pay $3-$4". We said, "Okay, thank you" and drove to the UPS store on Ray and 48th St. They were awesome! They filled the box with popcorn and taped it shut for us, at no extra charge. It even cost less to ship. They were extremely helpful, friendly.  We will drive the extra 5 minutes to avoid going to this rude post office on Priest again!
