2	the workers are really nice and helpful and the plus is that they give you suggestions and advice with your purchases but as of clothes and what not, I'd rather go to forever 21 or i dont know like rue 21 for better quality and same price.
3	Some cute and affordable stuff. They are very helpful here. In fact, the staff is almost too helpful. They hover a bit and try to get me to buy some membership discount card. I do not appreciate the high pressure pushing. I just want a new top or a cheap pair of shorts.
1	Really really bad service! Girls are snobby & they get super defensive when I start asking about promos.  Its unfortunate cause their prices are really good. But I would rather drive all the way to the other one than come here (5mins away) cause I love shopping & it definitely doesnt feel comfortable shopping here.
1	Walked in and no one greeted me although I saw about 3 girls that worked there that I know for a fact saw me. They gave a look like I shouldn't be shopping there. No one was helpful and it's a shame too because I was in there to do a little shopping for my daughters birthday. One thing I will not tolerate is bad customer service which starts the second you walk into an establishment. Will not go back!
4	Styles 4 Less is like my ULTIMATE favorite shopping store. It's only 5 minutes away from my house, so I don't have to go all the way to fashion show mall to shop at Forever 21. For me, personally, styles is like the smaller version of forever. Nice clothes, cute accessories, although a little pricey. But it's worth spending my money on because I love everything in this store! Customer service is okay, sometimes they don't greet you even though they saw you walk in, but it doesn't really matter to me because I'm a regular customer, I go in there to shop till I drop!
1	I was attracted to this place because of the large selection of well priced clothes however was horribly disappointed with the way I was treated upon walking into the store. I needed jeans so I approached a lady behind the counter (later identified as Justina) and began the sentence: "hi, I'm looking for jeans but..." And I'm rudely interrupted with an eye roll and a pointing finger "the jeans are right there. Right in front of you. Do you see them?" EXCUSE ME!!! Beyond rude. I was just going to ask if you had any brands that run long because I'm 5'10 and didn't want to spend all night trying on jeans. I won't be returning.
2	I don't understand why people would come here when they can go to either Ross (regular), Target (sales- clearance) or Kohl's (sales- clearance), all in the same strip mall shopping center, and get much better deals considering there are other promotions (coupons when using your charge card at kohl's).There are a lot of generic labels here, like Ambiance Apparel (it's a popular brand in all of these "for less" stores and also sold in little stores in Hawaii, too). I think the sweaters cost a bit more here, in comparison with Ross. I remember the average cost as being $17.99. I know during the big sales ( especially during the holidays) at the malls, you could get brand names for less than that; well, I'd also check out outlet stores, too, for that matter. I've visited a few of these stores over the past couple years, but have never bought anything, which tells you something. It isn't worth it.
