5	Thuan Kieu is a Vietnamese restaurant that specialize in rice dishes.  Although they don't have Pho, they do have noodles and vermicelli.I think their most famous dish is Broken Rice with (crispy) Bean Curd Skin w/ Shrimp.  Needless to say, it is very good. I ordered a plate with the bean curd, shredded pork, steam egg and charbroiled meatball and my wife ordered broken rice with grilled pork chop.  Both come with nuoc cham dipping sauce.  I've never been impressed with other restaurant's shredded pork (too dry) and steam egg (dry & hard) but Thuan Kieu managed to exceed my expectation.The shredded pork is soft, same with the steamed egg (without being soggy).  The charbroiled meatball and pork chop are also very good.We also ordered Nem Nuong Nha Trang.  They are spring rolls with charbroiled meatballs, crispy eggroll skins and a bunch of veggies.  I have to say they are the best in the valley, I can just eat these for lunch (they come in a set of four).  If you want better Nem Nuong, you will have to go to Brodard in LA Little Saigon. I highly recommend this Vietnamese restaurant.  Their rice dishes are top notch.  Don't forget to bring some cash since they are a cash only restaurant.
4	On my first visit here, I ordered #27, which was charbroiled beef, shredded pork, steamed egg, and rice.  The charbroiled beef is EXCELLENT- slightly sweet, smoky, and salty; it reminded me of the skewers of barbecued meat I'd eaten as a child in Manila (Philippines).  The shredded pork was ok, but not something I'd order again.  The steamed egg was delicious!  So good, in fact, that I KNEW it had to be bad for me.  Sure enough, I spied something that looked like it might be finely sliced mushrooms.  Indeed, the ingredient was dried mushroom.  So, so tasty, but I soon felt vertigo (a food allergy symptom).  The texture of the rice was also very nice.  Very satisfying meal, save the vertigo and the pain that came afterward from the mushroom** :(One thing I am not looking forward to when dining here is that most of the staff do not speak or understand English.  Be sure to look for a short-haired middle-aged woman or a young man in his late teens or early 20's w/ short black hair behind the cash register (I specify only bec. there are many young men with long-ish hair w/ highlights running around).  They can speak and understand English.  The young man is the son of the owners, and he is able to translate your questions to the kitchen staff if he doesn't know the answers himself.You may order items to go.  I definitely recommend the charbroiled beef* (one pound costs $9.50 plus tax) and the deep-fried cornish hen ($5).  Oh my, the cornish hen!!  So delectable, so juicy, so garlicky!!  It comes with extra broth on the side, but you really don't need the broth.  Be sure to try the Che 3 mau- the Vietnamese version of Filipino Halo-halo.  While halo-halo has many ingredients, including red mung beans, coconut sport strings, ube, jackfruit, leche flan, cooked plantain, palm fruit gel, and tapioca pearls (many combos exist, depending on what you feel like having), Com Tam's che 3 mau has only two types of beans, crunchy red bean and creamy yellow mung, and green jelly strings (for added texture), and the belle-of-the-ball coconut milk over grated ice.  I order it sans green jelly strings (extra mung beans, please!).  TO DIE FOR!  What makes the icy dessert beverage so great is the yellow mung bean!  You definitely must try this refreshing drink!(*I've ordered the beef to go twice, and both times I'm blown away by the flavor and texture of the beef!  However, please note that it's best to let the meat rest for a few minutes before digging in.  Otherwise, you'll end up with a lot of sinewy pieces that will end up in the trash, not in your belly.  Better yet, refrigerate and eat the beef COLD- you can have it over hot rice.  Just trust me.  Ok, don't trust me, and re-heat those babies.  You'll kick yourself later.)BTW, the restaurant gets its name from the specialty it serves, Com Tam (broken rice, which I could figure out from the myriad selections that begin with "Com tam") and Thuan Kieu, which I was told was a generic name, sort of like John Smith (sounds like "thank you" but take away the "h" sound and say it more like "ten" with a "k" in the end- tenk you).Thank you Com Tam Thuan Kieu!!
4	I decided to take my friend here for lunch. He was visiting from LA. and he has taken me to a number of places in Santa Ana (aka Little Saigon). I wanted his opinion on the food here. We arrived just before the lunch crowd so we could enjoy the food. He ordered #61 the bean curd skin w/ shrimp (i know it sounds scary, but it loses something in the translation) and I had #58 grilled pork chop, steam egg (Vietnamese meatloaf), meatball and shredded pork. Our order came quickly and we dug in. I asked my friend how was his food and he said it was pretty good. As for my dish I thought it lacked big flavors. Don't get me wrong it was good, but it seemed toned down. We both agreed it would be a slightly above average joint in Santa Ana. In Phoenix it is one of the better ones. A couple of comments if you go, bring cash as they do not accept credit or debit cards. And if you want to try something new it helps if you bring someone that speaks the language.
2	Went to this place in hopes of finding some great com tam. What I found instead was really bad service and rice dishes that are made better at pho resturants. The small cups of water they give you serve no purpose. One sip and it's empty. I had to sit though almost an entire meal with no drink. Everytime I attempted to call a server over, it was almost like they ignored me. I will not be going back to this place
5	Well they now do accept credit cards.  I've eaten here several times, I love trying new things, this has got to be the first place I've eaten where everything brought out was delicious and satisfying.  This place doesn't compare to other Vietnamese restaurants.  Just try it out, you won't regret it.
5	Com tam thuan kieu rock my socks!  It is the best com tam in AZ. there is another one in santa anna and i've been there, but it's not as good as this one. prices are great. but just stick to their Com tam. don't expect them to have good pho when this place is all about com tam.
4	Solid com tam (broken rice).  That's all I really need to say.  They have just about every variation of broken rice platter you can think of and its served as it should be.  The shredded pork is very good as well as the egg cakes and egg rolls.   They do NOT have pho.  But they do have a wide variety of bun dishes that are not as good as the com tam dishes.  Prices are great.
5	Expect no com TAM-foolery here....this joint is serious about their broken rice business! Endless options of different broken rice (aka com tam= deliciousness)  dishes which typically include shredded pork and whatever type of meat flavors your fancy, all within your $6-10 wallet budget! Service is prompt and efficient, menu is ez to follow, focus your energy on the broken rice dishes; thats what theyre known for. I highly recommend the shredded pork + pork chop + steamed egg combo that comes with a light pork broth on the side. The portion is HUGE and each component of the dish is so flavorful and unique, bringing together a fantastic symphony for your palate. My personal favorite is the steamed egg; there's just something about the soft and moist texture that compliments the broken rice. Go easy on the fish sauce (ngoc mam) they give you on the side (try adding Sriracha to the sauce to add some spice in your life), the dish is by far no means lacking in flavor/sodium. All at a pansy $5.99, I could really eat this all day...everyday!
4	Broken rice, broken bits,Broken grains, broken grist,Broken fragments, broken kernels,People eating the broken grains.Ain't no use jiving,Ain't no use joking,Every grain is broken.Fellow Yelpers Brian S and Donald SDined here with me on several platesAnd an appetizerThe service was strong,The atmosphere was nice,The food was very good,Nothing broke but the rice.Every last one, busted clean in half.I had a beef and shrimp paste plate,Served over broken rice,The appetizer we shared was spring rolls,With shrimp and other stuff,They were pretty fresh and tasty,I would go here again,I would eat the broken grain,The prices are pretty good,Your wallet won't be...broken.
1	3/29/10Came here after work as Mom needed to do some light shopping at Mekong supermarket.  Since it was already 815p, she started grocery-shopping, while I placed an order for spring rolls, which Mom specially-requested, and a combination pho.  I've always wondered if the meatball dish was any good, so I ordered that, too.  In less than 10 minutes, our dishes were ready, so I texted Mom to come on over.Mom didn't really enjoy the fresh rolls- she only had half of one, and the other sat in the fridge for three days until I tossed it out.  We also didn't enjoy the meatball platter.  What a waste!  Terrible presentation (unflattering color- could've used some searing action to give the slices a nice crust), horrid texture (clammy/rubbery), and very bland in flavor.  Two bites, and I wondered who would ever order this again?  Not us!  Thankfully, the pho saved the evening!  That is, until it became quite clear, from the heightened energy levels of the cleaning crew, that they were anxious to close for the evening.  We were trying to eat as fast as we could, until I finally looked at my watch and noted it was only 8:45p!  What the...?  Then I remembered that the last time we were there, we were treated the same way, too, but it was understandable, since it was closer to 9p then.Sorry, Com Tam, but lackluster spring rolls, ghastly meatball dish, and rushing us when there was still plenty of time are two reasons too many not to come back!
3	Okay place to eat. I can only eat rice plate or the appetizer one. The others have no taste at all. I don't like the noodle. No flavor when I sip the soup. Rice recommend. Anything else please continue to look.
3	very extensive menu of different com tam dishes. they even had banh hoi, which i've only really had at home. the food itself was just ok. but, considering that i'm from CA and used to really really good vietnamese restaurants, i'm a bit biased. service is good. prices are good. i would come back.
4	I go here usually for lunch at least once a week. The food is great and you cant go wrong with the price
3	If you're indecisive, either go the whole enchilada w/ one of the special combo's (the first two on the list) or order your individual dishes.  We learned that the hard way.  First time we ordered the combo thinking it was a appetizer and then four individual dishes rice which were basically repeats of what was in the huge combo platter... way OD'd on the prepared meat(loaf-y) dishes. Went again, getting Korean chop and some other chop rice combos... fried egg rolls don't look typical (blistered almost) but the taste is fine.Food is ok, no wow factor but just A-OK.
5	What can i say? This place has the best authentic vietnamese food in town! I've been here several times and it's never failed to amaze me. The food is great quality at a wallet friendly price! The service was great, the waiters were efficient and fast. The cashier was very friendly, he even said that i had a nice body (I'm a Body builder) explains why he kept staring xDBottom line DELICIOUS QUALITY FOOD!!
4	Thank heavens Westminster (Viet town) finally came to Phoenix. This restaurant brings out the goodness of food from OC, the rightful descendent of "Trie Chu" restaurant; in terms of their de facto yellow egg noodle soup that is Khmer and Chinese style and maybe even better..This restaurant is a delight, brand new, clean, and the most desirable within Mekong Plaza shopping center. There is no reason to become Forgettable, not execute the dishes properly  and not offer plenty of food and fresh garnishment when you're next door to a SE Asian supermarket.Com Tam Thuan Kieu did well for us. I came in with relatives from out of town and we decided to try this new restaurant.  They are located across from unPhogettable pho restaurant(guess which one l like more). When you walk in, you can see that is new. They have nice decor ,seating, and proper table size. You can tell right away from the generous varieties of standard table spices( hoisen sauce, sliced green pepper, black better, fried red chili, red chili bottle, fish sauce, soy, salt..)  that it will likely be a treat. Their menu consist of 232 selections; mainly 14 appetizers, 63 Com Tam, 17 egg noodles, 7 udon noodles, 85 vermicelli dishes, etc. Coincidentally, all 3 of us diners arrived at the same #91 egg noodle dish ; the Mi Nam Vang for $5.99 . We also got shrimp eggrolls for appetizer. So you know, this place does not serve pho..Our food arrived in about 5-7 minutes. These bowl were large.  I must say, the broth for an egg noodle souple is perfection. The best way to describe the broth is that it had a crisp taste to it, with a moderate hint of meatiness or flavor, and absolutely little trace of floating oily fat, and generous in quantity.. just done right. Within the bowl were 4 shrimps, finely cut portions of quality pork and traces of other fine meat, the right quantity and quality egg noddles that still is crisp, and one surprising quail egg(for mixing). See the pics...The garnishments were the best I seen in Phoenix so far and generously portioned also ; sprouts, limes, green pepper, "that leaf that looks like  a weed" and  the shingiku (tongo) leaf... This soup bowl could be the only meal of the day and I would say "healthy" and refreshing one. Service was responsive and minimally sufficient. Our group was extremely happy and would be happy to come again.  A great way to start the shopping. It came to about $10 a person, a surperb value and this place is definitely on my recommended list......BTW: It's cool that they decided to build this shopping center in the middle of a desolate strip of Mesa.  Anyone who likes SE Asian food done right is lucky to be near this place.
4	I came back for the yellow egg noodle with seafood. It was a decent dish but not as delightful and plentiful as #91. Would definitely come back again for other items... Come with a group and you can sample more diverse items....
3	Huge menu of various Vietnamese comfort foods.  My friends and I had various vermicelli bowls and all were flavorful with a good mix of noodles to proteins.  After being warned that AZ lacked good Asian restaurants, my friends and I were pleasantly surprised by the variety available at the restaurant and within Mekong Square.  Definitely a place with a little something for everyone.
4	Very decent rice plates at reasonable prices. I've come here multiple times when it's busy to order take out, and it still gets done in under 10 minutes! Steaming hot when I pick it up, and still very hot after a 30 minute drive home!
4	During my 1-hr lunch, I decided to give CTTK a try. I ordered their "com tam bi cha suong", which is broken rice with pork chop and other stuff which I can't translate to english (sorry). I like the fact that the meal come with a small bowl of soup broth, which is common but I was delighted to find a piece of pork meat with chewy tendon in the soup. The soup was just perfect for me. Not too salty or bland. The broken rice was kind of dry, but once you pour the fish sauce on, it's good. The pork chop look very appealing along with the cucumber and pickled vegetable. Although it would be perfect if they put some cut tomatoes on my rice.I haven't had "com tam" for a while so not sure what the average price for the dish would be. I look at their price, it can range from 6.99 to 7.99 depending on you want with your broken rice. As for the place, it is very new and I like the ikea dim light setting and the loud vietnamese songs that they are playing, which is good so you don't have to listen to what the other table is talking about. Although I would suggest they pick a different genre of Vietnamese songs.
5	Is it fair to ask to an Asian boy to talk about rice?  I've eaten a lot in my lifetime :)  Rice with kung pao ck, rice with sweet sour pork, rice with ck parmesan, rice with enchiladas, rice with green curry, rice with Thanksgiving turkey.... the list goes on and on.  Rice the staple crop of man :) (or at least Asian man)  I love coming here for lunch or dinner -- broken rice with your choice of topping - literally!  Our servers are on the ball seriously - sit your butt down and in 30 seconds you should know what you want -- the menu only has over 100 items?!  I can't say much for the decors - very dive Vietnameseish, but that's when you know the food is good.  Since the number 22 is my favorite number -- go with the number 22 next time you drop by :) - Enjoy!
2	I didn't like this place so much, maybe because I'm Vietnamese? But their food is nothing special really. Very common for a Vietnamese restaurant but their specialty is their rice plates so I would hope it was delicious.I love my food to come out hot if it is suppose to be hot or at least warm maybe but when I order their special rice plate, the meats came out cold and the rice was a little warm. Didn't even bother asking them to reheat it because the staff there seems no where to be found. I do like that the plates do come with a bowl of hot soup which do come out hot [:I don't know. If you don't have a Vietnamese mom who knows how to cook rice plates then I would recommend going here but I do have a mother who can do better so I definitely will not be returning.
4	Holy crap, it's not a mirage...decent Bun Bo Hue w/ all the good stuff in AZ??!!They specialize more in rice plates, so I was a bit tentative, but definitely worth getting when you feenin' for that pig blood.
4	Gigantic menu, tasty food, and good service.I got a Seafood H Tiu dish, which I thoroughly enjoyed.  Not the best I have ever had by any means, but still pretty good.  My only real qualm was the lack of fish balls which normally accompany a seafood Ph/H Tiu.  I know that the fish balls are more of a fusion (Thai/Chinese) cuisine, but whether it is just an Americanized version of the dish that includes them, I really missed them in this dish.
5	This place...has the best Nem ever......
4	I've been here a lot, but I've always had the broken rice dish.  I brought my parents here while they were visiting to get their take on it.  The broken rice dishes are all great.  The menu might look giant, but all the dishes are just slight variations of each other.  If you had broken rice with about 11 different things you can get on it... just imagine the different variations of menu items you can write.  My dad had the bi suon ta hu ky which is shredded pork, pork chop, and a tofu skin wrap filled with shrimp.  He really liked it and said it reminded him of something that he would get in northern cali.My mom and I ordered dishes that are really hard to find at other restaurants.  She had these little rice vermicelli pattie noodles with some pork and a fish sauce topping.  She said the vermicelli was a little dry, but the pork was really good.I had the banh canh which is an udon like noodle in a  a light pork broth.  The broth was really good.  I think it's better than the one next door (unphogettable).  If you look at the broth, it's crystal clear which is something that's hard to do.  Pricing is really fair with around 7.99 a dish that would have anyone walking away really full.I give it only 4 stars, because the tea situation really weirds me out.  They pour tea in a tall glass that would be used for water.  The glass was really hot, and it cooled down really quickly.  My mom even asked if they had a pot of tea, and they said no.  She said a pot of tea would stay warm longer and taste a lot better.Overall I would definitely come here and eat anytime while I'm grocery shopping.  I've actually made my way to this place after a long night of drinking to cure the blues.
5	This is my favorite place at Mekong Plaza. Their Bun Bo Hue, a noodle soup with beef and blood pudding, is actually better than some of the versions I had in Vietnam: very beefy with lots of fresh herbs on the side. It's a large portion for a good price. I would review their other dishes but I just can't help ordering Bun Bo Hue every time I go :-)
5	After being in Texas for the past few months coming back here flooded my tongue with so many great memories. The egg rolls were pure bliss just as i remembered. The vermicelli with beef and shrimp paste was very good. They never cease to amaze me!
3	If your truly craving some true Vietnamese food then this is the place to go!! They offer such colossal portions and the service is wonderful too.    However, it honestly wasn't for me, not my kind of taste. But trust me if your a true Vietnamese food lover, then this is your place of food. It's also conveniently located in a plaza that has other small restaurants and a grocery store!!! ***** Have fun!!!******
5	One of the best Vietnamese restaurants in AZ for sure! This is our family's go-to restaurant whenever we are craving "broken rice" or happen to be on the east side. This is probably my mom's favorite place to eat regardless of the occasion. She's asked to come here for everything. Her birthday, Valentine's Day, Mother's Day, etc. My mom is one of THE pickiest eaters I have EVER encountered, and if she likes a certain restaurant...that says A LOT!The service is always good here. Much better than most Asian restaurants in AZ. I'm pretty sure I've had the same waiter everytime I've been there and he's always been great!I always get the Com Tam Bi Suon Cha Tau Hu Ky and it's never disappointed. When I'm feeling like a little fatty, I'll do the 7 Mon /"All 7" and basically pay a little more to try a little bit of everything. That also means that I have to come with an empty stomach because...it's a whole lot of food! I wouldn't suggest doing the 10 Mon/"All10" unless you were planning to either share it or take leftovers home. Their portions are rediculously large! The pork chop is always grilled just right and their food flavoring is very consistent for the most part. Sometimes the broth is a little saltier than others, but for me...that doesn't really matter because I like the extra kick! :)You can always ask them for a little bit of boiled water to make it less salty if you want. This is a Vietnamese restaurant you don't want to pass up if you're ever in town. I know I don't. :p
5	One of the Viet restaurants we hit up a lot.  The rice plates are very generous and taste good.  The spring rolls and egg rolls are also good.  Had a few different broken rice plates and had no complaints thus far.  Not too many dessert choices, but a pretty good spot if you have that rice craving.  Also, next to market and boba spots...that was a plus.
4	Service is fast and efficient, food is excellent. I wish they would stop walking away when you are trying to finish your order. Stand still, SMILE and listen to your customers who have chosen to spend their hard earned money at your business!
5	Banh Pho and Bun are both awesome. Love this place.
5	Came with my Vietnamese coworker and friend.  He orders in Vietnamese.  I order using the system by which each dish has a unique number.  The specialty of the house is the fifty or so broken rice dishes and my lunch companion and I decided that "Com Tam something something" shall be known as "Broken Rice" because the actual name is unpronounceable by most Americans and there is already a restaurant in the lunch rotation known as the Vietnamese place.  Did I mention that the coconut water comes in an actually coconut?  Spoon included.  If the large portions don't fill you up, you can gnaw on the coconut meat.Broken Rice is located next to the entrance of the Mekong Grocery Store opposite UnPHOgettable.  One of the two opted for the American friendly name; both seem authentic to someone who has never set foot in Vietnam, but I did get a peek at the country when I was in Thailand.  One has pho, the other, broken rice, which is about a third the size of regular rice.  Wikipedia says broken rice may or may not be less nutritious than regular rice and that it is less expensive.  My Vietnamese friend says it is less common in Vietnam, and thus fancier, but I can't figure out why.  The main difference is the texture and not the taste, not that I really noticed.  In any case, I recommend all of the broken rice dishes.I had whatever was suggested by the waiter in lieu of what I ordered, Vietnamese friend not required when ordering.  It had shrimp egg rolls and beef with a heap of broken rice and some veggies.  Soup and a small bowl of fish sauce arrived before the meal.  My Vietnamese friend added some chilly sauce to the fish sauce and spooned some of the mixture onto his meal.  I followed suite.  All in all, I look forward to returning and trying some other numbers.
5	The first we ate (me & hubby)   ,we can't believe, OMGvery delicious BBQ , we always order no 1 and no 20 , next time no 1 and no 21 or 22 ,not order to much,because the food to much .if you like BBQ ,  broken rice and something BBQ .This place no 1 for BBQ Vietnam style in Arizona.# 1 rice nodlle with BBQ and vegetable,# 20 broken rice with 10 kind BBQ .they accept  credit card  visa or master, but  not american express. for us , not  soup, sometimes aroma(smell) soup fishy.This place inside Mekong Plaza ( and opposite Mekong Market.)I recommend this place for all  BBQ .
4	Best nem nuong cuon in the valley..  sometimes they give a lot a lot of pork sausage but i don't complain, except that it fills me up to where i can't eat my main course =)  The sauce is amazing, definitely a must try if you are in the area.
2	Broken rice and 10 different meats. There are 2 egg rolls which were really greasy and salty, there is 1 pork patty, 1 shrimp patty, 1 shimp wrapped with tofu wrap, 2 grilled shrimps, bbq pork chop , pork sausage, and shredded pork skin The meats are not flavorful. Nothing special. They can make the food less greasy so there won't be an after grease taste afterward.
4	The same com tam as the location in Westminister...flavors don't suffer at all but the portions and price do a little. Still, delicious and cheap Vietnamese. Love their crispy eggrolls and their che ba mau.
4	Any of the broken rice dishes are really good!
2	Had the com tam with pork and shrimp paste. The pork was really sweet and didn't taste like pork, the shrimp paste was terrible - very soft and tasted flavorless as well. The nem nuong cuons were also not very memorable, very red for some reason. Verdict: not memorable and definitely have had better.
3	Right inside the Mekong Plaza as you walk in the main entrance. Place is very simple inside with really fast service although they both lack some charm.Menu is rather large and is set up with a number system. They easily have over a hundred different choices. I like the assortment of items on the table like chilies, fish sauce, hoisin sauce, jalapeno peppers, etc. that you can use to customize your dishes.Really enjoy the different appetizers such as the shrimp and pork rolls with their special peanut sauce and then some. The broken rice dishes are also a tasty favorite. Tried the some of the soups and thought they were good but seemed a little lack luster compared with what I have ordered at other places around town. Some items that say charbroiled seemed and tasted like they were maybe stir fried or cooked differently. It can get a little confusing but still worth the adventure.Definitively a good value and a fun place to try out and experiment with new flavors that you may not have tried before.3.5 Stars
2	The food here is ok,  but not compared to California.  However, Customer Service at the register is very bad.  The woman there named Margaret was very rude.  The waiter messed up our orders, so I was trying to straighten them out with Margaret at the register, since the waiter was busy eating in the back at that time.  My mom had been waiting for her food for a long time.  She had ordered a dish that they didn't have in stock, so we had to change the order to something else.   MARGARET RUDELY RESPONDED "YOU TALK TO THAT WAITER.  DON'T TALK TO ME ABOUT IT"   DOESN'T SHE WORK THERE? IF NOT, THEN SHE SHOULD GO HOME!  Margaret was not busy at that time; she was just chatting with another woman there.  If the waiter is busy eating in the back, I think that it's her job to assist the customer when they come to the register.  I think she may be the owner's daughter.   That may be a reason why she behaved that way.  She thinks she's exempt from good customer service.   We have eaten at this restaurant for a few years, but after today, will never come back there again.   We will tell our  friends and acquaintances not to come to this restaurant anymore or expect bad service when you do, unless the restaurant owner tell Ms. Margaret to give better customer service or don't work there anymore!   I have never experienced such bad service from anyone when we dine in any restaurant until today.  Such a shame!
2	2 1/2 rounded down to 2 (elsewhere I'd give it a 3, but there is too much good competition around here)  I came here because my favorite, Hue Gourmet, was closed today, Wednesday.  I'm not a big fan of this place, neither here nor in Tucson.  Maybe it's because I haven't had their specialty, broken rice.  I did have pork soup.  Middling.
4	The only Com Tam restaurant I have tried in Arizona since they don't have much restaurants like this here! Located right in the Mekong Plaza to the right of Unphogettable and the main entrance into the Plaza and the market!Being known for their Broken Rice plates with a side of variety of different meats, they also have many more items to choose from such as Congee, Spring Rolls, and Vermicelli from what I recall from taking a look at the menu!I had their Com Tam Thit Bo Dai Han which is Broken Rice with Korean BBQ Ribs. It was delicious!!!!! Nothing to complain about the service was great and always refilled my water and always came to our table to please us and gave us what we needed! Did not wait too long for food about 10 minutes and portions are huge to me! I barely finished it!
2	I had their Bo luc lac.  Not impressed, the flavor was really off.  Maybe this is because grew up in the San Gabriel Valley and lived near Garden Grove for 2 years.  But all in all I wouldn't go back.
4	The Foods here are great. The prices are very reasonable. Service is fine. The only thing that I don't like is the cashier. Sometimes the cashier is nice but sometimes is not. One time, I came to the cashier and asked for the check, I said clearly "can I please have the check?", the cashier just typed something in the computer and told me "$26. Something" (for the whole conversation she did not say hi, smile, or bother looking at my face, just so rude, it's not even funny), I felt bad for a moment, paid, and asked for a box, did not answer or reply or anything about the request, she asked me to sign on the receipt and gave me the box. That was the only bad experience I've had, other than that, the food is very authentic, great price, good people. Perfect dried Nam Vang egg noodles. Just like ik Vietnam
3	Food were ok.  Nothing to brag about.  Service was a bit hard to get.  Typical Asian service I guess.
5	Their food is to die for! Best spring rolls for daaays! I can drink that nem nuong sauce like water!
4	I used to live in Orange County and I would never eat at this chain. But here in Mesa, this chain is better than other Vietnamese restaurants in the vicinity. I discovered that they have pretty good Hu Tieu nam vang and nem nuong Nha trang.
4	Located right inside the entrance to Mekong Plaza, this small and dimly lit restaurant serves large portions of tasty food.  The Spring Rolls were uniquely crisp; the peanut sauce very thick.  Unlike many Vietnamese restaurants --- especially the more west you head from central Phoenix --- this restaurant has an extensive menu, though a good number of the dishes seem to be for take out only.  Be aware that the rice dishes come with a lot of rice; that is not to say, however, that there is an imbalance in respect to other ingredients:  yes, there's lots of rice, but there's also a lot of meat and other ingredients on the main dishes.  The cha gio resembles croquettes more than they do egg rolls, but they're tasty, too.  Each egg roll comes with a very large piece of Romaine lettuce to wrap it in.To sum up, if you are at the plaza, this is a nice place to eat with reasonable prices for the portions.  Service can be spotty  (i.e., it may be a while before they take your order), but once they take your order, they're fast and attentive.
2	Broken rice dishes are good, portions are big but the place is really dirty and the service is horrible.
2	It really pisses me off when a restaurant has really good food but the WORST service! My mom wanted to take the family out to eat and she said com tam thuan kieu was really good! That's true but as we were walking in the restaurant, the waitresses didn't even greet us. Until we stood there for a whole 5 mins, they finally noticed us and asked us to sit down. They didn't even pass out menus so I had to get up and get them myself. Also I brought my brothers with me and they didn't bother to get high chairs for them, so I had to get them too. We waited about 15 mins for someone to take our order, which was funny because there was barely anyone there. Honestly the guy who worked there just looked like he was high and the girls were just sitting behind the counter.We ate com tam (broken rice) and it was really really good. Made up for the service for the time being. The guy cleaned up while my uncle was still eating so we got up, paid and left. Needless to say, it's worth it to go for the food but if you care about service, then don't go. Thank god I was only here for vacation but my mom, who lives here, says she has to find a new place to eat com tam or go when the owner is there (she says he's super nice).
5	This is the best place in Arizona for Vietnamese rice dishes. Also, there nem nuong and spring rolls are rolled with egg roll shells deep fried giving the overall rolls a nice crunch and texture when biting into it. This place is legit and the closest thing to a home cook meal.I eat here at least once a week : DIt reminds me of food from California.
5	The food here is delicious! They specialize in broken rice dishes, my favorite dish here is the short ribs on broken rice. It has a lot of flavor and it's cooked very well. It also comes with a flavorful pork broth soup on the side. They have other dishes like the vermicelli, pork base noodle soup, rice porridge, and a lot more. I've tried their egg rolls and it was the best egg rolls I've ever tried, very crispy and fresh out the fryer! I would come back for more and try something different because their food is the bomb!
5	I love Com tam thuan kieu!! the food is amazing here! They have a large variety of Delicious Vietnamese foods including soups rice and awesome appetizers! I love the atmosphere and how clean the restaurant is! The staff is super nice and does their best to make their guests feel welcome :)
1	I walked in and stood there. I wanted to buy some food but I waited, and waited. I practically stood there for over 15 minutes.  When i was in front of the line people walked in behind me and were greeted when i was not. I waited  there for a while, and soon after, I left and decided to go elsewhere. I would not recommend this place to anyone, and I will not be returning. I was very upset with the service considering I have been there multiple times.
5	foood is terrific here! i love the broken rice and vermicelli dishes! Very clean asian restaurant and the workers are on top of their cleaning game! i love that they have such a large variety on their menu and you can also order a la carte! Nancy is such a sweet girl (the one up front) she is always laughing and makes sure she greets us right when we walk in! i definitely recommend coming to this place!
5	By far the best Vietnamese food I've had. Most authentic. They don't serve pho so don't come here looking for it.
1	All of the dishes were fantastic, when the new owner took over. Now the dishes have been of such poor quality that I would rather eat "Asian" frozen food.
4	Yummy  I love ph, and I've been to many a Vietnamese restaurant looking for ph. This place has wonderful ph, especially for Arizona. I love their broken rice dishes as well; the eggs and the pork are delicious.
4	This is a simple food kiosk in the food court it shares.  My wife and I ordered Hu Tiu Nam Vang.  It was good.  My wife, who is Vietnamese, was pleasantly surprised.  Though the food can not be compared to what is in Vietnam, it is good.  My wife was surprised.  FYI:  It appears that this place is run by a person who is affiliated with the Hung's Hair Design around the corner just off the food court.  It appears to be of the same family.  The person taking my order recognized me as I have had him as my hairstylist at Hung's Hair Design.
