4	Golden Spoon froyo beats the Pinkberrys and Red Mangos. Fat free and lo-cal but with the decadent toppings. Mm, edible oxymoron. Live cultures is the buzz word. I don't know if the Pinkberrys think its cute to only have two yogurt flavors., but I don't. Its lazy in disguise. Golden Spoon has like, ten at a time. And you can combine. Asinine. They have typical white person toppings, like Heath bar and hot fudge and stuff. But the Almond Roca is not really Almond Roca. Hello, false advertisement? I want some authentic toffee, goddangit. A small is plenty enough for a 120 pound Asian girl with a tapeworm. ~$5 with two toppings, I think. White people froyo is WAY better than Asian froyo. You win this round, white people. But we'll come back with something as bomb as paper or noodles or cell phones that can shoot laser beams. I wonder if you can suck bandwith from Panera next door ... * off the strip, non-casino
3	Well, after having Vivido Gelato, it's hard to compete with them.  But this is very refreshing.   My favorite is Tarte Mango.  I deducted some stars because I caught them closing early when I made a yogurt run.  I also would like to see more variety of flavors.  But it is very good and they do offer several toppings if that's your thing.
5	Such delicious flavors...My favorite frozen yogurt place ever! The definitely helped to assist me in my quest to quit smoking.I LOVE Mounds Bar flavor!!! I think I ate the entire batch this past summer!Now after glancing at their website I see they've discontinued it along with many other flavors I remembered so thereforeI totally do not regret it at all. (Especially since now it's been over a year of being cigarette free)The price & calorie count can't be beat. Why would anyone want to waste their waistline at an evil ice cream parlor?
4	Normally I kinda skip over Golden Spoon because when I want a soft serve creamy flavor I go to DQ or I go to an Asian "tart" kind of froyo spot so this was a good chance to try it out. I have the low fat toffee (heath). It didn't taste as much heath bar as I was expecting and was more like, a toffee with coffee flavor. It was good though and I'd probably get it again since there's one in front of my house. Thanks- I got free yogurt today during their free promo day. I can't complain about that.
3	This review is 100% based off the fact that I love Poppy's frozen yogurt over in Mountain's Edge. The major issue I have with chains like Golden Spoon is that they are always profit first, customer second. If they switched over to a pay per weight model I would easily give this place a better rating.I've been here several times mainly because Poppy's is too far for a late night froyo craving. Their flavor selection is always changing and they generally have about 15 flavors to choose from which is nice. Sadly the price you pay is definitely not worth it especially at .50 per topping. If you are looking to try a lot of different flavors then definitely make a trip or two but if you are looking for a combination of interesting flavors, a myriad of toppings, and paying for what you eat then head to Poppy's. Thank me later, especially when you see who works there!
4	Finally...Kuge will REVIEW...Golden Spoon.The Great One understands the debate weighted pricing of frozen yogurt and fixed pricing of frozen yogurt.Well he is letting all of his fans know that this review is based off of his enjoyment of Frozen Yogurt.Golden Spoon is a simple place with very good frozen yogurt hands down.  Any Roody Poo can order a small or quart size of frozen yogurt and get a few flavors and a few bucks.  But Kuge knows that the best value is the Pint sized cup for $4.00.  Peanut butter cup, cake batter, and graham cracker or The Great One's favorites. The service is awesome and the staff is very friendly.  And they often change flavors every week (if not more frequent).  Kuge is pleased that it does seem like Golden Spoon has more of a Homely feel to it.  Kuge also thinks that even though they change flavors often, the overall selection is pretty generic and it's not that much of a variety.Overall, Golden Spoon is a solid establishment and the service is good.  Kuge is giving Golden Spoon 4 Rock Bottoms of out 5.  And if anyone thinks differently that it's worse, well I guess you can grab a golden spoon, stick it sideways, and stick it STRAIGHT UP YOUR CANDY A-Kuge believes you get the point :D
5	I constantly remind my boyfriend that he's responsible for my addition to Golden Spoon yogurt addiction. I've tried the self-serve price-by-weight yogurt places. Judging solely on yogurt taste alone, I think GS comes out on top. It's always creamy in texture. They offer lots of toppings, plus if you're like me who watches those calories, you can't beat frozen yogurt, period. 4 oz small is only 100 calories. :)Which flavors to try? St Patrick's MintGraham CrackerChocolate MaltPeanut Butter CupI only eat Golden Spoons yogurt now... Yummy! :)
5	Love it.
4	Stopped in here Saturday 12/1/12 around 8 or so.   I haven't had Golden Spoon in years since shopping at one of the Smith's and have gotten used to all the serve yourself yogurt places but after 1 visit  to this little unassuming shop I'm a convert.  The store was very clean and the choices were aplenty.  I asked to sample the Salted Caramel- OH.  MY.  GOD.   I got a large and I am sad I mixed it with Chocolate (which was good) because the SALTED CARAMEL ROCKS!!!  I was so jonesing for it the next day that my husband went to the one nearest our home (DI/Hualapai) but alas, they did not have the SALTED CARAMEL... sigh...  I will make sure to call before we go (although they had some other tasty flavors that piqued my taste buds -Graham Cracker, Pumpkin Spice).
