5	We had my 6 year old daughter's birthday here and it was FABULOUS. I mean, seriously, they do EVERYTHING for you. From invitations to goodie bags, and everything in between. The proprietors are a joy to work with, very friendly and hospitable, and the party was so much fun! We just had a baby a month ago. 2 weeks prior I realized my oldest's birthday was coming up, and did I mention we were having a baby?? I thought I was going to do a bounce house and order pizza and have games and goodie bags, etc., but then we heard about Mrs. Potts and I saw the light. The price of the party included invitations, the food, the cake, the games, the prizes, and each child got to take home a crown and a wand. And they have AMAZING Disney princess impersonators. Like, Disneyland worthy. We had Merida from Brave, and she even spoke with the accent! You get to choose the types of sandwiches, the types of "tea", the colors on the cake, the princess you have, and the type of party you want (Princess or dress-up). Plus, 2 English maids help serve and keep the party moving. Parents are welcome to sit in the sitting room and they have cake and water, plus you can bring your own snacks if you want to. Totally worth it--5 stars, lots of thumbs up! Thank you Mrs. Potts for making our daughter's birthday a major success!
5	FABULOUS!!!!  Just had my 4 year old daughter's party there today!  Best $ I have ever spent on a party!!  It was as good as a Disney experience!  Such a fun time for the girls!  Would give 10 stars if I could!  : )
2	Although Mrs. Pott's Tea Party had an amazing location and great party material, The Owner, If I remember her name correctly Chara or Charla, was extremely rude. Not only was she rude to all the parents, but to my daughter and her party guests. Also, One of the workers there is a neighbor and she was telling me the two years she had been working there, Charla or Chara has treated her and the other workers with disrespect and she has not payed them fairly.First, I got to the party a little early (20 minutes) and because of this, the owner was being rude to me as If I were intruding on her. She then made my daughter and I wait outside. It was extremely hot and she did not offer us anything to make our stay more comfortable. After this, my daughter told me she was being mean to her when she was getting her dressed up to be presented to the rest of her party guests. My daughter never complains about anything and this to me, broke my heart. My daughter explained that she was rushing her to do everything and yelling at her to hurry up. She also said that when the owner was doing her hair, she was pulling it very hard even after she said "OW!". I was also talking to the other mothers after the party and they said their daughters said the same things. My daughter did not tell me about this until after the party. If I had known earlier, I would have not paid, especially with how expensive everything was.The owner was absolutely rude to all the guests the entire time. She definitely does NOT have a way with kids. The business could be so wonderful with all the Disney princesses and decorations. However, The owner's rude attitude and manner have really disappointed me.Also, Chara or Charla is clearly under-paying the poor employees. It is enough that they have to deal with her awful attitude, and it is unfair that they are getting "ripped off" from pay. My neighbor was telling me they get paid 8 dollars an hour. However, they have 30 minutes before for and 30 minutes after work to set up for the next parties which is a lot of work. They DO NOT get paid for this extra hour of work. These girls need the money so of course they are going to work very hard for it, even if they do not get paid appropriately. Also, the tips paid by the mothers are supposed to go to the WORKERS. On MANY occasions, the owner has kept the tips for herself and has not given it to the workers. Those poor girls have excellent work ethic and amazing personalities. My daughter's guests absolutely loved them! It is so sad that they had to deal with this horrible lady this whole time.All in all, I am so disappointed and heart broken that my daughter had to spend her party like this. It could have gone amazing but clearly, this owner is in the wrong business.
5	This place is great!  We had my daughters party here last year, it was amazing!  She and her friends are still talking about the fun they had.  Though it was my daughters birthday and she was made to feel like royalty, all her guests also got royal treatment.  The staff is fabulous & etiquette lesson was superb!Great job ladies!!
5	We went to a "frozen" party this afternoon at Mrs Potts Tea Party and it was AMAZING.  The event literally brought tears to my eyes because all of the girls (ages 3-6 years) truly believed that the girl playing Elsa was the one and only Elsa. She was absolutely incredible- she knew the answers to all of their hardest questions (what age did you gain control of your powers....she promptly answered "21" and had a back story to back it up).  Her voice was incredible when she sang her signature song at the end of the party, and her entire demeanor was so believable. The girl who was the hostess was also so helpful and sweet.  My daughter cannot stop talking about this birthday party- everything was top notch and so memorable. Totally recommend this place for a birthday party!!
5	My daughter had her 6th birthday party here this past weekend and both my wife and I were so overly impressed by the entire party.  My daughter and all of her friends had such a wonderful time.  She is already planning to have her 7th birthday party here next year.  The entire staff treated my daughter and all of her friends like little princesses.  There were so many activities the time just flew by.To sum things up, this is the best money that I have ever spent on a kids birthday party!
