4	My cousin and I were talking about metaphysical bookstores (she's really into that kind of stuff) and somehow the topic strayed on to the bookstore she used to love going to when I lived in Vegas - The Psychic Eye. She would literally haunt that place during her stays. Hey - it kept her out of my hair.  ;)The book part of the store is fairly large despite its exterior. It's also a nice cool place to relax. Yea, they play new age-y kind of music and I tune that out since it normally puts me on edge. I admit to going there for mostly candle holders, room fresheners and incense. I also like the kitsch-y feel to it.According to my cousin, they've got an excellent selection of books for the solo wicca practitioner. They also have a good deal of books on herbs to choose from.I loved the smell of the incense that was always burning when I would walk in. It's a nice, pleasant atmosphere and there is absolutely no pretentiousness when you walk in. I like places like that. I'm no practitioner of anything except metal arts. I read my horoscope in the back of mags that's I've pilfered from friends homes...while on the toilet.  TMI?  Sorry.As a birthday gift several years ago, my friends in Vegas decided to get me a tarot card reading from Abby (she's still there). Abby startled me at first with her big hair and make-up -- very John Waters. I was also a bit puzzled when she took me to a backroom and the only thought going through my head was, "NO SECOND LOCATION!!!" as I plotted a way to fight her off if I had to. Nope, I didn't have to worry about such a thing.I thought going to a backroom away from the crowd of the bookstore was a nice, private way to have your cards read.Since then, when I go to bookstores such as this with my cousin, I look for that kind of privacy, but I haven't found it here in Phoenix/Scottsdale/Mesa. Your business and readings are there for all to listen. In many ways, I'm a private person and I certainly don't want people listening in on my readings.Ah, if only the Psychic Eye would open here in the Phoenix area...
3	This was a nice little shop to visit. They sell candles, incense, books, art (paintings, sculptures, and more), stones, crystals, and many other things for mystics of all kinds.  They were out of Tarot cards the day I visited, which was surprising.  They have on-site psychic readings, which I would like to experience one day, although they do the readings behind curtains, which allows everyone to hear you.  The atmosphere of the shop is friendly and comfortable with just the right ambience for a shop of its kind.
4	It was clean and they were nice. There was kind of a creepy guy there though but he wasn't an employee...
4	Always pleasant to visit here. They have events often enough, though I have yet to try seeking a psychic for a reading. The store is well stocked with books and whatever Wiccan items one might need. The people are very helpful as well, always ready to answer any questions one may have.
4	As a scientist, I felt as though my most sacrosanct beliefs were violated when I stepped into this place. However, don't let the name of this place deceive you - with just a few shelves of books it is no more of a bookstore than my living room. But if you come here for something more than just books, you'll be in for a treat. They have unique clothing (super cute dresses imported from India, belly dancer outfits, tribal scarves and skirts), wall tapestries, jewelry, incense and candles. various statues of buddha and religious ornaments, ornate boxes, pestles and mortars, Buddhist gongs, miniature wiccan-looking wall mirrors, and sooooooooo much more! A few items that I would love to purchase include a mystical looking black sand hourglass, a Gregorian book-shaped carved box, a black free-standing mirror that's perfect next to your front door to check your outfit before leaving your house, oh and those hanging tapestries! The only caveat is that the prices are really high for every single item in this shop. With that, I took off one star.Also, they have psychic readings here, if you're into those things.
1	Couldn't find shit in here and no one really bothers to ask if you need help no matter how lost you look.I certainly am not going to go out of my way to ask for help if the associates are going to chat away. Clearly that implies business isn't very important. Last time I go there
5	I love this store. From buying patchouli to sprinkle outside my store to candles to burn for prosperity. Everyone is really helpful..
1	Me and my boyfriend decided to go in and take a look around the store just out of curiosity. We were barely greeted when we walked in. We walked about for 30 minutes or so and they never once even acknowledged we were there. I wanted to ask about Psychic readings but the 2 workers were so into their own conversations that they didn't even notice me standing in front of their counter. So we left without buying anything and with no information. Will not go back to this location. :/
