5	Amazing bon bons made by a chocolatier from Amsterdam. Incredibly, all profits from this store go to the Madison Scouts (see article in the Wisconsin State Journal: http://bit.ly/cvSuMa ).
5	This is the most amazing chocolate I have ever eaten, and I've eaten a lot of chocolate!  Be sure to try the berry cream (I had dark chocolate) it is awesome!  Huge selection of chocolates, hard to choose just a few.  I bought a box of 7 and each one was delicious.  The chocolate mice are so cute and sooooooooo good.  The gentleman that runs the store is personable and helpful in describing the candy and answering questions.  The shop is beautiful.  It is definitely my new favorite.  Try a sample...you will be hooked!  Also, profits are donated to charity.
4	The employee when I went in was so helpful...it's in a really nice shopping center and although it's a little pricey...I guess that's the going rate for chocolates and such in this neck of the woods...I stopped in for gelato...and ended up getting two pieces of chocolate as well...the gelato was super tasty...unfortunately I got the chocolate for a customer so I can't comment on how that was...
5	Fabulous chocolate and DIVINE gelato. I had the red raspberry (Dairy-free) gelato, which tasted so much like raspberries it was insane, with the deliciously dark and chocolatey black forest gelato. The two combined were just divine and creamy and delicious.Their chocolate was equally delicious and the samples were lovely. Very dark, not bitter or dry, but deep and barely sweet and perfect. Huge variety to select from and good prices for a chocolate shop.
5	The phone number listed is wrong; it is: 608-819-2290.This place has lovely European-style chocolates. In particular, their tulip-shaped chocolate cups are wonderful, and are great as a serving vessel for their gelato or sorbert. Recommended.
5	Did the gelato and chocolate tasting using a Living Social deal. It was so fun! The employees were very friendly. We got a nice history of the company, and a little information about the gelato and chocolate manufacturing. We had enough gelato after the tasting that we decided to upgrade to a pint and take it home with us, along with some chocolates.The salted caramel gelato was my favorite, the banana and chocolate were also amazing! The chocolates were very unique, with a creme filling that isn't like normal creme fillings. I loved the peanut butter, as it was very light. The raspberry, filled with a gel, was amazing as well!
5	I usually get my graham cracker (grandma) chocolates for Xmas and I wanted to try something new this year instead of the usual Godiva box.  Man, am I glad I stopped by here!  I bought some stocking stuffers and sampled them over the weekend....Amazing!  Reasonably priced, too, about $8 or so for 5 chocolates.  So happy I stopped in.
4	I love this chocolate shop! The staff is friendly and helpful.  Great place to nosh on some bon bons and/or gelato. For those that prefer non-dairy, they do offer 2 options of sorbetto.On a side note, their hot chocolate is quite tasty.
2	I really had a hankering for chocolate, so I used Yelp to find somewhere that had chocolate and found that this was nearby our hotel.I looked on their website and saw a particular chocolate I would like to try -- butterscotch.So we loaded the kids in the car, and headed over. My husband and I each picked 2 chocolates, and each of my kids picked 1. We had a total of 6 pieces, which cost us over $1.00 each with tax when it was all said and done.Okay. Fine. It was a special treat and we were away for the weekend celebrating our daughter's birthday.However, I would have been happier with a Snickers bar that cost 89 cents.Maybe my taste buds aren't sophisticated enough for this "fancy" kind of chocolate, but I kind of felt like "That's it?" after I ate it.  The shop is cute, though, and the chocolates look beautiful sitting there.
5	Yum Yum Yum. I wish I discovered this place sooner! I want to try the chocolate au lait next time I am in town. I ended up buying three chocolate frogs and three chocolate corns. nom nom nom.
