5	I just LOVE this store. If I had an endless supply of $$ my son would only wear clothes from here. They are so well made and amazing.They are sooo very expensive as far as kids clothes go..so I dont buy here very often. I tend to scour the sales racks and every now and again a coupon pops up in a magazine.The girls that work here are wonderful. I know I would love to work there just for the discount!!If your looking for an impressive gift..say for a pregnant boss..hit this place up!They will love it!
3	Love the store, hate the customer service. So my husband forgot to ask the store near our house about a different size on two items we received as a gift. I ended up calling the store near us and none in the size I needed. I called this location and the lady who answered was getting frustrated or an attitude with me because SHE couldn't understand my description and the "item" number I gave her. She asked for the item number and I said that there were two groups of number on the tag. Which one is the item number. She said give me the item number. I told her there's a number on top of the bar code and one underneath it. Which one did you need. Anyway, she was just sour for some odd reason. I tried to stay nice because it's the freaking holidays. Haha I put my stuff on hold and picked it up today. This lady greets us from the counter as we walked in and I said hi back. My husband and I walk up to a little display of clothes. The lady from the counter comes up to the counter and asked how she can help or what were we looking for. I'm like damn can we look first! I was in the middle of telling my husband how cute this shirt was. So I told her that I needed to exchange my stuff that was on hold. She was OK during the entire process. Said she had to one item at a time due something being returned. Luckily I had my receipt for the other items I exchanged at the store near me which the lady the store near me accidentally returned the vest that I was exchanging but she put it back on the receipt. As I was waiting on her to process the exchange I notice the other staff was extremely nice to another customer by bringing her other shopping bags to the back of the counter or what not. I believe that's the lady I spoke to on the phone. All said and done I don't come to this store if I don't have to. I have never had an issue with this store until now. Even my friend who originally purchased clothes as a gift for my son at this store mentioned something about their customer service. I never have this issue at the District store. Someone needs to adjust their attitudes. My husband and I think it's racial profiling, especially at this mall.
