5	I just went there for the most boring piercing ever. I needed to get my earlobes re-done. Over the course of 20 years, the giggly girls at Piercing Pagoda have managed to mangle my ears three times. So the left hole regularly closed up, until it was all scarred up, and impossible to get any jewelry into.When I walked into HTC, I felt a little foolish asking the pros to take on such a mundane task. But the guy didn't even bat an eye or look down his nose at me. He said, "sure, we can do that." I filled out a little paperwork, picked out some jewelry, and away we went. The guy explained everything he was doing, and the whole process was rather painless.This was my first piercing at a piercing place, and I quickly realized what a fool I was for not coming in sooner. Sure, it cost. But you definitely get what you pay for.My only fear is, now that I discovered how easy it was, and how many beautiful types of jewelry there are out there (HTC had some really lovely organic pieces!), I might want more.
5	Being quite afraid of needles and being a big wimp in general these days, I was hesitant to get my labret done (for the third time now)...I hadn't done anything for myself in awhile and decided I wanted my piercing again. After stumbling across the other reviews, and doing a little further research I decided I would trust HTC with it. My concerns about built up scar tissue and other complications that might arise due to the second shop's very shoddy job the last time were alleviated by Andy, who also performed the work. He went over with me what went wrong last time and what HTC does differently to avoid that. Aside from being very professional and fast (I was in and out in 20 minutes!), I spent less here than I did at the last two places I went. In addition, I also got an education in internally threaded body jewelry as well as the downsides to Scope and Listerine.Now that I've caught the bug again HTC will definitely be getting more of my business as well as my glowing endorsement to anyone who inquires about my big black mole.
5	Just went back with a friend from So Cal to get my ears pierced (8 gauge black glass plugs) and get my labret taken back out to 14 gauge. Dana and A.J. are the shit, and I refuse to get any piercings done in So Cal, only here at HTC. You would be well served to visit HTC before anyone else.
5	summer: went in today with grand plans of getting tapers for another do-it-yourself stretch job. i know. i know. luckily, you might say, i was talked out of it and talked into popping clear single flair zero plugs in instead.don't ask me what the guy's name was, but he was quite helpful and friendly and didn't mind the steady stream of obscenities that spewed forth during the stretch. i even managed to do the whole embarrassing, i-suck-with-pain-going-to-pass-out routine that usually follows such events. the staff is super understanding and let me rest on the couch with some apple juice. the place is super clean, never have to wait, and stretches are free with the purchase of the jewelry, which was more than a fair price.  piercings, which i wasn't brave enough to venture, run about 25, not including the jewelry. taking the girlfriend in next week to do her big jump to zeros. would frequent more often if i was into that kind of pain. definitely recommended, especially for the squeamish.rhia: a few years ago, i got my lip pierced at halo at central and camelback. they only pierce with fishtails, and my lip had swollen beyond the length i was given within a few days. it hurt and looked as though it was on the way to being infected. i went into halo to have them readjust the bend in the fishtail. the guy behind the counter told me that it's against their policy to touch infected piercings. seriously?  a friend in seattle had recommended that i go to htc on 28th in the first place, but i was lazy and went to the closest shop. when that douchebag told me i was out of luck, i got right on the bus and went to htc. the guy there was very helpful. he took the fishtail out and gave me a bit more room. he also gave me a bag of sea salt, instructing me where halo had failed. i've been mostly loyal to htc for the last 4 years, though i went to halo once to stretch my ears, because i happened to be right there. i'm going back next week to join my girlfriend at zero's. we'll see who's the bigger pansy.
5	Overdue, but at least not too late on review!! I have come here four times now for various piercings, all above waist,haha! Anyways, I can`t recommend a better place than HTC!        Very experienced staff. Very clean and sterile environment(and I work in hospital!) They will take care of anything. Felt very comfortable there. Have had Kat and Dana both do my piercings, ears-upper cartilage and tragus, and nasal. All I can say Thank you, Thank you!!
5	I love this studio. It's clean, the people are friendly, and the jewelry is awesome. I've gotten 14 piercings there and ridiculous amounts of jewelry. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
4	The first time I walked in I felt very comfortable but a little nervous - since the reason for my visit was the result of a previous night's drunk bet. I am SO glad that Dana was my piercer that day. He talked me into getting a dermal anchor instead of a surface piercing and explained the pros and cons. The facility was neat and clean and I ended up with shiny new jewelry. The only reason why I'm taking off a star is because I went back to get another anchor done by another piercer...can't remember his name but he was no where near as friendly as Dana and he hardly said anything to me. I mean, I'm not expecting a whole conversation but he could have at least cracked a smile. I compared this anchor to the one that Dana did the first time and noticed that the post was sticking out of my skin a lot more than it should have. I figured this guy knew what he was doing and thought it would eventually settle in to my skin when it healed.Nope. It actually came out a couple months later and I had to get it redone. So I went back again to HTC and this time I got CJ. He was awesome! Not only did he redo my anchor properly, but he gave me a discount for having to come back and get it done again. Even though I had that one experience, I still trust the guys at HTC and will come back again.
5	Great experience, clean, recommend HTC to for all piercing needs :)Through the years I have had multiple piercings (belly, eyebrow, ears, etc).  My nose piercing was the first one a got at HTC. Fantastic experience!!The staff helped me feel comfortable from the moment I walked in the door. They are professional and knowledgable and do their best to help you find the gauge, style, and type of piercing that is right for you. I had my piercing done in a private room so the whole world wasn't staring at me when I got a needle shoved into my skin... It wwas quick and honestly it didn't hurt too much. Just felt like I had to sneeze when he pushed in the needle. (All the piercing tools are new and the piercer washes and sterilizes several times through the process. )Also, I was glad to find out that the piercers are required to maintain current certification in CPR, First Aid, and Bloodborne Pathogen. Visit their website for coupons and specialshttp://www.htcbodypiercing.com/
5	HTC is fantastic! i had my belly-button piercing re-done there years and years and years ago at the Tempe location and was super-impressed with their professionalism, knowledge and cleanliness.  Recently i decided it was time to re-pierce my ears.  Somewhere along the way i got lazy and the holes have been closed for at least 5 years.  Ever since my 1st experience with HTC i knew that i would never ever ever let a piercing gun anywhere near my ears ever again.But now that i live in Glendale i REALLY didn't want to drive all the way to tempe just to get my ears done.   And then i discovered there was a shop in Phoenix.  i literally turned my car around and went straight there.When i walked in they were friendly and helpful (as always).  They asked all the right questions to make sure everything was exactly what i wanted.  Sure, it's going to cost more than a lot of places, but the quality and the service is WELL worth it.  "You get what you pay for" isn't always true, but in this case, it is.
5	I come to Arizona to visit my daddy only once a year for a reason... Cause its super boring out there, lol. I'm just not used to the dessert feeling and the heat and seeing cactus at every corner, etc. etc. So what do I think of when I'm bored, GETTING A PIERCING! Ofcourse I'm not familiar with Arizona so I have togo Yelp piercing shops and up comes HTC. I decided to just get a spontaneous piercing, a VCH to be exact because I can't get anything on my face and all the other common areas on my body is already pierced, so that was my next option. Took a deep breath and went for it, lol. Came in and spoke to the guy around the counter about cost, pain and care. He was very professional and happy to answer all my questions cause the worst thing that can happen is to improperly care for that area and getting an infection. Eww. Signed the consent form and off I go into my room. The place is small but clean with a few rooms and a open waiting area. My piercer, ahhh I forgot his name but he made me feel really comfortable. I was excited and also nervous, but all went smooth. It's exactly what you think it would feel like, a fast painful pinch with no bleeding. I did accidentally kicked his head alittle cause I totally flinch when the needle went in, hahaha. (sorry) But after it was done, he cleaned it, explained to me about the care instructions, walked me out and suggested me to buy this salt water spray to help keep it clean. When I left, walking out was like normal with no pain. It's been awhile now, but I just thought of writing this review. Till this day, it looks good, feels good and I absolutely love it! I don't regret it at all, even though it was an impulse piercing. Now I'm waiting to do any of my future piercings there whenever I goto Arizona, cause its actually about $20 bucks cheaper than the piercings here in San Jose, CA. and a waaaaay better experience. =)
5	I knew what I was doing the day I turned 18. The cigarettes, voting privileges, and tattoos could wait--first things first, I was getting pierced. HTC was the only option for me because I was impressed by both their informative website and 3-for-free option for newly legal adults. The staff is very professional; they take their craft to a personal level with their commitment to each piercing they perform. The facility itself is very clean, and the sanitary practices they employ are fantastic. All three of my piercings-nose, tragus, and belly button-healed well. The jewelry is very high quality as well.Fast forward four years, I have finally quit the job that requires my image to remain "wholesome" and "natural." I get to put my piercings back in: well, minus the nose which is a little too immature for me now. And HTC is, once again, the only choice for me!The shop is as clean as ever, and their new selection of jewelry makes me want to go nuts with the needles or at least stone gauges. The piercers helped me choose a new stud for my ear, and they even put it in for me! Sure sure, everything is a little bit on the expensive side, but you really get what you pay for! I HIGHLY recommend HTC to put any extra holes in your body!
5	I'm very happy & satisfied with this particular shop. I was on this side of town & went in today because I was having slight discomfort with my right nipple piercing. The barbell was too short for my comfort.The staff was very nice & welcoming! I loved how they had the size of gauges & lengths on the wall so you could visibly see what they have to offer. After filing out the paper & flashing my I.D. Dana invited me into one of the rooms & within 5 minutes, I had a longer barbell. I felt SOOOO much better!The price what was a kicker because it was affordable for me. Dana was completely professional & friendly as well as the other piercist on staff!
5	Dana is awesome. First piercing and it was awesome. He explained everything and made feel so relaxed. I would refer him and this shop to all. Very clean and sanitary!!!!
5	After purchasing a set of earrings that required a few extra holes, I moseyed on down to the HTC to talk with the staff about strategy.  I was fortunate to speak with Dana (though I'm sure the other staff is just as courteous and knowledgeable), who suggested that I return with the jewelry I would eventually install.  When I received it in the mail, we had a second meeting of the minds and he helped me choose the placement of my new accoutrement.  Of course, it is the policy of this establishment, as any reputable piercing place would have it, that the piercee must use jewelry purchased at the location.  Dana suggested some affordable hoops for my healing time, and made the experience very pleasant.  Beyond the whole poking needles thing, the aftercare discussion was involved and careful, and made me feel as if the staff really had a vested interest in my ear not becoming inflamed or falling off or anything.  The price was reasonable, and the level of professionalism and genuine pleasantness was refreshing.  It can be a challenge at times to approach a socially "cool" business and instantly feel like a nerd because of the staff's attitude, but the warmth and genuine niceness of the staff at this location made my experience a great one.  Thanks guys!
5	The last time I had something pierced was my belly button, and that was maybe seventeen years ago. Well dang it, now I feel old. Anyway, that was a long time ago, and far away in California,  but I still remember being scared to death and the piercer mocked my fear. The moment I walked in the door Dana and Olivia smiled and said hello. I was instantly and completely at ease. Dana explained what he was going to do and how I needed to care for my piercing at home. He did a great job and made sure I was comfortable. I'm 99.999999999999999% sure I have everything pierced that I want pierced, but if I change my mind I'm coming back to see Dana!
5	Dana was fantastic.  He was informative and knowledgeable and made us feel very comfortable.
1	Gee, I guess Our experience is a weeeee bit different than all these others!  Amazing that customer service didn't happen for us over a RETAIL $13 dollar item so bad service over a probable $3 wholesale ring.  NOT GOOD.  Really not good! I was here a couple weeks ago with my friend Joan and her daughter Sarah.  We dropped in on a whim, as we were in the neighborhood and Sarah wanted to see if there might be a hoop there she liked for her nostril piercing.Steph and J.D. were working that day.  Steph was the primary person that waited on Joan and Sarah.  Steph brought out a silver hoop, saying something like, "This should work."  Sarah liked the looks of it, and Steph asked Sarah if she would like her to install it.  Sarah said yes, and Steph said she needed to see her ID, because Sarah is a minor.Since we had no original plan to shop for a nose ring when we launched out that day, Sarah did not bring her ID.  Steph said Sarah could likely install it fine at home on her own, and to come back if she had any trouble.Steph never took a look at Sarah's piercing or asked the size of her gauge.  Joan told Steph twice that Sarah did not get her nose pierced here, but somewhere else.  As it turns out, because Steph did not look at Sarah's nose or ask the size of her piercing, Steph chose a hoop with a gauge too small for Sarah's nose. So when Sarah got home and tried to put the ring it, it made her nose bleed.Joan immediately called HTC, and J.D. answered the phone and the conversation went like this:Joan - "Hi J.D., my daughter and I were just there buying a nose ring. We came home to put it in and the gauge is too large and made Sarah's nose bleed. It must be the wrong size, and I need to return it."J.D. - "Oh, I'm sorry. We can't take returns, but I can give you store credit. Isn't her piercing an 18?Joan - "No, it's a 20."J.D. - "We only do 18's on nostrils here."Joan - "I told you guys twice that we didn't get her nose pierced at HTC.  We got it pierced at Halo.  I had no idea that different places did different size standard piercings for nostrils. And no one at your store last night asked Sarah about the size of her piercing after we told you that we got her nose pierced somewhere else."J.D. - "I'm very sorry about that. Like I said, we can't take returns, but I can give you store credit.Joan - "That's fine. See you tomorrow."When Joan went to exchange the nose ring the following day, neither Steph nor J.D. were working.  A dreadful person named Richard was there.  Richard told Joan that J.D. had no business saying that HTC would give her store credit, because once a piece of jewelry leaves the store, HTC will not take it back as a return or even for store credit.Richard then asked if Steph examined Sarah nose or asked about her gauge size.  Joan explained the whole story about how none of that occurred despite the fact that Joan told the staff twice that Sarah did not get her nose pierced at HTC.Richard suggested, "Why don't you come back again when Steph and J.D. are working, and maybe one of them will give you the money out of their own pocket because this was their mistake and there's no way HTC can reimburse you."  Joan could not believe her ears, and was she not about to make a THIRD trip back to the store for what would likely be another futile, frustrating encounter!So, Joan and Sarah were out the money for a worthless piece of jewelry. This is about one of the worst customer service stories I've ever witnessed.  The story does have somewhat of a happy ending, in that Joan got her money back through her credit card company when she called and told them the story.  They couldn't believe their ears either and refunded her immediately.Moral of the story:  Businesses, is a really unhappy, connected customer really worth bad press over a $13 retail order?
5	Great service! Prices were very reasonable and they were ALL so friendly!
5	I wanted to re-pierce my horizontal hood and re-pierce my navel because I took them out 3 years ago. I read nothing but great reviews for Kevin Jump, the genital piercer at HTC. I then googled him and wow the reviews were wonderful. Kevin was so utterly professional I was so pleased with his way of explaining everything, showed me photos of different piercings and changed his gloves probably 10 times during our consult due to his fun personality.. A door knob or a stiletto touch and he changed his gloves automatically. Now that is very reassuring that this place is extremely sanitary.. I ended up getting a vertical hood ring. It is BEAUTIFUL!! I am so happy with it! I got the cubic zirconia with titanium. For a petite woman who wants my piercing to remain private when I am in a bikini this was the perfect choice. Highly highly recommend Kevin for piercings. A+ very happy customer!
5	Tonight I went in to get my dermals removed and my ears stretched. My gf and I were greeted outside with a warm smile and "hello" from Kat. After holding the door open for us, Dana promptly started our service with a welcoming energy and calm demeanor. We headed to a private room (which has the coolest mask displayed on the wall) and he stretched my ears with a flawless victory! I was mostly nervous to remove my dermals. I felt they would be difficult to maneuver which would require a lot of time. Dana removed them BOTH in less than a minute. My sternum is happy and so am I. I always leave this place satisfied. Thanks Dana and Kat for your presence. HTC Cactus will not leave you disappointed.
5	This is a great shop. Very clean and welcoming. Dana did both of my tragus piercings and has a great "bedside manner". He gave me all the information I could possibly need to make an informed decision. He is also quick and precise in his work. Both piercings were over before I knew it, and I hardly felt anything.I later had some difficulty with healing due to my choice of jewelry (rings), which is apparently pretty common, and Dana was more than happy to advise me over the phone on what to do next. I came in and had him put short barbells in my ears instead of the rings. My ears are very happy now!I would also like to mention that my boyfriend has a larger-than-usual size septum piercing (3/4") for which he usually needs custom jewelry ordered. Dana (and the other staff) have always been very helpful to us when we go in and need something ordered, have questions about items in the case, or ask for recommendations.You could definitely find piercing and body jewelry cheaper elsewhere, but you will most likely not be getting this quality of merchandise and service. I would definitely go back and would recommend this shop to others.
5	Have been here twice and left very happy with my experience! The staff are friendly and professional. My piercer made me feel at ease. Good conversation is worth something. Didn't feel rushed. Will definitely continue doing business here!
3	Friendly staff. Not sure the naval ring I bought was worth $73. but completely my fault for not asking the prices. Likely will visit halo in the future, they are must more reasonable in cost.
5	I've been getting pierced here since 2006 and have yet to have a complaint. My most recent piercing was a septum ring done by Kat. She was hilarious yet very professional. Although Kat was the one who pierced me I was able to interact with the whole staff. Everyone was very helpful and kind. I will never get pierced anywhere else.
5	I'd always gone to the Tempe location but one day I drove by this one on accident and realized it's less than 5 minutes from me!  I'd been wanting to get my second tragus done for a while and then their Facebook page announced they were doing their $10 piercing special to benefit some animal rescues, can't go wrong with cheap piercings for a good cause!Once I got there I decided I wanted to get my rook done too because, why not?  I had a couple questions about it first though and the girl at the counter was able to answer all of them so that I could make an informed decision about it.  Then she gave me the pricing for everything, had me sign the release and told me to wait for a little bit for one of the piercers.I didn't have to wait too long before Ricky called me up.  He was friendly and makes you feel at ease with what's going on.  He got everything set up and put a couple marks on me so I could make sure I was gonna like the placement.  Everything looked good to me so it was go time.  Luckily for me Ricky was quick and got both of the piercings within a couple minutes.  I was especially happy I'd decided to go with the rook piercing, I'm obsessed with it now!  It was definitely an all around great experience and I can't wait to go back to get my other rook done once these piercings are healed!
5	Today I randomly walked into the shop and I was a little skeptical because this was my first "crazy"piercing and I was affraid of how everything was going to turn out bad, But Jacob was really down to earth made everything turn out smoothly, quickly and carefully. He helped me chose what location in my ear was going to be best for my type of ear. I really enjoyed my time there. He explained carefully how to take care of my piercing after my service and set me up with an appointment to return 4 weeks after for a follow-up and to downsize the earing :) . My piercing was $25.00 and the earing was $35.00 and I got my helix pierced...thanks Jacob!!!
5	I got an industrial piercing by Dana and he was awesome! All I have to say is this place is crazy sanitary and had a wide variety of jewelry to choose from. I love love love my piercing and Dana was very informative in explaining aftercare and how to clean it. So glad I came in there later at night because there was no wait and I was pierced within ten minutes of walking in there. I was pretty nervous but Dana was really funny and took my mind off the piercing. I'll be returning soon...:) I highly recommend this place.
5	Walked into the Tempe location a few weeks ago and fell in love! Everyone we've met at the (S Ash) & (N 28th) locations have been so great!Richard is especially awesome!! My boyfriend, Gaige, was in a lot of pain when we first came in. He had really awful screw on tunnels that a so called "professional and knowledgeable piercer" put in his ears after he scalpelled his ears to a 00. The screw on tunnels were not helping him heal at all... They were just getting swollen and more bloody everyday. You couldn't clean them and were getting rusty. He even had to use a wrench to take them off once! Richard took a look at his ears and immediately knew it was all wrong. He got him into a fresh pair of glass plugs and he even helped remove the old ones/put in the new ones. He helped Gaige feel better immediately and helped his ears continue to heal very smoothly and painlessly. He even gave us a little lecture and a lot of great tips/information that we had no idea about.  We love you, Richard! P.s. We also love Dana!
5	I love this place! Jacob and JD are awesome and both are great at what they do. They have very good quality jewelry and the shop itself is very clean and sterile. I recommend!
4	I have gotten all my piercings here. I have had a good experience almost every time I have gone in. I did get my lip pierced and not even two days later the piercing came undone, I went back in to get it screwed back in and the guy who helped me was so rude, was very rough with my lip, (which was still swollen from the piercing days before) it was just a horrible experience. But every other time I have gone everything has gone great!
5	Walked in today for a tragus piercing and left with a tragus and conch. Super clean shop with friendly and knowledgeable staff. JD was great! Told me everything he was going to do before he did it and explained why he did anything different from initially planned (placement of the conch got changed last second). The jewelry is beautiful too. Highly recommend HTC Phoenix.
5	Had a great experience today. Clean shop, GREAT selection and very friendly helpful staff. Had my ear pierced again by Dana and love my new piercing!! Definitely recommend!
