3	It isn't often that I get a chance to have a meal in a food court.  Frankly, it isn't often that I want to have a meal in a food court.  But I happened to be in a mall, and I happened to be in the food court, and the guy was handing out samples.  In fact, he was handing out a lot of samples.  Plus, it was about the time that the food was coming out, so it was really fresh, rather than sitting on the steam table for hours on end and just be turned over and over again.  I'll say that was the reason.Whatever the case, I decided to go for a plate and you know, it wasn't bad.  I'm not often in the Northlake area, but if I am, and if I happen to be in the food court at opening time, I might give them another shot.  At least if I can get some samples to go with it again.
4	Not bad for fast food.
2	The service was "eh" and the food was "meh." Not planning on returning any time soon.
2	Wow, it was pretty bad even for food court Asian food? I ordered a spring roll and a side order of noodle...The spring roll was pretty standard spring roll. But the noodle was terrible. The flavor, well I don't even know how to capture the essence of it, it tasted just like soy sauce? The noodle was very hard, I've never had lo-mein noodle SO HARD in my life, I felt like I was eating straws. The noodle was paired with cabbage and carrots. Ugh...both of those vegetables would have probably tasted better before they were stir fired by Maki. The noodle was suuper greasy, I know traditional Americanized Chinese food is greasy but this is VERY greasy, I can still feel the grease in my system and it's been 12 hours. I've had Maki at the south park location and I don't remember it tasting this bad...Also, if you ask for a water, they pre-fill the cups and give it to you...I dislike this as the water do not taste as fresh from getting it immediately from the fountain machine. I usually choose the Curro Burrito place in Northlake but apparently as of today they are closed and is opening a taco bell in place of the location...bummer, who needs another taco bell seriously? The next time I am here, I will try Yeung's Chinese which is across the other side at the food court. I compared the price, they looked pretty similar to Maki. Whatever you do, DON"T GET THE LO-MEIN, and I really like pasta/noodle!
