1	This company does bait and switch. I went twice for the same car advertised on line the third time I had just left and called to see if they had the car I was interested in and they said yes they had it. LIE....They do not speak English very well and were more interested in getting food from a street vender on a bike.
1	wish there was negative stars.  They messed up my god for nothing warranty only fixed it after contacting BBB.  Why does it matter they gave me the car fax, lies.  I had to take it back to them within a week for brakes and rotor.  Then 2 months later got brakes again from somewhere else.  Now after having it a year and only putting maybe 6,000 miles the abs system is down (lights been on since they fixed brakes they said its nothing) and I was asked how bad the accident was I was in?  I wasn't.  yep more $$$$.  I will be trading it in and losing a ton.  Do not buy from here
3	I'll give them this they listened to my complaint. Still spent a ton of money but it's gone and behind me now. New cars from now on#
1	Don't let the christian music fool you this place is dishonest I bought a car here and had to come back for them to fix a gas cap issues which they were aware of and ohh yea come back and we will fix it no problem come in to fix it and what do they do scratch up my car I bring it to the guys attention he says ohh but they are small ask to speak to a manager he comes out and say these look like they have been fixed I'm sorry but I have been putting tape to keep it closed everyday I would know if they were there another manager comes out and says ok we can fix it but it's not going to be 100% are you kidding me I ask are you going to send it to a professional he replies with I'm not sure who I will send it to I said well I want to know so I can speak with them and also if another issue comes up . He tells me I'm not going to tell you who I will send it to could be amco could be a local auto body could be someone off Craig's list I said so your just going to pick someone off Craig's list he tells me yea probably I asked can I have this in writing he said no this company is unbelievable nothing but a sham  they should be sending me to a place of my choice and they pick up the bill.  Oh and did I forget to mention the guy asked the service man did you make scratches and he said yes little ones this conversation took place in Spanish maybe thinking I wouldn't understand shame on them
