5	Emily helped us find our new home in Ahwatukee and rent out our old home in Chandler.  She was and is very professional, organized, prompt with responses and is very knowledgeable.  We purchased a short sale which was time consuming and confusing for me, but Emily guided me through why each and every step was being done the way it was being done.  She knows her stuff and is extremely good at communicated effectively to her clients.  Since she has helped us find a home I have given her name out lots.  I would be happy if each of my family and friends had the same experience that I did.  Emily and her team were just delightful.
5	Emily and Team have assisted me in the purchase of two homes and currently manage my rental home.  They do a great job of communicating all aspects of the renting and purchasing homes. Paperwork and upkeep of two homes can get a bit overwhelming but Emily and her team take all the time you need to go over line by line of paperwork and her negotiating skills are like nothing I have seen before! Emily goes out of her way to show every house that you are interested in and sends emails and her correspondence and follow up is always timely.  I love working with Emily and the The Duarte Group because no matter how many clients they might be working with they always make you feel like you are their number one priority. I would highly recommend The Duarte Group for your residential sales and property management needs because I have never had anything fall through the cracks. They are reliable, efficient and some of the most professional people I have ever worked with!
5	Emily and team are by far the most professional and hard working real estate team I have ever worked with. Emily takes her time with her clients to ensure all needs and requirements have been met. I had the pleasure of working with Emily to purchase my first home 4 years ago. Now that I have outgrown that home, Emily will be the first I call to list my house and purchase a new property. As I prepare, Emily will send me listings just to keep me abreast of what is being sold in both my current neighborhood and in the areas I am looking to move. She takes care of her clients with the utmost care and will be my sole realtor for life!
