5	Does Tonic serve the best cocktails in Edinburgh?I think so! Beware! It will also break your bank balance. A friend kept raving about this place and how he went here after work all the time so I told him to take me in the hope of shutting him up. Well all he did was get me fabulously drunk on fantastic cocktails while emptying my bank account. The cocktail menu is so varied and long that you spend the whole night reading the menu thinking 'ooh that sounds nice, I think I'll try it!' And this continues for some time before you realise that its closing time and you can barely walk.
3	Tonic concocts some fantastic cocktails, this fact cannot be argued. The speciality, focus of knowledge and reliable quality of this bar is the array of cocktails that can be requested here, so whether you're a traditional Cosmopolitan or Mojito sipper, or you want something with a bit of an out of the ordinary twist to it, Tonic will comply with your beverage supping needs. When I'm in here, depending on what mood my palate is in, I usually go for the French Martini, which is always pretty awesome, or a classic Cosmo, apologies if that sounds very unadventurous, but it always goes down a treat. The inside of the bar is sleek, stylish, and very well finished, so you'd be well recommended to visit here if you like to drink your cocktails while looking trendy in a pristine environment. It is pricey though, as is most of George Street, so a few cocktails down and your purse will definitely be less of a weight on your bag. It's also pretty miniature, which can be nice on weekdays when town is quieter, but slightly hard to handle at the weekends, when this place is packed with cocktail requesters.
5	Yes, Tonic has the best cocktails in Edinburgh!!It is a really modest place, it's really not flash yet always has a brilliant atmosphere. To get here you have to go down some stairs, and the bar itself is really quite small. It can therefore get really uncomfortable when it's busy, you can't get to the bar and the wait is made twice as long as the waiters are meticulous with their cocktails. I once had a cocktail in an actual jam jar!My brothers girlfriend and I spent about 30minutes looking over the extensive menu to decide what we were going to have. When we decided, we both wanted what the other was having so ended up doing a swap.This is definitely one of the gems in the city!
3	With all the gushing that's taken place in the other reviews, it's telling that when I arrived at Tonic the other week, I genuinely thought I was in the wrong place. It seems to be considered by some to be Edinburgh's best cocktail bar. It isn't.With banging house music in the background and staff dressed like Urban Outfitters mannequins, the atmosphere wasn't quite the laid-back, pianist in the corner type feel I prefer in cocktail bars. A lot of the punters were exceptionally drunk as well, lowering the tone a bit but then again it was around midnight, and we were in a bar so perhaps that's nit-picking.The smoked whisky sour I had was alright, but by no means great, though since Tonic's cocktails tend to be a bit off the wall in their flavours I can appreciate that there's a certain hit and miss element to the menu depending on your tastes. Given the praise it gets elsewhere I'd assume there must be better.We left fairly quickly, as the ear-splitting music volume and sleazy atmosphere weren't doing it for us. Despite friendly customer service from the top drawer and a fairly large menu, I doubt I'll return in a hurry.
3	So, technically four stars for superb and delicious cocktails and 2 stars for the tapas on offer leads us to a healthy 3 star review. The good is some fab cocktails - Monkey Got a Gun involved (but not exclusive of) fudge infused whisky and Innis & Gunn - served in a miniature beer mug and quickly disposed of. Monkey Laird was a fine way to end the evening... although my head was definitely unhappy the next day. It seems that Tonic tries to avoid the standard cocktail and deliver a choice variety, for that I welcome. The bad: it's super loud. For somewhere that you can sit down for food, the two don't go together. Plus, with the door open, we enjoyed our dinner with cigarette smoke. We were there with Groupon (4 tapas plates each and one side, plus a dessert cocktail) so thought that we would have plenty of food, but we ended up plenty wanting. The tapas on offer is meagre by any shout - the plates in front of us were pretty bare, including - * gambas counted to 4 prawns, one each, hurray!* ratatouille consisted of three pieces of aubergine with canned tomatoes and one lonely slice of red pepper; * mackeral pate seemed more like mackerel flavoured mayonnaise - very runny for a pate!The dessert cocktail was just disgusting - cookies and cream icecream, Baileys and Creme de Menthe. Not even my mint ice cream loving sister could bear it. For bang for your buck, there are better tapas options elsewhere. We left, definitely tipsy, poorer of pocket (cocktails are not cheap, but definitely worth it) but not particularly satsified, despite the vast number of plates on our table. For cocktails, it's a win, but food and ambience, it's not.
4	THE cocktail of choice - Lemon Drop. Lemon infused Bombay Sapphire and some other lemony things like Lemoncello and topped off with a flying saucer. Yep, remember those paper things filled with sherbet? This cocktail comes with them, two if you are lucky. They have a nice adult touch - the bottom of the flying saucer melts in the alcohol and the sherbet falls out into the drink  - yummy!The bar itself is small and it is one of those places you need to get to early otherwise its a bit of a squeeze. The cocktail menu gets revamped every few months - for awhile the Lemon Drops were off the menu, but they are clearly back by popular demand (me always asking for them?). The decor is modern - I think there has been a bit of redecorating going on over the last few months (maybe I'm wrong and had too many Lemon Drop's when I was in last time). No food available apart from crisps and sometimes glasses full of sweets are on the tables - yum, more flying saucers. It's the Lemon Drops which lure me here (and my mum) so for this cocktail alone, it's well worth a visit.
5	This is an excellent cocktail bar with a rich and varied menu. I also cannot praise the staff enough, especially considering the circumstances of my visit. I was with a reasonably sized group of people celebrating a friend's birthday, one of those important birthdays with a zero at the end. Tonic was our last watering hole after an evening of eating, drinking & becoming very merry. One consequence of the choice available is that inevitably, during every order, at least two people in our group changed their minds repeatedly as some other concoction caught their eye. The staff were friendly and patient throughout and everyone (that could still maintain some coherence) commented on what an enjoyable end to the evening it had been.
5	Excellent cocktail bar!  Great, friendly service and expertly made cocktails with just the right amount of flair!   Try the Smokey Mary ... it's not on the menu, but it's a Bloody Mary made with Smokey whisky instead of vodka ... Bloody Brilliant ;-)  This is one of Edinburgh's best kept secrets ... go!UPDATE:  appears to have changed owners.   Say no more ... ;-)
5	Tonic is a fantastically located (for me anyways) bar on the coroner of George street. It's tucked away enough for you to always get a chair and approach the bar, and it's busy enough to maintain an atmosphere. The staff are very friendly and the cocktails in inventive! Well worth a try!
3	Tonic does cocktails and some. I am impressed with their extensive list and the fact that certain 'manly' cocktails contain a single big rock of ice to cool the drink.They are happy to make a virgin or mocktail for the lover of taste sans alcohol.The atmosphere is friendly and the chairs / stools are surprisingly comfortable.They have an heated outside area, complete with Jack Daniels veranda rocking chairs, fun! The Wifi is free for use For cocktails this is your spot, but all in all it was OK - which is not bad.
