5	I purchased a 2003 VW GTI for $1000 less than the "private party value". They picked me up from the airport for free and pointed out an error I made when counting out the cash to pay for the car. (I would have paid them $500 more and never known it). I hate used car dealers and sales people in general, but I'll be buying my next car here too. 100% positive feedback on ebay is acurate when it comes to this business. I'm still driving the car and I still love it.
1	This guy has a lot of good vehicles cheaper than most dealers and private parties however my experience with him was TERRIBLE. I live up north in Cave Creek and he had a car I really liked so I called him to setup an appointment to see it and test drive it. He was VERY reluctant to let me test drive it and VERY demanding of immediate cash (he repeated this to me about 5 times). Anyway I managed to convince him to let me test drive the car without actually handing him a large sum of cash. So I venture down 30+ minutes in Phoenix traffic and am able to look at the car but when I go to ask to test drive it.. NO! Again he was going on and on about having cash in hand up front before i can even drive the car. Now i respect why he is doing that.. however.. who on EARTH wants to pay for something without testing/using it? Maybe it's me.. but I see a vehicle, especially one that I'm going to pay $6,000 or more on an investment.So if you are the type who loves just randomly giving money away for something without using it or verifying it suits your needs.. feel free to give this guy a call.. he has plenty of good deals.. but if your like me and want to ensure you know what your getting.. look elsewhere.
1	I purchased a BMW in back in 06, the car was described as if it were in great condition.  This was certainly not the case, many thousands of dollars in repairs needed, basically $4,000+ for a car that will not run correctly and it's been sitting ever since then.  Seriously, beware of Arizona Wholesale Auto and Truck; the quality of their goods wasn't as advertised at all and it was many thousands of dollars wasted for a car that will not run.
1	Alan was unprofessional, uncooperative and downright mean.  Not sure what's up but I would avoid him at all costs.
