4	Tennis sale anyone?! Don's tennis has had a sale every time I've driven by. Located at the intersection of Morehead and McDowell, Don's tennis has everything a tennis fan/player would want. Tennis channel on the small TV all day. Demo racquets available. Every racquet you could want is for sale here, as well as shoes, balls, bags, hoppers, string, grips, etc, etc. Don is there most days and provides some fast talking, but is genuine in his advice and feedback. Usually a full time stinger working too, so getting your racquet re-strung same day usually isn't an issue.One point to mention...only cash or check...no plastic.
5	Just went to Don's the other day to get my tennis racket re-strung.  The store was pretty busy (right after work - 5ish), but Don somehow was still able to provide personal service as he always does.You pretty much can get everything Tennis in this store, and if Don doesn't have it, he will most likely order it for you if you want to wait for it.You can either drop your rackets off and come back later to pick them up - most of the time I only have one to string and I just wait for it while browsing at the new products, maybe hitting some with the makeshift  hitting cage that Don has in the back of the store.Don is pretty old school so no credit/debit cards... just cash or check.  I always make sure I make a pit stop at the ATM before I go and see Don.
5	I love Don's!  Don is one of the most charismatic individuals you'll meet, and he loves tennis!  They have everything from rackets to balls to ball machines to wrist bands to novelty items to grips and dampeners...the list goes on!The best part about this place?  THEY'LL HAVE YOUR RACKET STRUNG THE SAME DAY!!! I've been coming here ever since!  His stringers are pretty good, too, so don't go to Dick's or other sporting goods stores.  Go to Don's.
5	I've bought shoes, a sweet 3-compartment insulated Head bag, grip, and had my rackets restrung there several times. Always satisfied by their professionalism, speed, and courtesy. There's no shoddy salesman tactics, no unkept promises about restringing (done same day or next), and I always leave happy.I highly recommend Don's to all tennis players, new and experienced.Thanks Don's
