3	Open To early to review. Had coffee and friendly staff
5	It is really hard for me to find a coffee shop that both my husband and I can enjoy. He hates coffee and doesn't really like "bistro food" and I love both. The coffee is wonderful here, the food can make both bistro fans and those who want something a bit more substantial happy. My favorites are the breakfast plate in the morning and either the greek wrap or the hummus plate in the afternoon. If it is just you, order a half order of the hummus plate, though as it is rather substantial. Their coffee is really good, the location is great - very clean and comfortable - and the owner and employees are very personable. This is my new favorite spot to go!
5	I like the customer service, great coffee in the morning and the egg bagel sandwich tastes great.  I'm looking forward to visiting this place when I return to Arizona.
4	Very nice staff... I'll be back!
4	Been back a few times service is great and expanded menu is as great. The staff is on top of things
5	This was one of our check-in points during our Toys for Tots motorcycle run. Yummy pasties and simple breakfast items. Highly recommend if your in the area. Simply delicious. The staff/owner are really nice.
4	Sorella caffe is a great little local coffee shop. Sisters (Sorella) April and Holly have great service and tasty products. Ashley the lead gal is awesome. These folks support your community. Support them back!
3	Cool little cafe but definitely needs to find what sets it apart from the rest . Kind of hidden in an office park. Prices are fair but portion sizes are lacking imo.
5	Atmosphere is lovely, and most of the time the staff is awesome. If you like strong coffee, be sure to specify so they make it strong! :)Prices are good. Best hummus I've had in a long time.Chocolate chip cookie was delicious,.Toxic shake is to die for! Amazing.
5	A cute (but slightly hidden) spot in Queen Creek.  The staff was the best - friendly, attentive and quick! My coworkers and I met here for breakfast on a Saturday morning and found they had a great meeting table towards the back which worked perfect for our discussion.  Lots of choices and delicious beverages! Would try again, but I don't live out in QC anymore - but if I'm in the area, or if you are I'd highly recommend trying them out!
1	I've tried 3 separate times to eat here and it's always closed. Is this place out of business?
4	The staff is always friendly and chipper in the morning.  Bagel and Iced Tea always done to perfection.  Wish it had longer hours.
5	This place is under new management and with new menu and wine is coming.The new business name is The Bistro! give a try
