1	I have called these guys twice now, and both times they never showed up. Thankfully the city girl in me is still alive and well, so my cab hailing skills are still 100%. Apparently with these guys its just best to avoid making a rez and hail one yourself.. IMO anyway.
4	I called em.  They showed up. Reasonable rate.  It's a cab right?  Done.
1	So, after a night out my friends and I played it safe and took a taxi home, leaving my car by Acme. The next morning, I had several appointments to attend to, and thus I called yellow cab to get a ride back to my car. I called at 9:50 am on Wednesday morning. When my cab hadn't showed up by 10:20, I called to find out what's up, and was told that the taxi hadn't been dispatched yet. Like, really? 30 minutes? Really? Its not like its sunday morning, its wednesday! She apologized and said it would be ten minutes. I'm now in a time crunch. 15 more minutes go by...it's now been 45 minutes since I ordered the taxi! I could have walked there by now! I called another cab company all together, and they showed up in 3 minutes. 3. I cancelled my cab with yellow cab and will never call them again.
1	We called Yellow Cab for a cab and were told it would be 15-35 minutes. We called after 30 minutes to check the status and were told it would just be a "few more minutes". After waiting a total of 50 minutes, we called again and were told they were having trouble dispatching a cab because we were kind of far... so after 50 minutes, there wasn't a cab even on the way!!!! Never using Yellow Cab again.
1	We called 1.5 hrs before we needed a pickup. Time sensitive - we have a flight to catch. 15 min after scheduled pickup, we call them only for them to tell us they have no cabs available and are trying to find one. Now we might miss our flight. Terrible customer service... If you have NO CABS you TELL THE CUSTOMER. Will never use them again.Addition:So on the way to the airport, we tell our new cab driver what happened. He used to drive for this local Yellow Cab company (more than 10 years) and could tell us the whole history. It was fascinating, and sad.Apparently, a smaller cab company owned by Iranians grew by taking government vouchers to take people to doctor's appointments. Not a bad deal, except the cab company only passed along $1 for every $7 to the drivers, keeping $1 for expenses and $1 for employees and profiting $5 off the government. That cab company grew so much so fast under this scenario, they bought Yellow Cab.Now, what used to be a great cab company is run terribly. The former employee told us the company leadership hated owner-operators like himself, because they advocated for a fair wage. Customer service and cab dispatch are in totally different buildings, meaning you'll never get an adequate response when you call.Health care voucher rides will always take precedence over individual calls, and judging by other Yelp reviews, that will continue to happen. I would never, ever call this cab company again.
3	Getting picked up from a restaurant it only took about 15 minutes and it was a nice night so we didn't mind. The cab driver actually used her GPS which was nice because I knew we were getting there.I was a little dissapointed that the credit card machine in the car didn't work and she didn't have a back-up hand CC machine to take the credit card. Had to pay in cash which ended up being all of our cash merged together to pay.The cab was clean, it was comfortable, we got there in a reasonable amount of time for a reasonable price. Good cab company, but I'd recommend getting a AAA-Yellow Cab instead.
2	My trips to the airport these days are stress-free. Discount Cab takes me there. The drivers are capable and courteous, and the rates are reasonable. If only they could pick me up on the way back.My trips FROM the airport are with Yellow Cab, who seem to have some semi-exclusive arrangement with the airport, at least out of terminal 3. Discount is prohibited from picking up at the airport.So I am left with Yellow Cab most of the time. Dickish drivers who roll their eyes when you pay by credit card, set your bags on the street and leave without so much as a "thank you" are no way to build business.If you have an alternative, take it.
1	Ok, Mr. Goat-$&(*&$ or whatever: I don't care that you don't wear your seatbelt. I'm libertarian enough to believe that whatever you want to do to risk your life is cool as long as it doesn't jeopardize others. I could have done without the federally-mandated periodic  ding-ding-ding from the dashboard of that Chevy reminding you, begging you, pleading you to put your $($(&( seatbelt on. That was a bit annoying. But I coped. I didn't even care that you babbled into the phone the whole trip back from the airport. Maybe you were setting up a date for your daughter or  sister or something. But goddammit, you don't roll the **$(&$ windows up when the air is broken just so you can hear your phone conversation better when you have customers in back.  F&($ you. That's about as nice as I'm going to get. And get your credit card machine fixed, you fool.
1	My family and I were heading out on vacation for a couple of weeks and scheduled a Yellow Cab to pick us up from our house to take us to the airport.  I reserved a mini-van as we had considerable luggage and two small kids.  Everything was set for a 6:30 AM pick-up.  Needless to say these guys are horrible.  Here's a summary of events:6:40 - Called Yellow Cab because the cab we reserved had not arrived at our house.  I'm told that the driver is running late and will be there in 5 minutes.6:46 - Driver still not there.  Called Yellow Cab and am informed that nobody is en route and they don't know when a driver will be available to pick us up.  Two things wrong with this.  One, I had a reservation.  Two, the previous dispatcher told me someone was on there way and would be there in five minutes.  I ask Chris to secure a cab for me and call me back in five minutes to let me know when they will be at my house.6:57 - I call Yellow Cab again.  No cab.  No return phone call from Chris (the dispatcher).  At this point we are going to miss our flight if we don't jump in our car and head to the airport.7:00 - I pack up my car, put the car seats back in my car, load up the family, and start heading to the airport.7:07 - I call Yellow Cab to talk to a supervisor.  I'm put on hold for ten minutes.  I hang up because I'm tired of waiting.7:18 - I decide to give Yellow Cab one more chance to explain themselves.  I also expect them to pay for my parking bill at the airport which will be about $250.  The dispatcher informs me that a supervisor will not be at work until after 8:00.  So why was I not told this when I called previously?  Why was I on hold for ten minutes?8:16 - I call looking for a supervisor.  I'm given the cell phone number for someone named Rob.  I call the number and a guy named Jesus answers.  He explains that he's a supervisor for the drivers and not for dispatch.  Tells me I need to talk to someone in dispatch.8:21 - I call again looking for a supervisor.  I'm given someone's voicemail.  I leave a message and yet nobody returns my call.1:40 - I call again.  I'm placed on hold.  Yellow Cab hangs up on me after 13 minutes of being on hold.1:54 - I call again.  I inform dispatch that I will filing a law suit against Yellow Cab for the costs incurred as a result of their negligence.  I leave a name and number and suggest that someone call me back to resolve the matter.So.... that's where we're at.  This has got to be one of the worst companies I've ever seen.  Avoid at all costs.
1	Awful. I hate that they are the only option to take home from the airport. My ride to the airport in a different cab company was pleasant, quick, convenient, and pretty cheap. Yellow Cab's ride back from the airport the next week was awful, slow, and about $10 more than my ride there for some reason.I specifically stated when speaking to the cab manager at the airport that I had no cash and only wanted a cab equipped to take credit card. "No problem," he says and directs me to the first cab. A quiet foreign man was my driver and seemed oblivious to the constantly dinging seat belt reminder. Annoying but whatever. It was a little uncomfortable how close he drove to cars in front of him but I wanted to be home so I decided to get over it if it meant I would arrive home faster.Once we arrived at my home however, he spent a good 5-10 minutes attempting to get his credit card reader to work. No luck. He then insisted I pay with cash since "it was so much easier anyways." I informed him that I had no cash and didn't want to go to an ATM with him. He begrudgingly took out an old school credit card machine at that point and spent another 10 minutes trying to figure out how to use it.To top it all off, when looking at my bank statement, they charged me $20 more than I signed for and now I have to deal with the headache of trying to correct that. I would rather take the bus next time.
1	I have used this cab company several times for trips to PHX airport. The last time was when I had a problem. No cab showed up to my home for my scheduled pick up at 6 AM. After a call to the company at about 6:15 AM, I was told it would be at least another 15 minutes. I informed that I had a flight to catch, could not wait which is why I requested a 6 AM pickup !! I drove myself to the airport and received a call from a driver when I was boarding my flight ! Last time I will reserve a cab with this company. RIDICULOUS!!!!!!!
1	Zero stars?  These people SUCK!  Cab drivers in phoenix are the worst in the country to begin with.  However, yellow cab should be avoided at all costs.  Tonight I called 7 times, spoke with a supervisor, and still had to wait 2 hours before giving up on a driver ever showing up at my house.  They claimed they called each time, and also claimed they knocked on the door. WRONG.   Avoid at all costs.   Almost better to get a DUI than deal with these idiots. .
1	TERRIBLE, DISGUSTING, THE WORST CAB COMPANY!!!If only I could give this Zero or negative stars. I have used their services a few times while traveling to and from airports. I have ALWAYS had problems with their credit card machines. And the drivers refuse to acknowledge it.  They are never polite and courteous.But today was the limit! First, like always the credit card machine could not read my card. After I tried two credit cards and it still didn't work, he said "this is what all customers use, your card is bad"...yeah sure! like my cards were faulty or something!!! Told him this is the same card I use everywhere else and always works. Then, I paid a 15% tip and he is like "you guys don't know how to tip a driver???"...I was shocked and disgusted. I replied that I had paid a 15% tip to which he started yelling at me about how drivers were hardly paid anything blah blah blah..and finally he yelled at me, "go get your stuff yourself". I jumped out and pulled my luggage out of the trunk. As he drove by, I could see him swearing at me.  This is just unacceptable and very very unprofessional. Even if I had paid him a zero tip, which I should have, he had no right to talk like that to a customer. Please stay away from this company, they hire a bunch of jerks as drivers. I am DISAPPOINTED.
1	Called for a cab around 10:47 pm & were told to expect around 20 minute wait received a call around 12:24 pm with an estimated an additional remaining 30 minute wait. We declined and found other transportation. When noted to the individual calling if we should wait 3 times the 30 minute, we could take it however we wanted since it was Halloween night. Very unprofessional and tardy. Wouldn't recommend them to anyone, let alone call them if I were released from Prison & needed a lift.
1	Shame on this company!It is quite disappointing that this is one of the only options from the airport.  Had to deal with typical cab BS. Took one of the longer routes to get me home, thanks for going up the 51 to camelback so that we are now fighting all the lights along that road.  I knew the mileage was a small difference than the route I would have gone, so I begrudgingly kept my mouth shut.  But then, you tell me your credit card machine is conveniently broken, and you'll have to swipe my card manually- No sir, I am no dummy.  Gave my cash tip and went on my way.I kept a watchful eye on my checking account, and sure enough, this fella decided to bolster himself an little $3 extra to my final total.  I imagine something so nominal most people would not acknowledge, not I! Out of principle I disputed that charge and will stay away from this company in whatever way that I can. I recommend others do the same-
1	Is no stars an option?! WORST CAB RIDE EVER. Guy was a huge jerk to my grandma and me when we got picked up from the airport. HUGE jerk. I would recommend calling your hotel or a friend to come pick you up over using these jerkfaces.
1	Ugh! I wish I could give them negative stars.I hailed a cab from the airport to head to my apartment which is at most 10 minutes from the airport. Having accidentally gotten into cash only cabs before I always ask just to make sure they can take debit cards. The driver says yes, of course, and I get in. So finally get to my apartment and the card reader is "broken" aka the pen stylus is stuffed in between the  back panel somehow. He manually enters the numbers on to the front machine several times, taking at least 10 minutes of me sitting there in the cab directly in front of my place. The reader keeps stating "transaction timed out." So after all this I offer to look for cash in my apartment but knowing I don't keep a lot around it seems unlikely. Ten minutes later the cab driver is saying he'll drive me to an ATM "free of charge" so I can pay him. I'm really annoyed because I've spent the last 14 hours flying from Haiti to Miami, Charlotte, and back to Phoenix but ok sure we go to 7-11. I mention that the ATM will charge me to withdraw money so he says he will "take three dollars off." I get the money bring it back to him then he says HE'S GOING TO LEAVE ME THERE which is a good 1/2 mile walk from my place. I'm irate because the whole reason this happened is because he credit card reader isn't working. It's already taken a LOT of extra time (it has since been 45 minutes since pick up). He argues that his reader is not broken but that my card was declined and he so generously discounted me three dollars. Well obviously not because I just got the cash out for him and it cost me three dollars to do so! Ugh. I get into his cab and demand he take me back all the while he's yelling at me that I'm being unfair. Absolutely ridiculous.
1	This driver was sitting outside our hotel in Old Town Scottsdale so we jumped in and gave him the address ..  The guy did not turn on his meter and the ride was $3.00 more than the ride back , which was in a Green Discount Cab taxi, with a meter turned on !  Not only did he add in his tip but he also dropped us off a block away from the address we gave him . Very slimy feeling and based on other comments it appears we are not alone . Spring Training tourist be warned :  Be very careful of  them and other "indy" drivers.
1	They deserve a zero!  I called 12 hours ahead to schedule my early morning pickup for my family vacation. Since it was early, I confirmed it wasn't a problem and they assured me they had vehicles all over town 24 hours a day.After the requested time had passed, I called and was told they were still looking for a cab in the area.  I may not be the smartest guy in the room but I really thought was the reason I scheduled in advance. Being late for the airport resulted in needing to use short-term parking costing our family $200.  You can be certain that I will NOT be using Yellow Cab in the future.
1	Hands down the most unprofessional, unreliable cab company I have ever dealt with.  Scheduled a cab pickup for the airport over 24 hours in advance. The cab was over an hour late, we ended up missing our flight and spending $600 to rebook for our family, 8 hours later. I'd rather walk through the desert than get into a Yellow Cab ever again
1	How do you guys stay in business?  There are so many choices in the valley. Ordered a taxi due to the $15 for first ten mile deal to the airport. Waited on the phone for 6 minutes( not so terrible) before getting to an operator. She told me the taxi would be 20 minutes. That was fine. It actually came in less than ten, bonus!As Craig was putting my bag into the trunk, I asked him if he participated in the deal I was looking for. His answer " I just charge what's on the meter, if you want another taxi, that's fine ". Wow, really?  He then added that it was more than 10 miles from my house. I know that, I've gone to the airport dozens of times. (It's actually 12.2 miles). Maybe because he's an independent contractor, he doesn't have to give the deal but, why did you send him?Carla took the complaint, told me no mgr was available. There are so many choices in the valley guys, look at these reviews. Do you see a pattern?  I won't hold my breath waiting for an apology from yellow taxi
1	Do not ever take yellow cab. They are so inappropriate and dirty. I was pick up from the airport. I knew right away this man was going to screw me over. The first five minutes we almost got in a horrible accident (it would've been his fault). I gave him the correct address and he took me to an entirely different area and yelled at me. He would not admit his wrong doing. He was so lost and took three different freeways. I had to navigate him home. His car was disgusting. As soon as I got home, I called Yellow cab and it was a girl who picked up and said she would relay my message to the manager. The manager didn't want to talk because he was getting ready to end his day?? I have yet to hear back from them yet. I will be calling them back and disputing my charge on my credit card. It is disgusting how they just don't care. New business will come in and they won't be able to keep up.
1	Worst Cab Service ever. Ronda was the RUDEST person ever on the phone. Please someone just put them out of service already.
1	I tried.I really tried so very hard to like you.I am thoroughly disgusted with that green car company bullshit, so I decided I was going to give you my business.I'm done. You are every bit as bad a business, perhaps even worse.The number of times I've tried to get a cab, only to have the taxi show up, TAKE SOMEONE ELSE, then try to get another cab in a timely manner, TYPICALLY ONLY TO CALL BACK AND FIND OUT A REPLACEMENT CAB WAS NEVER SENT, is more than 5, and at least 5 more than it should be.Your dispatchers are deplorably rude, uninformed, disinterested, and generally lacking any decorum, or modicum of customer service.Your drivers are largely friendly, but equally bad at customer service, and wholly lacking any knowledge of the area.Tonight was the end;I was at a well known eatery, THE NAME OF WHICH WAS TRANSMITTED TO THE DRIVER, PER THEIR OWN STATEMENTS, when I used the app to hail a cab.After an unreasonably long delay I receive a call from the driver, claiming to be "out front". I attempted to inquire if he was in the parking lot, or on the street, but he'd already ended the call.I walk out to the parking lot, no cab.There is a side entrance, right off the street, so I go around the building to that entrance, no cab.I call him back and ask his location. He says he is "out front", to which I respond that the entrance is on the south side of the building.He says he only sees little houses.What?I ask again where he is, and simultaneously walk back around the building to the street entrance, and again ask where he is.He asks which apartment I'm in.What the fuck?!I ask him, was the name of the establishment transmitted with the dispatch?Yes.DO YOU SEE A RESTAURANT WHERE YOU ARE AT?!No.I tell him to honk his horn, and I hear it, so I walk INTO THE MIDDLE OF THE STREET, and see him a couple blocks north of me.I tell him to come south, he is quite OBVIOUSLY not AT A RESTAURANT.He tells me he was "just following the GPS".Additionally, I have twice tried to take advantage of the $15/airport deal, only to twice be told "Oh that's not the right price they just haven't updated the website".It says that price tonight, March 17, on the newly updated website.I could go on, but it's pointless.I'm a truck driver. I travel to many destinations I am not familiar with. But I DAMN sure know how to locate A BUSINESS NAME!!!The ignorance of the drivers, combined with the utter indifference of the dispatchers, is too much.Fuck this company.If you need a cab, I recommend Apache. Cash only, but better than any green, or yellow options.
5	AMAZING service. Took a couple of their cabs while here on vacation with friends.Great drivers, great driving, just great experiences.
2	If you decide to use Yellow Cab for a ride to the airport due to their $15 fare read carefully.*BOOK 2  HOURS AND 45 MINUTES IN ADVANCE*Why? because it will take them a GOOD 45 minutes to arrive at your pick-up spot if they arrive at all. That way if they don't arrive (which has happen to me more than three times) you will have time to call another cab service. You would think I learned my lesson after the third time right? lol Green (Discount Cab) and Uber never take longer than 15 mins. Oh and don't say you want to pay with your card I swear they will give you the death stare and throw a hissy fit. They TRY to say their card read is broke, which it never really is. I've never had my card overcharged but I would have cash on hand if I were you. They got 2 stars instead of 1 due to them being the only cab you can really take home from the airport because the others there are Apache taxi and yeeah no I'll pass. No issues getting home from the airport with Yellow Cab probably because I don't live that far from the airport but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. Needless to say I never call Yellow Cab for any rides I may need to the airport I am forced to use them for a ride home from the airport which I have no issues with.
1	Horrible, awful service. Was told a cab would be at my house in 20-25 mins. Called back after 30 to find that the driver had gotten lost, and so drove off to another pickup. Nobody shared that info with us. Was told that another cab would be along in 15 mins. Called after 20 minutes had passed to find that there was no cab designated for us. To top all that off, everyone we spoke to on the phone was rude, and sounded as though we were inconveniencing them.
1	Prior reviews are right - if you want to take a cab ride home from Phx Sky Harbor you will end up in a yellow cab and it will be a shady experience.  There were yellow cabs lined up as far as the eye could see, it was 3am London time and I just wanted to get back to my car which I parked at my place of employment, corner of University and Mill - that's 5.16 miles for those who care.  Driver never started the meter (I expected the $15 flat rate, see prior comments) and when we arrived he wanted cash only and wouldn't tell me what I owed, instead saying most people pay $16 or $18.  I opted for $18 since this is exactly what I had paid going the other direction trip + tip.  "Why not $20?" he says.  For the love of God, let me out of the cab!!!!!  I seriously don't want to dicker over the cost of the fare.  I'm still waiting for the $20 charge (yes I acquiesced in the name of ending the dickering) to clear my bank and am honestly petrified that some crazy alternate charge will show up instead.  What a racket!  Addendum:  The Arizona Department of Weights and Measures regulates taxis and questionable practices including overcharging can be reported to them:  http://www.azdwm.gov/?q=resource/regulating-taxis-shuttles-and-limos
1	Took a cab from  Sky Harbor to Old Town. The driver didn't speak English very well and tried to take me up the freeway. I told him to go up 64th he said that was the long way. He said I was wrong and he knew how to go that the freeway was the fastest. It's not it's about $10 dollars more. As we got off the 202 at Scottsdale rd. made the driver drop me at the Dennys and called Discount Cab. They saved the day.
1	I wouldn't even give this company one star! I called for "immediate" service! I had been in the emergency room all night sick, and was released early in the morning.. I waited an hour and a half for the cab(which by the way, never showed up!) I ended up checking back in to the emergency room because I couldn't get home to take care of myself! Thanks guys! Round of applause for you!!!Would have gone with discount cab, but their line was busy.. this explains why..
1	This company doesn't deserve even zero star . I called from my hotel in Mesa and answered all questions . I am told taxi will be there about 20 minutes . I was in lobby more than 35 minutes and nothing !! When I called and asked , they said there is no information about me in the system and if I want taxi I should give them the information and waiting another 20 minutes . Unbelievable. ....It's shame. ..Janat
1	Horrible rude snotty phone dispatch.Awful immature inconsiderate service. One star only because Yelp doesn't allow for no stars.I moved to Phoenix on Saturday Dec 13. On Sunday Dec 14, I dropped the U HAUL off and walked across the street to a pizza restaurant.  I ate and then I called Yellow cab to take me back to my new home.  The dispatch who answered was snotty, rude, and abrupt from the start.    I gave the address to him, with the cross streets.  He told me he had three different cities in the same area with that address, and asked me which one i was in.  I didnt know - i had to ask the restaurant - I had been in Phoenix less than 24 hours.  With a snotty, dramatic, rude tone, he said " you don't know what city you're in?" When I asked him to change his tone, he told me he didn't have one - and then told me, " you're the one with the tone".I asked for his supervisor and he hung up.I called back.   When I asked for a supervisor, I was put on hold. No one ever came to the phone.  The manager of the restaurant heard the conversation and called Discount Cab.  Swift, polite, & friendly - they were there 10 minutes later.  On the way to my new home, they driver told me some ways to get around the area.  Yellow Cab doesn't care about you, their customer.  Using them isn't a convenience for you.
