4	This bar & pizza restaurant is on the smaller side of things.During lunch it can take a little bit longer to receive your food, however, both the pizzas and calzones are worth waiting for. Not only are they fresh and cooked to order (unlike some of the places that offer pizza by the slice), but they are also priced fairly. They also offer a daily special for those looking for additional savings.The service is reasonably quick and always friendly.I have not been during the evening, but for lunch I would recommend Buona Vita without hesitation.
5	Thursday night is 50cent wing night, which I especially enjoyed because(a) there is also Team Trivia(b) they mixed Hot and Lemon Pepper flavors for me, which oddly many places don't(c) they let me order 10 instead of forcing me to order in multiples of 6(d) they gave me all flappers(e) my tea refills were frequent (which helped since their Hot is actually Hot)5 reasons, 5 stars, done. I'd happily go back.
3	We were looking for some pizza in the neighborhood that we hadn't tried yet and Buona Vita was one of the first ones to pop up. Tucked into the Toringdon shoppes, it has the nice neighborhood-y pizza place feel. Just a few booths, small bar seating, a few hightops and tables. Nothing out of the ordinary and nothing groundbreaking but certainly reliable in a pinch. We made it in at dinnertime and we were one of three groups. Our server was nice and, I think, the only one on the floor at the time. We ordered a veggie calzone, 6 wings and a side salad. It took close to 25 minutes for our food to come out, but it wasn't a huge deal. Just wonder what it would be like if it were a full house. The salad was pretty weak with a hint of veggies, wilted lettuce, and bleu cheese. The bleu was made in-house and was pretty good. The wings were great. Barbalo (buffalo and bbq) and had great flavor. I'd come back on Thursdays when their wings are .50 each. The calzone was ok. The veggies inside were pretty lackluster and the marinara was pretty bland. The dough/crust they use is good, though. Great flavor and cooked well. Just could use a little improvement on the fillings. I think the rest of their menu is probably good and I would order something completely different next time around. After our experience with what we ordered, I won't be rushing back but would consider it again if we were in a pinch for some Za!
5	I stopped in one day with a few friends shortly after they opened and is now my local favorite. Food is very good. Pepperoni rolls are one of my favorites. Chicken wings are meaty. Pizza is excellent! We find it a hidden Italian secret in Ballantyne.  It's nice to walk in and be welcomed with a warm hello and immeditae service. Happy hour prices cant be beat and they even provide Koozies to keep your beer cold . Great environment for friends and the whole family. On point all around!!
2	I won't be back. It was just so unremarkable on every level that I can't see myself becoming even a fan.First off, we showed up at dinnertime and there were maybe 3 tables with people sitting at them. A family, some friends raucously laughing in the bar area, and some other crew. We had heard this place was worth trying, and it's quite close to where we live, so we thought, "why not?"We are kind of pretzel snobs, so we immediately asked if the pretzel appetizer consisted of house-made pretzels. Negative. One star removed just for that. With so many establishments in the area hoofing it to make their own pretzels, and this place already has some baking happening (pizza), I expected better. We skipped apps and ended up splitting a mediocre salad. I ordered a veggie calzone, expecting something delicious. When it FINALLY arrived, it was enormous and beautiful. I mean, huge! I believe there's a picture of this monster on the restaurant listing. Digging in, i found two types of cheese. Mozz and goat cheese (?). Texture-wise, it was strange because of the mozzarella's super melty-ness and the other cheese's not-quite-as-much-ness. The vegetables inside, once I found them, were boring. No italian seasonings, no char, nothing remarkable. And the marinara served as a dipping sauce didn't deliver either. I couldn't have eaten the whole thing if I'd tried, not that it would have been worth the effort. I read up and saw that other reviewers had better experiences. I believe the Mr. had some good wings, and I imagine that carnivores would appreciate a calzone with some spicy meats inside.For me, this place just didn't make the list of return spots.
4	Try the blackened burger...so good!Note: My ONLY problem with this place is that they do this weird trivia contest on Thursday nights.  It's crowded, loud, and a bit obnoxious for my tastes.  It's the only time that my wife and I won't go there.
5	Definitely a regular here!!  Always greeted with a smile and my miller lite in a koozie.  Very clean, food is always on point and its a great local place with a diverse kind of crowd that all get along well.
5	I love this little place.  I was surprised with what I found when I got here, but plan to be a regular.  I expected more of a little italian place feel to it, but Buona Vita is the neighborhood bar that I've been looking for.  They serve great pizza, and build your own pasta, and keep your glass full.  The crowd seemed to all be regulars, and the staff was very friendly.  They're open late, and have a great atmosphere.  I'll probably be seeing them tomorrow.
4	This is my wife's cousin's go to place every Friday night. They even reserve a table.  We had a large group of 10. The service was outstanding. We never waited for drinks and they constantly checked on us even though they had another large party there at the same time.I try to eat healthy (most times) so I had a gluten free spicy chicken wrap.  What I really wanted was the Belly Buster sandwich. A monster of a sandwich. It is 8 inches of garlic bread with meatballs,sausage,pepperoni, cheese, banana peppers and mozzarella sticks.  They also have a challenge for their 16 inch version.  No one has accomplished this feat as of yet. The  wife had the chicken cordon bleu wrap with fresh garlic Parmesan potato chips.I can see why my wife's family keeps coming back. Nice place to watch a game and hang out with friends.
4	This was our first visit to Buona Vita and we'll definitely go back! The restaurant is cozy and well staffed, and on a Friday night the crowd was about average - no wait. We ordered the mozzarella sticks for an appetizer and they were good, but nothing out of the ordinary, exactly what you'd expect. We each got a Calzone and that's when we were blown away. The bread/crust was fluffy yet crispy and cooked perfectly. The waitress even told us to take a picture before we started eating because it was so perfect. I had mushrooms, black olives and green peppers in mine and my husband had pepperoni and meatballs in his. We both LOVED them and will certainly go back for them again! This is a great little spot for date night, locally owned and good service. Highly recommend.
5	Great little place! Had worlds largest Calzone that was also huge on taste. Good music, warm (it was freezing outside). We'll be back soon!
5	Excellent place to chill and check out sports over lunch.  Their pizza is pretty remarkable, similar to New York Style, large foldable slices.  The burgers are very good with different themed ones as well. The BV signature burger has pesto, grilled red peppers and mozzarella, which is pretty top notch.  Also a good bar for drinks after work, and a very popular spot for Trivia on Thursday nights.  Try their Big Meaty pizza, their calzones, and the Chicken Parm sub.  You can't go wrong with either of these.Only thing bad about the place is when they are packed it can be a bit noisy.  This is one place that's more of a "friend's hangout" than romantic atmosphere, but that's okay.
5	Good lasagna for lunch- service was great and I would definitely go back if I lived in the area.Menu looks diverse, atmosphere was clean and sports oriented- the food coming from the kitchen all looked delicious.
5	This is a casual restaurant and neighborhood spot. The food is good, especially the pizza and calzones. The prices are affordable and they host a very fun trivia night every Thursday. The lunch specials are good for people like me who work in the office park behind the restaurant to grab a quick quality meal.
4	Thanks to our fellow yelpers, we decided to check this place out. We live just a short drive away. The place has the perfect "neighborhood pizza joint" vibe. Small bar, limited seating and space, but it yet it seems like just the perfect amount.It's not a surprise that there are lots of regulars. The food and drink are reasonably priced, and the service was very attentive. Knowing from previous reviews that the calzones were GIGANTIC, we decided to split an appetizer and a calzone. We opted for the meatball sliders, which is essentially their meatball sub cut into 4 pieces. Although it wasn't what we pictured, the meatballs were outstanding, and the bread was fresh and crispy. I would, however recommend you just order the sandwich. The calzone certainly did not disappoint! We ordered the medium, and it could have fed 4 of is. The crust was light, flaky, and cooked to perfection. We will certainly be freezing it for a rainy day. Why 4 stars, you ask ?(ok, you didn't): What I presumed to be the kitchen crew when we arrived was huddled around the front door smoking when we got there. Every time the door would open, a plume of smoke would come in the restaurant. Knowing that they are going directly back to cook our food is disgusting. This continued to happen throughout the meal, it was a virtual parade of smoky-smelling employees walking past our table. Not what you want mixing with your delicious calzone! Not sure why they can't smoke further away from the entrance or out back.  I think we may return on a Thursday to check out the 50 cent wings and trivia. Hopefully we can snag a spot away from the front door.
5	Best pizza and chicken wings in Charlotte. Great food! Great people! Great staff!It's a fun neighborhood bar.
4	Shockingly, this place is excellent, pretty much across the board.I say shockingly since my expectations were low for a nondescript place in a cookie cutter suburban strip mall.  Having been working in the area for a little while, I can say I will hit it a couple times a week minimum.Everything on the menu is good so far.  The lasagne special is excellent, pizza is good, sandwiches, burgers, salads--whatever.  For what it is, it is a really pleasant surprise.It is kind of tight in side, but everyone seems friendly.
