5	This place is amazing!!! I've been going here for years. They are always so friendly and remember you when you come back. I always get a full set and they stay on for longer then 2 weeks (and i bite on them all the time). They are located in Phoenix and no matter what city I move to I always make the drive 2 twice a month to get my nails done there.
5	Absolutely love this nail salon! Everyone there was so nice and welcoming. This salon is definitely going to be a place that I will be going to more often.
5	Friendliest and most talented nail technicians. This place is amazing, my friend and I have been coming here since middle school, up to our twenties now. I have been to different nail salons across the valley and I continually come back to Tommy's above all others. If you're looking to have  top notch, long lasting, and incredible nail work done, come to Tommy's.
1	I got a pedicure from here yesterday. I was not happy. Jeannie didn't cut my cuticles very well so I could see there was a space between the polish and my toenail. I told her about it and she argued with me. I will not return. This place was completely empty the whole time I was there and now I know why.
5	Tommy Nails is still my favorite place!!! I consider the nail technicians as part of my family now and they always go above and beyond for all of their customers. I even had to wait a 10 minutes longer for my appointment one day and they gave me a discount! They also always do amazing work and will do anything to accommodate your nail needs. As for Michelle's review.. I actually know her personally from living in the same complex as her and she always has something to complain about. Jeannie is the sweetest and if you are not happy they will always redo the work to your expectations.  After knowing Jeannie for almost 7 years now she hardly talks, is soft spoken and quiet so I highly doubt she sat their and argued with her.
5	Don't know why, but my initial review has disappeared.I found Minh and Lai about four months ago by checking reviews here on Yelp! I have been extremely happy with the work that they do, and their friendliness from the moment you walk in the door until you head out to your car. They both do excellent work, and I'm always happy with my nails.
2	I used to go here all the time.  When i moved back to the area i was excited to go back.  I was dissapointed.  I am not sure if they are using bad product or what.  The gel polish peeled off.  My nails were lifting. Several issues over a 2 month period.
5	My mother-in-law and grandmother-in-law both recommended Tommy's Nails to me. I received a gel manicure and a pedicure from a male technician and he did a wonderful job- the massage was awesome! The atmosphere is very relaxing and the equipment is clean! Overall, a relaxing nail salon experience.
