1	THIS PLACE IS TERRIBLE!! I took my car to get a simple oil change. 3 hours later it was ready. I picked it up and it had a HUGE crack in my windshield!! I called back and spoke to Chris who told me it was already there when I dropped it off. Told me a manager would call me tomorrow. Nobody called me. After calling back twice I finally spoke to George who said it was probably because I parked it in the parking lot (where they told me to park it) and someone must have walked by and hit it with a baseball bat. HOW ABSURD!! I told George to figure out what happened and he called me back a day later and told me that they have no notes of it being cracked and unless I could prove it they weren't doing anything about it. I called back and spoke to Chris and he said no he said they DID NOT note that. WHAT A LIAR!! We had a ten minute argument about how it WAS cracked when I dropped it off. THEN HE HUNG UP ON ME!! Terrible customer service and how can they crack a window during a simple oil change?!?! NEVER GO HERE!!
4	Long wait, but so worth it! I took my car into this Midas today because I had hit a bump pretty hard in the past week and ever since my brake light had been going off. I was completely stressed because I don't have a lot of money to spend on car repair since I live pay check to pay check, but also have to have that car to get to get back and forth to work. Thinking Midas would be a cheap compromise to a traditional mechanic, I took my poor old banged up Saturn into them.I watched as the guys lifted and lowered my car several times, inspecting it with a flash light and clanging around with a wrench to see in anything was loose. That went one for about 2 hours, making me very nervous. Finally Don came to get me and show me what was wrong with me vehicle.First he showed me the underneath, pointing out that the only thing loose was my front fender. So of course I was still wondering why my brake light was going off. Then they lowered it, and Don showed me that the brake fluid was slightly low but not problematically so. But Saturn's are known for having very sensitive sensors (I know sounds silly) so they went ahead and topped off my brake fluid and told me go ahead and wait in lobby and they'd ring me up.Now I was expecting anywhere from $30-$60 for labor since the guys had spent so much time trying to figure out what was wrong with my car. I pulled out my wallet and patiently waited for Don to put all the info in the system and tally up the total. He folded up my paperwork and handed it to me and wished me a nice day. I asked how much I owed them, and he pointed out that the papers said I didn't owe a thing.So yes it took a chunk outta my day, But I got friendly and thorough service. These guys took the time and gave the courtesy that I wish all businesses would. I feel kind of bad that they didn't make a dime from me today, but they definitely will in the future since I am for sure a repeat customer at this place. BTW, my brake light hasn't gone off all day, and I've been all over city running errands since I left Midas.
4	Have been a customer here for several years, then started going to another chain within walking distance of home....never again!  The waits are sometimes long, not too much around to kill time going to, but at least it's an honest place and you can totally trust what they tell you!
3	I had one really bad experience here, and two really good ones. Thosecancel each other out mostly, one more good experience and I'll probably upgrade my star rating a second time.
