5	This is a very divey cultural marvel. It sucks you in like nothing else. If you like to actually dance and enjoy yourself as opposed to keep up an image, this is the best place. Pro tips:- DO go on Saturday for great electro.- DO buy 2.25 drinks EVERY NIGHT- DO bring non-pretentious friends who like good music, cheap drinks, and a dance floor. Phil's randoms can be.. randoms.With great power, comes great responsibility.- DON'T dress up. You'll regret it. Drinks will be spilled.- DON'T  wear open-toed shoes or shoes that can be easily damaged. Feet will be stepped on.- DON'T look up at the ceiling :)Phil's is not for everyone. Please don't bother if:- You feel like Caesar's / Fubar / Cameo is your niche. - Have any expectations.- Take yourself very seriously.
3	PHILSSSS!!!! Let's see how to put this. This was one of my main stomping grounds during university. This place is busy pretty much every night of the week. My three favourite nights were Sunday (retro night), Saturday (electro night) and Friday (indie night). The drinks are dirt cheap which is the main appeal of this place. People complain that it's dirty, and it is but ignore the complaints about the ceiling that's simply spray insulation. Anyways I used to love this place but recently I don't know if it's because I'm getting old or they got a new DJ but it's suddenly less appealing. I personally think it's the music, retro nights aren't very retro anymore (apparently the 80's don't qualify anymore) and electro nights sounds like it's from 4 years so if your down for an ok time and some super cheap drinks come here.
5	I have to give Phil's 5 stars. I thought about it for like half a second, but it's just too awesome not to. Phil's is cheap, grimey, dirty and fun in so many ways. I've been on a Monday night and it was awesome. You need to go in expecting it though because Phil's can get you. Top things you should know:Drinks are dirt cheap, so if you want to get absolutely hammered this is your placeDont go here expecting a nice club. The floors are filthy, the dance floor is cramped and the bathrooms are grossEveryone (or at least most people) are there to just have a good time, keep the good vibes going - don't be a douche. My advice is go on an off-night (like Sunday-Wednesday) because Phil's is ALWAYS a shitshowHave fun and good luck!
