5	Consider yourself warned..Charming Charlie is either Heaven or Hell there is no in between. Heaven ......loads of choices for fun jewelry at inexpensive prices. Think trendy and reasonable but not stuff you keep forever. Need a dragonfly necklace..they have it.. colorful beads yup those too, big splashy necklaces ..no problem ..strings of pearls,  well you got the picture, they have it all..even unexpected surprises like cute pillboxes, rubber cowboy boots and fun scarves...yes scarves are fun. Hell? Yes, because the cute cheapness is a major temptation, add in the gift factor  as in ...oh this would be perfect for ....  you get the idea?  I could spend 200.00+ without blinking..now do I need 200.00 worth of baubles ? Probably not but that is why is a little bit of H-E double hockey sticks for yours truly. And here is the kicker  I want to go back..I have been twice and I already want to go back and I just got home...maybe I should have bought the purple and black strand...oh the faux leather flower bracelet was so cute...   See the problem?
4	Ok, the girly girl in me comes out when I walk in. I am a sucker for sparkly, pretty costume jewelery. They have all your party jewels in all the colors of the rainbow for sure. Prices are average but the selection is awesome.
5	I was doing a lil shopping at Norterra & saw this cute store while I was down the way at Victoria's Secret & Bath & Body Works, I knew I had to take a peek. When I 1st walked in I was a little overwhelmed with all the merchandise. But as I walked around & looked at everything I was able to take it all in & had a lot of fun! I love that everything is color coordinated, every OCD persons dream! I had my hubby with me so I tried not to take too long, but I could seriously spend a couple hours in there. I didn't get much but I know I'll be back frequently. Picked up some cute, black chandelier earrings with a chunky necklace to match. Such great prices too, both items were less than $20. Can't wait to return!
5	Im probably the only guy who will give a review of a woman's boutique...  But when you have a girlfriend with two daughters who have been wanting to come here for ever, it's worth seeing how excited they get.So this place is roughly a ton of jewelry, purses, necklaces and a ton of other small trinket type things.  What's cool about it is that everything seems to be color coordinated.  So if you were looking for something black, they literally had a black section.. a yellow section.. a purple section, etc.   Very cool idea.According to my girlfriend, the prices were ridiculously cheap.  She bought a purse and expected to pay $75, but it was only $25.  There are only a few locations that Ive seen.. one downtown and this location way up north.Very cool and I know we're looking to bring the girls back here so they can pick a few things out.For the guys.. they have a spot for us to sit in the back.  It was pretty funny seeing all the men hanging out on the side.
5	So many great accessories and cute clothes! I got my accessories for my Wedding here, and they were perfect. Everything from clutches to earrings, from cute tops to watches, they have everything color coordinated!
5	Pretty cool concept for an accessory store, sections of the store are broken apart by color. Makes shopping soooo much easier! Super fun to shop in. The store associates are friendly and do not pester you asking if they can help every 5 seconds, so thats a plus.
5	One word... AMAZING! its all color coordinated and at a low price! they also have amazing sales. Its easy to find what you need and what you gotta have! I could spend hours here! OH and i have the smallest feet ever and i like that they have my shoe size 5 there once in awhile. =]
4	What an ingenious idea for a shop! All of the accessories are sorted and arranged by color even varying in the silvers and golds. They even had size 8 & 9 rings, a rarity. The clearance back corner is a must see. Most of the prices, on clearance, were $5 and under and not outdated in the slightest. They had a lot of interesting pendant necklaces like typewriters and ice cream cones. The also had an assortment of clothes and shoes. The service was a bit snippy, it was towards the end of her shift. She definitely had her pattern down, "Thank you for shopping at Charming Charlie.....Here's your..... Have a good day." She said so animatronically I didn't realize what she said until I thought about it a minute.
3	About died when I heard there was a jewelry store the size of Costco ! They sell everything from hats to wallets to cute tops and of course jewelry! I loved most of their merchandise just not some of the prices. Prices for jewelry were great it only got a little expensive when checking out their clothing options. It is very organized with a boutique feel to it all. There jewelry ranges from neon punk styles to the more basic and classy. If your looking for something specific, chances are its in there somewhere.
5	All I can say is WOW!!! What a place. And what great prices! I could live here. ;-)
3	Normally I love this store!!!  The store and concept get 5 stars!!This particular store's service gets maybe 2 stars in you are lucky.Every time I've been in, the employees aren't helping anyone.  They are either cleaning up and ignoring customers, or they are behind the counter.I had gone in to find some gifts for my daughters.  The previous time I had been in, my 4 year old had noticed the hair chalk so I went to the counter to ask one of the girls back there where I might find it since I didn't see it.First, I was the ONLY customer there.  All 3 employees were behind the counter gossiping.  I must have stood there like an idiot for a good minute while they talked and didn't even look at me.  Finally one of them asked rudely if she could help me, like I was disrupting her.  I asked her about the hair chalk and she said "I don't know."  I just stared at her.  Then she YELLED  to the woman (named Janelle because I heard her on the phone later when I was paying) who looked like a manager.  This "manager" didn't even turn around, kept walking away and just yelled over her should at me "We don't have any."Nice...Very professional.If you can, visit another store.  I do love Charming Charlies and the accessories are awesome.  It's the employees that don't seem to like their jobs....
5	OMG, accessory heaven! And color coordinated for the OCD types ;-)
4	This store is amazing!! Everything is sorted by color. Great for gifts or that missing piece to complete an outfit. Can put a dent in your budget so use caution!
4	Loved it!
5	Okay now typically I try to review after I've been a couple times, and this is based on only a single visit during the Christmas season, however the visit was as good as it gets for a guy in a women's store so for the men out there who need to be creative with their birthday or holiday shopping check out Charming Charlie, and here is why: 1. The store is color coded. This makes me very happy. I know what colors the females in my life like and the ease of getting around the store by color cuts my stress in half. 2. There are no sales people following you around, however there are plenty to help a lost looking individual like myself. My questions were answered, my gifts were chosen and I was out in less than 15 minutes. 3. Classy but not pricy. The clothes and accessories are a classy look, that can be worn to work, out to dinner, or even just around town when your lady wants to look all fancy. I do classy but I don't do pricy, so this fits the budgets and I'd say the clothes have an expensive look to them.In finding Charming Charlie, I feel like I've just saved myself many hours and much stress the next time I need to shop for my sister, mother or other females in my life. In CC I have a simple, win-win solution to all that!
4	What is not to love about Charming Charlie? You don't have to be the most girlie girl in the world to enjoy Charlie's array of selection. And boy is there a selection! The store is arranged by color and every color of the rainbow is represented, including black, white, silver, and gold! There are some apparel choices, some shoes, but it's about accessories. There are accessories to meet, fit, or challenge any personal style. It has really helped me to branch out and try bolder styles without breaking the bank!The only reason I don't give this store 5 stars is because the staff was non-existent. There was no one helping customers--much less even saying HELLO for that matter.  I did have a fun visit there though and I will go back because it's not terribly far from me, but I'll keep in mind the staff's lack of enthusiasm. That's not representative of how other Charlie locations are so don't let that deter you.
3	Wow! Everything is broken up into little pockets of color coded amazingness. It wasn't terribly busy and despite about 5-6 different ladies working there, I wasn't greeted once or asked if I needed help with anything. Color coding must be more important then customer service. The products are great, the shopping experience not so much.
4	Love the store, and always find something to buy.  Went to buy some specific colored necklaces a few weeks ago, and found two that I couldn't live without.  One is bright red.  I wore it Saturday evening, with a dress and white jacket.  This morning, when I went to put the jacket on again, I noticed red all over the front and front collar of the jacket, and realized that the necklace had bled on the jacket.  Luckily it came out in the wash, but I'm now concerned about wearing the necklace again.  Any thoughts?
3	Went in looking for and eye glass case. Was told they had a good selection. My mistake as the selection was geared to women. Looked like a nice place to pick up a gift for a women however.
5	AH-MAZ-ING!! Was so happy to have found this gem! I was told about Charming Charlie's while out buying stuff for my Halloween costume. I went in hopes in finding some anchor pieces for my sailor costume and hit the jackpot! Not only did I find some accessories, I also got an amazing deal in the clearance section!  The associate who rung me up was super friendly so I told her what I was planning and she was able to offer me some advice and extra earring converters I didn't know existed! Will definitely go back, and happy to say it has already made its way to the east coast for when I go home to visit!
