2	As I was out running some errands, I noticed the banner hanging from the local Pizza Hut advertising their lunch buffet and I decided to stop.  I recall seeing somewhere that they were only putting personal pizzas on the buffet these days, but that isn't the case, at least at this location.  They are full-fledged pies.  Pizza Hut pies, to be sure, but they are the real ones, not the baby-sized ones.  That can actually be both good and bad.It's good because you can get a decent slice from the buffet.  It can be bad because with room for only four pizzas at a time, and with one of those at any given time being a dessert pizza, it means if one of the three main pizzas isn't one that you like, you may have to wait for one that you like.  This is an issue because the restaurant isn't very busy - probably the reason for the banner outside.  As such, the three pizzas don't go very fast.Still, if you're at Pizza Hut, chances are that you like their pizza at least okay.  It's not like you're out on a limb to try something adventurous.  If you want more variety, go to CiCi's Pizza.  If you want something good, try Big Guy's Pizza instead.Anyway, the pizza isn't bad.  You just don't get a lot of choices.  They also have pasta, but in my experience, it's usually almost gone.  I don't know if this is because people don't like the choices of pizza and eat all the pasta, because they don't put much out, or some combination of both.  There are also bread sticks, but they don't usually have many of those either.  There is a good bit of marinara sauce, but I'm not sure what you're supposed to use it on, since the pizza has plenty and there is usually little pasta or bread.  You can also get a salad, but it costs extra.The service is generally friendly, but not very good.  The price is a bit much.  For all this and a drink you'll pay more than you should.  The one bright spot is the sweet tea.  It is sweet and syrupy, just like it should be.  Make sure you get plenty.
2	Party of One deal keeps getting more expensive.  Salad tastes like it was bought from Food Lion.Pizza is what you'd expect.
1	We have gone to this Pizza Hut in the past and were not satisfied with the service. When we first moved to our house, this location and the one at Lawyers & Margaret Wallace both argued as to which location was supposed to deliver to us! We didn't feel like leaving the house last night and decided to give them another chance. They were 20 minutes late, the pizza and wings were cold, and the customer service was terrible! I will not be ordering from this place again. I am really surprised this location has been in business as long as it has.
