1	I rented from them for a year and asked for my deposit back.  They have me the run around and a year later still have not returned my money.  They kept saying.  It is in the mail.
2	We finally got our deposit back.
1	I truly wish I would have listened to the reviews on Google and Yelp in regards to this place - I didn't and because of that I have endured a great amount of hassle.  I began my walk through in the laundry room. There I found soap residue in the washer, change, and pen ink all over the dryer. I walked into a downstairs bedroom looked at the ceiling and found what looked to be green cereal (like Trix) stuck to the ceiling, as well as black marks throughout the ceiling and walls.  The amount of dust on the window sills and fixtures along with the mysterious green balls on the ceiling indicated to me that the unit was not painted prior to my walk through. I walked up the stairs and noticed that the carpet on the stairs was filthy and no where did I see markings indicating that they were professionally cleaned, let alone even vacuumed. I noted a fair amount of dust on the door bell unit, vents, and the air filter looked like it had not been changed in quite some time as there was dust caked all around it. In the bathrooms the tubs had black filth in them, mold/mildew in the crevices, and under the soap holders. The master bathrooms cabinet was practically hanging off the hinges. And the kitchen? Oh MY was it ever disgusting. The sink was rust stained, oven knobs still caked with food. The microwave had debris around the window area as well as inside. The vent under the refrigerator was caked with dust and food and the inside of the unit did not look any better. There were water stains, and debris in the cabinetry. The garage had fresh oil spills and just outside of the window were two big fresh piles of dog feces. I immediately went back to the office and asked for my deposit and holding fee back. This was beyond unacceptable. Stacy and James attempted to rectify the situation by offering to have the unit cleaned but with this experience, mixed with the reviews I read on the property there wasn't much either of them could say to make me want to stay. This was just an indication of the type of service I would have received had anything gone wrong in the unit during my stay. They did return the deposit and holding fee I gave them but at a GREAT inconvenience and financial loss to myself. These funds were given as a money order. The money order was already made out to Palmilla and therefore I am unable to deposit or cash it myself. What I do have to do is send in a request to the issuing company, pay $15 and wait for the money to be refunded to me. And since this is two separate money orders I am now out $30.Moreover, I had furniture due to be delivered that morning that I had to reschedule at a cost of $50, movers I had to cancel at $50, mail that has already been forwarded to the unit, checks ordered with that new address on it, I had electric service and gas service turned on at the unit that I am going to get a bill for though I haven't inhabited it, and I have incurred extra fees at my current place of residence due to the fact I was not able to move out on the 15th. So what was simply just giving me back my money to Pamilla Management is nothing but a loss and a HUGE hassle to myself because they attempted to rent me out a filthy unit.
