5	This is an amazing Haunted house!!  a must see!
5	I've to many haunted houses this year.  This one is way better then the 13th floor, and the nest.  The line was a short wait and very dark and gory.  I plan on going back for a second trip with a differant group of friends
5	Jack and Jill's Haunted Hill always manages to scare the bejeebies out of me. The storyline is so creative, and creepy! I've been going for 3 years now.Other huge pluses about this haunted house is that it's never an hour long wait, it's less $ than other haunted houses, and it's freaking amazing that this is a local production!!I've gone with my bf, and with friends. Can't wait to go back again a few times this year! It's located at the SE side of 43rd ave and Tbird, facing Tbird. Plenty of parking in the lot. Kids/ Family Friendly hour from 6pm-7pm.
3	The haunted house was really well done. The fear factor was definitely there. They get an A+ there. It is pretty short though. We waited in line longer than we were actually in the house. If they could get a bigger haunt and keep the feel they have going now I think they could do amazing things. I'll be back next year for sure.
2	This house reminds me of the movie saw. It's not scary. It's more of a psycological thriller. The sales person said it would take 12 to 15 minutes to get through and we were through it in less than five. I would not recommend going to this production, instead go to the 13th floor off of Bell Road and I 17.
5	This haunt is for haunt enthusiast and first timers alike! Unlike most haunts they have a story that they fully immerse you into.  Scares are around every turn in this slaughter haunt production.  The actors are convincing and the set, even though they obviously don't have the budget other haunts do, makes you feel frightened from the get go.  Plus $10 bucks! Beat that with a bat!  I've read other reviews saying it was only 4 min, they must've went the wrong way! We timed it.  Can't wait to see what happens next year at Jack and Jill's Haunted Hill!!!
5	I love that it has an actual story to your haunt. There is a short video of a news clip in the beginning that helps bring the haunt that much closer to real life. Can't wait to go back again! If you have smaller children they do a kid friendly version early in the evening. They went out of their way to make sure the kids had a great time. Hope to go back again before Halloween!
4	With Halloween rapidly approaching, folks looking for a great time and a good scare should look no further than Jack and Jill's haunted Hill in Phoenix Arizona. This your operating from a much larger facility than they had in years past the fiendishly clever locale offers some pleasant twists on the standard haunted house attractions will doing it at an affordable price. Tickets are just $10 and for those wishing to avoid the lines, VIP passes can be obtained for $18 which allow visitors to spend considerably less time waiting to experience the attraction. As with last year, the attraction begins with a multimedia presentation that documents numerous missing individuals who were last seen going into a suspicious mine which was later closed by authorities for the greater public's safety. It is disclosed that a new entrance has been discovered and as such your adventure begins. Moving through darkened mazes, this will come upon all sorts of horrors as they attempt to learn the fate of Jack and Jill. While the approach is fairly standard in that guest move through darkened corridors before stopping at a specific locale were scripted event occurs, what really makes this traction standout the quality of the acting and special effects. I don't want to spoil any of the surprises but needless to say animatronic devices and other enhanced special effects take this attraction to a whole new level. While I found last year's house to be a little creepier due to the extra darkness, I have to admit that the longer experience combined with the great visuals and acting certainly made this fantastic experience for horror fans. When you consider the fact that many other haunted attractions charge between 25 and $35 for admission the value of Jack and Jill's Haunted Hill makes this an experience you won't want to forget.
2	After reading the reviews on yelp I was expecting more from this place. They didn't seem to have anything scary more just gross and people getting in your face. The make up was good and I liked the bodies hanging from the roof room but the scariest moments were when the guy walking around the outside would drop his shovel on the ground and drag it.Price wasn't bad but considering I paid for VIP and still spent more time in line than the actual house when it wasn't that busy is pretty bad.
