4	So this greasy spoon is as ghetto as they come. They got a market and a grill manned by this guy who looks like Snoop Dogg - What's funny is....its a lil intimidating for white people when they walk in. But hey everyone's friendly. They have video poker machines that are still coin in and coin out. But Hamburger Hut(or we call it Hamburger Slut) holds a delicious treasure of hamburger surprise. Ever watch Grease 2 and Michelle Pfeiffer is at the diner getting a burger and putting lots of ketchup on it? Or Pulp Fiction. Where they house the Big Kahuna burger? Well these movies make me crave burgers. This burger grilled over an open flame....FANF*CKINGTASTIC.....yes It's not Burger Bar at Mandalay or Kilroy's - This is just all man meat grilled juicy like a house burger without the onions or bell peppers sticking out of it. Snoop knows how to grill a burger. The chicken fingers....sure they're packaged - but it's good fast food they usually hook you up big. Fried chicken's not bad also. I haven't found anything I really didn't like at this place. Sure it's not Mc Donald's(I just threw up in my mouth) but it definitely is an experience if I use the FANF*CKINGTASTIC word....So Location - 1 star...but it gives it character. Experience and Taste...4 stars.
5	This is the spot in town for late night ficken chingers...(you know what i mean)... or if your in the mood for some fried catfish...ohh snap it's the bomb. I have to agree with the first yelper..this is an intimidating part of town but worth the trip.
5	Don't let the neighborhood setting intimidate you.   Good quality burgers cooked to order and french fries hot from the fryer and dashed with seasoned salt -- just like back in the day.  Friendly folks all around too.Parking is hard to come by during the lunch rush, but the food is worth the walk around the corner where street parking is available.
4	Love this place. Hamburger Hut is a small restaurant located in a liquor store serving up a variety of food from chicke fingers to breakfast burritos. My favorites are the Pancho nachos and the Philly cheesesteak. The prices are reasonable and food is good. Definitely a locals spot, but I encourage anyone to go down. You can also phone your order in so it will be ready for pick up. There are tables inside for dining in as well as a few slot machines and liquor.
2	Made a special trip to this place based on glowing Yelp reviews and was really disappointed.  The burger was not great--reminded me of overcooked backyard BBQ.  The onion rings were okay.  Nothing good enough to make me return.
3	I ordered the 4 pc fried chicken (I think it was $5.29). It came with fries and a couple rolls. The chicken was ok. The fries were too salty. There was a lot of food for $6.You probably want to phone in your order before coming here because it's kinda greasy inside. I'll probably come back and try their philly cheesesteak.
4	The place looks a little spotty, but don't let that fool you... The food quality is the opposite. I had the combo, something simple. It took a little while to make, which was fine because it was worth it. The cheeseburger was taaaaasty! It's 10x better than your average McDonalds burger and the fries were hot, steamy, and big. (That's what she said.)I wish I could go here more often, but it's on the opposite side of town for me. They should really open up another location in Vegas. Try it out.
5	Hamburger Hut has been the best for years. Yes, it is in the HOOD but that's where you find the best food of this type.
4	Hamburger Hut is that not so attractive kid in your class who turns out to be funny, friendly, and cool once you get to know him.They have a few dry items, liquor and other beverages, thus the market part of their namesake.  A few video poker machines are there too, but the reason to come here is really for the food.Mexican fare, and some fried deliciousness are all available here.  I have yet to try any of the Mexican food, although that will happen very soon.  I can't help but order the fried catfish overtime, it is so good.This is a deep fried, flaky salty kick in the taste buds.  The fish stays nice and moist while, the breading is crispy and light.  I like these aquatic morsels with a little hot sauce or even malt vinegar like fish n' chips would be eaten.  The fish is served with fries which as Andy t. puts it, are "too salty."  Does that stop me from inhaling them with my fish?  You know it does not!The chicken tenders are delicious too, and can be ordered with varying degree of heat.  As a lover of all things hot, I recommend staying away from the hottest they have, as its more salty than spicy.  I think they use Frank's red-hot sauce to kick it up.This dingy dive stop will not disappoint.  Come in for a quick and inexpensive bite, be ready to drink lots of water the rest of the day, all that tasty salt will keep you thirsty.
2	The fried perch came pre-battered out of a box in the freezer.  The fries came out of a box next to it.  I saw the chicken strips on another table that looked like your basic freezer strips also.  The burger reminded me of my high-school cafeteria except with three times as much mustard as was necessary.  The hot wings were your standard deep fried with a sauce that I'm sure was straight from a jar.That said, it was all pretty cheap.  However, I don't think it deserved the rave reviews.  I might try the fried chicken if I happened to be in the area but I'm not going out of my way for it.
5	One of the hidden gems in Vegas. This is a family run business that has FANTASTIC food. Try the mexican food, I had chile colorado once and have been raving about it since.
1	I just came from this place.. We had mild hot wings, catfish, chicken and fries... So not good.. The fried chicken was cooked in what seemed like 3 day old grease and had no kind of seasoning.. The no seasoning trend goes for everything!!! Catfish no seasoning, how wings no seasoning.. Omg this has been the worse experience I ever had.. To top it off they ran out of tarter sauce but gave me blues cheese and told me to dip my catfish in that.. Ugh.. So not worth 21.83
5	Have been going there since high school yeah it might be in the ghetto but the food is good!! I have never been disappointed....all they want todo is make good food!!! I recommend the hut special, chicken finger, and wings all are very good!!!
5	Tried chicken fingers in different places, but none come close to the chicken fingers here! Wish they had a better parking area.
4	Best thing going for North Town. You must try the hot wings & hot chicken tenders! The fries are perfect but burgers are whatever. I've never tried the Mexican or sea food because I'm addicted to the wings and fingers. You get a lot of bang for your buck! Last night i went and ordered 2 regular cheeseburgers, 10 piece hot wings, & 4 chicken fingers which came out to $20 and some change. Parking sucks though when it's busy.
3	After a long day in Culinary School, I was looking for a good place to grab a bite to eat around CSN. I decided to check out Hamburger Hut. Based on the reviews, I decided to go with the chicken fingers and my spouse got the catfish. I thought the chicken fingers were pretty decent but nothing special. However, my wife really, really liked her catfish.A couple words of warning if you're heading to Hamburger Hut: the service is slow and there's limited seating.
4	I've been working in North Town for a few weeks and Hamburger Hut was the first stop on my lunch tour of the area.I read all the reviews prior and ordered the famous chicken fingers, which were nice and hot. The fingers are A-OK (3 stars), but I'm bumping The Hut up to 4 because, if it weren't for the acres and acres of empty lots around, you might think you were in a real urban city somewhere! The place is a little run-down, always jammed with patrons and high school kids just hanging out, you get your soda from a cooler on the "market" side, there IS a "market" side, and the staff are always yelling orders back and forth. Seriously, it seemed just like a place I used to go to in Inglewood! Not that Inglewood is anything to rave about, but just for the unique factor, I'm glad Hamburger Hut exists.
4	Good find in the North! Fried Chicken - best tasting fried chicken I've ever had! Nice size portion for 2.Catfish - very good, just wish they gave a little more.Burgers - ok. tasted like a regular ol' hamburger to me. Which brings me to my next question, why is it called Hamburger Hut when they're burgers are mediocre as hell? HahaIt's a convenient store/restaurant. But more of a restaurant. It seems busy all the time and I hear people always ordering the fried chicken.  That's all imma get here too. Parking is limited. Like, only 7 spaces limited.
5	delicious mom n pop joint
3	This is a pretty bad area but the burger was actually OK.  I would like to try the Perch and even though the big sign outside says Broasted Chicken, they had no chicken. I will be back but probably not for the burger.  Five Guys burger still rocks.
5	This is my favorite spot for chicken wings. best wings with delicious fries and amazing ranch.I recommend anyone and everyone here, its in the ghetto but worth going out of my way for. i have introduced all my friends who introduced all of their friends.The parking lot set up is terrible, don't go n a big truck, you will be asking for misery.
4	we got 20 wings and fries for $13.99. The wings were great. so good. and hot. Definitely will return soon.
1	The only reason I am giving this a one star is because this was my second time there, and this time, they messed up on processing my credit card and charge me $84.01 for my chicken wings. the lady said she voided it, then swiped my card again and fixed the price, 5 days later it was still taken out of my bank account. My bank is going to fix this for me, but I should not have had to go through all this hassle just for these dang wings. Because of this mistake of theirs I will find another wing place. I mean what if I had needed that money for a bill or something. Get it together.
4	The hamburger is filling and they do prepare them the right way.I got the wings, not the best mild but very good medium or hot.A+ on the fried chicken and chicken fingers.Hate the parking lot though..lol
4	Ok this place looks a little scary not in the best neighborhood but let me tell you there chicken fingers are amazing and then get a regular hut so good n cheap.
3	PROS:  Burger tastes like a down home backyard charcoal bbq burger.  Chicken fingers/wings also great.  Very inexpensive at about $5 for the largest burger with everything on it.  CONS: staff can be quite rude, atmosphere (this a a gas station, dont expect anything more), parking is non-existant, & sometimes the oil in the fryer is too old & it makes the fries taste like crap.  Never had any complaints about the burger however.  I would give the burger/fingers/wings 5 stars, however the rest of the menu deserves two stars
4	This is going to be a difficult review, here is why: Great food, bad location, not as clean/new as I am use to. So I am doing the Star Rating once we get to the end.Cleanliness= 3Price            = 5Value           = 5Location      = 3Menu selection=5Food  Quality    =6 stars (too bad only 5 stars count).Total 26 stars/6= 4.33... rounded to 4 starsI was leaning to 3 stars originally. So using math was beneficial to them. Here is why I was thinking three stars. They had a new cashier (I usually won't hold it against them or her, but the other cashier took care of 4 other people while she did only mine. I knew I wasn't her first customer, certainly felt that way. They need to spend time training). This issue I am not holding against them.The outside of the building looks great, it is just the rest of the area seems to be a bit run down. Value and price, this cost me as much or a little bit less than McDonald's. Menu selection and food quality: up to this point I was thinking they will be fortunate to get a 3 star. I really wanted a burrito (a bit disappointed they don't have carne asada, but the shredded beef was off the chain). My wife and brother n law got the 1/4pound hamburger. This Hamburger was among the best I have every had tasted!
5	Best chicken wings ever!! Not sure what is is, maybe a higher vinegar to hot sauce ratio but not even my second fave wings place can hold a candle to these guys. First time I was introduced to their delicious food was when somebody brought some wings to a hotel party. I didn't get a chance to try them while they were hot but even when they were a few hours old, they were still BOMB! That had me sold so every once in a while if I'm feeling brave, I'll drive there to the not-so-nice part of NLV and order myself some wings and a six-pack. Convenient cuz it's also a lil market. I wouldn't go there after dark though. Just saying.
4	If you don't mind a hole in the wall in the hood, then why haven't you been to this place?! It's literally a convince/liquor/market style store, with the room for 5 tables and a small wings or deli style set up. I'm usually the only white girl, however never treated to where I at all feel uncomfortable. The have a variety of items including (the obvious) burgers, wings, hotlinks, and catfish. The hotlink side is a Louisiana style link served on bread with mustard, ketchup, and onions. It's $2 and change and the best freakin link I've ever had. The burgers are cooked fresh and kinda remind me of five guys. I haven't had anything I don't like and wouldn't be surprised if they ultimately get a 5 star rating from me. If they had wiped down tables and a little bit cleaner of a dining area they would have!
3	ANOTHER GREAT FIND FOR MY HOLE IN THE WALL PLACES LIST!Based on some of the reviews I read, the wings, fried chicken, hot links, and catfish were all highly recommended.So I ordered wings and catfish. Originally I wanted to order fried chicken as well but they told me that they had just run out. From what I heard, their fried chicken is so good that they usually run out. Ok, so why don't they fix that? Anyways, the wings were decent. Your choices were mild, medium, spicy, and barbeque. The catfish was really good. It had that perfect blend of batter and cornmeal. Nice and juicy too. Next time I hope I can come early enough to try their fried chicken.Now when you go to this place, they are situated in their own building in between an apartment complex on the right and a convenience store on the left. Parking is rather small and on busy occasions, you might just have to park down the street somewhere. When you finally make it inside, you will notice that they are basically a convenience store that just happens to serve burgers, wings, fried chicken, catfish, and many others that looks appetizing. You have about 4 decent tables and if you're lucky, you are able to sit at one of them if you are not gonna take your food to go. Yes, they take cards and I dont remember seeing any signs of a minimum amount so I guess that's a good thing. Their bathroom is all the way in the back and it's not all that obvious. You kinda have to do a little bit of exploring before you can find it.I hate to say it, but the actual appearance of the place looks rather ghetto. But the food and the service they provide is quite remarkable. If they had a better location and make up they would be making some serious money.So in closing, my advice would be to call ahead for a pick up order and if there is a table available then by all means, go ahead and eat there. As for their menu, you really have to be there if its your first time and some parts of their menu are not all that clear.  4 stars for the food and 2 stars for the location so 3 stars it is for me.
5	I love the hut.  This is next best thing to Stop-N-Shop from back in the day :-)
4	This joint is a hood classic !!...reminiscent of the old original S&S on pecos & lv blvd ,  best fingers & wings in town...#checkmate
4	This is a 2 part reviewFirst off, the food at this place is off the chain. I've never not enjoyed whatever I've gotten here. The catfish is 5 star no doubt, never been lucky enough to get the fried chicken because it's always out. The wings are hot and excellently sauced and the burgers are good and worth the priceThe location is something that I personally find charming but I understand why some folks are turned off. This is a tiny joint. It's a supermarket with the grill as part of it. There aren't that many tables if you're going to eat in. Because its a tiny place there isn't much parking. I usually never have issues but it has aroseTL;DR try the wings or the catfish, small parking lot but worry the wait
3	Food is very good and cheap. Extremely limited parking. Call ahead so you don't have to wait 25 mins for your food because everything is made to order.
4	This place was pretty good and the portion was great only downside is the location and the interior of the market. It could definitely use an upgrade. The food was pretty darn good I tried the wings, a burger and their chili cheese fries and I was satisfied. Wooohoooo Hamburger Hut
2	This place was pretty good someone took me here a long time ago and I could never remember the name and I just found it. The neighborhood is not so nice But I guess don't let that run you away Have to try new things!!
1	This place is hella ghetto and nasty. I order a burger with NO onions and they put onions, the bad thing is that i told them about it so they could fix it but all they did was pick the onions off. Never going back again
5	Some of the best fingers I've ever had. As well as the burgers! Really some GREAT food.
4	My coworker turned me on to this place. The place is a classic hole in the wall with good food. I had the burger, wings and fries all was delicious with a great price.
3	Hood Burgers...there are some good ones out there!  HH definitely fits the bill for "hood" enough...but is it "good" enough??Super Hut Burger and Fry. It's inexpensive (at around $7 or so for the combo) but it is lacking in taste. Don't get me wrong, it's not bad, but I have had many better 'Hood Burgers' in town!!  Compare it to Fat Boy for instance...not even in the same ballpark.Fries are very basic as well...could use a little more salt or flavoring.  I didn't bother eating them all.The location and area sucks, but you knew that already.The eating area is inside a convenience store, but all the tables and floors were dirty when I got there during lunch time.  I've grown up in bad neighborhoods my whole life and lived down the street from here actually...but was still never fully comfortable while I was eating here.I vote pass!
5	Chickens wings and fingers are superrr bomb.omg and the fries even better! Live like 2mins away always go their :p
1	This place used to be a cool place to eat after your out shopping all day want a quick meal.  Well today i took a special trip to get me Chicken Tenders and Fries and a blue creme soda...well to my surprise!!! I also got in my order a Fried Roach!!! I called back to let them know about this and was told oh well if you could bring it back we will replace it....I wouldn't let my dog eat off they dirty floors...nor do I want anything they could possibly offer besides my money back and I just might call the health department...
5	Been one of my favorite spots since high school best chicken fingers in Vegas, the burger are great as well I love the HUT
5	Small place big flavor ! Been my go to spot for years now and I feel completely comfortable sending friends and family to this great place
5	Looking for a cheap, delicious burger? This is the spot. I just wanted a delicious cheeseburger. No fancy nancy, just old fashioned like dad makes em' type. WINNER WINNER! Not in the best neighborhood, go before 5--haha
4	I have been going to this place for over 10 years, I moved back to MT and when I visit Vegas, I always go to HH. I get the cheeseburger and the hot chicken tenders. Yum.
2	I ordered 5 wing combo for lunch one afternoon and they took longer than expected. The staffseemed nice but I'm not going here again.  I ordered through the phone and they quoted ten minutes but it took more like 20 minutes. I got my drink and I was scared to choose my drink from the soda machine, the nozzles looked all dirty. I then waited for my food and checked the place out,  they have a tiny kitchen and by the looks of things the food can get contaminated very easily.  They have a great fume vent thats one thing that i was imoressed with. When I opened the bag the wings were all overcooked and dried out.  The French fries were perfect,  crispy and fluffy inside.  I would never eat here again and this is not a spot I would recommend.
4	Love their wings. Food is awesome. Parking sucks!
5	Its alittles small but this place is bomb I absolutely love their hot wing's!!!!! The food is always fresh and the service is good. The burgers are pretty good too and really big!!!!
5	The bbq wings are to die for, my personal favorite!!!! All in all, eveything is very very good especially the chicken wings. If your in this area try Hamburger Hut out.
3	Okay before we get started fair warning. This is not a nice neighborhood. No seriously, you could get killed down here. This particular establishment is in what appears to be an abandoned building that doubles as a convenience store. I stopped on my way out of town for a trip home, to grab a burger for the kid it myself at three in the afternoon. In broad daylight it was a scary spot. The food - good. They make a hell of a burger. Just don't know if it's worth getting mugged over. Pretty sure they're selling crack out of the apartments next-lol
4	This place has always been delicious thing coming here ever since 2004 the food is so fresh you can't find it anywhere else reminds me of California all day long
4	The look of the place might fright you and I am sure they don't have an A rating just based off what I saw in the restaurant but the food is very tasty. There was a sink with a dirty rag and cleaner on it on the same counter as the soda and tea they had a drink system that dispensed the Mexican flavored drinks but they were empty and I think they had cleaner in the coffee pot because it was full of liquid but it was light brown. They have a wide variety of food to pick from and a little market in there as well with a lot of different drinks and snacks. The customer service for us was fine but a couple that ordered after us had an issue one of them ordered a burger with not ketchup and then when he walked back up to counter when he saw them making his burger they were adding ketchup he advised them he asked for no ketchup and they had an attitude like it was not his right to ask for something not to be on his burger, he stated if i am paying for it why is there a debate on ketchup going on my burger. Then one of the other people working chimed in and said something, the customer looked at the guy behind the counter and said I have been coming here for years and quite a few times a week and i have never seen you here so i am not sure why you are in this conversation all i am asking is for no ketchup to be on my burger. It looked like the conversation was about to get more heated but the guy just went back and sat down after he made sure not ketchup was on his burger. I was thinking why such a big issue the restaurant made over no ketchup, now on to the food... I am definitely a fan of this place! The bad news it that's it's so far from my house. I have missed fish n chicken places like this since I moved from the Midwest. The chicken wings were perfectly fried and seasoned not over cooked and the fries were good too. The only thing I was not crazy about was the buffalo sauce i got it to the side and it separated even when I put the top on it and shook it less than a minute it separated again, so that was a little weird to me. My husband got the catfish which he is now a big fan of theirs, he said the breading is what took the fish over the top for him. The fish was flaky and cooked perfectly.
1	So decided to get some wings because I had the urge to eat some wings and, well I was desperate, haha.  What I received was a very sad stack of chicken wings.  They were under sized and over cooked again :P. Never again
5	SOOO GOOD!!! I always get the 4 piece spicy. Perfect every time. You won't be disappointed. It's also a convenience store with a really good selection of drinks =]
4	This is my 1st time here @ Hamburger Hut with my fam we got cheeseburger wity everything and the catfish. .. i can believe how inexpensive it is but it's on the other side of town.... OMG THIS FOOD IS SO F***** GOOD!!
4	Catfish and steak fries were on point a lot smokey but definitely worth the trip my wife and daughter loved there cheeseburgers definitely will be back and we got wings to go
2	Not worth potentially getting robbed for. Our wings were fried pretty hard and the sauce was kinda nasty.
