5	The 11.98 liter sale is the BOMB! They have so many shampoos and conditioners that are on sale it's amazing! I always come out with at least 3 bottles - just for my husband! They also have the 7.98 hair spray sale, oh my! Girls do I load up on these! My favorite is Hard Head - by Bed head! AWESOME! I have had a pedicure in the salon area, I will admit it was the best one I've ever had, but the price tag was steep! If you don't mind spending a few bucks - it's well worth it!
1	I'm not a big beauty product person, but I do like to pamper myself once in a while with a mani/pedi.  Decided to give this place a try since they offered gel polish and had certified technicians on staff, so I made a reservation.  Walking in wasn't too bad, but when they didn't have my reservation on file, when two different staff members tried to check me in, and when the "technician" didn't realize I had asked for two manis (my husband was with me and wanted a clean up), I tried not to worry.  As we sat down, our assigned manicurist, Lori, was extremely chipper and talkative and offered to do both of us at the same time.  After asking for my color in gel, she very casually questioned whether or not that was what I really wanted, said that it might be pretty, but that they had a whole other shelf of polish in the pedicure room.  I wasn't sure what to say, since I've never been questioned on my choice of nail color...so I went to check out the other colors.  While they have a ton of OPI and China Glaze polishes in lots of colors, I was there for gel, and when they didn't have the color I was hoping for in in gel, I had to go with regular polish.  I have nothing against regular polish, but my job is very hands on, and I don't enjoy paying $25+ to get my fingernails painted just to have them chipping in two days.  I ended up having to choose regular polish anyway, and by this time she was almost done with my husband's hands.  Long, painful story short...I found Lori really enjoys talking, cooking, spending time in the kitchen, talking, her children, her grandchildren, making her own food, her freedom in not needing a job - but wanting one, talking, her dutch heritage, and talking.  There was very little focus on the actual manicure, the massage was lackluster with no pressure and a lot of lotion, she never touched our cuticles, didn't clip our nails, gave my husband a file and buffing block to touch up what he wanted, and when she finally painted my fingers, it looked like a three-year old trying desperately to color inside the lines.  She never even acknowledged the paint all over my skin.  Regardless, we paid our $40 and left having learned a lesson that we will not be returning to Beauty Brands for personal care.  I didn't bother to look at any of the products in the store (though it seemed well-stocked and organized), but the sketchy service from what their website touts as professional certified technicians isn't something I'd like to deal with again.  There are plenty of smaller, local options that are much more attentive and do a better job for the same price.
2	My first time going into this store and saw a worker walking an elderly lady out to her car which was really sweet. MY experience was not as sweet though. I walked in and no one greeted me, I walked around for a good 45 minutes and no one asked if i needed help. When I went to check out the cashier was talking to three other coworkers and knew I was there. she didn't start scanning my things until she was done talking about her upcoming weekend filled with drinks and girls she "hated". It wasn't a long conversation but it was enough to make me think how unprofessional this place was. she also never even said hello and how are you. She just said the price and i was done.
3	I've been coming here for a while for my eyebrow waxes. I always go to Jessica. She's awesome! Friendly and good at what she does.With this good experience with that, I've had some bad haircut experiences as well. :/The stylist cut my hair and made my hair uneven! I defintley wouldn't go back to get a hair cut- but I will be going for my brow waxing. :)
5	I love it here, I go to the best Hairdresser Laura. My good Friend Michelle recommended her and I saw her in January, I loved how my hair turned out, she really knows her stuff!Go make your appointment, she is super Busy!!!!
4	Great little place. I had no clue it was in there but I needed my hair blown out last minute and they fit me in quickly and did a great job. I even had a manicure while I was at it. Very satisfied. It is close to my house and easy to get into. Most importantly they did not leave me waiting for anything. I got great service and it was very reasonable.
1	I saw a stylist at the Chandler store.  I took pictures in of  how I wore my hair during the summer.  I wanted that style and she said she could do it.  It was an elegant hairstyle, about four inches long.  My hair is now about an inch long around my face, less in many places, and about two inches everywhere else.  I did not get anything near the style I showed her.  I really look like someone put a bowl on my head and cut it.  It is an awful style for me.  And I did not even ask for a new style!  I do not know why stylists feel they must do something different even when they say they will not.   If they can't do something you are asking for, they should say so and I would go elsewhere.   This stylist was recommended by friends and when I saw them last night they wanted to know why I didn't go to their stylist.  When I said I did, they were flabbergasted!  They both agree my hair looks terrible.  Now, It will be at least two months before it grows out again. I will not go back there and I cannot recommend them, especially this stylist.
