3	We stopped by this little cafe today for a quick bite before the castle. I had Le Parisienne sandwich with jambon blanco.  Their baguettes made on premise are much nicer than an average cafe sandwich baguette, with a crusty outside and light & soft inside.  The cheese and ham were both good in quality.  They have sandwiches that specify mayo on the menu, of which I opted not to choose.  My sandwich came, and it was de-lish. Simple, quality ingredients.  Onto the second half..a pocket-ful of mayo! A bit taken back, as I am not a fan of mayo.  But I never say never..if done right, I can let it go.  This was the case this time, I didn't mind it so much, and enjoyed the rest of the sandwich. A nice place to pop on by for a quickie bite, with peace and no-pressure friendly french fare.  Nice casual, simple, good.  I was hungry and left content :) Merci~ prob will be back again
5	"Bonjour" was the greeting I got from the friendly man behind the counter when I walked in the door. I had just gazed at a tower of macarons in the window after walking down the hill from the Royal Mile on my way back to my car parked in the Grassmarket. Within a couple of minutes I realised that my "bonjour" was partly to do with the fact that very little English was spoken in the cafe... I had basically just stepped into Paris from Edinburgh. The staff in La Barantine Victoria were really friendly. It had the feel of a family-owned business, which may actually be the case. I had the La Basque sandwich. It was a fresh baguette with chicken, mayo, roasted peppers and salad. I couldn't resist putting it down. Even though it was a big sandwich, I wanted more just because it tasted so good. I decided to go with the lunch deal of a sandwich (or quiche), hot drink, and... wait for it... a macaron. I had a nice pot of English Assam Breakfast tea which was tasty and at a good strength. And then I went with a salted caramel macaron, which was divine. It doesn't look like it from the outside, but there's actually seating inside, so grab a table and savour the goodness of La Brantine. La Barantine Victoria is great and should be on your list of places to try, even if you're getting a baguette, quiche or macaron to take away.
5	My hubbie brought me a baguette with goat cheese, sun blushed tomatoes, lettuce , peppers, some balsamic and olive oil . It was amazing !! The baguette was so fresh and soft inside and then crisp on the outside ! The goat cheese was smooth and bold but not too strong ... Loads of cheese on the sandwich too! The sandwich had been waiting 3 hours for me too, but it was I didn't even notice any sogginess ! He also brought me a chocolate salted Carmel macron which was so delicious! Their a wee bit smaller then others I've had around town but the taste was so wonderfully rich that the size was perfect ! I can't wait to go here in person sometime and see what other goodies await me !
