5	There is a reason they call this "The Bellagio of Drag Strips". Bruton Smith and the folks at SMI designed and built a showcase 4 lane, that's right, FOUR lane dragway. Like all the ingenious promoters at SMI, this facility boasts the best of NHRA facilities and offers a truly unique experience for the fan. zMAX is the only 4 lane dragstrip in the world and the grandstands, parking, and overall experience should truly be added to the race fan's bucket list. From reserved seating on both sides of the track, luxury seats, stadium seating options, ample parking, tram service, well designed pits and super convenient access to highways, this drag strip was made for the fans!Given its proximity (on property of Lowe's Motor Speedway and The Dirt Track at Lowe's Motor Speedway) to NASCAR nation, the facility is privy to all the hotels, facilities, restaurants and raceshops that make the Charlotte, Concord, and North Carolina area home to so many race teams. Hotels are easy to find, Concord Mills mall is literally a mile away, and traffic is so well designed you don't realize how many tens of thousans of fans are there for the event.Experience a facility second to none and understand the addiction and passion drag racing fans have for 330 mph speeds and deafening nitro-fed engines.
5	The only place that they run 4 wide.   OMG
5	I travel to other race tracks for my job and this is by far the best Dragway I've been to. Not only does it have good parking, there is allot to do around the track and where else can you see four wide.
4	ZMAX Drag way is easy to get to off I85 exit 49, can't miss it, if you do please get a new pair of glasses. First of all to see the 4 way drag strip is breath taking. We didn't go down there to race or watch a race, instead we used it for a Staging area and Church services.  They have plenty of parking available; we staged over 900 mustangs to set a world record. Like to thank the staff for allowing us to use the ZMAX as a staging area!They even open up at 5:30am for Easter Sunday Sunrise Church Service for the event. Nothing like having service with the sun coming up over the drag strip! Thank you. The Facility was will maintained, and the indoor bathrooms were clean!
