5	Wow, Twigs and Twine is by far our new favorite place to look for restored furniture. The quality of their stuff is fantastic, and their painting schemes were perfect. If you don't like it, you can always have them repaint it, and they will custom paint stuff you already have.Everything in here was extremely affordable for the quality you're receiving. New stuff from retail stores is usually boring and you have to pay extra for them to make it look used! Worst part, you support corrupt overseas governments and the top % earners in America. Hippy rant over, I love supporting local businesses like this.Their delivery and custom painting prices are also a lot lower than we were expecting. So glad we found this place, we will be back soon and often.Also, they don't have a website as far as I could find, but I suggest following their facebook page. We saw a few things posted just days before we visited, and they already had sold tags on them! Talked to the guy in the store and he says a lot of stuff goes fast. With their prices and quality, it's not hard to understand why.
5	Wait a sec - you can actually find beautifully restored furniture for a reasonable price in central Phoenix?  Ridiculous.  The owners run a great shop, and are super personable and helpful.  They don't give their products a wicked markup, and so product goes fast.  Gotta get in there quick if you see something you like on Facebook or craigslist.
2	This store has some nice pieces, which they advertise frequently on Craigslist. The owners, however, are absolutely unwilling to negotiate the prices. It's not like they have a store full of new merchandise, they are thrift store finds that have been refurbished. They do a nice job, but the owners need to recognize that when you are dealing in used furniture, negotiating is part of the game.  I ended up finding a refurbished piece at Thriftiques in Tempe, where the owner not only negotiated the price, but had her husband deliver it for free. I'd much rather do business with someone like that than with people who advertise their used furniture on Craigslist and then refuse to even discuss the price. I won't be returning here.
