5	I 'm not going to lie, I love laser tag!  I've been playing it mostly with my dad since I was little, and it is still so much fun.  Laser Quest is by far the best venue I have ever found for laser tag.  They have two story, multiple-tower mazes that you can lose yourself in, or at least find new spots every time you play.  It seems like every couple games a player gets malfunctioning equipment, but that's inevitable.  It has the obligatory quarter games and air hockey tables too.  It's all about the game though, and I think Laser Quest has by far the best set up!
5	I go here once a year for a super mega dorkathon.  Going by the name IG-88, I have cleaned up on Stef (AKA Wedge) numerous times.  Here's the key to winning, shoot little kids.  I know it's harsh, but they're such easy targets!  The only danger is that they sometimes gang up, there's nothing worse than Children of the Damned hellions with laser guns!
5	I used to work at the Laser Quest in Mesa, love the company and especially the staff. The managers are all friendly and the customers truly do come first. I would recommend them to anyone looking for a social gathering whether with the little ones or not. Its a blast.
4	The layout is great for the game.  I have been here a couple of times and have a blast.  The games are plenty long and give you plenty of time to have fun.  Despite the commando units that live there and play the game in groups 24/7, you can still have fun playing your own game.  The staff is great and they seem to have fun working there.  The only down side is that i fear for my life walking in and out of the place, never knowing what type of people are lurking around.  The place seems to attract some very interesting characters, which i am sure are harmless but scary nonetheless.
4	Now, I'm not the type of person who reads science fiction novels or plays Dungeons and Dragons or who can build a computer from scratch blindfolded with one hand. And I'm definitely not the type of person who plays laser tag with a group of strangers on a Saturday night.....or am I?!?. The boyfriend and I decided to do something out of the ordinary for us and play a game of laser tag at Laser Quest this past weekend. We opted for the half hour Ironman session for $12 bucks each so that we would get our fix and not leave wanting to play more. At first we weren't sure if anyone was going to join us in the game, since we were the only ones sitting there at a quarter to nine, but finally a few nerds showed up at the last minute and they were ready to tag...laser tag that is. It was clear from the very beginning that these were not the type of people who played for fun. No, these were the type of people that have VIP memberships and practice their moves at home beforehand and will gang up on any innocent looking novice so that they can get the most points possible because God forbid they don't impress their other nerdy laser tag friends. These nerds meant business. I think it's pretty apparent by now that we got our asses kicked....bad. We even got nailed by a six year old punk named Mr.Lego. But, I will say that even though we came out with negative points, it was still a fun experience that we got a lot of good laughs out of on the ride back home. And not to mention a good workout! Just be warned that there are competitive laser tager's out there and they have no mercy...so you might want to think twice before going if you're just going for a low key afternoon. Will we go play laser tag again? Probably not. But for what is...a laser tag amusement park...it does deliver a nice facility with friendly staff and plenty of room to run around...the perfect place for kids and nerds alike. To bad we don't fit into either of those categories.
4	There's no way you can last for more than one round, unless you're a laser geek and this is your cardio.Prepare for shoulder inflammation.  Prepare to bring an extra shirt or some deodorant.  If you have an ounce of competitiveness in you, you will come out sweaty and sore.  There are two levels and tons of hiding places and a few places to camp (but you'll never win that way).I was here with 10 of my cousins and we had a blast.  We opted for the Ironman competition ($12/per); which is 30 minutes of laser geeking.  I finished in 5th, but to my credit, the top four were a band of laser mercenaries complete with black garb sans war paint.Of my cousins I took top honors and top codename (Sizzle).  We had a blast and will definitely try to do it again whenever we decide to reunite.  It was more fun than paintballing...because of unlimited ammo.Blast off...
4	This really is my favorite way to get my cardio on. I really enjoy coming here, despite the high prices. The people working here seem to enjoy it, which adds to the element of excitement. I've been here twice. I ranked first place the first time, and sixth the second. It is easy to operate the equipment and as long as you stay motivated and on top of your game, it's not difficult to do well. I think this would be an excellent place to hold a private party for any age group. You should laser tag out at least once (more specifically, Laser Quest). If you don't like it, fine. But if you're the competitor type, this is your place for sure!
5	Talking about working out. You will break a sweat at this place. We were gonna do 3 rounds thank goodness we decided to see what 1 round will take us. It's so much fun for both adults and kiddos. I don't care for mirrors in the field cuz I keep shooting  myself in the mirrors everytime thought it was someone else lol
