5	The only place I'll take my babies. Darcy and her girls are damn good and for only $40 (used to be $35 for years but raised rates as of July 2011) you'll have the cutest pooch on the block.I had taken my bichons to many different groomers and could not find anyone that could consistenty give a good bichon cut (you know the one with the big afro?) and a coworker suggested I give Darcy a shot. He'd raved about her for years but she is about a 20 minute drive from my house so I was a bit reluctant to drive that far. It took about 3-4 grooms for her to win my loyalty and now, after about 4 years, I wiil never take my pups elsewhere.
4	I've been taking Nikko here for around 8 years.  Darcy has always been personal & loving towards him and knows him sooo well.  When he comes out of there, he is typically wearing a little "neckerchief" and always seasonal or holiday thematic; Nikko just struts out of the place like he is God's gift to puppy-dom.  The only issue I have had and this was only towards the beginning, was having his cut be according to season, not fashion.  Once it was established that he gets a short cut when it is ahot and a longer cut when it is cold, I have had no problems.  As far back as I can remember, it is always a good cut.Unless they are real busy, they take drop-ins, but I would always call ahead since time & space can get tight/limited.  Additionally, she only takes cash or check, no plastic.  Standard fee is $40 & has been for a while now.The entry area is kinda small and I normally don't need to leash my pup to bring him in, but since the storefront entry is so small, you may want to wait until a patron with a larger dog has finished dropping off before you proceed in.I'll continue taking Nikko here because, he is loved here.
1	I brought my little guy to this groomer, based upon a neighbors recommendation.I won't go back! He was very frightened when I picked him up and his gorgeous  beard  was cut off, yorkies  beware!  I noticed when I picked him up, there was a whole dogs clipping of hair, like a trophy ( entire body of dogs hair) hung on the wall to the left.. Very  unsanitary. Price was great, however you get what you pay for. I won't be paying here any more.
5	I have not had a groomer that I was happy with for a while after my groomer's closed and moved too far away since I have been having car issues.  Darcy's was almost across the street so I went in on Monday to check it out.  I took my Maltipoo back on Thursday as a walk in.  The girl was so polite and answered all my concerns.  As we talked, she came around the counter and took my baby out of my arms with no problems at all.  Usually my girl fusses and gets so much anxiety that I am afraid to leave her.  But, not one peep out of her as she was walked into the back.  I picked her up about 1.5 hours later and she was well groomed and cut exactly as I had requested.  She was not nervous or acting like she was desperate to get out of there.  Overall, it was the first time I felt she was in very good, capable, and caring hands.  We will be regulars.
1	Was told I could swing by and bring both my dogs and the lady at the front was rude to me and was condescending.  Glad to know this...if thats how they are with chech in, I don't want my dogs going there.  Very rude and disappointed.
3	Time for a four legged haircut!Periodically I bring my Italian Greyhound here to get his hair cut, nails filed and gland fixed up. This is not a bad little groomer, it's tucked away next to Red Rock Running Co, along West Cheyenne.  Darcy's is pretty effective when dealing with trouble little makers like my hulk of 9 lbs. I usually just drop him off in the morning and pick him up in the afternoon. Each dog has there own little kennel so no real fighting happens. They do except appointments but I have found the drop off method always best.Everything is cash here. Also make sure to ask what the price is, the groomers never really tell you till it's time to pay. Also handy hint, if you forgot cash, just head over to the magoos, they have a ATM.OverallCleanliness: 3-5Service: 3-5Price: 2-5Come back: yeah why not
5	I brought Paris for the third time and she looks fantastic! Everyone is super nice. I love the service and care they give my dog Paris Thank You Samantha!
