1	What a joke! This guy is incapable of doing my laundry let alone fixing my water softener. He showed up in filthy clothes, wreaked of alcohol, no company shirt and was so unprofessional. I told him that the water softener was going on at odd times of the day and he said it was my timing valve. So I paid the ridiculous service fee of $119 and the cost of the part. Needless to say, I had a major leak very next morning and it still wasn't fixed! It was set to go off at 8am and went off at 530am. It woke my family up with a load bang and we came out to see a flooded garage. Not the way to start your day. I will never use them again!! Buyers beware.
1	We have been using this company for years and have their systems installed and serviced in three properties. Over the past year, I am sad to say that the level of service and professionalism has completely deteriorated. One of my RO filters was installed incorrectly, which caused carbon chunks to infect my drinking water. The filthy mess of a repair person showed up and proceeded to not only try to charge us for a service call that was due to their error in the first place, he was unprofessional to the point of being abusive. Furthermore, he caused additional problems to the system. When I complained to the owner of this sad organization, we were abused even further and told to take our business elsewhere. He went on to say that he had never had a complaint about this representative. FALSE! I've talked to 3 of my neighbors who informed me that they, too, have stopped using this company because of the same service provider. Do yourself a BIG favor and stay far away from this company!
1	I had a horrible service and a bad experience very similar to the other reviewers. Very unprofessional and not sure if they have any clues as to what they are doing. Do yourself a big big favor and do NOT use them. It'll save you some headache.
1	Stay away from Rogers Water Conditioning. Called to have a leak on the water softener repaired and after the fourth visit the leak was fixed but the timer did not work after. After a no call no show, the tech finally came back again to fix the timer and because he got tank resin into my plumbing, it clogged all the faucets, shower heads and the washer. He did fix that and said the timer had a loose wire but the timer was still not working when I got home from work, had the same time from when he left. Called again and another no call no show. Called again and the owner called me back and tried to force a $200 timer on me without looking at the problem and started yelling at me when I asked that we verify the issue. He then refused to send anyone back out and accused me of trying to get free service. Really how about doing the job right the first time, I had already paid for labor, an o-ring I did not need and a tank the tech said was new and the owner said was used??? Beware Rogers Water Conditioning.
