5	The owners here are awesome, and they run a model Chick-Fil-A.  Dependable, friendly ... and, as always, that fantastic (as far as fast food goes) product.
4	Busy at lunch time, but I do like a good Chicken sandwich and this is an awesome one. Plus, WAFFLE FRIES.When it's busy, they have extra helpers out and about to make the experience busier. Such as the guy walking the drive through lane to get orders paid faster. Or the lady refilling drinks and helping get people seated.
5	Seriously:  other quick service restaurants should be taking notes.  For that matter, all restaurant-types should have their management teams taking notes.  Service is unbelieveably good - friendly, efficient, professional, genuine, etc.  Never understaffed.  Never had my order come out wrong (N= ~300 visits).I'd also like to compliment them on their focus on community integration.  From the grounds of the building itself to the multiple school functions and daddy/daughter nights, Chick Fil A rocks.  They're not just a restaurant, but rather a part of the lives of the members of the local community.  Cheesy, I know, but I believe it.Handwritten notes on soft drink cups, table service, passing books to kids as the enter, "my pleasure, sir," fresh-cut flowers, the water feature outside, the clean play area for the kiddos with the wet naps next to the door, etc.  They handle all of the service details really really well.3 paragraphs later I'm getting to the food......  consistently good.  Breakfast, Lunch, or Dinner (or sometime in between) - doesn't really matter.  They provide great food at reasonable prices.If I had a complaint, and I really don't, I would point out this particular location can get very crowded on "school-partnership" nights.  If I had a magic wand, I'd make the restaurant 50% larger.Good work.
4	This chick fil a is extremely busy during lunch time! I came here with my mentor for a quick meal during a job. Lines were very long, but our orders were taken promptly and fast. Chick fil a is well, the same with all the other chain restaurants? Inside was orderly and clean. I didn't expect less especially since it in south Charlotte. Good place for a quick (if you don't go during extremely busy times) meal.All in all, I got my quick wrap and was back on the road and to work. Service was prompt, and if they weren't you could possibly get a free dessert (we got offered it, but since we were trying to lose some weight we declined)
5	Embarrassingly nice staff. I came with my toddler, and they brought out my food for me, along with crayons for my daughter. When they realized she didn't eat her fruit cup, they offered another side free of charge.Play area very nice too. Politics aside, darn good food.
4	dont know what the deal is with CFA, but they are always nice, smiling, and seem to value your business. A+
4	A recently remodeled Chick-fil-A, this is your standard line around the building, smiling teenagers in the drive-thru kinda place.  The recent remodel forces you to drive all the way around the building to queue-up, but since this place is always packed, I guess that is required.  And, while you wait, you get to enjoy the lovely waterfall around the back of the building.The wait took a bit, but it was a long line, so it moved as quickly as possible.  I got my sack of #1 and delicious lemonade and was on my way.  As always, the Chick is a winner.
4	Oh my word yes, Chick-fil-A still got it. I grew up 2 mles down the street and have been going here for at least the last decade. Chicken biscuits for breakfast, chicken ranch wraps for lunch, its all good here. From the looks of it, the seem to have installed a new waterfall in the drive through area, which is totally unnecessary. The chicken sandwich and nuggets are on point. Every piece of chicken I get from this location is always fresh and juicy. The high school outfit they have working the place is bright eyed and friendly and no one has 1) messed up my order or 2) broken out into a musical interlude, which were my two greatest concerns. Overall, an above average location for a spectacular chicken sandwich.
5	For fast food this is the place - wait staff are attentive - food is great - place is very very clean .. Two thumbs way up
5	I love chick-fil-a and I really wish they were in New York. The prices are completely reasonable and the quality of food is so good! It would put McDonalds to shame. Their chicken nuggets and strips are so fresh it honestly gets me every time. Additionally, the chick-fil-a sauce is a must try! They have also come out with a honey mustard BBQ sauce which I have to admit is better than the chick-fil-a sauce! I didnt think it was possible but it is. I used to mix the chick-fil-a sauce and BBQ and now with this new sauce they kind of did it for you. Anybody who has been here and tried the chick-fil-a sauce knows why its such a big deal, especially to claim there is something better! The staff here was really nice. I found it funny because one of the girls asked us right away where we were from. We answered NY and an employee asked "Why are you here" which my friends and I thought was hilarious. And of course like the New Yorkers we are we teased her for a little like "should we go back" "you don't want us" She seemed to be really embarrassed so playing around with her seemed to ease her up.Overall, one of my favorite fast food places.
