1	I'll first start by saying that the massage was more like 4 stars, but there were other issues that have led me to give this place a single star.When I was shown to my room, the room had no door. Instead there was a shear curtain - and the woman kept peeking in while I was undressing to see if I was finished. The massage started so slow that I nearly asked to cut the massage to 1/2 hour. Then she found a bunch of knots and I thought, OK, great, this rocks. They use hot stones towards the end and wipe off the oil with hot towels. But, there is no attention to how the body is draped - the towel was always half way over me. What makes me give this place one star is at the end, the lady left my room when two men came in; one of whom asked to use the bathroom. The bathroom was right across from the curtain which provided no privacy. As I was half way dressed - no pants on - the owner and the woman who gave me a massage barged in - and started changing the table while i was standing there with half naked. I was totally appalled. When I paid $60, they gave me no change for the massage that was $50. I was planning to tip, but absolutely not that much after what had just transpired.  Beware.
5	Went with my wife to get a 1 hour massage for each of us. Staff is friendly. Both of us were happy with the massage: the two masseuses seemed to be skilled.We will certainly go back in the future, as it was a really pleasant experience.
5	This is the best massage in Pittsburgh - and I've been to several, for everything from reducing anxiety after a stressful week at work to relieving pinched nerves and mild back injuries.The owner gives a massage that ends with pushing and bending your body to stretch  the muscles in ways that simple hand techniques cannot.Another reviewer noted the lackadaisical attitude of the workers to customer modesty. I've found that to be true, and frankly it's a cultural difference (the owner is Chinese, but speaks excellent English, BTW). I'm not justifying the behavior, but one should be aware of it before going there.On the other hand, despite the modesty "weirdnesses", this is a 100% legit, no-hanky-panky massage therapy clinic, not a "massage parlor". Cash only, and slightly more expensive than the average masseuses - maybe $70 or $80 an hour?
5	Great massage and excellent value. I have been here 3 times and have had a great experience. I have gotten the full body massage and foot massage. The hot stones are a nice touch. I like the masseuse's and the Asian style massage is one of a kind in the Pittsburgh area.
5	I am a massage connoisseur and came to visit family in Pittsburgh for a holiday.  My body was killing me from the trip and the bed I was sleeping in.  Luckily I found Mary and her wonderful establishment on Yelp which should really have 5 stars as this is the real deal for Asian massage.  Back walking, stretching, deep tissue, hot stones.  Within 90 minutes I felt like a completely new person and completely revived. I wish they had a place like hers in NYC!  Thanks again.
4	As a business traveler I'm always looking for a great massage when I'm on the road.  I found this business on Yelp and decided to check it out.  The space is very modern and clean, the only downfall was the train tracks and road traffic I could hear from the rear windows.  My massage was a great combination of deep tissue & thai, 60 minutes was $60+ I left a $10 tip.  Also note you have to pay for street parking .25/15 minutes, so it's about $1.50.  This place is not the typical $35/hr chinese foot massage place where you soak your feet in a bucket, stay clothed, and receive your massage in a group room.
