4	The Bar at 2132 has karaoke on Monday nights from 10 AM - 2 PM. Now, I am not one of those eager gals who can't wait to belt out an angsty version of "Before He Cheats" and warble her way through the Jewel songbook, but after a few drinks? Liquid courage kicks in and all bets are off, baby. This predicament is exacerbated by the fact that mixed drinks are at The Bar are $2.50, and despite the price, the drinks are well-sized. This is the only explanation I have for how I ended up slurring through a performance of "These Boots Were Made For Walkin'". Thanks, The Bar. As long as the drinks are cheap, I'll be embarrassing myself for many Mondays to come.
4	I always pass this bar and thought it was a typical Southside dive bar but I was pleasantly surprised when a man-friend choose this spot to grab a couple brews. Pro: Comfy booths, surprising beautiful interior, drunk Christmas music on the jukebox Con: actually can't think of anythingOverall: I had a great time sitting in a booth people watching, chatting and drinking beer!
4	The Bar may be one of the Southside's best kept secrets.  Located at 2132 East Carson Street, it is the perfect place to start, or spend, your night out.  The service is beyond excellent and the food and drinks are affordable and better than many other bars in the area.  It isn't in the heart of the Southside, making it enjoyable to anyone not looking to spend their night with college-aged bar hoppers, but it's still within walking distance to anywhere you would want to go.  The TVs always have a variety of options for the sports-lover in your group, and the jukebox doesn't lack choices, either.  It's the perfect place for a casual date night, or a fun night out with friends.
4	It hard to determine what makes a good bar in the Southside, especially because they all get you the beer you want.  What really separates The Bar 2132 is the people and the food. You can walk up and down Carson 100 times and not notice this place, but inside is a well kept bar that has everything to make your night out.Great food, great place to watch a game, and most of all GREAT Service.  They absolutely make feel like you are welcome to be there.  You have to try their fried mac n cheese and chili.
4	The Bar totally exceeded my expectations!  The boyfriend and I were driving through the South Side and starving, at first we were going to The Real McCoy sandwich shop, but it's really not a sit down place...seeing that they have no tables. So we walked a little further to The Bar, it was a rainy Friday evening and there weren't that many patrons. I was stunned the interior appeared so swank (remember, we're on Carson Street).I thought the service was incredibly slow, 10 minutes and no one came to get our drinks but JB had noticed on the way in there was a Help Wanted sign and the bartender was doing double duty, manning the dining area as well.The menu is mostly burgers and such. For starters we had the fried crab ravioli with cajun aioli...it was delicious, but if I could change one thing, I would use an old bay aioli and more of it! Either way those were some very tasty pasta pockets filled with real lumps of crab, not that pink and white imitation garbage. For entrees, I had a veggie sandwich with fries, the fries were really, really good and the sammie was good but not special...I can get a roasted veggie sandwich anywhere these days, I must say though, The Bar's is pretty stellar. JB had a burger which he was quite pleased with. I would have been in heaven if I actually ate beef, their burger selection is eclectic and includes a greek burger...put the word "greek" in front of anything and I'm inTo sum it up - service may have been slow but one man can only do so much...he was friendly and efficient,considering he was basically holding shit down on his own, our server did a great job. The food was fantastic, inexpensive and plentiful. We would definitely return.
1	This place sucks. A complete rip-off on most drinks. Furthermore, the bartender charged my card despite the fact that I had not paid for any drinks yet on my tab. What kind of crap is that? They've changed their name to Coppertops as well.I must say that this was probably the only blemish on an otherwise excellent weekend in Pittsburgh. I would pick other bars on Carson over this one. The only positive, if I could give one, would be the pool table.
1	Oh Coppertops!  I'm sure you have a fascinating story behind your seemingly random name change, and why there are never any people in your bar on the weekends.  As I stood at the bar wondering if the bartender and I were mortal enemies, and I just didn't remember the slight that sent our relationship swirling out of control, I couldn't help but notice how awful this place was.  Not in the layout or the decor, but in an innate, deep seated wrongness that would probably have inspired Camus.  The bartender was unbelievably unpleasant, adding to the sense that this was some type of purgatorial bar that souls drink at until they blissfully discover their true destination.This is one of those places on the South Side which is rarely crowded, and it seemed as we were there, most of the people that came in were on bar crawls, grabbed a shot and left.  This place has tons of space, is wonderfully decorated, and has the potential for being pretty awesome.  The fact that there is really no reason I would come here except for the decor is kind of sad.  Drinks are pretty pricey, and there's certainly no flair in their delivery.Not worth the effort unless you want to escape the crowds on a weekend.
