5	Tachido is a  Mexican snack bar that serves up  the yummiest sandwich on the block! Dishes are fresh, portions are hearty, and the space is bright and welcoming.  Even the staff is endearingly friendly and proud to share their establishment with clients. They offer "torta" (hot sandwich) with generous fillings of avocado, fried onion, tomato, and cheese with your choice of options like pulled pork or chipotle chicken, served in buckwheat bread or in their homemade, gluten-free, panini-like bread. The corn-tortillas for the quesidillas are made in-house, as are the delectable "almond cookies" which I suggest you chomp after your meal! For a fresh meal under $10, Tachido is my new lunch spot on Parc Ave.I've only been for lunch so I wouldn't know about drinks at Tachido other than what's on their menu: specialty drinks including "agua fresca des dia" in different flavors every day - when I dropped by it was 'watermelon'. YUM. They also offer Mexican beer and sangria, and hibiscus Margaritas.
4	The sign boasts "Best Mexican Sandwich in Montreal". Not knowing what a Mexican sandwich was in the first place, I was sceptical, but intrigued.The inside is cozy, and the decor is hip. In particular I like the flashy Vegas style Virgin Mary ornament near the cash. I got the pulled pork sandwich to go, and it really hit the spot. The bread was tasty and I liked the jalapeno sauce that came with it too. I overheard that they are soon to get their liquor license and will be serving tacos and drinks at night... competition with Nouveau Palais?? Tasty sandwich, I'll be back.
4	I am so stoked to have discovered this little gem of a restaurant in Mile-End.  The staff are so warm and friendly and most importantly for me they have two gluten-free bread options (regular and cheese) that the father bakes himself.  It's probably the best gluten-free bread I've tried to date.  So far I've had three hot sandwiches there: Pulled Pork (amazing); Ham and Pineapple (filling and a great combo of salty/sweet); Chipotle Chicken (My favorite - with feta cheese.  Flavourful but not too spicy).  The sandwiches are really filling, sometimes I'll even share mine and still feel full.  Prices are $6-$8 for the tortas, so totally worth it!  Also, if you're looking for good gluten free bread you can ask to order some of their gf panini-style buns ahead.  Would probably freeze well.  Grab a friend and give this lovely place a shot!
4	I work from home a lot, so finding great lunch spots in Mile End is a favourite pastime, and Tachido is definitely on my 'repeat-visits' list. The veggie tortas are delicious, especially when paired with the daily agua fresca. And it's just as easy to eat in as it is to do take away for an outdoor lunch in summer at some of the nearby parks. A definite win for the neighbourhood, and for my lunch hour.The daily agua is a treat in and of itself - a personal favourite is the cantaloupe. Visit often so you can try lots of these daily concoctions.
5	Just got back from a quick dinner here. I'm from down South and way West, and I hadn't had a good torta in years. I needed this place.The sandwiches were delicious, the bread is just perfect. With an aqua fresca and soup trio it was an excellent meal and great value. One of the better budget eats around mile end.
5	I am Mexican and I will say these are the best "tort as" in Montreal... and believe me, I tried a lot. The place is very charming, decoration is hip, music is great and not very loud, service is friendly. The highlights:- Homemade bread- Generous portions- Nice "aguas frescas"- Delicious MargaritasI definitely recommend this place.
4	This place is fun, funky, inexpensive and the food is fresh and outstanding! Stick with the quesadillas, though, which are crafted with hand-made corn tortillas. Tacos on Friday and Saturday nights after 8PM. The sandwiches also feature a delicious home-baked bread, which is awesome, but just a little too heavy for me. If you've got Manimal hunger, you'll probably dig it.This may turn into a five with repeated visits (I have yet to try the taco). Kitsch indoor seating with a small terrace out front. Go. You'll love it. Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: Risky at best. 3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I eat here regularly if financially and calorically feasible.5 Star: I'm comfortable taking other chefs here.
4	Great spot for small taquiero style tacos, small soft tortillas. Not much to them but you do get 3 on a plate, I tried the potato, pulled pork, and veggie trio and was still a bit hungry after, it would serve them better to be a food truck, I think.
3	Coming from LA I love trying mexican food here in montreal. Tachido had great recommendations so I had to try!  Its not authentic Mexican but more like "fushion" (i hate that word but had to use it). The sandwiches are the only thing i tried. Service and decore are enjoyable. My torta was good but the toppings where very slim!
4	Hole in the wall place located on Park Ave that serves the city's best tacosGreat Pulled pork tacos...very tasty and authentic..the real deal
4	so good!!!! Best Mexican food in Montreal!
3	Pour une petite bouffe mexicaine rapide et pas trop cher! Quelques produits sans gluten et plusieurs cocktails assez particuliers qui ne manquent pas d'acool!
4	The food was so nice we ate here twice (in one day...)!Based on the reviews here, particularly re: the gluten-free bread and cheapness, we hit this place up during a recent trip to Montreal. We got there when they opened, at noon. Since they'd had a busy night the night before, they were still making the GF bread, and it wouldn't be ready in time! *sob*No matter, the tacos are also g-free. I had the Mole, and the Pulled Pork, based on our server's recommendation. YUMMMMM! Both were slightly spicy and very tasty. I added a trio (combo) to the order, which included a salad with canteloupe in it, and the juice of the day, which was horchata (you can't juice RICE, but anyway). Our server commented that we got express service, being the only ones there... we later found out what he meant!Anyway, the food was so good that we did return later that day (mostly so I could try the bread), and it did NOT disappoint. I think it's a chickpea/corn combo that the chef/dad came up with. The sandwiches are really filling, and come with avocado, tomatoes, mayo, cheese, etc. For round two, I had the Tinga de Pollo, which was my favourite out of everything I ate. Service felt a little hectic (we ended up with a different server in the evening), she forgot our table's drinks and hot sauce when our meals came, but it wasn't TERRIBLE, just busy. Great food, fun atmosphere, good price.I wish/hope that there's a place like this one in Toronto... but I haven't come across it yet!
1	we were sorely disappointed by the reality of this resto. after reading so many great reviews here on yelp, we just HAD to try it. the massive pulled pork sandwich had two slices of avocado and two slices of tomato, and the pulled pork itself was the consistency of flaked tunafish. the sandwich was 3/4 BREAD, which was soaking with a flavorless sauce- in fact, nothing had a discernible taste at all! even the pork didn't have any pork taste! i don't know what everyone else got to eat to give this place such great reviews, but neither one of us were impressed and won't be returning for another try. recommendation: avoid this place and head to taqueria mex where you're ASSURED a flavorful and authentic mexican meal.
4	I've been to Ta Chido 3 times since starting to work nearby and I have left happy every time.The first time I was there I had the chicken quesedillas and they were very nice. On the second and third visit I had the the pulled pork Torta sandwiches as well as the pull pork tacos and they were fantastic. The cherizo tacos are also quite nice but not as memorable as the pulled pork. Fans of mole should expect the more traditional cacao mixture rather than the "chocolaty" version some placed make.Overall this will be a go to spot for as long as I work nearby.
2	i went to this restaurant last night, and was pretty disappointed. I gotta say i was also pretty confused when i checked it out on yelp this morning to see really good reviews.  I recently returned from the southwest US, and am now obsessed with Mexican food. in that region, tacos cost about half as much as they do at this place, and have about 3 time as much toppings on each taco. Anyway, i ordered three (different) tacos, and i wish i took a picture for yelp, because they were the saddest, perhaps most pathetic small lump of brown mush enclosed by a soft taco shell, and they all looked pretty much the same, with no additional things to add on top (like pickled onions/jalapenos/lettuce/etc). they tasted okay, but each one was easily consumed in 3 bites. it's kinda sad that the bar for a good mexican place in montreal is set so low. although i gotta say my partner got a sandwich, and that was better, but nothing special. the service wasn't very good, but i felt bad for the waitress because she seemed pretty worn out. needless to say, i'm not going back !
5	Yes. This feels right, in the same way that your first bite of grilled cheese was comforting; or when you connected with that pitch and knew it would be a homerun; or when Suzie on the bus wore those really short shorts in middle school - Ta Chido somehow manages to condense all those things into their pulled pork taco, ideally washed down with one of their mercifully not too sweet margaritas, in a science-fiction hipster meets fantasy world of action figures and R2D2 wearing a sombrero. One can't exactly say what the proportions of each ingredient are for something that works greater as a whole than the sum of its parts, and how much of a dash of Han Solo mixed with just the right number of luchadores next to an awesome En Masse mural contributed to that, but when it feels right, it just feels right, and Ta Chido doesn't try to be anything but what it is; a great inexpensive Mexican comfort food joint in the quirkiest possible way.
5	Because of the cheap price factor I am giving this 5 stars. Great place for a cheap date if you're poor and want to cover the bill. The food is VERY good.
5	Totally love this friendly, family-run casual little resto on Parc Ave. The tortas are mega and the bread is fresh and the salsa and guac are just right. The decorations inside are bright and surreal, perfect for a quick inexpensive bright no stress lunch. They do a Sunday brunch, and you can get a perfect margarita here pretty much any time; the cucumber lime margarita was exceptional and just what the doctor ordered to imagine we were far from the snow on a dreary Saturday in January. And of course, as many others have mentioned, delicious homemade gluten free bread. And fish sandwiches coming soon, apparently, watchout!
4	Ta Chido has delicious potato and black bean tacos (not a ton of vegetarian options, but they're good)! The queso topping is great. The ambiance is even better, though - the style of the place is unique and fun, and the guys who run the place are the nicest. Highly recommended!
4	Had been wanting to try out this place for months, but since I never really go to that area, and couldn't figure out exactly what to expect in terms of size etc, I never felt like journeying specifically. Though, Thursday night I found myself nearby, so I went with a friend.The place is very small, probably about 4 tables, and a 4 seater bar area. But it is very cosy and very cute. We were sat at the bar. Menu was simple and yummy, and reasonably priced. We both had a selection of tacos, and margaritas. And everything was really yummy, and we enjoyed it, although the seating was a bit squished. The service was also great.It's a very similar vibe to Mais down on St Laurent, however, this is the lunch counterpart, where Mais is more like late night. Overall good experience, and I will certainly return if in the area and digging some tacos/margaritas.[This review was changed from a 3 to a 4 star review, because I had previously expressed annoyance that they used powder mix with the margharita, and someone contacted me to ensure me that it wasn't true, and that the powder I thought I saw was just sugar, and invited me in to see for myself.]
4	Amazing home made food and great cocktails. Loved the Mole Verde and the black bean tacos. Fridays are 3 for $7 taco night!
1	Food took forever.People working there just seemed annoyed that people were there. Waitress making annoyed sounds and gestures to people behind their back. No good.
2	I am giving this place two stars because the tacos are good. The service, on the other hand is terrible. Please hire more people. It took an hour for an order of two tacos to arrive at my table. Yes, it was a busy night but COME ON it's tacos! Most of the things that go in it are already prepared. You will not get my money again Ta Chido...and I like tacos ALOT.
4	Checked this place out over the weekend. Not sure it met my expectations, but I enjoyed it. Between my girlfriend and I, we had 6 of their 8 tacos. I was relatively underwhelmed by the options that I chose, which were all meat, however my girlfriend loved the vegetarian options and really appreciated the variety that is offered. If it was just based on my tacos, I'd give it a 3, but being so vegetarian friendly is a big bonus.People working there were very friendly, I'd go back and try some other things without question.
4	Really fun quirky little joint. Inexpensive for what you get - best tacos I've had in MTL. Had the cactus salad, cuitlacoche quesadillas (!!), mole verde taco and a taco with fried grasshoppers in it as well. All were supremely tasty. Really great margaritas as well. Would recommend sitting at the bar as service can be slow in the rest of the restaurant.
3	I have been to Tachido's about 6 times. The mole torta is super delicious, all the sandwiches are pretty delicious, their black bean soup is fantastic and the tacos are a small but reasonably priced snack. I especially like their special where you can tack-on a soup or salad and a juice-of-the-day to your bill for a good price. Although I once got dismissed by the owner for sending back a flat beer, the service has otherwise been great.
5	I went there tonight with my Mexican friend because after some bad TexMex places, he wanted me to know REAL Mexican food, after having said that  this food is like hometown food.We first had their bean soup: this was a good start, a bit sweet, really tasty Then we ordered almost all kinds of tacos. I would not be able to tell their actual names, but we had a good variety of ingredients: guacamole, chicken, pork, beans... All these different flavours at one time can be too much, but this time, it was more about having a rainbow in your mouth: so nice. Do you know this feeling when your brain automatically tries to catch some tastes it knows? Well here, I was doing it, but new flavours were suddenly coming out, mixed with the ones I already knew. That made this experience really enjoyable.Besides their tacos, we had their typical (I guess) sandwich. Dios mio, that was good! Once again, a lot of magical flavours, and the bread (me, French girl) was very nice too.My mexican friend was looking forward to trying their corn cake. Well, that was my first time, andI have to say this is actually good. This did not make my day, but was interesting. Also, I am not really into flans, but the one we have had tonight had a good texture (harder than the ones I am used too) and was pretty tasty.Other good points:- the decoration is so cool (colors, little dolls, Virgin in frames, "sort of" statues on the walls)- really affordable for very good Mexican food = worth itLike my Mexican friend does, I will go back there soon for sure!
4	I love this place.  The menu is fabulous and everything is delicious.  The gluten-free bread here is ah-may-zing.  I'm pretty sure this is one of very few places in the city that actually has consistently delicious gluten free sandwiches (tortas).  This place is pretty great, but I have three gripes:1) Winter in Canada gets me craving something warm to drink.  Sure, you've got tea and coffee, but I don't always want to get caffeinated after noon.  2)Also, it would be cool if you boiled your tea water instead of microwaving it.  It's kind of a no no!3) When I order an appetizer (soup) and a sandwich, it would be nice if you could space their delivery a few minutes apart.
