4	I recently had to try to get a replacement battery for "she who wants to be free's" cell phone. I admit to being a bit pessimistic that they would have a battery for the LG Vu. Arriving near opening, I was glad to see the shop open and actually staffed by someone who had an interest in customer service. I hope I don't butcher the managers name, I believe I remember it as Perri, but given my advanced state of forgetfulness, it could be Penny or Janice. The manager took the time to find a battery (online not in store) and have it shipped directly to the apartment, saving me a possible multi-hour/day trip to superstition springs mall center. She was also very knowledgeable, providing honest opinions on a number of my other questions.In short, a very nice experience during a very stressful week.
1	So here's the deal. I walked in the store, a person greeted me (good) and asked what I needed (also good). Here is where it gets bad. Now I have to admit that I just got done working out at this new and might I add awesome place ..... I will write about that later, so I was a little "un-kept". Hair a bit messy, workout clothes on, slight smell.....but anyway, the sales pitch began. Right off the bat I could tell that she worked off of commission. Do you really need to be THAT desperate? What kind of plan do you have, I can up-grade you, blah, blah, blah, nothing she said was really that bad or unexpected, it was just the condescending way in which she was saying it. Like I said, I didn't look like a super model, BUT I have been into other ATT stores and have been treated very well wearing a similar gym inspired outfits. Basically the lady hated her job and was trying to get me to spend mega $$ on something I didn't want or need and when I told her what I really wanted and needed....i.e. a phone that has just the basics (I'm not that tech savvy and I am constantly breaking them) she just became rude, as if she had something better to do than show me a couple of freaking phones. Now I could have been a little understanding if the store was busy, but it wasn't. Only myself and one other customer were there. That was the point where I just walked out with no phone in my hand:( I will just order it online. It boggles my mind that in this economy sales people can afford to be rude to potential clients. I'm sorry but I went in expecting service, choosing to go to their physical location to purchase a phone. I should have just stayed at home and ordered it online.
4	Thought of having a new smart phone so I went into this place to grab one. At the store, they had a lot of new models display, but cant find anything that would fit my liking when it comes to phone. Asked their sales rep if they have new arrival of phones, he answered me promptly with a smile which is very rare on AT&T. Its no my first time to walk-in on a AT&T store so I know how rude their people are. I had my new phone and got a good time while inside their shop. Well, this place is kinda different from the others so would probably be recommending them to my friends.
