4	This business has been though a couple of owners and names. The current situation is much better than under previous owners. Three of us ate there on a Sat night (2nd time for 2 of us) and the food was well-prepared, fresh, and tasty. I highly recommend the brisket. My companions had chicken and pulled pork that they liked very much. Our side dishes--mac & cheese and caesar salad--were generously sized and very good. The baked beans needed a bit more baking. The large cookie desert (formerly the pizza cookie) was fresh out of the oven and topped with 3 scoops of ice cream.The interior has been completely redone and much is cleaner and pleasant than in previous incarnations. The service was friendly, and they switched on the unfortunate ASU-Stanford game for us.We had soft drinks but they do serve beer & wine.I'd say give the new place a try!
4	Great service and pretty quick. The tri tip sandwich was the highlight! Super soft and flavorful. There are two options for wings: fried chicken wings and smoked wings. The fried wings are split drummettes, while the smokes wings are whole. I loved the trio of bbq sauces but the Carolina vinegar was the best. Definitely will come back. Support local businesses!
4	Last Saturday night the family got an itching for some barbeque.  I happened to be in Scottsdale, so I went on my phone and found the Arizona BBQ shack.  The restaurant itself is no frills.  The aroma of barbeque is alive and well here.  I was somewhat concerned that we were the only ones in the restaurant.  However, this concern was unfounded.My son was hungry, so we got him an order of fries and Caesar salad.  The salad was large, even for me.  It tasted great with slivers of parmigina cheese and dressing.  A first rate salad at a barbeque joint, what is not to like.My wife and I had  1/2 lb. of brisket and chicken.  The brisket was near perfection; the chicken was good, but dry (my only negative remark of the night).  The sauces are on the table and range from basic to Carolina vinegar to hot and spicy.  We also ordered coleslaw and potato salad.  My only misgiving was that rolls were not included.The food arrived quickly and the service was good.  The prices are affordable.I highly recommend this spot for some good barbeque.
4	Great bbq.  Newly remodeled.  Awesome prices.  Love to eat here regularly. I'm not sure why this place isn't packed! Delicious.
4	Been through a couple name changes since we moved to the neighborhood, but food quality has remained above average and a great value in Scottsdale. My favorite brisket in PHX.
4	Very good BBQ brisket.  We asked for it to be lean and they delivered.   Very nice. We highly recommend.
2	Walking into this restaurant it seemed very clean and quiet. I was surprised that there were not more customers (we had the restaurant all to ourselves) given it was a Sunday afternoon. The waitress came over immediately to take our drink order and was very pleasant. I wasn't too hungry so I decided to order the chicken nuggets (waitress said they were homemade) with the mac n cheese and baked beans. My husband made a smarter choice and ordered the pulled pork, also the mac n cheese, and green beans. The food came out pretty fast, maybe a little too fast in my opinion. Honestly, I was not impressed whatsoever. Although my husband really enjoyed his sandwich along with his sides, I did not. The mac n cheese was prepared with processed cheese sauce (maybe Velveeta) and the nuggets reminded me of Mc Donald's. I'm sure lots of people (like my husband-he ate most of mine in addition to his :)) enjoy food prepared like this, but me not so much. It may be even that my expectations were too high. The tastiest side dish I ordered was the baked beans which did seem homemade.Perhaps I made poor food choices this time, but not sure I'll chance it and go back.
5	This was awesome place with amazing smoked BBQ ribs! I highly recommend to visit this place !
2	Tried American BBQ Shack because it had good reviews and 4/5 stars. Boy, was I disappointed. The food was less than mediocre and the service was just the same. I do not recommend this place. There are plenty of other better BBQ places.
5	Fantastic food. Really cool and clean. Staff is very nice and best part is that they have dollar beers from 7-9 everyday. This is my new local hangout.
5	Great BBQ menu, very reasonable prices and quiet atmosphere.  Will definitely come back !!!
5	This place is amazing! They got a new type of beer called "Four Peaks"! The Rack of Ribs is delicious and got that good smoke flavor on it! Try this place out!
5	Went here last Saturday with a group of friends to have dinner on the Russian food night. Everything was really great, the meatballs and the cabbage rolls were my favorites. If your into dessert you really have to try the big cookie with ice cream and strawberries, it comes straight out of the oven and it really delicious! Prices are very reasonable. I plan to return often!
1	I placed an order for delivery which took an hour and 35 mins to receive.  When the food finally arrived it was totally inedible.-The ice cream was a melted soup on top of the cookie-The sandwich and fries were packaged in styrofoam without vents so condescension built up and ran into the food making it wet as well as cold. The bun was so wet it just fell a part.-I ordered a side salad with ranch and got a caesar salad instead When I contacted the restaurant they said I needed to call when a manager was there. The next day they insisted they were on time and refused to refund me. Worst of all the receipt in the bag had been printed on the back of a previously used piece of paper that had someone else's information on it. Name, address, phone number, and Mastercard numberI will not be ordering from them again
1	Had some food delivered. Unbelievable. I threw most of the food out. The bun for the brisket was all wet from condensation inside the box. The meat was dry and tasted old. I tried eating a little with the BBQ sauce and that helped a little. The mac and cheese was OK. The green beans overcooked. Baked beans were OK. Potato salad was put thru a food processor with small pieces of potato--awful. Never again!!I almost forgot---the Chinese salad had wilted lettuce and canned oranges. Do people actually eat this stuff????
3	Unexpectedly, our encounter was taken long to our office hours but we demand to finish our deadlines, we strained to call for orders online here at the AZ BBQ Shack without an idea how long it will need to drive home to our agency.Fortunately, it took up 20 minutes, not bad at all, unlike with the experience of others. With regards to the food, 3 stars for satisfaction. What I like is their Tri Tip Sirloin.
2	Where to start? It's coma Sunday and all we want is some good delivery food. BBQ sounded like a great option. Started off ordering online and several menu items are not even on there to order. We decided to call and order and it was comical I had no idea what was going to be delivered or if it would even come. On the plus side it was pretty fast but probably because they forgot half the stuff. No utensils, no BBQ so the pork and ribs were dry - the Mac and Cheese tasted like noodles with no cheese and cake tasted like it came from a school cafeteria or a retirement home. I just can't. Ending on a good note I give a hells yea to the slaw. After this madness we called back and ask them to bring us sauce because otherwise the meat was not eatable and they said they would bring it right over. Great! Unfortunately they never came. Left still hungry and very upset.Xoxo
3	As others have said, the delivery was terrible. Took 40 minutes after they said it would be 15-20 & the prices were a LOT higher than quoted on the website. Also it's $6 for delivery which they don't mention on the website. Food was actually good though. So, if you can't get to anywhere else, at least go pick the food up so you don't have to wait forever and you'll know what it costs.
4	This place has made huge strides. A year ago it was mediocre at best buy the new owners have cleaned up. I love the ribs, by the pulled pork is also excellent. The brisket is good too but I prefer a nice thick cut, fatty, dry rub brisket (I'm a Texas style man). But they're shredded brisket is great in a sandwich. The atmosphere is totally casual and comfortable. Unpretentious and delicious. Much better than Dickey's and I like supporting such a small business
4	Literally just finished eating the tri tip sandwich. Must say it was quite delicious. I went with the spicy bbq sauce which had a great flavor and wasn't overly spicy. I am definitely going to be back to try some more of the menu.Not a 5 star simply because of the ambiance of the restaurant. Food was really good though so I'd recommend checking it out. Compared to the other bbq I've had in AZ this was great.
3	I am very happy to say that the owner reached out to me personally to apologize about the service and the food and refunded by money.
5	Few of the favorites are the brisket, ribs and chicken wings! Friendly staff and food is always great.
5	This place just changed my life right now. If I knew how good the food was gonna be, I would have given more money.Ordered delivery from yelp. Got the $30 combo dinner that comes with 1/2 rack ribs, 1/2 lb meat, two sides, cornbread and dessert.Delivery was on time and the food was delicious. The ribs fell off the bone and were more mostly meat than fat. Brisket was thinly sliced and had a good smoke flavor. The BBQ sauce was the slightest bit spicy and not too tangy. Mac n cheese tasted homemade and not super processed. Southwest beans n rice were very good as well. Cornbread came with honey! My dessert was a giant hot chocolate chip cookie WITH chocolate chip icecream on the side! Enough food to feed 2-3 people for sure.This place exceeded my expectations and I will definitely order again. Thank you!
4	I just had AZ BBQ for the first time because one of my roommates eats there enough to apparently get his picture put on the wall with the rest of the regulars. Take that for what you will for him personally, but it's just that kind of place which I appreciate. I had a hop knot IPA, a tri tip sandwich per recommendation, and green beans. Tri tip was kind of thinly sliced/shredded and well coated with BBQ sauce, and I will pass on that recommendation to you. Green beans were very good as well. They had these thinly sliced pieces of some kind of bacon or cured meat of some sort (if you know what it is let me know). Ambiance and overall experience wasn't anything special but it's a good meal served by good people so I'll be back in a week.
