2	I started going to this place because 2x each month I need to fax paperwork for my job. Other places, such as Staples, close early on Sundays and have left me in a jam. However, this FedEx is open until 9pm, sometimes later. The fax is self serve, and I have never had a problem.However, last night I went in to fax my paperwork and decided I also needed to buy a few things. I picked up my items and waited at the register. There were no employees in site. I wondered if I was the only person in the store. I left my items on the counter and left.I will go back because the late hours and self serve fax, but will buy my office supplies where the customer service is better.
1	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! I just went there to order new business cards. Five employees (including manager Candy) behind counter. One employee giving another customer what appeared to be excellent personal service. The manager and an employee chatting in the back room didn't acknowledge me (other than making contact on at least three occasions). Other two employees did not acknowledge me and took two calls while I was standing there. After checking my watch three times and not even a hello after 5 minutes, I started for the door. One of the two employees then asked if could help me - too late! Called from the parking lot and had phone picked up in one ring. Sarcastically asked where besides their business I could get my business cards printed and was transferred to Candy the manager. Candy said she was surprised at the lack of help and said they could offer service. I told her she already lost a paying customer's business!
5	My restaurant had a big catering event and after FastSigns left me with a paid for banner that could not be picked up because they aren't open on Saturday, I needed a banner at the last minute.  Jessica was able to get the banner done in less than 3 hours! I will bring all my business printing needs here from now on. Thank you Jessica!
5	I needed to fax some fragile documents 2 days before Christmas. That meant finding a full-serve copy center where I could copy the docs and fax them. This place was within 2 miles of my location - which only took half an hour to get to, because it's across the street from Arrowhead. Did I mention it's 2 days before Christmas??Luckily, Debbie was just coming on shift and offered to help me copy and fax. Yes, I can run a copier and a fax machine just fine - but since this was an impromptu errand I was caught without my reading glasses and it was nice to not have to look like an idiot trying to read the instructions on how the payment card thingy works! Plus, Debbie was very friendly and super helpful! She had also just endured the misery of Bell Road at Christmas time, so we could commiserate with one another! Anyway - 5 stars for Great Customer Service!
4	I was in and out fast thanks to Fran. She made sure the fragile item was packed appropriately. The store was clean and conveniently located off of Bell Rd.
3	Nice people but employees take their sweet time..the girl packing Our boxes kept pausing mid way as she was conversating to her coworker-she couldn't multi task..It took about half hr to finally get out of there!
