5	I can't say enough positive things about this location. The staff is pleasant and helpful, even when I come strolling in at 430am. I love that this gym is fully staffed 24 hours a day, and all of the equipment is immaculately maintained. Most of the machines are also equipped to where you can just plug your headphones straight into the machine to listen to TV - super awesome! The locker room is so clean and spacious. At my last gym, I dreaded having to get ready for work in the locker room after my workout, but here, I have no problems. They have free wi-fi, as well. Check them out!
5	This place is awesome. Open 24 hours, all the machines you could imagine, free weights as well, great staff, low monthly fee, and a safe "judgement free zone" to work out - what more could you ask for? I have dropped over twenty pounds since joining this gym and I plan to drop quite a few more here. I love this place!
5	Lunk free environment, I enjoy.. I love the concept, clean, open and packed with equipment, I dig.  My only complaint is that I've experienced a lull in availability of staff if your interested in speciality services like tanning or massage beds. Not that I mind working out more but dang, this girl be pasty without a good base color going into summer.. ;)
4	Cheap, great equipment, and clean facilities. Only complaint I have is that they don't have as many locations as some of their rivals
5	I have never belonged to a gym (or really ever been in one unless you count the YMCA when I was 16) so I came with a friend to check it out. We came on a Saturday morning and it was pretty empty. There were four staff members behind the counter which seemed a little excessive but they were friendly and seemed to recognize my friend. The facility is super clean and there are tons of machines. For never being in a gym I was immediately put at ease and felt comfortable. It was nice to have a friend show me around and was patient so I could read the instructions on all of the machines before I used them. I didn't see any staff walking around of talking to the patrons but I believe you can ask if you need assistance. I have been thinking of going to the gym EVERYDAY since I have been and am going back to sign up in the next couple of days. I can see myself becoming addicted to going here so watch out current Duke or Duchess...I'm coming for that top spot.
4	Just switched from LA Fitness, and couldn't be happier.  The low review is incorrect, because they do NOT charge a $20 visitor pass when the membership itself is a mere $10.  That story is bunk.PROS: ****$10/mo******Open 24/7, (as opposed to LA, which closes at 8pm on the weekends)*They don't pay their staff commission, so you won't get high pressure sales tactics.  Avoiding the used car song and dance that LAF threw at me made the switch well worth it.*Impressive selection of cardio equipment*Free unlimited use of tanning beds and massage chairs and multi-gym access for an additional $10/mo.  (If that's your scene, an unlimited tanning membership alone is 100+ monthly.  It's not for me, but I still thought the savings mind blowing).  *Very clean (locker rooms and equipment were immaculate.  This is coming from a germaphobe, so take note)*The dumbbells only go up to 80 lbs or so, so you won't encounter hardcore gym bros.  That may be a detriment for some, but it keeps the atmosphere much more casual and low key for the rest of us.  If you're there for the gym aspect, and not a Baywatch audition, this is great news.CONS:No swimming pool.  I also miss the sauna, juice bar, and basketball court that LA Fitness offered, but for $10/mo I don't really expect a ton of amenities. They also have fewer locations than many of the other mainstream gyms like Anytime or LA. Fortunately, there are several are in construction around the valley, so I expect this will improve over time.Overall, it's a great place to work out.  They have a ton of clean, new machines, and no wait times.  The hours are an unbeatable, and the tanning/massage perks are pretty nifty for those that care to use them.  They don't have as many locations or amenities as other gyms, but I feel their hours, cleanliness, and atmosphere more than make up for that shortfall.
5	Day 2 of my membership and I'm loving it! Clean facilities, great customer service, spacious workout area, hydro massage beds, massage chairs and tanning for $20/mo!! Thank you PF! :)
4	I like PF because of the price and the fact that with the black card I can bring a friend every time I go to any location. I like the hydro massage beds and the plethora of cardio machines. They could use more Smith machines and standing cable machines...most guys and myself fight for space/time on these machines daily. The whole "non-judgement zone" is kind of dumb considering its a gym and we all judge...their sign even makes fun of a guy who is a "lunk", isnt this judgemental?
5	I'm a 57 year old woman that has wanted to join a gym for quite sometime now but was afraid of the atmosphere of most gyms.  This place is PERFECT!  My husband and I have been going now for a month and we both have lost 10 lbs, toned up and feel great.  I have felt comfortable there since the day I walked in.  I hear the price is very good for a gym, but honestly, I would pay much more just to be able to walk in and not feel uncomfortable.  I did get the cheaper membership as I was skepticle, but I will be up-grading.  We love it, love it, love it, and thank you Planet Fitness for saving our lives or at least adding a few more years to them.  As for the review that states  "The whole "non-judgement zone" is kind of dumb considering its a gym and we all judge".... No we don't all judge.  That's not why we go to the this gym, so thanks you for makeing a place for people like us.
5	My brother and I were thinking about gym memberships plenty before.  Finally we had the balls to deeply look into a gym and with this one being pretty much down the road from the house.  We gave it a shot and visited the facility.Neither of us has been to any gym before (unless you count ones in an apartment complex), so it's a whole new experience for us.  We visited this location and asked the front desk about signing up for a new membership.  The employees asked us for a tour of the place.. Why not right?  He showed us each section of the gym, including the locker rooms and tanning/massage rooms.  Interesting, I didnt even know gyms offered tanning rooms. There's was plenty of machines to try, and I liked how each had directions (in case you never done any of it before) and plenty of tv's to watch (I didnt have any music today).  Even with all the machines in there, the gym is pretty open and doesn't feel too packed.  I also liked how everyone just minded there own business and everything went smoothly. So in the end, my brother got the Black Membership and I totally take advantage of his free guest for now.  I can totally see myself coming back more often.EDIT: 8-9-2014So I have been going to this exact location since I wrote this review.  Honestly, I enjoy coming here just about every day.  Been going almost every day except Sundays.  The staff always seem to remember my brother and I and memorize his Membership # by heart.  And with people complaining about Pizza night.. Just don't eat if you feel uncomfortable.  Don't let something that happens once a month ruin a totally good gym. I still give this place 5 stars
1	Horrible service.. I got kicked out because I was too fit...they told me I was intimidating but in reality they just judged me. If they are going to stick with not judging people they should treat ALL costumers as equals. I also was confronted for doing too much weight...the only way to get stronger and build muscle is to do more weight. Planet fitness, more like planet prejudice. I strongly recommend that if you want a REAL workout, DO NOT sign with them.
4	This gym will suit the needs of 80% of the people. Lots of cardio equipment.  Limited weight lifting machines.  Serious body builders will be dissatisfied.  Planet fitness strives to maintain a judgement free gym. You shouldn't feel intimidated going here.
5	Just have to say I love this gym. This gym has the nicest people from staff to employees and is so clean glad I switched from LA Fitness to here and love the treat of massage table and chairs at the end:)
4	I love this gym because it's very low key. Nothing too exciting going on, and it's rarely packed with people. The staff is always nice, and everything is very clean. Also, someone posted that a visitors pass doesn't cost $20...it absolutely does. I know because I paid it. If a GUEST comes with someone with a black card membership then it's free. If someone comes by themselves it's $20, but you can apply that towards your membership if you bring your receipt in when you sign up.
4	CleanOrgannizedLots of cardio machinesSmall weight lifting area but I can deal with itFree massage chairsFree tanningNo babysitting areaGreat place!!
5	I go to the Broadway and Lindsay location every other day and the staff is very friendly the place is super clean with plenty of equipment and the price is right. Now here is my complaint, as you walk in the door there is a list of the rules of the gym, one rule being that only baseball caps are allowed as head wear. Last night Dec. 11 there were two people in there with hats which did not conform with the rules but no one said anything to them. One person had a hoodie on and the other one had a wool cap with a gang logo on it, if this is a sign of things to come I will have to rethink my membership at PF. This not being the fault of upper management I still give it a five star rating.
