5	In a city where natural hair salons are popping up all over, it's nice to find someone that's genuinely concerned about the health of your hair. I must admit, I had to do some serious research during my search for a natural salon in the area but my gut feeling led me to Yesenia, simply because I could tell from her website and face book page that she loved what she did and it showed. The products that she uses are truly natural and her technique can't be matched. I opted for a straw set done on the smallest perm rods because I workout daily......well 3 weeks later my set was still looking freshly done......amazing! If you're looking for someone that truly cares about your hair, look no further.Please note the salon has a new address:SenKay Natural Hair Studio(inside Sola Salon Studios)8035 Providence Road suite 400-118Charlotte NC 28277704-608-6775
5	Yesenia has a wonderful personality and demeanor with her clientele and it is so wonderful to finally have a stylist that I can go to and know that I am in good hands!
5	It is so refreshing to sit in the chair a natural hairstylist that is not only passionate about what the does she is good at it also.  I have been natural off and on my entire life but as of 2005 I stayed with it.  Coming from NY I was hard pressed to find anyone that I trusted to do my hair.  After visiting Senkay Hair (Sola Salons) I now have the confidence of knowing someone really cares about my hair.  If you are looking for someone who is honest, has integrity, fun, witty, very fair prices and a professional you need to schedule an appointment @ Senkay Hair.  I will definitely be a regular.
2	It pains me to have to deduct stars from Senkay but my last 2 visits were very disappointing.......not sure if there was a product change, technique change or both but after 2 days my rod set was matted and sticky.....a complete 180 from how my rod sets turned out last year.  Thankfully she did my hair over but a 2 strand twist set this time but they were so small everyone thought I had dreads.....so I couldn't even wear a twist out as I normally have done when I've gotten twist elsewhere.  Again, I'm not sure what the problem is but I was not very happy this time around.
