4	Took my car into the dealership for warranty work and found out I needed new front brakes and rotors.  The cost?  $800.  No thanks!  So I shopped around for a service shop that works on German cars and found Auto Europa.  They offered the best price (half of what my dealership wanted), and the service was great!  The staff was super nice and didn't treat me like a "dumb woman." Instead, they explained everything that was to be done to my car and I felt comfortable with the work they did.  The only downside is they don't offer shuttle service like some of the other places I called, but since they weren't too far from my office I didn't mind.
5	Okay yes this is my second auto shop review and yes I'm a girlie girl, but a good body shop and great mechanic are priceless tokens!! And when I had a BMW the guys at Auto Europa were my best friends :) (to put it in perspective, I was in a first name basis with the owner!!).  If you've owned a beamer you know how insane the maintenance and repairs can be (you've been warned if not!), and having a trustworthy, affordable shop is like finding the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.  So here you are grasshoppers, my secret to Euro-car repair bliss :)
1	I took my BMW here because the dealership I purchased it from (used) took it here to have an oil leak repaired.  First off, the oil leak was "repaired" only to find out later that it really wasn't.  Turns out there was a slit (cut) in the valve cover gasket, which either occurred when this shop put the part in, or they purchased it with the defect, but either way, the problem was missed on their part, which tells me they do not pay attention to detail.  So, when we noticed the leak was still an issue, it was under warranty through this shop for the original work, so I took it back.  I spent a few hours waiting since I live in the far east valley, they did repair it, however later that day my "service engine" light came on, then went off.  A few days later, I parked my car, turned it off, and went to start it again after picking up my mail, and the car would not start.  Thankfully, my husband is a mechanic (the only reason he did not fix the oil leak the 2nd time around was because it was under warranty), we towed my vehicle back to my house, which was only down the road, but it was dead.  Come to find out, the cam positioning sensor had not been plugged back into the vehicle all the way, which is what tripped my "service engine" light a couple of days before, and once it became looser over the course of driving the vehicle, the vehicle finally wouldn't start.  My husband plugged this in completely (like it should have been doen at the shop after fixing the oil leak), and there have been zero issues since.Now, I'm not sure if this shop did this on purpose, or if they just do not pay attention to detail very well.  But, given that something as simple as an oil leak required TWO visits due to a part that they either didn't notice was defective or they messed up themselves, and then they did not finish putting the vehicle back together when they were finished, I am not very happy.  On top of it, I had to have my vehicle towed (thank goodness for towing on my insurance!), and had to deal with a dead vehicle when my school aged son, and I were both sick at the time.I would NEVER recommend this shop to anyone, I will never ever go back, and I also intend on notifying the dealership I purchased my vehicle from of the issues in the hopes that they choose another BMW shop in the future to service any used BMW's that come onto their lot.  What a complete and utter nightmare.
4	The purchase process was fast and easy. In Feb 2013 I bought a 2005 Ford Focus for a smokin deal. Had a small issue with wheel nuts, but other than that it has been a reliable car. I am not the biggest fan of the payment method, wish there was a way to pay online instead of having to call in. That said, the owner has been very professional and gone out of his way to resolve any issues. Jason runs an above board operation and I would recommend my grandmother to these guys. Thank you.
5	I was able to get a car with low down payment and bad credit. No one else would give me a loan. They did
1	If I could give negative stars I would. One of the used car salesman hit me with one of their cars. After being cited by Phoenix PD, he proceeded to lie about who owned the car and what insurance was responsible. Later, after finding out that Auto-Europa actually owned the car and was responsible I tried calling to get insurance information. I spoke with Jason who was rude and dismissive and refused to give me any info so now I have to hire an attorney to file a civil suit. If this salesman Joseph Pratt and the owner/manager Jason are any indication of the type of service and sales it's my duty to warn everyone of their scumbag practices.
1	Recently purchased a car here. Thought it would be decent, due to average reviews and featured on an app I downloaded for recommended dealers. By far not the best experience. They will tell you what you want to hear during the dealing process, and then make all sorts of excuses not to follow through with promises. Have had issues with the car, drivers window quit working, so they told us to let the guy who was replacing the windshield know. We did, the guy fixed it, we were on our way. Came time to make our first payment, which they told us wasn't due for another two weeks, and then a few days later was supposedly due and late, and informed us that we owe them now for the drivers side window. And since we were late, it "threw up red flags" for them. Really?! So not coming through on your cheap little 500 mile warranty didn't throw up "red flags" for us as consumers? Whatever.  These people are very shady. Do not let the initial welcoming manner fool you. They are money sharks and will not help you whatsoever in good faith. Shop around and stay away from them. The only reason we didn't give the car back is the 1000 dollars we had already paid. We are just going to go to our regular mechanic now, and deal with them as less as possible.To add fuel to the fire, the car blew a head gasket a month after we bought it. They want $2600 to fix it, and will not do anything in good faith. Waste of a lot of money $1700 to be exact (down payment, first month worth of payments and all the towing)... Words of advise...STAY AWAY FROM THESE PEOPLE. There are way better dealers in the valley that will help you. We now have to save up for another down payment for a different car. They can eat s**t.
5	Regi B. Regi  you placed a review on yelp stating bad customer service and you never had any business dealings with us. You had a car accident with one of our contractors and YOU did not have insurance, This is your 3rd accident without insurance and you still manage to maintain a legal drivers license( amazing). You then decide to take legal action against the person you hit. You are one of the reasons that the legal system is filled with frivolous lawsuits. Just another example of someone looking for something for nothing.
