3	Very relaxing here.. Dark room waterfall...nap time
3	I have been going to this eye specialist for a few years now. When I was a new patient back with the old staff I loved this office. The Dr the assistants and the staff were all so friendly, welcoming, courteous and flexible. As the years have past the office's staff has changed and I have noticed quite a down fall. When I make appointments I always ask for a later time for I am driving from QC to PHX and they always give me 3:30. Then every time, I get a call back later that day or the next day with them asking me to try to be there closer to 3 if possible. If I could make it at 3 I would make the appointment at 3. So then I feel rushed and I end up making it to the appointment at 3 or 3:15 and I end up waiting until 3:30 or later to be called back. Why rush me if you're going to call me back during my original appointment time. I am a current patient so it's not like I need to be early for paperwork, so for me that is a little frustrating. The staff has also gotten less personable and friendly which is what I miss most about the old staff. Everyone is there to work and they don't care about anything else.Dr. Walman and Alex are my favorite. Dr Walman was the surgeon for my eye surgery accompanied by Alex. I had an Intac implanted in my Cornea a few years back to help with my keratoconus disease. I really appreciated how comfortable they made me during the procedure (nothing scarier then a scalpel heading right for your eye and you can't dodge it) and after, to make sure everything went smoothly. When I go in for my yearly check ups I hope to see one or the other for I feel comfortable with them taking care of my unique case. I recently just visited for a pair of glasses to help me see better as I work. My first visit was with a different person, I received my prescription went and had it filled and it was awful, I couldn't see a thing. I had to go back again, this time Alex helped me and I got a new prescription. It wasn't even close; it was off by a lot. That was frustrating for its not like this doctors office is 15 minutes from home. But now that I have the correct prescription its nice to have that little extra help while I am working and staring at a computer all day.In the end I would recommend this office when it comes to its surgeries, for the surgery is done there in the office, they are very personable and comfortable during and after the surgery and they strive to make sure you are comfortable after the fact. Keep up on your check ups for your eyes are very important and your sight is something you should always take care of. Its not like you can go online and order new eye balls! The only complaint is livening up the other office staff and getting them on the ball with Alex!
5	Excellent doctor and staff. I bought LASIK through an online deal they were having and went in thinking that they were going to bill me for a different type of LASIK or they would have all these extra fees but they did not. I even had to get Epi-Lasik which is a more complex procedure but they didn't bill me any extra for it. The surgery tech said that is not how they do business. I highly recommend Walman Eye Center for anyone looking to get LASIK!
1	Office staff can make or break your practice. I found this office through my benefits (ie doctors in an area). I called and make the appointment, expressed at that point that I was looking for BOTH medical and vision, and that there were a provider (in-network) for both. Got a call back later asking for my benefits. I provided both, and was then told that I would need seperate appointments. I said that was fine, and asked for two back-to-back appointments. Apparently, that is a cardinal sin and I was told not possible. Needless to say, I canceled the appointment and will be finding another doctor to try out. I don't see the issue with back-to-back appointments. Anyone else see why this should have been an issue?
