3	Your regular small casino bar. Interesting people and a smaller selection of drinks. They also have one of those 1/2 yard drinks.Found this place during our St. Patty's bar crawl of the strip. Located right between the Venetian food court and the shops with the gondola rides. Beers were cold but most of their selection is bottled. Price wasn't too bad from what I remember lol.
5	Heaven in a martini glass is a pineapple sorbet-tini at very Venice. Made with pineapple sorbet infused with alcohol (I'm guessing rum on this one), you get a big ball of pineapple sorbet (so delicious) in some rum. They also have other flavors like watermelon and lemon, but the bartender recommended the pineapple. So glad I did, it hit the spot!And by the way, this was my first drink of the night which means it really did taste good, it wasn't just something I chugged in a drunken casino stupor, although I did yell "OMG WHAT'S A SORBETINI?!" :)
4	I had only one martini... damn... it was SO GOOD...
2	Last time I was here everyone was so attentive but now this bartender is rude! Thanks for my beer, it tastes like it should.
5	Our bartender Liz was fantastic! She mixed me up a great Cadillac margarita and Lita a Assassino drink. Very personable and professional. We recommend this bar!!
4	This is a small little bar in the Venetian and they had a great little happy hour. They had $2 drafts, which sounds great, but their only draft was PBR. They also offered $2 shots (not specialty shots but basic shots of liquor), and buy one get one free well drinks ($8, so kind of like $4 each). They had 2 TV's but one of them kept freezing up.
1	Ordered a dry dirty gin martini. Very good. My wife ordered a lemon drop which tasted like a lemon rind. She being a bartender herself, was disappointed. Our bartender absolutely ignored us for her sugar daddy sitting at the bar. It's ok. We had our cocktail and now off to see Rock of Ages.
3	A fairly nondescript little bar directly across from a Lobster Me.  Bartender is very customer oriented and pours the 2nd drink heavier than the first one which is good.  Great happy hour specials which are very wallet/handbag friendly.  If you find yourself strolling the Grand Canal and need a quick drink, this is a nice place to stop by...
