5	If you are in Montreal search this place out. There isn't another fast burger joint on the planet that freshly grinds their beef on a daily basis. I was blown away by the concept. You can actually see the staff putting the whole beef into the grinder. Great buns which are always an important ingredient and a wide variety of toppings makes this place a winner. Five guys doesn't even come close!
4	The burgers here are really good, prepared with fresh toppings right in front of you. The prices are also reasonable considering that you wouldn't be saving much by getting the junk that McD or similar are offering. What I really want to highlight here though, are the fries. Sometimes I come here just to get a serving of the fries.... That's all :-)
2	To call Smart Burger a 'disappointment' would be the politically correct word to use. So, I guess I'll go with that.I fully understand that this location is located within the Carrefour Laval foot court and to expect the same results from a culinary experience point of view to a stand alone location would be pretty difficult.... but let's be honest here.... our order of their version of a cheeseburger was a pretty sad presentation.The unexpectedly thin meat patty was overcooked, the bun didn't feel or taste right and the condiments were on the spare size. Comparing our burger to the stock photo within this gallery was night and day though one shouldn't expect remotely the same type of presentation... but the taste... or lack thereof... was insulting to at least this connoisseur experience of a cheeseburger. Do you truly think you can fool me with this burger after my countless experiences elsewhere? True, you may be food court grub but that's no excuse for what was received. Fix that.The side order of fries were good and the only reason this review didn't nail the 1 star rating. They were thicker type of cut and crunchy and was the best part of their trio presentation.Needless to state our experiences here left much to be desired. We should have known better as the line-up here during peak lunch hour in the food court was oddly the shortest of most of the food court line-up. My wife thought she got lucky, didn't feel as much as we left this food court.
