4	it's a starbucks...what can I say other than it's as great as every starbucks I've been to!  Friendly service and a consistant product.  yay!
4	I haven't been to this location as much as I have some of the other locations but I do enjoy this location. Again they are all kind of the same in a sense but its about the interior and the experience. I actually quite like the people who work at this location. I have seen the same people working here for a while now and they always make me feel so welcome. They are usually a couple of early 30's to middle aged women working here that make ya feel like mom is welcoming you home. "What can I get ya hun," "How's your day going sweety," that kind of stuff. And some people may not like that but I enjoy it because it makes you feel way more comfortable to be somewhere. They are always fast and efficient and any extras you may want are stocked plentifully. The one small thing I don't like is that they are tucked away and really have to be looking for it to know where it is and it is sort of a small building. It can get really cramped if there is a line in there and pushed against some of the valuables. Nice place to stop after some shopping if ya know where it is.
3	I am always iffy about chain locations.  Usually you can not mess up a Starbucks too much.  This location was missing something.  The staff was busy having conversations behind the counter so service was slow.  The customers were not being attended to.  I had an event near this place so I went two mornings in a row.  Each morning something catastrophic occurred. Day one, while handing a venti coffee to a patron, the barrista was handing the coffee while securing the lid, which resulted in the coffee tipping over and hitting four people.  While cleaning up, I mentioned that coffee was still under the counter and you would have thought that I told the barrista he was completely inadequate.  I would just hate for someone to lean on the counter and get residual hanging coffee.  Day two - They ran out of something.  Not sure what.  But something.  I know this because they were all milling around talking crap about someone who was not doing their job.  The funny part is that no one was attending to the people in front of the counter.  Just saying.  The caramel mocha was completely average.  Nothing special.  Definitely glad my event was over but I am sad to see no other competitors in the area but McDonald's.
2	It is so-so.   I went in on  a Sunday morning so it was pretty slow.   The employees were busy talking so they did not great me when I came in and then I asked for them to clean some tables.....I got a sigh and the guy went and cleaned the tables.   Not a single clean table in the place.   You would think if it was that slow the place would be clean!
3	Let it be known that I strongly dislike Starbucks coffee. I prefer to taste the actual coffee bean flavor, rather than choke down a super-over-roasted, burned-to-within-an-inch-of-its-life-and-left-as-a-shell-of-what-it-once-was coffee bean.So... I don't drink the coffee here (or at any Starbucks). That said, I do enjoy the Tzao tea, and the staff is friendly. Lines move quickly.It's extremely pricey, considering what you're getting.I wish there were some local coffee shops closer to my primary office.
3	It did take a while to get our drinks here, but they were super apologetic. It wasn't a big deal as we realized there was someone new that was also training so it took a little longer to get all the drinks ready. Not a big deal.Drinks were tasty and I had happy kids.
