4	BE SAFE!  DON'T DRINK AND DRIVE!Now I am definitely not a bus girl.  I would much rather have my own car and be in control of my own time and destinations.  The BF and I heard about this NEW one-way-round trip to Fremont and decided to embark on a little adventure!  No worries of drinkin too much and no worries on getting home!  It truly is the perfect situation!  Listen, I know that this is not the only purpose for this bus....I'm just sayin...options peeps....there are options!Literally you just park and hop on the bus and you are at Fremont in 10 to 15 minutes.  Only FIVE DOLLARS (round trip) HOLLA!  They have a little machine that will take debit and I think cash and it gives you your ticket and presto-you're on your way!  Its just ca-razy how simple it all is!!!  The bus is very clean and the few people on it with us were either heading to work (another option if you work down there) or going to party.  The bus dude wasn't a ball of laughs so don't expect a wild tour guide! haha.....SO the ONE catch to this party bus is that the last pick up from Fremont is 11:50pm (*verify the times prior).  If you can wrap up your party time before the last pick up then you are golden.   If not you may have to cab it back....party foul. ;)
4	I don't use the Park & Ride for taking the bus.  This is a meet up spot sometimes for when we hike at Mount Charleston.  There is ample parking with two large lots.  The bus waiting area has always been very clean and attractive. The bathrooms in the building are convenient and have always been clean.  My friend arrived yesterday and left his bike in one of the bike stands and off we were.  This is a really convenient spot to meet and then get back on the freeway for going to Mount Charleston.
3	I suppose it is due for a review at this point. Similar to the flagship BTC in DLV, the Centennial Transit Centre (CTC) has plenty of potential and yet is a true, utter shitshow at times. It probably is a question of seemingly half --at least -- of the persons employed here not wanting to be here. A question of the fatcats collecting six figures having zero goddamn clue what the transit system actually needs, since it is all theoretical for them (having never independently ridden a fucking bus in their miserable bourgeoisie lives).Change MachineFix it, you goddamn slimeball, worthless, barely human pedazos de mierda. Fix the fucking change machine. Within twenty-four fucking hours that stupid machine should be fixed. Change vendors. There is no way on Earth -- through any imaginable metric -- that the current contracted company can be remotely within service agreements signed by both parties. Note: I don't even use the change machine. Ticket-issuing MachinesThey are monumental pieces of shit. Much like the change machine, the company behind the million dollar contract to provide these piles of shit must be owned and operated by extended family of worthless RTC administrators or perhaps directly owned by them through some illegal scheme.Note: I don't even use the ticket machines.Park & RideYeah; fuck it. There are a lot of parking stalls (in fact, too many). I am glad some creep SUV polluters use them. Very glad. Now how about some more fucking bike racks. More bike racks!Note: I don't use the P/R.Peda-cycle RacksEveryday they are full. Every fucking day. Bros, is it a complicated matter to you guys? There are bikes locked to signs up and down the outside of the building as if this were Manhattan. That is not a clue that another rack is required? For fucks sake! Idiots ....Note: The fucking racks, or signs, I use.  Epilogue Cool people used to work here. None of them worked for RTC, but in any case: they made the CTC a much better place to have to stomach. But one got fired, and one transferred, and another probably moved on to use her skills in arresting indigent for the much higher paying Metro. A-OK because I am being nice this year.
