2	Pizza = not very good and very over pricedSalads = pretty inventive (won best salad in either Phoenix Magazine or The New Times at some point in the past)Total experience = safe place to take someone when you don't know much about their food preferences.Pretty generically decent.
5	I thought the the menu was very inventive and that the food was great.  We had a large party of eight with four kids and they found a way to get us in.The pizza and salad menu was very different from your average place.  Everyone at our table got something different and each pizza was delicious.  The service was good; quick, friendly but nothing that truly stood out.  The prices do seem a little excessive, especially when you consider that each person is ordering a pizza and a salad (which produced a TON of left-overs).  I didn't get to see the final bill as my father-in-law fought for (and won) the bill, but I can only imagine that it was steep.
2	Edible... that's how I'll describe this food. I ate it - cleaned my plate even. I had a lunch special which was a half-salad and a slice. The slice was a "runt" as the waiter described it and swore most slices were larger - he then brought out a second "runt" for half price to make up for the small portion of food. It's a very generic place considering how much my girlfriend and friend raved about it. These are usually located in small corner strip malls and the decor is entirely forgettable. I had a good look at their bathroom and i thought it was nice and clean and they provided little shot cups so you could have a bit of mouthwash... classy. I should point out that I'm a pizza purist and prefer cheese or pepperoni or sausage or all 3, but not much else... I'm told that this place is great if you like a large variety of toppings. So take my review with that in mind.I thought the dough was bland and dry and unappealing. Flavorless, but capable of holding up the thin layer of toppings. I imagine they skimp on toppings because you are supposed to order many many toppings. That probably explains why the bread is sturdy. Still, my friend's slice was loaded, but looked sparse as well. The cheese was also completely flavorless even though they sprinkled some parm on the top. The pepperonis were okay I guess - I like them thicker and more spicy though. The sauce was flavorless as well... overall a pretty bland and boring pizza experience. It reminded me of Dominos flavor-wise (or lack thereof).After eating, I was hanging out in the parking lot talking with my friend and my food suddenly hit me and gave me the shits - that's why I got a look at the bathroom. I wouldn't put money on it that it was definitely the pizza that gave me the browns, but it was the only thing I had eaten that day. It's entirely possible it wasn't the food though since I ate a bunch of candy the night before. Anyway - everyone's taste in pizza differs... I'm not a fan, but you may be. This place gets a 2.5/5 from me - it's pretty average. More experimental foodies might love it. People who like simple pizza may want to look elsewhere.
4	I enjoy this place for lunch.  The lunch combos are great choice for lunch and the price includes your drink.  I always get a slice of pizza and a salad... it is plenty of food.  Today it was a pepperoni slice and the chopped Italian salad.  very good.  They have a huge menu and I wish I could say that I would try many things, but the reality is that I don't live near here and I only come for lunch.  The specials work for me.
5	This is my favorite place to go for lunch. They have really great pizzas and salads. My favorites are the chicken pesto pizza and the pear Gorgonzola salad. They have great prices, atmosphere and service. I highly recommend them.
5	I LOVE this place and with good reason: Picazzo's has a separate gluten-free menu (which can be found online) for celiac sufferers, as well as those who are more sensitive or allergic to the effects of wheat. Kitchen utensils and ovens are reserved for the preparation and cooking of gluten-free doughs and other goodies. This helps prevent contamination, which can wreak havoc on one later. For the most part, the GF menu is exactly the same as the regular menu and this is a wonderful thing. A GF diet can be VERY restrictive, but Picazzo's has really gone out of its way to accommodate those of us, who cannot tolerate gluten and has won several awards for having done so. How many restaurants can truly say that?Neither the dough nor the toppings are bland. The salads all taste delicious. The servers are always quick and very courteous, and they take the time to get to know you by name when you are a regular. The prices are a little excessive, but I think the quality and freshness of the food is outstanding and that this is well worth paying a little extra to obtain. It's definitely a value call for all of us, but the peace of mind and shear delight afforded me by this restaurant's having a separate GF menu and cooking facilities makes this a top choice for me!
2	I love wings, and I especially like them crispy so the skin is worth eating. Their wings...not so crispy and too fatty. Good flavor, but fatty.Hummus is one of my favorites, but their hummus had so much garlic in it that I'm still breathing garlic fire this morning after brushing twice and using a ton of mouthwash. Beware, it's one of those "oh, but you taste so good. oh, but I know I shouldn't." And you do it anyway.Their pizza is good. We had the shrimp and bacon, and the pepperoni, sausage and peppers pizzas. They ran out of bacon, which was a bummer because you could tell something was missing. And who runs out of bacon when it's on quite a few of their specialty pizzas? The other pizza was good, all of the peppers and onions made it sweeter and I wish the sausage and pepperoni would have added some spicy/saltiness to the pizza to balance that out. Great crust. Super tasty, slightly crispy, slightly chewy.Happy hour is great, so I can't complain about how cheap it was last night.
2	brie with garlic, strawberries and apple and pizza bread was amazing as appetizer. I ate so much of it that i could barely have main course which was a medium pizza, half vortex and half leaning tower.more on the brie. i loved the roasted garlic. and the sweet strawberries and apple were such a great combination with the cheese and all the herbs on the bread. minus one star cuz the waitress served my pizza upside down on my plate and offered zero compensation. minus one star cuz the cheese on the leaning tower was too melted! it was the most watery cheese i've ever had. maybe that's why it's called the leaning tower... it causes all the toppings to fall off!also, the pizza crust was a bit too doughy. i don't mind thick crusts but this crust actually tasted like dough....
4	Great gluten free menu!  Appetizers, pizzas, all kinds of variety.  Items are a little pricey, but it's worth it to support such a wide variety of options especially for people suffering from celiac.  Restaurant had nice decor with a fun environment.  Thanks to the gluten free menu, it was my first time eating pizza in quite a while!  I'd definitely return if I lived in Phoenix.
3	You'd think that spending $22 on a medium pizza (it's really a small pizza anywhere else) would make me very unhappy.  However, when it's gluten-free and the toppings are delicious and the dough doesn't taste like a sponge and neither I nor my wife had to make the said pizza, you'd be wrong.  Best gluten-free pizza that wasn't made in my home that I've ever had.  Still, it is gluten-free and gluten is rather delicious, so I can't get too carried away with my starage.
3	Although I was excited to try a new pizza place, i was not impressed. The variety seemed a bit much for a gourmet pizza and salad joint. Many of the pizzas seemed to be very similar with the exception of 1 or 2 ingredients. I agree with some of the other reviewers that the option of gluten-free sounds appealing to those with gluten allergies. But overall, not many of the choices seemed desirable. I chose the 'fire in the hole' on regular crust. It boasted red and yellow bell peppers, fresh garlic, pepperoni, jalapenos, carmelized onions and cheddar with crushed red pepper flakes. it sounded exciting until i saw it and tasted it. The onions were not carmelized and they were oversized, allowing it to dominate other flavors save the jalapeno. The jalapeno were in medium slices, with the webbing and seeds intact. It is true that the pizza boasted of its spiciness with its eponymous title. But diced jalapeno without seeds or webbing would have added flavor and heat without compromising the other flavors. Perhaps the bell pepper and garlic were bland. Perhaps not. On the plus side, I found the crust very tasty. But even with regular thickness, compared to thin or ultra thin, the toppings were too heavy  and the pie became a flaccid mess. For the price, I doubt I would get this one again.Finally, the waitress hovered around us. She was in my sight of vision, spot checking us every 20 seconds. This became cumbersome. She did not share any specials (not really sure if they have any) or recommendations on an entree or alcoholic beverage. Another waiter was quick about refilling our beverages without being noticeable. Food was obnoxiously drab and the service needs to be less observable and more engaging with my palette.
4	Great Gluten-Free Pizza and Dessert Menu!Picazzo's is the only true pizza resturant I've found in the valley (and Sedona and Flagstaff for that matter) that has a full Gluten-Free menu including drinks and desserts. It's nice to be able to go out to dinner with friends and have a whole gf menu ready for me so I don't have to feel like the weird kid out. It's a bit expensive for the gf pizza...somthing like $18 when I get all the goodies on top, but to me it's worth it and the pizza itself is fabulous. I usually get the veggie pizza and then toss some pepperoni or sausage on it to spice it up a bit. The medium is a good size for 2 people and will leave 1 person enough to take leftovers home.
1	Have you ever been to a place & walked out feeling like you were ass raped?  well, if you're into that, you'll love this joint!!!The food is terrible....but I felt even worse because it was expensive for the shit they gave you.  We got a medium sausage, which at any other place is a very small pizza, and it was $22 with tax & tip (no drinks...just water).  Don't be fooled by this "gourmet" shit either.  The crust is tasteless & the quality just isn't there.when I compare this to say Oreganos, they are not even in the same ball league.skip this joint....and save your money.
2	Went in for lunch - the service was very slow ... I'm sure the waiter could have saved himself some time and combined trips.  I couldn't help but notice that the managers were truckin' all over the place filling drinks and running plates.  I just think the staff can use some training ...Food was okay.  I didn't like the Caesar salad - very weak.  But my Italian Sandwich was decent.  Didn't get offered dessert ... so didn't try it.  Just a bleak experience.
4	They have a great lunch special.  For around $9.00 you can choose either a slice of pizza, pasta or a sandwich with either a really good salad or soup. Also included in this price is your beverage. Not a bad price for a lunch.
5	My husband and I go here every week for a great 'neighborhood bar' dinner. The staff is always courteous and helpful and seem to be having a good time. I enjoy a place where people like to work! We go on Monday or Tuesday night to get the summer special these days. Join the Picazzo's club and you get 25% off your order and a bottle of the house wine (which isn't a bad one!) for just $5! Last night we had the Thai chicken pizza (with the thin crust) and the Italian chopped salad. Delicious! Another favorite of ours is the Veggie Pizza (with thick crust) and the blue cheese salad. You can order a small salad (plenty for 2 to share) So,,,for $30 we had split a small salad, a large pizza and a bottle of wine! By the way, the summer special is only for dinner on Mon/Tues (after 4) and through September.
1	The sun was shining, the breeze was blowing in the air, and my granddaughters who LOVE pizza settled down with their mother and I to eat the most disappointing pizza we have ever consumed.  We ordered Picazzo's pizza excited for a gluten free menu.  However, after paying $50 for two pizzas and one salad, we felt totally ripped off.The cheese on our pizza was like chewing on my dog's squeaky toys- flavorless and rubbery.  The tasteless pizza sauce was doled out the size of a thimble- and we wondered- "How can this pizza that looks so delicious taste like nothing at all??"  If I am gonna pack pounds on my hips indulging in pizza- Well, dangit! I want to enjoy it! My granddaughter who normally eats pizza like she's a pro wrestler refused to eat more after her first bites.  We told her it was magic pizza- that it would give her special powers- still she wouldn't bite.  She was right- this pizza has no magic whatsoever.  Next time I give away money for nothing- it's gonna go to the guy holding a cardboard sign on the corner!
5	PAINFULLY good pizza. I had dinner here on new year's eve. we split the hummus appetizer, which was ridiculous. warm toasted herbed pita bread with hummus & feta cheese. so good.I forget the name of the pizza I ordered, but like I said: PAINFULLY good. it had pesto, mozzarella, chevre, artichoke, roasted garlic, sundried tomato, pine nuts, and fresh basil. I ordered it with plain crust & it was perfect, not doughy at all but fluffy & crisp on the outside. very fresh-tasting & delicious.they have a wide selection of pizzas, including two entire (smaller) sections devoted to vegetarian options.I ordered the small sized pizza & someone with a large appetite could probably finish most or all of it in one sitting, but I was able to get 3 meals out of it. it was, I think, $16.I was tempted to call it pricey, but really, it isn't fucking pizza hut. you get what you pay for.oh, and they gave us $10 off the bill for 2010!
4	Sure lets try throwing that on a pizza, why not.That is the approach taken at Picazzo's.  While they do offer  a mundane Margarita pizza on the menu here, that is not the thing to try. As far as their crust it is decent but far from perfect.One of my favorite pizzas is the quarto fomarggi, (four cheeses for the Italian challenged) has Gorgonzola cheese, Alfredo, mozzarella, cherve (goat) and Fontina. the high fat of the fonina makes a smooth melt right into the Alfredo while the pungent cherve and strong flavor of the Gorgonzola are quite present. This is topped with basil and pears that really complement the mould cheese.The inside of the location is decent, it mostly has tables a few booths and a new expanded bar. There also is a large patio with parking lot views for the cooler weather.
5	Picazzo's is one of the few places I enjoy eating lunch in Tempe. I have some irritating food allergies (gluten, egg and milk free) - and find it very difficult to simply order a lunch without asking the waitstaff to leave off everything. It's not the case at Picazzo's and I commend them for it.My review is exclusively for the innovative, enormous and filling salads I eat at Picazzos.  The salads have a good mix of dark green leafy and romaine, and are loaded with veggies. Typically when I order my big salad at other places, after they remove the cheese, croutons etc, I am left with a giant pile of romaine, 3 cucumbers, 2 cherry tomatoes and a  cold piece of cut up chicken.  I don't use muchsalad dressing, so just imagine how tasteless this is...The salads here have enough extra veggies to make every bite interesting.
5	Three awesome things about Picazzos in Tempe1) 100% organic food, and i mean the good stuff (pizza, pasta, salads and chicken wings)2) The food is YUMMY3) They have an awesome happy hour every day of the week where you can get 1/2 price appetizers and 1/2 price organic cocktails. HOLLER!!!
4	If you work in this area, Picazzo's is a great place to grab lunch with a co-worker.  It has a nice atmosphere and they can get you in and out in about 40-45 minutes.  It's a popular lunch spot because it has inexpensive lunch specials (Drink, pizza slice and gourmet salad combo for $9) and its gluten free pizzas.   You get a handful of options for the lunch slices, but they always have at least a veggie, a meat and a gluten free pizza ready.   I like the specials because it forces me to try something that I may not have chosen otherwise.  The entire pizza menu looks great though, I would like to try it when I'm not on my lunch hour!
2	2 stars in Yelp lingo means "Meh. I've experienced better." and I have. I ordered the caprese salad and it was served with foccacia. While a generous portion of bread, the tomato and mozzarella rounds were the size of roma slices. It was dull. There were some interesting cocktails but my bitters and soda (which is club soda with a shake of aromatic bitters in it - helpful for upset stomachs) came in a smaller glass and I got charged for refills. I've never been charged for refills on bitters and soda before anywhere else. Frankly, that irritated me. Quite a bit. I could have had a mojito for what my 3 club sodas cost. And, I don't have a problem with gluten or a compulsion to eat organically so I'm not desperate enough to let those demands compensate.
5	My family and I always go to this little pizza joint, when family members are in town.Great organic food, that is fresh and super tasty!Caesar salad with pine nuts, and feta cheese, YES please.Their cracker thin crust is delightful.  Get to Picazzo's today and you'll be amazed with their food.
5	This place was unbelievable!  I ate lunch there today and the gluten free menu was awesome!  I had the lunch combo which included a slice of gluten free pizza, a salad (I chose the Asian salad) and my drink all for $9.  The gluten free pizza was to die for!  I have been to so many places where the GF pizza tastes like a sponge.  It almost tasted like their crust was made from a potato flour and was a little on the sweet side.  The portion of salad I received with my slice of pizza was rather generous.  It was definitely enough to fill me up for the price!  I highly plan on going back here and trying their gluten free pastas!
3	I have not been to Picazzo's in a LONG time.  The menu sure has changed...  I meet my usual monthly ladies' lunch with my co-workers (we all work at different sites of the company now), but it is not wonderful to see everyone once a month.  One of our lunchers has food allergies and we have been trying to find places for lunch.  She loves Picazzo's for the gluten free selections.  I ordered the two pepperoni slices and a green ice tea...  The lunch combs are a good deal.  The server, pizza, and non-stop flowing of green ice tea was good...
3	very good ingredients (organic), the pizza is tasty but priced a little on the high side.  They have an extensive gluten free menu so if that's a concern this place has a lot of variety for you.  If organic ingredients and gluten free offerings are not important to you then another place would probably be a better fit.
5	This place is good!! I ordered 2 slices of pizza for lunch and really enjoyed it. The dough was crunchy at first but when you get to the crust it is like a pillow you can eat. haha. I sat in the bar and the bartender was quick with my drinks and was very nice. If you are around the area you should stop by and eat some lunch. I will be back!!
4	I haven't been to Picazzo's since their organic & gluten free "revamp" but have been looking forward to it for quite awhile. I went for lunch today and the menu really is quite impressive. Quinoa pasta galore, gluten free crust, baked (free range, humane, non-hormone treated) chicken wings, nitrate free organic bacon, and more!! I had no idea what to even order and definitely plan on going back. The chicken wings were "ok" but honestly get an A for effort considered they were made without being fried tons of awful polyunsaturated fats (vegetable oil) The greek salad was very fresh and tasty and the girlfriend I was with really enjoyed her pizza. I brought a pizza home for my husband with gluten free crust and it definitely did not disappoint. It was fairly busy for lunch but our appetizers and entree did take quite awhile to come out to the table (hence the 4 stars)I really do not like pizza at all so I am not much of a critic when it comes to the perfect slice but am very much looking forward to going back to sample more salads and pastas!
5	Dear holy awesome gluten free menu!!! I'm 100% excited for a restaurant that's been approved by a celiac association - and they display it right on their door! Everything here is awesome - I had the gluten free crush pizza and got the "vegetarian" option. I also had the watermelon mojito - with real chunks of watermelon and mint! They have GREAT gluten free appetizers as well! This is my new favorite restaurant, and although pretty pricey, it's a great date restaurant, or a good girlfriend date. Especially for celiacs, vegetarians, or organic junkies. A must visit!
4	We stopped in last Saturday for lunch and, as usual, we thrilled with their salads; always fresh and great portion sizes. The slice of pizza I got with it was not quite as fresh, but we also had the baked Brie app which was delicious. They had half-price apps and drinks while we were there (late lunch - 3pm) so I also ordered the Cucumber Basil Breeze cocktail which was amazing! You have never had anything else lik it. Check out the photo I uploaded.  Lindsay was our server and she was lots of fun. Great experience...we will be back!
5	Their food is consistently good and the organic wine selections are really awesome.   I was excited to see that Restaurant.com has them now and you can get a $25 gift certificate for like $2 during their sales!This is a great place for vegetarians to have lots of options for people who eat gluten-free too.  We will be loyal patrons!
5	This is the pizza that California Pizza Kitchen wishes it could be like:  Organic, natural, and free-range products that are fresh, flavorful, and are balanced perfectly with the other ingredients on your pizza.  The crust is just right-perfectly crispy.  I tried a Margherita pizza and the chicken artichoke.  The chicken artichoke was delicious, with lots of toppings, huge chunks of artichoke, and very flavorful chicken.  Since they use free-range chicken, you can definitely tell the difference in taste vs. a regular mass-farmed chicken.  Service was excellent as well.  Despite being very busy, our drinks were constantly attended to and refilled as needed.  I will definitely be going here again for more pizza, and to try out some wings!P.S.  If you get an appetizer, I highly recommend the brie and roasted garlic plate.  So delicious!
5	Great gluten free pizza and beer as well as other Italian fare that is organic so tastes fresher!  Very accommodating to groups!
3	Back here again with my monthly ladies' lunch group. I ordered the lunch combo: 1 pizza, soup, and a tropical ice tea. The soup was chicken noodle soup today, it was loaded with goodies (carrots, onions, celery, chicken and lots of noodles). The soup was good, not too salty. I ordered the pepperoni pizza. Unfortunately, it is on the extra crispy side. The tip of the pizza was a black and the crust was super crispy. I did not attempt to eat the crust, way too hard. It was better last time. The soup and nonstop flowing of ice tea was good. The service is always excellent.
4	Heehee, few things make me happier than good GF pizza! Diagnosed Celiac two years ago, and coming from an Italian family has made the transition difficult. This Picazzo's is great! Atmosphere is cozy, yet elegant. Sometimes the service is great, sometimes just good, depends on the day :). I love the garlic and brie appetizer. Salads are always fresh and full of flavor, (Southwestern is a favorite for me and my mama). The pizza is great. Not the best I've had (BJs still wins that contest), but absolutely wonderful non the less! The chocolate chip pizza cookie is insanely good, but definitely one of those things that make you feel guilty for eating.This restaurant definitely has the most options for GF eaters than any other I've been to, and takes into account cross-contamination, which is HUGE. I would love to give this place 4.5 stars, because it really is awesome, just not my number one :). Hmmm, now I want pizza.
4	Good pizza, went with a large group and was able to try several different styles.  Heres what I had: Diavola pizza, The Vortex pizza, Southwest Chicken Pizza, Hawaiian pizza, Classic Gluten free pizza,  They were all very good!  My favorite was the Southwest chicken, and my least favorite was the Vortex (too "olive-y" for me, but a it was a couple of my friend's favorite).  Oh and the salads are really big, 4 people shared a small (appetizer portions)!One negative about the experience was the waiter though.  This kid just didnt seem to know very much about anything, and wasnt very attentive to our large group (10 people).  When a friend asked about a beer he was unfamiliar with, the waiter described it for him, "Its from California.  Its good."  when he asked about another beer, his description was very similar (although slightly more helpful), "Its our darkest beer, its good."  Maybe they can educate their staff a little better about their menu.
4	I ordered the lunch special -- salad and slice of pizza.  Gluten-free pizza is easy to get wrong, this place makes a nice GF crust that has a bite.  My husband initially guffawed at the prices for mere pizza.  I said, "but it's organic."  He rolled his eyes.  But then he ate it and he understood that he was paying extra for freshness.  He even gave a thumbs up to my "GF nastiness" as he refers to all things GF.Thank you Picazzo for making a point to my dear lover which I was unable to make previously.
5	I am so happy that people love Picazzo's  This restaurant has been a part of my life for the past 6 years.  I have nothing but positive things to say about the service, food and atmosphere!If you are looking for a wonderful patio to meet your friends on for a drink-- look no further than Picazzo's in Tempe!!!!
3	Picazzos is not very big and was filling up fast by the time we left. There is indoor seating, outdoor seating and a bar area. No exciting decor. Looks just like your standard Italian eatery.This place prides itself on  it's organic and local ingredients. Which is great, but the price definitely reflects this. According to our server, both the regular crust and marinara sauce are 100% dairy free, so I did a create-your-own pizzza with veggies and non-dairy cheese (I believe they use Daiya).The pizza was good, but not amazing. I like a lot of Daiya on my pizza, so when I go again I'll definitely ask for extra. Also, I ordered spinach on my pizza and I felt that the spinach wasn't fully cooked, just a little wilted. I like my spinach fully cooked because I feel that adds more flavor, but that's a personal preference.Our drinks took a while to come out, and for what we ended up paying we didn't get a heck of a lot. I'll definitely be coming back soon and see if I can't get them to veganize one of their specialty pizzas.
4	They have a great menu for lunch and for dinner! The pizza is so good and they offer a variety of healthy toppings. I also really like the salads, everything tastes so fresh. It gets busy sometimes, but they have a big patio if you don't mind enjoying the weather outside.
2	Headed over for a friends birthday party.  There were 9 of us at the table.  We were seated quickly because we had a reservation and asked if we would like drinks almost immediately.  That is where the good service ended that evening.  My friend, the birthday girl, ordered an overpriced flavored soda and received the wrong one.  Simple mistake right?  Well she asks another server if she could get the drink she ordered and was told they were out of it.  Happy the server thinks its ok to substitute orders without asking, that's taking initiative there!  We ordered appetizers, they were good.  The hot wings were really freaking hot and even before we tried them we asked for a little extra ranch.  "Of course, I'll bring it right out now."  5 minutes pass... 10 minutes... 15.... we ended up asking the busboy and he brought it out right away.  Kudos to him.   We are still waiting for that ranch from the server 12 hours later.  Entrees arrived.  All delicious, delivered hot, ours lacked a pizza scoop but no biggy.  After everyone finished 7/8 of their pizza the servers decides then to ask if we need cheese or pepper flakes.  Tad late for that thank you.  "Ready for the check?"  How about no... we would like to order dessert, and thanks for asking.   Dessert came out.  Delicious food.  Cookie/ice cream, brownie/ice cream and cobbler all delicious.  But even more delicious than the raspberry chocolate sauce drizzled over our desserts... the icing on the cake!  Icing on the cake was the automatic 18 percent gratuity added to each of our bills.  Now it makes sense!  The ridiculously lousy service we received by our space cadet service could be attributed to the fact no matter how terrible he was as a server, he would still get a better than average tip from our table.  I really hope my first and probably last visit to Picazzo's is not the same for other patrons.  Don't get me wrong the food was delicious, however pricey.  Their saving grace would have been good service and I didn't get that.
5	I love Picazzo's. Not only do they make and succeed with an effort at organic and earth friendly on the menu, the menu itself is printed on recycled paper with soy based ink. The wine list is pretty good, but if you are a BIG Italian red fan you will have to settle for their milder organic wines. The crust on the pizzas are delicious and don't forget to try the cookie/ice cream desserts. If you love salads- their Greek one is terrific. If you need wheat free or other special food needs, this is a great place to go. This place may not be appropriate for people who want salty, run of the mill cheap food. If you want a step above, this place is perfect.
4	Am a fan of Picasso's.  We go there probably close to at least 1-2 times a week and they notice that when we visit each time.  I almost always get the berrylicious salad with chicken.  The chicken is so yummy, but the feta and glazed walnuts, with the strawberries mixed in, makes it the best.  Have had the pizza and some other pastas, too, which are also very delicious.  The prices have gone up with their menu changes, but we're willing to pay for the organic meats, etc.  Definitely a place to check out if you are in the mood for some pizza!
5	Love it and love the GF menu.  It's amazing how many dishes they have
5	I love Pizza.  I love Pasta.  I love these two foods more than any other food on earth.  Seriously.  You can imagine the first thoughts going through my head finding out that my two favorite foods I LOVE would be off limits.  Ugh............the travesty!  Oh, the injustice!Then I began searching for places which carried GF pizza crust.  I knew it was out there.  It didn't sound very appetizing, but it's all I can have, so I searched for all the reviews.  I read and researched every one I could find.  I was pretty sure that out of all of the competition one stood head and shoulders above the rest.Was I right?  Well, I won't know for a while due to the fact that it's the first GF Pizza I've tried.  I seriously doubt that any other GF Pizza will ever top it though.  Oh, yeah it is THAT GOOD!  Quite honestly, it's one of the better Pizza's I've ever had!  GF or NOT.Where is this place?  Picazzo's Organic Italian Kitchen: Tempe, AZ.  They have six Arizona locations but this one was inviting, clean (bathrooms spotless), service spectacular and food was delectable.  This place understands GF issues and you feel perfectly fine ordering from them.  They have separate ovens and preparation areas for all GF foods, and so many eating options for the entire family, GF or not.We started with the GF Organic Garlic Cheese Bread.  Such a great start!  It is served with Olive Oil with a few very tasty olives in it.  It could have been a little more "garlicky" for me but it was still extremely good.  Light and airy with a terrific amount of Cheese on it.  It didn't last long on anyone's plate.I had the Diavalo Specialty Gourmet Pizza.  The GF comes only in Medium size.  The crust is quit thin but very tasty.  It consists of an Organic tomato sauce, with mozzarella, pepperoni, red and yellow bell peppers, caramelized onions, andouille sausage and red pepper flakes (I did LESS Diavolo and omitted the red pepper flakes!)  The sausage still had a little kick to it but not overpowering.  Divine; pure and simple.The Hubs had the Pepperoni, Sausage and Ricotta on Picazzo's Original Crust (not GF) and was extremely happy with his choice.  The Mother in Law ordered a Half order Natural Chopped Italian Salad Which had so much meat in it she was shocked!  Pepperoni, smoked ham, and salami.  It also lettuce,  garbanzo beans, organic tomatoes, a significant amount of fresh mozarella, black olives, pepperoncini, Parmesan, GF croutons and Italian Dressing.  Completely GF, huge for a half order and looked amazingly fresh! The child was quite happy with a small cheese pizza!We then finished the meal with a few desserts.  Yes, GF too! I brought most of mine home.  A skillet Brownie.  It's about 6 inches around with non dairy organic ice cream and organic chocolate sauce!  Joy and Bliss rolled into one! This will be a "Go To" place for sure.  Probably only for The Hubs and me, due to the pricing, but what a date night!  I can have Pizza!  It's a little "Pizza Heaven on Earth!"
4	Is this the best pizza I have ever had,,, no.  Is it the best organic / gluten free pizza,,, YES!  If this place was in LA, there would be a line around the block.  Luckly, this is not the case & there is rarely a wait.  A rare find in AZ and worth every penny.  Oh yeah, snag a coupon on restaurant.com for killer savings!
4	Picazzo's pizza is excellente! My wife and I were told about this little pizza place by a friend who swore by it, so we decided to try it out. We are sooooo glad that we did because the food quality & taste was amazing. My wife loves it so much that when I asked her where she wanted to go for her birthday...Dr. Weil's restaurant in Scottsdale or Picazzo's....guess which one she chose? Picazzo's FTW!The prices are a little on the high side, but I am a firm believer in the saying, "you get what you pay for" & this pizza place was worth every penny.
1	After a promising response after my previous yelp review, I was pleased to see them reaching out to reconcile the poor service I received at the restaurant.  After 2 months, I have not received the alleged giftcard.  Would have been nice to use that giftcard to give them a second shot, but I guess not.
4	Setup of restaurant is a bit odd. When seated in main dining room there is a 3/4 height wall separating tables from service line & the television is mounted on wall behind service line making it impossible to see bottom half of the screen. Their ice  machine backs up to the 3/4 wall & our table was right against the wall behind the machine so we had to listen to the fan or motor running throughout our whole meal.No where near the atmosphere of the Sedona patio location. Their hummus had way more garlic than the picazzo's in Phoenix - too much for me but SO loves garlic so he was happy to eat it all. Service was very quick even for refilling the water glasses. Berrylicious salad was verry berry yum. I could eat it for dessert. I wish I'd taken a picture of it, it was so good, lots of walnuts, berries & oranges. So much more flavor than the kale & berry salad I tried yesterday at Nourish. I just wish the gluten-free crust was vegan  & didn't have eggs so I could enjoy it, especially since they carry vegan cheese. But I scraped the veggie toppings off & SO ate the crust which he loved - thinks it is even better than "normal" pizza. He really doesn't mind being gluten-free & the  vegan cheese but now that he's tried this pizza I'll have to be satisfied with turning him vegetarian instead of vegan, at least while visiting in Picazzo territory. Still a vast difference from the eat everything diet of 6 weeks ago. He's eating way healthier & saying it " are you sure this is healthy? It tastes too good to be healthy"
2	"Picazzo's?" More like "van Garlic." We had the hummus/dolomades appetizer which was WAY overwhelmed by the taste of raw garlic. And the puttanesca pizza on the organic whole grain crust. Again all I could taste was garlic.  Not that I have anything against garlic, but three days after my Picazzo's experience I am still quite vampire-repellant. Service was not great (even though the place was practically empty) and I thought everything was overpriced. Props for the Classic Chocolate Chip cookie/ice cream dessert, though, that was delicious.
5	Best vegan pizza in Arizona! I wish there were some of these restaurants in California because they are so good! Everything here is organic, and they have Daiya which is a non-dairy non-soy cheese that is delicious!
2	I used to love this place.  Their happy hour was fabulous (half price apps!) and the shrimp scampi pizza was scrum-diddly.  I would come in for a sandwich at lunch.  All of my favorite things dishes have been altered or removed on the new menu, which is just bad luck on my end of course.  I totally respect the Green/organic and GF direction, but I feel that the changes were a bit too drastic, leaving my mainstream palate feeling alienated.Came in for the new happy hour, was truly bummed out, since it used to be so good.  Could have understood the narrowing of options, and offering five dollar plates instead of full sizes at half-price, but the new recipes tasted plain awful, and I felt a bit screwed.First: meatball sliders, served with avocado, Roma tomato, and a basil leaf I believe.  Sounds good, right?  In reality, a real bitch-kitty to consume.  Flimsy bread that disintegrated under the weight of a whole, lukewarm, dry, and practically flavorless meatball, combined with a *wedge* of avocado  - turned what is meant to be a finger food into a fork and knife affair.  The whole thing just fell apart after the first bite, and was tasteless to boot.Pesto bread: the pesto soaked in to the bread in an unattractive way and was (again) bland, cheese was rubbery in the extreme.  And again on the GF bread, with no apparent options for something else.  I'm sure that it tastes awesome to someone who shits liquid for days after eating the regular stuff, I respect that.  But for me, blech.  Just give the option, please, don't force feed me the compressed crumbs bread.  Had I known better, I would have ordered it on foccacia.  Wish I had been given the choice on the happy hour menu.Then, the stuffed peppers.  Wish I had known they were SO spicy and SO acidic, my palate was blown out with the first bite, glad it didn't precede anything else, or I wouldn't have tasted the rest of the meal.Thankfully, the salads are still YUM and would be what I order if I ever return, since I am not a big pasta fan.  My favorite pizza, the shrimp scampi, is now neopolitan style.  Meh, no thanks.  And in my mourning, I don't want to try any others.  ;) Fickle, I know.Decor is looking a bit matronly at this location.  I always remember the Flagstaff location being much brighter, airier.  This one feels...lackluster.      They obviously had to make some sacrifices in layout due to the size of the space, and as mentioned elsewhere, it feels a bit odd, even dowdy.The feeling emanates from the staff as well.  All skilled, polite, and hardworking, don't get me wrong, but not lively at all.  Service is efficient, but not engaging, at least not for me.  GM is nice and gets the job done well, but always seems stressed.  One thing that put me off on my last visit - I mentioned my disappointment at the disappearance of the chalk-board happy hour, including $5 martini Thursdays, and my server's tone was borderline rude in replying.  She treated me like a rube, which I don't appreciate.  They had a good value for the guest and they took it away, probably because it wasn't making them any money, I get that and respect their change in direction.  But don't be rude to a semi-regular who is inquiring nicely.  Just smile and shrug, point out the new stuff, don't act like I am a chinz for asking.I guess this just isn't my kind of place anymore.  The happy hour was really what brought me back and it is boring and flavorless now.  The organic thing is awesome, guys, but it still has to taste good!  They are catering to a niche market, I hope this suburb can support the location.  I love local businesses and hope they succeed.  Good luck and farewell, Picazzo's.
4	Excellent salads, great pizza with healthy options. This place is pretty good, and I don't usually say that about restaurants that have more than one location. This may become my go-to place when I don't have the energy to make a salad (I detest washing greens) and really want a healthy dinner.
4	Very good organic and gluten free choices. The bolognese sauce is also fantastic, and I recommend the putanesca pizza lunch combo with salad and beverage. A great deal.
2	Ordered a pomegranate martini, tasted like water & a very odd color.  The martini glass was chipped.  Had Nonna's pizza & it was delicious with a thin, crisp crust & wonderful flavors.  We ate dinner on the patio & it was filthy.  The whole area needs to be power washed, including the tables & chairs.  I think we should have ordered take out.
3	I went to this place when they just opened and the quality was much better!
2	I'm going to keep it simple! 2 MEDIUM pizzas (Vortex and Hawaiian) = $45 freakin ridiculous! The pizza was good! I'll go back when I win the lottery!
5	This is our second visit to Picazzo's and we were very impressed this time around. The first visit our waitress forgot about us and I had to go in and ask the host for our bill. But the food was so good we had to come back for a second try. This time the food was still great and Nick did a great job waiting on us. I can't say anything bad about our visit as everything was perfect! We will definitely be back again
5	Very Good place to eat GOOD organic italian food.  The chicken with pasta with capers were great!!! It was a good portion size, but could have used another piece of bread.  I also got the chocolate chip cookie skillet (gluten free) and it was so good!!!!I've never had good, organic italian food!!!
3	Been here a few times for lunch and a few times for dinner.The pizza has  always good, not great, but the service is always kind of slow. So don't go if you are in a hurry. I appreciate the fact everything is organic so that edges it up above all the other basic pizza places.  Since it's organic the price is definitely higher than most places.
5	This was our first visit and we intend to come back. Often.As we are on a gluten-free diet now, Picazzo's seems to be the sole respite for us to have Italian. Except for their ravioli and baked pasta dishes, all of their pastas are quinoa gluten-free, but you can choose to have rice gluten-free instead. It is SO nice to see a restaurant that offers variety.Their breads and croutons are ALSO GF! (We almost didn't believe them when they said that the bread that came with our pasta was GF! It was delicious!)For pizzas they offer a medium size as gluten-free. We chose to try their pasta tonight but will return to try their GF pizza next time. Apparently they have a soy-free, dairy-free mozzarella cheese as well. THANK YOU! Again, we'll come back to try that.They were crazy busy on a Friday night, as expected, but it was totally worth it. The chocolate chip skillet cookie with coconut vanilla ice cream was superb! I believe all of their desserts are GF also.If I can make a suggestion to the restaurant, I would love to see their GF pizza crusts in different sizes, and I would also love to see a "choose your own" pasta option as well.
5	Albeit a bit pricy, the artisan pizzas are the best I've found in Phoenix, which means I'm adding it to the best of Tempe list.  The restaurant has a trendy feel inside and some outdoor seating on a nice patio that faces the parking lot outside.  The only problem is that Picazzo's dropped my favorite pizza.  They went on an organic only binge and a hunt for locally produced ingredients and bye bye to the chipotle barbacoa.  Can I get a moment of silence for the chipotle barbacoa, a spicy pizza with hunks of seasoned beef?  And favorite number two has entered the witness protection program as the menu lists it under a different alias every time I visit.  It was originally called "That's Italian," but now I just order the one with peperoni and salami.  Picazzo's is always running a lot of specials and has a happy hour.  Every week there is special, and they liked to do themes.  During tax season there was some kind of deal where large pizzas cost $10.40.  Oh, the irony.  So get on the mailing list if you like deals.The bathroom is nice, clean, and worth mentioning in a review.Unless you have actually tried Picazzo's, I don't even want to hear about how your favorite pizza place it better.  Because it isn't.
4	I came to this location in Tempe after visiting the Picazzo's in Sedona.  I ordered the Puttanesca Pizza (no olives) with Garlic Butter Crust again because it really is THAT good!! I think the crust was even better this go 'round!  The Chocolate Chip Skillet with Coconut Vanilla Ice Cream is great and big enough to share!  We enjoyed sitting outside on the beautiful outdoor patio on such a beautiful day!
3	Some friends of ours were looking to have pizza at a place that offered a gluten-free option.  A quick search on Yelp revealed Picazzo's and we were off and running.I'll get to the brass tax on this one.  The pizza was very good and fresh--no complaints about taste.  The restaurant was cool and had a nice ambiance.  The place was so loud, however, that I had a hard time hearing people talk at my own table.  Service was moderately attentive, but there were times when we were waiting much too long for drink refills--the place was busy, mind you, but the pauses were noticeable.It comes down to this--do you want to pay $25 for a 14" pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and mushrooms?  I usually don't.  I can go to Pizza Slices in Mesa (formerly 99 Cent Pizza Place), and trade in the hipster ambiance for two yummy 18" pies for $20.  The gluten-free pizzas were apparently quite good, and some of our other guests liked the pasta plates they got.  In this case, if you want the dining experience, options, and atmosphere, Picazzo's will give it to you--you're just going to have to pay a bit more.Three and a half stars on this one.  Yes, I'd go back, but it would have to be for a special occasion with friends and/or family.  If I've got a pizza jones, this is not the place where I would satisfy it--I want more bang for my buck if I'm looking to chow down on a pie.
4	Healthful, organic and tasty! I love how this place caters to dietary needs. The non-dairy cheese is very good, they also have many gluten free options (pasta and pizza) I have tasted the gluten free crust before, and I have to say, I think I liked it better than the whole grain crust! It's nice you can custom order your pizza, just be aware that it will probably come out even more expensive than if you order from the regular menu. If you decide to get a whole grain crust, or if you need to order gluten free, it's also going to cost you more because they will not make small sizes with those crusts. It has to be medium. I ordered a whole grain vegetarian pizza with dairy-free cheese....it came out to be like 25 bucks...yikes! BUT, you do get what you pay for.....quality ingredients, and hey, they know how to make pizza! Service is great! Very friendly and helpful staff. And they have happy hour 3-6. I wish I could do regular cheese, because I would for sure come in for their one slice with a salad lunch option......oh well, at least Picazzos gives me a pretty good version of what I used to enjoy! Thanks Picazzos!
2	I came here for lunch with a few friends on a Saturday, and we were all pretty disappointed. Overall, Picazzo's seems pretty full of themselves. When one of our drink orders came out wrong (diet coke instead of regular) the server looked at us like we were nuts. Sorry? Really didn't think that should have been such a big deal.The food was not worth the price, it seems like this restaurant thinks they can get away with murder because they are all over organic ingredients and gluten-free crusts. Gluten-free or not, the margherita pizza was bland and tasteless. Covered in a thin sheen of olive oil (for flavor?) and skimped on the tomatoes and basil, it was dolled up cheese bread. The fruit and brie appetizer was okay, but the attention paid to presentation made it nearly impossible to eat. The pear-half and strawberry that came with our hunk of melted brie were really just incompletely sliced and that was supposed to look frou-frou? We had to remove the fruit to slice it completely so it could actually be eaten by more than one person; sort of the point of an appetizer, right? They also threw two heads of roasted garlic in the brie. While I can't deny that a whole head of roasted garlic is a beautiful thing, papery garlic skins mixed in with your melted brie are not. Neither is having to squeeze scalding hot cloves of roasted garlic into your brie. I was the only one in my group of friends who has roasted my own garlic so I had to wrap it in my napkin and squeeze it out onto a plate, again so more than one person could actually eat it. At this point we were all laughing at the ridiculousness of the restaurant and it's prices.I hate to rate it so low, because I really think there could be potential here! Italian food gone organic and accommodating to dietary needs? Could be great, just seems like they've got no soul and there is no real attention paid to the quality of the food, which comes across as just profiting from the bandwagon.
5	my girlfriend and i love this location and the one in Sedona AZ. Great service , Food and atmosphere.
5	Just ate there for the first time tonight. I had the gluten free cheesy breadsticks and the gluten free meaty meaty pizza. Amazing and I'll be back there soon to try the gluten free pasta dishes.
4	Great lunch spot.Loved the hummus platter!!
4	This place was good, the pizza is different but in a good way. The toppings are fresh and the service is great! I will eat here again.
4	Great service, great food, and friendly staff.
2	Just went there based on reviews of great pizza - ordered 1 kid's pasta and 1 medium pizza - it took more than ONE HOUR for the food to come!!!!!!!!!  If you have a ton of time, the food, once it arrived was ok - but definitely not worth the wait!
5	Love, love, love, loveMy BF and I went on vacation to Phoenix,( and we are going back - we love it), and I was thinking, in US it will be hard to get Gluten Free food.Man, I was wrong !!We were told about Picazzo, and went there not expecting much.We had the meat ball starter for 2, huge portion with Gluten Free bread - Delicious, fresh and very tastyThen I got a pizza - Italian style with fine crust and plenty of topping on it, fantasticAnd the best of all, Gluten Free Chocolate Brownie with Coconut milk Ice Cream - DivineThe place looked great, the staff friendly and the bill had a good price.Will go back !!!!
5	L-O-V-E IT.  Been visiting Picazzo's for over 7 years.  Organic, gluten free options can't be beat.  Great atmosphere and friendly staff make for an amazing experience.  Recommend the brie and roasted garlic appetizer - very tasty.  The Pasta and Pizza are all very good.  Signed up for the Picazzo's rewards card to earn discounts.  The owner takes pride in every aspect of this restaurant.  Excellent choice for lunch, dinner, or HH.**Update: This location has changed it's name to Buon Gusto Gourmet Pizza, the menu is basically the same!
4	Good pizza and interesting pasta.  Good wine by the glass choices.  Excellent spinach salad.  Family friendly as well.
4	Picazzo's has undergone a name change and new menu, but mot things are the same...they're just touting their organic and local qualities. Their "puttanesca" pizza (artichokes, olives, feta, tomato) is outstanding, though has nothing to do with puttanesca which is tomatoes, olives, capers and anchovies. their special tropical tea is flat and dull, but serving Santa Cruz sodas is inspired!
1	This location used to be a Picazzo's and was excellent.  It shut down, opened as Buon Gusto for awhile, then that closed.  I was so excited to see that Picazzo's was going to re-open in this location.  What a LETDOWN!  They were over priced for my two pizzas and it did not taste very good.  The pizza was tasteless and reminded me of a bad frozen pizza.  I was totally disappointed and will not be visiting again.  They can't possible be associated with the original restaurant because they can't even compare.
4	We were in town to visit my grandmother, who has Celiac Disease. This place was such a nice change of pace for her, because she can pretty much order anything on the menu without worrying about gluten! The wine was great, our food was so very good. I knocked a star because we came from LA, and I was pretty shocked to see that it was just as pricey or more than something comparable in Los Angeles.
5	Was picazzo's, then buon gusto, now back to picazzos. Same great food! Gluten free options if needed or wanted. Most dishes organic. Happy hour on a Sunday till 6! Friendly service. Usually short or no wait.
1	FAIL!     I hope Robert Irvine, of Restaurant Impossible, shows up quickly!   Seriously folks, stay away.   Save yourself the time, money, and frustration.  Just run up to the store and buy a bag of frozen pasta but read the instructions unlike this place.  The other post must have it right, this can not be related to the other Picazzos.   That one is good, just sayin....   Will NEVER return.
3	Nice that they have a huge gluten free selection.  However, I am not gluten free and would prefer more of a non gluten free selection.The menu is super expensive.Happy Hour is the only time I would eat here.  Appetizers are 1/2 off and alcoholic drinks are $1 off.    With Happy Hour pricing a friend and I shared a caprese and I had a peach bellini and she had a glass of cabernet.  The bill was $25, with tip.  I think that is pricey!!!The caprese was good except for the bread.  Not a fan at all.  The peach bellini was DELICIOUS!!We liked sitting out on the patio on a Friday night but the service was super slow to start out and tons of kids running around.
2	Came here with my girlfriend who is celiac, she was really excited to have another place to go to with a large selection of gluten free options. First glance at the menu, wow these prices are high, which I understand because they are catering to the organic, free range chemical free crowd, which I have no problem with but it had better be top quality for that price point. This location is new and looks nice, I like the Edison bulbs giving a soft yellow glow that you don't see in our CFL world. The space is tight and I felt like I was contributing to the conversation being had by the couple next to me.On the the service. Not impressed. we were seated and had our waters quickly but my glass was never refilled, we were not checked on and the manger delivered our food because our waitress was nowhere to be seen. There were only a few people there and no one seemed too busy. On the plus side the kitchen seems to have their stuff together because our food was brought out quickly.The food was okay, we ordered gluten free garlic cheese bread, it was a rice based bread and was served with olive oil. While it wasn't bad, there where no flavors that really popped out. For our dinner we had the Pepperoni, Sausage and Ricotta pizza. The crust on this pizza was great but again no flavors really stood out to me. Overall I would try this place again, getting something other than the pizza just to give it a fair shake. I score one star for the atmosphere and one star for the food. Picazzo's looses three start due to the lack of service and the price for the quality.
2	I had a well made mojito. Aside from that, this meal was exceptionally bad. Very little attention was received from the server, although the restaurant was practically empty. The meals took an average time to prepare, but even the appearance was unappetizing. Only recently have it started eating gluten free because my gf has a food allergy, but even at this stage, I know better than to think gluten free food has to taste bad. The Eggplant Parmesan was bad. There was an excess of sauce. The eggplant was raw and stale tasting. It was served with burnt bread. The dish was small, and the price was high. Finally, after trudging through this debacle of a restaurant experience, the server brought our bill and informed us that we wouldn't be able to order dessert because the kitchen was already closed. How do you explain closing the kitchen in a restaurant before the guests leave or before 9? Oh, I forgot to mention the atmosphere was decent. All in all, two badly prepared meals, a decent mojito and mediocre service ended up running almost forty dollars. I recommend wary eaters steer clear of this unpleasant experience.
4	Love the original owners. Use to go here every week but then stopped once they switched owners.....the food became so greasy. Not anymore!!!! The original owners are back and it's so yummy!!!! Made me and my hubby happy. Welcome back!
1	We used to love this place when it was Buon Gusto. It is our neighborhood bar/restaurant. The staff was amazing, along with great food.  The food is still great, however, when the "new" owner took over in October of 2013 and fired all of the previous staff, the new staff is terrible.  We have been in 3 times since Picazzo's took over again...2 times we have encountered Josh in the bar area.  He seems to hate his job. Not sure where he came from, but he doesn't greet customers with a friendly vibe at all.  Both times with him serving, we sat with empty drinks for over 30 minutes. I practically had to beg him to even order a pizza.  Isn't that what customers come in to do?? Order food and drinks? We won't be coming in again, unfortunately, even though it is so convenient with great food.
1	My friend [who has celiac's disease] took me here for lunch.  I have a daughter who is gluten-free so I am always willing to try any place that serves gluten free, as I can sympathize with how difficult it is to find decent food to accomodate this food allergy. This however, was not decent, it was downright gross.First let me say that it is VERY expensive.  I had a lunch special:  1 slice of pizza, a caesar salad, and water - $9.50.  She had a pasta lunch special:  gluten free pasta and a side salad:  $13.50.  Holy cow.The pizza slice was not gluten free and it tasted awful anyway.  It's really hard to screw up regular pizza crust [because it has literally like 4 ingredients], but the crust had an odd flavor to it.  The pizza was covered in greasy cheese, and the sauce tasted like it was loaded with sugar.  The salad was equally disappointing:  the lettuce had brown edges [aka OLD] and was drenched in nothing that resembled a classic caesar dressing.  The service was ok to average.  It took the waitress at least 15 minutes to process my credit card....This is honestly probably one of the worst restaurants I have been to in a while.
1	Well, let me just say I really love this food, but now when I have to wait 45 minutes for it. Their "pasta machine" broke. GREAT.
5	great gluten free place. And I finally got to eat garlic bread again!
5	Their chicken wings are excellent and rival, if not exceed, the chicken wings of restaurants that tout themselves as "wing places".  Not only that, they bake their wings.  Try the buffalo maple wings.  They have just enough heat to go along with the sweet.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Arizona. They have the best salads and delicious pizza. I especially impressed with the quality of food- organic and gluten free. They changed names for a while but kept a very similar menu . I'm delighted to have Picazzo's back in the neighborhood.
1	asked for salsa on side...waiter said it comes on side. he forgot to mention it is the sauce on the slice. had to give my bfast away. went away hungry
4	My daughter who has Celiac Disease and I really enjoyed Picazzo's today.  She enjoyed the chicken wings, BBQ maple flavor.  We shared the full Berry-licious salad with chicken, which we both loved.  Like a few others mentioned it is a bit pricey.  We had good service depite it being busy for a Sunday lunch.
2	I was so excited to be in the neighborhood and drop in here. It's been a while since we've been there, but always loved it. Tonight, I walked in and caught the end of happy hour. Decided to order a glass of wine (excellent) and the garlic bread, since I thought my daughter would like it. The drinks came out quick...then...the "rush" hit, and .the wait game begin. After seemingly like forever, our appetizer came out, but only not the garlic bread but the warm brie. I should have taken that as providence and kept it...but...didn't. Much later, the garlic bread came out. Honestly, it was so not worth the wait. it was for the most part totally unmemorable. It needed more garlic or some flavor. Waited. Waited. Waited. Finally our dinner came out. My pizza was just short of cold, on the luke warm side, so i'm guessing that it had been in the window for a while. My daughter's pizza was super steaming hot. She did the kids Hawaiian, and that was pretty tasty. Mine had a good taste, but cold pizza just wasn't overly appealing. Saw our waiter several times, but never seemed to be able to get his attention, so the wait game begin. I finally asked on of the other servers if i could get our bill. I'm really hoping that I caught them on an off-night. I love having something organic and gluten free, and I'm even willing to pay more for it. i just wish that the taste and service were like they were the last time I was there (believe was Buon Gusto then).
5	Simply superb. Amazing food, great customer service. The place is very nice in and out, bathrooms are top notch as well. Prices are extremely reasonable considering everything is organic.Only thing I did not like is when the hostess brought the food she had her thumb close to it, the way she was holding the plate. She should have had gloves on.
4	I ended up here unplanned as we were driving around the neighborhood with 30 minutes to spare before attending an open house event. Not many places are open at 11:30am on a sunday morning that you can get a quick bite but luckily for us, Picazzo's came to our rescue.This restaurant wasn't at all what I expected. It turned out the Picazzo's is a super healthy Italian place with lots of salads and an extensive juice bar. I recently got onto the juicing kick and opted for the Green Machine juice. It could have used more apple to sweeten it but it was fresh and delicious.As I said, we only had 30 minutes so the waitress recommended salads for us. I chose the kale salad and immediately I knew it was going to be a good one. The kale was the darkest kale I have ever seen and super frilly (maybe this is a special type of kale that isn't available at Whole Foods?). The greens were dressed with a lemony dressing and sprinkled with almonds. It was delicious and super good for you. My husband had a cranberry salad which he also enjoyed. You can get kale substituted in any salad free of charge as an investment in your health.I loved the super healthy selection of food, not that I don't like my greasy deep fried food either. But if you need to get your vegetables in and are craving some extra fiber in your diet, please go to Picazzos.
5	I absolutely love this place and desire to eat every meal I can hear because it is so healthy and the juice bar is phenomenal.!.
5	Want gluten free pizza with out compromising the taste? This is the place to go to! I don't have a gluten alergy but my mom does so we are happy to find a whole restaurant that she can order anything off the menu. For myself, I am happy that it tast just as good as food that I'm used to eating too. Today my family and I tried the pepperoni pizza, vegetable pizza and the kale ceaser salad and all was tasty and delish! We also had the gluten free warm chocolate chip cookie and it was so soft and tasty too.
2	Me and my daughter (toddler) went here yesterday for lunch, another friend of mine came. We waited for someone to approach for about 5-10mins. No one came. So I went to the Juice Bar and asked the lady if we could just find our own table. She said, oh no , Ill take you and apologized. So we sat down, I had to ask for the kids menu, and a high chair..obviously, if you're  going to seat us and you see that there's a toddler, you're supposed to automatically assume that we need a kids menu and highchair or booster or at least ask if we need one. So she came back w the kids menu and highchair, the kids menu at most restaurants consist of a coloring paper and a set of crayons. So yes it was a coloring paper/menu..but no crayons, so I asked the server we didnt get a crayon. she said , oh no we dont have any...i said oh u ran out of crayons? and she said, no we dont give out crayons...  i was like , huh? OKAY... so my daughter who's 2 yr old got the coloring paper but no crayon good thing she didnt throw a fit, she just kept saying color color color.... so I just handed her my smart phone so she can play and keep her busy before she screams.... Ugh... that right there was a sign that we should have left and not order... but i was craving for some chicken wings... and we were hungry..we ordered chicken wings, and 2 entrees . was hoping the customer service will get better, but no! The server didnt come back to refill my empty glass of water and my friend had to call the server to ask for refill on his green tea.  The server came finally to offer if we wanted dessert... and became nice and all smiley towards the end, of course, because thats when she handed the tab... Well she still got a decent amount of tip because thats just how we are. But I just hope that they improve their customer service skills. Its a healthy restaurant, therefore, the people that work there must show some positiveness and encouragement with a smile.. :) that is all i wanted to share. I hope that whoever reads this, if you are the management, please address this to your employees. Thank you.
3	I would love to give more stars as the food was amazing, but the service was excruciatingly slow. Enough so that I'm afraid I won't be back as I only get an hour for lunch and this was 90 mins. We tried everything to express to the server we were in a hurry, to no avail. I will definitely order to go, or maybe sit at the bar, but sadly can't count on enjoying a nice lunch on the patio.
1	It is a shame because they had such a good menu. We went there for breakfast. There were about 12 people in the restaurant and they had run out of menus. We were there for 20 minutes and all we got was coffee. It also seems as though they can't afford to turn on the air conditioner. Would be a great place to eat if the managers would understand customer service. We had to leave
5	I absolutely LOVE the juice bar! They use organic produce to make some healthy juices. I love the Beet Cazo (with spinach and parsley added). The prices might seem a bit high, but I'm not sure I could make my own juice on a daily basis for much less.
5	I went to a meetup.com called "Freaks at the Table" it's for people with food sensitivities and allergies.  I have a TON of stuff that I can't have.  It was so refreshing to find a place where there is a pretty big menu of stuff for me to choose from.  From the moment I walked it, it smelled amazing.  I wanted to order an appetizer, a pasta dish and a pizza...there was so much to choose from.  I ordered the Free-range chicken pesto pizza and it was DELICIOUS!  I'll definitely go back again, and again, and again!
3	I've been trying gluten free restaurants lately so this was a must.let's start with the decor, this place is super nice (not in the fancy/pretentious way, but in the casual, comfortable, cool way).The service was also pretty good and the prices are not that bad, I mean, not cheap at all, but manageable. We had the garlic bread, avocado delish pasta and build your own pizza. I know this is going to sound funny but the garlic bread was too garlicky lmao. The EVOO that came with it was pretty tasteful. The avocado delish pasta had also way too much garlic and the pasta lacked flavor. I was expecting more avocado (since that's the name of the dish) but there were just hints of it. If they ask my opinion, I would toss more avocado with a zest of lime juice and cayenne pepper to give the dish some personality.The pizza was the best part of the dinner (besides the company, of course). If you're not gluten free, the pizza might taste weird but still pretty good (I'm not GF, just in case you were wondering).For desert we ordered the apple cobbler but they were sold out so we ordered the cookie which was pretty good.I'll go back to try other dishes for sure.Cheers.PS I'm curious about the name. If they named the place after the painter, I'll feel compelled to say that he was Spaniard and it's spelled with two "S". Just saying.
2	Picazzo's ... where have you gone? You used to be one of my favorite places to visit but you have fallen from grace. Service was good and I appreciate that but the food was sub-par. My salad arrived with a variety of greens that were not listed on the menu and my server apologizing for the substitution. You might have asked me if I wanted kale... I did not. That's why I didn't order the kale salad. The lettuce was brown on the edges and the $1.50 I paid for a sliver of avocado was ridiculous. I can't decide if I'll try you again or not.  I appreciate your nod to health, but meh...
3	I feel like I'd really be into this place if I had a gluten allergy.Unfortunately, I love gluten.  It's the best.  So tasty.I some fig pizza I believe, and it was tasty.  However, for some reason it wasn't so tasty that I could see myself going out of my way to come back here.Their pizza cookie was not as good as Oregano's.
5	I LOVE Picazzo's!Everything I've gotten here is really great and they have TONS of options for people avoiding gluten, dairy, and even soy!
4	Our waitress was cute. I really have nothing else to say about the place. It's organic and what not. Which is cool. Ya know, if you're into that. Personally, I wish there were more hormones in my food. What happened to the America that I used to know and love?
3	Great yummy gluten free good! Meh service, the server couldn't be bothered to refill my water, with only two other customers. I HATE when my water doesn't get refilled :(
5	Met a friend for dinner, although we weren't that hungry we split 2 appetizers and a salad.  The garlic bread was OK, but probably won't order that again, not for me.  Also had the Aritsan Bruschetta, (1) mascarpone, mozzerella, dates, carmelized onion and roasted walnuts - yum.  We also split a gargonzola salad, that was excellent.  Service was great, ambiance was nice and will continue to eat there.
4	I was excited to see that picazzo's was coming back to Tempe.  It changed names/owners for awhile and now it's back.  They offer organic, gluten free, fresh Italian food.They have a good happy hour and 1/2 off a bottle of wine on Wednesday!  The dinner menu is a little pricey, however you're paying for quality.  They have a great lunch special which is very reasonable!  The food is made quick and you're getting a generous portion of food!  Recommendation trying:Kale CaesarHot Artichoke DipBrie and roasted pepperDiavola pizzaThe vortex pizzaI haven't tried the desserts, but I heard the pizza cookie is a good choice!
4	What a great gem of a restaurant. I was in the area for a conference so met a friend for dinner. Glutten free Garlic bread, Hmmmm? Gluten free bread is pretty nasty so I was skeptical. It was Delish! The Bruschetta was yummy and we split a wonderful salad. Our server was magnificent too. I wish they had a location closer to me. Oh yeah, they have a nice bar too. Thanks Piccazzo's.
5	Best gluten free vegetarian pizza we have ever had.  Appetizers are the BOMB! Entire staff  has been polite and friendly every time we have been there. Prices are right on. Not one thing bad about this place.  Highly recommended.
5	I love Picazzo's!!! If you are gluten sensitive or not this is the best restaurant- give it a try you won't be disappointed.
2	Food was ok.  I ordered the scampi no taste,  all I could taste was the oil & the 4 shrimps that came with it.  Portions are small.
5	Amazing food and drinks! Great service! It was wonderful food, and happy hour until 6pm.
2	I too was excited I found Picazzo's on my GF phone app!! Showed up shortly after they opened and ordered GF pizza slices. The pizza slices were barely warm as if they were sitting in a warmer. We ordered pepperoni/mushroom pizza and the toppings WERE not cooked enough. The side salad, ew! I guess it's too much to ask for a freshly prepared HOT GF organic pizza slice. NOT GOOD for the price!!
5	This restaurant is amazing! I love that they have options for people who aren't gluten free or vegan as well as those who are. The fig Gorgonzola pizza is delicious and so is the new spicy Thai red coconut curry pizza. This is a great place to go for lunch or with friends for dinner. They also have a juice bar and many of their ingredients are local.
4	We created our own vegan pizza which came out really delicious. We were not charged extra for switching out the dairy cheese for non-dairy which I find just mean when restaurants do that and the ingredients were fresh tasting. Sadly we couldn't get the multigrain crust because it wasn't vegan, but the vegan one (we did not get gluten free) was still really good. Ordering was a bit of a hassle because our waiter said he'd come back when we were halfway through ordering, because we were taking too long I guess. He went and took someone else's order then walked a way for a bit longer than we would have thought necessary, especially since we had started ordering first. Kind of strange. We had questions and needed to figure out or order based on his answers. Otherwise a good meal.
4	We have enjoyed eating at Picazzo's several times.  Last Saturday we went in and were welcomed,seated,ordered and served in a timely and courteous manner. We had the Puttanesca pizza and it was tasty; nice crust and not "loaded" with too much stuff on top (really just the right amount).  This was a no-meat pizza, but who knew it could be so good? We tried three different salads, the standard Caesar and a couple of salads that you could upgrade for a couple of dollars. All was delicious and we left very satisfied with our experience, as usual.Our waiter kept our iced tea glasses full on this hot day!
1	This is the kind of place that has me decided to not eat out anymore.  I didn't feel so well after eating there.  I also noticed that their highly advertised "Queen Creek olive oil" didn't really taste like it (that's the oil I use at home.  So I asked if they use ONLY 100% QC olive oil.  "Oh yeah, I think so".  Well after grilling various workers 3x the waitress went in the back.  She came out and said they use the olive oil in a "blend".  It is blended with canola oil.  NOT organic canola oil, either.  Now, canola oil (aka rapeseed) is the MOST heavily sprayed with pesticides crop there is.  It is also likely to be GMO unless it's organic.  This leaves me to wonder what other cost corners they're cutting, and telling little white lies about..  I won't be back.
2	I'm not quite sure what is happening to Picazzo's.  I've been going to the Sedona and the Scottsdale locations for many years and have enjoyed their food immensely so when the Tempe location opened, I was so happy.  well I tried them and it's just not the same. I tried their salads and the lettuce was browned and wilted. I tried their pizza and it was soaking in oil I couldn't even pick it up with my hand because it was falling apart it was so greasy. The waiters and managers were very attentive and everybody was just super nice and constantly checking up on the guests, however the food was not good at all. I must say I am disappointed :(
5	My friend and I came here for lunch one day...  This place is amazing! Gluten free, vegan AND it tasted delicious.
4	If you like organic and vegan food - this is the place for you. My date enjoyed her vegan meal quite a bit. I chose, "Uncle Lou's Favorite" - I think that's what it was called. Any way it was advertised as Italian sausage, roasted peppers, gluten-free pasta and red sauce. The sausage tasted like clumps of sawdust; though the sauce was OK. I was told it was, "turkey sausage." Yeah, I don't remember seeing that clarified on the menu. Anyway - if you like Italian meat sausage seasoned traditionally DON'T order here.The ambiance was nice and the server was friendly. I would have ordered desert but they were short staffed and I couldn't wait any longer. (Had to get back to the hospital before visiting hours ended).I would return and try another dish.
4	I stopped in for lunch, along with my sister-in-law this afternoon.  We were pleasantly surprised that we could still order from the lunch specials and that bottles of wine are 1/2 price on Wednesday and Saturday.We started out with the spinach and artichoke appetizer.  How nice it is to have vegetables and pita for dipping.  Yummy!I had the salad and Cajun Chicken pasta.  I had kale added to my salad (at no extra charge!).  It was fresh and tasty.  The pasta was pleasantly spicy with a combination of vegetables and chicken.Our server, Peter D., was super friendly and efficient.I can't give five stars, since we didn't have room for dessert or drinks, but we will certainly rectify that on our next visit!
5	Incredible service, nice ambiance and excellent food. Had the veggie pasta and the avacado pasta dinners for lunch. Food couldn't have been more perfect. Pasta was al dente and spiced just right. Definitely one of the best!
3	Came here for lunch.  I had the lunch combo with salad, drink and lasagna.  The salad was good (strawberries spinach balsamic walnuts).  The lasagna was mostly cheese and sauce.  It wasn't really lasagna.  They have a lot of gluten free options if you have allergies.  My group enjoyed their meals (curry pastas)  and desserts.  I missed out on dessert.
1	My pizza was good, but I bit down on something hard and lost my front tooth!  Looked like a small chicken bone. The manager kept it for their insurance, who I called, and sent them my $2,400. dental bill for a new tooth. Their insurance did NOTHING about it. VERY disappointed.  A big waste of time and money. I'll never eat here again.
4	Gluten-intolerant friends... there is hope!  Almost the entire menu here is gluten-free, save for a selection of pizzas.  Other common dietary restrictions could be easily accommodated here too.  We started off with gluten-free cheesy garlic bread.  Not being of the gluten-free variety myself, I am not used to the taste of those bread products and I couldn't get past how much different it tasted than I expected.  The rest of my table seemed to enjoy it though.For my entree, I ordered the Butternut Squash Ravioli in Creamy Gorgonzola... yumm!  I love the squash raviolis, and I tasted no hint of the gluten alternatives in the pasta.  The sauce was creamy and flavorful, and the whole situation was on top of a bed of spinach, which complimented nicely.  I am a huge fan! The hubs had Pasta Bianca and I only tried a bite, but it was also excellent.  Our server was good, though nothing to particularly write home about.  He didn't mind that we stayed to chat for quite some time after settling our bill, mostly I'm sure because there were plenty of other open tables at the time.  It seems like the lighting was a bit dim if I remember correctly, but the ambiance was a nice typical "restaurant"y feel.  We didn't notice the juice bar in the front until we were on the way out!It was a great meal, a good place for good conversation, and I left feeling stuffed and happy... just how it should be!
2	The appetizers are small potions but have flavor. The pasta was interesting and seasoned well. The service was horrible, bring your own food for snacks while you are waiting for your waiter.
5	I absolutely love and appreciate this place! I was overwhelmed and surprised by all the gluten free options. From pasta to pizza to soup to cheesy bread! There is a satisfying amount of choices. I chose the pasta Bianca and was not disappointed! The portions are smaller- just enough to finish in one sitting and my plate was around $14. The staff is very friendly, and they use all locally grown organic vegetables. I definitely recommend Picazzo's!
2	I came here alone for lunch on a weekend,I sat outside and I received no service.However the food is amazing!The three stars are only for the food.I have come here many times I usually get good service because we are as a group maybe a single customer is not worth the effort.
4	Happy Hour prices aren't really that great but in general we have always enjoyed our meals and good service.
5	The ambience and location give it 5 stars alone. What a place. Great healthy food and wonderful service. Outside patio is nice and the Japanese restaurant by it is amazing if this place fills up.
3	"It's not you, it's me."If you're into organic and gluten free food, you'll love it here. If not, it'll seem a bit overpriced. It's not their fault, I just think that you have to already be into that kind of stuff to really appreciate it. The staff was really friendly, the food was good and the place was clean. It didn't blow me away, but that's me--not them.
4	I went here for lunch.  The service was very quick and friendly.  I had the Spicy Indian Curry Chicken with Fresh Linguine.  I'm normally not a big fan of Gluten-free food, but this dish was quite good, lots of favor, and quite tasty overall.  I also had a Caesar Salad which was very fresh and crisp.  For Gluten-free folks I'd definitely put this on your list as a great place to eat!  For the rest of us, it's still a very good place with fresh, good tasting, quality food!  I also appreciate the quick service at lunch so you aren't there for a long time on your lunch break.
5	Favorite for years. Still make it a point to come back when I visit Phoenix for a slice of puttanesca.
5	I had an amazing meal with my family here, and it was all gluten free! We started with garlic cheese bread and Artichoke/Spinach dip appetizers. Our dinners were all gluten free and DELICIOUS! We had butternut squash, creamy gorgonzola and pesto raviolis. We had the cobbler for desert; which was delicious too! We can't wait to go back. :)
3	I can see why this location has lower ratings than the one in Sedona; on my recent visit to the Sedona location, my experience was nothing less than perfect. The same cannot be said for the Tempe location.We sat at the bar because there was a 15 to 20 minute wait for a table, which makes sense on a Saturday night. That was the first mistake. The bartenders were much more occupied with making drinks than checking on the status of our food. While they were both very nice, they spent a lot of time talking to each other that probably could have been used more productively.Our food was taking a rather long time to come out, even for a Saturday, especially since we had ordered an appetizer. When we inquired into the status of said appetizer, the male bartender went to check and came back with ALL our food at once. It was clear the food had been sitting for some time, as our vegan chicken wings and the vegan chicken on my salad were not even remotely warm, and my mom's pizza was just barely warm.If the food had been delivered when it was first ready, it would have be absolutely delicious. No complaints there; kudos to the chefs and cooks in the kitchen! The bartenders, on the other hand, provided very poor service. My mom's drink, a berry mojito, was astonishingly bitter, and I love sour things. By the time we asked for to-go boxes, the two bartenders were so busy chatting with one another that the female one did not even bring all the containers I had requested, and I had to ask again.Generally speaking, it seems like the quality of food is just as high at this location as it is at the Sedona location which my boyfriend and I so loved. However, when I return, I definitely will not be sitting at the bar, even if I have to wait 20 minutes for a table.
