1	Don't plan to go here if it's anywhere near closing time.  They are open until 10pm and when I called at 9:30pm I was told by the receptionist Rebecca that if I arrived prior to 10pm and was signed in...my child would be seen by a doctor.  We arrived at 9:55pm and she told me that since 2 other people arrived just before me, I was not allowed to sign in.  She instructed us to go to the ER at the hospital!  My child had severe pneumonia and possibly needed oxygen and our information and x-rays were already in Cornerstone's computer system...and Rebecca still wouldn't let my child be seen?  I believe that all they care about is getting out of there as fast as possible...forget taking people before closing time.
5	My daughter was having some seriously disconcerting breathing issues with a cough at about 4:30 in the afternoon -- too late to see our regular pediatrician.  We called our office, they recommended Cornerstone and now we see why!  They were thorough and kind, relatively quick (it's urgent care, after all -- you kind of expect at least a little wait!) and ABSOLUTELY AMAZING with my 2-year-old!  We got through a pulse-ox machine,weight, temperature, chest x-ray and breathing treatment without a single tear or tantrum and it was right at dinner time when my daughter was hungry and tired.  They are amazing!
5	great place my daughter was sick we got there at 9:50 we didnt even call  they got us right in to see the doc she was very sweet my daughter loved her they had in and out so fast best doctors office experience i have had in a long time
3	Angela, the Nurse practitioner, was great.  baby had a gooky eye and we took her to this urgent care office to see if it was Pinkeye so it could be treated early on.  It was Friday and her regular Dr. was booked up.  Angela said there was no Pinkeye but she had pus in her ears and had a minor ear infection so she prescribed antibiotics, amoxicilon I think.  The only hitch was when the baby had her regular dr appointment the next week he said there was no infection so we were left to wonder who was right.
2	I have been here a couple of times before and it has been fine.  So for small minor things that just need a quick check and antibiotics, it's fine.  I went in bc I suspected my daughter was dehydrated from diarrhea but wasn't ready to pull my husband out of work and brave the ER bc my baby, although miserable, was not yet lethargic.  I wanted to have them confirm or deny my suspicians so I could go from there.   As usual the receptionist was nice and we were taken back promptly.  Then the Dr came in.  I have not seen her there before.  This woman makes sour look sweet.  She was probably 40's or 50's and was nasty the whole time.  She snapped at my 4 yr old that was with me bc she was simply trying to talk to her and be friendly, she also made me feel like a horrible mother to the point that I was bawling bc she told me I waited too long to get it taken care of (see later notes, she was wrong).  She finally left and sent a nurse in to take a blood sample.  The nurse was so sweet, but the sampling was a complete disaster.  There was blood everywhere but in the vial after at least 10 min of trying.  She had to stop to wipe off her own hands and my screaming baby's hands several times bc there was so much blood everywhere.  She finally decided that it was enough and left.  I had blood all over my hands, my baby had blood all over her hands, there was even blood on the floor.  I actually cleaned all this up myself.  In the end there wasn't enough blood in the vial to do the test so I had to go to the ER anyway since I wasn't willing to let them do the test again.  So I spent a heartbreaking hour there with zero progress essentially.  It turned out at the ER that my baby was only mildly dehydrated so there was no need for that awful woman to make me feel like a bad mom, the ER probably would have turned me away if I had come in the day before bc she didn't need the IV yet.  Anyway so I fumed over this visit for a day and then called and left a message for the manager.  She called me back within a day and I recounted what happened.  She actually was very sweet, and was shocked and horrified at what happened.  She refunded my co-pay and assured me the nurse would get more training, and that she would talk to the owners.  In the end despite the horrible experience I think she did all she could.  I still think the Dr was awful, and they could have easily done the test on  a litmus type paper like they did at the hospital with almost no hassle at all so obviously that needs to change too.  The Dr's I have seen there in the past were all nice, so I don't know why what the deal is with this latest Dr.
1	I was sent here by my pediatrician when I thought my sons finger was broken & he was limping on his foot.  Christy came in and asked what was going on & I explained everything to her.  She left the room to order X-rays & said the tech would be in soon to get my son. Then Dr. Banerjee came in 2 mins later and was totally rude!! She told me my son wasn't limping & it was all in my head & his finger wasn't broken, but she'd X-ray it to prove it to me. She came in with no X-rays in her hand, said it was totally fine & he'd be swollen for 4-7 weeks, walked out & said we were ok to go. No walk out papers, nothing.  I will never go back there & I will let my ped know to not send patients here anymore!!
5	We have been here several times w/ our boys and been very well-taken care of. Today we have Dr Mousser and he is fantastic w/ kids. Making both laugh, even though only 1 is sick. I am so glad there are pediatric urgent cares around, and this one so far is excellent.
5	I have taken my kids here many times and have never had a experience that was anything other then excellent. PROS:  * I have never had to wait more then 10-15 minutes for my child to be seen. * Usually were in & out within 30 minutes. * The staff is very nice & have always treated us with respect. * The doctors actually listen & care about their patients. * The place is fairly clean both in waiting & treatment/exam room. * It's conveniently located. CONS:  * They don't stay open late.  * The exam rooms could be better decorated for, anything would be an improvement.  So you can see that the cons are very few and meaningless. I highly recommend All Kids Urgent Care (previously named Cornerstone Pediatrics) to any family with a sick child!!
5	Caring doctors and usually in and out quickly. The receptionist, doctors , and nurses are always smiling and so nice. Highly recommend.
1	We have frequented this establishment even before when it was Cornerstone Pediatric Urgent Care. It is near our house and very convenient when our doctor isn't available. I have ever had a bad experience since this last time. My daughter developed a lump on her throat and I became very concerned. This is the urgent care my doctos office refers to so obviously I rushed there. The nurse that brought us back was not welcoming to me our my 4 year old daughter by any means which was such a surprise to me. The staff has always been so welcoming, kind and patient with us.  We were seen very quickly by a doctor that was overly baby talking my very well spoken 4 year old. After the examination she told us my vaccinated daughter had mumps! She had another colleague come in and examine my daughter. Afterwards I could hear them arguing about the prognosis. We left with no tests and no real answers to what could be going on with my child. The diagnosis didn't sit right with me so I called my doctors and they told me to go to a different urgent care and told me that she called this establishment and in not exact words "chewed out" the doctor that gave this diagnosis. My daughter has been in 2 urgent cares and and ER in the last 48 hours because of the ignorance of one doctor. She should be paying my medical bills. I used to recommend this Urgent Care to all my friends and now I'm not sure what happened here in the name change and take over but this momma is not happy!!!!
1	I was instructed to take my 7 week old son here when my pediatrician was unable to see him. My son had been throwing up and refusing to eat. I grabbed my id and insurance card, the baby and car keys and out the door I went. When I arrived the receptionist was reading a book, didn't look up yet managed to mutter has he been seen before? I said no an was instructed to sign in and take a form (there was a slew of clipboards with new patient paperwork on the counter). We filled out the paper work and was told there was a copay. We don't have a copay... She insisted it was 20. After telling her I don't have my card she set her book down and very annoyed told me to take my son to the er than because they weren't going to see him. I should he known that an urgent care in a strip wall was a bad idea. Next time I'll make sure to go to an actual urgent care where they care about my newborn.
4	We have been twice in the last couple of months, different kids, different issues. The staff was friendly and responded to our issues accordingly. When I brought in a child with low O2 levels, all the examination rooms were full. But, the dr saw us immediately after finding out. Diagnosis was spot on. We also have had xrays done to make sure a toddler sized pinky wasn't broken. The waiting room is a bit drab, the crowd is mixed, and you'll see people in their pajamas. But, it is worth the 25min drive, passing urgent cares in the way, to see a pediatrician.
