1	Soulless, This is my second review of this place in as many weeks because I wanted to go back and see how consistent the food and the service were from my first trip.God, have things changed.My first review was glowing; I gave it four stars. Now, Soul Food Cafe barely earns one; here's why:At my last visit, the meatloaf was among the best I've had anywhere in the country. You could savor the quality of the beef on your tongue as the meat mixed with the fat as it mixed with the spices as those mixed with the rich, dark gravy. It was that good. The gravy was the gold-plating on the dish. Most everything else that I or my girlfriend had was either very good or great (read first review below).This time, however, the meatloaf was dry, hard almost like a roofing tile (I swear, I almost refused to pay for it) and came with no gravy (although I specifically asked for it). The black eyed peas tasted like a salt lick, and the rice and gravy was a warm, tasteless paste like the kind they'd serve us in elementary school. Gross.The tea tasted like it came from a powder, the potato salad tasted old and I swear the chocolate cake this time could have come from a grocery store.I'm not trying to slam these people. My first visit was incredible. In fact, I was psyched that Vegas finally had a great soul food restaurant. But in a matter of days this place has gone downhill. It tastes like what you'd get at some cafeteria that caters to folks in their 80s, where everything is stale, old and bland.I'll give this place one more shot, but it'll be months before I do. These people had such a great start. They need to get it together before they lose more customers.Read original review below:Simmering in SoulI wanted to marry the meatloaf. Right there on the spot, in front of the chef and everybody. I had only been there 10 minutes.Truth is, I didn't know what to expect from Soul Food Cafe, the newest such joint in the valley. My girlfriend and I have almost always been disappointed by the lesser-quality soul food spots in town, so we didn't have high hopes.But two bites into the meatloaf (in the picture I took here), and I felt like I was back home in the South, where we're steeped in gravy and simmered in iced tea.This place is the first soul food restaurant here where the high-quality ingredients match the ability of the chefs to churn out the kind of soul food that tastes like it's right out of your mama's kitchen.I think I'm on record about how great the meatloaf was - perfectly seasoned with a slight crust swaddling the thick, warm slices of soul on a plate. The mustard potato salad is the best I've had anywhere in Vegas at any restaurant, but the mac and cheese was a little dry. The book-size slab of chocolate cake, however, more than made up for it.My girlfriend had a perfectly fried piece of catfish with a side of sweet potatoes she loved and a dish of greens that while cooked with either smoked turkey or ham (it was hard to tell) tasted, she said, "flat and needed soul." That's a serious deficiency for a soul food restaurant, but the rest of the food is good enough to make up for the lapse. I should add that she ate her banana pudding so fast I barely got a look at it, much less a taste. Lunches come with two sides; dinners come with three. All meals are also served with crispy, buttery cornbread cakes that are as good as any I've ever had anywhere in the country. That's not an overstatement.If, like us, you have a deep-seated love for soul food and have been disappointed by what's available in Vegas, you'll probably love Soul Food Cafe. They've only been open about a week, and they're obviously working out some kinks, but this is seriously good food at fair prices cooked by a staff who know what they're doing and have the skill to satisfy your hankerings. Oh, the wait staff is also very good: attentive, friendly, efficient. Give Soul Food Cafe a shot. I know we'll be back soon.
4	I went here the first week they opened and it was great! I had the fried chicken meal with Mac and Cheese and Fried Okra as my sides and one of the delicious Kool-Aid drinks on the side. The fried chicken is really good. The outer crust is flaky and light the meat is fresh and hot. The mac is cheese is pretty good as well. not the best I've ever tasted, but definitely not the worst. The fried Okra was excellent! The only negative things I can mention are the the wait times and the portions. I know soul food can take a while but when you've only got a one hour lunch break you can just hear the time ticking away as you wait 30 minutes for your food. In addition, the servings were bigger when they first opened, it seems they've cut back for whatever reason on the sizes...maybe to save money? Who knows. But when one of my coworkers receives half a piece of catfish in her combo....well nothing good can come from that.All in all it's great to have a soul food restaurant on this side of town with a friendly staff.
2	good and worth tryingi would recommend
4	i will def. be going back!  went here for breakfast and cant wait to try the rest of the menu.  great size portions for a great price.  my breakfast (corn beef hash, eggs, toast, potatoes was YUMMY!) my husband said the waffles were awesome!  my one year old daughter ate all her grits.  friendly service and a very clean restaurant.  cant wait to go back...
4	By no means am I a soul food expert but if the dish is fried, covered in gravy or sauce or all the above then COUNT ME IN.It was pretty busy when we walked in on a Tuesday night.  They had the soul classics blaring through the speakers while the Lakers were on TV with their new lineup was tanking it against the Mavericks.  So far, so good!Their menu offered all the soul offerings you would expect like fried chicken, ribs, fried catfish and all the usual suspects for sides.  My wife opted for the smothered chicken ($14) which was fried chicken drenched in gravy.  That was excellent.  The gravy was really good but we would consider ordering fried chicken with a side of gravy so we could enjoy the crisp of the chicken which was nonexistent post smothering.  I opted for the turkey wings ($14) which consisted of 2 big assed baked turkey wings smothered in gravy.  Even though the gravy was the same for both, they tasted quite different based on the preparation of the meat.  You get 3 sides per entree unless you get chicken and waffles.  3 sides is more than enough and all the ones we tried were on point.  That included collard greens in some amazing sauce, delectably sweet sweet potatoes, red rice and beans with great sausage flavor and the mac+cheese.  The cornbread they gave was in pancake form and went terrific with syrup.No free refills on drinks and they charge $1.50 for water so you might as well get sweet tea, Kool Aid or lemonade for $2.Breakfast menu also looked damn good.  I'd like to try that out sometime too.
3	Roomie and I were quite excited about the fact that a soul food restaurant opened up within walking distance of the house. We were even more excited about the fact that it delivers. He ordered the chicken and waffles ($9) and I ordered the fried chicken with sides of macaroni and cheese, hush puppies, and corn ($14). The ordered was delivered in 45 minutes. The chicken and waffles were good enough to satisfy the craving. The waffles seemed too similar to an Eggo waffle for me to give much praise too. My order of fried chicken as well as the fried chicken topping the waffle lacked any flavor and was overcooked. The skin and batter was a dark brown color and was slightly bitter. The macaroni and hush puppies were mediocre and the corn was straight out of a can. All in all, not terrible, but for the price, I probably will not eat there again.
5	I've had the chicken and waffles and the cat fish. Both are delicious. Start off with cornbread pancakes! Awesome
4	A little soul goes a long way, and at Soul Food Cafe they have plenty to go around.  This quaint eatery has a great menu and great service.  They cook to order, so everything is piping hot when it gets to the table.  Best of all, they have Kool Aid!  Woohoo!
3	Finally some southern food on this side of town! M&M was my go-to place for soul food but its actually too far from me. This place is a good substitution. Like the other people have said, the meat loaf is the thing to order here. One bite of this and you'll be transported to fluffy meat loaf smothered gravy heaven! (does it exist? YES!) Thing to stay away from were the ribs. I think there were only 3-4 ribs and they were covered in so much sauce it made it difficult to eat. The smothered chicken was quite good also with large pieces of chicken and lots of savory gravy. So why did I give this place 3 stars? Mainly because the portion size did not match the price. This is geared towards the ribs and the meat loaf. Even though they do come with sides, the main reason why I ordered the entree was to get the entree.... and not the sides.... so I expect a larger portion. Other than that, this is a good place for some good southern food.
5	Went to visit Soul Food Cafe recently after Thanksgiving, , The Cook really put that Down Home southern Soul Cooking into my meal and my family we each order something different and each meal was Delicious. From the Chicken&Waffles, to the Ribs,Catfish, and lets not forget the Gumbo!! Yum Yummy if your thirsty Please try the Most popular drink Sugar Daddy  punch this Drink it was sooo good! . To Soul Food Cafe I enjoyed the Food, The Atmosphere inside; To The Chef Mr. K To all those who are apart of Soul Food --You guys Rank number 1# in my bookAnd the Waitress Ms. Chris your service was awesome.... So to all that haven't tried Soul Food Search No More when you visit Las Vegas make that your stop for Breakfast, Lunch and or Dinner
5	I'm hooked! I visited this spot 3 times last week. I love me some grits n hot links for breakfast. I also ordered biscuits n gravy...omg!!! It was the best I've ever had. For dinner I had smothered porkchops that came with 3 sides. There was so much food that I ate only half and saved the other half for lunch the next day. So so good. The best part about this place (besides the food), is the location. Right by my house. So glad that that there's a soul food restaurant in the SW part of town. Oh, and the staff are the friendliest!
5	HOLY SHIT, MOTHER OF GOD, THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!  First off, I am planning to file a lawsuit against this place -- because they have MADE ME ADDICTED TO SOUL FOOD!!!!!   Second, if you can't hear me, that is because you might be deafened by the sound of how FRIGGING INCREDIBLE THIS PLACE IS.  Ok, maybe a little over the top, but it is well-deserved.  Everyone from my office strolled down here one day, figuring we might as well try a new local business.  The service was on the spot.  Your butt hits the chair and the cornbread gets slapped down in front of you.  You look at it... its a pancake.  You think, "ok, sure, I'll eat this while I wait."  Then, this corn goodness just explodes in your mouth.  Seriously, I could eat just the cornbread.  The first time I ate there, I had the Oxtail.  Then, that's what I had the next three times too, because it was sooooo good.  But, I figured that I should at least explore the menu a bit.  The chicken and waffles just might have to be on my short list if I am ever offered a "last meal."  The breading here is like nothing I have ever tasted before.  The liver and onions?  FORGET EVERYTHING YOU THINK YOU KNOW ABOUT LIVER AND ONIONS!  They are a spiritual experience.  Turkey leg!  Howl at the freakin moon and call me sally!  Whatever that means.... I have yet to eat anything here that didn't make me crave it the next day.  I HATE this place, as it has caused me to put 5 lbs on in the past month eating here.  I CANT STOP!  Yeah, its THAT good.  And, the food isn't the only great thing.  The people who work here are so nice, great service.  I guess if I had to say anything is not 100%, maybe the atmosphere?  But, that's only if you are looking for "atmosphere."  It is utilitarian.  Nothing fancy.  Frankly, I am glad for that.  It does not NEED any accoutrements, or padded booths, or anything else.   This is the kind of place that keeps you coming again and again with great food and great service.  I love, love, love this place.  Best thing to happen to the neighborhood!
4	Grabbed some lunch here while waiting for my car to be worked on at the Firestone near by. I had the fried catfish, fried okra, and rice on gravy. It was quite tasty. Fish was cooked nice and crisp. It was great with a little tartar sauce and their home made hotsauce. Loved the fried Okra.... tore that up. The rice and gravy was simple, but very good as well. I wasn't used to having corn bread in a mini pancake form, but it also tasted good. Nothing too special with the corn bread. I've had better corn bread with actual corn in it. Overall, I really liked the place. Friendly waitress, sports on the tv and not loud at all. I will have to try the rest of the menu when I am back in Vegas again.
4	Short version:Came here with my wife and son on a Saturday night, and the place was busy and understaffed. The food was excellent, though, and made up for the hit-or-miss service by the overworked-but-friendly waitress. Perfect if you're hankering for a deep fried, barbecued, or slathered-in-gravy food fix.Longer version:This unassuming place is nestled around the corner of the Albertsons shopping center at the SE corner of Rainbow and Warm Springs. Football played on both TV screens, and the small seating area was pretty crowded. The staff was friendly and inviting.We received:Cornbread- Their cornbread is cooked like pancakes and served as complimentary appetizers as well as with most entrees. Crispy, chewy, and buttery. Very nice.BBQ Ribs with Yams, Fried Okra, and Mac & Cheese- The ribs were fall-off-the-bone tender, and they were slathered in a thick, sweet sauce. Messy as all hell, until I realized they were so tender I could flake the meat off with a fork and eat it that way.- AMAZING yams, cooked with plenty of brown sugar, cinnamon, and butter. Most dinner entrees include 3 sides, and if I had known the yams were this good I would've ordered the yams as all 3. VERY sweet, so if that's not your thing, they may not be as good for you.- The fried okra was decent, although there were some messy burned up chunks of fries in with the okra.- The mac & cheese is thick and cheesy, although best eaten while it's still hot and the cheese hasn't started to solidify too much.Fried Catfish with Rice & Gravy, Mac & Cheese, and Hush Puppies- Coated in cornmeal breading, this entree includes 2 giant slabs of catfish. My wife ordered this, and claims it's some of the best fried catfish she's ever had in Vegas. I'm not a huge catfish person, so it seems quite good, but it's not really my thing.- The rice & gravy was good, although we asked for more gravy because it didn't seem like there was enough on it.- Because they were understaffed/overworked, they just kind of forgot about the hush puppies. They brought them later, but it was late enough that we just had them bring them to go.Kids Meal of Chicken Fingers and Fries- I'm not sure why they list them as chicken fingers, because what came out were chicken wings (which isn't listed on the kids menu). Good fried chicken wings, sure, but not what we were expecting.Peach Cobbler- We ordered the small serving, and yet it was more than enough for the table, consisting of a large bowl loaded with cobbler. Almost syrupy sweet, which can be both a good and bad thing. It was very tasty, although it might send you into a sugary food coma.Sugar Momma drink- Their version of an Arnold Palmer, using southern sweet tea instead of regular tea with the lemonade. DELICIOUS. Definitely ordering this again.Overall, the food was great and we had a positive experience. Hopefully the staffing thing was an aberration, because the food is good enough to warrant a visit.
4	I visited the Soul Food Cafe with my cousin last week. We loved the open kitchen and the friendly staff - we came in around 8:30 and didn't realize they closed at 9, but they still took our four orders (two to go, two dine-in) and let us stay and chat well past closing. The cornbread is quite unique and the butter made it slightly on the salty side. I ordered the lemonade and was completely unprepared for the sweetness I was to experience from the first sip. Crystal brought me half a glass of water to dilute it and that worked perfectly. The catfish was heavily deep fried, as to be expected, and it was so yummy. I could've eaten everything as its own entree, and that includes the potato salad, Mac and cheese and yams. I'm so glad we chose against SmashBurger that night. I'll definitely be coming back.
4	Its actually a surprise spot! my bf ordered fried chicken combo (figured is the signature item) .. i didnt want deep fried stuff so i had grilled oxtail combo w corn. The taste is actually pretty good, fried chix is not greasy at all yet has good flavor, oxtail cooked perfectly and come in good portion. There was a pancake like kinda cornbread came w it,  not really sure what that was but it was YUMMY!! will defly will go back again, finally at this restaurant location has something good LOL
4	3.75 stars.Good soul food restaurant on the SE corner of Rainbow & Warm Springs. Crowded and loud. I had the Hot Links Dinner and was impressed, best links I've had outside of Louisiana and not extremely hot but pleasantly hot. Had the yams (wow they are sweet but good), the mac & cheese (ok) and the corn (ok) + cornbread (little cornbread pancakes with butter, pretty darn good). Washed it down with the sweet tea (which wasn't overpoweringly sweet but decent). Roommate had the liver & onions this time (overcooked & dry) but she had had the fried chicken & fried catfish before and really enjoyed it. Service was efficient and very friendly.  Dining room was fairly loud, two football playoff games were on and the staff & customers were hooting & hollering but not so bad to be annoying. Good restaurant for that change of pace something different to eat.
3	Hit Soul Food Cafe a few months back.  This location previously housed a new pizza place every 6 months or so.  Pleased to see another cuisine is taking a chance at this location.walk in to order some food to go.  Place is blasting music which might annoy some but was fine with me.  Disappointed to read it will take at least 20 minutes if any fried food is ordered - i was kinda in da mood for fried Chicken ... next time.  I purposely look for menu items that i figure are easily prepared since i have limited time.I opt for the meatloaf and the smoked sausage lunch plates.  Sadly, it still took over 20 minutes to get my food.  I loved the sausage, the meatloaf ...ehhh.  For the life of me, i can't figure out why it took so long for the food.  there was ony one other customer and the meatloaf is pre-cooked.  The staff were very nice and i sense this place has potential but the food i opted for was average.I will definitely try again ( call in the fried chicken order ) and i'm hoping this place lasts longer than the prior occupants.
1	Food was bland and overpriced. Slow service too. What do you mean there is no sweet potatoe pie? Come on guys, if you're in the restaurant business you should never be out of something.
4	Finally! a soul food restaurant in my neck of the woods.I was impressed with the cornbread, catfish, and yams, not so much the chicken though. It's nice to get some good comfort food when you're surrounded by fast food all over the place... thank you for coming!
5	I was completely blown away from the first bite of cornbread from there I was hooked I had the catfish deep fried ocra and the greens it was awesome great flavor fresh hot and obviously home made with care and great service top it off with home made lemon cake that was the best I ever ate I will go back for sure everyone should try this awesome place
2	Hate to say this, but my food was awful.  Cornbread and gravy was very goodbut the smothered chicken was awful,  it was tough and dry.  The blackeyedpeas tasted like they were straight out of a can, no seasoning, had to keepadding salt and pepper to everything.  Plus they had no greens!!  Soul food place with no greens??   Had cabbage instead; it was horrible,swimming in water, no seasoning.  Potato salad was awful.I will give them a second chance. Hopefully it will better.
4	Finally, a soul food restaurant like home and I mean like Southern Illinois. Yum!  The service for our dinner was great, the food tasted like I remember from my childhood in  - spicy but tender greens, pan fried cornbread, and the hot links were spot on. Even better, actually - they made the bread like Texas toast.  Why didn't we think of that in Springfield (:  I'm going back and trying their breakfast - been a long time since I had grits.  The only thing - and it is good I suppose - I had hoped for greasy fried chicken and theirs is more healthy.  Would be nice to add some "heart attack" to the menu like they do downtown?  Anyway, I live nearby and will definitely  be a regular.
3	I tried this place out some time ago, and was pretty satisfied with what i ordered. It was breakfast time and the restaurant was within biking distance away from my girlfriends house. So I get on her bike and head out there for a soul food style breakfast. I ordered the corned beef hash with potatoes and a side of waffles. I totally enjoyed the breakfast. Corned beef hash must have been cooked with butter or something because it was pretty rich compared to other hashes i've had. their waffles tasted pretty good as well. Although I finished my whole breakfast, it wasn't a meal that totally stuck in my head. I'm sure they've changed a couple things since then, but i'm in no rush to re-try this place.
5	If you are craving for soul food, this is your place.  Good stuff, big portions and service with a smile.  The fried stuff are not greasy, the fried chicken meat is moist and the ribs are to die for.  Meaty goodness peeled clean off the bone.  The dinner prices are more expensive than lunch, and it comes with 2 large serving sides so it can be shared by 2 people.
4	The best soul food in Las Vegas.  Been here a couple of times. Friendly staff. Fabulous hot water corn bread and beans and rice. Red Snapper is tasty both grilled and fried. Three sides with your entree is more than generous. We will definitely be going back again!
2	I LOVE to cook! I was raised by a Black Southern grandma, so I can cook soul food.  But, sometimes, it is nice to get a break and let someone else do the work.  I'd recently read a nice review done by Heidi Knapp-Rinella for the RJ and was excited.  I took my family here tonight and it was just an okay experience.  The hotwater cornbread was the best i've had in a long time.  The hushpuppies, greens, waffles, and fries were great, too.  The chicken was nice and crispy, but like in so many places, the meat wasn't seasoned.  (I usually marinate my chicken overnight in a buttermilk brine prior to frying).  Our server, Patrice, was awesome, very friendly and attentive.  What ruined the experience for me?  I was checking out and when I'd informed the person that I didn't want to use my PIN but wanted to process the order as a credit, I was informed that I would have to pay a 3.5% surcharge.  EXCUSE ME?!! pay for using my own card?  And she had the audacity to reply, "well, it's not that much, only a few dollars."  SERIOUSLY? then why are you trying to pass on this cost to your customers?  For this reason alone, I will NEVER come back here.  What a crappy attitude!
4	Enjoyed it greatly!We had the smothered pork chops.  The corn bread was so good... left me wanting more!!Looking forward to a return trip! :)
1	It was really bad, but they could improve.
5	I ordered the smothered chicken with rice and gravy, yams and greens. Had the cornbread cake which was really good. I enjoyed everything about my meal. My husband ordered the fried snapper and was a satisfied customer as well. I recommend this place, but only if you really want some down home cooking!
3	Been here 3 times now and have enjoyed the food each time.  The service could be just a touch more friendly.The food is consistant however their sweet tea has been different each time.  My frist visit, the tea tasted fermented, kind of like malt liquor.  The 2nd time it was spot on which confirmed to me that they had not properly cleaned their dispenser or brewed fresh tea on the previous visit.  Today, the tea was WAY sweeter than usual.Something else that disturbs me is that on my last 2 visits, I used the restroom to wash my hands and the sink was bone dry both times.  This was around 1pm.  How is this possible unless nobody is washing their hands?  :(  Perhaps they have an employee only restroom?  Hell if I know but it concerns me so I doubt I will be going back.  What a shame.
4	their chicken and waffles are legit.
2	This is really high priced soul food. Had meatloaf that was just okay, candied yams were sweet as others have mentioned but I have a vicious sweet tooth so they were good to me, the fried chicken was over fried and I had the worst tasting red beans and rice ever (just disgusting). For really good soul food I go to M & M's personally and the prices are better.
3	Yummy food and a friendly staff. I had the BBQ chicken with white meat and it was a huge dish. The BBQ sauce is very unique. I would definitely go back. There are other dishes I am curious about and I would love to try the peach cobbler.
4	Just had the catfish, greens and corn bread. Reminded me of what I would eat as a kid in Harlem. That's some good food. I'll be back.
5	Fall off the bone good.
2	Gave them three chances. First, was at workplace, our potluck we ordered catered service, and flavor and quality was terrible. Second, ate a lunch meal, fried chicken with greens, mac, and bread. Food actually tasted okay, but if I'm paying nearly 20 bucks, i better be full... i was still hungry. The barbers next door won't even fully endorse them, while getting haircut, the conversation was not favorable for Soul Food Cafe. Third (attempted) chance, I was ordering catfish A la carte, uh... Turns out there isn't an a la carte option for anything. I asked for cater menu, because that usually has bulk or a la carte style orders, but cater menu was basically in store menu xeroxed on paper. Awful service, no a la carte on menu, very disorganized.
1	I have been to this place many times and its a hit and miss I always order the chitterlings and sometimes they are amazing and then I get them sometimes and they taste watery like they didn't put one lick of seasoning in the pot. This last time I ordered out and not only did I get watery chitterlings I got hard yams.
1	The worst food ever. the collard greens were bitter.  I ordered BBQ ribs.  I got something that looked more like rib lets sloped in nasty BBQ sauce.. I also got potato salad, it looked more like mash potatoes and tasted awful.. Not to mention they did not put it in a separate container.  I got it hot and my collard green juice was sloped in there to.. oh and then my fried okra was so salty..  but  last but not least the pancake cornbread was really good.
5	Love, love this place! IAM hooked on the chicken and waffles, their corn bread, and the friendly staff. It is so refreshing to finally find a comfort food restaurant that provides value in a great atmosphere. On another note, IAM a bit of a bathroom snob (LOL, it's a reflection of the facilities value) and this restaurant gets a thumbs up from me ;-D
5	This is the place I've been looking for!  This place hits the mark. The food is EXACTLY like my grandmother's cooking and I feel like I'm at home eating here. Something about great comfort food that entices my serotonin levels naturally.  I can't wait to go back and try the fried fish!PROS: Macaroni & Cheese             Oxtails             Chitterlings (weekends only)             Candied yams - very sweet             Potato Salad -  excellent             Gravy              Cornbread cornbread cornbread!!!!!CONS:  So filling I couldn't try dessert              The portion of the chitterlings was small for $11.50*                *in all fairness, that has been the case everywhere I've ordered chitterlings. I'll be back.
5	Their yams!! I ordered the snapper with greens and cabbage and it was sooo good. Love love love everything about this place. Food was A+++!
4	The food is FANTASTIC! The corn bread is my favorite. The perfect amount of sweet and salty. The service is good, but not great. Food comes quickly and it's all fresh. I highly recommend this place.
5	Great food,  smothered chicken is the best. I haven't been to a place in a while where everything on the menu is good.  I don't eat soul food often.  But, this place really changes my choices.  It is now on the radar.
4	OMG!!! the BBQ RIBS are Amazing!!! the corn beard is the best I ever had the only thing I wish they had a one rib add on to the lunch special. a PLUS you can watch the Niners games there :)
1	I just called to place an order for delivery and the girl who picked up the phone answered Yes. Thought I dialed the wrong number and I say hello. She says hello w/an attitude like I'm bothering her! I say can I place an order for delivery? She says impolite, you're going to have to hold *crickets* Wth? she comes back w/you know what you want? you know what hold on? and puts me on hold again!!! Hung up and told my husband we will not be calling or coming back! Please have people that can answer the telephone and take orders professionally please #VeryDisappointed
5	Thank you Shila (the owner) for reaching out to me and trying to make things right after my previous review. When I called to place my order, the gal who answered sounded energetic and I was glad as I placed my order for delivery. My husband came home from an out of town job and we also have family from out of town so I ordered 3 dinners for delivery. I ordered the smoothered chicken, seafood platter and ox tail dinners. The truck that the food was delivered in was a nice advertisement of the restaurant. The food was awesome! We are Samoan and we have big appetites so the portions were very fullfilling.Thanks again to Shila and everyone at Soul Food Cafe for redeeming our faith in you. We will definately be back!!!
4	I went here with a group of my friends after we had a basketball game and we had a good time chilling here and eating. The restaurant is small, but not small to the point where they couldn't seat a party of 8. What I liked about the restaurant is that they have two TVs going on, one had the Sunday night football game (in which my Indianapolis Colts were playing, go Colts!) and one where they had 8 Mile playing. We sat down, got our waters, and ordered. I heard a lot about their cornbread previously and so I definitely wanted to try that. Little did I know that everybody that dines in (for dinner at least) gets cornbread! I was happy and when it was served... Man that was good cornbread! That was rated GAF right there. The orders will come out a little slow, especially if they have to fry your food, so expect a little day for that reason, but it comes our fresh and hot, so you can't really argue with that. I personally ordered the chicken and waffles and the waffle was my favorite part. The waffle has a cinnamon taste to it and it was crispy. The chicken was pretty good, but I personally have a hard time eating the wings, in which I opted for the three wings instead of the breast. I was a little confused as far as the service went because we never got refills and I didn't know if we should just go and get it ourselves since there was a fountain that we could all access, and so we just got the refills ourselves. My friend's brother got the kids chicken basket and that wasn't that great. It wasn't like the crispy breaded chicken fingers you would expect, it was this long strip of chicken and the outside was a little tough and the inside was kind of dry. For a young kid, or very many people in fact, they may not like that, so possibly opt for something else for kids. The dinner menu is also a bit pricier than the breakfast and lunch menu, but all dinner entrees, besides the chicken and waffles, comes with three sides.Overall, I had a nice time. I definitely would come back here, maybe not for dinner, but possibly breakfast or lunch, for I found those menus to be more worth its value.
1	Co-worker recommended it, so i stopped by and order chicken n waffle..I'm really disappointed and I'm not coming back here. first to pricey 1pc chicken n 1 lousy waffle for $10.50 to much.. It's OVERPRICED!!!! Then i have to wait for 30 min. For a chicken/waffe..UNBELIEVABLE!!!! Just go to IHOP better pancake n not to pricey!!!
5	The best Soul food hands down! I got the fried chicken wi th rice n gravy cabbage and mac n cheese..... that kill bill
5	We ate here for dinner tonight and it was AWESOME!! The 5 of us had the catfish, BBQ ribs, chicken&waffles, fried chicken, and kid's chicken strips. All of the food was delicious and in good sized portions. The cornbread is amazing!! The service here was excellent; the servers were super attentive and very friendly. We had a great dinner and we will definitely be back!
4	One of the better Las Vegas food delivery experiences I've had (and I lived here for 12 years previously).  We had:-- bbq chicken; 5 stars-- bbq ribs; 5 stars-- grilled pork chop; 4 starssides: corn bread pancake (ok), mac & cheese (ok), string beans (poor), fries (very good), black beans & rice (very good), fried okra (good) and cabbage (ok).$61 easily fed our group of 4 with leftovers to spare.  This was a winner.
2	The staff is friendly and attentive.  The place is spotless.  The corn pancakes that are served when you are seated are very good.  Most of the food is overcooked and dry.  The waffle with the chicken and waffles was horrible-thin, overcooked, funny taste.  The prices are exhorbitant, especially for a strip mall and the size of the portions.  Went once, won't return.
2	For a soul food place that prides itself on their fried chicken, i was severely dissapointed!  Who serves the breast piece deboned.  The bone provides the juicy juicy and all the flavor.  Instead i got an overcooked dry and inedible breast.  I was starving so i forced myself to eat it by washing it down with lots of hot sauce.I ordered the chicken dinner with 2 sides, collards and cabbage which were both good.  The cornbread pancake amuse was a nice starter as i waited 15 minutes for the chicken.  I certainly dont mind the wait but dont serve me a well done piece of chicken when i can pay a fraction and get better fried chicken at popeye's or churches.  i wont be back - yes it s possible they missed but you cant miss on fried chicken when that's one of your staples....it should be easy...like a layup for them...come on man!
5	I have been to this restaurant several times, and have always had awesome service and delicious food! The food prices are very reasonable,  and the tasty food keeps us going back.  We recently went for breakfast. ..wow!  Large portions of pancakes and biscuits n gravy!! I absolutely love the corn bread pancakes that come with each meal.  You need to try this delicious food!!!
2	The food here is a real hit it miss, I'm not much of a fan of soul food seeing how it's usually a big hype of generic tasting foods. I went in not with high hopes and to my amazement I was right the food was horrid. I decided to try the smothered steak with 2 sides(Mac+cheese bland)... This was one of the worst decisions of my life. The steak was in pieces and swimming in gravy making it look like I ordered soup with a side of beef jerky. The texture of the meat seemed nothing near fresh, it tasted as of it were made a week in advanced and consistently frozen and defrosted everyday for preparation on the days menu. I would never slam anyone's cooking like this but it seriously had the consistency of a schools lunch food prepared by microwave. Not palatable to any extent. The only thing that did bring me some enjoyment was the delectable corn bread pancake. I don't think I could bare to give this place another shot.
5	Great Value. We always have leftovers! This place is delicious! Always friendly!:)Always order the biscuits n gravy. The hot link and corn beef hash are delicious!
3	Finally tried this place, the food was good, I really enjoyed the cornbread. The price is a little high in my opinion for soul food. When I look at the whole experience food, atmosphere, quality I can't justify the price.   The service was good, very friendly. If they brought each dinner item down by 4-5 dollars I think they would do double business.
2	This place is way over priced. It would be one thing if it was actually worth the cost, but it just isn't. The food here is very subpar and bland. I've given this place several chances since it's right down the street from me, but this place is just not the business. Honestly, I'd rather eat Popeye's Chicken that's right down the street, and that's a shame! Some of the cashier girls are very cute and I think that's the only reason I went back lol. Well, pretty faces can't mask ugly food forever! Get it together over there Soul Food Cafe!
5	We decided we wanted some Soul food.  Checked out my fellow yelpers, because we didn't want to go to the places we've been before.  So we came across this place.  We were greeted as soon as we walked in, we were asked if it was for here or to go!   We picked up some menus and had a seat, the very nice young lady said she would be right with us.  We well just missed the lunch menu, that's about 1/2 the price of the dinner menu, but Ohhh well!  So I ordered the catfish special that's for us yepers It was a lot of fish!  Then I order the mac n chees.  It also came with some really good cornbread pancake.  My husband wanted Oxtails, but it was going to be a wait!  Think his 2nd choice was the short ribs.....well they were out of that also for the moment!  So he went with the meatloaf, greens, yams and blackeyed peas!   The meatloaf just mealted in my mouth!  I didn't taste anything else on his plate, but it was alot of food, and he brought 1/2 of his food home. My fish I ordered it extra crunchy, it was really good.  I was very satisfied with my meal.  The food came really fast too!  It wasn't even 5 min.  The young lady that waited on us was really friendly, she also told us the history of how this place got started.  And low and behold, he started this because he worked and another soul food place.  And it's better than the place he use to work at!  My husband can't wait to go back and try the oxtails and the short ribs.  Soooooooooooo, we will be back!
5	My man and I recently moved here from Los Angeles and were in search of a great soul food spot.  Saw this ad in weekly circular and decided to give it a try. It's a little distance from North Las Vegas but worth the drive. I had fried chicken wings, mac n cheese and greens. My man had smothered chicken, red beans & rice and yams. It was so good. We were stuffed. The service was great and the restaurant itself was nice and clean.  The personal photos on the wall give it a down home feel and we can't wait to go back!
5	One of the best Soul Food spots I've tried in Vegas! Been here a couple times.  Food is good and reasonably priced.
3	Have eaten their 4-5 times food is good most of the time but 3 of those times they screwed up the order and the last time the chicken was so overcooked and dry I couldn't finish it. Would be a great place if they put more effort into it. I might go back I might not. Honestly I think if they read this they would not care one way or another that's the vibe I got from them
5	The best fried chicken I have ever had. The service was excellent and everyone was super friendly. Cornbread that is so good it will make you cry. It's not much to look at but the food speaks for itself.
3	Came here for a quick meal since it is right around the corner from my house and my friend was craving some soul food. Honestly I'm not a huge fan of soul food but thought id give it a shot. She had the Chicken and waffles and I had the smothered chicken with corn and red beans and rice. To my surprise I enjoyed it more than I thought I would but considering how expensive it is I would rather spend my $17 elsewhere.  The chicken was cooked pretty good but I was dousing it in the side of hot sauce to give it a little flare. My favorite was the red beans and rice.The girl that took our order was really friendly and they actually got our food out to us quicker than they had originally told us which was a plus. I would go back again only if I'm with someone else that is craving this type of food... I would never choose this place in my own though.
1	The food was good, but the bad service really ruined the entire experience. If I go back it'll be to pick up my phone order since the establishment shows priority to those doing so.
3	We have picked up to go orders from Soul Food Cafe a few times and tonight was the first time we dined in.  It was pretty busy when we arrived at 5 pm on a Saturday, lots of people coming in and out picking up orders.  We sat down and was waited on by a very cheerful waitress.  Our drinks came out pretty quick, and then we waited...and waited...I noticed a lot of people coming in to pick up orders and they were also waiting for quite a while.  Seems they only have two people cooking in the open air kitchen and three people taking orders/waiting tables. Lots of confusion among the waitresses as there were a lot of people calling and picking up and there was quite a bit of wrong orders going out.We finally get our cornbread pancake first- warm, large and sweet, they were the size of a small plate and were fluffy and quite good.Next came our sides and a few minutes later our entrees. The sides were all very tasty, collard greens were not over cooked, potato salad was flavorful with what seems like relish, mac and cheese was good and yams were overly sweet (but the mister liked them).  I had the fried chicken, they were perfectly seasoned and the skin (my favorite part) was crispy. The mister had the smothered chicken and thoroughly enjoyed his meal.I also ordered a small order of chitterlings for $7 and it was horrendous.  I've had chitterlings once before in another soul food place in San Francisco and it wasn't bad so I wanted to try theirs.  Let me start by saying that I am an adventurous eater, I eat just about everything and anything.  I grew up eating innards (intestines, tripe, heart, kidneys, liver, pork/chicken/duck blood..I even LOVE balut!) so for me intestines is nothing new BUT good god, the chitterlings here were just awful..I took the first bite and nearly gagged.  I put some hot sauce on it and tried again, thinking maybe I just had a bad piece, nope, second bite was just as bad.  Two bites and that was enough for me, they just did not taste clean at all!If it wasn't for their fried chicken and great sides as a saving grace, this review would probably be pretty bad.  I wanted to try their oxtails too but the table next to us ordered it and the woman sent it back....I know some of the items on their menu is actually pretty good (chicken and fried fish) so I'll be back again and hope to update my review as I really like to support local mom and pop places.  Plus, they have Niner logos everywhere so you know I gotta give them props for that :)
5	My family and I truly enjoyed some "real" soul food. Thanks for bringing the experience to Las Vegas! We had catfish, chicken and waffles...as my kids say, "Ma this food is bomb!"
3	I was super excited to find a soul food place here in Las Vegas, just moving here from Atlanta, and being a huge soul food fan! I did my research on yelp and decided to give Soul Food Cafe a try! We were greeted by a very nice waitress and seated right away on a Sunday, so far so good! I ordered the Catfish lunch, comes with two sides and cornbread (cornbread is sooo yummy, prob the best part of the meal) I really wanted Collard Greens, my fav, but they were out so I ordered Cabbage and yams. My husband ordered Fried Chicken rice and gravy and Cabbage. We tried to order the ribs for our daughter off the kids menu, but they were out of ribs too :( So we ordered baked chicken for her.  After a pretty long wait we were told very apologetically that they were out of Cabbage also. At this point I did want to leave, or wish I would have known about them being out of food so early on a Sunday, I would have liked the option to try again another day...BUT after waiting about 1.5 hrs we stayed, and waitress said that she would comp two sides for us. We finally got our food, honestly the portion size was quite laughable (maybe Ive been spoiled down south?) On the plus, the food was pretty tasty but for the price/portion ratio and the wait I dont know  if I'll be going back? btw..we ordered the Sugar Momma : Sweet Tea/ Lemonade and the Sugar Daddy : Kool Aid and Lemonade..Really Good, but VERY sweet...drank all my sugar for the month ;) lol
4	very friendly. in town from DC was looking for some soul food. The food was BOMB. Took the bus there. Easy location to find. A must go place to eat id vactioning in vegas.
5	Went again! It was awesome...
4	Like their fried chicken! highly recommend! and they deliver.. Yum! especially if you are pregnant.
5	Loved everything...chicken, the ox tails were very tender, greens were good, Mac and cheese awesome, yams were a little too sweet, okra was good! I'll definitely be back! Prices typical of most soul food places..high but worth it
2	I do not like it at all I ordered the hotlink plate and it wasn't good but the yams was good but that's all I can say not even the french fries!! I don't think I will be back there but I had to try it out the place was very small
3	It was not worth driving clear across town.  I ordered smothered chicken, it was fried chicken with gravy poured on it, not what I was expecting.  The potato salad tasted like it was made from a box? The rice was overcooked and water logged. The lady that greeted me was nice.  Not a place I would go back to.  Just because they have celebrities on the wall doesn't constitute greatness. The cornbread pancakes were a nice starter. ill give them that.
3	i tried this a few months ago. food was okay but the banana pudding sucks....
4	I was in Las Vegas, vacationing stopped into Soul Food Cafe Loved the food.. Best cobbler I have tasted in years hats off  to the chefs! Great customer service,friendly family atmosphere. Recommend the fried chicken very well seasoned.. Top it off with a bowl of cobbler  you won't be disappointed.
3	I was in the mood for something new and decided to try this place out.i was a bit shocked at the pricing so I decided to just try a few of the side dishes.i ended up ordering three.fried okra,rice and gravy, and collard greens.that came with the cornbread.which was my favorite part of the meal.it was unique and something I've never tasted before.okra and rice were awesome too!the only reason I'm giving 3 stars was because I had asked the waitress if the greens were salty and she said not not reallyJust a little bit.when I took my first bite I was  happy then the second and third bites I started tasting and overwhelming amount of salt, to the point whereI couldn't eat it anymore.which was kindaSucky since I had asked if it was salty or not.but in the end the waitress was niceAnd the rest of the good was really tastey so I will definitely be back to try out some more items!especially since I now know they are from the Bay Area!!!!Go Niners!San Jose Born and raised!
5	Great food at a decent price! !! Drove in to Las Vegas for the week. Came to Cafe for breakfast. Food was great. Family was satisfied.
2	Don't believe the hype! I came to see what all the hype was about. Disappointed over the customer service, and the cleanliness of the place. My feet kept sticking to the floor . The dinner plate was highly over priced. For 17 dollars I'm expecting a bigger portions than Roscoes, but nope. The food is in a typical to-go container, and they don't fill it up. The red snapper was bland as well as the mac & cheese. They're hella stingy with the hot sauce, FYI. I'd definitely suggest the Gritz Cafe over this place any day.
3	The food was good! A little salty for me, but very appetizing. Mac n cheese was dry and bland, and the red been and rice was salty. I loved the cornbread! My grandmother would make pancake style cornbread all the time, delish! The gravy was a lil thick on my turkey wings , but the greens and potatoe salad was good. The customer service was phenomenal! Please cut back on the salt tho! Thanks!
1	My husband and I went here today looking to try some good soul food. With some good reviews we thought it would be a good place to eat. Upon walking in, the restaurant was messy... didn't look like much. After sitting down we look at a menu and about had a heart attack... the cheapest dinner on there was $15!!!! Sooo not worth it! We both ordered fried chicken. I had string beans... wayy to salty... all I could taste was the Lawry's seasoned salt, which was overwhelming. We both had the macaroni and cheese... not very good at all either. It was bland not much too it, wasn't the cheesy goodness I was looking for. We also both had french fries... they were gross too. They were cooked in the same old grease that everything else was cooked in... including the fish. They were soft and just horrible tasting. My husband had the rice and gravy... iI thought it was mashed potatoes and gravy. The rice was lumpy and was nasty. How hard is it to cook white rice. The gravy on the other hand was good, he says the only good thing about the experience. We both had the fried chicken that was bland and you could taste fish and old grease... The cornbread was alright, just needed to be served with some butter... it was a little burnt as well. I AM WHITE AND COOK BETTER SOUL FOOD THAN THIS PLACE! We will definitely not be coming back here. The food we cook at home tastes a lot better than this place.
2	This wasnt great at all. Fried chicken was VERY DRY and hard to eat my husband had the catfish and wasnt impressed at all. The greens however were very good but wont be going back for that alone. Ella Ems in North vegas is MUCH better.
5	Excellent everything! Catfish, hushpuppies and cornbread are my top favorites. Dont listen to overly critical reviews. This is a clean and laid back place with simply good food. You can see every move the staff makes from the dining area.
5	Ok... First off this is some of the best soul food I had at a restaurant in a long time...We took a cab to get here it's 60.00 for the cab ride roundtrip and 40.00 for the meal, and it was worth it.If you don't like this food, you aren't hood, plain and simple, If your grandma made it, it's here, and they do it right.I ordered the red snapper, red beans and rice, Mac and cheese, and greens..Off the chain all around the board..And they got Kool Aide y'all..I'm saying.  If you know you know, If you don't then, you missing out...Good food, great price.Full as a tick... 5 stars..easy
5	I'm in the service industry. .. it's hard to find good food, customer service and a clean place.   We found all these things.   Food I had was cat fish green yams and corn bread and don't forget sweet tea. Was great mac needed some work but I could tell this was because closing.  They were out of banana pudding so didn't get to try it. Would definitely recommend and eat here again.  Almost forgot we took cab so had to be worth it.
5	Some of the best soul food that I've had in awhile. Fried catfish was cooked to perfection.  Black-eyed peas and cornbread is awesome.  Good service and clean restaurant.
2	Extremely disappointed in this restaurant.  Took my family  there to have a good meal, me and my daughter wanted ribs, but we were told they weer running out. I told her to get them and I ordered the catfish. The fish was so over cooked that it sounded like I was biting into potatoe chips. She said her ribs were OK, but I didn't try them since there were only 3 on her plate. My wife ordered the smothered steak, I gotta say the gravy was great, I loved it, but the steak was over cooked and instead of cooking it in the gravy they pied ur over the top. My fries cane out so burnt that I thought they gave me sweet potatoe ferries instead. I told her I wanted regular fries and she told me they weren't sweet potatoes and she would have then make me fresh ones. Who the hell would bring out fries that represent your establishment like that?      The waitress was nice and friendly and very helpful, she was actually the best part of the experience. It also disappointed me that our sides came out to us about 10 minutes before or meals did, and that I paid $18.50 for 3 pieces of fish and some small sides. It is way overpriced. I paid $8.50 for my son's sandwich that should of been a $2.99 item off of the kids menu. I wish I could say I'd go back but I'd be lying.
5	Went for Mothers Day brunch. My mom substituted the breakfast salmon croquettes for fried cat fish. The dish was a classic tasty cornmeal fry and well seasoned. My grandmother had the chicken and waffles! The thin crispy waffles were as big as the plate and sprinkled with powdered sugar. The chicken wings weren't crazy good but they were well done.  The oil wasn't running off them or anything.  They have some crazy good hot sauce there - Fred's Red Hot! I'd definitely go back :)
1	I walked in alone on a Saturday night about 8:40, they were busy so I was ok with not being greeted immediately. I then noticed that one of the cooks  was looking at me giving me a SERIOUSLY Dirty look. I'm thinking what did I do. I approached the counter area and picked up a menu and a girl comes up to me and says "we stop seating at 8:30". So this is my "welcome" to the place. So much for Southern Hospitality. I mention to her the hours posted say 9:00. "So you really close at 8:30, not 9" I asked. She was "kind" enough to offer me a dark meat chicken order that had been made by mistake. I'm thinking really!!! I simply told her that I don't like dark meat, turned around and left.I don't care how good the food might be. When I have a craving for fried cjicken I will go to KFC before I ever give this place a penny. Business must be good if they can turn away customers in such a nasty, inhospitable way.
1	They took forever to bring a waffle which should have came with the chicken the so called cooks were so busy bullshittin my waffle wasn't made until I went up to the counter and asked about it. One server worked and the other girl was completely use less. They have no since of urgency when it came to food prep they were to busy looking at this lady on her motorcycle that they clearly wouldn't have a chance with do your job please and thank you shit. Crazy part it wasnt busy.
4	After coming back at the owners request, I was pleasantly surprised at the food. I got the chicken and waffles which were delicious. The waffles were sweet and the chicken was full of flavor. The cornbread pancake is always good. All in all this place seems to have started to care again. It shows in the food. Thanks Shila. Great customer service.
5	I've tried many soul food restaurant in Vegas and Soul Food Cafe is definitely my favorite!  I've taken my whole family there (party of 10) and everyone loved it! The staff is very friendly and the prices are very reasonable.  I could eat here everyday!! And on those days I don't want to dine-in I order for delivery and they are very fast!
4	Great Chicken and waffles and some really good lemonade. The chicken batter is great but the service has something to be desired. Nice people just a little slow on the service side. But overall a good home style restaurant.
4	Nothing compares to Roscoe's chicken and waffles in Cali but I'm so glad I tried this place out! Who knew chicken and waffles would go so good together? It is conveniently located in the South West area. Their prices are decent for their serving size. Of course I had to get the chicken and waffles. Every meal comes with corn bread. And when I was thinking they would be small, they're actually pretty big, warm, and delicious! Unlike what you would expect. Their waffles are thin and good sized. But doesn't compare to Roscoe's crispy nature. Their wings are good as well if you don't mind getting down and dirty. What makes the taste even better is the hot sauce that they provide. I got the Mac and cheese as a side and it is very cheesy and smooth. Service is good, nothing to complain about. They're really nice and always greet you when you come in. Usually if it's not busy they let you sit yourself. I always catch myself tipping them nicely.I'm glad I tried it out because now I don't have to drive 4 hours to get some chicken and waffles. They have a bunch of other selections that I haven't tried yet. But it truly is yummy comfort food that captures your soul.
5	This place is amazing! Everything we had was delicious! Christine gave us excellent customer service. We wish we could take her back to LA with us.
5	Let me start with the service. Out waitress is a bite of sunshine! She's polite, informed , attentive, and sweet as the sugar momma (lemonade and ice tea)! Christine is a jewel and made my experience here the best I've had in Vegas ever! She definitely makes your experience a down home happy experience!Now for the food I ordered the red beans and rice ( amazing)! The corn bread pancake and the hush puppies! All of it was great! The food was fresh, hot, and amazing. I'd definitely make another trip from los Angeles to Las Vegas just for this place. My friends had the meatloaf fried chicken and hot links with Mac and cheese green beans gravy and yams . All of which they rated 5 stars . I recommend this place and wish it all the success to come!
4	I was in Las Vegas with friends when we hit the Soul Food Cafe after partying at the Marquee pool during the day.  I have to say that everything we had was excellent! From the hot links, fried chicken and meatloaf to all the sides. The service was great as well! Christine was so nice, cheerful and helpful. Not to mention the cornbread pancakes they serve, delicious!! The hot links were cooked to perfection and actually hot and spicy! I highly recommend the Soul Food Cafe if you are looking for great food at reasonable prices and friendly service! I'm not giving 5 stars only because the lemonade/iced tea drink was REALLY too sweet. Really a great experience!
5	The best soul food restaurant in vegas. The chicken takes pretty long but it says so on the menu. So with the wait because it's super crispy and not too much breading. The chicken and waffles are like roscos! Yumm! I'm drooling thinking about it.
3	My wife and I tried soul food cafe for the first time today...cornbread is sooo good ... Smothered pork chops and oxtail are both very good although I wish the pork chop was a little bit more tender ... I'm glad we don't have to go all the way to the other side  of town for soul food.
5	Great food and amazing service. We were served by LaBrea tonight. It was out first time eating at Soul Food Cafe. We were pleasantly served and attended to throughout the meal. LaBrea is a delight. She greeted every customer entering the restaurant and thanked us for our service. She made us feel welcome and made our dining experience wonderful. We will definitely come back!
1	This place is a joke. And I ain't laughing. Came here with the family. Sat down another family party of six sat down after us. Got there order first and corn bread. Water. And table set ups while I watched her give out to go orders. Then I got fed up watching this nonsense  and told her I'm ready to order. Took way too long horrible customer service. what can I expect from a place like this.
2	Just moved to the area not too long ago and my roommate goes here all the time. He recommended it a while back, so I decided to do take-out for dinner tonight. When I got there, I was helped out right away and was told my order would only take a few minutes, and it did! Wait time, food and the amount of options that sounded tasty was great. Yet, one thing held me back from a better rating.Originally, I asked for BBQ ribs, but, was told they were out. Luckily, they had short ribs in replacement that the cashier had filled me in on. Further, my roommate recommended trying the fried okra for a side and I was really excited to try it. Out of the three sides that came with my meal, it was the first I chose! The cashier even yelled out, "fried okra," to the chefs, I'm assuming to inform them to get it started. Although I got my food fast, when I got home to eat, the fried okra wasn't on the plate. If it was unavailable like the BBQ ribs that I had originally asked for, I would have appreciated being able to choose another option like what had occurred before, not shorted on my meal. Overall, I am going to come back and try the fried chicken, but, am disappointed, the one and only thing I knew I wanted to get before walking in was forgotten. Really bummed me out and made me want to call, but it is a bit of a hassle to have to drive back just for a side. If management is reading this review, is there anyone I can contact for compensation on my next visit? It was paid for. Feel free to respond with information if so. Thank you!
4	We are so happy we've found this place!  A really good soul food place not too far from our house!  We indulged in the fried chicken, meatloaf,  mac-n-cheese, red beans and rice, corn bread, and potato salad.  Wow...just wow!  Everything was delicious and brought back fond memories of good ole' southern cooking, since we're originally from the south.  Miss LaShonda took our order and was very helpful explaining all of the plentiful meal options to choose from to complete our dinner selection. The restaurant was very clean and smelled delightful. The only thing we noticed were the prices to be a little high but you are getting some freshly prepared and delicious soul food! The peach cobbler was added for dessert and we could barely stop ourselves from eating it entirely at one sitting!  We highly recommend this restaurant and look forward to visiting them again!
4	Chicken n' waffles was delicious (chicken was moistn not salty, great crust - waffle was light and fluffy w/ homemade syrup) !                                            Shout out to   LaBrea our server you were GREAT!!!                     cya next time!!!I am glad there is a place to get some good soul food in the SW....
2	Wanted to try this place out after church. Took an hour and a half for chicken and waffles. I only ordered my daughter a side dish and they didn't even bring it out until AFTER we had finished eating. We didn't want it at that point. We just wanted to get our check and go! But they insisted on putting a to-go lid on it, and making us pay for it. And watch out for your bill, they up charge for everything.
4	The food was fresh,  flavourful,  and presented wonderfully.  Good vibes the aura was fun and inviting.  Great for gatherings. My server  Labrea was professional, honest,  helpful and sweet.  Makes you feel welcomed.  All that food for $20. Heaven food from the soul.  Highly recommended! !
2	LaBrea was wonderful as usual!!!! I had the grilled chicken with yams, mac & cheese and cabbage but I must say the flavor on the chicken was good but it was DRY and the flavor on the sides were pretty good but they were BARELY WARM.  We did come about 8:15 & they close @ 9pm IDK??  Next time no later than 7pm!!!
3	Pros: Great service. I mean everyone was friendly and greeted when walking in. Servers were friendly and smiled every time they asked if we needed anything or took our orders. Took our orders when we were ready and served us while the food was still hot....fresh out of the kitchen. The food: chicken was cooked perfectly, crunchy on the outside, moist on in. Mac n cheese was awesome. The cornbread was the best thing though. Had to save some for after the meal since it came out first. Cons: a bit pricey compared to others. Sides, in my gfs opinion, shouldve been given at the same time as main dish to enjoy all at one time and not get full picking at them before hand.
5	I have eaten at soul food cafe once a week for the last month and a half while working with a TV production company hear in town and WOW, there is nothing on the menu that is not Delicious!!  The Fried Chicken is putting other businesses out of business. That is a Fact!!  It has converted every person in the company.  The Greens are made from Heaven, so good.  Mac and Cheese....Its like I've never tried before, cause OMG.  If You are in Las Vegas and don't go to Soul Food cafe, you will miss out on a bucket list of culinary cuisine, and that will be a shame.
5	OMG. Best soul food I've ever had! Came here with my girlfriend. She had the fried chicken - amazing. I got the BBQ ribs. Best ribs I've ever had. Meat literally falling off the bone. Sauce was beyond delicious. You get three sides for each dinner item. GF got greens, mac and cheese, and sweet yams. All amazing. I got red beans and rice, string beans, and corn. I've never had more amazing string beans. Everything was amazing. The staff was extremely friendly. We got in a bit more toward closing time and they still were very patient and never once rushed us. Very attentive. And also, just a personal highlight, they're a Niners joint :) Love my Niners. THEY DELIVER!!!Will definitely be returning.
5	Had a great breakfast here everybody was very cordial and helpful and nice especially La Brea and Ted  they made you feel right at home and very important their business I will recommend it highly for anybody coming hereRick
3	*UPDATED REVIEW* After going to this establishment a few times over a three month period, we noticed a consistent decline in food quality. I have changed the review to 3 stars to represent that. There were still times where it was good, but never as good as first couple visits. You get that southern feel from this restaurant and personally I LOVE it! Fantastic service but if you order chicken it does take a while to get but it's well worth the wait as they FRESH MAKE everything! For anyone complaining about wait time doesn't know what soul food is about. The fried chicken is the best I have had since Kathy's was doing it right in the SE part of town. This is one of the best soul food restaurants in town and I am excited to have good soul food so close to home.
4	*UPDATED*I tried Soul Food Cafe again tonight and it was much better this time around! The server was very nice and attentive and the food came out on time. Maybe it was just a busy Sunday afternoon for them on my last visit. But tonight's experience has me wanting to go back for more! I'm giving it 4 stars because they are tied one and one for good and bad experiences.
2	It take a while to get your food but thats fine, simply because they make it to order.  The sweet tea was bleh.The fried chicken was goodBBQ chicken was whateverCornbread pancake was very tasty and different.Banana pudding was good and red beans and rice and mac n cheese was pretty good.I had a vey friendly server.  The prices for soul food was a little much.  Maybe I'm harder cuz I grew up on soul food so didn't tickle my fancy and only 2 pieces of chicken in my lunch meal.
5	WOW is all I have to say. Great no not great Excellent food awesome customer service.  Have to say best food (Restraunt)I have had since I moved here 3 years ago. I highly recommend it to everyone.
5	All I can say is STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING. And come here and EAT. RIGHT NOW. Very close to the food my grandmother cooked. Best soul food in Las Vegas thus far. So happy and sooooo full!
4	I was in the parking lot browsing on my app to find a meal and realized that this was right around the corner of the lot so the MIL and I took a chance. She's not the most adventurous eater, but figured this was different though safe of a choice. They serve you a cornbread cake while you wait which was yummy. I'm a sucker for those things and probably could make a meal off that and some greens alone. I decided on the fried chicken lunch with dark meat, greens and red beans and rice. The leg and thigh were seasoned nicely and the crunch was good on the pieces. I absolutely loved the sides. To my taste, the greens were flavored well and I like when it's cooked to tender but the stems still have some give and not cooked to super soft. I could eat more of those greens because texture is everything for me on greens. Beans and rice was also good. My MIL wanted gravy and biscuits and they juuusstt stopped serving breakfast at 11am and we were closer to noon.They said they can make it for her though. When it came out she had some reservations as it isn't traditional, but once she took a bite she said that it was tasty. Instead of white country gravy, they used brown gravy and added griddled ground beef to it. She said though the biscuits texture was awesome and one of the better biscuits she had and she kinda liked the brown gravy as that's more flavorful that most country gravy. Service was really friendly. Our server was nice and we appreciated they cooked her some biscuits anyways. If you get fried food, keep in mind there is a bit of a wait. There is one cook handling it all and frying takes a while. That was one of the few cons, but perhaps you can call ahead your order so it'll be ready when you get there to dine in. Keep in mind they have 3 slightly different menus for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Also the prices change during the time of day as well. My chicken lunch was $10 vs $16 for dinnertime. I think at $10 it was worth it, but I don't know about $16.I was surprised at how much I enjoyed this place.
4	The chicken and waffles were on point tonight delicious flavorful light and fluffy the chicken bomb
1	First time going to this restaurant and it will be my last time. The service suck and the food is suck.Their chicken is dry as a wood.Awful food.. I rather go to Popeyes or MM SOUL FOOD.
4	Casual place, good fried food.  We ordered the fried catfish and fried chicken. Both were good and had different seasonings. We got two pieces of dark meat chicken and three strips of catfish. Liked the cornbread pancake. Also liked the greens and the mac and cheese. Red beans and rice was okay.  I thought the portions were average and we had some to take home. Peach cobbler was nice and the size small size was plenty!  The environment was informal and there was wait service. Went on a week day at 1:30 and place was moderately busy.
3	Food ok. .. could use more flavors. .. service slow. . Ppl very friendly. .. was overcharged....
3	The food is good, but it is so overpriced! With 2 entrees and 2 non-alcoholic drinks, our bill is always $45-$50. I would only go back with a coupon.
5	Wonderful meal - I enjoyed everything that I tasted! My friends raved about this place and I agree with them! I had the grilled catfish and it was wonderfully seasoned and cooked perfectly. The 3 sides were very generous: I had the yams, greens and mac and cheese - I thought I was back at my Grandma's table in Mississippi! Don't miss the corn bread, sooo good! I tasted the smothered pork chips, fried catfish and the ox tails & they were also delicious. Everyone working was very nice and accommodating. The service was fast and attentive.
3	"You gone eat your cornbread..."I must admit the cornbread pancake is an excellent bonus with all orders. It's sweet buttery soft and warm and delicious!!This is my second time ordering take out and I'm pretty certain it's my last! Perhaps I'm bias because my mother is a southern women with a great deal of soul food experience, none the less I wasn't impressed by the hype from continuous radio advertisements. ***The oxtails were delicious but the gravy tastes like it was from a box. ***The okra was fresh full of flavor!! ***The hot link was drowned in BBQ sauce and the opposite hot. Taste more more like a hotdog!
5	This place gets from me breakfast, lunch and dinner it goes down right hear. Strongly recommend
5	The service was great , friendly and polite . The food was wonderful , more than enough for me . I had the smothered chicken,  side orders bomb ( red & rice ) . Can't wait to go again , ribs next time . Keep up the good work . Inglewood love
5	Been here a few times and all I can say is this place rocks. The fried chicken is delicious, biscuits and gravy is tasty and different. Haven't tried everything on the menu yet but I will eventually. The service is great too! I will send all my friends here to try it out. This is the type of food I've been craving for years.
5	My grandson and I just had our first dining experience at the Soul Food Cafe. We were greeted by a delightful server (Charlie) who was gracious and attentive. Not only was she friendly and customer-focused, she appeared genuinely concerned that we would become repeat customers. The food was well-prepared, and the portions are generous. The environment is cozy and inviting, and the prices are very reasonable. As a frequent visitor from Carson City, this restaurant will be placed on our permanent list of things to do, when visiting Las Vegas.
4	First off, everything is made to order so anything fried will take 15-20 minutes so you can enjoy conversation and the cornbread pancakes.We had the fried chicken, fried catfish, grilled chicken, and sweet potato pie.The pie was tasty and served in a tiny pie pan.The fried chicken and catfish were both cooked very well. They were crispy and very tasty.The grilled chicken was somewhat unexpected but in a good way. It had a citrus flavoring and it was the first to disappear from our table.Our waitress was very helpful with the menu and providing suggestions for two guests who do not eat soul food often. Dining in and taking out seems to be a big difference from reading other reviews, so I suggest dining in before taking out.The only thing negative I have to say is the sweet tea was just awful. I have had many different sweet teas and I do not know what happened. The sweetener, consistency, or I really have no idea made me not want to take more than one sip. I was happy with everything else we ordered.
5	An amazing find! The food is delicious, the restaurant is one of the cleanest in Las Vegas, and the prices are insanely fair. And if you leave hungry, then you must have gone to a different place... the portions (especially for the lunch menu) are very generous.We love everyone we've met at the Cafe. "Our waitress," Charley, is fantastic!Friendly folks, outstanding food, and reasonable prices... you can't beat it! Good, home style food makes it worth a ride to Soul Food Cafe. If you go just once, you'll become a regular.
5	What can I say the food is cheap for how much your getting, the staff are amazing. Very friendly atmosphere and very very clean 3stablishment. I got a bacon cheeseburger and fries.... love it ! Btw did I mention the food is friggin amazing here ! Defiantly would recommend this place
5	Really great food here wonderful service. Had the BBQ ribs with mac and cheese and they even brought over some cornbread for free which was phenomenal!
5	Came in with a family of 12 and everyone pretty much ordered different things and I had the great experience of tasting some of everyone's dish and EVERYTHING was outstanding! The food and service paired are unmatched compared to all of the soul food restaurants in the Las Vegas area. If you've got a craving for soul food you'd be doing yourself a disservice if you did not dine at this establishment.
3	Went there for lunch today and here is my impression:Decor: Was very basic but homey with your typical walls filled will VIP photos. Got a bit loud due to small space, talkative lunch crowd and radio blarring. Service: Waitresses greeted me with kindness and got me seated quickly with a drink. They give you a hotcake shortly after you sit, which is frisbee cold by the time you get your food. So eat that straight away. I ordered fried chicken with fried okra and cabbage. Waited 25 minutes for my order. I didn't mind because the meat was made to order and not sitting under a sun lamp. But, unless you have more than an hour for lunch and/or it's not busy then beware as you will find yourself rushing to eat. The kitchen seemed to have a hard time servicing larger tables while keeping the small tables in line. Food Quality: Had the dark meat (leg and thigh), which was just the right temperature and crispiness. The thigh was small and a little overcooked but the chicken was overall a 7 out of 10. The fried okra was delicious. A tad bit too salty for a perfect rating but highly recommended. The cabbage was average. Seasoning was bland and leaves were limp from either overcooking or sitting in the juice too long. I prefer them kinda firm. Overall side dishes were also 7 outta 10 with the okra giving the average cabbage a needed boost. Value:Dark meet fried chicken lunch plate and large glass of lemonade (not homemade) came to $14.59 with tax. So, I would say the value was slightly below average but on par with competition (M&M). The price point was slightly aggressive but not offensive.Recommend?:  Yes, if you are in the area. I live a mile away from this place and still make a longer trip to M&M when I want slightly better food with a tad bit more "soul."
5	I hate to say it but I only come for one thing... The Peach Cobbler. Each time I eat the Peach Cobbler it truly taste like my Grandma's. The staff is friendly and they truly make me feel like family. It's super clean and conveniently located next to Cutting Edge Barber Shop and in the Albertson's shopping center. I just place a catering order and they were more than happy to assist my needs. Sheila assured everything would be ok. That's why I love going to a place where they make me feel warm and fuzzy.
3	Our first time here and it was ok. I can't quite figure out the rave. I guess if you don't cook these items at home you may like it. I enjoyed the cornbread pancake, yams and greens were different. I had a pork chop that was nice and thick. Mac and cheese not even close to good.  Some of my family members enjoyed what they had. Not sure I would take the drive to try it again. For me it was just ok.
5	Last time I had chicken here it was superb!!Just don't have it delivered!Best chicken I've had in town yet, and I've had a lot of chicken.
3	Chicken was delicious and I'm actually craving it again... waffle needs work! Went with my mom for breakfast, her waffle was wayyyyy tooooo salty and my waffle tasted like the only ingredient in it was apple sauce. Weird. Maybe the chef did not mix the waffle batter right. I will definitely be back for the chicken. However, If I want chicken and waffles I'm heading to Roscoes in California
3	The table placement was all wrong, I had my ass bumping a young ladies back as I tried to pay for my to-go order. I ordered the -Grilled chicken: it was ONE (1) ! Piece of flat filet very small portion but, the taste was good. -Black-eyed Peas: I love the seasoning all good-Greens: had a fresh taste and texture but, be careful chewing because if bits and pieces of bones from pork. -BBQ Ribs:  very BASIC it seemed as they boiled the ribs (soft & tender) falls off the bone but, they just drown them in BBQ sauce like Bullseye BBQ sauce and that's it. -Fried Okra: was too fried (hard) some like it that way I guess but, seasoning was just right. -sweet Yams: taste was good but, it was like they came out of a can. Overall it satisfied my hunger, I had worst but, I had better. The whole time I was thinking; I could have made it better myself but, I'm no cook/chef.
4	The cornbread pancake is delicious! !! Make sure you check into yelp for your discount on dinners! The fried fish and fried chicken are both very good as well. The food is all made to order so expect a 20 minute wait.
5	I love their corn beef hash with rice and eggs in the morning and LOVE the 2 fried chicken with rice and gravy on the side. Looking forward on getting the smothered porkchops maybe tomorrow! Hehe! Mmm-mmm-mmm! Absolutely don't mind waiting for super delicious food.
