1	i used to love going here over blockbuster, they had a bigger selection of obscure or indy films and you could keep every movie for a week.well, now Blockbuster has upped their selection and you can keep movies for like two weeks before the creepy robot lady starts leaving threatening messages on your cell phone over "Half Nelson."but the real deal breaker was when i rented probably one of the worst remakes of all time, a little cinematic gem called "Planet of the Apes." thinking i had returned it, they kept hassling me and i kept telling them to lay off of me with their stalin-like regime - i didn't have their damn crappy movie (about 8 months later i was moving and discovered the video in my trunk -oops). regardless! they sent me to collections for a grand total of like $200, when i would have gladly paid for the movie.i paid the bloody bill and moved on... to blockbuster. i finally caved and went back after about two years only to be asked by the goth kid staring at the computer screen,  "Um, do you still have, uh....planet of the apes?" i could have punched the poor black-haired social outcast. but i restrained. anyway, EVERY time i go there, i get asked about the monkey movie and EVERY time i tell them, this "this is really a sore subject, but here's what happened..." EVERY TIME. plus, last time i went, the kids forgot to pull the security thingies out and i couldn't open the case. BOOOO hollywood!
4	"Don't mess with me." That's my motto when I'm looking for movies. I like to walk the aisles, from new releases to classics to foreign hits... It's all a gold mine. I've been to this location a few times -- I'm a new member, actually. Sign-up was easy and I get 1/2 off my movies for the first month. Perfect for the July month, if you ask me. So, I've been eager to go pick and choose movies to watch. Each time I've gone, there has been a great selection of new releases. I blame my indecision as not knowing what to get, although, if you wait too late, even the movies you want to see will be picked over. (But that's just common sense, right?) Ok, so maybe I do have one complaint. It's their display boxes. If the movie isn't in, you can't read the back... Try it. If you flip the display box over, it's empty. So, regardless of how interested I am about a movie, I can't learn anything off the back of the display box. I have no way of knowing if it's worth coming back for. You read me? The counter service is okay. It's not horrible, but it's not the best I've ever had. I can handle status quo at a video store. Hey, it's a video store. If you walk in expecting the average video store experience, you won't leave disappointed. But, you may just leave with a couple good movies you can recommend to me. Cool? Cool.
4	I was in between Netflix shipments, and in the mood for a movie, so I headed down to the Hollywood Video by ASU.  I hadn't been there in a couple of years, and was surprised to see that the rental prices had actually gone down in price to $2.99 for a 5-day rental of a newly released movie.  They also had a promotion for free blu-ray movie rentals.  The only catch was you can only rent one for free at a time.  But hey, return it and you can rent another one for free.  I had to sign up for a new account because it had been so long since I had rented, and I qualified for 1/2 off on all movie and game rentals for the first month.  There were lots of movies in stock that I hadn't seen.  I ended up getting 4 movies, and they talked me into a bundle deal.  4 movies, 2 bags of popcorn, 2 candies and a 2-liter pepsi for under $10! Now that's a cheap deal.  Parking in the lot is a challenge, especially when the ASU students are in session, but I'll be back soon, for more free blu-ray movies.  Netflix is real slow sending those out.
