4	I had laughed at this place when it first received its makeover.   A bar beside a gas station.  However, this has the coolest atmosphere inside.   The wait staff is friendly.  Highly recommend.
4	Drove by this place 100 times and thought it was just a bar in an awkward location until a friend invited to go with him to a cigar bar. I was thoroughly impressed upon entering. Had no idea when we pulled up. Enough tv's throughout to watch a game. You're not up under anyone and the wait staff were very friendly. They make the visit worth it. Had so much fun that I decided to become a member and I probably smoke one cigar a year. Very cool place. Don't knock the location. It is worth checking out!!! Since privately owned, they close late and serve on Sundays. Highly recommend.
5	Like others, I laughed at the location.  When it first opened they did not have liquor, so I did not go in often.  However, they have since added liquor and have become a private club.  Very friendly staff, reasonable prices on cigars, quality assortment of liquor and an impressive selection of draft beer.  A great place to relax, and enjoy a drink and a game.  This is a CIGAR bar, if you are the pleasure police, then move on down to a chain bar.  Long ashes to all.
5	Don't judge a book by its cover. I chuckled a bit when I first saw the place; it honestly looks like a biker bar from the outside. However, the inside is very spacious and clean. Megan, the manager, is very nice and does whatever she can to keep the atmosphere as good as possible. There are many different types of people who come here. The beer selection is excellent, and the liquor selection is second to none. Give this place a try; you won't regret it!
5	After having lunch in Ballantyne, I hopped on yelp to see if there was a cigar bar nearby. Normally I would have headed over to Outland given their (former) Ballantyne location was spacious and had a massive humidor. However, Outland is either moving stores or has closed down in Ballantyne. Stogie and Brew popped up on yelp, had great reviews, so we headed over. From the outside, it doesn't look like much, but once you walk in you will be pleasantly surprised. Tons of seating, tables, couches, barstools, etc. A plentiful bar selection (wine, beer (bottled and draft), and lots of liquor), friendly staff, and a decent sized humidor. They carry all of your favorite cigars. I was shocked that we stumbled upon this gem. We picked out a few cigars and each became members (only $20 for the entire year), which is hands down the best price you will find in the Charlotte area. Other cigar clubs charge over $500 for the annual fee (which is insane). This place has tons of tvs AND has the Sunday ticket, so if you like nfl, this is your place. I'm quite certain the other cigar bars in town do NOT have the Sunday ticket. This was a big selling point for me. Everything is also reasonably priced in here, from the cigars to the booze. The staff was overly accommodating and friendly and the majority of the patrons wanted to engage in small chat. This is my kind of place. If you're looking for a change in scenery or want to try a new place to smoke a cigar or have a drink, this is your place. Enjoy!!
