4	I did not see many pears on the menu, and it is a bit large to be a "bistro" but I will not hold that against you.The menu is full of salads, melted cheese sandwiches and pasta, there are several interesting asps too and a few local beers.The decor inside is a bit eclectic as this space has leftovers of it's predecessors.A nice feature of the menu here is that most dishes here are vegetarian friendly, then meat, or fish can be added for a few $ more. I oped for the "Athena's garden" A pesto linguine with a few veggies in it. It was light despite having a fair amount of oil. We also tried a salad that was well assembled and fresh. The real winner for me was the creamy mushroom Marsala, There was cream but not an excess just enough to coat the pasta, The caramelized ions gave it a deep rich flavor and the mushrooms added to the textural delight. If you are in the area and want a nice, good meal at a new local place give PPB a try.
5	This place just opened up next door to where I live to my husband and I had to visit and give it a go. We sat in the outdoor patio area which was super cozy, intimate and calming. Really cute string lights that hang over you as you enjoy a glass of wine while a great play list of music plays in the background. The food is great, good portions and quality, yummy selections. You cant go wrong. We didn't like one of the beers and the staff was nice enough to let us switch it out for something else. Very friendly, helpful staff. Love this place and we will be sure to return!
5	This has become one of our favorite places for lunch. The sandwich selection is excellent, the pastas are delicious, and the salads are fresh and creative. Our service has always been excellent, friendly staff, and the manager of the restaurant, Chris, seems to be around a lot to make sure the place runs well. A great selection of music is always on.Some particular favorite entree sandwiches are The Sicilian and The Chicken Marsala. A favorite pasta dish with great flavor is the Athena. The salads are fresh and creative, and the perfect pair is a good combination of soup, salad and/or pasta. They have had a weekend where they feature live music. I hope they do more.
5	Have eaten here once and gotten takeout half a dozen times.  Food is always fantastic.  Service was solid too.  One thing missing from my local spots was some decent pasta and this place hits the spot.Very friendly GM/owner that makes sure you are taken care of.  Genuinely looking for that feedback, which is the key to the places that stick around.  I hope it does.  Definitely worth a try.Some of what we have had most recently are the Mac N Cheese, Chicken Marsala and a few soups.  All very tasty and quite rich.  You will fill up fast and have some tasty leftovers.  As a bonus they had some nice cocktails and a solid beer selection.  While we left before they performed there were some people setting up for music, so there is that if you are into a little live music while dining.This has inserted itself into heavy rotation.
3	I wanted so badly to have a good experience at Perfect Pear because I went to the one on Chanler Blvd and had a 40 minute wait and could not give it a good review.   This time my husband & I went for lunch.   Place was not crowded and they had two servers.  I had a salad and honestly the greens were dripping with dressing.  The pears, sunflower seeds and quinoa  were non existant but cranberries were generous.  I left more than half of my salad and waiter just asked me if I wanted a doggy bag.  I told him it was way too wet, but got no reaction.   My husband had the Silian sandwich and said it was too salty and cheese over powered the whole sandwich.  His sweet potato fries were too hard.  We probably will not return.  Makes me sad.
4	I had the Mediterranean salad and Athena pasta and hubs had the chicken club and green chili cheese dip .... My selections were excellent ... Salad was not over dressed and the half size pasta was huge and I took some home. The chicken club had great flavor only down fall that took them to 4 stars was the chicken was over cooked and dry. Cheese dip was excellent .... Chris (owner) was very friendly and comped our sandwhich which we returned in the form of a tip to our server. These gestures go a long way in our mind and we will return and give the place another chance for sure.
3	Such a great name - Perfect Pear Bistro! Service was friendly, but scatty on an early Friday evening. No mention of Happy Hour specials and they were out of the beer we were interested in. The waiter also forgot a few things from our order and we had to remind him. The food is decent American food with some of the trendy add-ons. My salad was to be loaded with butternut squash (couldn't find it) beets (a few) bacon (stuck together) but the avocado on top - luscious!! I did enjoy the cider vinaigrette. I also asked for a piece of bread to go with the salad - it came dry, no butter included and though sweet and tasty - still dry. My friends enjoyed the 4-cheese grilled cheese sandwich but the sweet potato fries were limp, not crispy like the regular fries which were yummy. I'd like to think I may try this place again but they need to step it up to stay in competition with everything else that's out there.
5	Amazing. I am super picky with bistros but this one is excellent. Dog friendly , brought my pup. We got the bruschetta and pasta with some soup and salad. Excellent. The creamy mushroom Marcella pasta sooooooo good. I would recommend to anyone. Great place.
5	Perfect Pear just opened its 2nd location right up the street from me. I've gone in a couple times for lunch and enjoyed it every time. They have a good sized menu with something to please anyone! I'm working my way through the grilled cheese section, so good! The soup du jour last time was mushroom brie and was really creamy with a ton of mushrooms! Place is cute and service always pleasant. Hope they can keep expanding!
5	Great sandwiches, soups, and salads.... Very hearty soups and the salads aren't skimpy by any means with plenty of various toppings. Gluten free pasta is also available and looked amazing though I haven't had.... Yet! :-) I will make this a regular stop.
5	Went for lunch with a group of 10 people. There was a Christmas party of equal size that just got seated. The wait staff and kitchen staff handled it and made it seem like they were not even breaking a sweat. The restaurant was full not n empty seat in the house. Service was fast and food was fantastic! My compliments to the staff!
5	I really liked this place!! Many different options for sandwiches, pasta and salads, all very tasty!! The possibility of making a perfect "pear" by combining them is great ! Staff is very friendly, service efficient, and prices are compatible with quality !
4	Skip the sandwiches and go with the Pasta.  The bread they use is toooooo salty.  Cute little place.
5	Great food, big portions. Amazing atmosphere, a great place to bring a date. Highly recommended.
5	Had the G-Ma's Mac (Pic posted).  Couldn't stop eating it.  Friendly, attentive staff.
5	Perfect Grilled Cheese was amazing and worth a repeat  visit.  Chicken club lacked unique flavor and was average.  The BLT was great with the bread making the sandwiches.  Now for the sides: tomato soup was delicious and a perfect complement to the grilled cheese.  Shoe string fries were great, nothing not to like about them and the green pea salad in peanut sauce was delicious.  We will definitely return for another try!
5	My experience here was incredible. Delicious food, Vegetarian friendly. Wonderful service (a delightful young woman, name was Arianna). My husband and I will defiantly be back!
