5	Great service!! I had to bring in my work truck to get it detailed and at the same time I brought my boyfriends truck as well. My truck took longer then normal but when I was picking it up, they explained to me they had to rub some spots out of the paint and that was why it was taking so long, so I understood then at that point. They went well beyond compared to normal detail shops that I highly recommend the location. The guys working here seems like hard working honest guys that it also makes me feel good that I am supporting a local business owned by great people.
5	I have brought several vehicles here over the last 5 years and every one that they have worked on looked like new when they were done.  Very thorough and reasonably priced.  Keep up the good work!
5	What a great place!   Took my old truck i am selling there for a detail inside and out and wow, did they impress.  Not only is my truck look like new but they cleaned the engine and went above and beyond to buff out some scratches and make the truck look like new.
5	After reading some positive reviews on Yelp, I thought I would try out Rocky's on my VW Golf.  It need some sprucing up, buffing out some scratches and polishing the headlights.  They did a really great job, paying a lot of attention to detail.  I dropped the car off the night before, and they called me in the early afternoon to tell me it was all set.  I had to get a ride back to the garage a bit later in the day, and the guy said he'd be around after closing for a little while in case I had any questions.  I was really pleased with the job they did.  Super clean, buffed out all the scratched bits I couldn't get out myself.  The headlights were too pitted to buff out with a standard polishing, but they looked better than before and they didn't charge me extra for the time they put in on it.  They also tried to keep my car inside most of the day while it rained so I could see it clean and sparkly when I arrived.  Stellar work, and I appreciated the great communication about time frame and expectations.  The total bill was also a lot less than I was expecting.  I will certainly be back!
5	I wish I had taken pictures of how disgusting my car was before I took it in to this shop. My husbands car, a white honda civic, was just horrible.  We're trying to sell it, and I just couldn't believe I had to drop this off to Rocky's (felt sorry for the guys that had to work on it)  But, can I just say, WOW.  They did an impressive job! IT looks amazing. Brand new! It will make such a difference in our selling price. And they even had some extra white touch up paint and just went over a few spots on the exterior, just to be nice.  I've already told four people to go there. I am surprised that I've never heard of htis place. I'm also annoyed that Octopus has so many people in line there---what a waste of money to go there, when you have such great small businesses like Rocky's to support.  They are VERY reasonably priced and I will be bringing my other  2 cars here every six months.  They are convenient too---i dropped off keys and car hte night before and will pick it up later this eve when my hubby can take me. Special thanks to Mark (who apparently did the car) Appreciate it!
5	WOW.  That just about says it all.  I dropped off a 6 year old car covered with bugs and really dirty after a long road trip.  I apologized for the car when I dropped it off, it was so bad.  When I picked it up, it looked like a new car.  Seriously, a new car!  Thank you - I hope I never bring it in that dirty again but will definitely be back the next time it needs a complete makeover.
5	Stop reading right now and go get your car detailed! It's that simple.  I've taken both my car (2011 Subaru Impreza) and my girlfriends car (2008 Toyota Prius) here in the past two weeks and I am still amazed at how great of a job Rocky's did!Both cars had their fair share of scrapes and dings on the outside and dirty upholstery on the inside.  Both cars came back looking good as new!  Seriously, it was almost like driving two brand new cars.   We detailed the Prius in preparation for selling it on craigslist, and I have to say that the work they did had to have gotten us $500-700 extra in the end.  Not bad when the whole detail cost less than $150 each.  It's that simple.  Go do yourself a favor and take your car to Rocky's you'll be extremely happy that you did.
