4	Apples dipped in interesting and often multiple toppings.  Ideal mall food.
4	Rocky Mountain Chocolates have several locations around the Valley, including Glendale, Outlets at Anthem, Paradise Valley Mall, Scottsdale Fashion Square, and Sky Harbor Airport, as well as in Tucson and Flagstaff. I'm not really "into" chocolate-covered apples, but the prep and presentation is pretty cool. First they dip the apples in bubbling-hot caramel mixture in a copper kettle. Then roll them in an array of sweet and crunchy toppings, such as chopped nutes & sprinkles. Then it's dipped again in milk or dark chocolate, and finally they drizzle the whole thing with white chocolate icing. They also carry a selection of other chocolates, dipped strawberries, and homemade fudge.
4	Whoever thought of dipping apples in Carmel and chocolate I praise you! Sure you just made your apple a day a bit unhealthier, but it's still an apple! Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory features a wide assortment of delicious chocolate candies, and YES chocolate covered apples and strawberries. Obviously invented by a choc-a-holic, this place is heaven for a out of the ordinary sweet tooth craving. This would be a great place to pick up a outside of the box gift, hint hint guys! What girl doesn't want some chocolate covered strawberries!
5	Hey, I dig the malt balls.
5	I used to remember getting Oreo-covered caramel apples when I was a kid from here and I hadn't had one in years, I decided to buy one again in probably a decade (this time I tried one with confection sprinkles) and let me tell you, it was worth every freaking penny. $6 bucks for a caramel candied apple may seem pricey, but that was probably one of my most enjoyable eating experiences in a very long time. Plus, I think they're practically the only place around that sells caramel candied apples. And of course, they have a huge array of chocolate items like chocolate-coated pretzels and fudge, and even sugar-free chocolate for diabetics. I'd love to try it all if only everything in sight wasn't so calorie-laden. They also have a big cute stuffed bear that sits at the storefront wearing an apron. But seriously, you have to come here for the caramel candied apples they're mind-blowingly delicious. Some varieties of their caramel candied apples: Oreo, sprinkles, M&M's, Butterfinger, rocky road, apple pie, cheesecake, English toffee, peanut-covered, pecan-covered, neapolitan
5	This location hires the best people! I have been there twice this month and the employess are very helpful and friendly!Oh, yes, and the chocolate here is amazing!!
