4	I love a good hookah every now and again. Azuza Hookah did not disappoint. Atmosphere was awesome. Lounge was clean and well decorated. Lots of comfy couches and a couple big screens tastefully placed. Service is good. They keep your hookah fired up and make a point to be available.On to the flavors. Hello dreamsicle (think of an Orange Julius or a Jamba Orange Dream Machine), frootloops, and white girl (strawberry vanilla). The flagrantly flavorful menu is catchy and the taste most certainly lives up to description. Definitely will be back in a now and again!
5	I don't understand why there aren't much reviews for this place! Maybe the people in vegas don't really use yelp, but people here in the bay area LIVE for yelp!well, i just got back from a labor day weekend vacation to vegas. I had always wanted to try hookah in vegas, and finally this was my chance! This place is perfect! It's hookah + fine teas! Oh my there were indeed fine!My friend and I arrived around 10PMish and was immediately greeted and seated by a cute young lady. I had ordered the dreamy rose tea and we tried their hookah flavor FRUIT LOOPS. They are very well known for this flavor because it's their own family recipe! It really did taste like fruit loops, but after a while it tasted more like just a fruit mix thing. Still good.The other flavor we got was rosarita AKA rose+margarita mix. SOOOOOOOOOOOOO fuckin awesome! Whoever thought of this mix must be part genius part hookah god. It was delicious and smooth. I just how their decor, I love how they fill their glass base of the hookah with tons of ice. It makes the smoking experience much cooler and smoother. I just love the black light, the candles, the cool LED lights that are attached to the tables so when you put a hookah over the light, the hookah will glow colors!On to the customer service. I almost felt bad that they were treating us so well. Charcoal service was ALWAYS tip top and LITERALLY when the smoke got kinda harsh toward the end, the guy immediately came up and asked me if it was getting harsh because he heard me cough just ONCE.Anyways, this place is WONDERFUL because it's really nice to get away from the strip because I anticipate that the hookah bars there are probably filled with drunk whores with short ass skirts while guys touch them inappropriately while sucking on hookahs that are incompetent compared to Azuza's hookahs.best hookah bar i've ever been to. no lies!
4	I'm not the biggest fan of hookah but I've been to a handful so I know what to expect and I must say that Azuza is the best hookah bar that I've been to.It's dark on the inside with an Indian theme and black lights illuminating the lounge creating a very laid back and relaxing atmosphere with a matching playlist to boot. They have a very wide selection of flavors to mix and match and they're own premade mixes including some very interesting flavors (Fruity Pebbles, which of course tastes like Fruity Pepples). They also serve teas and an assortment of food for the munchies ranging from Icees to cookies and milk. I can't comment on the teas because I passed those up but my friends seemed to enjoy them. Great service, their staff are friendly and are really knowledgable. They're constantly replacing the coals on every hookah, it seemed like they replaced the coals at least every 15-20 minutes. You also get a little show everytime they replace the coals as they move the coal holder through the air to heat them up, swinging it in a pattern and releasing embers into the air in the dark lounge is really eye catching.My only complaint would be the one hookah per 2 person minimum or you get charged a fee for sharing and the one drink minimum per person. With decent prices and a happy hour it's not much of a problem but I don't like to be forced to purchase something.Overall a great place to relax with friends but the minimum purchases bring it down a star.
5	Love the flowering teas . Great environment , nice place to catch up with people or just hang out ! Best part the hookah is AMAZING
2	Here I am enjoying a Masala chai latte at Sunrise Coffee (a place I've already reviewed), and comparing it with the chai I recently had at Azuza.These hookah places makes me laugh.  My own friends patronize them, spending their money on carcinogenic tobaccos with fruity flavors modeled after kids' cereals. The whole culture of smoking is pure folly. Azuza is the only hookah lounge I've actually been to, and I went because a friend told me I would appreciate their chai.  The chai was good all right, but I actually prefer the one I'm drinking now.The low-lit interior might have be more appealing if it was not so smoky, but that's what you get with a hookah lounge.  On the other hand, the black lights bordered on kitsch.  Overall, it was not an environment to which I want to return.
5	Azuza gave me a great experience for when i first started smoking it.The owner is a very kind guy and so are all the workers.They do their best to give you the best experience they can.
4	Love their fruit loops flavor. I'm a regular and most of the time they would be out of a certain flavor. The flavored teas are delicious and refreshing. I love the ice water in the water chamber, definitely a nice smoke, especially if you get anything minty. On weeknights it's quiet and chill, but on the weekends the music gets louder. Every now and then there's a DJ. The music ranges from hip hop, rap, to ambient tracks. Love the place. Definitely show your school id or military id for discount!
4	Their tea and chai menu is definitely something to experiment and glance over, for this is probably one of the best selling points of Azuza and if it wasn't for the tea, I don't think I would have looked at this place as any special significant hookah lounge. I tried the "Berried Treasure" tea, and it was a surprisingly good combination with the hookah we were smoking that night. I have literally came here times before *just* for the sake of trying out their tea. There is also a great range of hookah in mainly flavors, most notably the fruit loop flavor that is renowned here. Azuza is more like a neighborhood local hookah hangout, as the nights I've went on the weekdays were pretty steady, but not overly crowded. There is a DJ who plays a pretty diverse set when it comes to music (especially featuring old school hits from the 90s and early 200s). Check it out for the fine teas, it really makes the hookah experience here worthwhile!
1	It's very nice and I liked it, but before it was free.  I have't been there in a while, but i'm never going back because the charge.  Iv'e been at Red's, Paymon's, Cloud 9, Mad Greek and they never charge.  At Azuza each has to pay.  I think it was $10 for each person but maybe they raised the price.
5	I found my favorite hookah lounge in vegas. Finally. I love the vibe you get from the music (mostly hip hop w/ a lil arabic) and the eastern motif they use..you can tell they put some serious thought into decorating the place. Props to the staff for making this place what it is. So good I came back the next night.Although the Hookah costs 17 bucks i'll let it go because they use quality tobacco
4	This is not my favorite hookah bar in Las Vegas, but I am a fan of it.  The customer service was more than up to par and they always kept the coals coming, there was no down time which is ideal.   We tried their Sunset Oolong tea.  It was ok, but too mild in taste, not like your traditional Oolong tea, so I would not get it again.  The cool part about the tea though was it was "flower tea".  I had never seen this before, but my friend had.  The tea comes in the base of a flower that opens up over time.  It is very pretty and romantic, great for a date.  We chose to mix our own hookah flavors of mango and watermelon.  It came out great!  Definitely try the flavor mix.
4	This is normally one of my regular spots due to the decor and the music. Sometimes the service isn't 100% and it can seem like they've forgotten about you so you have to head up to the counter and get their attention. The tobacco is usually yummy and their tea's are too. It can get really loud but hey, that's the scene some nights. I like it. Will continue to visit this lounge.
4	I love this place!!   Its a great spot to take people who are new to the entire hookah experience.  The hookah is generally good,  the tea and coffee are great, and the environment is awesome.  I enjoy that the staff is generally attentive but not intrusivly so.  Everyone is so laid back, friendly, and just generally fun.  I have hit a few 'off' nights but I suppose every small venue is entitled to a few.  I'll keep going back!!
5	This is the best hookah. I have every been to. We walk in and the service is great. They take us to the V.I.P section for free. Then come with good drinks, good food & good hookah.
5	I have nothing bad to say about this place. The people that work here are so friendly. Great customer service. They talk you through what flavors you might like, always checking on your goals, etc. The atmosphere is nice. I usually smoke outside because I don't like the mixture of smells inside. Try the guava mint!
1	Requires you the purchase everything from drinks, and extra fees for people who aren't even smoking. Seriously? This place I do not recommend at all. Try a different hookah place.
2	Hookah is hookah. I don't particular like to partake in it, but my friends do. Since the night was young, I got dragged along to come here and just hang out. The service was straightforward and they will give you suggestions if you're indecisive. However, what I didn't like is their drink policy. It's mandatory that everyone (whether they are going to smoke or not) order a drink. I just don't get it: am I paying to take up a seat, or am I paying some non-smoking hookah fee? They had a large section of teas with different flavors and combinations as well as soft drinks. I settled for a bottle of water (that I did not even bother to open since I wasn't even parched) and just sat there and patiently waited for my friends to finish their leisure activity. Overall, it was good experience because we were outside instead of inside, so it was not overwhelming. In addition, the music was not that loud. Though I don't often venture into these  types of establishments, I do appreciate the service they're trying to achieve despite their unorthodox approach on their drink policy.
3	pretty expensive for a hookah place, and you have to buy a drink..including water. 4 people was $50
2	Outside patio seating = awesomeness!I made a last minute decision to go out and smoke some hookah on a Saturday night. It was fun, I like the atmosphere, the server was nice, but the experience was just ok. The flavor selection is generous, which I personally prefer. The initial server that we had couldn't explain a flavor to me. I wanted to know what "Lady Gaga" flavor was and she said, "It's hard to explain, but I don't think you'd like it".  Me, "????" Her: "It's just not popular, but I can't really explain." I mean, if she doesn't know, that's fine. Just go ask someone who does, but to say I wouldn't like it without any explanation and having never met me before, how the heck does that qualify as an acceptable response?After we ordered "Fruit Loops" (which was good), the lady who dropped off our order was really great. She gave me an actual description of Lady Gaga (which, it turns out, I wouldn't have liked so the OG lady was right!). Additionally, she checked on us after we ordered because our first server was chatting at a table with her friends the entire time we were there. I've been to a few different hookah places in the Summerlin area and I liked the music and the vibe at Azuza better than some of the other places, but the service was just ok, aside from the really great lady who helped us at the end of our visit.
5	By far one of the best hookah lounges I've been to in Las Vegas. The staff is amazing and the atmosphere is enjoyable. Definitely going to return and refer friends and family to Azuza.
4	Azuza is right across the street from CSN Charleston. This location accepts those 18+ as their other location is 21+, which at the time i wasn't 21 so going here was perfect, as once i was done with classes for the day and felt like relaxing with a bowl of hookah and a good group of people, it was just right across the street.My previous experiences here were superb! Prices are typical, the tea is very tasty, and the ambience is nice and dark to cool off from the heat. During summer, i wouldn't suggest staying outside on their furniture, but during fall or spring when its cooler i would be ideal!Customer service is great, the coals are often checked on and replaced, and when i say often i mean almost every 10 to 15 minutes, many lounges i've experienced only replace the coals once they're out, and service is quite slow. Thats just me, i've read better reviews, but i guess i just can't get the service except here at Azuza on Charleston.
2	This place used to be Azuza but after they went through that period where they only open on the weekends, they reopened under a different name: BlaQcaT ultra hookah lounge. the place has been remodeled with more sofas for a more "shared" feeling. dj seems to have changed too.. I liked the old music they used to play better. they don't honor the yelp check in refill anymore. the hookahs don't hit as nicely as they did in the past, and they don't last as long either. service has also gotten worse. the type of crowd that comes here is different. the minimum one drink per person has stayed the same as well as hookah prices but I really don't like this place anymore. everything has changed.. and not in a good way. this used to be my favorite place to come but now it's eh.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. Went there with a party of 8. The lady explained we can only split the bill any two ways with cash/card. This is the most overpriced place I've been to in Vegas and as a local I've tried Laziza, Cloud Nine, Sitara, and some others which are all even far better than this place. The booth is even uncomfortable because the wall that you lay your back against is vertically straight. The lighting is dimmer than most places, music is ok. Hookah flavors are extremely limited and they only allow one hookah to TWO people?! This is unheard of..most places allow up to four people. On top of that, everyone is required to get a drink which is another $8 even bottled water is $3. I'd rather go to Sitara where their drinks are half the price and actually delicious. I've never seen a hookah bill as high as this night..we could've just bought our own quality hookahs and shisha to smoke with the amount we paid. The people only came once or twice to attend the coal and by then it was already harsh. We got our bill and the lady told us we can only split it in HALF when earlier they explained they could split it any two ways...said the computer didn't allow them to. Please do our group a favor and don't ever come to this place. If you want to go to a hookah bar on the strip go to Rhumbar..$65 unlimited smoking and NO limit to how many people per hookah, nice view, decent drinks for the strip.
