4	Being recently engaged, I've been on somewhat of a rampage doing wedding planning and that includes shopping for THE dress.  So, far I've been to David's Bridal, Alfred Angelo, and Celebrations Bridal in town.  Accept for the David's Bridal on Sahara, the rest have been extremely lukewarm in terms of service. Bridal Elegant gave me a breath of fresh air and positive energy.  Though when I went last two days ago, they have not moved into the main store front (Suite 110) due to unit improvement set backs, they still were able to provide me attentive service in their temporary unit (Suite 250, upstairs in the back).  Rachel and Brayde are very easy to work with, and when I think that I found my dress, they let me put it back on to take another look at it.Conclusion:  There may not be a good selection now because they are stuck in a temporary place.  The new store front looks huge, so I anticipate much better selection in the near future whenever they get to move in.
4	Ive been engaged for over 2 years now and have been planning my wedding for just as long, we are getting married in 44 days and I'm mostly finished with all the planning, except for a veil. I've been looking for a veil for 2 years now and hadn't found one I liked until Today! and not only did I get the perfect veil it was only $50.00.  If you have been shopping around for veils then you'd know they cost more like $135- $200. I couldn't believe that it was so inexpensive, and it was a special order. Also the girl(s) that helped me (Michelle) was so nice. Also they just starting carrying Essence of Australia which I had to order mine from Montana, so try this place first, they are pretty awesome!!  I gave them only 4 because they didn't have any Jewelry that I liked. Also I didn't have an Appointment and they helped me with no problem.
2	I came here with my mom for wedding gowns from the other side of town. I was really disappointed after I checked their collections. I visited "Celebration and Bridal" and "Bowties tuxedo & bridal" a day before I checked out this shop. All I can say about this shop is that it looks like a boutique but it doesn't carry any good designer gowns! Both "Celebration and Bridal" and "Bowties tuxedo & bridal" have lots of beautiful designer gowns with lots of options. I totally felt wasting of my time here!!! However their price range here is definitely much lower than "Celebration and Bridal" and "Bowties tuxedo & bridal".
5	The girls here are wonderful! I love how the changed the new store and upgraded the designer dresses! :) Sadly, I did not purchase my dress here, but I did get my alterations done here. The seamstress was amazing! I ordered my dress from another place and they ordered it in the wrong size!! I'm a size 12, they ordered a size 18! And I went from store to store to find an affordable seamstress and I came across Bridal Elegant. The seamstress did a beautiful job on my dress within perfect timing of my wedding :) She took it in in the bust and waist and she did a great job with my hem, and even added to the plentiful pickups I had! Overall the experience was AMAZING! I wish I ordered my dress here from the start! I'll probably come here for a lovely evening gown since they have a great collection of Sheri Hill and Jovani
4	Great set up in the store, beautiful dresses to choose from, too.  I luckily had found this place by driving by and then looking them up via YELP, phew.  I called to set up an appointment the day prior and they said they could fit me in...bonus!  She took my name and info, and asked me what I was looking for in a dress, which I luckily have been educated on that lingo.  When we got to the shop, I was in awe at their set up.  They have a big stage, and couches for those to "Ooooh and Ahhhh" at you as you display your dress.  I didn't really browse through the dresses, I depended on my consultant, Ramona to do that.  I'm not your average bride that has "the dress" picked out.  I've kind of been avoiding it...eeeek! I'm seriously all new to this.  The day prior I went to David's Bridal, so I can do a bit of comparison to that.  The dresses they carry are more of what I'm looking for.  Maggie Sotterro I guess was the brand I was leaning towards.  I didn't get any pressure from Ramona, in fact she even gave me a little feedback as to when I decided to choose 2 totally different dresses.  I haven't bought anything yet, but wanted to put it out there that this place is a great place to visit.  Depending on my journey and the dress I do decide to choose, I still anticipate returning here.
3	I was pleasantly surprised by this store.  Making an appointment was easy and upon arrival they quickly gave me a run down on the dresses, etc.  The girls working that day were very friendly without being overly pushy.  They allowed my friend and I to look through all the dresses and select the ones I wanted to try on.  However, they did discuss with me what I was looking for and pulled a few dresses as well.  The store is very cozy with a nice sitting area that friends and family can rest and enjoy the dress trying show.  The girls were good at clipping the dresses to fit and offering suggestions for belt pairings as well.  Really the reason they get only 3.5 stars for me....pricing....same dress and designer from 3 bridal stores in town all priced differently.  I saw a Maggie Sottero dress that was in the running and decided to get price quotes from each of the three main bridal shops in town. Bridal elegant came in with the highest price, Celebrations 2nd highest, Bowtie bridal the lowest.  I emailed the store and asked if they would consider matching the price of their competitors but I never got a response back...or I guess the response would be no.  I still would recommend going to this store since they have some designers that other stores in town don't carry and they have quite a wide selection of dresses but for those budget conscious...make sure you make a price comparison before purchasing!  You might be able to find the same dress for less :)
1	This was the first place I went to looking for wedding dresses and I had no clue what to expect.  I tried to be as prepared as possible so I printed out a few dresses I had in mind.  When I arrived with my mother, the store was empty and the girls working there were nice and greeted us.  They asked if I had brought along pictures and I gave the few I had printed.  They basically looked through them, pointed to the racks and were like, here are the dresses we have, look through them and let us know if need any help, pointing to the two racks they have.  They didn't recommend ones that looked like ones I had shown them, they pretty much just left it as a free for all for us to go through while they stood behind the counter and chatted with each other.It also doesn't help that all of the dresses were in plastic bags and were packed with little room on the racks to move them and get an idea of what the dress looks like.  My mom and I picked a few and I needed help tying some of them to try them on. When we asked them to help us (the dresses were sizes 8 or 10s and I'm a 4 so we needed clamps for all the extra dress) they rolled their eyes but came to assist.  After three dresses I had decided I had had enough of this experience.  I didn't finish trying on the other two dresses I had pulled, thanked them for their time, and went down the street to Celebrations Bridal.
4	The first time I went to Bridal Elegant, I didn't find at all what I was looking for but got lucky my second time there. I actually loved seeing the girl, CJ, that helped me on the day I picked my dress and at all my appointments after that. I don't know if it was coincidence that she was always at my appointments, but she made me feel comfortable and it was nice to see a familiar face each time I went there that knew about me. CJ was SO helpful when I tried on dresses, because I must have pulled about 12+ dresses that day. She was patient and was so excited for me when I found my dress and knew it was the one - she said she almost cried, too! The seamstress, Brenda, was really great. She always had my best interest in mind in terms of alterations but accommodated the minor changes here and there that I wanted to make. There were a few times where my schedule didn't seem to mix with Brenda's, but we figured it out. In terms of cleanliness, I like when the dress shops have them in bags - it may be a nuisance sometimes but it just makes me feel like they really take care of their dresses and how they put them back on the rack. I will send my sister and friends to Bridal Elegant when their time comes and hope they get lucky, too!
5	Soooo happy with this diamond in the rough!! I'm here in Las Vegas by my self, so the thought of going wedding dress shopping was pretty intimidating.I'm so glad this was the first (and only) place I went to!The staff was absolutely amazing/friendly! My go to sales rep was Ramona! She's such a doll, and truly felt like a friend after all was said and done.I did say yes to a beautiful Maggie Sottero gown!! It was very much so reasonably price & truly a stunning dress!!The in house seamstress also gets a 5 star rating!
5	So definitely 3 stars while they were in business. But now that they are going out of business, this is a 5+ star rating.  The gowns, veils, accessories (sashes/hair pieces), bridesmaid dresses, flower girl dresses are all 75% off.  The only sizes they have are 8-16 for wedding dresses, but you can always get them altered down if you are smaller.  Veils were ~$15, hair accessories ~$20, sashes $20-50, dresses as low as $275 for designer gowns like Casablanca.  They have more expensive brands as well.  They are only open by appointments now and still have quite a few dresses available.  Come running if you are a bride and want a steal for a dress.  These dresses are a great quality for cheaper than David's Bridal prices!
