4	This course was fun. It is located just north of Bell road and west of 115th avenue in Surprise. Every cart has ProLink GPS system that provides the Scorecast "live leader board" on every cart so that you can view the top 10 leader board during the course of every tournament. In the past, I have had some issues with the accuracy of these GPS systems and instead of choosing the wrong club, Sky Caddie was there to bail me out. We tried to use the Sky Caddie at several locations that we thought the GPS must be wrong but instead of being right, the sky Caddie said the same thing as the cart did. Pleasant surprise.... This course is situated below the level of the surrounding community and more than once we heard the crack of a golf ball bouncing off a home. The group behind us wasn't very accurate! It seemed like the front nine was a little more narrow than the back and that each fairway featured a small but strategically placed landing area for each tee shot. This lead me to believe that a greater premium was placed on accuracy rather than length and the less skilled player would be more inclined to play from the Black Tees. We played from the green and had a good challenging round. Unlike most courses out here, this one provides elevation changes from tee to green and and very well-placed sand-bunkers with a fine grained sand. This is not one of those "cement sand traps" that hasn't seen maintenance in years. They were plush and hittable. The course website claims, "The Arthur Jack Snyder and Forrest Richardson design provides exceptionally well maintained links-style fairways and greens along rolling terrain. The course weaves around four tranquil lakes and rolling sand dunes, which provides for endless serenity and breathtaking vistas." I would agree to this 100%. It was pleasant all around and the overall great weather helped out The club offered a limited distance driving range and instead of the normal driving range ball, they offered practice balls with accented dimples. It was a strange feeling hitting these practice balls and I hit less than 30. The chipping and putting area was well maintained and provided enough room for several people to practice without feeling crowded. Play was exceptionally slow and our 1:45 start time led to a 6:30 finish with several groups still behind us. Needless to say, get an early time and enjoy the day. We all enjoyed this course very much and felt that the Golfnow.com price of $21 was just right.
3	I'll start off by saying this course is a blast, and it's a good value.  It's shorter than a standard course, but it as some interesting challenges.  The most memorable hole is, I believe, the 8th hole, where you have to hit it up a large stone wall onto the green.I've played it twice, and it was in pretty good shape both times.The last time we played, the way the rangers handled the pace was disastrous.  They spaced the groups only about five minutes apart, which was absurd.  At one point, the group behind us was asked to move up on one of the holes, which left them justifiably angry, especially considering the bottleneck was about three groups up.  It's clear they don't know how to handle crowds there, but they can start by allowing more than five minutes between tee times, and address any bottlenecks by rushing the group that is actually playing too slowly.
1	terrible conditions in prime time of year. mickey mouse layout. skip it.
2	I enjoyed playing there. Staff was friendly. We played the first tee time out so we where able to play fast but when we where finished the course was packed. I will go back because its economical to play.
4	I usually wait until Wednesday or Thursday to book a tee time, and like to use GolfHub to find good deals. I saw that GolfHub had posted about a $27 tee time that included a hot dog and a drink. I went to the website, and saw that they had $12 tee times after 1 PM. I have no issues playing in the afternoon, so I grabbed a cheaper tee time. I also had a $10 voucher from GolfHub, so my tee time was practically free.The golf course is not easy to find. Once I found it, I realized they had a pretty weak practice facility. The range is small, and they use distance control golf balls. Their putting green is nice, but I felt the greens on the course were a bit slower than what I was practicing on. Speaking of the golf course, it wasn't in very good shape. Granted, it's summer... but still. There were fairways that I couldn't even hit out of they were so burned up. I also had some flyer lies in the rough... which was sometimes shorter than the fairway. There are also some unfair holes, especially on the back. Regardless, the course makes you think and you have to hit decent golf shots to score here.The staff was incredible. I was VERY pleased with the way I was treated. I showed up early, and was allowed to tee off before my tee time. The course wasn't busy, and I managed to get around in just over 2 hours. Granted, I played by myself and used a cart. But that is still a fast round. I passed one group all day, and they let me play through. Oh, and the GPS in the cart is nice. They also provided two bottles of water in the golf cart.For $12 ($2 for me, really) I couldn't pass it up. I am sure the course is in better shape in the winter. It was a long drive for me, too... but I am driving all over the Valley to play. I love it here, and no drive is too far for some quality golf. I would play here again, but I would like to see some better playing conditions. Can't beat the rate, though.
4	We just spent a week golfing in Phoenix! We tried 3 different courses in the area and this one was our favourite. It was the best value for price of the 3, so we went back and golfed it again!Where do I begin?The golf carts came with a great GPS system and digital scorecard that was easy to program & use. You could email yourself your score at the end of the round (free wifi was also available near the clubhouse). We started off the day with one of the wedgewich (I believe that's what it was called) breakfast sandwiches in the clubhouse. They were delicious! And iced coffee (yum!).Green fee's included a bottle of water for each golfer in the cooler attached to the cart. Beers were just $3 from the beer cart (best price we saw on our trip).The course itself was well maintained. It was a simple but narrow course. Some holes are lined with houses, some with beautiful ponds (we saw turtles & some big fish in one of them) and one hole with a terrifying rock wall you have to play (hardest hole on the course for me).The staff were super friendly and helpful too! They even remembered us when we came back for our 2nd round!It's an older crowd and seemed like a lot of locals. (I think I was one of the youngest people there by about 20 years) but a great relaxing course.I will be back again for sure!
4	Always one of my favorite Phoenix area golf experiences. ~$50 for peak season weekend round. Some challenging holes and "desert punishment" like most in the area. Great staff in all areas. Limited flight driving range to warm up. If it were in Scottsdale, it would easily be twice-to-thrice-the-price. Worth the trip, less than 10 miles off the AZ Loop.
3	We all liked playing golf here.  Service and friendliness were good.  This place is best for straight hitters as the fairways were long and narrow.  Nice looking holes and very challenging greens.
