5	I love coming to Indulge! Great atmosphere and talented staff. My sister comes all the way from Illinois to get her and my nieces hair done. No one else touches our hair!!!!
1	Let me start by saying - I do NOT like leaving negative reviews... but looking at my hair every morning for the last couple of weeks made me do so. Found Indulge on Weekly Plus with one of their special deals for a color and cut and had the stylist by the name of Antwaun. The deal was pretty sweet and the place is near work and of course the 2 existing Yelp reviews were 5 stars.. so I purchased.The first red flag was when I tried to call for an appointment and the 2 phones listed on the deal kept ringing and ringing... I understand small business are busy, but not a good start. What did  raise the real flag though, was when I was told while booking that the deal did NOT include styling or even a simple blow dry. Really?! Every salon other then Supercuts and such do include that with your hair cut.. After all - look at the price of a cut at Indulge - shouldn't that include a simple blow dry?! I do know some of these deals are specifically tailored, but who in the world would want to go get her hair done at lunch break and walk back to work with dripping wet hair? Not me! So... needles to say, to avoid the extra charge (which is not little!) I opted out from the color, with which Antwaun was very accommodating and asked for a simple blow dry instead. Boy, Am I glad I did!!! No, Really, huge relief I did not trust him with my color as well.. Hair grows out and can be cut again in a few weeks...but a messed up color can take months and destroy hair to be fixed. The main reason for my One star review is that in my humble opinion this guy cut my hair worst than any  hair stylist student I have been too. I will go as far as saying the worst hair cut I have ever had! Period. I pointed my concerns out to him while I was there and he assured me that in a couple of weeks and when my hair is styled it will look like what the cut was intended to be. To give him the benefit of the doubt I waited two weeks to write this review... and guess what, my cut is not looking any better... Someone suggested that instead leaving a bad review (as I mentioned I don't really like doing that) i call Antwaun and explain and ask for a redo. No way I am trusting him again with the scissors. Sorry. I am just being honest.    PS - he frowned at the $15 tip I left him (not sure why I left him any, as I left the salon pretty unhappy !?). Also not sure what the other reviewers are talking about - the decorations, the space, atmosphere, the parking and all that - it is a little 3 chair room in a beauty mall, nothing special, paid parking cross the street (unless the clients of the salon can use free underground parking, which I was not made aware of).. But these are just the little things..
2	The positive reviews here clearly came from family or friends that work here. I used a groupon (or something similar) for cut and color and firstly could not find the salon in the unlabeled room in the hallway of rented salon rooms. I had to go door to door asking for them, which was embarrassing enough. Then I was told that color would be extra for my longer hair (which make sense). I ended up declining the hair color part for the added $$ reason, and just asked for the haircut man to make it look nice without cutting too much off. In the end he took about an inch off at the ends, no layering, no cutting to creating a style at all. I literally could have done the same thing in 5 minutes with a pair of kitchen scissors. To be fair I could have been a lot more aggressive to get what I wanted, i.e. exclaiming that I would not pay for extra color as it was not written in the details of the coupon, demanding that the man cut my hair into an actual style, etc, but I should not have to. That's not the kind of person I am, and if this is the kind of place that requires you to do that then I will not be back and would not recommend to anyone.
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS SALON! I'm not sure about the hair services but I went to Shanae for a Partial lash extensions and she glued all my eyelashes together causing unbearable pain and when I got them off by a license professional (I work at Dolce Salon and Spa, why I didn't just get them done there I don't know!) she refused to give me my money back and said she was no longer liable. When I asked to see her license and certificate she came back with a piece of paper with her number on it and said she did not have any certificate for lash extensions because she "didn't need one". First off, I'm in the process of launching a formal complaint with her to the AZ board of cosmetology, when I contacted them and told them she had no license publicly visible nor on hand they said they would be visiting her salon ASAP because that is a HUGE fine. Secondly she could have permanately damaged my lashes and the esthetcian that was at work said it was the worst job she had ever seen and it took her several tries to even get the lashes off. Honestly I'm only writing this reveiw because I know for sure she's probably going to get a huge fine and may even get shut down so I would STAY AWAY, especially if you are going for lashes.
1	I really really don't like leaving anything negative, it sucks the energies right out of you.  I feel it's important that other people know. I'm not posting about the entire place just on the person that did my hair. I showed the stylist  a picture of what I wanted, color wise. She said she was a "color expert" & I believed her. after 3 hours of getting over processed, i left there with my hair falling out. Ended up having to go to another salon & having it redone that day. The hairstylist, who was nice, texted me asking what I thought because I left in a hurry (mortified) I didn't respond right back because I was so angry,  so responded 3 hours later. Telling her my displeasure. Sending her a split screen of what she said it would look like, what it ended up looking like & what it look liked AFTER spending $200 to fix it. $300 day I wasn't expecting. I thought she would do the right thing and refund me my money, she didn't. AGAIN, this isn't towards the whole salon, just the one stylist.. I did keep the picture just in case I needed proof. Beautiful Salon, but know your stylist before putting your head in their hands :)
5	Antwaun can cut men's hair, I know that, and he does a great job at it.  I can't speak to women's cuts because I'm not a women but, he gave me one of the best hair cuts I've ever had.  He's also a very nice, very deferential individual.  His shop is very clean and very relaxing too.  One more thing, I never met Antwaun before he cut my hair so I'm not giving him a good review to promote his business, I'm giving him one because he earned it.
