5	I was very pleased with how easy and accessible this process has become. We took the online course which was great because it is not only a lot cheaper but allows you to go at your own pace. Once you are done taking the online course you just show up at the TAM office during testing hours to take the final exam (25 Questions). The staff is very friendly and helpful when you get there.We showed up a bit before they re-opened doors after lunch at 2PM and there were a few people waiting outside. Once the doors opened they directed people to the appropriate areas based on whether they were registering for the course or needed to just take the test. Honestly, I was shocked at how many people were actually taking the course in person. I did that a few years back before they offered online courses and I really don't see the point of it. I understand some people learn better in  person or are computer illiterate, but this course is so easy I think you would be crazy not to take the online course from the comfort of your own home.My only recommendation is not to show up right at the time the class starts as they do take all the people that are their to register first before they free up computers for the testers. Not a huge deal as it only took about 15 minutes before we could get started. The test took all of about 5 minutes and is really easy (I only got 1 wrong), you take a quick picture and BOOM you are all set to go.Extra Bonus: It's in the same plaza as FIREFLY! If you have time you could always go celebrate after you ace your exam  :)
5	In my quest to have a more diverse line-up of jobs than Homer Simpson, one of my more recent gigs led me to TAM of Nevada.You can take the class either online or in person, but I opted to go in person in case I had any pre-test questions.It's about a three hour class, and the instructor realizes that it's a long course, so he made sure to pepper the discussion with casual humor, and actually made a lot of the facts and dos/don'ts interesting.  I never realized how much precaution and observation goes into pouring/serving drinks.  It's definitely changed my outlook on the whole bar process.The test is easy... as long as you pay attention in class.  The instructor makes it pretty clear what you'll need to pay attention to, so as long as you watch the videos, listen, and ask questions, you'll make it through.Sure, I was a little nervous, but the information is concise, and the instructor was friendly, so at the end of the day, I aced the test, and am now a card carrying TAM member.  When the time comes that you find a job that you will need these skills, the class is manageable and affordable.  My only real issue is that I'm not the best early riser, and when choosing the first morning class and then being required to study for anything that early....Man, there just isn't enough coffee in the world for that.
5	So work requires me to get a TAM card because i do deliver booze on occasion.Found TAM of Nevada though google searches and decided to go with them because also found  discount code off of retailmenot.com It's convention season during the time of me attempting to get this card so i opted for the online class instead of in person actual class class. The online class was simple to navigate with some corny over exaggerated videos showing the ideal situation and how to handle it. They also integrated a few games as well. The rest of it was pretty dry and dull with maybe a sentence or two then you have to click next and go on to the next screen. Some of the games i found were unloadable for some reason or another so i just complete bypassed it. So a month later i finally finished the 3 hour course and was ready to go get my Tam Card. I gave myself an hour and a half window to go in and take the test before i had to drop everything and hurry off to work. Location-wise it's in the same plaza as Firefly Tapas which was a nice surprise. I went in and looked around for a bout a minute before one of the staff came back to the front and asked if i was here for class or test. She directed me to a laptop and asked me to login with my registered ID and password and to launch the exam. There was another person in front of me that struck up a chatty storm with the staff but once they noticed that i was anxious to get the hell outta there they quickly wrapped up with the previous lady and looked up my results. After this it was picture time, double check ID, print out the card, sign some stuff and leave. Time it took to take the class - about a month on and off...sooo boringTime it took to take the exam - about 15 minutesIf only the DMV or the Health District were this efficient. Yelp 100 - 003 of 100
5	I don't find this a "scam". Take the online class. It is $24 and you can do it as home. Instead of $35, sitting in a classroom... As soon as you take the "practice exam" on your computer, you can go in and take the real test, and get your card. I was done in 10minutes. See you in a few years............The guy at the desk was nice too...
3	The online class was very easy and convenient. I paid $24.95 for the online class. It took about 2 1/2 hours. I went to the office and took the exam. I finished in about ten minutes. It took about five more minutes to get my card. The only complaint I have is that they moved the office a few years ago from Rainbow & Sahara all the way over to Paradise Rd. It's a long drive from the West side.
