4	I like a wee bit of Caffe Nero now and again, it's a refreshing change from Starbucks and they do exceptionally good hot chocolate. I can't drink coffee as it brings my face out in a rash and the caffeine overload makes me feel drunk to the point where I start asking the mug where it's been all my life. I remember having some strong coffee when I was in Italy, stumbling home and waking up the next morning with a splitting headache.So I don't humiliate myself anymore and instead opt for a nice hot choc' or a wee cup of tea. This Caffe Nero has to be my favourite as it has an outdoor seating area which is perfect to sit out on a summers day. I sat outside here just the other day and there was a street performer right outside singing Johnny Cash songs, he was great and it was a really relaxing way to spend the afternoon.
4	For whatever reason, both my parents seem to like a trip to Caffe Nero. Where ever we are, when they need a coffee fix we head to Caffe Nero. And rightly so. It doesn't quite have it's arse in the air the same way Costa and Starbucks do. There coffee is usually nicer and so are those frozen drink thingys that are so trendy. They also have a good selection of non coffee drinks so if you want some juice you actually have a good choice. Plus they do fruit bowls, yoghurt's and yummy cakes.
4	One thing these people aren't good at is rendering themselves friendly to search engines. I tried "Cafe Nerro" and "Cafe Nero" before getting the third time lucky. Thankfully their hot beverages are a bit better than their controversial spelling. A chain coffee outlet, but not one so huge that you feel you're selling your soul to those capitalist pigs, it's all fairly standard coffees, teas, muffins and sarnies. Even if it's not a life-changing event, I'm very particular about my cappuccino, and so far Caffe Nero hasn't disappointed. There's also some outside seating, a bit of a bonus given it's location in Rose Street. Like Eleanor, I'm also prone to get a bit giddy after too much coffee, and it still surprises me just how close to short-term drunkenness the feeling is. A couple of double espressos and I'm a motormouthing, foot-tapping nutter.
4	Now and again I like to mix things up with the chain coffee shops, and here say now I felt like doing just that.As CN has moved into the fort, I thought i give this shiney, squeaky new baby a whirl.  It's almost like the actual building was made for this purpose.  It has a great mezzanie, which gives massives of height to the front of the store.  Plenty of seating, although it looks like it can get pretty full very quickly.Staff were pretty friendly too, although behind the counter for them it looks ergonomically a tight squeeze serving us customers going back and forward.I had a toasted panani with mozzerella and grilled peppers and milano hot chocolate - I just would like the hot chocolate to be full if request no cream and hotter than it was with or without cream.  Coffee is ok too.  Nice change to sbux or costa and a nice addition to the fort.
