5	Now days how often do you actually have to walk into a bank?  I don't do it that often personally.  So I don't know if this is a new trend or if it's just because this location is new - but the waiting area here looks like some fancy Dr's office or something.  There's a TV inset into the wall, tuned into a 24/hr news station.  Below that are 4 rows of back-lit shelving that go across the wall to hold magazines and newspapers.  People.  Fortune.  USA Today.  Are you serious???  I mean, I know Banks already are making too much money for them to know what to do with, but who decided that they should spend it on 30 magazine subscriptions and back-lit shelving?  Gotta say, the wait in line on a Saturday, which would have been otherwise pretty icky as can be expected, was totally improved by that TV.  Everyone in line was watching it.  No deep sighs at the wait.  No frustrated looking at the watch every 2 minutes.  Hmm... Maybe that was money well spent?  Heck, if they're going to blow their money, it's nice that they're at least wasting it on making their customer's lives easier.
1	I bank here quite often and usually have no complaints.  However, I recently had to see a notary (free service to BoA clients) and had to wait more than 30 minutes for one to assist me w/ a special circumstance (the first bailed out FAST when she learned that it wasn't going to be a quick seal stamp and signature).  I ended up having to leave in order to make it to another appointment in Tempe in time.  Thank goodness there was a BoA branch right on Mill Ave!  A notary named Chris was able to assist me w/o making me feel like I was inconveniencing her!
1	Like I say EVERY TIME I leave a BofA, I hope that every branch burns down to the ground. With nobody in any of them of course, but this organization needs to sustain such a financial hit to feel how HORRIBLE they are to their customers, and how many lives they have ruined.  I hope they go belly up one day.  Not this specific branch, BUT all of them.But this branch DOES suck. Just like all of them do.P.S. When I'm waiting 30 minutes to talk to the ONE office guy that's there, don't play on the computer looking at hotel rooms and rental car prices and COMPLETELY ignore me two awful greeters by the front door (one black dude, and one skinny brunette hispanic chick). Also, short female hispanic manager, who I know could have helped me with my issue. Do not stare at me saying absolutely nothing while you walk by me repeatedly to go talk to the losers by the front door and giggle. I wish I had names.
1	Worst customer service..!! If you plan to open an account don't believe it will take 15 minutes to be helped. It's actually more like an hour..!!
