4	Excellent deli sandwich shop near Central Library. Lots of fillings and a variety of rolls to put them in. Reasonably priced and very friendly. And they do rolls n' sausage in the morning too! Lifesaver!
4	The great thing about the Global Deli is that from a mile off, it is hard to miss. In fact, this simple thing is the reason I first entered Global, and Im glad that I did.The deli is simply amazing - a huge range of things to choose from, and always full of returning customers who know how great this place really is.Panninis, rolls, sandwiches - they do it all, either choose from the menu or ask nicely and create your own. The food is always prepared infront of you, including the morning rolls that they do (sausages and bacon etc), so a feeling of freshness is always there.The global Deli is a great place to grab a tasty, and fresh something to eat.
4	Situated across from Salt and Pepper and the outstanding Mediterranean Gate, Global Deli has a couple of big-hitters in the sandwich / wrap trade to contend with. For my money, it can't quite compete with those two for the top prizes, but is still good enough to be more than worth a visit.Nothing too out of the ordinary, with a menu dominated by sandwiches, paninis and soups, but all fresh, tasty and inexpensive enough to pick up a solid four stars.
5	Like the grovelling, snivelling rat that I am, it's time to crawl back to Global Deli and beg their forgiveness for the pitifully low 4 stars I awarded them before.In hindsight, I should have perhaps tried more than the breakfast rolls before dishing out the scores, but after todays brie, bacon and guacamole toasted ciabatta, there's only one score to give. Utterly, utterly wonderful, and the thought of getting another tomorrow is actually making me look forward to going to work.In a street with three fantastic sarnie / takeaway bars right next to each other, I wasn't initially sure if Global could compete. I stand corrected, it's the best of the lot.
5	Global Deli is a great find if you're feeling peckish and looking for a sarnie, panini or any other lunchtime snack. They have a particularly tasty toasty ciabatta with salami and salsa it's delish.The staff are friendly and the prices are very reasonably for absolutely outstanding goodies.
4	Wow!!! Global make amazing sandwiches. Fact. They have a really good menu and great staff, I had such a laugh as I was waiting for my chicken Panini. The guy making it said he would add in some extra;s, if I didn't mind. I battered my eyelids and blushed, of course not, handsome sandwich man with sexy accent!!The only thing that puts me off Global is the location....I find it difficult to eat and walk, I prefer to sit down somewhere comfortable and enjoy my lunch, but being where it is I had to go find a bench. ok it wasn't difficult to find one, but kinda wish it was closer to my flat. Ok that's selfish, but handsome sandwich man had a VERY sexy accent.
4	Serrano Ham and brie ciabiatta, but toasted. Simple pleasure in life and nice smiles from the staff. They have a lot more besides and their soups are good too I'm becoming a regular.
4	Fab choice of fillings for panini's, focaccia's, rolls etc. proper oven baked baked potatoes too.Great, friendly service and although it's busy, the queue moves quickly. Reasonably priced, competes well with other lunch shops in the area.
