1	My one-star rating is mainly because the wings from Pizza Hut are god awful and I want to warn people before purchasing them.  If you want to get a pizza from them, go right ahead, but steer clear of their selection of wings! A night or so ago I was having a craving for wings - and let me tell you Yelpers, it was a terrible craving.  I ordered Pizza Hut's medium wings and lemon pepper wings.The first thing wrong with both types, was how they make/prepare them.  The wings that I drool over and always end up craving later are the kind that are fried or baked until the skin on the outside of the wing is crispy.  Then, obviously, they drown these wings in sauce and bam you've got yourself something to die for. Pizza Hut's wings?  They actually coat the wings in a very, VERY thick cake-like batter and cook them that way.  They then coat the wing in a select type of sauce (that is poorly made as well).  You go to take a bite and the majority of what you get is batter!  If you're lucky to get meat off of the bones, which I barely was, you get a thick flap of wet (not crispy) chicken skin and what appears to be STEAM cooked meat. The sauce they coat the batter in is anything but extraordinary.  The medium-hot wings I got had a super strong smell of vinegar coming off of them but little to no heat/spice level at all.  My lips didn't burn while I ate them and my tongue wasn't crying for a time-out.  Yes, yes, I know!  I got the MEDIUM ones but generally they have SOME heat to them, right?  Wrong.  Perhaps my taste buds are growing immune but the level of heat on the medium wings was just downright criminal.I had high expectations of their lemon pepper wings, as those are my favorite kind of wings, but I turned out to be sorely disappointed.  They were horrific and this is what made it or broke it for me.  Clearly in the name of the type of chicken wings, there should NOT be a level of overpowering sweetness, correct?  I took a bite of a wing covered in what appeared to be a gooey sauce with specks of pepper in it and I was totally turned off.  The sauce was SUGARY.  I've never tasted lemon pepper wings anywhere where it tastes as though they put honey in it or some form of sugar.  I could barely taste the kick of pepper.  To be quite frank, I don't think they put any sort of pepper in it because all I tasted was the sweetness.  It tasted like someone slathered a battered up piece of meat in syrup.  If I wanted something like that, I would have gone into a reputable restaurant and ordered chicken and waffles. Needless to say, I am thoroughly grossed out and never touching anything 'wing' related by this company anymore.  Truthfully, I don't even want to touch anything Pizza Hut makes at all because this experience has not only left me feeling physically sick from the poor quality of the food, but it was expensive and a complete waste.  Never again.
1	Very disappointed with this location. 2 out of the last 3 times, my pizza was not made correctly nor was it fresh when it was delivered or picked up. The "manager" (who immediately claimed to be the manager as soon as I said I would like to complain about my order, sound fishy at all?) was totally disrespectful when I called to complain and told me that I did not order the pizza correctly. I  asked for extra sauce on my pizza, I clicked on it online. how is there a wrong way to do that? He then suggested that I click it twice for extra extra sauce when in reality that marks and unmarks the box for extra sauce. He told me that he had been back there making all the pizzas all day and that he made it just how I ordered it. He then proceeded to tell me to have a nice day and hung up on me. Unbelievable. If I could give them no stars, I would.
2	The deep pan was doughy and seemed in cooked,  we live a block away from the store , it took an hour and our pizza was not hot, just above warm.  The Chicken wings were hot and good that's why I gave them two stars.    We might give them another chance in a month or two.   Pizza lovers give them a try they might get it right.  We went a cross a street to the other pizza a place.
5	I honestly can't believe they have so many bad reviews.  We don't order pizza often and normally it wouldn't be Pizza Hut but this location is wonderful. The ladies are so friendly and the pizza is really good. Like good good not just good for Pizza Hut. Once they made a mistake on our order and just gave us a free pizza and re made another for us.  I like veggies in my side and they always load it up. Honestly it's the only pizza I want to order.
