5	Great customer service!!! We brought our mini van in to have some scratches in the paint looked at. They were able to buff them out & didn't charge us a thing! They also fixed a problem with our drivers side door that we had, for free without us even asking them to...they just noticed it & fixed it. Soooo nice of them! You just don't find companies with this kind of customer care anymore! Thank you Red Mountain Collision!
2	I have mixed Feelings about Red Mountain Collision. Hey! Have YOU ever been rear ended!? What a major pain in the watoosie.. ...(did I just make that word up? )  first of all it banged up my loyal ride....scared the ---- out of well, you know! Hurt my shoulder- the rock climbing one:( and major inconvenience. So, John at Red Mountain was all over it. He promised me a mid sized rental - similar in size to my car... BMW 5 series. Hey! I transport an infant and child around! I need a safe car that holds all the paraphernalia. On my way to Red Mountain at the appointed time John called and said he was ready with the rental. When my turn came the Avis guy walked in and said, "is a ford fiesta ok?" Not. So the baby and I ended up waiting an hour for the car.  You ever wait in a car repair place with a baby???? Then, after 3 days they called to say my car would be ready the next day (Halloween) for pick up around 5:30.  I had prior plans- they were pretty insistent-  I tried to juggle my Halloween plans. That wasn't working, so I called them back and said no way, I could only pick up my car the following afternoon. The next morning Red Mountain called to say my car wouldn't be ready they were waiting for a part. ???? My car wouldn't be ready until Saturday. They said they would be open from 8-noon.  We drove over and got there in the nick of time.... 12 noon...but oh! They were closed. They had not even called to see whether we were nearly there!  Bottom line. The car was fixed. It looked good. They vacuumed the car interior. They also informed me that I needed new rear tires- very important. So only 3 stars. A major inconvenience was made even more inconvenient. Hope they clean up their customer service act.Ok I had to go back and remove a star. Big city, lots of competition. Convenience is too great of a factor - so I decided that had to weigh more heavily.
1	Never seen such bad body work and lack of professionalism, and their mechanic is terrible. The only reason we took our car here was because of location, and have never regretted something with a vehicle so much. I would be here forever explaining the lack of work and everything else wrong with our experience here. Plan on it taking a lot longer than expected and if you're a woman that doesn't know about cars, definitely don't go here without someone who won't be bs'd. Plan on being on top of them asking questions or you won't know what's going on... no courtesy calls or updates
