5	100% home made comfort food. everything on the menu sounds good & everything is made with care. the blt was superb. the pattymelt was what a real burger is meant to be. fresh-perfectly grilled & salted just right. the biscuits were flaky & fresh, the gravy was oh so rich with real ground sausage in it. the salad was great with fresh mixed greens and juicy tomatoes from the owner's garden. the pie was the best-homemade with fresh cherries from the farmer's market and a sugar glaze on the crust!! yummygreat food, service & atmosphere. i could swear you had to look around and see if mcfly was sitting at the counter-it was just like "back to the future" the owners were taking care of the customers, the decor was spectacular-a totally unique experience here in las vegas(lots of imitators) but nobody does it like shari's.
2	Here we are again at Shari's Diner on N Buffalo in Summerlin. This 50's style diner has been one of out most visited reviews. We were featured twice on Shari's new website and I just got in some really cool mini business cards from Food Buzz  show my blog & me as a featured publisher of Food Buzz, so I thought we had better revisit this place and see what's changed. We decided to go for a late lunch about 1 pm on Sunday afternoon, we had just finished what we hope to be the last of the Christmas shopping. Well we seated ourselves because there was nobody and I mean nobody around. The place was DEAD!!. There was an older man who could have passed for homeless sitting off in the corner by the restrooms. After a few minutes we were given menus and ordered drinks. Last time here they had just opened and had paper menus so now to see a real menu was nice. We wanted to order an appetizer since the kid usually fills up on it and doesn't want a whole meal. Again they had NO Green Fried Tomatoes-If you are gonna offer them on the menu you should probably have a source of green tomatoes, like maybe home grown hydroponic or a vendor. So things started somewhat poorly.I then asked if they had the Sweet potato fries w/ powdered sugar and she said yes-Isaw her write something down and then I ordered myself a Lola Special-Teriyaki Chicken Sandwich, a Happy Face Pancake for the boy, and a Sandi Melt for the wife.While we waited for the food we took advantaged of the 2 for $0.25 jukebox filled with 50's classic rock music.The food came out with NO appetizer-she must have forgot and I never got a chance to ask before she went away. Well the wife was extremely disturbed that the side of sweet potato fries she ordered came dusted in powdered sugar because that's NOT what she ordered nor was she informed they were served that way. The patty melt was good but the cheese wasn't quite melted. The pancake had whipped cream on it where the eyes & nose go, so the kid cried about that but was fine once it was covered in syrup. The bacon was good & crispy but small like 1 piece broken in 2.The chicken teriyaki sandwich was great-grilled perfectly-tender & juicy but cooked. The teriyaki sauce was tangy & spicy and the onion rings/pineapple tings with the Hawaiian sweet roll bun was the perfect mix. A very filling sandwich. The fries were hot & crispy too. Overall the food was pretty good minus the powdered sugar , but this time around the service was a little lackluster. Halfway through our meal another couple with some kids arrived -they were the only ones there besides us. They were seated near us in a table that had syrup on it and had not been wiped down. I did notice the seats are a little grungy and some have been torn and duct taped up. The place was like a ghost town. Lunch hour on Sunday Afternoon and nobody there
3	This location has been through a few iterations over the years, but it is now known as Shari's.  From what I read in the local paper (http://www.lvrj.com/news/40836542.html) it is a family owned and operated establishment.  Upon entering, you can confirm this, as it feels like it.  The staff was very friendly.  I went on a Sunday ~11am, and the place was jumping.  Could have been because of the recent write-up in the RJ, but they said that weekend business has been brisk for awhile now.  I had the monstrous breakfast sandwich (it has a funny name that escapes me right now), the wife had a burger, and the kids had pancakces.  All was quite good, and nothing felt fake or processed.  I am growing tired of the places that just deep fry everything.  Not this place.  I went for lunch a few days later, had their classic burger, and it too was quite good.  They have a sauce with it that is tasty, and they didn't bat an eye when I asked for gravy-fries (I think it must be an East Coast thing).  The Chicken Vegetable soup was really excellent, probably the best part of the meal.  Very fresh, seasoned just right.I reserve 5 stars for only my favorite haunts, which would leave them at 4 stars.  I took one star away, because I feel like when the bill was tallied, it felt a little pricier than it seemed going in.  Thus they get 3, which is still good in my book.  Oh, one last thing, they use great buns!  Not dry and stale like the stuff you get at some places.
4	I totally dig this place. In reno our 50's diner was taken over by a middle eastern owner who insisted on replacing burgers with falafal so finding Sharis which is a hop and skip down the street from us was like divine intervention lol. Theyre 4.95 burger specials hit the spot and always taste good. Last time I had a flamingo, which is cherry 7up with true vanilla ice cream. This is a great place for kids because it is quiet and the older crowd typically fawn over lucy. She can have the whole bench to herself and rock out to classic tunes from the juke box. Last time my wife took our daughter theyre she got a cool oreo milk cup.My only complaints are they close to early on Sundays and the owners I love Jesus and other godly things scattered about on the walls and shirts of the employees as well as the church day they have kinda cramp my style. Now Im buddhist, so really everyone should be able to practice they're faith as they so choose however I do like it forced upon me at a public eating establishment. Im just very thankful that the owner is chill with me and my lesbian partner and our gayby. Ohh btw its cool when they have a pin up waitress that serves you. Makes it more authentic!
2	The interior of this restaurant is like that of an old school diner. It was not busy when I went with a group during the afternoon. We were seated rather quickly and felt welcomed. I came here because a friend had mentioned how awesome and large their pancakes were. They are humongous, BTW. I am not a fan of pancakes, so I had a regular breakfast. It was not amazing---nothing that I couldn't match at home. I personally would not come back here.
4	The food here is delicious :).  It's basic American style burgers and sandwiches with a wide selection. Vegetables are as fresh as they come.  The signature burger was awesome!
1	My wife and I went for breakfast. The decor  was a typical 50's diner, very nice. BUT THERE WAS NO MUSIC PLAYING.My wife ordered the Stinkin Lincoln which she did not like because it was nothing like it was described on the menu. When we got the bill it said the Cadillac Scramble. The waitress was too busy BSing with friends to pay attention to us. Very poor service and there were only people at 4 other tables. I would denfinitely not goo back again or recommend this place to anyone....
3	I've lived around the corner from Shari's Diner (formerly under 2 different names, I think), but I've never been there.  Why?  Well, two reasons:1. In my eyes, you are not truly a diner if you're not open 24 hours, and Shari's isn't even open late.2. The place is a kitschy 50's style diner, and I'm not 12.Nonetheless, my girlfriend was in the mood for some pancakes, and this place is so close, we decided to give it a try.  It was WORSE than I thought as far as ambiance.  We showed up on some sort of special night, and they had a DJ that was taking requests for oldies music.  Why do I know this?  Because the creepy owner came over to our table and awkwardly told us so.  On top of that, there are obvious religious ties to this restaurant, and I'd prefer my food without being preached to.As for the food, it was delicious, though.  The pancake was one of the best pancakes I've ever had, and I don't even like pancakes all that much.  We also shared some eggs, hash browns, and biscuits and gravy.  All were really good, and our entire meal came out to just over $10.If I find myself in the mood for breakfast food and it's early enough, I'll go to the Bagel Cafe.  If I don't mind a drive, I'll go to Blueberry Hill.  If neither of those things work, then I guess I'll be back at Shari's.
3	Great old school diner feel. Food was great, staff was not terrible but nothing to rave about especially when its slow. You have to go once to try the burgers, its a little pricing but you get a ton of food which makes up for the price.
4	I just read another review about this diner and just had to wonder what he was talking about as far as the food having some religious connection???? I just ate there and didn't notice anything at all resembling religion. The diner used to be open 24/7 but they didn't have the business to stay open. Their food isn't great but it's good and it's nice to support a local restaurant.
1	I *really* wanted to like this place. It's close to my house and they offer typical diner "comfort" food that is familiar. Plus they've got a great theme, and the design and appointments inside really get you in the '50s mood.Unfortunately the service is awful, the food is mediocre (at best!) and the prices are absurd for what you get. $9 for a country fried steak and two eggs?! $8.25 for a bleu cheese burger - and by bleu cheese, they mean liquidy, running fluid that looks like bull semen. Yuck.The only plus is the $0.25 jukebox with classic 50's and 60's rock music.Skip this place and hit either Steiner's or Charlie's nearby.
4	I was visiting from SoCal and came across this diner by chance. Read the sign on the building that read "DARN GOOD FOOD" so we gave it a chance. We visited on a Saturday afternoon and enjoyed breakfast items as well as lunch. Portion size is wonderful but a little on the expensive side. The onion rings are really delisious. Now those were beer battered onion rings.....Staff was really friendly and it was nice to see the owner's greeting and talking with us during our visit......
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas. We don't have many places like this here in our city. I used to hate the taped up papers all over, it looked so dirty. I went back a few days ago and was thrilled to see they cleaned it up! So much better!! The food is still awesome diner food. The staff is friendly and the service is fast.
2	So-so food, tattered decor, uninspired service, and headed to extinction vibe. I lived in NJ for 15+ years and ate at plenty of diners both good and bad. This place is more like a low rent coffee shop (grew up in Chicago) than a diner. They have the diner menu but not the moxie to pull it off.I gave this place two tries and both visits barely bordered on mediocre. If you have a taste for good breakfast head over to Bagel Cafe or Baby Cakes.
4	Visiting from out-of-town, Yelped 'best breakfast' and found Babycakes Cafe - drove the 15 miles from the Strip and found a wait of ONE HOUR AND A HALF.  So, I sadly googled IHOP and we drove away ... only to find Shari's Diner a couple blocks down the street!  Looked cute so we went in and it was nice!  Not amazing, but good solid breakfasts for a decent price (keeping in mind that we had gotten used to prices on the Strip).  Pancakes were excellent, but the syrup needs improvement.  The feta/sausage skillet was really really good, a Shari "original" and the service was really fast. Still want to try Babycakes to see what all of the fuss is about, but Shari's was a nice surprise.  Definitely better than IHOP and glad to support the local biz.
1	Awful. The service was so-so at best and I believe our server was the owner. She seemed sour and not super friendly. I ordered the corned beef hash and it CLEARLY came straight from a can. It was like mushy, shredded washcloth. The appearance was so terrible I didn't even eat it. Obviously this place has little respect for food. Our toast was cold and the toast was really the only redeeming thing about the place. I took my leftovers because I felt bad for whoever runs the place that it's just that terrible, but I tossed them in the trash on the way home. There's totally a "we're headed down the tubes" type vibe. I will never go back. Definitely go down the street to Bagel Cafe and get their corned beef hash. FAR superior.
5	We always have good service and great food whenever we eat here and we always bring our out of town guests here when they visit.The atmosphere is happy. The restaurant is clean. The decor is fun and the food inexpensive compared to other places we eat in the area.The current owner is still suffering from the reputation the previous owners gave the location.If you tried it before and didn't like it, you owe it to yourself to try it again.If you don't get along with the nice people who run this restaurant you probably don't get along with anyone.
4	Really cute little diner. I was actually on the fence about trying this place out, because the reviews weren't so hot, but my boyfriend wanted to try it.Decor is of course the cute 50's style, and they had an old fashioned juke box! I LOVE those things. They also had a "dj" taking requests for music on the jukebox..The place is a little jesusy, but whatever. I don't really mind jesus bumper stickers on the wall next to pics of James Dean. Weird, but ok. Just have to make sure I don't come here on Worship Friday, I'd lose my mind.Our waitress was sweet, and very attentive, keeping our drinks full and taking our order promptly. Menu consists of massive burgers, sandwiches, a small collection of dinner plates, soups and salad, some fried appetizers, desserts, and breakfasts. They also have a little smaller plate menu for those who don't want to get massive portions. We both tried the bleu cheese burger and fries. He got regular fries, I grabbed the seasoned. Also had the fried green beans.Fried green beans: These weren't that great. The batter they fried it in could have used a little more seasoning.The burgers, however, were delicious. They were HUGE, and loaded with the veggies. It wasn't the BEST burger I've ever had, but it was pretty damn good. Juicy and loaded up with toppings, just like I like them. Probably will get the small plate burger next time, because I just could NOT finish this beast.The regular fries were ok, but the seasoned fries were better, but seasoned fries are always better. :PI liked it, and it's really close to my house so I'm sure I'll be back.
5	I wouldn't consider this a "diner" by east coast standards (not 24 hours, limited menu), but since movIng here, I've learned to make due with what's available. For what it is, Shari's is one of my favorite cheap and quick options.The burgers are huge, greasy and to die for. I've never had a better Western burger, ever. I'd love to figure out how to eat more than a third of it at a time, but after inhaling a chocolate malted and a side of their homemade chips, I'm pretty much done. They actually have a feta burger (with bacon and fresh spinach, no less!) with a respectable amount of cheese on it. I'm dying to try the Ortega chile burger (next time?), with pepper jack and chiles on sourdough.I don't care about the decor or the so-called Christian vibe (which I haven't really noticed). In fact, I find the whole 50's thing sort of annoying. I'm here for the food! Shakes and burgers for two- under 40 bucks with tip. Can it be done for less elsewhere? Probably, but the quality of the ingredients supports the price. Still a great deal in my book. This isn't "fine dining", but if you are looking for a burger or a quick breakfast with coffee shop expectations, you won't be disappointed.
2	I would like to say I love this place, but I can't. I love diners. I love the 50's theme and the music. But this diner is in need of help. I have been to Shari's 4-5 times since moving to Vegas from the Chicago area. Each time we've been, we find something else we don't like. So the last time we ate there was *the* last time and we won't be going back. The food is hit or miss. I've had under cooked burgers, where they put the burger back on the grill and then slapped back on the toppings and gave it back to me. Some of the toppings were gone and the burger was still under cooked. Since when don't you get a new burger cooked for you and not picked apart and then recooked? Our final time there, we noticed a huge change in the taste of the burgers. The burger itself was flavorless. Possibly frozen variety. If you are going to be a burger joint you need to have fresh ingredients and the burger needs to be seasoned. I have noticed that while driving by Shari's (on many occasions), the parking lot is usually empty. Maybe this has something to do with the change in burger taste. You cannot keep fresh ingredients around if no one is eating them. Another point that needs to be brought up is the lack of cleaning and maintenance to the restaurant. Duct taped booths are really showing wear. The floor is in great need of a power cleaning. And we find that the  tattered napkins with comments to be overly tacky. With all the other great memorobilia there, the napkins are an eye-sore. I've met the owner, Shari, and she is super nice. Same for her daughter. Shari's husband could due with cracking a smile once in a while at the customers though. The prices charged do not match the quality of the  food. And every time we've been there we have been one of the only tables there! Weekday and weekend.There is a show on Food Network called 'Restaurant:Impossible' and every time we see that show we think of Shari's Diner. It needs a overhaul.  Fix the booths, buff the floor, take down the tacky napkins. Reduce your menu to a managable amount of dishes to reflect the lack of business so you're not loosing money on costs. Serve quality burgers and the people will come, even those who have said they won't return.
1	The only thing that is like a diner here is the decor... First of all, I couldn't help but notice the foul smell that filled the restaurant when we sat down. I don't know if it was a bathroom issue, or the food just smelt like poo...The service is so-so. The jukebox at the table we sat at didn't even work. The food was a little over priced, and not many vegetarian options. I usually enjoy a diner for it's music and interesting crowd. But this place was dead on a saturday, the service was mediocre. I had a simple grilled cheese. I didn't think anybody could really mess that up, but it was not even warm on the inside and the fries were stale.  My friends had breakfast for lunch, the food was so greasy and looked like it was from a cafeteria lunch room at summer camp...I probably won't ever go back here again.
2	I have definitely been to better diners.  The decor was cute and the place was clean.  During the lunch hour on a Sunday, I was surprised to see only 2 tables taken.  The service was good, our waitress was friendly.  The menu was too "busy" for my personal liking.  We got burgers (I had the bacon and cheddar cheese) and a grilled cheese sandwich for the little one.  I lost all hope for this place when we got our food.  Our burgers were far from "fresh, handmade"....they were obviously the frozen patties that I can buy at the grocery store.  The bacon and cheese were good but the lettuce and tomato were wilted and warm.  I have no idea what their "special sauce" was made of, but it was the nastiest thing ever.  They mayo was sour.  Now, the bun was fabulous but everything else was a joke.  And the prices.....for what you get, definitely over priced.  Even the grilled cheese was gross.  Let me just say, it's hard to mess up a burger and grilled cheese, but I'd rather go to Burger King than eat here again.
2	What can I say - Riley R gives Shari's 5 stars, while Elizabeth W gives it 1 -  and, I'm a 2!  We went last night, which was a Friday.  Having never been there before I was happy to see a musician setting up, and thought some music would be good on a Friday night.  Not caring what music others listen to, I had a problem when the "music" turned out to be church music, which continued all through our meal.  Not my idea of music to be played in a public restaurant unless so stated.Our meal:  I ordered the cheeseburger because someone said it was an old fashioned greasy burger, which is right up my alley.  It was just so-so, but it was big!  My husband ordered the chicken fried steak and it was so bad he couldn't finish it.  The potatoes were filled with bacon that didn't taste cooked, the chicken steak was dry, and the milk gravy tasted like flour!  YUK!The french fries were very good and our service was good, but I don't think we will be back.
1	It's kind of a cute diner, but they had everyone cramped into one half of the diner while the other half was completely unoccupied. The waitress was boring and messed up my order, and to top it all off the food was way over proportioned and SO unbelievably greasy. My boyfriend actually threw up while we were there. I do not plan on going back there.
4	We walked in this 50s diner with a happy greeting and was sat down right away. Service was very attentive and friendly from the get go. The menu has variety of goods from breakfast to burgers. I took on Breakfast and it was delicious and big (classic american breakfast).  Prices are very reasonable for the food. Its a little far from where I live but if I am around the neighborhood again, I am hitting it up again.  I give 4 stars for right now until i try one of their brugers or something other than their good breakfast.
4	The food was great! We only came for Sandwiches though, so i can't comment on anything else! My daughter had the BLT and I had a Turkey Avocado. The onion rings were big, crispy, and tasty! The service was wonderful! There were only about 3 people there though. There was music playing the entire time! My daughter had so much fun playing Johnny Cash on the Jukebox! There was a HUGE selection of Oldies. We didn't try the table jukeboxes, so not sure if they worked or not! The prices are very reasonable! We'll def. be back seeing we only live a few blocks away! The kids really enjoyed the atmosphere!
4	I know a lot of places beat this place up. This diner is family owned and with the economy still in the stump you can see the effect it has on Shari's, especially the maintenance of the seats and slot machines (duct tape). The breakfast and food is typically diner food and it's pretty darn good. The customer service is awesome and the owner will come out and chat it up. This is a good business practice. I feel like he actually cares. Unlike the franchises where the shift manager comes to every table just to say hello only because he has too. That's plain old annoying. Make sure you check your napkin dispenser for the specials.
