4	I'm a falafel fiend, so finding out that a new Mediterranean joint has popped up on State made me do a happy dance. Okay, I had a happy one-person rave. I stopped by on a rainy Monday night and grabbed the falafel plate for a slick $5. The service was a tad slow, but I think they're still working out the kinks since they just opened supah recently. The falafel was just how it should be: crispy golden goodness on the outside, flavorful and soft on the inside. I'll be back!
4	I went last night with the wife. There were about 8 people inside when we got there. The menu is up on the wall above the register. It's about 25 pictures, each numbered and labeled. We each ordered a Schwarma, me lamb and her chicken. We both said our orders by name, then the man at the register insisted we order by number. He was kind enough about it, but it was just odd. There appeared to be no language barrier, so I don't know why this is an issue.So, the system was about par with Culvers. You get your drink and they bring the food to you reasonably quick. While waiting there are some beautiful pictures up on the wall to admire. The dining area is a little wide open and doesn't have anything else in it.Our plates came with a salad, rice, hummus, yogurt sauce, and pita bread. The yogurt sauce had a mint flavor to it. It was fine in quality, but not my favorite. The hummus was thinner then I'm used to, but good. It had some nice paprika and olive oil on it.  The salad was some lettuce, tomatoes, onion, and herbs. The rice was great. Extremely light and just great quality. The lamb was the best quality lamb I've had in Madison. It was tender with a light seasoning on it. While we were eating a group of three came in. They attempted to add chicken to a menu item that didn't have it and then ordered by name. Confusion ensued and I had some good entertainment with my meal.Mediterranean Cafe is still the king of Mediterranean on State St. and Bunky's  keeps the best hummus title. This place is worth trying out and I'd likely head back.As a note the credit card machine still prints out receipts with the name Tiger Lilly.  I believe the owner of Tiger Lilly opened this place. I'll be curious to see how it shows on my statement.
4	Not bad. Picture menu above cash register helps. "Sandwiches" (they're more of what you would consider a wrap) are $6-$10, while plates are about $10. Plenty of Mediterranean options to choose from: kebabs, kaftas, schwarma, falafel, even American staples like cheeseburgers. The portions are more than generous, prepare to take leftovers home. The beef kebab wrap had giant chunks of well-seasoned meat that was a little on the chewy side. Fries that come with the "sandwiches" are well seasoned and perfectly crisp. Although service is a little slow, and sometimes the waitstaff don't know where the food is going to (maybe giant numbers handed out with every order would help?), I would definitely go back.
4	This restaurant had a kinda strange setup; it was very wide open and had simple decorations. But it was a good setup for a college area restaurant, and the food was well-priced and delicious! Our chicken and lamb dishes were both good, and the hummus and pita were perfect. I hope they get a lot of business, because I want this play to stay!
5	Scrumptious! I had a "lamb kebab", and it was delicious! Finally, there is a good Mediterranean cuisine in Madison!
4	In the short time that they have been open, had been there 3 times already. The different friends I brought with me all ended up liking it too! Palmyra occupies the long time bicycle shop that used to be on state st. In contrast to the Mediterranean Cafe also on State, Palmyra does not have 'daily specials'. Instead, they offer a fixed menu, but fret not, with over 30 items to choose from, you won't get bored. Through my visits I have witnessed a steadily fast increase in their business, which has grown to be really good. My guess is that word spreads fast for good eateries =) Hopefully it will keep up. The tables are arranged very far apart from one another, leaving a lot of space in between, too much space, if you ask me. Given the way tables are spaced out now, they could most definitely get more and provide greater spots for dine-in if they decide to expand in the near future.As a previous review pointed out the waiter taking your orders at the counter will ask you for the number of your order. So even if you pronounce the name 100% correct, they will ask you for the number. Often times I find myself being so certain what I wanted, and then lifting my head to the menu to hunt for the magic number. I am not sure what the reason. Well the lamb and beef kebabs and schwarma are nice picks. Serving is generously huge, and the meat marinated well and cooked to a light tenderness. The yoghurt sauce that comes with it is refreshing, and the pita bread is served fresh (caution: HOT). Contrary to popular belief, it's a good idea to come here for the chicken wings. This is no typical American food, their wings are freshly fried to order dipped in a special batter consisting of Mediterranean spices. Nothing like what you might have tried in western eateries. Those wings are best eaten in the restaurant where they are crispy. Otherwise the condensed water vapor makes it soggy and there will be a noticeable difference. For the light eaters out there is the sandwich plates, choice of sandwich served with fries. Or just get their hummus plate that comes with pita. The one thing I would hope to see on their menu is soups. Lentil soups which are usually a classic in Mediterranean restaurants are, sad to say, non-existent here. Too bad location a little far from campus. It's kind of midway between campus and the square. Otherwise I will find myself stopping by a lot more than I am now.
5	Stopped at Palmyra for a quick lunch. It easily surpassed my expectation. It is very enjoyable for people who are not familiar with Mediterranean cuisines. The menu is really long. Smaller kebab sandwiches are listed on the very right of the menu.They are easily missed. We had chicken kebab salad ($7.99) and beef kabab ($9.99). Both came with good size. The meat was really tender and flavorful. Hummus and pita were also very satisfying. I will definitely go back.I was told by my Muslim friends that Palmyra offers Halal meat. She said that "Palmyra purchases meat from a small market in Milwaukee that is FDA certified as well as halal certified by the Islamic center of Milwaukee." Palmyra's owner is from Syria. You can see beautiful photos all over the walls. I have spent some time in Europe where the Kebab restaurants are in every street corner and open till late at night. They are usually super delicious, and also affordable. Although not identical, Palmyra somehow brings back my memory of all the good kebab dinner nights. I am really happy that Palmyra adds  much to the restaurant scene on State St.
4	In preparation for a weekend of heated pool games and debauchery, I took a solo stroll down State Street to find a fresh new joint to eat.My Mediterranean game is not what it should be; I am a hummus fiend and have dabbled in falafel, but haven't tried a whole lot of restaurants in on the cuisine. Palmyra was the first I happened to notice, and I stopped inside.The interior isn't anything special, clean but plain with some middle-Eastern accents here and there. The menu above the register counter is reminiscent of those cookie-cutter Chinese restaurants. You know, with the big back-lit pictures of the plates.I ordered the chicken kebab, and shortly after my meal was brought out to me. The presentation was quite nice, the chicken and rice mixed together with a generous helping of hummus, along with a small salad. On the side fresh pita bread was also provided.The chicken was delightful, seasoned very well, tender and juicy. The rice is was tossed with was fried rice, nothing too crazy but went well with the chicken. A yogurt sauce/dressing was also provided, it went well with the salad but was nothing to write home about. The hummus and pita bread however, were delightful. Being a self-proclaimed hummus aficionado I can confidently say this was some of the best tasting hummus I've ever had; the consistency was also perfect. Thick and creamy, but not runny or pasty, excellent.I wasn't aware this is a pretty new place, it's only been around for a few months. I was pleasantly surprised given its outward appearance and will definitely make a return trip, you should do the same!
2	Really, I wanted to love this place. That's why I tried for the second time. And after that second time experience, I really feel this place is overrated.My first food that I ordered from here was lamb kebab. It was huge. While the lamb was good, I was disappointed with their pita bread. It was thin and too dry. I am not an expert of Mediterranean food, but I am good enough to know what is good and what is not. Another disappointment was happened today. I had an early dinner with a friend. She was unsure of what to order. Having read some reviews by other yelpers, I recommended my friend to have some chicken wings. I was so excited to give their Gyro a try.Waiting for almost 30 minutes, our meals were finally coming. (On a side note, if you are planning to eat solo here, bring some books, their food may take a while to serve).At the first sight, the Gyro failed me. I was expecting to have some mysterious meat not a canned-meat product. If they cooked the meat themselves, it should be in cuts like any Gyro we would have in the Mediterranean restaurant. However, the one I had was neatly cut. I once bought this kind of meat at the Turkish market, so I couldn't help but to wonder if they got it from the store. I really hoped I was wrong though, but it looks really suspicious. And the chicken wings that my friend had were another let down. She tried the first and second bites only to stop eating. She told me the chicken tasted old. Then I gave it a try and she was right. The fries were good though. But, just like my friend told me, "We came here for the main dishes, right?"So, yeah, too bad it was not a nice eating experience. I'll give another try on another menu in the hope I could try to like this place again. I really want them to stay and survive this business! The service is good.
4	Palmyra satisfied all of my Mediterranean cravings at an affordable price. There is a ridiculous amount of food options to choose from (all with mouth watering pictures) and every plate offers a hefty serving size. My go-to item on the menu is the falafel plate. The deep-fried patties of chickpea goodness are crunchy on the outside and oh so moist on the inside, which makes for an excellent falafel. It also comes with a fresh salad and a satisfying pita. The hummus plate is also an equally affordable option (approximately 5 dollars) that literally gives you an big plate of delicious hummus, dippable veggies and pita. This place scores high on affordability and taste, ideal for an afternoon lunch or casual dinner. However don't expect much for the interior decor; you're paying for your cuisine, not a charming ambience.
5	Been here once, but was very impressed. Friendly staff and good food. Their chicken dishes were great. I had the chicken shawarma and was pleased with the flavors and portions. :)
3	To say I wasn't blown away by this place is probably too generous. Ordered take-out last week, which took an insanely long time (like a half hour!) for no reason whatsoever since there were almost as many people behind the counter as there were dining there. But as a new restaurant, I'll give them a break on the slow service. My lamb shawarma, on the other hand, was dry and not particularly shawarma-like. Less shavings and more meat clumps. If that makes any sense. The rice pilaf was meh, and in a bizarrely heaping quantity. Maybe to distract from the lamb. I was happy with the hummus and pita though.
3	Yikes, looks like I might have to try this place again when they're not as busy based on the other raving reviews.If you're willing to put up with slow service and a lackluster atmosphere (aka, just get takeout), the food from this place is absolutely amazing.We went here over the holiday weekend and were excited to grab a spot outside, which was difficult because even though half the tables didn't have patrons, they still had dirty dishes on them. As it turned out, it started to rain during our 20 minute wait for our food, so we moved inside. Once inside, it was difficult to hear each other because of how loud it was.BUT, once the food came, the place redeemed all 3 stars back and all was right in the world again.I got the sampler plate with grape leaves, hummus, and a salad. I also split a babaganoush plate with my friend. He got the chicken schwarma and said that too was quite good.I would highly recommended this place for takeout if you're able to stop by during their strange schedule of open hours.Also, be careful, CASH ONLY. No waiter service. No alcohol. Even more reasons to go with takeout.
5	I love my mediterranean food, and Palmyra does not disappoint! In fact, I would say that Palmyra gives the Mediterranean Cafe down the street a run for their money. The food is freshly prepared and the portions are generous. My mom and I ordered a lamb shawarma platter to share, and it was enough for the both of us. We weren't stuffed at the end of dinner, but we were comfortably satiated. For $11/platter (or $5/person), that is a really great deal. It makes for a well-balanced meal as well: meat, rice, salad, hummus, and a side of pita bread. Pretty healthy if you ask me!Now, before I begin talking about the food, I need to make clear that I am not a big fan of lamb. It might be the texture, it might be the flavor, it might just be the fact that I'm eating an animal that used to be soft and fluffy. Whatever the reason, I'm just not a huge fan of the meat, even though the rest of my family seems to love it.Having made this point, I must say that Palmyra does a fantastic job with their lamb shawarma. The meat was tender and flavorful and sliced into thin pieces which seemed to melt in my mouth. Can you tell how surprised I am about how much I enjoyed the lamb? It was truly, truly fantastic! I think Palmyra also does a great job with their hummus - I typically like my hummus (or any dip, really) a little sour, and Palmyra's hummus was perfect! I was literally eating it by the spoonful (much to my mother's dismay).  The only thing I thought could use some improvement was the rice pilaf. It was a bit dry, but since it didn't particularly detract from the meal, I didn't factor it much into my review of this place. Honestly, I am so excited for this restaurant's menu, and I can't wait to try all of the other different platters and wraps that they offer! I think I've found my go-to restaurant for this summer! :)
4	We went here for dinner a few nights ago. The only downside is that it's slow. It took 20 minutes for us to get our food, which seems like a really long time for something structured like a fast food restaurant. The staff also wasn't the most approachable,  but certainly not nasty or anything. Now the positives: everything else. We sat on the patio, and they brought our food out to us. They also clean it all up when you're done. The portions are also enormous!  I can't believe how much food I got for $9. I got the chicken schwarma and it was phenomenal. I got so much chicken and a heaping portion of curried rice. The humus and pita bread were also great. I wish it came with more salad, but that is relatively minor. My boyfriend got the lamb schwarma. It was cooked to perfection. Verdict: we'll be back.
3	I probably would have given this restaurant four stars out of five, but the service is really what kills it here and I hope they can improve it soon before it's too late. It had been my first time here a few weeks ago as my wife and I were looking for a good Mediterranean restaurant around Madison and amazingly the Yelp reviews were pretty good. We ended up going and of course most Yelpers claimed that it was more fast-food than anything and I thought it was an interesting concept at the time..... Well needless to say the music was extremely loud as we were ordering and I could barely hear the cashier, therefore because of that our option was to sit outside in order to have a conversation without going deaf. Secondly, the wait is atrocious as it took approximately 30 minutes to get our food and that was between two people (The restaurant wasn't even full either).As others have said I would recommend this if you are getting take out or having it delivered (via a 3rd party delivery company). I was about to go back in for a second shot a week ago and when I walked in the same two people were working, one as a cashier and one as a cook. I immediately walked out even though the place was empty as it makes me wonder if those are the only two people who own it or work there daily..... As far as the food is concerned I feel they give you a large portion for the $10-$12 you will be spending with a drink, which has free self-serve refills (expect to refill a lot while you wait). Also, if your a humus fan then expect to have half your plate filled with humus...
3	I went here pretty late on a Thursday night to grab some quick Mediterranean food to take home for dinner. Mediterranean it was, quick it was not. It was after 9 so there  were only a few other customers. I ordered a falafel platter to go and a hummus plate for my wife. They gave me a number for my food and I waited at one of their outdoor tables. The interior is a bit strange and not overly inviting. The place is huge compared to other similar sandwich-type shops. Maybe it's because the place was completely empty, but the wide open space for the tables paired with the bright lights and aqua wall color just came off as kind of cold. Perhaps that's why the multiple groups dining there were all eating outside. I'll give them some credit though- turning the old yellow jersey into a restaurant could not have been easy. The bike shop left them a bit of an awkward space to use for a restaurant and unfortunately despite their efforts it comes off this way. The food was decent, not quite up to par with Med Cafe but their hours are much more accessible. If you want Mediterranean for dinner this is the place to go. Falafel was a bit dry. I wish they had more sauces aside from the tahini, but I didn't ask so maybe they do. If it weren't for the wait I might have given a fourth star. I went for some food that would be quick and I could take to go, but I probably ended up waiting almost 20 minutes. I really don't understand what could possibly have taken so long- aside from frying the falafel everything else I ordered was cold and involved minimal prep work. Not to mention I ordered very simple menu items which I'm sure they make dozens of every day. And since other people's orders took just as long and I see other complaints about this on yelp, this clearly wasn't some kind of fluke. I hope they are able to speed things up in the future because I could definitely become a regular here.
3	Like others have commented, the service is very slow.  I've ate here twice and was more impressed with it the first time.  The lamb shawarma was excellent and the servings are very generous.  The salad, rice, hummus and pita were also excellent.  Second visit I had the chicken shawarma and it was disappointing compared to the lamb.  It wasn't sliced as finely as the lamb.The menu is more extensive than usual for fast service Mediterranean restaurants.  Maybe reducing the number of regular items by a third and offering some as specials would improve the speed of service.     From what I've heard, the food is prepared halal, which is unique for Madison.
4	I'm very pleased with Palmyra. The standout here is the grilled chicken--perfectly seasoned and juicy every time-- and the baba ghanoush. Everything else I've tried (lamb, beef, falafel, grape leaves) has been very good, but not quite on the same level as that chicken. I only have two complaints: 1)the pita is not that good. It might be better if it were heated. 2) the wait time is often a bit too long. (Bonus points for free wifi!)
2	I had dinner here last night and the entire experience made me kick myself that we didn't go to the Banzo food cart!  When in doubt, just go to Banzo friends.  After hearing about Palmyra, our group of four were very eager to give this place a try.  We ordered four dishes, Fatoush salad, falafel salad, chicken schwarma and potato curry.  The food arrived very late, the food was cold and just not that great.  The pita was really cold.  Ick.  My friend was accosted as he walked into the bathroom by an employee and after he already confirmed he was a customer, he was asked to prove his table number if he wanted to use the bathroom.  I totally get you might get wanderers in from State St. to use the bathroom but pay attention and don't get them confused with customers!  Nope, not coming back.
3	Everything from the atmosphere, service and food was average.I always am pretty annoying and ask a million questions about the menu when trying a new place. Normally, staff are happy to share their opinions and help me to my decision. The guy at the counter was pretty short and seemed very unamused; he just wanted me to order already despite the store being empty. Maybe he was having a bad day. The food took longer than I would expect from this type of restaurant (no table service, not much to look at kind of place - it seems like a pizza place), but it wasn't absurdly long.The food was fine especially considering the decent prices. I got the lamb schwarma sandwich and thought everything inside was very tasty. However, the pita (I guess it was pita? Didn't really taste like it) was really toasted and had this crispy texture. It took away from the sandwich, I would much prefer fresh pita. The fries were good, as was the hummus plate. I resented paying extra for tzatziki and them not even putting it in my sandwich for me.I looooove Mediterranean food so I would probably come back if I was on state and looking to grab a bite. However, I won't go out of my way to come here again.
5	I was caught by surprise at how good the food was at Palmyra. I guess I wasn't expecting much since from the minute I walked in it was pretty empty.  There were many selections on the menu that I was not familiar with, but I decided to go with the Beef Kabob entree. I didn't want to take a huge risk by picking something I've never tried because I was super hungry. My friend chose the chicken shawarma. The wait for the food was reasonable. It wasn't ridiculously long nor fast food quick. When our entrees arrived I was impressed with the portions. My entree looked like a heaping mountain of delicious food. The beef kabob was juicy and seasoned perfectly. The rice was perfect. The salad had a nice light vinaigrette and the hummus was delicious too. I can see what people are saying about the pita which is rather thin, but it didn't really bother me. I was too happy with the entirety of the meal. This heaping pile of food was completely gone after fifteen minutes. I was so satisfied with my meal that I felt the need to tell the kitchen staff how awesome everything was. My friend enjoyed her meal as well, but she did make a comment that the chicken was a bit dry. On my next visit I am definitely ordering the Beef Kabob again. I will also say that the place was very immaculate. The bathroom was very clean too. I hope this place makes the same impression on others just as it has on me!
4	I highly recommend chicken kebab! It's sooooo delicious. The food they serve is a lot and you will definitely be satisfied by paying $10. There are not many people in the evening, so it is quiet. Service is good and food is good.
