4	This store seems smaller than other Michael's because the aisles are always packed with open boxes and staff members stocking the shelves. This can make it difficult to navigate, especially for people with mobility issues, but it also means that the store always has new things.I find that the people here are more helpful than they are at the Centennial branch of the store. Sometimes I'll drive out of my way to visit this store instead of another. The people who work here seem interested in crafts and that makes a difference in how they respond to customers.Sure, Centennial has fancier/newer shelving and more scrap booking stuff, but whenever I go there I feel like I'm harassing the staff, or they're harassing me.At the Northtown Michael's, even if they don't understand what you are talking about ("you know, the gooey stinky stuff that etches glass") they'll try to translate and do their best to figure out how to help you.The framing department is particularly helpful. Instead of trying to encourage you to buy glass you can't afford, they will work to stay in your budget. And for ready made frames they will open them and frame your artwork without charging. I'm a clutz, and I've broken glass for a couple of frames, so this is a big deal for me.
4	I thought I should let you know that this Michael's is now closed and moved too North fith.  I hav to say tho I liked this tore much better then the new one... just seems like they dont have as much stuff as this one did...  go to Michael's about once a week and love that they do mobile coupons now!! What a life save or should I say penny saver :D
3	I'd have to say that I don't like this Michael's as much as the one that closed on Craig. Sure it is new and clean and has a bunch of trendy stuff. The old one on Craig was a little dingy, but the people were nice and I could usually find what I needed. However, this one has to suffice since there are not a bunch of craft store options around Aliante. It is not as well organized as I'd hoped for a new store. It seems to be a bit cluttered. I guess some of the best things about it for me is that it is near a Petsmart and In-n-Out burger :-P
4	This place is chock full of everything to create a masterpiece.  Other decorative things are available if you need to paint a masterpiece or just decorate a room or get ready for an event  =) check it out !
4	I love this Michaels especially since its conveniently closer to me than the old Michaels. I usually come here for all my holiday crafts and I love that they have coupons online to print out, so shopping here and making things myself is wayyyy cheap. When I feel like being creative or when I need picture frames, I come here. I come here for just about anything craft-wise before I go other places. Although I do agree with some reviews that it seems like the old Michaels was bigger than this one, but its also more organize and well stocked.
4	This is probably one of my top Michael's stores in Vegas. It's clean and well stocked, the employees have always been more than helpful. Great sales and coupons are always available!! Not to mention this store does a 10% discount for military ID card holders on Wednesdays. This is not a "full size" store so they are sometimes lacking items that one of the larger stores may have but it's still a great store. Meets my immediate needs when I need last minute items!
5	I love Michael's craft store; I've been there several times to purchase necessities for various crafts; I've purchased a white board there (it was a great buy with the 30-40% coupon you can load from your smartphone), fake flowers for a desk I'd purchased, frames, paint, you name it.The only defective product I've ever purchased there was the white board which was severely warped (not that I could tell when I was purchasing it- but when I went to put it up on the wall- it wouldn't mount). Not entirely their fault, but they could monitor stock quality better.Still love this store.
5	I'm not much of an arts and crafts shopper, but the experience I had at this michaels was one of the best retail experiences I've had in a long time. The store was decently busy and I was more or less lost. I was approached by the manager Justin. I was rambling about everything I wanted, or thought I needed. He had me describe my project( making a necklace for EDC) then he led me towards  which glue and accessories he thought was best. He advised me well and even helped me start on it. I was very impressed by all his help and professionalism. Maybe next time  I go ill get supplies to make a championship belt made for this store
5	Whenever any of my kids have a school project that needs to be done, bam! Just like that, we are at Michaels getting all the materials they need. Every time I have come to this location we have found everything we needed like poster boards, clay, glitter, etc.Since my wife signed us up for the Michael's email club, we tend to get special coupons that we can access through our phones by them scanning the bar code. We save anywhere from 20 to 40 percent certain items. Sometimes we get a bogo free coupon and its usually unlimited so that equates to 50 percent each item!Service is outstanding for if they ever see you just standing there looking dazed and confused, they actually approach you and make sure to lead you in the direction of the whatever it is that you are looking for. They also do a good job of keeping the entire clean and organized which is not an easy thing to do for the store itself is pretty big.So when it comes to arts and crafts, Michaels is the first place we think of going and in most cases, we come home with just about everything we need. Good thing this location is not too far from us for that is another convenience that we are thankful for.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #141
4	It's one of their smaller locations, not as much variety in stock. But still, a good place for craft supplies. I appreciate the friendly employees and the cleanliness of the store. I downloaded their app so I always have coupons handy.
2	I like michaels. but they just lost a customer. This location just informed me about not being able to use a coupon from a competitor.  Though I have used said competitor's coupons at michaels at other locations throughout the vegas valley before. And for some reason this is the only location I have issues with. It is the closest to my house, but I guess I will drive the extra 20 mins to their competitor.
