5	This is a tricky one to write.Have you ever known someone who is at a place emotionally where if it gets any worse, they are probably going to have to be hospitalized for their own safety.  Friendship is a place to go before it gets to the point.  They offer in hospital treatment  where a person can still go home at night.  Transportation is not a problem if you are at a place where you don't drive, or don't drive.  Meals are also provided.  And, while, Friendship is a not program for detox, but if you are clean and want to stay that way they can work with you,  A dual diagnosis does not mean there is no hope for you at Friendship.Friendship offers two types of treament programs.  One is a program that starts in the morning and last until the afternoon.  It is really designed for a person who just doesn't have a clue as to where to start on their recovery from mental illness, or someone who functions but never has had a chance to actually learn how to do it.  For people who are higher functioning, there is an afternoon program that really focuses on the processes you have already learned and how to use them more successfully.I am not going to begin to say what you do is easy at Friendship.  It requires work on the part of the individual.  What is unique about Friendship is even if you have no desire to do the work it takes to recover, they will teach you through group work that you are capable of doing it.  I am proof of the fact that it works.  An added advantage of the program is you are always welcome back.  I'd like to say that anyone who graduates from Friendship is going to handle things from there on out with no problems.  That is never the case. There will always be problems.  If at some time in the future you recognize you are becoming overwhelmed, you can go back.Friendship's staff is really a dedicated group that truthfully want to assist someone who is dealing with emotional or mental health issues to achieve a happier more effective life.  If that wasn't their goal I guarantee you they would not last.  From Gus who will first contact you, (I remember thinking Gus, sounds like a moron's name, before I met him-but at that point in my life, I would have thought the same of Mother Theresa) to Erika and Shawn in the front office, to the staff, everyone is there to help you regain your health.  They work with you on everything including dealing with your insurance company.  While they can't do everything for You, you will have their support along the way!I simply can not say how much Friendship means to me personally.  It is there for you or someone you love as well.
5	I spent three days looking for a place for my sister. I found myself frustrated because AHCCS does not offer a lot of options and most of the places covered are less than satisfactory. I called Megan at Friendship and right away I knew this was the place for my sister. Megan was professional and caring. The only thing I can say is go in, take a tour and talk to the staff, you'll leave optimistic about treatment. The facility is clean and inviting. If you are in the process of looking for options you can stop here!
5	Three years later, I still give Friendship five stars.  I can still recommend it and do.  I have been back there myself.  It doesn't get much better than what this organization does for you.  Yes it's a lot of work but when it comes to improving the quality of your life, it's work well done.
5	It's been five years and I am back at Friendship Community Mental Health Center.  For me it is still the alternative to having myself hospitalized for depression-major depression.  Would I rather not having to be doing this, of course, but needs to be done so here I am again.Before I decided to write an update of Friendship CMH. I asked myself does that first review still apply.  I have been in the program for six weeks now and can say for all intents and purposes, yes.  Is it still tricky to write the update, yes. But if it would help one individual to deal with the depths that mental ill ness can take you to, it is worth it to do so again.  One bit of information I will approach this time that I didn't in the first review.  Most insurance plans do cover treatment at Friendship so if you need it take advantage of that fact.
5	The Friendship Community Psychiatric Center has brought meaning to my life and it has forced me to escape from  the web of severe depression and bipolar disorder that I have been entangled in for such a long time.  I owe alot to my Care Planner, Erin, as well as my group therapists Linda Cohen, Bonnie, Edna, Dixie, and Andrew.  All of the people that I have mentioned sincerely care about my psychological well-being and in essence challenge me and stimulate me and yes motivate me to work at my recovery.  Granted, I am making gradual improvement in my growth, but I am quite confident that I will make it through my many life issues.Warm, attuned, and caring best describe the entire staff at FCMHC.Thank you so much!Ken S.
