5	The details of this yoga studio generate from pure love for the environment and the genuine authenticity of what yoga SHOULD be about! I can't say much more than you HAVE to come through those doors and see and feel for yourself! A studio that feels like your own, a place to make friends that become family and unlike anything anywhere! my favorites are the eco-friendly EVERYTHING: chairs, paint, floor, products... and the fact that the yoga is accessible to EVERY BODY!!! No need to feel like you have to look good to workout or in a pose that no being should be doing- I have a feeling this is a game changer studio!!!! YAY VEGAS YOGIS!!! WE CAN BREATHE!!!
5	I've only been to one class. but I can already tell I will love this studio. Great atmosphere, perfect flow class. I love that you can shower right after and there is plenty of mirror and seating space to get ready for the rest of your day.
5	Everyone singing the praises of this studio isn't just blowing hype! Modo is completely amazing from the moment you step through the doors. The teachers are friendly and super accessible, you can talk to them before and after class and they're committed to making the class completely doable for every type of body and ability level. The heat doesn't feel oppressive and heavy like at other studios. It's just an intense sweat and a deeper stretch.Most of all, I love the design of the studio! Everything is upcycled and eco-friendly. It feels like comfy green living room you can hang out in for hours. They have showers, as well as free coffee and tea. All the merchandise is super cute. Check this place out!!
5	It's hard to find good yoga studios around town, I have to say, Modo is now at the top of my list! I just wish they weren't on the opposite side of town for me. As soon as you walk into the studio, you can feel all the good vibes, everyone is so friendly and the studio has a very cozy feel to it. The thing that I really liked about the studio is that you can choose whether you want to be touched by an instructor or not, to readjust your position when doing a pose. If you'd like to be readjusted, you just pick up a coin in the lobby before you head into the room and place it next to your mat. Coin means, okay for the teacher to touch and readjust, no coin means they can't touch you. The studio has separate changing areas for men and women. They have both cubbies and lockers to secure your items. The changing area is very clean and has showers if you'd prefer not to wait to shower until you get home. The name doesn't really give it away but this is hot yoga, I had never tried it before, it was interesting. At first, the heat feels intense but after a few minutes in the room, you forget all about it. A friend and I took a class with Chip. We both loved him, we will definitely be returning, even if it's just for drop in classes. Go try out Modo, you'll be pleased!
5	Absolutely obsessed with this studio. Every single person I have met here is so kind and generous. Every time I come to the studio, I feel at home. The classes are amazing, the instructors are phenomenal. The entire studio itself is beautiful and unique. This is what yoga should be like. So happy to have this in Vegas- cannot get enough of it!
5	Reasons why I absolutely adore this studio: clean, calming, eco-friendly, welcoming, great people, and an awesome yoga series! Everything that other studios are not! Highly recommended!
5	I have been on an ongoing search for the perfect yoga studio for me. The main things that I was looking for was a yoga studio with every single person (instructor, management, student) was loving and friendly, an Eco-friendly environment, and addicting yoga classes that was accessible to every type of person whether you are a beginner or advanced. I have gone to several yoga studios in the past year and my journey came to an end once I stumbled upon Modo Yoga. (I went to the Hospitality school next door and saw the Modo Yoga sign and looked it up)Every aspect of Modo Yoga is amazing. Once you take one step through the door, you are welcomed by everyone and I mean everyone! I have gone to some studios that you can feel the tension and cold shoulders, but at Modo everyone talks to you freely as if they have already been your friend for years. There is also the tea and coffee bar, which you can help yourself to. You can also sit and relax for awhile, and after class you can wash off in a spa-like, home-like, locker room.The main aspect of this studio is when you step foot into the hot room. The room is heated by ambient heating, which heats up your body instead of the air and every time you breathe it is cooling your body and in the end makes it a lot easier for you to get used to the heat (unlike Bikram). All-in-all, you have to check out this studio. I am sure you will fall in love with it like I did. Welcome h(om)e.
5	FINALLY!! The South/SE Valley yoga community has a new, beautiful, inviting, wonderful home. I am in love with the modo classes (ALL YOGA), each one has brought a different kind of opening and growth to not only my practice but my life when I leave the hot room. What's even more wonderful is the comfortable, non-pretentious, positive vibes you feel just walking through the door. The teachers have all been so encouraging, inspirational, friendly and approachable that it makes coming to the studio so natural. The radiant heat panels in the hot room are an awesome change from some of the other hot rooms around town. This Eco friendly method of heating the room creates a spa's heat lamp like experience rather than a stuffy, stinky room pumped full of hot air and humidity. Savasana has never felt better Finally, in the short few months that the studio has been open, I've seen so much community involvement coming from Modo Yoga Las Vegas. Such naturally good energy
5	Modo Yoga was my first hot yoga experience. I had heard horror stories about hot yoga which had always deterred me from trying. Fortunately, I was convinced to go with friends and had an incredible experience during one of their classes with live music.The atmosphere of the studio is relaxing and inviting, even to those who are new to Yoga. The instructors invite you to practice at your own pace but are also there to guide you. The heat in the room isn't overwhelming, but just enough to help you  go deeper into any stretches. The facility is very clean and the tea and water that they serve is a lovely touch. There is also a wonderful selection of yoga clothes, mats, books and more!Looking forward to my next class!
5	There is one thing I am a HUGE stickler on when it comes to hot yoga studios: Cleanliness. As if sweating like a rainforest in a studio with twenty other people isn't enough to get your OCD flaring, Modo does an immaculate job keeping everything sanitized and clean for your comfort. I have been highly impressed with the well-kept maintenance of the studio, everything from the lobby to the hot room itself. The atmosphere in the lobby is cozy, welcoming, and a great hub to socialize with fellow studio members and meet instructors themselves. There is free tea and coffee (win!) for those who need a pick me up or are refreshing themselves after a class. The hot room is comfortable and nothing that is too scorching. The best part of the studio are the instructors, to which a range of them will pass through and each offer very unique, different vibes to every class. While I used to be a person who preferred one and only one instructor, I have learned to adapt to different expectations and experiences with different instructors here. Everyone is friendly and helpful of your skill level with yoga, this is one place where you can literally just be yourself!
5	I was admittedly nervous to try hot yoga again after having had a very negative experience on the west side about two years ago . . .  but after talking with the instructors and founders, touring the gorgeous bamboo studio (yay, no stinky carpet!), and hearing about what makes the Modo series different, I decided to give it a try. So far, I am thrilled, and trying to come as often as my schedule allows! I've had awesome classes so far with Chip, Mallory, and Ashley. In fact I'm headed to Ashley's noon class today. I particularly love the Modo Music class, as I think the music helps me ground and focus. I love that you not only start with savasana, but there is a brief savasana in the middle of the series, too . . . and a final, luxurious savasana at the end where you can take your time absorbing the benefits of your yoga session. The instructors don't seem to mind when I modify the positions for my body issues, and they are good about offering alternatives and suggestions for using the blocks, which is a relief.The studio itself is super cute. Everything is made from upcycled materials.They are really dedicated to keeping the studio clean and sanitized, and I've seen the floors get sanitized after every class. Most of all the staff and instructors are warm and welcoming, and I haven't run into the enormous attitude you encounter at some studios! I knew Ashley from her Outside OM project, which involves donation-based yoga in the parks and open spaces, and I am happy to report that the same down-to-earth energy has successfully transferred into a sweet studio space!
5	Great studio for hot yoga!
5	I had no experience with yoga and I wanted to give it a try.  I considered several studios that had groupon offers.  When I saw the one for Modo yoga, I immediately signed up for it.  There was something about them that stood out amongst the other studios. And they haven't let me down in any way.  I've been practicing here for 3 weeks now.  I thought I would be good with taking 2 classes a week. Instead I'm taking 3, sometimes 4 classes a week.  That's how much I'm loving the practice, the studios and the instructors.  If you're thinking of yoga, give Modo studios a try.  I'll see you there!
5	Kirk and Ashley have the most ohmazing studio.  Everytime i enter the studio i feel the energy of myself shift into peace.  I leave the studio feeling rejuvenated and energized. I recommend this studio to each person because there are no expectations, only love.  Namaste xo Beckie
5	Yesterday, I attended my first yoga class, Ashley was the instructor for candlelit yoga. The experience left my soul feeling so cleansed. Towards the end of the session Ashley said 'smile' while she was moving us from one pose to the next (I'm still a newbie so I don't know the pose names ..yet) but that moment alone, was magic for me. The energy and perspective of this studio is definitely genuine and pure. I will admit I was apprehensive to try, not the studio but yoga, at first.. I couldn't be happier that I put my fears of the unknown aside and was able to be embraced by such a welcoming place and people. I cannot wait to go back.
5	This studio has everything you would ever be looking for-- amazing teachers, beautiful venue, a great community feel, and the best Candlelight Yin class you can image. Seriously, if you are looking for the perfect way to end your day you have to take this class!  I can't wait to come back and try their Modo Music and Flow classes as well!
