4	So far I have had only good experiences with this practice and the doctors. The office is brand new and very clean, modern, and big. The staff including the doctors has always been very accomadating and friendly. One thing I really like about this office is the built in lab, anyone who knows what it is like to to have to drive to a lab for your doctor knows what I mean. Although I hate going to the doctor I have been very happy with this office, and I would reccomend it to anyone.
4	I would give Saguaro Family Practice 5 stars if it were based purely on my primary physician. Dr. Gujrathi has been my doctor for about 8 years and she is absolutely amazing. She is patient, open minded, talented, intuitive, and caring. I used to hate doctors until I started seeing her. She has seen me through the ups and downs of the last 8 years of my medical history. I actually look forward to visits with her (even when I'm feeling like total crap!) just because she is SUCH a pleasure to be around.I am only knocking off one star because of other staff members. I have had to see other doctors at the practice when she was booked and I did not like their bedside manner and one time I was even misdiagnosed. Most of the time the office staff is great, but I have had a few experiences where they were rude or impatient. In particular, I went to an after hours appointment recently and thought the only young woman working behind the front counter crossed the line from rude to a little nasty.Minor annoyances aside, SFP, in particular Dr. G, is fantastic!
1	NOTE: The "Poor" review/rating is only for John C. Lincoln Health Network - Saguaro Family Practice facility and staff and NOT for Dr. Mora whom our entire family loves. Dr. Mora is our family doctor. Dr. Mora is incredibly knowledgeable, and getting an appointment to see him is very easy. When you meet Dr. Mora, he always greets you with a hand-shake and takes the time to sit down and actually talk to you about your healthcare needs. It is important to note that Dr. Mora has moved his practice location recently. Dr. Mora used to be with John C. Lincoln Health Network - Saguaro Family Practice group located at 18404 North Tatum Boulevard , Phoenix, AZ 85032, (602) 992-1900. This John C. Lincoln group was atrocious! With the exception of Dr. Mora and his Medical Assistant Erica, the rest of the staff there were terribly rude. Not to mention the office was always filthy which did not make me feel very comfortable going there. (Also you should know that if you call the John C. Lincoln office where Dr. Mora used to work, they will NOT tell you that Dr. Mora has moved. Instead they will try and make you see one of their other doctors there, and I would not recommend any other doctor there to see.) So, I couldn't be happier that Dr. Mora has moved! Dr. Mora now works for Scottsdale Healthcare Primary Care Paradise Valley, 5010 E. Shea Blvd., Suite D100, Scottsdale, AZ 85254, (480) 882-7420. This new location is the kind of doctor office you feel comfortable going to. It is very clean and the staff are very courteous and extremely helpful. If you are new to the valley or looking to change doctors, please consider going to see Dr. Mora at his new practice location. You will not find a better doctor in the valley than Dr. Mora!
1	I have been a patient here for my over 6 years, however the many of the old doctors have retired, and their spots have been filled with qualified but uncaring doctors.I made an appointment with the hospital several weeks prior to look at my arm which I believed to be fractured or splintered at the bone.  Two days before my appointment a itchy bacterial rash spread across my back.  On appointment day I was told that I would have to choose between getting a prescription for the infection spreading across my back or them looking at my arm.  Of course the rash took precedence at the time, so 5 minutes and one small little piece of paper after my appointment started I was shuffled out the door--arm still in extreme pain, unacknowledged and ignored by the doctor.Word of advice: If scheduling an appointment here, do NOT schedule with Dr. Luis M Irizarry.  He doesn't care about anything but herding cattle in and out the door so he can make as much money as possible in a given day.
1	Dr Rebbelke is the worst doctor ever. Very rude and suggests hippy alternatives. No one goes to doctors for hippy alternatives. Front staff also pushed multiple people in front of me extending my wait to an hour past my appointment time. Why bother having appointments if your walk ins get priority.
5	I have a new born and see Dr Berkowitz. The staff has been great with placing me in an exam room right away so I do not have to wait in the lobby. So far I am very happy here
1	Just moved to Phoenix, needed a physical for my insurance company for the new year - only required blood pressure, height, weight and cholesterol.  Dr. Walter Kmiecik not only required me to schedule a follow up visit in order to get the form completed (two office visits for one form) but he ordered every single blood test imaginable which cost me $400 in lab work not required by my insurance company.  Then, to top it off, in the follow up appointment he proceeded to act genuinely disappointed when he found that my health was excellent and he couldnt bilk me for more "medical care" I didn't need.   This is a crooked, dishonest practice and I would not recommend anyone patronizing them, particularly Dr. Walter Kmiecik.
