4	I've been having trouble finding a specific salon product by MR International.  As it turns out, you can only buy their products through the Bodyheat Tanning locations, and only in Nevada!  It's been ages since I bought them last, so I wasn't even 100% sure where I got them in the first place.A little bit of internet sleuthing yielded a positive match, and I was able to get someone on the phone to help with an order.  The gal at the salon was friendly and helpful.  She was even able to ship me individual bottles instead of a whole case!  Plus, my order will get in today's mail, which is fab.  Thank you, time zone differences!MR International products are really great - high quality, nice scent, a 'no orange' guarantee for their tanning supplies, and they last FOREVER.  I buy these as gifts for a friend (look at my profile picture - you know they're not for me!) and her birthday is coming up.  It's been about four years since I bought them for her, which is pretty good for two cans of spray bronzer!
5	Half off upgrades on Sundays for members! ^_^ nice staff and clean rooms!
3	I wish they were 24 hours 7 days a week!  Sometimes the girls are a little rude... I hardly ever have to wait to tan or spray and they don't pressure me to buy product like a lot of other tanning places I have been in the past! Its close to work ( Canyon Falls),gym(LVAC) , and home very  convenient
5	Open until 10pm on Sundays! This is my new favorite location to spray tan at. I feel it is a very even, warm tan spray.
1	I was a happy customer here... Until JUST NOW! I arrived at 9:45pm tonight to tan before my vacation. I live about 20 minutes away, but I come to this location at night because it normally is open later. Today I learned that the attendant closed at 9:30 rather than 10pm. I have tanned here late before, so this is unusual. The attendant working on Sept 1st the evening shift was not friendly. SO I guess I get to find a place to tan in Honolulu which I am sure will cost me another $50! Its sad because I already pay more than that to use Bodyheat's tanning facilities...
5	Happy customer. I pay $30 a month for unlimited basic tanning. Hardly ever have any wait time. Staff is friendly. Love the late hours...great for someone who works a late shift to be able to go after work :)
4	So, I just completed a month at Bodyheat Tanning and I've lived to tell the tale.  Up until this point, I've never had to use a tanning salon in my life, never even thought about it; I'm the kind of Asian gal who can get dark sitting in the sun for ten minutes.  But, needing to be dark on stage for a show where I'd be wearing a bikini, I was here, a total novice.  I chose this location because it's so close to my house. On my first visit, Danielle was very patient about explaining the various plans to me, especially since there is a plethora. Who knew that tanning was so complicated?  There's beds, stand up booths, Filter Glass Tan, spray mist, bronzing facials, even massaging beds.  I only needed the one month of tanning, so I got the Level 1 plan, which is just for the tanning bed with a fan. You need the special goggles for the tanning beds to protect your eyes and the tanning lotion is recommended, although I didn't have to pay for that since the b/f had some; it's definitely pricier than Coppertone!  I didn't know what to expect the first time I went, paranoid about getting skin cancer or frying like an egg.  The tanning bed can feel like a bright coffin, but I plugged in my iPod, put on the tiny eye goggles, covered my face with the towel provided, and lasted for ten minutes.  I did not fry, even though it was warm on that glass.  Subsequently, I visited the salon three times a week to use the bed and on Sundays, did the stand-up booth, which cost me $10 each time (half-price on Sundays.)  Two days before my show, I got spray-tanned ($19).  The spray tan experience was also a new thing for me.  Basically, you stand in the middle of the booth after putting barrier lotion on your hands and bottom of the feet (those parts don't spray tan well) and strike four different poses while the spray shoots out like at a car wash.  Front pose, two side poses like an Egyptian with your arms spread out, back pose with your hands up and then the machine dries you, again like at the car wash.  The whole time you're in the booth, the automated voice in the machine directs you when to turn and which way.  The whole thing took about 5 minutes, but you want to wait a few minutes and be completely dry before putting your clothes back on.  It's also recommended not to shower for 24 hours.  They sell "extender" lotion to make the tan last longer, but I didn't buy any of that.  There was no staining on my bed sheets, either, from the spray tan, so that was a relief.   Overall, tanning is not cheap and there are lots of different packages to go with.  If I do it again, I'll definitely do the math first knowing what I know now about how much I ended up spending and the different methods I had to use in the month.  If you want to use their services, check out the packages, too, so you get the most for your money. The staff was always very friendly and informative and I never spent more than 20 minutes for each visit.  I started at 10 minutes on the beds eventually increasing the time to 12 minutes. I only had to wait for a bed once and that was a short wait. Get your tanning lotion online to save money.  Bring an iPod so you can bide the time while the rays get you.  They supply a little pillow and a towel for you to use--I used the towel to cover my face when I tanned, so bring an extra towel if you need one.  It's been a trip!
5	This is by far my favorite location.  The staff, especially Elizabeth H. are super friendly and always put a smile on my face.  No pressure sales which is a nice change however they are all super knowledgable about the products and services which makes me want to spend my $$ here.  The beds and rooms are extremely clean and I like that I can get in and get out, very rarely have to wait for any of the beds.  I would highly recommend Bodyheat tanning for all your tanning needs and especially the N. Buffalo location.
2	Beds are modern but the prices are crazy.The stand up bed I tried wasn't very clean  looked like it had sweat all over the glass.I wouldn't recommend it to a friend.
5	Just signed up for a monthly tanning package...clean room, clean beds, nice facilities and a great pricing structure. The location is super convenient and the 24 hour tanning couldn't be better. With summer and pool parties right around the corner, gotta get some color. BodyHeat Tanning FTW!
5	This is an awesome place! I recommend Heather she is friendly and knows what she is doing!
2	I am giving more than one star because the girls that work there are friendly. Other than that, the packages are overly expensive and the beds are not all great. Please don't ever do the standup- it is heinous. It's old and the bulbs don't tan, just burn. As a matter of fact, I have never had the kind of skin reaction to tanning like I have in these beds. Every single one. Same lotion as I always use. I actually cancelled my membership after 2 weeks because of the skin reactions I was having (the worst in the standup). However, even though I called twice and politely asked, they refused to waive the charge for the next month. So I paid for April, went for 2 weeks, and will pay for all of May as well. Also, the price says one thing at the store, however after taxes and fees, you will pay at least $10 over that price. I will never go back to Bodyheat.
3	Bodyheat has been good so far, I've only visited this location and the location at Charleston and Ft Apache. This location is ok, but it's closer to my house so it's the one I visit most. The rooms really are not that clean the cracks and corners of the floor are a bit dingy so I avoid walking on the floor with my bare feet. But it makes me wonder how clean the beds really are...Ok I just won't think about it. Just get it done with.
1	Went to this location for the spray tan. The price was excessive I thought but I needed a quick tan so I paid. The girl was very nice but didn't give me any instructions for use of spray tan. Not that it's brain surgery but still, I covered the normal areas w cream but no one has ever told me to put it on bottom of feet.....wish I did, now my feet are stained and I have a big date this weekend! Not good!  I called customer service and they said try to use a pumice stone to get it off, good luck! Great advice but it didn't work! Now my feet look disgusting!! Never again.
5	I love Bodyheat. Im irish, so I burn pretty easy. But since I've been using the fgt and my tanatomy hd lotion, im so tan!  To this day I haven't burned :)The beds are always really clean, floors always swept, store looks really nice, which makes going in that much more enjoyable.I totally reccomend this place.
1	They didn't explain to me I have to give them 30days nortice cancellation! I'm sure it was on contract by small letter. Aaaaggghhh I don't need anymore and still have to pay another month. I'll never sign up with body heat tanning.
1	Roach Was spray tanning in the booth and I looked down and a roach was spray tanning with me. UghSpray your salons pleeeeze!!!
1	Please beware of the following before getting locked into a contract with this establishment. It will be almost impossible for you to get out of it. They will tell you that you need to give 30 days advanced notice prior to cancelling. This is reasonable. The problem is you will email them, notify them of your request to cancel, and they will wait weeks before responding to you. Then, the 1st of the month rolls around and they will charge you again! When you call customer service (if you are lucky enough to get a person on the phone) they will tell you one of two things....  either they did not get your email, or you did not notify them within the 30 day timeframe. This vicious cycle will go on and on while they continue to hit your bank account month after month. A convenient scam for them, a nightmare for you! It sucks paying for a service that you are not using. And from what I've read about this company on some of these posts, I am apparently not the only victim. Don't be next!
1	So I tried the salon again that I'm a member of I going to tan and the spray tanner was down she spent 20 minutes back there with another lady and could not get it to work. I decided to go down the street to another body heat....,,,  wow I couldn't tan there either the new girl there had no idea how to get the computer system to work. I have wasted one hour trying to tan. I am in my car on my way back to the other one.....UGHHHHHDid anyone even asked me if I would like a free lotion single packet  for all my trouble????? let me answer that no!!!!'OMG no customer service.
