4	Great Thai restaurant on campus. They have good portions and a great menu of your basic Thai dishes. I came here often during college, and I've had times where the food is amazing, and other times where it was just ok. They have different chefs so it tastes a little different each time. I love the Pad Se Ewe and Pad Thai. Inexpensive and great place for thai.Highly Recommended.
1	This place is very affordable and is a favorite among UIUC students. However, the food is practically tasteless. It seems to me that meat and vegetables are quickly tossed with some spices and they call that a meal.  Simple said, the food lacks the depths of flavors that is present in authentic Thai food. I have lived close enough to Thailand to know what's good and what's not. This, I have to say is a major disappointed. Avoid at all cost.
1	Ugh... Or should I say: Eww...I was trying to find a place to have dinner tonight. I didn't want to eat at one of my usual spots and was feeling adventurous, so I just walked down Green St with the hope of finding something interesting. After a few blocks, I ended up passing by Basil Thai House, which I'd never noticed before.A quick look at the menu: it looks pretty standard. Prices are cheap ($7 entrees), but this isn't too unusual considering this is a college town. I find myself thinking: "Eh, I like Thai food... how bad could it possibly be?" and walk in.What was supposed to be a rhetorical question turned out to be quite appropriate as the food, I found out, was... quite bad. I ordered the fried spring rolls, the basil chicken, and a Thai iced coffee. Pretty safe selection, one would think. The spring rolls were okay, I suppose, though really not that great. The problem was really with the basil chicken: it was honestly quite gross. First, why do they use ground chicken? That's just wrong. Ground chicken is wrong. As are most other types of ground meats, in my humble opinion, but chicken even more so. And the dish was just not good. I ate a little bit of it and was done. For the next half hour I had a gross taste in my mouth. Eww.Lesson learned: even Thai food isn't always a safe choice.
4	Food's mediocre (I usually get Pad Thai or Pad Kee Mao and it's not the best obviously, but it's not bad either), but plus 1 star for being sooo cheap and sooo fast and sooo close to everything on campus!
1	i recently went on thai food kick around town... and to make the comparison fair decided to have basil chicken in several places... Thara Thai, Nitaya Thai and Basil Thai in campustown. the latter (Basil Thai) is by far the worst. as one reviewer already wrote before me, this is made here with ground chicken which is tasteless, too little food, and covered in a litre of sauce/broth. WTF? the tables and chairs in this place also seem sticky... covered in some weird nasty film. in summary, two words: stay away.
3	Good, cheap Thai food. I'm a sucker for what is probably inauthentic peanut sauce, and their "peanut sauce lover" was a frequent indulgence. The red and green curry is also awesome. Don't miss their red chili sauce to add some real heat to your dishes - it's always very very hot.If they delivered...I would have lived on this stuff in college.
1	Ugh. A curry dish with barely any veggies? No, potatoes do not count. They're not green. Even some basil in this so-called  "basil thai" restaurant would have been nice. Curry is hard to mess up because it has such strong flavor. However, given a choice, why go and have bad food?
4	Basil Thai is good for exactly what it is--convenient, cheap, dependable Thai food on campus, served hot and promptly.  I haven't shopped the whole menu, but I like what I regularly get, and that's fine with me.
5	(Note that Basil Thai has moved from Green Street to S. Gregory near the Krannert Center.)Basil Thai has fast service, moderately cheap food, and a plain no-nonsense decor. There is no table service: diners order and pay up front, choose a seat, then the meal is brought to the table when it is readyThe dishes, of which I've had a broad sampling, are prepared to order using fresh, cuisine-appropriate ingredients. My only complaint is that they seemed to have lightened up on the seasonings in my favorite dishes in the past year or so. However, they provide fish sauce, soy sauce, and hot chile sauce for those who want to spice it up a bit.In spite of the plain decor I've given this restaurant five stars because it succeeds in being what it is-- a fast, fresh, tasty presentation of Thai food.I'd like to address a comment from another reviewer regarding the use of ground chicken in their Basil Chicken, (one of my favorite dishes). Like it or not, ground chicken *is* appropriate in that dish; I make it at home using authentic recipes and that's what is called for. Furthermore, cuisines the world 'round feature ground meat, often but not exclusively in the form of sausage. To rant about ground meat, though mildly humorous, shows a distinct lack of familiarity with food in general.
4	Great place for a quick bite.  The mango sticky rice was terrific.
2	When I want a quiet lunch after church and I do not have the means to trek elsewhere for thai food, I come here. If you are on the north quad, the journey I don't think is worth it. Their service is quick and relatively inexpensive. However, there are better sit-down thai restaurants in town. They have a "free meal deal" if you use cash for 10 meals and the 11th is free.
5	For what it is, affordable thai food, you can't beat Basil Thai.  I grew up in Champaign and now live in LA, and this place is on my list of about 5 places i HAVE to eat at when I come back home to visit.  The Pad Se Ew Beef is amazing & the chicken pad thai is to die for.  I usually order both because I need my fix when I'm home.  I would eat here about 3 times/week when I was in business school.  I miss Basil Thai:(
