5	Hands down, one of my favorite events each year in Charlotte. Bartender's Ball moved this year to Silver Hammer Studios at the NC Music Factory. I was a little nervous about the new home... But I must say this venue is much better for BB than The Blake. The setup and layout were both perfect. Plus- a ton of bathrooms. Previous years you'd have to wait and wait and wait in line. Two giant rooms filled with djs, bars and gorgeous people. No waiting in line. Some of Charlotte's top service industry pros both slinging drinks and also hanging up their tins to just enjoy the party. The VIP lounge was great. Red Bull had a fantastic bar setup... Plus three great bartenders cranking out drinks. This year's theme: Hollywood. The bars (as always) were really into it. I got a big kick out of the Best Bars. They chose an Olympics theme... Complete with a bar made out of ice. Breaking Bad and Dexter were my two favorite. Kudos to Rich, Caldwell, RNDC, Red Bull and everyone involved for throwing such a killer party. And the real winner here: Project Halo. Great charity organization. If you missed out this year, mark your calendars for President's Day 2015!
4	Thanks to winning these coveted Yelp tickets I was able to attend this great event Sunday night. It took a little bit of asking around to find the VIP ticket booth, but all I had to do was find the right person to ask. When my date and I first got there we walked around and noticed all of the very cool bars. Our favorite themes were the one that looked like candy land, and American Gladiators. We loved that each bar would make us their signature drink. The VIP area was very nice and a great place to rest your feet from all of the dancing. It did however, take people too long to get dancing. C'mon people, get on the dance floor! All of the people working the event were great, I could not have asked for better service. However, some of the people who attended were not gentlemen, but it's something you have to anticipate with all of the great drinks to be had. All in all a great night! Thanks Nikki, Kelly and I had a blast!
4	This year Bartender's Ball supported HALO (Helping Animals Live On). I'm a sucker for any event that gives back in that way.This is basically prom with waaaay more alcohol. Area bars and restaurants set up themed booths across two giant rooms with signature drinks and other highlights.There is food served as well but you come here to be seen and enjoy unlimited drinks. There isn't a ton of seating unless you are in the VIP and honestly the bars in the main areas were just as good if not better than the VIP bar.So bring your best dress and a healthy liver to enjoy this throw down.
5	This event was amazing.  I went with Lyndsay N., as her date with the Yelp tickets!The layout of the event was easy to figure out, and each bar was set up beautifully!  Everyone was so into the Tinseltown theme!  We really liked the Candy Land looking one, and American gladiators.  We asked them to give us themed drinks, and they went at it!  Both delicious.  The dance floor was crowded later on in the night, we worked hard at getting it going earlier, but there was only so much we could encourage.Everyone looked beautiful, all sorts of dresses from ball gowns to swanky cocktail dresses.  The VIP lounge was really nice to just have a seat and savor your VIP drink - made by fantastic bartenders with heavy hands.  I felt so lucky to be a date, and treated so well by Yelp (as usual! Thank you, Yelp!).  This is definitely on my calendar for next year.  Fancy night, and a good cause - win win!
