4	Located in the Power Center of Duquesne University, this is a great place to stop in for a quick pick me up or snack. this is the second location of the franchise in the state of pa. so its a treat to have it in pittsburgh. having jamba juice is a great way to forget about the weather. even if it is super duper cold outside, the smoothies with tropical fruits are a sure way to image yourself in the caribbean instead in the cold. aside from having fruit smoothies you can also treat yourself to a shot of wheat grass super good for you but yes it taste like grass. for once something wont taste like chicken. trust me you feel like a rabbit or cow at the end of the shot. but hey if you can shoot vodka or patron you'll be fine. its all gag reactions anyhow... i just love jamba juice and every time i feel a tad under the weather i go for a cold buster with an immunity boost and i'm good to go. see lots of students getting their jamba fix after a work out...and if i worked out i would too. must stop for everyone!
4	Why god why is there only one of these in Pittsburgh!? These places are like Starbucks in other cities, one on every corner! Maybe it's because Pittsburgh is more addicted to IC Light than a smoothie. Well let me tell you, you can't get a boost of vitamin C in a beer!  It's located on Duquesne University, so if you're a student it's an easy walk over.  I only wish they had more locations for us non-students because I can't even illegally park to get to this place. I have to make a special visit. It's worth it though because the smoothie's are delish! The best one I've had is the Aloha Pineapple. There's many many more to choose from. If you have a fav fruit I'm sure there's a smoothie to compliment that. So make a special trip up there, but don't park illegally!
4	Too bad this is the only location in Pittsburgh and is kind of inconvenient to get to. It's also not a fully fledged store, but they seemed to have most of what I'd expect. Strangely, they use paper cups here instead of styrofoam ones.
4	Only a short walk away from the Marriott City Center hotel, the Console Energy Center, Duquesne U, Mercy Hospital, etc.  Great location and I'm really glad its nearby for me because its the only one here.... sadly.Strawberries Alive Smoothie please and thank you.
