3	The concept can be overlooked if you don't walk in and speak to a sales associate. Their flag ship or main feature is to have items customized with swarovski crystals. It is a great idea, cute concept. It can get pricey depending upon what you want however a nice gift idea for someone who has everything.They lose a star because without speaking to a sales associate you really would not know what the store is about.They lose another star because I wanted to purchase a necklace (which they had TONS of) however the one I wanted the chain gets caught on my hair. There was another chain that they seemed to have more of, I asked if it would be ok to change and they wanted to up sell me. I thought that was ridiculous since they had so many of the same chain.
5	I needed a custom shirt made but everything I had found looked cheesy. I remembered going into this store before and hearing about their custom tees. They had a wide variety of designs, fonts and colors of rhinestones to choose from. They helped me incorporate a few of their designs in to what I had in mind and the shirt came out more perfect than I could have imagined. Very happy with my new bling tee and the wonderful customer service I received. Will definitely be returning.
3	I can not explain how expensive this place is for merchandise that looks so cheap. A handful of fake crystals ironed onto a shirt cost around 45 bucks. You could walk next door to the Apple store and get a damn iPod shuffle for that price.
5	I can't say enough about this store. The owner is so genuine and down to earth. The pricing is amazing too. I had some shirts made on Colorado and asked to get pricing on how much it would cost to have them done here. She suggested doing our company logo instead (branding and marketing!!!). I know there are WAY more rhinestones on this shirt than the ones I got in Colorado and these shirts were less expensive. They are so creative too. I can't believe they were able to duplicate my logo!! I am a customer for life!!
4	I stopped here because my Yelp app said this place had Swarovski but unfortunately they didn't. What they had tho was not only blinged out gear for women & girls but super helpful employees that took the time to try & help me find a store. One of these days when I've got my little daughter in tow & we are scouting the San Tan shopping area I think we will stop in here and see if we can loose a couple bucks.
5	Always love going into this store!!! Its so much fun, the associates are very helpful.  Its nice because you can custom make a completely blingout shirt for a very reasonable price.  The quality of their workmanship definetly shows!Its also nice that you don't have a minimum order requirement or setup fee.  The owner works hard to keep her costs for items affordable for every need.I LUV them! :)
5	LOVE LUV this store.  I have used them a couple of times now and they exceed every expectation each time.  I wanted custom t-shirts for my flower girls last year and the designer and I came up with gorgeous shirts.  My flower girls still wear them a year later.  Then my favorite baseball cap was commandeered by my dogs and Luv My Bling was able to re-create it.  Since I was in AZ just for the day they rushed it for me and made it before I left SanTan Village.If you love a little "bling" in your life this is a must stop.
