5	I stopped by here yesterday for lunch with my father.  We are both fans of BBQ and so I was excited whenever I noticed this place come up on Yelp.  The outside of this place is pretty inconspicous along Brookline Blvd although right now they still have a grand opening sign outside.  The inside though is warm and inviting and you can tell that they have put a lot of work into it.  As soon as we entered the restaurant we noticed a sign that said please wait to be seated.  After waiting there for about a minute one of the cooks came over to us and told us to ignore the sign and we took a seat at one of the tables.  Overall this place can maybe hold 20 people or so.  The menus were already on the table and whenever I looked at them I was actually a bit surprised to see that they only had ribs and wings, no pulled pork or brisket here.  Beyond that they also had some burgers and a variety of sides.  Ultimately both my father and I decided on one of the combo's which included 3 ribs, 2 wings, 2 small sides and a cornbread for $12.  For my sides I decided on the Mac and Cheese and Greens while my father went with the potato salad and sweet potato casserole.  We also were given a achoice between the mild, spicy and mustard sauces.  Since I enjoy different kinds of sauces I chose both the spicy and mustard.  After only a short wait our food came out looking pretty good, especially my dad's sweet potato casserole which was topped with marshmallows.  The ribs were large and the chicken wings were whole wings.  I first tried the ribs without the sauce and found them to be tasty although I couldn't taste any smoke on them.  They were tender though and easily fell of the bone. The wings were also pretty good and were cooked up perfectly.  The breading was cripsy and had a good flavor while the chicken inside of it was hot and juicy.  I enjoyed both the ribs and the wings in both of the sauces.  The mustard sauce reminded me of a good carolina sauce while the spicy sauce had a little bit of a zing at the end but nothing too hot.  Finally after I was done with my meats I dug into the mac and cheese which was pretty good for a BBQ joint.  Lastly I tried the greens.  I can't say that they were my favorite as they still had all of their bitterness to them and they didn't seem to be seasoned too well.The bottom line for me is that I will be back here again in the future.  Overall I thought that the food was worthy of 4 stars and whenever I queried my dad, he felt the same.  What pushed them up to the 5 stars is that I could tell that staff really cared about the restaurant and that they were nice while doing all that they could for us
4	Delicious fried wings.  Very good ribs.  The spicy sauce is spicy but not overly spicy.Cornbread muffins were oh so good!  The mac & cheese was pretty standard and OK.  The sweet potato casserole was to sweet for me but others liked it.The staff was super nice and friendly.  Now we have 2 good BBQ places in the neighborhood!  YEA!
5	Must try little gem in the south hills of Pittsburgh! Ribs are awesome... If you get wings try the mustard sauce.
5	I live in Brookline and it's good to finally have a place other than a pizza& gyro shop on the boulevard. I couldn't be more pleased with the food selection and the welcoming staff. The food was amazing and just the right price, it made you feel at home. Bama's Southern Kitchen was truly southern hospitality! I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for great food and quick service!
4	I kept seeing it here on Yelp as a new business, and finally had the opportunity to go and check it out. Easy to find in Brookline, only about a block from Las Palmas, so the GPS lead us right to it.We were greeted by an incredibly sweet and pleasant older woman who guided we newbies through 'how it worked' and took our beverage order. I wasn't sure what to expect before walking in, but the place kind of has the feel of a renovated ice cream parlor or donut shop. Glass display cases and counter, and tables to seat maybe 20 people. Very plain and clean, no kitsch and no frills. The menu is VERY limited, and in my opinion a little pricey. They basically have ribs (pork, or you can order beef), fried chicken wings, burgers, sides, and combos of those. They offer three sauces for the meats, spicy, mild, or mustard.My friend and I both ordered the 4 bone, 8 wing and one side combo for $16 each.The wings were a little small and not very meaty, but when they first came out piping hot, the flavor was excellent. Nicely seasoned breading, and good either plain or dipped in the spicy sauce. As they cooled off, they kind of lost their charm (and the meat seemed to shrink down a bit) so they ended up in a box to come home. I chose the side of mac n cheese and my friend the sweet potato casserole, and though both portions were again a little small for the price point, they were very tasty.Then came the meat. Four ribs. This is where they caught me. I am generally not a huge rib fan because even though they may be delicious and the sauces creatively conjured, there is usually just not enough meat to warrant the price or to fill me up. That was NOT the case here. The ribs were VERY meaty, tender and beautifully cooked, and the spicy sauce was an excellent topper. I can eat spicy sauce that would burn off the faces of most who cringe at the thought of a jalapeno, and for me this was somewhere in between. It did not burn MY tongue, but did kick my sinuses into heavy flow. So if you feel that a single red pepper flake is the end of the world, you might want to go with the mild - but if you REALLY like it spicy hot, you might find this spicy to be mild. My spice gauge found it more toward mild, but it was definitely filled with flavor, and did have a light kick.Our server was perfect. She kind of made you feel like you'd been invited to the party by a friend of her family, and she was going to make sure you enjoyed yourself and felt at home. And she really did. I've giving four of the five stars basically for the pricing. Had the chicken wings been a bit meatier, they might have not seemed so off at about $1 each. The mac n cheese could have also been a half spoonful bigger to make it seem a little more 'wow'. The final bill for the two combos and two sodas came to about $35, and I generally cringe at that price tag in a big bloated atmosphere driven hyped bistroid. This was kind of a somewhat fast food atmosphere with that price ticket.I was very curious why they only have fried chicken WINGS, and not full fried chicken. With their seasoning and some actual chicken thighs and legs, a side of home made mashed taters...mmmmmmmm. I'm not sure that I would become a regular, but when I'm in the mood for good ribs, this would definitely be the first place I think of. But I might just stick to a slab or half slab, instead of playing with the sides.It's definitely a nice addition to an already unique and eclectic neighborhood strip.
5	We just left this place and both of us are so stuffed. We literally barely spoke to each other because we could not put down this food. It's really that good lol. The owners were very friendly and the space is very cozy. I cannot stress enough how good this place was. Best I've had since moving from VA 3 years ago.
5	The older I get, I appreciate a smaller, concise menu. Don't get me wrong - choices are great and variety is welcome. However, restaurants with tailored menus tend to do those dishes exceptionally well. This is true with Bama's. The ribs were moist, tender and flavorful. My wife's wings were large, crispy and meaty. Save room for the sides. As many others have discussed the Mac 'n cheese is tasty. For me, the collards are amazing. You need to understand that I am pure carnivore, but I finished my veggies for the first time in ... well, a long time.   My only minor criticism was the silverskin membrane that remained during cooking. Honestly, I didn't mind it (too much), but personally prefer it removed. Very well done Bama's. We look forward to many more meals.
4	I frequently get take out from Bama's. These ribs are as good as any in Pittsburgh, the chicken wings are really tasty, and the sweet potato casserole is my favorite thing on the menu. Great neighborhood spot!
5	I have been on a Yelp hiatus as of late due to external factors, but Bama's southern kitchen made me return to sing their praises. I feel an obligation to make sure places like Bama's endure and become widely known to the Pgh area and get the credit they deserve for making tummies happy in the 412.I am a sucker for good Southern food for my belly. You name it, greens, biscuits and gravy, fried chicken, ribs, basically everything that would make a cardiac specialist cringeWe ventured in to see very gratified patrons, most on a first name basis with the staff. The menu is very succinct, consisting of burger options, wings, sides, and RIBS.My girlfriend ordered their special, a brisket sandwich, and I ordered 6 ribs. I confidently exclaimed to the staff that a growing man such as myself should have no trouble putting that away. We had sides of Macaroni, red beans and rice, and greens. I have tried ribs many places, the Carolinas, Oklahoma, etc. These were without a doubt my favorite. The smokiness and dry rub alone could make the need for sauce an afterthought. They were extremely meaty and filling. In fact, I failed on my claim and was only able to eat four. They did however come with two sauces to dip in, a mustard, and spicy sauce. They were ungodly delicious. The sides were as wholesome as you would expect from a family picnic and every bit as tasty as well.If you are craving delicious ribs or comfort food, this gem of Brookline should be your jam.
3	I wish I could give Bama's a better nod, but a few things prevented me from tipping my vote to above par.Went to Bama's on a rainy Saturday afternoon and my wife and I walked into an empty joint.  We were promptly greeted and the place smelt great, so we immediately had some high hopes (particularly given the positive Yelp and PG reviews).  Unfortunately, that's where things started to slip a bit.I'm a sucker for beef ribs.  I'll say it.  So I was disappointed to hear they are only offered on certain days/times when I attempted to order them (the menu failed to mention this).  Not to be discouraged, I figured I'd sooth the wound with a bit of sweet potato casserole, but again, no luck...  out.At this point, I just wanted some grub, so we decided to order the rib combo plate.  Six ribs, mac & cheese and double corn bread muffins.The ribs - these were perhaps the biggest disappointment.  While the looked the part (big, juicy and smoked) they definitely didn't play it.  Chewy, fatty, a lack a bark and overall I found myself not really looking to finish them.  One positive is they did have probably the most intense smoke flavor I've tasted (not always a good thing though)The mac - nothing special here.  The noodles were overdone and kind of reminded my of a dryer version of StouffersThe corn bread - a saving grace here.  Definitely some of the better corn bread I've had in the city (moist, sweet and crisp on the edges)(Bonus) The spicy sauce - another plus here.  Sweet and spicy, I found myself mopping the remains on the place with every ounce of corn bread I hadMaybe we just got a bad rack, but I'm hoping to try and give it another shot in the future.
4	Wow. That's the first word that comes to mind. The second is finger licking good. The third is, when can I go back!?I realize there's a great debate on what's better BBQ in Pittsburgh, but I honestly think there's an array of different kinds, that can range from good to mediocre. This is definitely on the good end!I got the meal of 3 ribs, 2 wings and 2 sides. Momma came HUNGRY! But really I just chalk it up to the ribs and wings not being much meat. The ribs were great. I tried the beef ribs, so while two had a decent amount of meat on them, one did not. But the smoked flavor itself ALMOST warranted no sauce. Almost. But that's just because I love sauce too much... I couldn't not have it. And the mild sauce I tried was the right combo of spicy and sweet. I thought the wings were good, but had very little meat on it. The breaking was really good though. How do you choose between meat and breading?The sides were all great too. I split 2 other sides with a friend as well. Usually there's always a mix of good and bad, but all were good. I think the best was the sweet potato casserole. It tasted like pie, it was just incredible! The greens were great and the cornbread was too. Usually I find cornbread dry, so I was happy this wasn't. The only two that were okay were the mac n cheese and beans, but they weren't bad by any means.This is gonna be my new spot for BBQ in my area for sure! If you don't live around here, it's still WELL worth the drive here!
4	It's okay, they try very hard to put out a consistent product and make sure your happy. But I don't think they do the volume to really be consistent with ribs. Mine were falling off the bone and the Mrs weren't well cooked. Corn bread is amazing, red beans and rice was decent, Mac n cheese could use some help, the cook needs to learn to make a rue.
4	Popped in here on a weekend afternoon for the special which was a pulled pork sandwich with a side. The woman at the counter was extremely pleasant and welcoming. I love pulled pork. I loved this pulled pork. I got the spicy sauce and it was very flavorful. Plenty of meat was piled onto a kaiser roll. I had a hard time deciding on what side to get, but I went with greens and was not disappointed. I'm a big fan of greens, and although another patron suggested I put hot sauce and vinegar on them, I thought they were perfect on their own. Can't wait to go back and try the mac + cheese as well as some of the other main courses. So glad to have yet another tasty restaurant in Brookline.
