4	A deli with a wide selection of liquor, beers, wine a decent cheese counter and sweets/ cakes to choose from. As most delis it offer a good choice of specialised pasta, fresh bread, olives, spreads, chocolates etc etc. There is also a cafe and a restaurant which I have yet to try, although they always seem to advertise good coffee and cake deals on their colourful boards.This used to be our reference point for getting alcohol past 10 but new licensing laws have taken away from us this special option. However, recently I have been sort of disappointed by the staff. I know people have their bad days, and surely a deli in a densely student populated area doesn't bring the nicest clientele, but when I bought a bottle of wine with my mum they took forever to come to the till (the two were chatting on one side) and didn't even bother with wrapping it up or offering a bag, the guy just walked off. Also,it's wine selection is in quite a random order, and you can't really see the higher levels so I think they just put random bottles under random places as my dad pointed out. Despite of this it's open until late (11pm) and has a lot of food and deli options to choose from, both sweet and savoury, ideal for spoiling your self or for a gift, as well as a large selection of wines, spirits and beers.
4	Likle most delis, Peckhams has somewhat of a bizarre effect on me. I love the thought of it, and as I approach the door I get visibly excited at the thought of the numerous culinary treats within. Yet when I actually get inside, I can never find anything I actually want to eat, or can be bothered with the hassle of cooking.One day I'll find something I'm sure. That aside, Peckhams is a chain deli with branches in more or less every area that has below average unemployment. Cous cous, olives, fancy bread, cakes and imported booze, you know what to expect.
4	Peckhams is one of those places that from the outside can look slightly intimidating, as far as delis go. Its polished exterior and emblazoned important letters may make it look a bit less friendly than other warmer, hippy feel delis, but don't be scared, open the door and peek inside, as this emporium of fine things is a bit of a legend on the Edinburgh scene.Peckhams sells the array of groceries you would expect a quality deli to stock, from the stocked meat and cheese counter, to coffee, bread, tasty fresh dips and nibbles, and organic veg. They also have a really interesting and dynamic range of alcoholic beverages on offer, with an array of  brightly coloured beer from every different place, and some very good wines, proseccos and champagnes. Peckhams also acts as a coffee shop, so you can sit in and sample some of their potent but brilliant coffee if you want, plus have something to eat too. The people that work here also definitely know their Sauvignon Blancs from their Chardonnays. I tried to make that sound clever with my basic wine knowledge, but you get what I mean, they know their stuff.
4	This Peckhams on South Clerc Street, although out the price range of most students, offers friendly service and excellent quality produce.  It prides itself in selling only the finest quality food and drink and has a wide varitey of both local and international produce.  Looking around the ground floor is a culinary experience in itself with specialist meats, ales, cheeses, olives and freshly baked bread also.I had lunch in their restaurant downstairs with my parents and it was a success all round.  The pea soup, although presented in the style of modern gastronomy, was tasty and filling.  Further, the bread tasted fresh and wasn't simply Hovis chucked in a basket.To shop at Peckhams is certainly out of my budget as a student but a trip inside gives an eye-opening insight into a whole world of quality food and drink.
4	I'm a bit of a sad case and watch "Come Dine With Me" a little bit more than is healthy and as such, dream of hosting sophisticated dinner parties for my friends. In fact, a few of my friends have already hosted a few "Come Dine With Me" style dinners and it will soon be my turn to step up to the challenge.Peckham's will definitely be top of my list of places to visit for delicious ingredients for my meal. Their deli section offers a tantalising range of fresh meats, salads and cheese and they even have ready made pastas, lasagnes and cakes if I feel like cheating, but I wouldn't do that, of course...In addition to delicious foods they also have a good range of wines that would compliment my winning meal perfectly.I can imagine Peckham's being a great place to work and as a definite foodie it's a bit of a danger zone for me - I would just constantly want to eat all the goodies on offer and one day would wake up a size 120.
5	I have been writing reviews for Yelp for some time now, and I cant believe that I have only just decided to review Peckhams!!This place, since I moved to Edinburgh some 3 years ago, has always held a special place in my heart.The most amazing of all shops on South Clerk Street - this branch of Peckhams houses a vast selection of alcohol - everything from exclusive spirits and liquers, to real ales and odd beers as well as local ciders etc and posh wines, this place has it all. Thje deli counter which dominates the centre of the shop holds so many different meats, cheeses, odd edibles and cakes you could easily spend a months wages trying them all, while the rest of the shop houses foods which are mainly organic, local or just plain tasty.A great place to come for something special.
4	Came here for a a slice of Victoria Sponge and a couple of coffees.Was fun to look at all the cakes (served by WEIGHT :P) and the variety of goods on offer. Was a bit of a novelty seeing all the Australian beers I am used to being sold here at slightly inflated prices :)CAKE BY WEIGHT! WOOHOO! :) Victoria Sponge was very tasty as were coffees.
3	Peckhams has a bunch of cool stuff.  They have some interesting beers (as well as interesting nuns buying them!??!), interesting sauces, interesting foods... but they don't seem to be as good as they used to be.  They used to carry more rare an unusual alcohol, and if they didn't have it they would be happy to order it.  Now I'm told that they'll look into ordering something and I never hear anything else about it.  They also have about a million different flavours of things like mayonaise, but no tartar sauce.  I think what they're trying to do is to be just different enough that they don't compete with the likes of the Sainsbury's down the road, but unfortunately instead it just means that they stock very specialised foods that maybe the average person doesn't want to buy.  I think they're going to have to up their game a bit, especially as the other two Peckhams have closed.  I like this place, don't get me wrong, but I *want* to like it a lot more than I actually do.
5	A great selection of all things tasty!  This is the perfect place to make a killer picnic basket.
4	Peckhams holds a special place in my heart.  When i first came to edinburgh this place was literally a two minute walk from the flat i lived in.  I was a frequent visitor...so frequent that the staff knew me by name and every now and then would give me a staff discount.  since moving from newington to leith, i don't frequent Peckhams as often which makes me sad, so when an opportunity for a bit of late night dessert arose i knew the one place to go!open til midnight (i think every day except sunday....) if i'm wanting a homemade cake or other baked good this is the place i go.  after dinner last night, my boyfriend kindly agreed that a bit of cake was in order and off we went.  the deli counter has a whole side devouted just to desserts and last night there were a number of good looking cakes!  including two halloween themed ones, which was appropriate given it was halloween.  i opted for a vanilla cupcake topped with orange frosting and a cute ghost made from foundant icing.  the boy got a slice of chocolate orange cake which was frosted with orange frosting to look like a pumpkin.i have to say my cupcake was only ok...i was a bit disappointed to be honest as everything else i've ever had from peckhams has been very scrumptious so i'm not basing my review soley on the cupcake.  the cupcake part was a bit dry and the frosting had a slightly strange taste... but my boyfriend assured me that his chocolate cake was very moist, chocolatey, and tasty.  so perhaps my cupcake perception is a bit skewed after devouring the more gourmet versions from other bakeries in edinburgh.seriously though the Peckhams love is still strong.  this place is open late (a rarity in edinburgh!) they sell delicious baked goods, have a fully stocked deli counter of cheese, meats, and various anti pasti, have a cold cabinet of freshly made sandwiches and salads, and they sell alcohol til midnight!!  i only wish that peckhams was closer to leith!!
2	Tsk tsk.. Peckhams Peckhams.. *shaking head*  We were here on a platter with drink voucher from itison - we went around 18:30. *no reservation required* - but the only table we could to sit on on arrival was .. reserved. - Never mind some people did leave soonish after we arrived and we took that spot. We choose the meat variety.  3 different sliced meats, chorizo and 2 salamis served with a selection of toasted artisan breads and sided by a dip of olive oil and modena balsamic. A red wine and a bottle of beer.it was all OK. Nothing special. I cannot believe that we had this in a shop - OK it is Peckhams but we still had a meal in a shop. It did feel like we were on a quick break in a canteen. It wasn't cosy or comfortable. I wouldn't go back there for sit in snack. The product offerings in the shop were artisan, niche and luxurious. - But so were their prices. This is a miss for me.
3	Surprisingly, peckhams didn't live up to the expectations which the options available promised...  I kind of see peckhams like a dolls house, you know the ones, where the food looks amazing but ends up being made of plastic. Maybe that is a bit harsh, but peckhams really doesn't live up to what it has on show. They sell fresh bread and pastries, a variety of cheeses, enticing cakes and tarts, and the expected deli items like olive oil, cantuccini, sundried tomatoes. I was deceived on my first trip here, and felt very willing to pay the elevated prices to get some good food.Alas, a bite into two beautiful cakes revealed they were dry, and quite mediocre. The goats cheese was hard and tasted like it had been waiting for its prince to come for far too long in that deli counter, and the croissant wasn't as good at those founds in Lidls. I love the idea of the place, it has potential, though I feel as though they should work hard at keeping it real, rather than charging extortionate prices for food that is just ok.That said, they seem to be popular with locals and the local student population, so they must be doing something right??
4	If you are after a nice selection of wines, beers and spirits, this is a good place to go. If you want to sit and have a better than average cafe experience, it'll do the job. There are cakes, sandwiches, breads and cheeses, most of what you might expect to find in a deli. The staff are helpful and it's hard to come out without having bought something lovely.However, if you live locally and go regularly you'll be frustrated by the constantly changing stock. Somewhere to browse for a treat rather than to go in for staples.
5	The employees were very friendly and helpful, the prices were quite reasonable considering the quality, and the fresh desserts all looked amazing. We had the sticky toffee pudding and it was even better than it looked. Delicious.
