1	You have to sign a waiver when you register, stating you will not sell drugs or prostitue yourself out of the hotel room. Wow.Killed a roach by the bed, another in the bathroom. There were what looked like bloodstains on the wall, some kind of fungus hanging out of the faucet in the bathroom sink, pubic hairs on the tile in the shower, and a USED bar of soap still in the shower.The air conditioning unit on the wall wasn't fitted properly; we could see through it & out into the parking lot while lying in bed. It made oven knobs for dials. The curtains were tied back with trash can liners.Horrific experience.
1	We paid 100$ for a room on 31st Dec. The hotel is on 15th Street in Downtown Las Vegas. When we started walking towards the motel from the Golden Nugget hotel, the neighborhood got scarier. We came across people ogling at us and asking for money. The neighborhood was really scary. After reaching 8th street, we did not feel safe at all and decided to walk back and did not check into the motel. Later we heard from a fellow traveller that there are a lot of shootings in that neighborhood, people smoke pots and the police have put camera's on the street to monitor their activities. We asked for a refund from the manager of the motel, but she refused. I would not recommend anyone to stay at Desert Moon motel and also I'd not recommend booking from agoda.com as they may have more such hotels in their list.
1	This review could go either way. Part of me wants to give it 5 stars...but in the interest of helping people, I had to be honest, not ironic :-(This joint is FABULOUSLY atmospheric if you're looking for a place to settle down for a crack binge...or if, as I was, you are looking for a gross, shitty motel room in which to do a photo shoot. But if you're just looking for a clean, safe place to stay in Vegas....there are plenty of vastly superior options -- and for cheaper, too!CONS: As the other reviewers mention, the place is shitty, roach-infested, grungy and in a crummy part of town populated by crackheads and whores (and people who "smoke pots"). The a/c units wheeze and groan and don't fit properly; the doorknobs are loose, and the bathrooms are pretty janky.PROS: The place has history -- it's been around since the 1940s or so, and thousands of wads have been blown in its hallowed rooms. And that's just since June!! The best part about the Desert Moon Motel is, the TVs in the rooms offer FREE 24-hour XXX movies. During my brief one-hour stay (one of MANY brief, one-hour stays in its history, LOL), the TV happened to be showing a clown (in full circus regalia) fingerbanging an Asian chick with a full, 1980s bush. At the end, instead of jizzing on her....he covered her bush with Silly String!!!!!!I just don't see getting that kind of ambiance at the Bellagio. I mean, there's dancing fountains.....and then there's jizzing clowns. Which would YOU prefer?!!
1	This hotel is run by con artists and scammers.  Wouldn't doubt if they are the hookers and drug addicts that other reviewers talked about. I booked a room for tonight (New Year's Eve) and was unable to go due to a medical emergency. I had to take my friend to the ER and we were there for hours. After we found out my friend was going to be ok but not able to travel -- much less party -- I tried to cancel the reservation.  The booking company was nice and cooperative.  Can't say the same for the hotel staff.  The booking company said that CHRIS the general manager would not give a refund due to the fact that he wouldn't be able to re-book the room. Are you friggin' me? Las Vegas on New Year's Eve and you can't re-book the room?? Are you on crack?? The crack that your hotel sells every day?  When I called the hotel directly I was told that CHRIS no longer works for the company.  Clearly someone is lying and I doubt it's the booking company.  I understand the 24 hour cancellation policy but I have cancelled other hotels when a medical emergency has taken place and I have always gotten a refund -- especially when I show proof.  This hotel and it's staff are just shady and criminalistic.  STAY FAR AWAY!!!!
