5	There is a good reason this hotel is expensive (yet worth every Penny).  They really have great service.  FANTASTIC ROOMS.  As long as you are on the 8th floor and up in this hotel, the view is great everywhere.  One side is the strip view and the other is the great gulf course view, which is real peaceful. They have lots of great activities at the Wynn, from the Ferrari showcase and dealership to the light show.  It is great for spot for your teen son.  He will definitely enjoy it (my son loved it).  The only thing is the Ferrari dealership charges $10 per person to go inside and look at their inventory of Ferrari's and used exotics!  That was a bummer and I will make a comment on their review page. Great food, great service, great rooms... need I say more?
5	Nothing but the finest. If you're looking for clubs, restaurants, phones, clothing and cocktails, this place has it all. It's worth the price if you are rewarding yourself by going on a vacation after paying off your student loan. Yeah, I said it!
5	This is where we got a Priceline deal to plan our 3 day wedding trip.  We had never even stepped inside the Wynn and it is indeed gorgeous.Otherwise it was luxurious, with great clean atmosphere and a uniform unconditionally great staff response to the customers.Rooms are beautiful. Electric controls of the curtains and the lights are great.Bathrooms to die for!The cafe has great breakfast foods: the salmon everything bagel and chocolate croissant were perfect. Coffee is excellent.The Red Restaurant is super good. I enjoyed the eggplant with pork belly (they don't identify it as pork belly in the menu which I think is just wrong though) and cat's eye noodles. Their chicken satays with peanut sauce were the bomb. My new husband enjoyed the Kung Pao Shrimp which was one of the best meals he has never had. I do not like their bench seating: there are huge tables making people have to shout so their noise is noisy. Don't go for a quiet conversation.The casino is nice and clean and does not convey too much smoky smell although there are lots of smokers here.Wifi should be free when you pay for a hotel like this Priceline or not.Wifi is $29 for 24 hours and they say it is reimbursed when you check out if you have paid the resort fees daily.We confirmed that they do reimburse the wifi fees at checkout but I did not use the internet because I had an iPhone hot spot to use.4G phones get a weird slow connection in the rooms however.We took a walk over to Encore but we definitely would not ever go there as the decor is creepy.  Wynn is lovely and decorated to the taste of everyone.
