5	"Scared? Confused? Need help?" These were the first words I read on Unique Accounting's website when I began researching CPAs upon my move to Nevada. It definitely caught my attention, and the positiveness of this statement was further backed up by all of the wonderful reviews I read concerning this fantastic business. I walked in the door and was immediately put at ease by Jason. In the initial consultation he made suggestions for my situation which has since saved me thousands of dollars.The setting is professional but very relaxed. These guys definitely know their business. There have also been a couple of tax situations that had cropped up, but Jason and his staff handled them to my benefit quickly and efficiently.Considering the money I have saved by using Unique Accounting, the fees for services rendered are considerably more than reasonable. I've paid a lot more and received a lot less with other accounting firms I have tried in the past. This firm goes above and beyond for their clients. I'm so glad these guys are young, I plan to use them for as long as I possibly can! :)
5	I found this firm as it was very close to my new  home.  I will stay with this firm because it has top notch, personal and professional, service and value.  They were excellent!!  I usually pay top dollar for this kind of service, but to my surprise, they were less expensive than the mediocre alternatives.  Thanks guys!!  You're the best!!
5	i love is place!!! I have been looking for a accounting for a long time, this place is the best that i been to.(BTW, HR sucks!! the tax person have no idea what he was talking about and have to google my questions, why i need find a accounting person if my tax issue can be find online? -.-no experience at all!!) My tax manager was Jon Geever he is soo nice and patient!! He helped me find out the best solution i can get for my individual property tax (for 2013 tax) and told me what is the best way for next year too. And also other questions that i've been confused! The staff who work for unique accounting r all very helpful and friendly!! For 2014 tax, i will for sure come back here and let them help me ! The rate they charge are reasonable too!!!!
