4	This was the first time I had Taco Bell in MONTHS!  You can imagine my excitement to try the XXL Chalupa for the first time... just went through the drive trough, but it was heaven.... now it will be another 6 months or so before I go back= just been on this "watching what I eat" kick lately so this was my weekend splurge for the month.  I told myself if I beat my deadline at work (which I did at 6pm on Friday evening)... I would treat myself.When I used to go here often... the service is pretty quick.  Though one time they ran out of soft taco shells... so half the menu was not availabe... not cool.  I'd imagine a lot of people come through there... but oh well.
4	I live not too far from this taco bell, and go pretty often.  So I'm not sure if this is a practice across the board with taco bell or just this one.  They are really nice people, never had a problem with the food or any one.  Well I got the catina bowl the other day, and I've had a few of them.  I ordered a side of guacamole, because it's pretty good.  I took my food home, and it took me a little bit to eat it was busy running after my 2 year old.  But any who, the guacamole sat for a few moments and it turned a really funky green that I'm not use to.  Now I've had guacamole from other restaurants and I've never had it turn colors on me, so I'm not sure if this was chilled before I got it or not, but I know I will not order that again.  That's the first time that's ever happened to me.  Maybe it's just me.....
2	I give this location 2 stars, yet I still visit it. I've been here a handful of times, and most of them has been at night.When my fiance and I order from here at night, the food is always soggy. It's gross. I usually stay away from the Tacos or anything that involves wrapped in paper when I go at night. In the day time, I guess that's when the good managers are there. The food was never really soggy if we visited for lunch. I'm sure I'll go back, but like I said. I just won't order anything wrapped in paper unless it was during the day.
4	we ate lunch here yesterday and everyone left happy and full!!!! it was good!!1
