3	Charming, rustic hotel in a historic stone building on the "wrong" side of the tracks. Very friendly and helpful owners. Our room was small but comfortable and clean. Close to the river and bicycle path. Located in a working class neighbourhood with interesting street life, which is either fun or a bit scary, depending on your tastes. A 20 minute bicycle ride to downtown Montreal along the pathway. Bixi Bike racks are a few blocks away.
2	On a recent family trip, my mother thought it would be nice for me to have a more personalized experience in a smaller hotel versus my typical big corporate chain hotels.  They had wireless internet so I was willing to go along.  Turns out the wireless was pretty bad and I kept getting kicked off on my laptop & my iPad.  My phone couldn't even find the wireless network.  But I'm on vacation, so I shouldn't be so connected.  No big deal.The room was ok...they gave us the wrong room when we checked in, but quickly rectified the situation when we brought it to their attention.  However, the room decor was completely mismatched - like they had gotten the furniture at garage sales and just threw them into whatever rooms needed them.  It appeared that my room hadn't been vacuumed in a while as there was debris in those hard to reach spaces.  Or maybe it had been vacuumed but they only got the 'easy' areas.  Despite being a 2 bedroom suite with 3 beds, there were only 2 towels in the bathroom.  And the shower heads in the tub only provided a medium mist when you showered.  The woman was very friendly and nice and gave us a lot of useful tips of things to do around the city.  Unfortunately, she failed to mention that they block off certain sections of Sainte-Catherine Rue at night, so we ended up taking a 45 minute "detour" around the city as we tried to drive our way back at the end of the night.  Since we had gotten take out at a restaurant, I was not a happy camper to arrive back at the hotel with cold food.  The one good thing - she recommended we check out the Biodome de Montreal which turned out to be my favorite attraction during our time there.The breakfast provided is pretty simple.  Cereal, bagels, croissants, coffee, orange juice (clearly frozen concentrate as it was diluted), but pretty tasty.  It wasn't a bad place since we really only needed a place to sleep and were out and about exploring the city most of the days.  Keep in mind, they have a rule of no alcohol consumption in the hotel at ALL TIMES.  So if you like to party, I'd recommend another hotel.
3	Friendly staff and overall clean and quaint favorites, however, neighborhood seen a but rough around the edges, and is a bit far away from central montreal
