5	This place has all the makings of one of my favorite shops: creepy vibe, rare stuff, and an owner that is a maniacal know-it-all geek par excellence. I wanted to buy a classic NES console and a friend had told me they sell repaired ones here. The owner offered to repair a used one for me within the next week for $40 or I could buy one NIB for $65. I had an immediate urge to play Duck Hunt, so I chose the NIB deal. They also stock some awesome vintage consoles, including Atari, Vectrex, and full-sized arcade games, as well as classic/rare video game cartridges. God, I feel very geeky writing this review, but I am sure I will be back for an Atari system within the next week.
4	Don't let the name fool you. There's more to this store than merely REPAIRING your games. It's a pain to get to, being in one of the worst parts of Vegas, bur worth checking out.This is a full-fledged game store as well. And it'd even part arcade, thanks to several arcade cabinets in the store that are playable.The selection of games is WAY better than you'd expect from a store called Game REPAIR. They have games for EVERY system, of yesterday and today alike. Systems too. And even some rare import titles. There is plenty of obscure stuff you won't find in any other Vegas game store.The personality of the staff seems hit and miss. Despite this, though, I've ALWAYS gotten help with what I've needed. EVERYONE in this store is knowledgeable.My only gripe is the pricing on some of the items in the store, often outrageous when compared with internet retailers that sell the same stuff for cheaper.Don't let that one gripe trick you. This is a GREAT store. Whether you're a Vegas Valley resident, or just visiting, this is one game store you need to visit.TRIVIA: This establishment was featured in an episode of the History channel series Pawn Stars.
5	I collect old video game systems, and as you can guess, they're not as easy to come by these days.Like an idiot, I followed a DIY (Do It Yourself) that I found online to clean the screen of an Atari Lynx, and it went bad.  It went really bad.Their game repair is mostly in regards to the more current systems.  My 20+ year old system was out of their jurisdiction.  After admitting that they don't have the experience to work on such a piece, the owner paused for a moment, then asked me to bring it in anyway.  He would take a look at it.The store itself is nice.  They have a ton of old gaming stuff, even if what I brought in was just on the cusp of what they didn't have.  But what they didn't have they tried anyway.  Let me reiterate that.  Even though my system wasn't in their realm of repair expertise, rather than turn me away, they made an effort to help me regardless.  That spoke volumes to me, and the repair job status become somewhat irrelevant (though I still wanted it fixed, mind you).And for their so-called "lack of expertise", they did a fine job anyway.  Mind you, I really made a mess of my attempted repair job, but the level that they attempted to restore it was worlds better than what I accomplished.  At any rate, they made it functional again, which was greatly appreciated.The place is small, but they have some things that I haven't seen in years.  The staff gave me (admittedly deserved) flack for my botching my system, but it was good-natured, and I enjoyed talking with them as they worked on it.  The price was right, and more than fair as well.  I walked out very happy, and will frequent them again.For a "Mom 'N' Pop", this place is a classy little find with a lot of heart.  It's nice to see that places like this still exist.
5	I love these people, they saved my ps3 and xbox
5	We recently had our Xbox 360 repaired here when we experienced the "open tray" error. The gentleman who assisted us was great and they repaired our system in just a few days during the holiday busy season.  I like doing business with genuine people like these folks who provide a fair and honest service.  In addition, they provide cost effective previously owned games as well.  We picked up a couple of those too!  Overall, a good experience and you can't go wrong here.
5	These guys are great. Super friendly and they know what their talking about. They always have what I'm looking for. I will be back again for any repairs I need or just to buy games
5	This place is GREAT!!  We were having trouble with our Xbox - a lifeline for our 10 year old.  I thought we would have to tAke it to Henderson to get fixed.  Brian just gave it a good cleaning and it works like a charm.  We will definitely be back if we have any more trouble with our gaming systems.  Thanks Brian!!
5	my husband and i came here the other day to hunt for some games for our collection. we're from san jose ca and everytime we travel we always try to look up shops that sell retro games. we came up on super castlevania 4 and axelay on the snes. got a great deal on them. the owner of the place was extremely passionate about retro games. i loved that about him. you can tell when someone is genuinely a gamer or someone is just there to sell (like the guys at gamers paradise) will definitely stop by here again when we're back in vegas!
4	I brought my PS2 in here for a quick power input repair.  I was in the store for maybe 20 minutes while the owner and repair man talked about games and gaming systems and soldered my PS2 back to working order.  He charged $25 for this repair which is a far better deal than buying a new system.  I got it home and played all day.  It had been a long time and I was sorely our of practice.  I'm glad I finally brought it in for repair.  It felt good to game again.  And if I ever feel the need to buy an old school game for my classic NES I know where to come.  Game Repair sells those old cartridges for a reasonable price.
5	I've stopped by here for retro games many times. Good business people, know their stuff. Thankfully I have never needed a game system repaired but this would be my first call. Highly recommend.
1	First off let me start by saying I am a vintage Nintendo Entertainment Video Game Collector. So when I saw this store I got excited. I had checked this store out 3 or 4 times prior to this visit and I must say it started out good and ended up being terrible. Here is my experience.I walked in the door at 11:31 am. I was greated by a female employee who I believe is the owners wife. She was quite friendly as she always has been in mt previous visits. I start looking at the Original Nintendo games on the wall. As im looking I see a ton of "common" games. However one catches my eye as this game would catch any collectors eye. Its "Power Blade 2" im thinking Wow, this is going to be awsome. Then I look at it closely.  The label has minor damage and there is writing on the cartridge with a sever rattle in the case. As I buyer im still excited. Then the owner comes over and says hi. I responded hello and asked him how much the game would cost since there are no price tags on any items. He said the games on the wall are $5.00 to $10.00 depending on the game.  He then says this game "Power Blade 2" was $8.00 im thinking.....ohh yeah! I agree to purchase the game. When I get to the counter he says to me. "My son says this game is broken and I cant sell it" I explained to the man that I didnt care that it was broken im buying thee game as is. Then he said "Hey you can call me a fucking asshole and you can say what ever you want. Im not selling you the game at $8.00" I replied sir I am a respectable adult and I dont speak to people the way you do. He then apologized for the language and said im still not selling the game. I told the man I understand. You made a mistake on the price and you didnt know the value to the game. I asked him so what will you sell the game for and he looked at me and walked off saying "ive got to check each game in my store now. Someones in trouble" I went to leave and he said "Good Riddance" Now im no genius but I dont think thats the way you should run a business. The man could have at least game me a new price quote.  Maybe he needs to learn how to be professional and run a business. Fact is this guy and his store is a bunch of jerks and they should be shut down. No price tags on items so he can screw you at the register.  He price quotes then looks it up on eBay and trys to bend you over. Personally if I was having a bad day I would have punched him in his mouth for talking too me the way he did. My advice is take your money to Wii Play Games or Zia Records or even Gameworld. These are local Las Vegas shops who sell vintage games without insulting you and cussing at you. Or better yet shop on eBay at least then your protected as a buyer from greedy doush bags like this guy. Thanks.
5	Great place!Buy, sell, trade, fix...... everything. Had some old DS games and a DS brought it in to trade or sell.  They ended up fixing my Wii and throwing in some games!
