1	I ordered a pool filter from PoolAZ.com. One week passed after my credit card was charged but I never received a delivery notification. I finally called, but got their voicemail.... their hours of operation are 9-3 Mon-Fri. Pretty cushy hours for a retail outfit. Not real handy, to say the least.So, I sent an email asking for help. I finally got an email response a coupla days later..... not a phone call with an explanation and maybe even an apology, but a very short story about how FedEx had damaged the item and they were sending another filter. They also said they would send delivery confirmation and tracking in two days.Two days turned into a week and I got NOTHING. I sent them another email asking for a status on the delivery. What I got was this, "Hello currently the supplier we get these from is out of stock, We have issued you a credit to your credit card and canceled the order."No "Sorry." ...No "Is there something else we can do for you?" ...No "Let me show you another filter that will suit your needs."  What customer service rep in their right mind grunts out a one-line answer? Something is very wrong with this person. I think their skill sets would be better suited to breaking down cardboard boxes at the Wal-Mart Distribution Center.Basically no customer service. None. They didn't have time for me and they showed me so with their lame and pathetic email communications and their lack of customer care after they botched my order.I don't believe for one minute that they ever sent the filter in the first place. And then just canceled my order with no possibility of any kind of resolution. WTF?I called the filter manufacturer to see if this item was still in production  or if it was back-ordered. Yes - still in production. No - not back-ordered.I contacted another online Pool Supplier and got my filter pronto!These Bozos obviously don't want this kind of business and it shows in their lack of service. They could have gotten this filter for me, but instead chose not to.Lame. Pathetic. Unacceptable.
1	I ordered pool lights from this company.  They arrived timely, but they were the wrong size.  I have spent the last 2 weeks sending emails and calling their customer service, but have yet to speak with a live person.  They have ZERO customer service and appear to try to avoid returns at all costs.  I sent the lights back certified and turned my case over to American Express.  I will let them take care of getting my money back.  I konw PoolsAZ received the lights back.I would avoid this company at all costs.  They have ZERO customer service.
1	Absolutely horrible! It has been over two weeks and the item hasn't shipped. It is nearly impossible to reach the customer support. I was able to get through once on their telephone, but only once. They don't respond the emails or messages left on their answering machine. The original item I ordered somehow was out of stock. They only told me this after I was able to reach them a week later after the order. It seems if you don't reach someone you will never get your order... Now the item that was supposed to be shipped in its place has been in processing for over a week... Very upsetting.
