3	It's subway. I'm not really sure what else to say. But it's near my office and when I forget lunch, and don't want anything the cafeteria has to offer and I'm on a limited time budget this place wins every time. Only downfall is that if you go directly at noon, you're gonna be in line for awhile, due to the office folk. Go a little early or a little late and you'll be good to go.
5	I think we're really spoiled in our world of choices. There are a lot of other places to choose from that make equally good subs, but c'mon.  How you going to give a place 3 stars, when you probably eat there once a month.  Great fresh subs, good bread choices, and very satisfying when considering a turkey foot long with cheese is under 700 calories.  It's not sexy, but your waste line will thank you for it.  Give this oldie a break.
4	Subway is one of my staples for lunchtime Sandwiches.  I stop by this particular location when I'm visiting clients nearby.  My meal of choice is a 12" BMT ($6.25) w/Chips ($1.10).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/subway-scottsdale-23?select=IyxvyMg4i4NCv4KK9A9Hxg#IyxvyMg4i4NCv4KK9A9Hxghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/subway-scottsdale-23?select=zaN-t24dhs4a_zBWWabpcg#zaN-t24dhs4a_zBWWabpcghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/subway-scottsdale-23?select=4Xnxa2qQGFQXiQGhS-x-Bw#4Xnxa2qQGFQXiQGhS-x-Bwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/subway-scottsdale-23?select=C-JYjGRTmXkB0hXJFNqy5w#C-JYjGRTmXkB0hXJFNqy5wThe Sandwich Artists here usually make them stuffed with all of the toppings I like.  They don't skimp here.  The toppings are always fresh.  Because of all of the business parks nearby, this place can get slammed for lunch.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/subway-scottsdale-23?select=y1f7JOM5z6cilcSUfMaQcw#y1f7JOM5z6cilcSUfMaQcwI recommend coming before 11:50 AM or after 1 PM to avoid the rush.  There are plenty of tables and chairs here if you want to dine in.Return Factor - 80%
3	Subway is a Subway is a Subway is a Subway.Load up veggies on a 6" roasted chicken breast on wheat or honey oat bread and you've got a pretty inexpensive, healthy meal. We're not going for taste here, folks, though I've come to like the rubbery chicken. Here are a couple tips: *Get your sandwich with mayo, oil, vinegar, salt and pepper. It'll have the same nuances of a legit deli sandwich. *The chicken breast is a great canvas for the sweet onion sauce, Sriracha or truly any of their other concoctions*Ask for green peppers and onions (if you like em) to be added to your sandwich before toasting. It has a nice effect. The FUZE tea with honey is actually pretty good too. It supposedly has antioxidants, though what doesn't?The parking at this location is odd as you have to drive past it, towards the back before you can come in. Well, that's it - Eat Fresh!
5	Usually I don't even go to Subway but lately I've been having a weird craving so 6-inch Turkey Subs are all I've been eating. This particular Subway is great. The employees are nice and well put together (no tweakers here!)...but anywho, the Turkey is always fresh, along with the bread, Italian Herbs and Cheese ftw! And they're super fast, might give Jimmy Johns a run for their money. And last but not least, it's a clean establishment!! There's nothing than I love more than to see a clean restaurant, the customers do appreciate it...well at least I do. Anyways, if you do crave Subway occasionally, I would recommend this location.
2	There is a Subway in the Fry's shopping center nearby that is better. The bread here was still soggy, even after toasting.
1	I do normally go to subway 3 times a week. Today when I went in at 9.45pm I ordered the food and the food is good but there are 2 workers working at that time a boy and a girl. After me and my wife took the food and sat down at around 9.50pm they said u must leave by 10 because we will close at 10 and I said OK. In between one old woman who finished her order and when she left those workers are commenting on her and I can hear that clearly. That's not the way how they should be they should have manners.And the main thing exactly at 10 lady came and said u must leave now and I requested for 5 more minutes.and she said OK but immediately after a 2 min she came in again and asked us to GET OUT and I got obsessed and I asked her do we need to stop eating right now and leave can't u give us 5min and immediately another guy came with a shouting voice and said GET OUT right now. I haven't faced this type of experience anytime in my life. He then said GET OUT right now or we will call cops. I don't know that 5 more minutes after closing time is a big crime. I said OK and we left the food on the table and we left.This is the bad bad experience in whole life and I don't want to go to that subway again. I don't know about other workers but these 2 are so so bad and I dont know why subway hires such a bad guys.Plz guys give customers some respect and plz learn manners go to some school.And also when I asked for Avocado in my sub he said we will not serve Avocado after 9.30pm and when I speak to the store manager a day later they said they will serve till closing time. Is this the way they tell lies to customers by not providing the available item. Thanks,
