4	Alpine has been tuning my skis for years and I am always happy with the service I receive there. That being said, I did get lectured on my last visit for keeping my skis in my garage. I probably had it coming. Despite my "ski abuse," the fine people at Alpine Ski got my skis sharpened up and ready for a recent trip to Flagstaff. They were also very helpful in getting Erik all set up with his first set of rentals. All in all, it was pretty affordable and they have an efficient program in place. They sized him for skis on Thursday. On Friday, we picked them up. Everything was ready to go and it took 5 minutes. On Monday, the drop-off couldn't have been simpler. The staff is very knowledgeable and enthusiastic about skiing. Considering we're in Phoenix, they have a good selection and the prices aren't out of this world.
4	Had my skis waxed/sharpened twice over the past couple months. They did a great job both times. Also bought a new pair of gloves here. While I did find a pair I like, I wish they had a bigger selection of larger-size men's gloves. It took a few minutes to dig out a pair of XLs that I liked. Most of the gloves were in the S to M size range. Looked like they had a good selection of skis/boots/etc... Staff was very friendly and helpful.
4	Great folks, nice tune & wax.  Been coming here for a few years.
5	I get my skis worked on here regularly.  They do a great job and always friendly and helpful.   My buddy bought some boots and took them back a couple times for fitting adjustments (normal when you get good boots) and they worked with him until they were perfect.  Quality shop for sure.
5	I spoke with the owner Alan today who was able to share his personal experiences and relate those stories to what I am looking for in a ski.  There was no pressure to buy and I am excited to take out a pair of demo skis that are perfect to test out after our discussions.  I am very happy at this point, once I ride these I will be in a good position to make a decision on which skis I want to buy, I will be buying at Alpine.
4	These guys know their stuff. I stopped in to have some boot customization work done, and I was extremely relieved this crew was very knowledgeable and clearly knows their stuff. They're veteran ski racing tuners, so you can have full confidence your substantial gear investment is in good hands with Alpine. I've gotten really bad boot work done at some really famous slopeside shops, so I know good advice when I hear it -- and I appreciate it when the salesman convinces me NOT to spend more money than I need to. (Bonus points for spending so much time with my feet on a 90-degree day... patience of a saint.) Best of all, I was pretty surprised that my new boots required zero further adjustment after the initial fitting -- in comparison, my last ones required at least a dozen tweaks and still never felt right. So yeah, I'll go back.
