2	The food was decent and the ambiance was very nice, but several things happened that made this a 2 star experience.Preface:  I had purchased several gift certificates from restaurant.com which *in theory* is a great way to save money - spend $10 and get a $25 gift certificate.  It has a bunch of restaurants I like and ones that I wanted to try, including OT.  So I made a reservation for 7:00 on a Friday and went with my husband. I didn't even realize that I had made a reservation on a First Friday.  There was a loud party going on in the back and the entire staff seemed a bit flustered catering to them and the normal restaurant crowd.  You'd think they'd have their act together having to deal with First Friday on average of once per month.  Guess not. We arrived an hour early in hopes of sitting at the bar to get a feel for the place and take advantage of their happy hour.  This is where the bad experiences started.  I had two glasses of wine and my husband had two top shelf martinis.  When we got the bill, we noticed I had been charged $1 per glass over the price listed in the wine menu, and my husband had been charged full price for the martinis that were supposed to be on happy hour special ($9 each instead of $7).  Very disingenuous, and strike #1.  To the bartender's credit, rather than mess with the computer and get the charges correct, she simply took off one of the glasses of wine, which more than made up for the overcharge.  I wish this had been the only hiccup, but. . . Once we were seated at our table, I was overwhelmed by the scent of vanilla.  All of the candles they used on all of the tables were scented!  Anyone that has ever planned a reception with food knows (and every restauranteur should know) that this is a big no-no because the smell of the candles totally alters the taste of the food.  I blew out the candle on our table immediately, but this is strike #2. Since we had the gift certificate, we decided to go with a three course meal - soups, apps, entrees.   Amazingly, all of the food came out to the table at the same time.  We had a table full of food getting cold as we started on our soup.  Strike #3.  As for the food, the french onion soups we had were actually quite good.  The bacon wrapped prawns appetizer was ok, the dipping sauces were nothing special.  My lemon artichoke chicken was also good but my husband's grilled meatloaf, while he enjoyed it, tasted more like Italian sausage.  Unfortunately, when we got the bill, we again noticed that we had been overcharged on our glasses of wine (different wine than at the bar).  We didn't think much of it this time since we were using the gift certificate anyway.  But here's the icing on the cake - when you use the gift certificate, they add on gratuity based on the original amount of the bill.  Fine, no big deal.  The original bill was $61, so with the $25 certificate it *should* have come to $36 + gratuity.  When we got the revised bill the amount listed $44 and said "($8 included gratuity)".  A few days later, checking my bank statement, I saw OT was kind enough to charge us $52. . .they double charged the gratuity!  $16 tip on a $61 meal!  Effectively making the $25 certificate $17!  Strikes #4, 5, and 6.  Unacceptable. If you decide to frequent this establishment, I strongly urge you to double and triple check the charges on your bill and pay in cash so they don't have the opportunity to overcharge your card.
2	I dunno about the food here as I have not attended during normal business hours. Rather, I broke in and robbed the place as a thief in the night. You guys probably saw it on the news. Kidding...well, lying actually.Instead last year during a business trip to the valley my cousin managed to drag me to this place (he and his boys love this place) one saturday night. I flashed my Texas dl, slipped the doorlady her $20, and was mighty surprised to walk inside and hear the DJ playing some of the hottest R&B and Hip-Hop jams known to man.OT's on a saturday night is not swanky and posh as many of the spots in say Scottsdale are, so do not expect anything over the top. Rather expect a multicultural urban crowd of twentysomethings simply mingling and grooving to Musiq, Dwele, Kanye West, a good remix here and there, etc.Nothing incredible on paper, but the music was pretty damn good.
3	I went to OT's for lunch the other day and had a good experience.  Although I've lived and/or worked near the 24th and Camelback  area for several years now, this was my first time in.  I finally went because my dining companion suggested we meet there.  Service was attentive and it was the perfect place for a business lunch.  I had the Oriental Chicken Salad and they accommodated my request for holding the wontons and adding avocado.  I liked that it included mango and the miso dressing was delicious!  My friend had the french onion soup to start and the BBQ Pulled Pork Panino sandwich.  He seemed to enjoy it.  He picked up the bill (lucky me), but I think it was moderately priced - maybe even a bit expensive for what we received.  The portions were not huge and we were not offered a bread basket that I recall.Regardless, this was ideal for our lunch meeting...  we didn't have to wait and we could hear each other speaking.  They validate your parking in the garage so it's pretty convenient as well.  I'd like to go back on a Friday or Saturday night to experience their live entertainment and perhaps another selection from their dinner menu... but until then, 3 stars is the rating I give to OT's.  It was good - nothing more, nothing less!
4	The first time I went to OT's was a Friday night with a small group that frequented this place and thought I'd like it.  Parking is always a concern and I appreciated that there was ample space in a well-lit structure nearby.  There was no cover that night and we end up posted at the bar, since there weren't any tables left, while the jazz band was still playing.  The bartenders definitely took care of us that night and we made sure to tip well.  The music was good and we were all enjoying the vibe and the opportunity to celebrate the wknd!  After the band wrapped up, it got really crowded and a DJ started playing a lot of bangin' hip hop.  They even took it old school during last call with Blackstreet's "Before I let you go".  We had a great time dancing and met a lot of cool people.  Generally, the crowd is pretty laid back and chill.  I'd definitely make the long trek again.
2	Unfortunately this is the place I picked out for our Valentines Day dinner...I had to take ALL the blame....Getting ready was fun, I heard it was a little more upscale being located in the Biltmore area.  So we put on our new clothes, smellin good, lookin good and exchanged gifts...Now we were off to eat!I first made reservations for 8:30, however, they called me a couple of days prior to ask if I'd move to 8 (no biggie) because they were having an afterparty at 10 (lame).  When we arrived at 7:45 we still had to wait in the bar until 8:30 (lame again).  The place (at least bar area..never saw the actual restaurant) was very pretty and dimly lit.  I liked it alot.  We ordered one well vodka martini and and Knob Hill and coke that came to $18.00.  We finished our drinks and waited about another 10 minutes to be seated...Seated where??? Literally 3 feet behind where we we standing in the bar.  Yep! Our "table" was (and Im NOT joking) about 15 feet from the front door, 10 feet from the hostess stand, and IN the WAITING LOUNGE.  So like I said, we never saw the restaurant.  Since the door kept opening from customers coming in I was ABSOLUTELY freezing..So cold I had to wear my heavy peacoat during dinner (lame x3) and my husband was actually freezing cold too, which never happens.  So much for my new, sexy Valentines outfit...We ordered our meal but the waiter messed up and gave the table (who sat 15-20 minutes after us) our second course.  We had to wait 35 minutes between our salad and our appetizer; and of course our entree came within 30 seconds of our app....Anyway, long story not short,  the bill with tip came to $140 and obviously included a wasted and crappy time...The food wasn't too bad, but will NEVER go again and let people know it's NOT worth it!!!p.s. your catfish nuggets were cold too ;)
4	I really can't comment on the "value" because my company picked up the tab, but I can say that the service they gave us was great and the food was good. I had their 16 oz steak and their cheesecake/sweet potato crust (both delicious!). Would be open to come back again.
