4	I had Stirfried Egg Noodles with Chicken which was good, the chicken was well flavored, but the noodles and vegetables weren't as flavorful.  The Veggie Egg Rolls were really good! My sister had the Pho with Meatballs.  It was good, very authentic and had enough extra ingredients to put in(basil, sprouts, lime and pepper). Nice environment! Friendly Staff!
4	Pho Nam opened less than a week ago, but I'd say they're off to a phenomenal start! Puns aside, I'm a huge pho fan and have been a little disappointed with Madison's offerings in the Vietnamese arena. Enter Pho Nam's delicious, fragrant, and very comforting pho noodle soup ($6.75) that I had this afternoon--my new fave! The broth was complex, the noodles extra thin, and the beef came medium rare and very tender.The restaurant space, located in the same complex as Hu Hot Mongolian Grill, is bright and calming with many windows and high ceilings, allowing for a lot of natural light. This is key to me, and I find that Saigon Noodles and Ha Long Bay both fail in this ambiance department. If it's a lazy weekend afternoon, if I had one too many drinks the night before, I need a clean and welcoming space in which to recover with my restorative pho.The best part of our first visit? Free appetizers! During their first month of opening, Pho Nam is giving away one free appetizer with each order. So for the two of us dining, we received two appetizers! The fresh spring rolls ($3.25) are amazing, but I wouldn't recommend the "Bread Deep Fried Special" ($4.75). I don't know what we were thinking when we ordered it (should have just gone with the egg rolls!) but it was basically very greasy toast squares with a ground pork/pea pod/egg/onion topping. Next time, I think I'll try the green papaya salad instead. I also want to try their Wonton Soup ($4.75) and their Grilled Pork Vermicelli Noodle dish ($7.25).On our way out the door, the owner asked us how everything was and inquired if we had any advice, since they were just opening. I mentioned that we'd love to see some spicy chili sauce as a condiment on the tables. But I forgot to also request cream puffs on the dessert menu! Oh well, there's always next time.
4	This place was surprisingly busy on a Sunday night out in this suburban location...I think the number of visitors was unexpected, as our waiter wasn't a real waiter...he was a relative of the family just helping out in the rush. But, he was great! Talkative, and helpful, sharing the 'right' way to eat Pho (or maybe at least, his way to eat it). Nevertheless, about the food: We started with wontons. Filling was good, but you had to get through the overly-deep fried wontons to taste it. I will get the veggie egg rolls next time. I had Chicken Pho, excellent portion, good flavor, super-filling, and would definitely order again.Husband had a grilled chicken and rice dish that he ate every bit of, along with a considerable amount of the spicy red sauce on the table. Hands down the cheapest dinner I've had in a long time. Would have been $19 for 2 sodas, app, and 2 entrees if they charged us for the appetizer. But they didn't, so the bill was only $15 before tip! Amazing value.Promotion is a free appetizer, but unsure of how long it's running.
3	My wife and I have been waiting for this restaurant for a long time since we are huge fans of Viet. noodles. I read the reviews here before I went there myself and I should say reviews on Yelp gave me high expectations. First of all, pho was great. we both liked the broth very much. If you are a fan of Saigon noodles on Odana Rd., you would think the portion is smaller than ones at Saigon noodles. We ordered two appetizers(egg rolls and spring rolls). I give 3 stars for egg rolls and 4 for spring rolls.We ordered a combination fried rice for my son but it was not as good as ones at other Asian restaurants. My son is 4 years old and of course he likes fried rice everywhere but he kinda stopped eating at some point. You might like it if you are a big fan of curry flavor.  The reason why I am giving this restaurant 3 stars in rating is the service. I was very disappointed with the service that my waiter was giving us. I understand his language barrier made everything look worse than it really is but I still think the owner or manager should put someone who could at least communicate with their customers.It was worth trying and food was good enough. I will give another try soon and am hoping they will get better.
4	I grew up on Vietnamese noodle soups and also had the privilege of growing up near the Twin Cities where Vietnamese restaurants are plentiful. I've been generally disappointed with the Vietnamese food offerings here so was pleasantly surprised when I finished my entire bowl of pho tai with meatballs at Pho Nam and was satisfied. The meat and noodles were well done, and the broth was clean and tasted right. The appetizers were average (we tried the spring rolls and egg rolls). All-in-all, I was happy with the pho, and ultimately, that's all that matters. Whenever I have a hankering for it on those cold, winter days, I know where to go.The new restaurant is located in a new strip mall out near the suburbs. They do a good job with their space, keeping it clean, simple, and functional. The staff was friendly and really seemed to care about running a good restaurant.
4	Mmmmmm Excellent meal. I am no expert on vietnamese food, but this was mighty tasty. The atmosphere is not high end, but it doesn't need to be.Enjoy!
4	I went to Pho Nam for lunch while in the midst of trying to shake a nasty cold. The idea of a giant bowl of hot, spicy soup really appealed and they did not disappoint. As a vegetarian I was a little weary at first but was relieved to see that they had several veggie options on the menu. For starters I ordered the coconut juice. I was expecting to get a glass of ice and a can of coconut juice but was pleasantly surprised with an actual coconut with a straw sticking out of it. Next I had the Udon veggie soup. The vegetables tasted fresh (not frozen) and where slightly underdone, which is how I prefer them. The noodles and the broth were perfect.I can strongly recommend Pho Nam to anyone looking for something a little different on the westside.
4	Pho-nominal!!! (okay, I had to do it)The pho is so good! It's amazing how a few simple but good ingredients can make a great meal! I have stopped in twice, the first time having the sliced medium rare beef, and the second a mix of the beef and meatball. The broth is clear and delicious. This is just a fresh, tasty meal. I wasn't a big fan of the meatballs in the pho, though. They had a funny consistency, which I later realized reminded me of hot dogs. Not the greatest. They did add chili sauce at the table(which was a good accompaniment) as Yelper Stina had requested. The space is as good as a "strip mall" location could be. Less than cozy, but clean and bright.
3	We checked this place out due to the good reviews we read on Yelp.We were not disappointed.  Pho Nam was actually better than I expected.It is a really nice really clean place.We were greeted right away with a very friendly smile that made us feel like they were really glad to see us and we were there at an off time for a late lunch.  The restaurant is nicely decorated.  The menu is simple and straight forward which we love.  So easy to decide on what to get.  The waitress was helpful with our selections and the food arrived in perfect time.Everything was very fresh and had good flavor.  The Hoisin sauce is the best I have ever had.  It was so very good.The music was very nice and set at what we would call a perfect volume level so that we can hear the music and also our conversation and the interesting conversations nearby, hehe.  The bathrooms are spotless and decorated nicely.  They need a place to hang your coat in the bathroom.It was such a wonderful experience we went back for supper and had the Bun Thit Nuong, Cha Glo and the Mi Hay Hu Tiu Xao Do Bien.  (26b and 32)  Rice vermicelli with pork and shrimp and stir fried noodles with seafood.  The noodles with seafood was the best.I missed it the first time I went by.  It is on your right as you travel south on Junction.  Go past and pull around back into the private lot.Update.  I have to lower this rating a bit because I recently stopped by here and my dish was not made well.  I ordered the Grilled Pork and Grilled Shrimp Vermicelli Noodle just to try something different.   The vegetables have always been fresh here so all was good but my shrimp was way overcooked and dry and the pork as well was also overcooked.   Needless to say, I won't be ordering this again.   I will stick with the pho.   Darn, I really wanted this place to do well on all the food and this was a real let down.
3	Very "pho hum"--lovely decor, good service, fresh ingredients, but lacking in flavorfulness or spice.  Why not go to a better Vietnamese restaurant just down the road on Odana?  We were hoping this noodle house would offer good competition, since the Odana restaurant is often crowded--but we would rather wait in line, frankly.
4	loved.  great, fresh ingredients in the pho with enormous servings.  really friendly staff.  clean place.  decor is a little uncomfortable but not bad.  minus one star because our waiter was about 14 years old and while totally sweet, he was a little slow for a saturday afternoon where there were only two other tables with customers.  i felt like i was eating in someone's house but that might be because we were so close to the kitchen we could see the cans of mountain dew they opened and poured into glasses.  the sriracha on the table was dirty - i mean, small stuff.  the food was totally decent.  would go again.
4	We are huge fans of pho. I have been eating pho my entire life, so I was pretty excited to find out that a pho place opened so close by! The pho was tasty and the portion size was good for the price. The one downside to the pho is that the broth was too thin - it was more watery than it was broth. However, I will be back for the pho. The spring rolls were not freshly made, but there was a lot of shrimp included. That being said, we got our food quickly. The service was great. My boyfriend got the coconut drink and asked to have the coconut cut open once he was finished drinking so he could eat the meat, and they gladly did it. We will be back to try more things from the menu.
4	I stopped in around 5 on a Sunday and there was no one there at all, but I ordered the pho, and got my food in minutes. I am not very familiar with pho, but I thought it was delicious. I can only imagine how fantastic this place would be in the winter. Two thumbs up!
2	I'm a huge fan of Pho.  I had it every weekend growing up.  I grew up just outside "Eden Center" in Northern Virginia, which is the Vietnamese hub of the East Coast.  Oh, and I'm half-Vietnamese.  I think that gives me a lot of credit for this.My wife and I gave this place two tries.  We really wanted to try to like it, I swear.  I always want "my peeps" to do well.  The decoration is nice.  Service is passable.  But all the other food sans the pho is barely passable.  It clearly isn't authentic Vietnamese, but I also don't think they are trying to do "authentic."  They are making relatlvey bland Vietnamese food palatable to most, and I think they generally succeed, but this is NOT the place I would go if you wanted to show your friend "Vietnamese food."Their Pho is average.  If you're craving pho and this is the only place in town I would go here.  Otherwise I cannot recommend this place.The rest of their dishes, be it their Vermicelli or their Rice dishes, are less than adequate.Again, I want this place to succeed, but personally will not be coming back here.  Saigon noodle is by far your better bet, though unfortunately they are a victim of their own success and are getting quite busy!
5	I can't claim to "know Pho", but i love the food here...
4	Having just returned to Wisconsin after eight months in Hanoi, I was eager to try the local Madison Vietnamese Restaurant scene and was happy to find Pho Nam just around the corner.  I've now been their twice and have been very pleased.  Their pho is very good.  The chicken pho has a tasty broth and generous slices of white breast meat.  The "extras", herbs, limes and sprouts, are all fresh and very high quality.  Definite thumbs up on the pho.We also tried the springrolls and, while tasty enough, they weren't fresh (which is the antithesis of Vietnamese cooking).  They were good sized and full of good, quality ingredients, in spite of being "pre-made".I also tried the my xao which is essentially meat/vegetables served over egg noodles and it was very good, although Pho Nam fried the egg noodles (as opposed to serving them simply steamed as was the case in Hanoi; a regional variation maybe?).  I prefer the later, but wasn't disappointed.One of my favorite things about Vietnam was the iced coffee there, so I was very happy to see "ca phe sua da" on the menu at Pho Nam and it didn't disappoint.  Fresh, Veitnamese coffee served with sweetened condensed milk and served on ice is fantastic and Pho Nam does this very well.The service was fine if not somewhat inattentive.  The restaurant itself, in a strip mall, is clean and bright.  Prices are decent.  All in all, I'm happy with Pho Nam and will return again whenever I need a little taste of "Hanoi".
5	I'm definitely no expert on Vietnamese cuisine, but I like to consider myself an adventurous eater. I've had good experiences with the sort of "Asian fusion" noodle houses that you can find in most cities, and being new to Madison, I wanted to give this little Vietnamese place a try. Wow, we were not disappointed. Because it is one of the most traditional Vietnamese dishes, I wanted to try the pho. We could hardly believe our taste buds. The broth was rich and flavorful, and the accoutrements served along with the pho were fresh and tasty. The beef was thinly sliced and pink in the middle. What a treat. We've been back several times since - this is the sort of place that's good enough to cause random cravings. I've been other places to try pho since, and I haven't found anything to compare. Do check this place out!
4	Never had Vietnamese food before but the stir fry with rice noodles was really good.
4	Earlier this week, my acupuncurist recommended that I pick up the vegetarian udon noodle soup from Pho Nam to help in fighting a cold. I thought it was an odd prescription, but since I really wasn't up for cooking, I decided to give her suggestion a whirl. One whiff of that huge bowl of steaming soup convinced me that she was right. It is truly soul warming...Just what the doctor ordered, if you will.My first visit to Pho Nam was five days ago. I've now been a  total of 3 times. At the moment, I am hung up on (some might use the terminology "obsessed with") the soups, so I can't comment beyond that. But do I really need to?  I've had speedy and pleasant service with each visit. The atmosphere is cozy and clean, but light on customers. It's unsettling to me to see such a great place not have a busier dining room. In fact, that's precisely the reason I signed up to yelp today and wrote my first ever review about Pho Nam. Get over there and patron this fantastic little (locally owned) Madison gem!
3	Hit the place for lunch almost weekly. Pho Nam says it all.
5	It's the best Pho in Madison, hands down.  I don't really have anything else to say, I go here almost every weekend.  When compared to the big boy Pho joints in Chicago, Seattle, L.A., one will find some nuances missing, but this is Madison and I'm grateful as heck that we have a good Pho joint.
1	I'm from California and was in Madison for Business.  Went to this place on Sunday evening and boy the place was so dead.  We thought that with all these great reviews the place would be jam packed but that was not the case.  We decided to stay since we didn't want to drive out any further for a pho restaurant.My husband and I both order number 14 pho with everything.  The service was fast and when the waitress brought out the veggies out for the pho noodle; the beans sprout seems to be old that they just give it to us since they don't want to "waste" it.  This is one reasons why I gave it a low review and the broth was salty that I had to ask for more limes.  The after taste of the pho was not good as it left me so thirsty.  I will not be going back for any more pho in Madison as I don't think they compare to California pho imo.
4	This place is great! Attentive service, fast and cheap, and great food. I favor veggie dishes and suggest mixed vegetables with tofu, vegeterian summer rolls, and vegetable pho. Also works well as a to-go meal.
4	This place is comparable to pho in Chicago. Broth is rich, but a little salty. Their menu selections are legit, and portions generous. Their vietnamese coffee comes premade in a mug, rather than with the press on top, but it's still pretty good. I would come back if I were in the area.
4	PNNH makes the grade. I've been here twice and tried both of my standard dishes: Pho and Bun (Rice noodles) with roasted pork and veggies. The Pho hit the spot, better than the last "best" place. PNNH wins there. Beefy, good amounts of noodles. Excellent!The Bun bowl arrived and the noodles were warm! At first I was surprised. All Bun bowls I've ever had on the West Coast were cold. Kind of a rice noodle salad, etc. But these were warm and, after a few bites let's just say I warmed up to the idea.PNNH is a bit of a drive but it's my new spot when I know what I'm lookin' pho.
4	We frequent Pho Nam regularly and enjoy the consistent good service and food. Great for a no-fuss lunch or dinner of noodles or Vietnamese spring rolls; they also serve entrees and dessert as well, including che dau, flan, and a surprising variety of drink options (from fresh coconut to Vietnamese iced tea). Disappointed doesn't cover it when we decide to go and realize it's a Monday -- the one day of the week they're closed!
5	Tried the chicken pho as well as the vegetarian udon. Both were excellent. Will be coming back much more!
5	Yay! A new favorite! I can't comment on the authenticity because I've only had Pho one other time, but I was craving something Asian after eating Thanksgiving leftovers for three days and this hit the spot! My fiance had pho with beef and I had the asian noodles with wontons and pork. His had rice noodles and a beefier broth and mine had ramen like noodles and a chicken broth (I think).  They were very different but equally good! I can't wait to go back again!
3	Though not as well known (yet), I think Pho Nam is slowly stealing customers away from Saigon. They serve essentially the same dishes, but Pho Nam is ever so slightly cheaper. I have friends telling me the pho here is better than at Saigon, but unfortunately, I can't tell. Take it as it is. In addition, this place has a dessert menu!However, Pho Nam is a small and cramped restaurant. I foresee issues when their client-base grows. But for now, it's still doable if you go in groups. Another down side is that both Pho Nam and Saigon are closed on Mondays. Come on, Pho Nam! Switch up the off days and win some business!
4	Best pho broth in Madison. I said it. They also are the only place in Madisin to have culantro on the garnish plate. Thumbs up! I always get deluxe pho wherever I go; the kind with all the weird jiggly cow bits. Undercooked tendon (read: crunchy) turned me off a bit, but once I got all of it out, I was a very happy camper. We also ordered some pork spring roll-esque appetizers that didn't fare as well. The pork was almost desiccated, bordering on inedible. My two complaints certainly warrant another visit and an update. If it were closer to home, I'd definitely go back more often for that amazing broth.
5	YUM! I love their vegetable broth and garnishes and everything! Great service(FAST) and great food! What more is there to say?
4	I had a business meeting on the west side of Madison. There were several choices for lunch before my meeting, but once I saw a Vietnamese restaurant, the decision was made.I started out with the Vietnamese salad with green papaya, shrimp and pork. Textures were soft and crunchy. Flavors were sweet, salty and a little spicy. All around this was a great tasting salad.Next was the Deluxe Pho with sliced beef, meatballs, flank, tripe and tendon. If you're going to eat pho, this is how you do it. You get all of the meats, even the scary sounding ones.The broth was lighter in color than I expected, but I confirmed it was a beef broth. The flavor of the broth was good, but not the best I've had. I still had to add hoisin and chili sauce to match what I was looking for. The noodles were cooked perfectly! The standard fixings of lime wedges, basil, culantro, bean sprouts, and jalapenos arrived on a side plate.The bowl was very large and a great value at $8.95. I would recommend this restaurant to others. I'm not sure what the competition for Vietnamese is like in Madison, but I hope to find out on a future visit.
4	Actually more like 3.5 stars. Got the pho tai (flank steak). Broth was too salty and one-dimensional, and the meat slices were a little thicker than I would have liked, resulting in a chewy meat. Overall it was just ok.
4	After being a regular customer for the last year, I've finally gotten around to reviewing  Pho Nam. Small, family owned restaurant, they've always provided delicious Vietnamese food and great service. We frequent this restaurant for Sunday lunch, particularly in the winters and our orders usually consist of pho with rare beef and vermicelli with pork.
5	Stopped in for a quick lunch on a snowy day of running errands. I ordered the pho with beef off of the lunch special menu (though to be honest I did not see a major price differential between the lunch special menu and the regular menu), and it was brought out to me in under 5 minutes! Maybe the items on the lunch menu are ones that are ready-to-go? This quickness might be worrying in some cases, but my noodle soup was perfect! The noodles were at just the right done-ness: soft, yet with a slight chew factor. The beef was really flavorful and savory, and the broth, with onions, scallions, and a squeeze from a lime wedge, had just the right balance and salty and sour/sweetness. YUM. I got a Pepsi, tipped 20%, and it came out to just under $12, which felt just right for such a satisfying meal.
2	My wife and I were in the mood for some pho so we decided to try this place out. We came on a Sunday afternoon and the place was dead.The food came pretty quickly. The broth was salty and it wasn't piping hot like it should be. Overall I wasn't too impressed. There are certainly better pho places in Madison.
3	Went on July 4. Pho was okay. Service was below average.
5	Went there with my entourage of gung-ho Asian food enthusiasts. I'm just dragged along because I really don't gravitate towards Asian food. I was pleasantly surprised at how tasty my dish was. I had the basic soup with steak and meatballs in it, and it was well, Pho-Nomenal. Also surprisingly good value (3 people, $32). Service was quick, efficient, and friendly (we were also the only ones there, however). Would definitely go back with my Asian-food eating friends. My only suggestion to them is to work on the decor. This could be any American Restaurant. I'd love to get a stronger feeling of authenticity.
3	Absolutely dead on tues evening at 7pm. Lightning fast service. The pho is dece but it did not blow my mind. I've had lots of pho and this is average.
5	This is my first experience with pho but it was delicious.  I got vegetarian pho with vegetable spring rolls. The pho was so comforting on a super chilly winter day. I will try the udon vegetable noodles next time to try. Service was crazy fast and pleasant.  Give Pho Nam a try!
4	Pho Nam must be short for pho-nam-men-nal! Oh no she didn't! Oh yes I did!  I was here for lunch today and it was so good!  Though my visit was around lunch time this place was pretty empty which I would generally take as a bad sign but the glowing reviews this place has let me know that I should not judge a book by its cover. The restaurant is large, clean, and bright; it's sometimes hard to get all three of these things with a restaurant.  The hostess was pleasant as well.  She was very attentive and sweet.  I ordered the combination fried rice and my guest the spring roll and a noodle dish.  We both really enjoyed our dishes. I asked for my rice to have an extra bit of kick to it and I was not dissapointed. The portions at this place are also really large.  I pretty much stuffed my face and looked down and realized that I had barely made a dent in my lunch.  You know what I call that?  Lunch for tomorrow! Hey!Yes, I love this place and I will certainly be back!
4	We started coming here years ago when they first opened, and we are regulars. The food is consistently yummy. This past summer, I found out that the family who owns it is related to one of my college buddies! I was happy to report to her that we eat here all the time. :)We aren't pho fans in general, so we tend to stick to the other style Asian soups, stir fries and Bun (rice noodles). We've never been disappointed. Both the egg rolls and spring rolls are delish as well. And try to save room for the Vietnamese flan! The hubby's fav meal is the wonton soup with ramen noodles - also has char sui (Chinese BBQ pork) in it. I've tend toward either the seafood soup or the veggie soup - I always ask them to substitute the egg noodles for the rice noodles, and to bring me the platter of pho accompanied yummies (bean sprouts, jalapenos, culantro, Thai basil, limes), They always accommodate my needy requests, and no extra charge. Food arrives incredibly fast, and the staff is really nice - especially the owner (disclaimer: we had this opinion before we found out he is my friend's uncle!). Love the fresh lime in the glasses of water, and the hot tea is really good as well.Really nice that they have a vegetarian section of the menu, which makes it easy to order (and there are tons of options in this section!). Also great that they list the ingredients on the hoisin, Sriacha and chili sauces that are at the table.We never leave hungry, that's for sure! Have your couch ready for you when you get home.
1	The one time I ate here it was absolutely disgusting. They used a microwave to cook our appetizer which was rubbery. The actual meal was flavorless. I had an upset stomach for the rest of the night. If your at this place just walk next store to Brew Brothers or the Mongolian grill. You won't regret it.
5	Best PHO!!!  Took my mom and sister here when they were visiting Madison and they loved it!  My mom had never had Pho before and it was a great experience for her.  The place was very clean, and the service was great.  The best part is the big selection!  The cold coffee was great.  I will be back soon!!Since our visit, we have tried PHO restaurants in Green Bay and Appleton and neither place could compare to Pho Nam Noodle House in Madison!  Pho Nam ROCKS!!
5	This place is pho-nam-inal! My grandmother grew up on Vietnam and makes us pho sometimes. The pho here rivals hers. The prices here are exceptional especially considering the amazing quality of the food. The service is quick and friendly and the atmosphere is calm and relaxing. A perfect place for a date or just an excellent meal. We will most certainly be coming back for more of their traditional Vietnamese and excellent service. Thank you for a wonderful experience.
3	Pretty good vermicelli bowls (bun) and fresh spring rolls. Peanut dipping sauce for the spring rolls was excellent. Main reason for the 3 star review is the prices. Pretty high at $8-10 for a bowl of pho or bun, and spring rolls are. $3.75 for 2. Friendly staff though-- just not a good value.
4	My office is close to Pho Nam so I end up eating here about once or twice a month. I really enjoy the noodle dishes; both the bun and the vegetarian rice noodle dish are excellent. I really like that the vegetables always taste fresh, not like some restaurants that use freezer burned, soggy vegetables.They offer a good variety of sauces to fine tune the taste of your dish.The egg rolls are a decadent treat. Some may find them a bit oily, but I enjoy the right out of the fryer taste and aroma. The skin is perfectly crisp.The service is always very friendly. I'm not sure if it's a family that runs the place, but you get to know the servers and they get to remember you and what you like.Would recommend if you're on the west side and want something delicious and filling to warm your belly.
4	Great place for quick pho take out!  I love the fresh spring rolls and the Thai Iced Tea!
5	Like this better than Saigon, although this one is a little bit far away from where I live and work, its quiet environment and light traditional music can be an attraction. The price is a bit lower than similar restaurants, maybe it's because its location, while the taste is always as good. I recommend spicy beef noodle soup and noodle soup with beef tender loin. Soup is always good, and the service is good.
2	Went to Pho Nam Noodle House with The Wife for Mother-To-Be's Day. The service was good and the food came out REALLY quickly, but, unfortunately, the food was severely lacking in flavor.The Vietnamese Spring Rolls (#2) were good, but the sauce's flavor was really weak and what little flavor the sauce did have was overpowered by the spring rolls themselves. If you know me, you know that this is a problem since I LOVE sauce.The Wife had the Pho with Beef (well-done flank) (#9), which she enjoyed; however, I tried it and was not impressed. The beef was flavorless, so the only flavor in the dish came from the lemongrass broth, which I found boring and "flat."I ordered the Beef Vermicelli Noodles (#25) which comes with stir fried lemon grass beef topped with peanuts and vegetables. When the dish was placed on the table, I was disappointed to discover that there was almost no beef in it. Seriously, there were maybe eight SMALL strips of beef and that was it. Needless to say, I didn't find the meal satisfying ... My dish also came with a small bowl of sauce on the side, which was lucky because the dish itself had literally NO sauce on it. NONE. After dumping the entire bowl of sauce onto my meal, I was again disappointed to discover that it was totally flavorless. Even The Wife, who enjoys low-flavor foods, was surprised at how absolutely flavorless my meal was. I ended up having to douse the entire dish in hoisin sauce, which the restaurant luckily has on the table, to enjoy it.I will not return to Pho Nam Noodle House.
4	Fast and courteous service, and cheap food? Pho Nam-enal! I don't know why no one used that first. Small restaurant but it provides plenty of room for people to sit comfortably. When we entered, the place was empty, but it was 4 in the afternoon on a Friday. The hostess showed us a nice seat and gave us time during which we ordered pho. She literally walked into the back towards the kitchen and came back with two bowls of pho. It was really damn fast. The pho was very hearty plain and came with culantro, which isn't as common as you'd think. The waitress met all our accommodations which included more water and chili garlic oil, but unfortunately, they didn't have peanut butter for us. The portion size was the only problem we seemed to have with the food there. For our American sized appetites, our noodles were probably half the amount we were used to. I think for the amount we paid, we would expect as much food as Ha Long Bay gives out. I might be back cause the pho was worth the drive to the west side, but I'll be ordering extra noodles.
3	Service was fast & food arrived quickly. Appetizer #1 egg rolls- they are quite good but dripping in oil. This could be improved without so much oil on them making them soft rather than crunchy.Main dish #8 Pho. It's not bad- little to salty for me. The pho should be able to hold it's own but it falls rather flat. Not sure I will come again- might stick with Saigon Noodle who does have the best pho in town.
5	Came here to eat with my SO on a rainy afternoon after waiting at Saigon for almost half an hour with other people in front of us. That place also has good pho but can get really packed! When we walked in, there were about 7 customers including us. Service was prompt, courteous, and quick. Their pho was awesome and the spicy wings we ordered were nothing short of excellent. I honestly think it's one of the best wings I've had. It wasn't breaded or overly flavored or anything like that... just deep fried and tossed in spicy sauce. Overall, a great experience and will definitely be a repeat customer.
5	As Pho goes, this place is the real deal.  From broth being made from marrow to the sauces that accompany each dish, this place has Lao written all over it. A hidden gem west of town, do not be dissuaded by its appearance from affar.  Spring rolls with tasty chunky peanut sauce & traditional Pho will more than satisfy your craving.
4	This is my second time here, and the Pho is good, and it was under $20 for two of us to have huge bowls of pho.  It was really clean, well lit, and the service was very quick.  In and out within 35 minutes.
4	Great food, rich and filling. The pho was savory, flavorful and delicious, the vermicelli was salty and sweet and absolutely wonderful.Pho Nam had excellent service and very friendly staff as well and for the price, it can't be beat if you've got a craving for Vietnamese noodles.
1	I have tried them twice, and both were not pleasant. First time I ordered their grilled chicken rice. The dish was flavorless. Had to put a lot of sriracha and soy sauce into the dish. Second time I ordered their deluxe Pho. The meat was not fresh, beef tendon and stripe tasted really weird. The soup and other things were ok.Service was good. Will not repeat due to low food quality.
5	I ordered luxury pho and friend egg roll. Both of them are really good. Next time I will try their fried tofu. My friends told me the fried tofu is good too
5	This place was amazing. Quick coming out with food and cheap too. Got the spring rolls and the egg noodle soup with roast pork and dumplings. Pork was lean and delicious. Would recommend to anyone, looking to go back tomorrow!
3	We literally woke up one morning over a weekend, read a review on Yelp under the recent activity page, and decided to give it a shot. For people who know me, visiting Saigon every weekend for the spicy beef weekend special is a must, but the bf and I decided we wouldn't be able to stop thinking about Pho Nam until we give it a shot, mainly to see how it compares with Saigon, and then decide which would be our go-to. So the usual weekend shopping gang ended up at Pho Nam around 1 pm, still considered lunch time especially for the weekend. But it was sparsely occupied. We were seated immediately. I ordered the spicy pho (#7) and the others at my table had the deluxe pho (#14). The deluxe pho was priced comparably with the large version at Saigon, but there was very little meat here in comparison (Jason I have to agree with you on the meat part). Overall the serving portion here is small. The broth is light but flavorful, so for the flavor-hearted, there are hot sauce and hoisin sauce to help with the taste. The spicy version is also pretty distinct. Pho Nam only offered the boneless version, slicing up the beef into pieces for you. It is slightly more expensive than Saigon, but it offers more meat compared to their deluxe pho that my friends had. It was a mix of beef and flank, I very much preferred the flank. Again it looks more spicy than it actually is. Being significantly less busy I thought service would be better. It's true that they take your orders fast and the food comes quickly and you get your check promptly. But they did not offer to refill our waters once even though someone's cup was empty, which was a little strange.Personally I prefer Saigon's flavor. And the fact that you get more food and meat per serving helps seal the deal. I have no problem walking to the counter after my meal and settling the bill there directly. I'm glad we checked out Pho Nam. That puts our hearts at ease =)
4	I live less than a ten minute walk from this place, so I thought I'd check it out. The spring rolls (fresh, not fried) was pretty freaking amazing; the sauce was peanuty, sweet, and savory (and pretty perfect after I added some siraicha). I could eat those spring rolls every day (and I plan to).I love pho, but the broth is a tad lacking; however, it's savory and salty after you add some hoison and siraicha. I had to add almost two handfuls of cilantro, all the basil, and a whole lot of sauce and additives before I got the broth to be absolutely delicious (but by that time, the noodles had been sitting in there for quite a while). But I enjoyed the pho and the experience nonetheless.The menu is large. You can bet you won't experience a meal twice for a while (unless you plan to). Oh, and the alcohol menu is very, very small: 4 beers and one selection of wine, so don't come here to drink.Service is so fast; you can expect your appetizer within five minutes and your pho in seven. They refill your water pretty frequently, but this is from experiencing the restaurant when it was completely empty.Take-out / Carry-out service is spot on. They include hot broth, sauces, bean sprouts, cilantro, the whole shebang in your bag. They also include another larger empty container if you don't have a bowl that can hold the dish.Overall, I like this place. Planning on coming back and experiencing more dishes soon.
4	We were driving through Madison on our way home to Minnesota after Thanksgiving in Illinois and attempted to stop for a light lunch at Salad Creations next door. Lucky for us, they were closed for the Thanksgiving holiday weekend and we got to to try Pho Nam instead. We ordered the Vietnamese Spring Rolls, Pho with beef meatballs, Egg Noodle & Wonton Soup with BBQ beef and the Hot & Spicy noodle soup.  Service was fast and friendly and the soups were flavorful and delicious. The spring rolls were pretty typical but delicious as well. Obviously freshly prepared and authentic foods. Our 9 year old loved the Pho, especially the generous plate of bean sprouts that came with it. We will definitely make a detour to stop here again.
