4	Nana's carries a lot of tobacco related items, but I go there purely for their hookah and shisha selection.  They carry large boxes of Coconara charcoals (coconut coals for hookah...  if you haven't tried these you really need to), plus various flavors by Fantasia, Fusion, Al Fakher, Potion, Hookah Hookah, Hookah Freak, and now Deja Vu.  I have also seen Khalil Mamoon and Magdy Zidan Egyptian hookahs, plus MYA hookahs.  They charge you a little extra for using debit so try to bring cash.  Nana's probably has the best selection out of all the north valley stores that I have been to thus far.
1	If you need some brass knuckles, a switchblade, or you are under age and need some tobacco or sheesh, hit this place up.
2	This is one of those places I stop at for convenience. It has a dive bar feel, but on the low end side. It's small and packed from floor to ceiling with all the usual smoke shop stuff and paraphernalia. Prices are on par with what you would find anywhere else. Staff is helpful and quick to get people in and out.
4	They have a ton of tobacco related products. Water pipes, vaporizers hookahs, sheesh, papers, etc. the prices are always really good and they aren't against a little bartering to make a sale. It's not the prettiest place in the world since it has a dive bar feel. If your looking for a no frills local family run shop this place I'll fit your needs perfectly!
5	I absolutely Love Nana's... I've been in Phoenix for 2 yrs now and went to 4 or 5 smoke shops regularly in the beginning... Never cared which one. Just got what I needed and went about my business... Then,,, a friend took me to Nana's.... The place wrapped it's arms around me and "Come on in"... Love it.. Lots of stuff piled high... Tobacco, tubes, knives, lighters, hooka's, jewelry, pipes, bags, papers, butane, torches, hats, sunglasses, cigarette cases and a whole bunch more that I'm sure I haven't even seen yet... The place is Small,,, but they have it done very well... Sure it's cluttered and packed to the ceiling... But I like it like that.... The owners a a busy crew and very friendly in there own little way... YES,,, they .35 to use a debit card... But,,,, they also discount things on the spot for you... Willingly,,, with NO problems... They are A#1 in my book!!!!
