4	Located inside the newly remodeled Gold Spike and home of the world famous $5.99 12 oz. prime rib dinner. Yeah, well I didn't have that. Went for breakfast, the special was 2 eggs, hash browns, ham, and toast for $3.99. Yikes! Wasn't expecting too much. Let's start with our waitress Maria, cute, very friendly in a genuine sort of way, and attentive. Order taken, food arrives, and was actually quite good. Two eggs cooked to order for both parties, BIG slice of grilled ham (not super thick, and I'm not complaining, it was plenty), hash browns cooked with a crispy exterior and soft moist interior, whole wheat toast arrived buttered and warm-6 slices for two people. The interior design is a hip mix of mid mod influence, with a little tan stone wall for you tan loving Summerlin folks. Surprisingly nice, suprisingly clean! Overall, for the price this was a very pleasant surprise-4 stars based on quality for the price. O.K. so, someone review the $5.99 prime rib already.
4	The Golden Grill is the 24 hour cafe in the Gold Spike Hotel and they are really known for one thing only - their $5.99 12 oz. Prime Rib dinner.Yes, this $6 dinner is available daily from 4 pm to 11 pm!  It also comes with a baked potato and veggies (in our case, corn).  Sure, it's not the fancy kind of prime rib you find at Lawry's Prime Rib, but it's also less than six bucks!  And as far as I'm concerned, that's a pretty sweet deal!Walking into this brightly lit but small cafe, you really don't need to even look at the menu since this special isn't even on there.  Most of the waiters know what you're there for anyway, so they are used to the majority of their dinner guests coming for prime rib only.  For late night eats, they also offer a $4.99 7 oz. Top Sirloin and Eggs which is available daily from 11 pm to 6 am.
4	This might be one of the last great coffee shops in downtown. Many of the former greats are now either closed or have changed for the worse. This place still offers good food at great prices. Also they are pretty cool about take out. I ate here a lot when we stayed at Gold Spike and I've since come back for the specials. The prime rib is special is OK. It is just good enough that you won't complain given the price. They also have other specials that, even though they cost a bit more than the prime rib, I felt were much better. I've had the steak and eggs many times.The dining room is small, but clean. The servers are pretty cool and they work their butts off. I tipped them a little extra since they were working so hard all around me I saw people tipping lousy (lady next to me tipped 50 cents for her comped meal).
4	We came here after a fun night downtown with friends. We wandered in and decided we wanted to get our hands on the the infamous $5.99 Prime Rib dinner.The cafe is pretty clean and modern. Much nicer than I would expect from this place. We sat down and were immediately greeted by our server for our drink order. Service was fast and friendly and I was very impressed by the place at first glance. We were about to order the Prime Rib dinner but then the Steak and eggs caught all of our eyes and we decided to go with that instead. It was about 10:40pm, this matters because the Steak and Eggs aren't available until 11. Our server told us he'd take care of us and not make us wait until 11, awesome.The food was pretty good and it was cooked exactly to order. Our server was attentive with refills and getting us everything we needed to enjoy our meals. A meal for four for under $25, can't beat that. Definitely a better than expected experience here! I'll be back for sure!
2	So got up to have breakfast and ordered steak and eggs with a side of biscuits and gravy and coffee. I ordered the steak well done and the eggs scrambled with green onions. So they didn't have green onions and I let that slide but I ordered the steak well done and the brought it to me medium rare. So I told the waitress whom was really nice and attentive to the problem. She took the plate back to the cook and let he/she know what the problem was. The waitress brought the same plate back to me minus the piece of steak that I had cut to eat and said the rest of the steak was cooked well done. I gave the waitress the blank look and she took the plate back for them to remake the steak, eggs and hashbrowns. I sat there for the longest time eating my biscuits and gravy while waiting on my steak plate, finished the biscuits and gravy and was still waiting on my steak plate. So I finally get my plate and the steak is now dry and halway burnt. NOT A HAPPY CUSTOMER!  So eneded up not having to pay for my meal but I did tip the waitress generously because she did her best to take care of me. Wouldn't eat there again. (2/20/2011)
4	If you're looking for cheap Prime Rib, this is the place for you. $5.99 gets you the prime rib, veggies and baked potato. Not bad for the price. Nice clean cafe and waiters are very attentive.
1	Absolutely horrible.The 1 star is  for the service and the baked potato. THE ORDER:$1.99 Shrimp Cocktail....it was what is was. But, it WASN'T BAD!  (tip: ask for atomic horseradish! sinfully strong!).Prime Rib Special. Fucking WHACK! ummmm, I've had the mess that they call "Prime Rib" at Dan Marino's for $9.99, SO, basically, I know shitty meat, and what to expect. This was the WORST thing i've ever, EVER eaten in my life. I could not  #1)  cut my prime rib with the steak knife, #2) CHEW my prime rib , or #3) understand my prime rib! What the fuck IS this!?!Doesn't the word "prime' indicate a level of standard...like being consumable?I honestly laughed at first, then wondered WTF these yelpers are giving these morons 4 stars for?I would not feed this meat to my dog! IAnd my dog loves jizz!I did not even know that meat this horrible was available for human consumption!!!!THIS WAS THE WORST MEAT I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!!!!!!!'Look, I'm not a hater, I'm just bringing the facts. Why 1 star??The service was great and the $2 shrimp cocktail was aiight...I DO NOT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE, EVER. xo-andrea
2	This place is open 24 hours. They have a steak and eggs special for $5.99. My friend was craving this special and this was only of the only places that was open that served this. The steak and eggs were not so great....but what really bothered us was the fact that the waitress sat us down and forgot to take our order. She assumed that the other waitress was going to take our order. Despite the fact that she apologized to us, it was still a debacle since our food wasn't even good. I guess you get what you pay for. They did have this tabasco A1 sauce that was interesting though.
3	$3.95 for Eggs, Bacon, Toast and Hash Browns. This was the perfect stop in between all the shenanigans of downtown. After visiting 3 bars, my buddy and I decided we were famished. This place came recommended from a bartender at the Griffin for a cheap, greasy food option.Located in the Gold Spike Casino which is walkable from Fremont on Ogden. The decor was kind of odd. White floors, white tables, white plastic chairs. The meal itself was pretty decent but it is hard to screw up eggs, bacon toast and hash browns. The hash browns were crispy, the toast not burnt, the bacon not soggy and the eggs a perfect over medium. The waitress was nice but was a little slow due to her being the only one with multiple large groups of people. Do not expect a high quality meal from this little coffee shop but do expect a solid meal to soak up the alcohol from a night downtown.
3	It's an ok place to stop when you're drunk. They've got a really cheap special, the prime rib, but I didn't know about it till my food was already ordered. Ended up with eggs and ham, which was ok, nothing amazing, but ok. My boyfriend thought the same of his dish. Service, however, was polite and swift. And they don't seem to mind if you bring your drink with you. :POh, and the restaurants was VERY clean.
5	Great service!!! Look for miss kitty she is a good server!!!
5	Super friendly service and you can't beat $6.99 Prime Rib Dinner - available starting at 4:30 PM.  It's not Lawry's quality but it's damn tasty, especially for the price.  Located inside the Gold Spike Casino - they have 2 parking lots on both sides of the Casino.  Not worth gambling here (payout for slots aren't through the machine you have to waive over an old dude to get your money) but you can park, eat and then walk couple streets over to Fremont Street for some Old Town fun.I have no clue how good the casino hotel is at Gold Spike but residents get free breakfast everyday at the cafe (pre-designated breakfast meal per day) - they have a table ad with the info inside the cafe.
2	Golden Grill will do the job.  Fill your stomach on the cheap any time of night.  Pay no attention to the psycho at the next table.  Located inside the Gold Spike casino, one block from Fremont, you can come here after your done partying at the local bars.  I live across the street so I've been here many times, its one of the only 24 hrs food spots around downtown.GOOD FOOD:  I guess it can be compared to a Denny's.  Everything I've tried, from the steak and eggs to the potato soup, has been pretty decent.  Nothing is great or exciting, but everything is pretty good or at worst acceptable.  My fav is probably the sirloin with 2 eggs over easy, some well done hash browns, and toast for $5.99.BAD FOOD:  The only items I think are not good are 1) The pies.  I've tried a few and they're either old, still frozen, or just plain bland.  And 2) The drinks.  The water tastes funny.  And it shows through in the ice tea as well.  I'd stick with soda or milk.SERVICE:  It really depends on who's working.  Also there is a sign that says "Please wait to be seated".  I've finally started ignoring this sign because they always seem to ignore me.  So now i just walk in and sit, and I don't stand there for ten minutes while there's only one table seated.  You will actually get service quicker that way.  Food usually comes out pretty quick though.THE X-FACTOR:  There is a 90% chance that you will be provided with an original experience due to a character dining nearby.  Literally the first three times in a row I ate here there was a different crazy person who made a huge scene.  From nut-jobs who talk to themselves to freaks who curse loudly at the staff, the Spike attracts only the classiest patrons!  Don't worry, there is security on property.***  I had to downgrade Golden Grill from 3 to 2 stars because while the location and hours are great, I'm realizing that most of the food is just terrible.  The only palatable thing to eat is the steak and eggs, everything else i've been trying is bretty bland - like cafeteria bland.  Even the burger and fries was pretty tough to get down.  You know it's bad when I'm not finishing burgers or fries.  I just can't stomach the idea of going here ever again if I want to enjoy the taste of my food in the slightest bit.
3	Saw this big sign saying, "Home of our famous Prime Rib $6.99," so I figured why not.  $6.99 are you out of your mind!The place wasn't busy today considering  it is a weekday. The place looked pretty cute and trendy.The food came out pretty fast.  The meal also came with a small baked potato with sour cream, butter and horse radish on the side and corn.  The Prime Rib was okay. It's like outback steak house quality but WAY cheaper and it was a bit chewy.  But for $6.99 you get what you paid for.
4	Go there, go there, GO THERE! Delicious steak and shrimp, great decor and clean, clean, clean.  Even the casino part smelled fantastic and everyone was super friendly.  Really weird since it was right off of filthy Fremont st.  From the outside it looks crappy but take my advice, if you want to be treated nice without the fear of getting some bacterial infection, go to this place.
2	I ate there twice during a recent vacation. I'm not going back.First time I went I had the $5.99 steak and eggs. Not bad for the price, but the steak wasn't one I really wanted to eat again. A couple of nights later I had the prime rib dinner, and added a simplistic salad for $1.29. The prime rib was OK, but you can get better downtown. The horseradish they gave me had too much kick. I think I was offered mild and spicy, or something like that. I didn't know there were different degrees of horseradish. I don't know if I got the "mild," but that's what I asked for. Too much kick! As for the meat... OK, but you're better off dining at the California if you want a good, cheap prime rib dinner. Much better for about the same money when you add in the cost of a salad to your dinner at Golden Grill.Late night service for steak/eggs was good. Young dude was on his game, and got a nice tip. The prime rib dinner service was weak. The woman was too busy bitching to her co-workers about some other co-worker. Fill my water glass when it sits there empty at the edge of the counter. Don't make me ask you to do your job. Your tip reflected the weak service. Better options for cheap meals elsewhere, although I'm not  under the impression you  ever have to wait to get a table at the Golden Grill. That's the only positive thing I can say about it. I had never been inside the Gold Spike before my last Vegas trip. I was quite surprised to see blackjack tables, as I didn't sense many people ever gamble there. I'm sure it gets action on weekends, but you have to wonder how that casino makes any money. I can't imagine the sexy dealers working weeknights are making much in tips.
1	I was attempting to eat at the counter, but couldn't get my order in due to the angriest, bitchiest, waste of a human being (at least in this place). It was a blonde tatted up waitress (only job she could probably get that wasn't a stripper the way she looked) and she must have been having a bad life trying to support her miserable existence in this new dump of a restaurant.  She has the personality of brick, was unresponsive to my questions and then gave me the ice bitch stare when i changed my mind about ordering takeout due to the $1 takeout charge (oh im sorry im getting it to go, but please charge me an extra buck for putting your crap into a cheap ass plastic container). As the two meth addicts chomped on their food a few stools down, i had enough of the blonde dimwit and gave her a few choice words before probably saving myself from more food poisoning.  Note to blondie; maybe you should have had a better plan in mind before coloring up your entire body in ugly tats. I will check back in 5 years since i know you will still be there slinging cheap hash to all the losers who eat at your dive.
2	To be honest I like that they take phone orders for pick up and if it's late and you're staying here hey go for it it's better than a microwave meal but Denny's is better and I'm not a huge Denny's fan either. I had chicken parm that tasted ok nachos that were similar to taco bell like I said nothing special but cheap and edible
3	I haven't been to this restaurant before it was renovated, but I stumbled into here one really late night when I was super hungry after a night out downtown. We had a room here and it's a tiny casino so this is I assume to be the only option for food. I ordered the steak and eggs with hash browns and toast with my boyfriend and it was pretty delicious! We were the only ones in the restaurant and the chef came out to ask us how exactly we wanted our steak cooked so it felt like we had one on one personal service. The best part of the meal was the price. It was $6.48 total. Can't beat that. I kind of wish I could try their prime rib dinner that's advertised everywhere in the restaurant and casino, but it's only available at certain times. After we woke up from staying in the hotel we went back for the free breakfast deal that came with the room. I got the biscuits and gravy and bacon. Once again. Fantastic price!! $3.99 for the biscuits and $1.99 to add bacon. The only downside was after we were seated the server who apparently was supposed to serve us brought us our waters and menus, but did not bother to come back and take our order. It took another waiter's attention after what seemed like an eternity (I was really hungry) to come and ask us if we had been helped yet. Best place to stop by though for a good meal at a steal of a price.
5	Food was delicious and place was awesome, big shout out to Ben Ortiz our server excellent service, friendly staff the prices and deals amazing.  A must go and try place ask for Ben he will take great care of you.  :-)
1	Worst food horrible service we walk in and the host sat us down while she's  chewing on food ok what ever then I ordered the thing everyone was raving about the prime rib, my partner orders a burger so the prime rib was full of nerve ewww! And my partner found the plastic wrap for bread in his burger!!! Nasty we told the server and she did not apologize she takes it back and removes it and brings it back mad at us excuse me! First off tell you're kitchen to not put objects (unsanitary)Worst food horrible service we walk in and the host sat us down while she's  chewing on food ok what ever then I ordered the thing everyone was raving about the prime rib, my partner orders a burger so the prime rib was full of nerve ewww! And my partner found the plastic wrap for bread in his burger!!! Nasty we told the server and she did not apologize she takes it back and removes it and brings it back mad at us excuse me! First off tell you're kitchen to not put objects (unsanitary)
5	I am a huge fan of the golden grill being a downtown local. For an exceptional value you get great food and have the chioce for healthier options. The kindness of the servers is the best of your experience.
3	Yep, in my opinion this place is A-ok. I've only been here once (so far) for a sponsored event. But I was very impressed. From the outside it just appears to be another, out dated old Vegas landmark. But inside  the place is very Hip and Posh! Great atmosphere to just chill and hangout with friends or maybe even meet some new ones. Lots of different games from pool tables, darts and X-Large bean bag toss. To board games and lots of others. They also have a nice patio out back that's very chill and probably allows smoking (I don't smoke). It wouldn't surprise me if they have free internet as well, but I didn't bring my laptop. I'll be back for sure
5	Great upscale lounge Downtown that boasts a modern decor and feel. Located in walking distance from El Cortez parking garage in the heart of Downtown. We were pleasantly surprised by this venue that marked the start of our Project Dinner Table experience with a cocktail hour hosted here. We enjoyed handcrafted signature drinks and exquisite appetizers while mingling with other fellow foodies and playing corn hole along with other games like shuffle board, large Connect Four, extra large Jenga etc. Ample seating is everywhere that also features a large bed for lounging or taking silly pictures and cushy love sacs in the middle of the room. This place is like the dream adult version of your favorite after school hangout if you were a kid in the 80's. We would have never known of this ultra cool hangout if it weren't for Project Dinner Table. Downtown is all a buzz right now and this gem is a place you must try out when in the area.
5	This place is pretty awesome. They've converted the old casino into a bar/gameroom/lounge where you can come hang with your buds, grab some drinks and play various games. Inside, they have comfy couches, beds and bean bag chairs you can sit/lay on, as well as tables and stools in the bar area. Drinks here are pretty cheap (most shots and beers were 5 bucks) and the bartenders are quick. There's also a restaurant in the back, although we didn't try it. Although we didn't play any games, they have darts, foosball, bags/cornhole, and pool inside that you can play. The DJ played mostly hip hop and top 40 type music.There is also an outdoor patio area that includes a stage where a live band was playing, a small bar area, and some comfy armchairs. The band was pretty good and the sound was excellent for a small set up. They also had a basketball version of beer pong (at least that's what I would compare it to) and giant jenga for you to play outside. Again, we didn't try playing, mostly because we were too busy jamming out to the music.This may become a new place for me to hang. I love that there's so much to do and everyone around me seemed to be having a great time.
5	It's hard to believe the food we were served came off a tiny diner menu! There were 5 of us for dinner and the place was nearly vacant. The server was very attentive, the food was prepared quickly and fresh, the prices are great, and the food was even better! Bonus-They are open 24 hours so check them out for late night eats!
4	I sort of developed a little crush when I checked out the Goldspike... actually, I came twice.  I didn't get to spend a lot of time here on either visit.  The first was in the morning to figure out "what is this place?"  We discovered this is a cool bar and grill that looks like a really fun place to hang out with friends.  there is a Bar and there is a Grill and then there is a whole large Lounge area full of comfy couches, bed style loungers, bean bag chairs, and games games games.  it's totally what I want to find when I go to a bar to hang with friends.  Outside they also have little conversation areas, some game areas, a section where bands can play and currently, an ice skating rink (sorry, folks, synthetic ice).  it's just FUN.We returned that night because we wanted to check it out while it was hopping and it was!  people were skating and snow was blowing through the air, a band was playing and people were drinking and having a grand time.  Inside, almost every seating area was being used and everyone looked happy.  I wanted to stay and drink and play, but I was actually quite sick and needed to hit the sheets, but I am so going back here and bringing my friends with me.The security guard told me that they are also refurbishing the old hotel above the lounge and it's going to be some kind of hip boutique hotel.  I'm loving the new downtown and might be spending a lot more time down there if everything is going to be THIS COOL!
4	This place has been cleaned up and renovated. A cool place to hang out and chill with the guys.
3	Very friendly staff! The chicken and waffles were good. The pancakes were dry and crumbly. They have a large selection of hot sauce and the coffee is good. The price is low.
