4	This is a convenient location for my haircuts.  Wait time is usually little.  The staff is very competent and friendly.  The price is good.  What more could I ask for?
3	Usually go to a Great Clips.  Mainly because it's priced decent for a men's haircut (I mean really... what's there to a guy's cut), and they're quick.  This one seemed to have absolutely minimal wait if at all, and these days I actually check-in through my iPhone app so it's even better to get ahead of the curve on the lines.By no means is this styled like a salon cut, but then again, I'm also not in the business of shelling out over forty dollars either.  Maybe one day.
4	This Great Clips has been here a very long time now.  I stopped going for a few years because I started shaving my head.  Now that my wife wants me to have a "big boy's haircut" again, I have started going again.I see one or two familiar faces here.  The ability to check wait times and check in online is very helpful.The stylists here are very friendly and know what they are doing.  Even though there are Great Clips closer to where I work, I rather go to the on by my house in the evening because of the stylists here.
1	Got a coupon in the mail for a $5 haircut, let's just say I got what I paid for.I just needed a very quick, very basic clean up. I haven't had a haircut disaster in literally a decade. She came in with all her own recommendations and I came out looking like Ellen Degeneres*.*Ellen's great and all, but I don't want her hair!
1	The date I was in here was sometime in mid-May but wasn't able to finish writing this review until now haha....I have been using this location for haircuts since 2005, but finally have decided to call it quits. The people that work there are nice, but honestly there's only about 2 or 3 people I can think of that actually cut my hair perfect (one of them left, one got fired for some odd reason, and the other I don't see there anymore). I have gone through a bunch of the stylists here, but honestly had it with my most recent experience....I came in on a slower evening and was greeted as always. I didn't wait too long so I thought that this was going to be a great end to a week of med school exams....but that is when I noticed that the stylist was cutting my hair a bit differently than everyone else had in the past. My information in the computer is honestly really simple and I do a really great job of explaining what I want before they start, but for some reason the fade that I usually get was absolutely horrendous. In fact, it wasn't blended at all and I left the place looking like I had a mushroom cut. What made it worse, was the "fade" in the back was crooked and not symmetrical. When I tried correcting the stylist, she would say "ok, no problem" and do exactly OPPOSITE of what I was telling her to do. Eventually I had enough.... I'm not a rude person so I just said that the haircut was fine and paid for it. As I was walking out, people were literally laughing at my haircut (I am not kidding). I had to put on the hat I came in with. Honestly, I have never felt so embarrassed in my whole life.I decided to go to the Smith's location (Flamingo/Ft. Apache). The hairstylist there fixed the disaster at no charge, but I tipped her very well anyways  (more than the price of a haircut) because I was so relieved that she was able to fix it. I honestly was willing to pay triple because of how upset I was. Like I said, the stylists here are nice, but I will probably never come back for a haircut again. One star for being nice...thats about it
1	This Great Clips location provided an awful experience. Although the wait time was brief, the stylist was unpleasant. Every time she combed my hair, she smacked me in the head. She ripped out one of my earrings before I had a chance to warn her about them. The stylist asked me to lean forward in the chair for the final part of the cut, which wasn't very comfortable and very strange. The haircut is pretty unremarkable considering how much comb-smacking I sat through. I asked in the beginning of the cut for my bangs to be shorter; by the time she got to my bangs, she had forgotten my request and I wanted the cut to be over so I decided not to put myself through more trimmings.Other than that, the salon is pretty dirty. There was a film of hair everywhere. I have been to other Great Clips and other quick/cheap salons and they all manage to have a professional staff and clean stations. Will not be returning.
5	Great staff and they never mess my hair up, perfect everytime, they so send out great coupons for an awesome cheap cut
5	My favorite Vegas haircut joint. Quick, cheap, high quality place. Service is great; I've visited this place countless times and have been charmed every time. Thanks, Great Clips, for many fast, fabulous haircuts!
4	TLDR: online check-ins; $13 adult haircuts; coupons in the mail; styling available Great Clips is a chain salon that runs independently of each other (if that makes sense). The idea is that you will be able to return to the same salon and provide your phone number upon check-in. The cosmetologists are able to input Clip Notes in their system so you don't have to remember what clipper size, length, or style you want. This way you have to go back!I love this location. I've been going here since 2007 and have had a variety of ladies cut my hair. Actually, I don't think men are employed here now that I think about it. The service is above standard and they do have their off days where they can be nonchalant  and without filter, but those are rare instances. If you ever have a mistake that you notice when you get home like unevenness, then you can come back the next day and have it fixed for free.  The price is pretty good and does not include a shampoo. Be friendly and shampoo your hair prior to coming; how disgusting would you feel if you have to work with nasty, greasy hair? Look for coupons in the mail for a discount!
4	I bring my very young son here for a haircut. They are so patient with him and I appreciate it so much. They never make me feel that I am a nuisance because my kid hates haircuts. I always walk-in and the wait is never long, but it is always a weekday.
