5	Move over Rubio's cuz this shit was good! I was in the area and had only been here once after they opened years ago. I had a fish taco, and carnitas taco, rice and pinto beans, chips and salsa. 6 bucks The fish was a deep fried white fish with a nice light peppery batter, cabbage, cilantro and Baja sauce. Excellent. The fish had flavor, the batter was light and crisp, the sauce was good. The carnitas was pork, cilantro, and pico. REALLY good flavor. I had mine with the HOT sauce which was not too hot. The rice was, well rice and the beans were really good too. The chips were fresh and the salsa choices were interesting. I had mango salsa which I used as my dessert. LOL The service was excellent, very on top of it. The place was kept clean and the salsa bar stocked. I will be back. maybe next week.
4	Baja fresh is pretty freakin fresh.I love their "no freezer, no MSG, no preservatives, no nuthin crappy" vibe, which they reinforce with signage plastered around the restaurant.The food is delish. Lots of good options for meat-eaters & veggie-heads. They do it right with a delicious salsa bar that containis at least 5 different salsas, fresh limes and they've got a good selection of iced teas.
4	My daughter and I frequent this place.  I am addicted to their veggie burrito and E is addicted to their cheese crisp.  It really is fresh and simple meixcan food.  I also like their chips and salsa.  Good price, good food, good service...this is what keeps us going back
5	Staff 5Clean 5Food 5Salsa 5I like this place and tell myself we should go here more. The place is clean and the staff is great. The food is fresh and tastes great. Not sure why only a 4 but thats where I stand. I prefer the pork over the beef and the chicken. It just tastes better.
4	They are unapologetically slow, fresh, clean, and full of quality, tasty, good stuff....how could I not love Baja Fresh?  It's just like ME!
4	Ryan C. & Daren C. gave this place such a rave-up I figured I'd better whip up here & see what's going on!I'm a booth person, so finding tables only at this place was a minus, but I did receive a cheerful greeting upon entry, & ordered as follows:A Baja Burrito, Enchilado Style (wet) with their red salsa, & Carnitas (roast pork) for the meat portion of the filling.I received a tray of chips to hold me over during the preparation, & they have a salsa bar with a number of tasty treats to choose from.  Their regular house salsa, medium hotness, was excellent on the chips.Pretty soon my BIG burrito arrived at the table.  It had a serving of Nacho's along one side, plus Pico de Gallo & a ball of Sour Cream the other, to spoon up onto top of the burrito.Be hungry...  this is one serious lunch!    :-))*  2-Stars for the tables-only seating.*  5-Stars for the food, service & value!Baja Burrito, Enchilado Style $8.18  (less $2 with coupons frequently available on their Website &/or with your purchase.)YUM!
2	Oh what a sad fall from grace... My previous review of Baja Fresh was very favorable. This one, not so much.The experience started off poorly when the cashier sneezed in his hand while we were ordering. He never went to wash his hands afterwards. Perhaps he wasn't handling food directly, but he's grabbing chip bags, trays and other items right next to your food. Thanks for spreading the germs, dude.As a starter, at least we managed to enjoy the tortilla chips & their wide selection of salsas.For the main course, we ordered some grilled veggie burritos enchilada style. When they arrived, we were highly disappointed. The enchilada sauce didn't taste that good and the burrito contents were mostly cold. What part of "Grilled veggie burrito" is supposed to have cold vegetables?With a brand new Chipolte across the street, it looks like we won't be visiting Baja Fresh any more.
2	I had a Groupon for this place and after looking at the menu online, I was excited to try it. I adore Chipotle and that type of fresh mexican style food, so this seemed perfect. Yeah, not so much... I had the shrimp bowl which is apparently new to the menu. Maybe they need more practice or refining on this item because it was not good. The rice was bitter, the veggies tasted like burned oil, and the shrimp were chewy. The only semi-redeeming things for this meal were the pico and guac that I added. My husband had the 2 taco combo and he said it was "meh...".  We had to spend $15 to fulfill the Groupon so we got a churro - yum!!I dint think we'll be going back any time soon... Chipotle has won our business.
4	Baja and anything ending in "Berto's" are about the same, except Baja is more expensive, with a much smaller menu and probably a bit healthier and definitely fresher.Fish tacos rock it, so does the carne asada and the Baja salsa looks like coffee grounds or lava but it tastes amazing with a totopo de maiz.
5	Fast, fresh, delicious...how can I not love it?
1	okay so I haven't yelped in a while and let me tell you I have a lot to yelp about!My boyfriend and I went here on Sunday and got the worst service ever!!!! I actually called and complained about it to 2 different stores because when I called this Bell road store to complain they said there was no manager and the girl who answered was the girl I wanted to complain about so DUH I wasn't going to tell her my complaint so she could pass it on to no one so that is why I called the other locations which No one ever called me back soooo... we will never be going back here. So on Sunday we went here and yes they were a little busy. Our order was taken within a few minutes and then we proceeded to the salsa bar which either the person before us made a huge mess or the thing hadn't been cleaned in a while. My boyfriend and I ordered the EXACT same thing... chicken taco plate, flour tortillas, mild salsa, add onion. Simple right??? Okay so the taco plates comes with a small bag of chips.... I asked him if I could get a small side of guac for my tacos- he then asked "do you want the 8oz size with chips"... and I told him NO... my meal comes with chips I just want a small side. (which I have gotten before and I think it was like 1.50 or so.) So me not paying attention to the receipt didn't realize that yes indeed he did (even though he asked me and I said NO) charged me for the 8oz with chips. Now like I said I just wanted a little guac for my tacos. Which not to mention the guac isn't really all that great. The tacos are good, the service is bad. Sooooooooooooo anyways after we get our salsa we then sit down at a table to wait for our food. Pretty much every single open table was dirty too. Almost immediatly after sitting down a plate comes up in the window and is put under the heating lamp. About 5 minutes goes by and that same plate is still sitting up there. Okay so now the girl working puts that 5 min old plate in a bag and sets it there on the counter. And now about another 5 minutes goes by and a plate comes up in the window and she gets it and puts it in the bag with the old plate. And of course... my luck... it's our food! Okay now like I said before... we ordered the EXACT same thing! So now why did one come up in two minutes and the other take 10???  So trying not to be rude but KNOWING that that 10 min old 5 minutes sitting in a bag food was going to be COLD.... I asked her "why did the one come up so fast and the other take so long and they are the exact same thing... isn't that one going to be cold since it has been sitting in a bag for like 10 minutes".... and she so rudely said "I DONT KNOW".... I don't know???? really????? are you kidding me... that was her answer. So I said again "isn't that one going to be cold"... I'm sorry but I don't go out to get cold food... and she said again even more rudely "I DONT KNOW". Uummmmmmmmmmm I think that should have been the point where she had them remake the food so it would be hot or something. Okay so then back to the guac.... So like I said I had realized that he had charged me for the 8oz when I only wanted the small side...  So I then mentioned to the RUDE girl that "hey you guys charged me for the large side when I only wanted the small side".... and she said "WELL IT'S PRETTY MUCH THE SAME"... ??????? what really???? it's totally not the same. You guys are now charging me for chips when my meal comes with a small bag. yes it was a lot more chips then we usually get but the point is... We didn't want them! So then I mentioned to her that my meal comes with chips and that I didn't want to buy extra chips and then SHE TURNS AROUND... GRABS THE TWO SMALL BAGS OF CHIPS THAT THE MEAL COMES WITH, BASICALLY SMASHES THEM IN HER HAND WHILE SHOVING THEM AT ME, AND PRETTY MUCH SAYS... HERE'S YOUR CHIPS. Like I said... the tacos are good - BUT NOT GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME TO COME BACK AND BE TREATED LIKE GARBAGE BY SOME GIRL. I am a paying customer that doesn't like to pay for cold food, be charged extra for something that I didn't order, call to talk to a manager and be told that there is no manager, call and complain to not one but TWO different locations and be told by TWO different locations that a manager will call me back and have TWO different locations NOT CALL ME BACK! WILL NEVER GO BACK!
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =How sad that we have lost this excellent restaurant, as well as all Arizona Baja Fresh locations!     :-(
