5	what a find!  70 lanes of first class bowling - the people next to us were bowling like 230 and up games - this is a clean bowling alley full of people serious about the sport.  they had a wide selection of balls, though I found the balls to be a little greasy and had to wash my hands several times - greasy balls make my hands feel dirty.the shoes were new !  and clean!  hooray!  this bowling alley was a throwback to how bowling used to / should bethe bar / lounge looked quite classy but the only detraction was the snack bar that was staffed by a nice boy from gaudalajara who was very nervous and did not speak very good english - i wouldn't order food here (see greasy ball comment above) but the people around us did.  will definitely stop by next time we're in town.
5	I was here with Sophie A. and man- what an amazing find!  This is like, the coolest bowling alley I've ever seen in my whle life.  It's like that dream sequence in the big lebowski- where the dude is bowling at the infinite bowling alley in heaven.  this is that place- it's heaven for bowlers.  It's also a great place to kill a few hours if you are in the Palms/Gold Coast/Rio neighborhood.  It's not that cheap- cost us $20 to bowl three games for two people, but the sure gloriousness of it all more then made up for the price.  Also, the hall of fame pictures they have lining the wall- all people who bowled 300 games or whatever- are hysterical.  You really should check this place out if you are in the neighborhood.
5	So what else is there to do at 2:00am in a city that's all about gambling and alcohol? Bowling.That's right. Our group (consisting of people under and over 21 in age) decided to do a turnaround trip one night in Vegas. After some steak and eggs in our system we began wandering around the strip. Where we later decided to hit up someone's suggestion about bowling at these hours. I was skeptical at first but lo and behold, there actually was a place!From the hours between 1am-5am, you can bowl $1 per game. This place had 70 lanes...wtf? That was uncanny; something I've never seen before. But being that it was so late, we were practically the only ones there. It was like we had it all to ourselves.So if you have time and you want a break from all the bars and casinos, heck, why not go bowling?
5	At 3 in the clock in the morning when not many people are gambling and mostly everyone in your ground is asleep what is there to do besides drink, look for any women, and of course gamble...BOWLING! Exhausted from gambling all night I found my friend at the roulette or poker table (cant remember was intoxicated) and dragged him along upstairs to this crazy world. A world of 70+ bowling lanes WTF?! It was pretty tight. We went to order 6 beers and the dude gave us a 6 pack which was kinda funny lol. Then upon arriving at our lane we see this powder substance that your supposed to mix with water to keep you awake. My friend put it in his beer which then proceeded to fizz and rupture like a volcano. After seeing this I go to bowl and when I come back I tottally forget about his experience 30 seconds before and do the same thing but I get surprised at this happening and try to drink everything that comes out. Let me just say the powdery stuff won. I managed to get some of the beer down but some came out of my mouth and even nose from laughing so hard...yes it was nasty and didnt feel good :) but anyway I digress if your staying at the Gold Coast definately go bowling and its super cheap like 1 dollar a game. GO! PEACE!
5	I have bowled at 24-hour bowling alleys before. I have been bowling at 1 a.m. before. But never have I bowled at an alley with 70 lanes, and one where almost all of those 70 lanes were in use at 2 a.m. on a Wednesday, until my visit to the Gold Coast. This place is the shit. And I say that despite having bowled the worst games of my post-adolescent life here. That may be because I started throwing the ball down the lane after midnight, or it may be because I spent pretty much the entire day up to that point drinking a cocktail of alcohols that would make the strongest of stomachs go limp. Either way, it certainly wasn't because this center is sub-par. On the contrary, it's fabulous. Four games and two shoe rentals cost $6. Ohhhh shit. It was on. I may have been tired enough that I laid down on the fabulous swivel seats while the bf was rolling, but we were going to play until we passed out mid-throw and started snoring in the lane. Keeping the z's at bay were $4.50 drinks. They weren't the strongest, but as stated, it was 2 a.m. in Vegas-we weren't trying to induce liver failure at this point. Staff is great-there's Linda, who is friendly but who's been there so long she knows it all, has seen it all, and dealt with the looong line of customers with ease. The bartender was also fast despite dealing with lots of meatheads ordering endless pitchers of beer. This is a gem for non-gamblers in Vegas, or those who've lost enough of their money gambling that all you have left is a $20 to cover the night's entertainment.
5	$1 Bowling and shoe rentals kept me and my friends up in the middle of the night. The workers were really nice and helpful when our lane broke down during one of our games. Even though the bowling balls were a bit grimy, it was a fun place to be with nice people in the lanes next to us.
5	we are there for a bowling tournament the place is very cool 70 lanes. we got there and were given a ticket so we could come pratice anytime we wanted. place is fun the workers are cool. they even gave us comps that last for the next year!!!
4	If you ever find yourself in the following situation:- At the Palms- Late night- With old or new friend(s)- Ghost Bar and Rain are feeling played out- Not yet ready to crash- Don't want to trek down to the StripThen you're in luck, because you've got the perfect solution right across the street: bowling at Gold Coast.
3	OldSkool Bowling Alley with Uncomfortable seats    5-Stars for $1.00 late night bowling     (wish they had the lights dim every night -    boy does fluorescent lighting hurt at 3 am)   5-Stars for $10 cosmic bowling (Sat & Sun)   1-Star for the awful WEAK drinks you'll get at the bar     Overall Average 3.5 Stars.The lanes here are kept pretty clean.  Comfy shoes, tons of balls in lower weights, small bar, small snack area, and a handful of vending machines. The staff was kind and courteous.  The patrons seemed to keep to themselves, and a lot of them were a little rough around the edges.  Oddly enough it was around 1 am and I still saw kids running all over the place in here.  I wish my parents let me stay up that late when I was seven.To be honest at a place like GCBC you're going to end up with a hodge podge of people from all over the world, hey it's Vegas anything goes.Date Rating: 7 (great place to go after dinner or a late night - no need to dragging people back to your place)Pick up Scale: 1  (Not Recommended) Strong Suggestion: Be the party.  Bring the party. Close your eyes and repeat after me, "There is no place like home..."Best Advice - come here drunk and have some water.  Plenty of Lanes to go around.  The place is gigantic.  You won't feel like you're in Las Vegas that's for sure.
5	Bowling in Vegas? Yep. My friend and I were stumbling around the Gold Coast Casino at midnight and chanced upon the largest bowling alley either of us had ever seen. It's 70 lanes. Let me say that again, 70 lanes. It's literally so big that if it were in Los Angeles you wouldn't be able to see from one end to the other due to smog. Not only was it big, it was cheap as hell. 2 drunk guys + 2 pairs of rental shoes + 2 games = $6. What happened in Vegas isn't staying in Vegas--I whipped his ass in both games, Nerd-Style!
1	The bowling alley is clean and big... The problem is the customer service and the lanes... If you want to be experiences awful customer service and lanes that don't work this is the place for you... We arrived and the attendant had an attitude like she was upset that we were there. Didn't know that a party 9 was a bad thing especially when there is only a few ppl there on a Sunday. She was beyond rude... The other customers that were there she let keep their shoes and was pleasant... She took our shoes had an attitude and gave us bad lanes... I guess if your any kind of minority I would stay away from here when the red headed monster is working. We still made the best of it... Now I know not to bring my team here... They lost out on a party of 20-30... Guess it was worth it....
4	Hey, $1 bowling after midnight from Sunday to Thursday, you cant beat it! It's a nice crowd that goes, not overly crowded, and has a nice little bar.  I wish the snack bar was still open at these late hours, but just hangin somewhat in seclusion and drunk bowling with your friends is fine with me.
5	These lanes are my 'home' lanes.  I can adjust my bowling easily here everytime.  The lanes are never too dry and never too oily. Just right!It's a dollar after midnight and if you need shoes those are a dollar also, but be prepared to give a shoe up for collateral.  I have my own but I need some new ones, which reminds me that they have a shop in here too! Yup, right next to the register.Beware, at midnight, it gets packedBecause everyones after $1 well drinks and $1 domestic beers at the bar.
4	Love it when I can just stick my thumb in something round and heavy then toss it in a lane that's just gleaming. Letting that ball roll and wham!!! Strike all pins down!!! A great score everytime and what aaaah feeling!! That's bowling when I got the time, free of other daily activity. A time for just stretching out those muscles and let free. This bowling lanes within the Gold Coast Hotel & Casino remains to be a favorite place not just for hotel guests and me but for locals and tourists alike. Since having Gold Coast as my "home" in the past years whenever in Vegas (besides the Palace Station, Stratosphere, Tuscany Gardens Casino, Mandalay Bay, Rio Resort, Paris Vegas and Eastside Cannery Hotels), occupying my time bowling in these lanes that stays open 24 hours when nights my peepers do not  zonk out into nighttime sleep. About 70 bowling lanes. Choose one. $1 per Bowl Game. $1 Bowling Shoes are affordable for rental; your shoe on hold till the rental shoe is returned. $1 Well Drinks and $1 Draft Beer (if you drink, be responsible). There's latest music hits playing on stereo system which adds interest to bowling atmosphere. All that for Graveyard Bowling Rate on Sundays to Thursdays midnight till 8 in the morning, on Fridays and Saturdays from 2:30 p.m. to 8 a.m. except Cosmic Bowling Fridays to Saturdays from 9:30 p.m. to 2:30 a.m. the rate vary. Dance club-like lighting and Live DJ plays music during Cosmic Bowling hours.Bowling Balls available. Interestingly colored. Love the bright orange-red one. Have a ball? bring it. Bowling Scores are automatically transmitted via overhead TV monitors. How well did you do? Track it on its score panel. Cocktails, Beer, Drinks, and Well Drinks to imbibe in is readily served by bartender in the Lounge where bar, and table seating is few steps up from the lanes. Drinks are allowed in the bowling game tables but not on the bowl lanes. Drinks are monitored by security. Food Vending Machines are accessible. The Fast Food Snack Bar is also available for hot food. There's a Video Arcade to beat the rest of the time in with video games. Bowling patrons under the age of 18 must be accompanied by a parent after 10 p.m. Any inquiries for bowling tips, bowling leagues and new bowling equipment purchase can be directed to the staff in K&K Bowling Services.Bowling Lanes are open after 9 p.m. Best to call first to check the rates as it changes depending on the time of the day and during Holidays. Also, if a Bowling Event, Special Events and Bowling Tournaments may be taking place. On Mondays-Thursdays, the lanes are available all day before 5:30 p.m. Check for changes in Holiday Rates and Locker Rate. Lockers are available for rent. They are located on both ends of the Bowling Center. All set for a bowl game? Rumble the ball down the lane, hit pins and let it fall! Fun!
3	Gold Coast lanes is the first bowling alley I ever played in here in Vegas.  My friends and I usually come here for it's midnight $1 bowling. The facilities are ok, nothing fancy, they have an arcade for kids, vending machines for drinks, a bar for adults, a snack shop for everyone, and a pro shop for your bowling needs. Definitely a good spot to bowl with friends and just have a good time.
3	This place has 70 lanes of old school fabulousness.  It's not fancy by any means (think Strike), but it gets the job done just fine.Shoes were in good condition and I actually thought mine were kind of cute!  Bumpers were a hit with the little one and while my score sucked (I'm a sore loser) and my manicure was partially ruined, it was a fun time for everyone.Great place to spend a few hours on a rainy day in Las Vegas.
5	Wonderful staff, quiet alley with lots of lanes. Good prices with lots of specials, part of why Gold Coast is my favorite casino in town.I bit the bullet this trip and picked up a ball-bag-shoes combo from the K & K pro shop. Frankie was REALLY helpful and friendly; giving me tips, letting me watch and chat while he drilled my ball, giving me free games and overall being a really nice guy. I'm so happy I waited to buy from their shop and look forward to return visits, not only to bowl but to see the friendly staff and buy more equipment.
5	Hurrah! Something other to do than gamble and eat in a casino!This bowling alley really made my day. We came in for Dim Sum, stopped for gambling, then got excited when we saw this bowling alley upstairs.For about $11 bucks, two people can play a game including shoe rentals. If you don't have socks, they have a sock vending machine. The shoes were also looking pretty new considering we're in Vegas and all.So happy we came here, it was a lot of fun.
5	The Gold Coast is one of my favorite casinos to visit it as its a spot for regulars.  There's no $10 beers, crazy ballers, or annoying bachelor groups.  If you're tired of walking and drinking on the strip, the Gold Coast Bowling Alleys are a sure bet.  The alley has 70+ lanes and is quite possibly the largest alley you'll see unless you're a professional bowler.The alley is open 24/7 and has a bar that serves pitchers for about $5 and mixed drinks are only $2 and drafts are $1 (Midnight-8a.m.).  The graveyard bowling special is the best deal in Vegas with games being $1 and shoe rentals another dollar.  The staff is friendly and helpful if any problem were to arise.  The atmosphere of the alley is laid back with everyone going to have a good time.  The alley also serves some fast foo treats, such as fries and other finger foods.If you're down and out from the tables or the slot machines, the Gold Coast Bowling Center is the place to go and just go and have a good time.  Lastly, Vegas natives are able to sign up for leagues and other bowling specials.
3	Not the best bowling alley I've been too, but it was cheap and fun.Everything worked which is a plus. The shoes weren't gross. The bathrooms were clean. The place wasn't so packed that you couldn't move or find a ball.Staff was pleasant.The lounge where you buy the drinks was really smokey. I wish they had a waitress that came around to serve drinks. But its okay, I don't expect a bar to smell like a rose garden. Drinks were cheap.
5	We had a great time at the bowling alley! It's open 24 hours, and they have great specials. We went around 2 AM both nights, so it wasn't crowded and we paid $1 shoe rental and $1 per game. The staff and bartender were very friendly. We highly recommend checking out the bowling alley if you are staying the hotel.
2	A completely mediocre bowling alley. Plenty of lanes, but everything looks like it's seen better days. Just plain old. The same can be said of the staff... old, but relatively friendly.On a Saturday afternoon the price was $3 per game per person and $2.75 for shoe rentals. I don't bowl much so I have no idea how it compares to other places around town, but it seems inexpensive.Not sure I'd come back. Red Rock is closer to me anyway, so I'd probably just head there next time we're in the mood for bowling.
5	Graveyard bowling!! A dollar per game, per shoe rental, and per beer. Are you serious?My friends and I came here on a Thursday night, and bowled/hung out for about 4 hours straight (until 4am!). We've done this before, and it's always a great start to a fun Vegas weekend.It doesn't get too crowded here, which gives you and your friends plenty of space to get crazy.Have fun!!
4	Good place to bowl. The equipment weren't the most modern, but I had a good time.
5	Great lanes and seemed to have a lot of specials on drinks and games!
5	Monday night after 9pm is $1 bowling! Awesome!!!Tuesday and Wednesday bowling after 9pm (or so, memory not that great after some beers) $2 per game and shoe rental!
4	Gold Coast Bowling Alley Bar til 3am . $2 shots . $3 well drinks . $1 bowling after midnight per game . Nice bartenders & a fun time .
5	So apparently there's a bowling alley on the second floor. For years I never even contemplated on checking it out, but as I've come to realize that I suck at gambling, I've had to look for alternatives to keep me occupied. So the last time I was in Vegas, up the escalators I went... (There's also an elevator for the impaired or lazy.)Graveyard Bowling Special, which is what I'm primarily reviewing about, for the win! From midnight to 8am (Monday-Thursday, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3JAdi53xsn3LFOKdZjSPew?select=tog1h6YxRyjIL3BfckGn8Q#GpgZub9sbVPcI5bsv0NcrQ), shoe rentals are $2 and each game is only $1. How awesome is that?! Love the price and the late night option (certainly a nice alternative to gambling), though I'm sad that the snack bar was closed during those hours... Would have been nice to order a hot dog or a burger. There's a small arcade there too, with a claw machine that gobbled up a few of my dollars...As long as they have this offer (both price point and open late), then I will fully endorse this bowling alley.____________________________________BACKSTORYWas trying to find something for my blind brother to do, and figured that if we used the bumpers (which are usually reserved for kids), that it might provide some physical activity. There was a bit of getting used to, but by the end of the first game, we had figured things out. Not sure if that's a great idea for the blind, as he found some mild enjoyment out of playing, but worth a try anyways.Sadly, I can't play well anymore with a bum wrist. Maybe I can roll it granny-style... Or learn to bowl left-handed.
5	A bowling alley that gets the job done. Came here on a Friday night and played 2 games. It's located on the second floor in the casino. Linda helped us purchase the games and the shoe rentals. She was super friendly and helpful. I haven't bowled in 6 years so it was refreshing to be an alley that wasn't overcrowded. There were plenty of lanes open but it wasn't deserted.  It's relatively cheap here! 3 dollars per game and 2.75 for shoe rentals. The shoes were clean and comfy. Bowling and shoe rentals are dirt cheap Monday to Thursday after midnight for a dollar a piece. I will definitely be a regular here!
3	It's old, but so is the casino. It's pretty clean. There's a lounge you can smoke in, a pro shop, an arcade, restrooms at either end, snack bar is what you would expect; hamburgers $5ish, chili/hot dogs, pizza, hot pretzels...my onion rings (about 7) were $3.50 + side of ranch $1.25. All of the staff here are very nice! The bowling center is in the middle of the casino, upstairs.  I find it best to park on the east side of the parking garage on Wynn Rd. There is no access to casino wi-if, but we have a hotspot and I haven't had any problems using it.
3	Alpha phi sigma bowling social vs. Criminal justice clubWe tried to create a friendly and competitive challenge, however there were no lanes! :(( Yes, believe it or not all lanes were ocupied at 7:15p.m or so due to league bowling. The cashier offered to call the Orleans but we didn't take her up on that offer. The Gold Coast is the Gold Coast, desperately  in need for a renovation. There are about 70 lanes, equipped with a pro shop, cafe, bar, and kids zone.The pro shop services your bowling balls. The cafe is rather divey serving your basic pizza by the slice, hot dogs, french fries, nachos (with bagged cheese), chips, and fountain drinks. The bar is a smoke pit as this is the designated smoking area. There was a full bar; serving wine, beer, and spirits. Bartenders were somewhat pleasant as they were just going through the motions waiting for their shift to end. I didn't notice any happy hour specials, but the prices were okay...$4 for a glass of wine, $3 & change for a bottle of heineken. The kids zone was full of novelty games you would find in a typical arcade.I saw many lockers, probrably with a monthly charge for league memebers. Forgot your socks? No worries, they have a sock vending machine $3 or $4 for a pair. There is an abundance of balls that you can borrow for the non-pros and are there just to have fun. The bowling balls vary by weight, colors, and finger sizes. Shoe rentals are available with the purcahse of games if need be. The only icky thing to me is that although the staff sprays some disinfectant in the shoes after each use, it still grosses me out...You just don't know where peoples feet have been!The monitors at each lane are screaming for an upgrade, but on the flipside, it matches the feel of the Gold Coast; old and grungy.This is a good place to meet up with a group of people and have a load of fun, inexpensively. Just be sure to give them a call during the week before your group goes down there to double check on bowling league nights & lane availability.The only plus to this bowling alley is its inexpensive prices and it is smoke-free (well except for the bar)! One of the staff was friendly, but the rest of the gang was old and just seemed grouchy. Don't go there for the service, that's for sure!
1	I can get behind the prices for bowling. And I can get behind the drink prices as well.What I can't get behind is the atrocious cashier. We had one stop our game once because she thought one of us was playing more than we had paid for -- which was absolutely untrue, and we had the receipts to prove it; still, she was belligerent -- and then, after she begrudgingly turned our game back on, chalking it up to us "not understanding," she did it again, inexplicably, at the end of our last game. Just shut it off, with three throws left for the night. We didn't bother trying to reason with her again -- we just handed her suddenly smiling self our rental shoes and left. This, to say nothing of the poor ball selection, and awful DJ and PA system. I don't care if it's more expensive -- we'll be bowling elsewhere from here on out. We are honest people and we won't stand for being treated like thieves.
3	Great specials on the late night bowling. Had a great time here. Reason for the 3 stars only was the cleanliness and the attitude we received from some of the workers. Other then that we had a great time.
3	With all the vices Sin City has to offer,who would ever go bowling?The better way to look at this question:how do you get three rambunctious boys to sit stillfor a couple hours?Gold Coast Bowling is old school bowling at its best.good fun.good prices.super kid friendly.But if you are really into bowlingand willing to go off Strip,trying heading over to Red Rock.
5	Great bowling! Nice bar and snack bar. 70 lanes (I think). Cosmic bowling is great fun for groups and cheap. Regular bowling is even cheaper. 3 dollars a game, $3.50 for shoes. Great fun!
5	The #2 reason is the huge 24 hour bowling center with cheap games (especially Graveyard hours), Cosmic Bowling, and no-nonsense, no-frills lounge.
