3	(Original posting was 1 Feb 2009 during my birthday weekend in Montreal.)Nickels was our last restaurant stop on rue St. Catherine in Downtown Montreal before heading back to our hotel to pack for our flight back to LAX. By this time, it was already 2am and a lot of places weren't open. =( The way I would describe this place is more like an upscale Denny's? Hahaha...great music selections, too! They played "Everybody was kung-fu fighting...HAH!"We ordered the lightly fried calamari (9.49 CAD), smoked meat pizza (12.39 CAD) and shrimp brochette (11.99 CAD).Objectively, this place will do when you're starving at 2 in the morning.  The calamari was good but the smoked meat pizza was a little oily and when I asked for thin crust, they mean it, literally so take my word for it.  The shrimp brochette (skewers) came in two sticks with rice and a side salad.  Overall I was satisfied, but I think my immense hunger overcame my usual picky-ness.
4	Everything else was closed as it was pretty late and I was looking for a quick bite to eat. It's a diner and the menu is pretty much mostly burgers and the like. However it was extensive and I opted for Chicken Souvlaki with rice, fried potatoes and salad. It came very quickly and I must say for $10 it was very nice in need. Just what I was after. It was 10:00pm so the place was mostly full of drunk kids returning from a night out on the town. Just saw that Celine Dion owns this chain :-)
3	Came here at 1am right when we arrived in MontrealService wasn't too bad but the tables were a bit filthy as there was still left over fries on the tableTypically food of what you would get at dennysOrdered the chili poutine which was basically chili cheese fries and the smoked meat sandwichOverall good portions I say best to come here when ur starving in the middle of the night but during the day there's better restaurants beside like reubens
2	I'm a little embarassed to even be writing a review about Nickels, but here goes.We stopped in here because it was freakin' freezing and raining outside and we needed brunch - pronto!We all ordered crepes (not pancakes as our server was quick to point out)...duh, were English, not stupid.Anyway, we had the fruit crepes and the strawberry/nutella crepes.  I ordered a side of sausage with mine.Food was average, crepes were a bit greasy and the strawberry nutella crepe had an obscene amount of nutella.  It was frankly a bit nauseating.  Great for a 6 year old, but not at all what I expected.Food was reasonably price and the crepe portions sizes seemed a lot smaller than the greasier bacon/egg/potato combos.
3	I came here on a Saturday morning and it wasn't that busy. The service was quick and it had nice decor for a diner. I ordered The Griddle and everything was pretty good except for the pancakes. They were very airy and as such, no substance to them. The meal cost $10 so it was a little on the pricey side.
2	After arriving in beautiful Montreal via rough traffic into the city, me and my lady were ready to re-explore our love for Poutine. We started our dinner and went for the meat poutine with sausage and bacon, which was pretty average. I would've enjoyed a thicker more crispy fry, in lieu of the thin 'shoestring' they offered. I ordered the salmon burger for my entree, in which the patty was half the size of the bun. The menu stated it came with tarter sauce, but mine arrived without. When I asked for a side of tarter sauce, the waiter came back with a pre-packaged tiny packet. I would've preferred tarter sauce that was made in-house and not bland. The restaurant itself is a 'tourist trap' if you will, being right on Rue St. Catherine. It wasn't the cleanest diner I've been in, but it wasn't too bad either. I honestly probably won't go back, unless options are super limited and I'm twisted. _Beantowns Finest_
2	I will admit that upon entering I expected a cool little Montreal diner with character...I was mistaken.  It seemed like a touristy restaurant chain with mediocre food...wait, you probably knew that.This is a restaurant that you'd find in any suburban mall in Canada...not overly exciting, and if you are downtown in Montreal go someplace else!  On the positive side, lots of pictures of Celine Dion.  On the serious positive side though...it is a good palce for kids.  Lots of other kids, big place, and the menu is reasonably priced.
2	I've been to Nickels a handful of times in my travels to Montreal... It's decor tries to recreate the feel of a '50s diner, but I noticed they play newer music through the sound system. The burgers are ok, and that's being generous. Fries aren't anything more then frozen $1 fries, you'd get at the market The waitstaff has ranged from "Ok - Pretty Rude." I'd recommend it for people looking more for value over quality. Mostly I'll use it for mid-drinking-day food fill up, when I don't want McDonald's.
2	Okay - it was late at night and we decided to eat and grab one last drink before heading back to the hotel - we had limited options.  Touristy '50s-style diner pretty much sums this joint up.  Big portions and decent pricing -- my chili burger wasn't all bad and the service was alright - so this place gets a passing grade from me for this alone.But yup - this place is pretty dirty.  I know it's the middle of winter - but that was an unusual amount of dirt/mud on the floortiles.  But this isn't why I'm giving it 2-stars.I'm shocked I'm the first person to mention this little fact - at every table, along with your sugar packets and salt & pepper shakers, is a ginormous bottle of hand sanitizer.  What - the - fuck?  HAND SANITIZER AT EVERY TABLE?Okay - maybe it's just me.  I went through a phase where I was using hand sanitizer every 30 minutes because my workplace installed them everywhere and I worked with some 'drrrty' people.  I'm a recovering germaphobe like Puddy.  My tablemate is a healthcare professional and was mildly annoyed at this joint is contributing to creating the supervirus.And I don't buy the argument that it's offered as a convenience and I can just opt out.  There's a sink and soap - wash up your damned hands if you feel dirty.  Having hand sanitizer at the table is not a good look.  It's like if you came over to my place and you found Preparation H and Summer's Eve on the bathroom counter - you would assume I have hemorrhoids and/or a smelly vagina, right?   Or that I should really reconsider my time machine schematics.  Not a good look, do people really not wash their hands?I woke up the next morning wondering why the hell I had taken a picture of hand sanitizer as well.  Once again - what - the - fuck?Finally, Nickels - having a picture up of Celine Dion doesn't boost foot traffic nor whet appetites - it has the opposite effect.
2	Came in here for lunch today and although I was seated promptly, the service was very very slow and it was hard to get a server's attention. I had decided what I wanted to order and still no one was coming around to take my order until it got down to me staring at the waitstaff. I wound up ordering their smoked meat spaghetti which was being advertised. It was good although I'm not crazy about smoked meat but I figured I'd try it anyways. The other thing that sadly has landed this review down to two stars is the price. For what I had, the price was a little steep for my liking and refills on my soda weren't free which I suppose I should have thought to ask. Anyways, I may or may not come back depending on who I'm with..but I probably won't if I'm on my own like I was today.
3	While I would endeavour never to use the ladies washroom again, the service and the meal I had were excellent. Sometimes you just can't beat a classic. Montreal smoked meat sandwich with fries and coleslaw. My sandwich was piled high with delicious meat, warm and juicy. By the time I finished wolfing it down, juices were running down my hand. It was excellent.Monday to Friday, from 4pm to close, this deal is only $5. Go. Eat. Enjoy.
1	Minus 14 degrees I must admit it was the outside that really attract me in . Seat at the table in a cool environment we decide to order some entry and food ... Well beside the service being very slow I must admit the taste is still something I waiting for ... The food wasn't at the best of my expectation only the desert ... 98$ for 2 I must say it is not a given . Sangria without fruits , wrong delivery at the table versus what was ordered , and on the top of that we must give. 15% tips .... Next time Burger King ....
4	This review is for breakfast only. I happened to be in the neighbourhood and came upon this kitschy diner and deli on the famous St. Catherine's street. Most breakfasts come with coffee or tea and they have early bird specials. You will find a good mix of locals and tourists dining side by side in harmony. My food was decent, service was friendly and prompt. This place is a must try!
3	Decent place to eat, but definitely not amazing or anything like that.Portions are good, and service is usually good as well.I enjoy their beef or chicken fajitas, and have had a few salads here as well. I've found that apart from these things, all their other stuff which I have tried has been quite bland.
1	Awful awful awful... to be avoided!Slow service = 1h25m to get food.Cold food = The meat was coldThe only thing redeeming about it is being snubbed when I made a comment to the manager. It made me realize that the place was truly to be avoided.Buyer beware!
5	Chicken: good, Ribs: good, Fries: good, Service: friendly, fast and on time, Damage: CAD $ 22.98 .
4	We chose this place on a Friday evening because so many others were loud and crowded. The food was very good, reasonably priced and pleasantly served.
1	Only gave them one star because you can't give them zero. Went there this morning for breakfast, never actually got any food. After waiting for ten minutes without anyone acknowledging we were seated I asked if someone was going to take our order. The guy kind of nodded.  After another five minutes I was done.  We left and went to Reuben's down the street. Very good food and good service. They wanted my money I guess.
3	Had a nice breakfast. Service was friendly and no complaints. Food was typical diner food. Yummy but did not overly wow me.
