4	On the surface Big Bowl is your typical family owned local Chinese place but it's my favorite. You'll find the standard fast-Chinese-food fare on the menu, plus a lot of extras. Their Boba Tea is great, and they offer ramen and tofu choices as well. The portions are big and the service is super friendly. If you can, save yourself time and go in to order, rather than relying on delivery. They're quick either way, but the owners are so happy to see you, it makes your meal taste so much better!Compared to other local places like House of Egg Roll, Big Bowl has bigger portions, comparable prices, and lots of extras.
1	I ordered the following:Shrimp Fried Rice, Curry Chicken/Chow Mein Combo, and two orders of Crab Wontons.The Shrimp Fried Rice was Burned -- the smell and taste and just looking at the egg and the tip of the grains were complete proof of this -- the Curry Chicken was all sauce and no veggies -- barely any chicken -- and the Chow Mein was not Chow Mein, but Lo Mein. Believe me, I know most people get this wrong, but there is a difference.And on top of all of this, they failed to bring any chopsticks. WHO EATS RICE OR NOODLES WITHOUT CHOPSTICKS?And all of this was for....I don't know, like 26 or 27 dollars? I can't really say for sure. They failed to even bring me a reciept.Sigh....I really think I should apply to work there in their kitchen. I may be just a simple white, American girl, but I know how to cook REAL Chinese food. I used to work in a Chinese Kitchen. And I was trained by real Chinese Chefs.Big Bowl,. if you are reading this: YOU NEED ME IN YOUR KITCHEN. Anyways, enough about me disappointing experience. Carry on.-Jadis
5	Great food, great prices, and great service.  I am a big eater and could not even finish all my food for only 8 dollars.   The orange chicken was fresh and tender with excellent flavor.  The combo also came with fried wantons and spring rolls.  Super far from my house, but worth the drive.
4	This little hole-in-the-wall is a great find!  It doesn't look like much on the outside, but the food was great, and the prices were very reasonable.  I ordered the teriyaki chicken combo, which came with fried rice, crab wontons, spring rolls, and egg drop soup.  Even with a large drink it was still only $9.50.  I made two full meals out of it with more leftover.I was able to choose between white and dark meat for the teriyaki.  The sauce was tasty, and everything was cooked fresh to order.  The wontons were still dripping and steaming hot from the fryer, and the fried rice was filled with fresh-cut veggies.The egg drop soup was kind of a miss for me.  I thought it was a little bland, but everything else more than made up for it.  The couple that owns it seems to be the only staff, and they were very courteous, polite, and genuinely made me feel valued.  The place was dead, which was a little sad to see, but it made for a pleasant, quiet meal.  I'm glad to finally find decent teriyaki in the neighborhood, and I will most definitely be back for more.
3	Small, clean restaurant with nothing fancy going on. The food is tasty though, and the staff friendly. The House Special Lo Mein is really delicious. The prices are a little high, and portions are fairly small. I like it enough however, to order takeout somewhat frequently. The egg rolls taste great, even if they have a bit more cabbage in them than I would prefer. I wish their was a better selection of dim sum type of offerings. Overall though, it's pretty good, especially for take out.
4	I want to say it's very good, but I only ever get the teryaki chicken bowl or the pork fried rice. It always tastes great, I wish they had more customers. The only thing that makes this place with 4/5 stars is that it looks a little sketchy.
1	I lived in the far east for years, half my family is chinese. The Chinese say my cooking is better than the restaurants. I ordered pork fried rice, lemon chicken, and a sweet and sour lunch special. The worst "Chinese food" I ever ate. There was a sign help wanted in the window, I know why. I will never go back.
4	This was my first visit & I will go back.Small places with huge menus and cooking to order are somewhat amazing! Try stocking ingredients for more than 50 menu items. People who prepare one meal at a time for one to eight people can't begin to understand. The food is good, portions large and warm service. It would be interesting to see critical people keeping a small restaurant open for a few months.
