1	I've been here twice.  Being very convenient to my home, and not being very familiar with other places in the area, I figured I'd give them a shot.My haircut is not complicated at all - just a basic finger-length trim with some clipper clean-up.The first visit I received a very good cut by a very pleasant stylist (unfortunately I do not remember her name).  Not a bad wait, and the price can't be beat, so I figured I'd go back.Big mistake.My second stylist, whom I will just call STP (and also bears a passing resemblance to Jimmy Fallon), left much to be desired.  The alarms should have been raised when it took him 30 minutes to perform what seemed to be a simple buzz cut on the customer in front of me.My cut typically takes about 15 minutes - 20 tops.  But ol' STP had me in his chair for about an hour.  (The other stylist on duty finished almost 2 cuts during this time).  Maybe he's new, but I honestly don't think he knew the correct technique.  By the time I realized things weren't going well, it was too late - I couldn't ask him to hurry because I didn't want to walk out looking like Moe from the Three Stooges.  I had to sit and wait it out.It was about this time that I experienced a barber shop first - I got snipped on the ear.  Bad enough that blood dripped onto the gown and I had to reach for those tissue-things to stem the flow.  STP was very apologetic, of course.In the end, the haircut was passable enough - but competent stylists do much better in a third of the time.I won't be returning to this, or any other, Supercuts location.  "You get what you pay for" has never been more true to me.  I will find a proper salon/stylist from now on, even if it means paying a little extra.I won't invoke the "zero stars" comment, because the 1st girl I had was worth one star.Floyd's 99, will you *please* open some shops in the Vegas market?? PLEASE???
3	If Angelique tells you "15-20 minutes", expect to wait 3-4 times that long.Some of the staff are good, others are barely competent. It is a crap shoot as to whether or not you will get a (quality) hair cut in a reasonable amount of time.
5	I had a nice experience here recently. The young lady,I think her name was Kara? gave me a great haircut. I will definitely go back to her. I've had my hair cut there once before by trixie.
1	Never again!!!  I stopped by to get a haircut during my lunch break and was told it would be a 20 minute wait.  After sitting in the lobby for over 45 minutes, I decided I needed to head back to the office.  I walked out of the door and left just shortly before it was my turn because all three employees were taking their sweet time and showing no sense of urgency for their customers when it was apparent a couple of us were on our lunch breaks.  One employee was cutting hair on a mannequin, the other was confused and standing around after finishing a haircut, while the other finished up a haircut.  I've been to this location several times in the past and have had little to no issues, but the current staff at this location is just not customer oriented.  Save your time and money and head elsewhere!  You've been warned!!!
4	I walked in and no one else was there so I got my hair cut right away. The lady did a good job and I was in and out fairly quickly with a cut and shampoo.
