5	What a deal - a $15.00 car wash for FREE.This was the Grand Opening weekend, and they were offering a special deal, everybody on Fri / Sat received a FREE $15.00 Car Wash.This is a new location in Charlotte located at the corner of Tyvola Rd and Old Pineville Rd across the street from Keffer Pontiac.This location offers free vacuums with every wash, and they do offer a variety of washes to choose from ranging $5.00 - $15.00. They do offer monthly packages as well, for high volume users and those who just want to maintain a clean car.Would highly recommend this location, while it is not touch free, it is very gentle on your finish.The staff was very friendly, and should you need assistance, they are readily available.Thanks for the Free Wash, I will back to have my car washed here frequently.Oh Yeah, the vacuums rock! Lots of suction, it will pick up everything that is not bolted down......the dirt must hate this place. (Just wish I had a bowling ball to test the suction like that old commercial.)5 Stars for Wiki Wiki Car WashNCFoodGuy
4	I was just driving along Tyvola, minding my own business and BAM, I saw their sign for a free $15 car wash. I immediately turned around to get in line along with everyone else who spotted their sign. Even though I got a free wash-their prices seem pretty reasonable ranging from $5 to $15 for a wash and $20 to $35 for a monthly unlimited pass. They have tons of vacuums to use right after you get your car clean, the way they have it set up kind of reminds me of a Sonic! I'd definitely go back again, for the cheap prices and the fact that when someone asks me where I'm going I can say "Wiki Wiki" -it's just fun to say!
3	I went over the weekend. Having worked at Auto Bell ("AB") during a time in my life I kinda knew what was up with washes like this. I was unable to get my ride washed do to the rims i have. (I had a feeling that would happend, b/c i've had to tell customers that back at "AB" No Biggie.. at least I had the where with all to mention that to the attendee. BEFORE THEY TRIED TO RUN IT THUR.After i brought it up, the guy said, "Yeah, you may not wanna run the car through the wash".Its all good, I was my car myself anyway.. (see my Captain Steve's review) They have a tight run ship over there @ Wiki Wiki Car Wash. Hope success follows.
5	Is it possible to love a car wash? By adding a touch screen Wiki Wiki somehow has made their most expensive wash $15. Washes are $5, $8, $10 or $15- much more affordable that Auto Bell with free high powered vacuums and no tips necessary. I opted for the $10 wash and was impressed by the vacuum and almost preferred to vacuum my SUV myself - that way I can only blame myself for any leftover dog hair.
4	Hard to believe that I missed this gem since I drive past it constantly. With nearly a thousand miles of recent road travel, this was a fantastic spot to wash the car. The machinery did a great job on the paintwork and I think they gave me a free upgrade on the tire black stuff. Free vacuums got rid of all the crumbs, sand and other nonsense that was littering the inside of my car as well.A great deal for $5.
1	Do not go into this car wash with a car without scratches, do not go into this car wash if you have recently waxed your car. The cleaning devices pick up impurities over the course of the day, week, month. 1 speck of sand will make the design impractical for newer cars. The wash will also remove wax and help you discover deeper problems. Of course they will tell you you need a polish, it was already there, it is oxidation, etc.
5	I was extremely impressed by the level of service shown on my first trip to Wikki Wikki! The manager noticed the dirt left on my car before I did after running the car through the wash the first time. He not only ran it through the wash a second time but personally cleaned it by brush and upgraded me, no questions asked! After running it through the wash again he came out to assure that it was spotless and dried my windows for me. Everyone there was extremely warm and kind, even the others cleaning their cars. I strongly recommend using this business. Even with paying a considerable amount more at other car washes, my car has never been this clean nor left me so happy post visit!
5	My friend told me about this place and I'm so glad she did!  Wiki Wash is the perfect car wash for superior results at a great price.   It's a unique wash, something inbetween full service and self service... For the budget-conscious, they have wash options starting at just $5.  The vacuums are very nice (a crevice vac and carpet/upholstery vac) and best of all, the vacuums are FREE!  This beats the ol' hold-the-sprayer-and-keep-the-quarters-coming type do-it-yourself wash hands down for price and quality.  I challenge anyone to find a more cost-effective wash.  You can't.For those who want the top of the line, their $15 wash has it ALL, but my favorite things on this wash are the paint and UV protectors and the tire cleaner and shine.  I get so many compliments about how great my car looks.I read a reviewer complain about this wash removing wax and  possible scratches.  From their words, I don't think they actually used this wash - it looks like they were guessing what might happen - they've guessed incorrectly.  I have a brand new SUV and the wash/buff process does NOT scratch or remove wax.  On the contrary, when it's done, it looks shinier than it did when I bought it.  Also, take a look at the EXPENSIVE CARS that are going through this wash.  These are people who could clearly afford to go full-service, yet choose THIS car wash.Lastly but importantly, the staff here are super helpful and attentive.  If you have specific concerns about something, ask them and they'll advise you.  I had sap and mosquito repellent spray on my hood that I couldn't get off and they put this "Thunderbolt" stuff on for me and BOOM!  Sap and spray were gone!I've been so impressed with this wash, I joined their monthly unlimited pass which gets me as many of their top of the line washes I want for only $35.  Since I wash my car at least once a week, It's a bargain and keeps my new car looking like new.  I couldn't keep my car this clean going anywhere else for this price.
5	What was already the best car wash around just got better!  I just went for a wash and found they have this new Hot Lava Bath and Carnauba wax add-on that made my car look RIDICULOUSLY good!  I know it seems odd to be crazy about a car wash, but if you love your car and you take joy in seeing it look amazing, you'll understand.
3	Got the job done!Went in for a Quickie wash and was pleasantly surprised. The wash was fast and my car looked very clean. They tape removed my magnets, and taped the back windshield wiper which I thought was a nice touch! And they have free vacuums which is a bonus! It was pretty packed for a Sunday afternoon, so the employees were a little rushed with the customer service but people kept pulling in so I think for the speed and price they can look over that. Overall my car was clean and vacuumed and for that price I can't ask for anything more!
5	I work close to Wiki, so I get my vehicle washed at least a couple of times a month to knock the Carolina elements and pterodactyl crap off of it.  I drive an SUV and it does a great job - sparkling clean and even smells good when I am done.After a quick drive through one of 3 touch screens that take either cash or a card where you select your wash, you drive to where the attendant is waiting to line you up and then you put it in neutral and enjoy the ride.  They usually use a wet brush (not brush, but whatever the window-washing equivalent of that is) to wash off my front and rear windows.  When I have purchased the top of the line wash, they also run a brush across the grill.  I have a back windshield wiper, which they masking-tape down, so that is a nice touch (the tape peels off very easily, but keeps my wiper from getting beat up).  Once a not very powerful magnet that I have on the back of my truck came off during the wash, and a very nice young man ran across the lot when my wash was done and brought it to me.When you are through with your wash you can pull around to the free vacuums that are powerful enough to suck a golf ball through a garden hose (insert dirty joke here).  It's nice to not have to stand there feeding quarters into a machine that may or may not actually work.Even with the location of a busy corner spot at Tyvola and Old Pineville, it is very easy to get in and out of the establishment. Super service, great job.  I have never seen a scratch or any types of marks or dirty water on my truck.  I have always been very happy with the service of the staff and the shiny results.
4	Do you want a clean car, have $5, and can spare 10 minutes? If so, Wiki Wiki is the place for you. As little as $5 you can get a clean car, vacuums are included. On busy days, you can get in and out (minus vacuuming) under 10 minutes. If, however, the inside of your vehicle could use a little attention, the vacuums are plentiful and you can take as long as you like. It's a short drive off I-77, near Costco on Tyvola. Can't beat the low cost and easy access for a shiny car.
4	Quick cheap car wash with high powered vacuums.It is what it is.  Great location, quick automated service, and some vacuums that really suck(in a good way).You pull up to what is basically an atm meets change machine and figure out what kind of wash you are paying for.  They have discount programs for the frequent visitors.  You're looking to spend about what you would at a gas station for a car wash.The process is quick and gets the car clean, not perfectly detailed, but just as good as Autobell for half the $.  Once out, there is plenty of room for you to touch up the exterior and vacuum the interior, even a place to hang the mats.All in all, its a great concept.
1	This establishment was dirty, and some of the staff was impolite. I will not be a returning customer and do not recommend this establishment.
5	Great car wash! It had been an extremely long time since my car had been washed and I purchased the wheel deal. Afterwards we were using the vacuums and one of the workers came over and inspected and saw that my car was still dirty so he said to come back around again. This time he put it through the works and it's sparkling clean! Thanks wiki wiki for being great and having spectacular customer service.
5	Quick, fast, cheap!  Gets the job done!Staff is friendly (and minimal so you aren't paying for a ton of overhead). The automated paying and facilities are clean, nice, enviro friendly, and quite effective in getting your car clean. Took my salty and dirty car though with the roof/bike racks and it came out spotless. You'll have to do the final Vaccum and buff/wipe yourself but it's no biggie for the basic cheap car wash.
3	Considering I've really only experiences this establishment for a few minutes at a time, here is my short review. 1. Great hours and not too hard to get in or out of. Note - can't get in on Tyvola side but can on the Old Pineville side 2. Comparable prices to other washes like this. Greenway Express is still my favorite in S. Tryon. $10 plus $1 upgrade yesterday for the "lava" which is supposed to add another level of protection 3. Thing is, on my husbands black car, there were spots so not sure everything got rinsed? It was a lot cleaner coming out than it was going in though. Needed salt washed off from WV last weekend and it did the trick
5	Awesomeness car wash..if you have the extra 4bucks get the lava! It put a wicked mean shine on my car. Free vacuums. And only a few minute wait...goes by quickly.
1	Stay away!  They will scratch up your car.  Visited this place for the first and last time and noticed tons of fine scratches on lower rear quarter panel and bumper.  Not sure if it came from the wash brushes or brushes the employees use prewash, but I'm 100% sure they came from wiki.  Stick to hand washing or pay someone.  If you have to use a wash, I'd suggest Auto Bell.
