3	We have ordered pizza from here a few times--they are one of the FEW places that does North Side deliveries.  We usually get black olive + mushroom + hot pepper pizza, and it's just okay.  Better than Pizza Hut but not life-changing or anything.Their cheesy breadsticks are AWESOME, though.  I could just eat those for dinner.  They are doughy, cheesy, and perfect.  The service has always been speedy and the delivery guys are nice.  If you're ordering online, make double sure you have your order right:  I ordered a small pizza one time on accident and called to make it a medium, and they couldn't change it for me over the phone--told me to go online and change it, which online ordering sites don't let you do.
4	We have ordered pizza from here a few times--they are one of the FEW places that does North Side deliveries.  We usually get black olive + mushroom + hot pepper pizza, and it's just okay.  Better than Pizza Hut but not life-changing or anything.Their cheesy breadsticks are AWESOME, though.  I could just eat those for dinner.  They are doughy, cheesy, and perfect.  The service has always been speedy and the delivery guys are nice.  If you're ordering online, make double sure you have your order right:  I ordered a small pizza one time on accident and called to make it a medium, and they couldn't change it for me over the phone--told me to go online and change it, which online ordering sites don't let you do.**Updating my review to add a star because we have ended up ordering from them quite often.  The pizza has gotten better, they are consistently faster than their time estimates say they will be, and the delivery guys are always friendly.
5	I tried their wings , so  wings well done crispy, juicy and good amount of wing sauce !!! So far pizza, burger and wings are excellent !!! Later I will try their other menus items!!! By the way they have huge selection of menu items!!! They deliver late night !!! That's awesome!!!!
2	2.5/5 - Buffalo Chicken Hoagie: Good flavor, nice texture with the potato fries, big, kinda dry.1.0/5 - Bacon Cheeseburger: Cooked well done (ordered rare), bacon bits, shaved iceburg lettuce.  Bread was better.2.0/5 - Breadsticks.The last several times I've ordered for delivery, it's been around a half hour late.  The food doesn't arrive hot and fresh, either.  And this is ordering at off-peak hours (2pm).
4	This place has changed our lives. Seriously! My wife and I live in Observatory Hill and I adore this neighborhood. Right on Riverview Park, quiet, beautiful historic homes, and close to everything. The only thing this neighborhood is lacking, in my opinion, is more restaurants. Sure, there are acceptable dining options 5-10 minutes away in every direction. But some times you just want fast, delicious and convenient. And to not leave the house. Until recently there was only one pizza place that would deliver to our house. One. And it's downright nasty. Right next door to the high school so that's the crowd they cater too. I'm guessing you can set your standards pretty darn low when your only competition is the school cafeteria pizza. Then, one glorious day, a menu appeared on our doorstep. Riviera Pizza and Pasta. And they deliver to our home. Worth a try! They have all of the typical offerings, breadsticks, pizza, calzones, hoagies. You know what a pizza place has. What they have that I've never encountered before is a relationship with eat24, an app that allows me to order on my iPad and magically have pizza show up at my house. Whaaaaatt?!?! I can order pizza and never have to speak to another human, and the food will come to me while I'm in my pajamas?!? Finally!! All of my dreams are coming true! It's finally a civilized neighborhood thanks to Riviera!The food is a solid 3.5 stars. The pizza is pretty good. It's tasty, cheesy, and just the right amount of greasy. The breadsticks are super yummy and we get them every time we order. We like the calzones a lot, the small one is enough for 3 servings at least. The delivery has always been faster than the quoted time and the drivers are kind and courteous. We've been desperate for a neighborhood pizza place that we actually like. Finally, the storm clouds have parted and Riviera Pizza has emerged. And we are certainly some grateful fans!
5	We ordered the Tuscan Chicken Pizza through Grub Hub, and it was very very good. All the ingredients seemed fresh, the sauce was good, the crust was good. The size XL is huge! We also had the wings, which tasted fresh and were good as well. One of the best pizzas I've had delivered in a long time. Also, they delivered 10-20 minutes before Grub Hub's estimated delivery time, and everything was hot. Can't beat it.
1	I think the other reviewers' taste buds may be clouded by their desires for a viable local pizzeria.  My food was absolutely gross and an insult to Italian food.  After ordering thru grubhub and waiting an hour and a half for delivery, which was about 40 minutes past their estimated delivery time, I received my "meal."  I ordered a Stromboli, cheesy sticks, and fried dough balls. The total came to $32.00.  The cheesy sticks were edible. But the almost $20 Stromboli had little meat, no veggies, and was simultaneously soggy and burnt.  The burnt parts flaked off, revealing a slimy, spongy, salty yet tasteless mess. It was terrible. I was refused any kind of refund.Finally, the fried dough balls basically resembled little pieces of fried chicken and had the consistency of stale fortune cookies, but without any flavor or sugar. Very strange; not edible.
