4	I am very reluctant to pay more than $50 for any show, so when I found cheap last minute tickets to Folies Bergere at tix 4 tonight, it was the perfect deal for me.The show is extremely entertaining. It starts out a little slow, but the dance numbers and costumes get better and better and the finale is awesome.  I am pretty critical of dancing and I thought that all of the female dancers were good and most of the male dancers were pretty good.  The male and female gymnasts were amazing.  The main female singer is perfect for her part.It seems like most nights, they have a later show that is topless and an early show that is not topless.  The crowd is a little older, but who cares?  If you buy your tickets at the Tropicana, I believe most of them are in the $70 range.  A little high for me, but you can seek out better deals on tickets.One last thing...The tables in the theater are a little strange.  I was expecting round tables, but most of the seating consists of long tables that are perpendicular to the stage, so you have to turn your chair and twist your body to face the stage.  If this bothers you, I would pay more for one of the booths, which face the stage and looked very comfortable.Overall, I was very entertained by this show and would recommend it to others.
1	One star for the ten minutes of old classic show girl fun that I saw..This show is complete crap compared to Jubilee.. Don't waste your time & money..If you want to see Tacky beautiful glittery sexy classic show girl fun go see Jubilee.. seriously..We saw both & Folies most have been reworked in the nineties because it looked like a bad middle school play in the nineties.. like a  horribly bland 90's version of grease.. in fact it was worse than that.. we almost left.. I couldn't even stay awake.. This can not be the same Folies Bergere that was once a classic.. this show is not even worth a free viewing unless you are really bored & really stupid....I wish we would have spent our money on booze, a feather boa & some heels because we could of made a much better show girl show in our hotel room for a lot less
1	I was so sad:  I felt like I had to see this show before it closed - I couldn't believe that the original "show girl" Vegas show was closing after 49 years.Believe it.  Sad it was.Either the dancers have given up or they haven't been attending regular rehearsals because there was zero synchonicity in the group numbers.What was really sad was that you could see glimmers in the show of what "might have been" and maybe what it once was - long, long ago.  There were several dancers that were just spectacular, but they made the other's lack of enthusiasm and/or skill just that more apparent.I left before the finale, it was just that sad.
