4	Great happy hour!  Was opening week, so understandably a little chaotic.  We hope that this location makes it, as it gives us a good neighborhood option to meet friends that isn't a sports bar!
4	First off, I'm not a big fan of Greek food.  That said, I really enjoyed my lunch here.  The location out in Ahwatukee is a nice addition to an area that otherwise lacks decent restaurants.  For lunch, they have their pitas for $5 which has to be the best deal in town.  I had the chicken soulvaki pita with fries and had a bite of the fallafel pita also ordered.  We also had the jalapeno hummus as an app.  Everything was good.  My chicken was a little dry but at $5, that's forgivable.  The hummus was very good and the fallafel was really tasty.  The food, what I tried anyway, is pretty good.  Not outstanding but a really good option for lunch or a casual dinner.  The value was terrific.  I liked the small patio seating area and the fact that the side windows open up the dining room on a nice day.  I also like the fact that the manager/proprietor sat down at the table next to us and apologized for the poor service the woman received.  He then informed the woman the server was no longer employed but that was no fault of hers and was something they knew was coming.  My only regret to the day was wishing I showed up 10 minutes earlier so I could have witnessed the incident that led to a server getting let go mid-shift!
1	Gyro Pita was a disappointment. The pita was hard on the edges and did not seem fresh. The sauce was very sour.  Do not order Greek Fries...they were old and soooo bad.  They used old Oreida crinkle cut fries The table was dirty and as I was eating, a fly crawled out from under the plate. Go to the one by Chandler Fashion or express location on Kyrene and Warner.
4	Went with some girlfriends to try Happy Hour, our server was Nico, and ladies he was good eye candy!   My friend treated us to some drinks and appetizers, I never really know what to order when it comes to well drinks, so I just got a vodka and cranberry, that my dears was a strong drink, told my friend that, she told Nico, and he laughed and said oh most complain it's too weak not too strong  it was funny, he fixed my drink and then it was perfect!The appetizers ordered where Flaming Saganaki, Hummus Trio, Greek Sliders & some Greek NachosThe hummus trio had traditional hummus; garlic hummus & smoked chipotle hummus, all of them where good & the pitas served with it were so dang fresh! I love hummus, I really liked the garlic hummus, it was a perfect blend of garlic, not to overwhelming, the smoked chipotle tasted like bacon to me and that threw me off, but I think it was me not the hummus, little bit of allergies making my taste buds wacky.The Greek Sliders where on a roll that had onion rings on the bottom, gyro meat and a melted cheese, ok these were delish! And disappeared pretty fast!The Greek Nachos was tortilla chips covered in a melted cheese, but not like a nacho cheese, it was lighter, and had like a chopped Greek salad on top of the chips with fresh sliced jalapenos, This was heaven, who would have thought, the fresh greens with the chips, omg delish!!! The Flaming Saganaki was the most impressive on presentation wise, it was a slice of cheese set on fire, pretty darn cool for a Wednesday night I say! It also was served with some fresh pita breads as well.  The cheese seemed to have a little coat of flour on it and it was a salty cheese but went well with the bread, never had the cheese before and though it to be maybe goat cheese but found out the name of the cheese is kefalograviera cheese (damn I'm in trouble if I ever go to a cheese shop to get me some, my theory if I can't pronounce it, I shouldn't be eating it haha) and it's a sheep cheese, well I can honestly say it was my 1st sheep cheese! Service was great, company was awesome, and I could see me coming back!
4	Terrific Happy Hour!Went there with some girl friends and ordered the house Chardonnay for $3 a glass- very good and worth the money.  Also the pizza salad.  HUGE and excellent.  Made for a great lunch the next day too.  The chipotle humus is a must.You simply need to try their pita bread.  It is the best.
3	This place is OK if you go in with the correct expectations. Basically it's mass-market Greek food similar to what you'd get at any other MBFGR or strip mall gyro restaurant. They go a bit above the norm with decor and atmosphere--this particular location is nicely appointed. There is a full bar and happy hour which I know nothing about; check out some of the other reviews of the happy hour. The service is very friendly.Go while you can. This is yet another place bound to succumb to the Desert Foothills/Chandler Blvd Restaurant Curse. Although, I heard that the proprietor got some sweetheart deal from the landlord, so who knows what the future holds.
3	Flaming cheese and hummus are the best. They have a fantastic happy hour but the dinners are alright. Go with friends for happy hour and you can't go wrong.
1	Cold rib-eye and warm beer is a bad combination, this place sucks! Apparently the salmon salad is really bad too, according to one of my dinner partners. We had an advertisement for restaurant specials placed in the middle of our table, but when various fellow diners attempted to order from it we were told that three of the items so publicized were not even available, which begs the question of why they would put such a thing on your table. I sent back my steak to be reheated and they couldn't even do that right. A thoroughly miserable dining experience...
4	OK so you can't beat their 5 buck lunch specials. Now don't go in expecting awesome Greek food but it sure beats the hell out of subway for lunch. Happy hour is great the service has been awesome... You just gained a star THANKS!
4	I really enjoyed it, I did get a bit spoiled from this little non- chain place I used to go to in Scottsdale whose food was sooooo good.  Having said that, I think hey have great wraps; I ordered some world famous meat and lamb plotter that was so gross I had to send it back....big slabs of lamb, disgusting.  The lamb should be shaved right. But their salads and pitas are very good and their lunches are inexpensive and that why they get the good rating; honestly the non-chains are sooooo much better, but this is close and reasonable.  Also I'm on weight watchers, and surprise surprise Greek food is extremely point friendly,
3	I went with a friend for happy hour. The food and drinks were great. We would go back for the hummus.  It was very loud, hard to talk. Service- what service. The most attentions we received was from the wonderful hostess.  The waitress was too busy working behind the bar. We would have ordered more drinks but there was no one to ask.  We had to go to the bar to ask for water and had to wait quite a while to get someone's attention for the check-started to think it was free.  Step up the service and it would be a nice place to frequent.
1	Yikes. Came to this place on a very slow Sunday. The service was friendly but very scatterbrained, the decor was falling apart, and I found two flies in my meal; one was small and climbing in and out of my pita while the other was very large and very dead at the bottom of my salad. Thanks but no thanks.
2	This place is pretty much not . good. I got take out not wanting to cook. The grape leaves were soggy and flavorless with some thin cheese melted on top. The fried zucchini was a cheese laden mushed up breaded greasy disaster - overly heavy. The falafel are huge, but dense and exceedingly over oiled...much like everything else. The only reason it gets 2 stars is good friendly service and good hummus. The Greek salad was okay, but the dressing was heavy. I felt like there was lead in my stomach after eating here. For well over a day I lost my appetite. Even the feta seemed fattier than normal feta. My house smelled up for about 24 hours. Go to Pita Jungle. it's right down the road. I'm sharing on FB so my local friends can know what waste of money this place was. The charges for this standard of food was disastrous.
2	Sorry to say that this location closed yesterday (11/05/2013). Not sure of the reason, it seemed busy when ever I went, which was not often.  It had a good $5.00 lunch.
