1	The husband suggested we give this place a try.  We like to try new places around the valley and not get stuck on one place.  We also like a good BBQ meal. Food: I ordered the rib and chicken combo and my husband ordered the smoked beef brisket and pulled pork sandwiches.  Each meal came with a side of french fries.  The ribs were way overcooked to the extent they could be mistaken for jerky.  I even tried to drench a piece in BBQ sauce to try and eat it.  Two bites and I had enough.  My husband said the pulled pork sandwich with Honey BBQ sauce was good, but the beef brisket was too fatty.  For our drinks we spent $1.25 each on a can of Shasta cola.  Yes, a can of generic cola is all they offered for beverages.  No cups and no ice to go with it.  The only reason I'm giving this place 1 star is because the chicken was palatable, french fries tasted good and the prices were decent (although not for a can of generic soda).  Environment:If you're an Elvis fan you just might like the decor.  The inside of the small shack is plastered with Elvis posters, pictures and few memorabilia. They were playing Elvis music nonstop. But, it doesn't hide the fact the place looks like it is held together by glue and staples. There is electrical wiring hanging out in the open and outlets with excess cords hanging loose.  I'm shocked the place passed building inspection (but I'm no expert in that field).  I'll be curious if it is still standing after the next monsoon.Overall, we were disappointed with Luv Me Tender BBQ and won't be coming back or recommending it to any of our friends.
4	Good affordable BBQ. They had a bunch of different sauces to have with your ribs. Drink 2 sides and rib lunch for under $10. I will have to try the tacos they have next time. Decor was all Elvis them, cool if I was older. But I eat out for the food.
3	Like Mike said affordable bbq. I got two generously piled sandwiches on toasted hamburger buns and a side for $5.50. This is designed to feed the masses not a bbq lovers dream. It wasn't bad and I would go in again but I did not fall in Luv with Luv me Tender. I ordered the beef brisket and pulled pork. Two classic bbq sandwiches so I was more than happy with the price. The problem is the meat though good quality(not excessively fatty or greasy) didnt have a lot of flavor. The bbq sauce on the table tasted like grocery store generic brand product. Mike M. below said more sauces existed but I was in a rush assumed it was a house sauce and it would be pretty good. It took a goof 10-15 minutes for my food. No one else was inside and you ordered at a sliding window similar to Filbertos. So if you live in a dale or  farEast Valley dont drive here for it but if you are nearby give it a chance.  The potatoes was also a decent sized portion and no complaints. Not exactly bbq style...it was more au gratin vibe with garlic. oh yeah they are closed sunday and tuesday. open till about 7 most nights. no fountain drinks visible but possibly behind the sliding window. owned by same people as long wongs. in the same parking lot. much smaller than long wongs. Possibly swamp cooler type cooling. not traditional a/c Tables could seat15-20 at most.
