4	I've been buying bicycles from Bike Line of Charlotte for 6 years for both myself, my wife and my two kids.  They're no pressure sales.  They have a good selection of Trek and Gary Fisher.  They are knowledgeable and have a great service plan.  Free maintenance adjustments for the life of the bike when you buy it there.   My only complaint is their hours.  I find it tough to get there during the week before closing hours.  I called them to see if they could stay just another 10 mins and they were not flexible.
4	Bike Line is at a convenient location for UNCC students like myself and is the standard type of commuter-city/area bike shop. They have mountain and road bikes and other spin-off varieties. They're an authorized Trek dealer too. They do all forms of maintenance and have various package deals. The staff is an eclectic mix of every type of rider out there.I agree with another reviewer who said their hours aren't so great. It is often hard for me to get in there in that time frame. Also, though they have a large selection of complete bikes, they are at a considerable lack for varieties of parts and accessories. But that's okay, it's obvious they cater to families, commuters and racing and mountain biking enthusiasts. Not the best place if your looking for a colorful array of fixie parts.
4	Came in here the other day to look at cycle shoes for cycle class.  Nice store and location, the one employee that was working greeted us warmly and asked us if we needed help.  Later on we had a ton of questions and he came over to the shoe display and answered a lot of them.  The bike selection in here looked pretty extensive.  I think when I get ready to drop some $$ on a nice bike I will come here to look at my options.
4	I recently bought a bike from Bike Line (about a month ago) and the salesfolks were great - letting me ride the bikes through the parking lot, letting me get a feel for which I preferred. After I bought the bike, they encouraged me to come back in about a month for a free tune up - and after the month was up, they contacted me via email to remind me that it was time and to bring it in.  This alone is impressive, since they make no money off of the tune up.  I brought the bike in, and it was done within 24 hours - again the service was great - a few of the guys that work there love their job and it really shows!  If you are in the market for a bike and live in the University area, I definitely recommend Bike Line.
5	I do most of my own work, and usually order parts on line.I was recently in a rush to get my bike fixed for a weekend, so I went by here on my lunch break.It's hard to find a shop that has mechanics that will ask you the right questions about your bike and give you the right part.  Most times they'll just sell you any old part to get you out of their hair, or tell you that you'll have to bring the bike in.I will definitely be going back.
3	Mostly gone here to "shop around" and price certain bike items:  cycle shoes, helmets, and other gear.  It's a fairly big store with a staff that seems pretty knowledgeable.  I asked a couple of questions and got them answered, but I've never made any purchases here for some reason.  There have been some occasions where I came in (would be the only one in the store) and it was hard to get my questions answered since the staff was busy working on bikes.  It's totally understandable, but a little off-putting at the same time.  When I did "interrupt" them... they seemed a bit ticked, but still begrudgingly helped me out.
4	Hands down the best deals in town for bikes. I have purchased two bikes there in the last three years. Both times I went to what seems like every bike shop in town. Bike line is not the biggest shop but they tend to have the most closeout bikes and the best prices on bikes. Their inventory is not massive but they do have a decent selection. Personally, I do not think they have a good selection of accessories. However, I usually buy mine online for much cheaper anyways. I found the staff to be very knowledgeable, friendly, honest, and professional.
5	I recently started looking to get into riding and had a ton of questions. I worked with Tom and he was awesome. He took me through all of the types of bikes and tried to find the one that would work for me rather than just try to sell me the first $1000 bike he could.  I went back in today with some follow up questions and he was just as helpful.The store itself is very nice and well stocked with a variety of equipment and clothes. I will definitely be back.
4	My husband purchased his Trek from here. It's a mom and pop's bike shop with good service. Also with the purchase he got a bike plan that he gets the bike checked every so often. Not 100 % sure about the details. Went in with my little one but they only had 3 different bikes for her it was pink treks I found them too pricey, but I guess that's standard for that brand. Overall a good place with good service and knowledgable staff.
5	I wanted to let folks know how satisfied I was with the customer service interaction I had with Thomas regarding at Bike Line with the re-build of the drive train on my Lightspeed.  From start to finish he was a great asset to me as I worked my way through the options available in regards to which components to settle on.  His assembly of the package looks absolutely first rate and I've been very happy the test miles I've put on it so far.  It all speaks to the overall ambience of Bike Line and why I think of it, amongst all of the other choices available to me here in Charlotte, as my bike shop.
1	My husband purchased a bike from this store for me and it is to big.  They will not let me exchange it, so I will be going to one of the other bike store's in Charlotte that allow you to trade in bikes.    I would recommend the staff not sell a bike if the person who is riding it is not present.  Also, they should have a better exchange program.  I think there customer service is horrible.
1	I bought 2 mountain bikes from Bike Line last April. The older gentleman there was pretty helpful. He didn't try and up-sell me on any extra stuff. I was told to bring in our bikes about 30 days after using them to get a free maintenance done on them. I came back into the shop around 40 days since we didn't use our bikes as much and because of driving distance and available time. The guys at the front gave me a hard time for bringing our bikes in a little after the 30 day mark, which I thought was very rude. They went ahead and performed maintenance on the bikes, which took them about 2 days. Once we brought them back home and eventually rode them out on trails, I noticed that one of our Trek bikes was making weird noises. This continued to happen every time this bike was rode on. You'd think a newly maintained bike would have no issues and would ride perfect, but no. A couple months later I bring in both bikes back into Bike Line to have another free maintenance done and to fix what that noise was. The guy helping us was trying to explain to us what was going on in a language we didn't understand. In the end, we were told that my gf was not using the gears right and nothing could be done. But why weren't we having these issues before they touched our bikes the first time? We agreed to have them perform maintenance and true the wheels. They told me (Sunday) that we could come pick our bikes up on Thursday. We were 2nd in line to have our bikes done so i don't understand why 4 days was needed to get this done. The employee refused to let me leave one bike at the shop and take and bring back my bike back in on Thursday. (I planned on riding trails 2 times before then) Poor customer service I have to say. I won't be bringing our bikes back here or purchasing anything else.A friend of mine has also had issues with this place and has recommended me to go check out Get In Gear Bicycles down the street. www.getingearbicycles.com/
5	Was in town for a couple days and needed a couple things for my new bike plus some minor adjustments. They adjusted it for free and had a great selection of accessories. Def recommend this shop!!
5	I recently purchased my first road bike from Bike Line and if I could give them 6 stars, I would. I have ridden mountain bikes for my whole life but decided earlier this year that a road bike might better fit my needs. I knew this would be a big purchase for me so it was something that I really took my time with.  I visited many different stores in the Charlotte area and tested lots of different brands of bikes before I ended up purchasing a Trek from Bike Line.I really cannot say enough good things about the experience I had at this store, specifically working with Mark. The first time I ever came into the store, I was not quite ready to start test riding bikes yet. He still spent over 30 minutes just talking to me about the different road bikes they carry and which ones would fit what I was looking for. I really appreciated this because some other local stores were not as helpful.Throughout the next few weeks, I stopped by Bike Line several times to test out a few bikes as I narrowed down my search. Mark was patient with me as I was trying to figure out what I wanted. I really felt like he ultimately wanted me to find something I was going to love. I finally decided on a bike this past week and he spent over 2 hours helping me pick out accessories, pedals, and shoes, and learning how to clip in and out on their trainer.  I love my bike and I appreciate how helpful everyone in Bike Line was to me.  I would highly recommend the store to anyone!
