1	Pressure!  Upsell!  Upsell!  These guys do a good job with a car wash.  The gas here tends to be a few cents more\gal.  I used them for an oil change as well today.  Never again.  1st off, I have a company car that is administered by a fleet management company.  I pull up, pull out the fleet card.  "Do you guys take this?"  Hand card to guy.  Looks it over.  "Yea, we take this one."  Turns out they don't & I get dinged for $20 for going out of network.  Thanks.  For this the manager comped my $20 car wash.  And I had to spend 10 minutes hassling with them when I was already snarky from running the UPSELL GAUNTLET that you are forced to endure for 15 minutes which I detail below.This is the second Danny's I've been to and I'm ready to try another car wash.  I don't need to be hounded by not 1, not 2 but 3 different people trying to sell me:-repair of a small crack in my windshield.  I've got it covered, thanks.  I have a guy I use for that.  No, really I don't want it done today.  No, I don't care if it will only take ten minutes.  No.-replacement of said windshield.  No, I'm good.  No, I don't need someone at my house or office tomorrow.  No.-When is the last time you had your power steering fluid changed?  No.  No.-Your transmission fluid...No.  No.-The fluid in your differential...Do you know what a differential is?  Wow.  Talk down to somebody like they are ignorant about cars.  That's a great selling technique.  Yes, I know what a differential is Mr. Mensa, do you know why cars need a differential?  To push the wheels with the transmission?  Yes. Very good.  Did you know the wheels move at different speeds when your car is not traveling in a straight line, Mr. Mensa?  No.  No.-This is your air filter.  This is your air filter on dust.  Whatever, put it back.  No.  No.-When is the last time you had your radiator flushed?  You should know that blah blah blah.  No.  No.  A thousand times no!If you've been to a time share sales pitch-that's the sales tactics going on here.  No thanks.  I'm sure that my $30 oil change could easily have become a $400 sale.  No.
1	If I could give negative stars I would. I will NEVER, EVER go back to Danny's Family again!! For years my husband and I have been going to Francis & sons, but I was in a time pinch so decided to go to Danny's. I was unhappy w/ my one previous experience but decided to give them a second try. Next time, I'll drive the extra 7 miles to Francis and Sons!!First, when you pull up, they really push hard on their sales pitch. To the point of where you can't even get a word in to say no. And when you do say no, they don't take that for an answer! No should mean NO! This was the 2nd time I got an attitude when I didnt' want to upgrade to their BS services. I asked them to vacuum out my car seat because there were crumbs and was told they would. Lo and behold, the car seat was full of crumbs when they told me my car was ready. After telling the guy about it and him barely understanding my english, it literally took 5 minutes to try to get someone to come and vacuum the crumbs. If I was blind I could have cleaned the inside of my car better. My passenger window was spotted and the middle counsel where my gear shift is was so dirty that I had to wipe it off with my Huggies wipe. Finally a guy came back and instead of vacuuming the car seat, sprayed it with those high pressure air sprays they use to get the excess water off the exterior of your car. So the crumbs just basically flew everywhere in the back seat after that.These people are pathetic there, a complete waste of money. Soon, this will catch up to Danny's Family.....the way the treat their customers. I hope they all go out of business soon.
1	This is the worst car wash I've ever been to!  The first time I went I hated myself for tipping the car washers after I drove off and realized what a crappy job they did.  I paid for the VIP wash and ended up getting the half assed wash.  The dashboard hadn't been wiped down, I could see a large area of dust that could have easily been cleaned with one wipe.  The outside of the car still had dirty areas on the doors and back of the car. I'm crazy about having a clean car and this place is really convenient so I actually came back a second time.  It was worse!  Again, I paid for the VIP wash and you couldn't even tell the carpets had been vacuumed.  The exterior looked as good as it does when you go through a Circle K car wash.  Ugh, this place will never get another dime from me.
4	We like to bring our vehicles here and get a vacuum and wash. They don't do as good of a job as I would do myself but I just don't have the time to do it myself anymore so this is the next best thing. I hate that they always try to up sell me on a detail or shampoo but once you get past the initial salesman it's an ok experience.
4	I bring my car here all the time, and they do a far better job than the Cobblestone at Alma School & Germann. This time was special though. I bough my car at a nasty car dealership who so graciously stamped those dealer stickers on the back of my car. Not wanting anyone to see that, I removed the sticker myself which left the adhesive still stuck to my car.I asked the guy at the very beginning if he could get it off, and he wet his rag with gasoline and wiped my car. All seemed fine at the time, but after the wash my paint in that area looked totally ruined. I didn't notice until I got home, but went back a week later and spoke with the manager.The manager was SO NICE and helpful, and had a detail worker come buff out that area of my paint, making it look brand new. No questions, no fuss, just FIXING. In my opinion, that's how all businesses should be. If you screw something up, I expect you to fix it. If you don't your consumers will hear about it.Danny's Family gets 4 starts from me!
4	This is my go-to gas station since I prefer Shell gasoline, and it's close to my house.  However, more than just a "gas station" they actually have friendly customer service.  A few weeks ago I put air in my tires and was told by a friendly employee that they would be happy to do that for me, free of charge. I was almost finished, but thanked him for the tip.  Today I needed air again (weather change!) so I walked up to the service bay and a really nice guy was happy to help me.  Not only did he put air in my tires right away, he gave me some really helpful information and advice on keeping my tires safe and in check.  I reached for a few dollars to thank him for his help, but before I knew it he was finished and heading back to his post...not expecting anything for the great service!  Top notch if you ask me!I've also used their car wash service, and for the "VIP Package" it's reasonably priced, around $18 for the works.  The only complaint I have is that they didn't wash off the wax writing they put on my window to indicate the type of wash/scent, so I had to scrape it off when I got home.  But I didn't feel pressured for an upgrade or window replacement, so that was a nice change.  Otherwise, I think Danny's deserves great remarks for service with a smile, and a genuine desire to help!
4	Always a good job cleaning the car! They try to up sell you but that comes with the territory and you can always bargain for the price you want!
1	If i could give negative stars i would. I had the worst experience EVER at a car wash this morning. I was pretty excited to do something special for my brothers birthday, i was trying to surprise him by taking his car in the morning to get it washed and vacuumed. When I got to Danny's the sales guy talked me into a fully interior detail job. It was a little expensive ($99) but the car really did need a good once over so i went with it. I specifically asked him how long it would take, to which he replied an hour to an hour & a half. This is where it all went wrong..........I was stuck in that stupid lobby for over 3.5 hrs. When I went to check on the status at the 2.5 hour mark, the girl at the register didn't care what I had to say. She interrupted me by explaining that I had misheard the gentleman in the beginning, and that no one would tell me it would be that quick. (NO i didn't misunderstand anything in the beginning, I asked because I also had to work today and needed it done quickly.) The wash was just a typical wash job, nothing bad or good about it.The interior was vacuumed and the dash was wiped, although I did have to ask the guy to do the windows again because I am pretty sure they missed them all together the 1st time.  It took forever, and they had MORE than plenty of time to get everything done - then again, maybe not. Customer service was horrible, management did nothing to fix my frustration while I was there. I am officially bugged that I gave them another chance - last time took longer than they said as well.  Which means, I'm done with Danny's.
1	Don't go here unless you want your identity stolen! Only do business with these folks if you're paying cash and don't mind a crappy car wash!They were recently raided by federal agents and several employees as well as managers were arrested for identity theft.The Arizona Republic article is shown below.http://www.azcentral.com/news/politics/articles/20130817arizona-dannys-car-wash-ice-immigration-raids-phoenix-brk.htmlIf I could have chosen negative stars I would have done about a minus two and that is being kind. I took my car there on a Saturday morning at 7:30 when they opened. I was just going to do the regular wash but the salesman talked me into the $150.00 "detail" with the following promised:Clay Bar Wax Job (Hand Wax)Lenses BuffedInterior DetailedShampoo CarpetsRemove Bumper StickerThree hours later I called to check on the car. They said they would call me back. They never did. I then arrived to pick up my car (already late for another appointment). It was parked at the pickup area so they were already "done" with my car. Sadly, the only thing that WAS done on the car was the interior detail. Even the carpets were left unshampooed! No wax job. Bumper sticker still there. Lenses still unbuffed. I was unhappy and told the salesman there of my displeasure. He ran around trying to find his manager. Long story short I had to leave with the understanding that I would come back when I have more time for them to do the job they should have done in the first place!After leaving I realized that the carpets hadn't been shampooed either. I checked online about this company and guess what I found out?THEY HAVE AN "F" RATING WITH THE BETTER BUSINESS BUREAU! Their customer service in my case absolutely sucked out loud. I contacted the store wanting a full refund of my money. They said the manager was out. I came by the store and they called out the managers David and Jack Edlund. They crawled all over my car trying to find proof of the wax job. They couldn't. Then they offered to give me half of my money back. I refused and they walked away from me. I then filled out the online complaint form for Danny's corporate office. Danny Handon is the owner of the corporation. They never returned my complaint even though it said clearly on the site: "For Fastest Response Please Fill Out The Form Below". What a joke! Five days later I contacted Corey at the corporate office (he wouldn't give me his last name) by phone and here is what I was told:"All complaints are handled by the local management for the specific location and not by the corporate office." I asked him what happens when I can't get satisfaction from the local manager. He said that was all he could do for me. This company wasted my time and my money and is clearly not interested at all in taking care of their customers when they have issues. STAY AWAY FROM ANY DANNYS CAR WASH LOCATION UNLESS YOU WANT TO GET A SUBSTANDARD WASH WHILE PAYING THROUGH THE NOSE!I'll be contacting the consumer protection agency with the state DA's office to file a full complaint. I'm also contacting the BBB to file the same.I gave them three opportunities to make this right and they blew me off each time. I sincerely hope that this rating saves you time, money and aggravation! I only wish I had checked them out thoroughly before doing business with them.
1	Went here for the first time about 6 wks ago, looking for an oil change and a detail. A guy who looked like he just walked out of prison approached me and tried to upsell me a RIDICULOUS package, $249 or so dollars for a flippin car detail and engine steam clean. I said NO. I told him i could get my house cleaned for $100. I am just looking for an oil change and basic car wash, nothing fancy. Still, wanted me to pay a hundred-something and I said NO. Finally, for $99 I got my car detailed though it was the most I have ever paid for a detail. I waited over two hours for everything to get done and of course one of the greasy mechanics tried to get me to replacec a few things on my car and I said I have a garage I use, thank you. And guess what-that evening a huge dust storm and haboob came, dirtied up my car. Complete waste of money. It makes no sense to pay for any fancy outside wax and detail during monsoon season. They tried sucking every cent out of me. Next time I will try Classic Car Spa.
2	I always go to Danny's; however I go to the one in N. Scottsdale. This is the first time I went to this location and I was not satisfied for a few reasons.Once I pulled in, one person told me to leave the car so they can take it from there, but then once I started walking away, another employee told me to stay in the car until I get to the vaccumm location. The other issue was that my car got cleaned, washed, etc; however when I went to get the keys and get in my car, I noticed there was a lot of dirt/grime still on it. I had to point out places that anyone who can see would have noticed it. The employee did clean the spots, but by that time I just wanted to go. I pulled in a nearing parking lot to inspect my car and then found that they didn't clean the inside of my doors, and the worse part is that my entire front bumper was still dirty, along with an enormous amount of dry water markings. I Honestly don't thinkthey even touched the entire front bumper of my Accord. Needless to say I didn't have time to take it back around because I was already running late for work. I'm not sure if I am just used to the quality of the N. Scottsdale location because they do an amazing job, or if this was just a bad 1st time experience. Either way, I will not be going to this location again simply because of the experience and lack of quality i got from this location.
1	This was my first time here and it was a deplorable experince. I do not take kindly to being scolded like a teenager over the condition of my car. It's MY car and I will fix what needs to be fixed when I can afford to do so. I went in for a car wash and an oil change and nither were up to par. The car was was horribally done; the exterior was left streaked and water pooled up on my rear bumper collecting road salt that was just washed off. But worst of all, they skimped on my oil change! When I checked my oil outside Moab on my return trip home not even 24 hours after my change, I noticed they only filled my oil to the minimum level! Just as bad was the badgering I recieved as they tried to sell me a detailing, and this fluid change, and that inspection. This went on from the time when they took my car to when I got it back. I was also scolded over the condition of my air filter. Yes I did drive across "half of America" asshole. Thanks for noticing. Other minor complaints- my driver seat was adjusted for the 30 foot trip to the wash, my bumper was scratched, cashier was rude, made to pay BEFORE observing the work that was done, no one lets you know when your car is finished. NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN!
1	they look for stuff wrong with your car that isn't when their changing the oil. and they never really clean it al that well either
1	I just moved here from California a year ago and this place is near my house so I figured I would give it a try since I can also get an oil change.  From the beginning they have done less than ok (the gas station car wash is way better), but it's easy so I just kept going.  This time I have a new car and had to go up to the mountains so it needed some love.  I didn't have time to go anywhere else so I bit the bullet and paid the higher fee ($20) and made sure to explain the specific things I wanted.  All I can say is nothing like having to Windex your glass when you get home five miniutes after a car wash.  They put so much crap on the dash and steering wheel I have had to wash my hands every time I get in and out of the car.  I have officially learned my lesson and will be searching Yelp for a better choice no matter how far I have to drive!
1	An employee at this location stole an iPad from our friends car, and they will not come clean. Valuables policy or not, this was brazen, desperate and wrong. Boycott this location.
2	I thought I'd save some time to stop here to get my car washed while out running errands. I have a four door, compact car used for minimal commute, so the difficulty level was easy. While they did a good job on the outside, despite missing one wheel, the inside was a disappointment. Obvious garbage was missed, even though there were litterally 3 pieces of trash. The wipe down in the front seat area was alright, but they didn't do anything in the back seat except the doors. They even missed the rear dash. The biggest failure was the vacuum job. The salesman (I wouldn't call him a customer service rep because he was very pushy on upgrades - although I paid $4 extra for each rug to be shampooed), said I would just have to pop the trunk and they would vacuum it. But they didn't. They didn't even close the trunk as they passed it through the wash bay, nor at the end. My four floor mat rugs turned out nicely, especially in contrast to all the dirt and particles left behind after their floor vacuum. I suppose it was my fault for being in a rush and not checking the end result, but I assumed they had someone on staff to check their work before sending it back to the customer - my bad. Or maybe I should have obliged and spent the ridiculous amount for an upgrade. Well, I'm on my way to the gas station around the corner to finish vacuuming my car...
3	It seems like a lot of people have had really bad experiences at this Danny's Family Car Wash, but my experience was pretty alright.  Nothing out of the ordinary - good or bad.I was actually on my way to Hobby Lobby to make a wooden headed bass drum mallet for a performance of "The Firebird" (but that's a different story) and was thinking about how I needed to get an oil change the entire drive there.  There was a gas station my wife and I used to go to when we lived in Las Vegas that did an oil change and a free car wash and I was wishing I could find something like that in Gilbert.  As I pulled into the Hobby Lobby parking lot I saw Danny's Family Car Wash that also had an oil change area.  That was exactly what I needed.I dropped my car off with the vacuum guys and told them that I needed to go over to Hobby Lobby for a few minutes.  The guy told me to go to Hobby Lobby, go to McDonald's across the street, go and see a movie and when I got back they'd have my car ready and waiting.  I did my shopping, came back over, and my car was done with it's oil change and on its way into the wash.  The wash took about 15 more minutes which seemed a little long, but it was what it was and it got done.  I was pretty satisfied with everything and had no complaints.Another review mentions that they had an iPad stolen out of their car by the employees at this car wash.  I had a set of drill bits with me in the car and (even before reading that review about the iPad) decided not to leave it in the car unattended.  I would never leave something valuable in my car while it was going through that many areas and being inspected by that many people.  It's not that I don't trust the people at the car wash, but I don't trust the people at the car wash.  I wouldn't trust leaving expensive things in my car no matter what oil change or car wash I was going too.  That's why hotel rooms have safes in the rooms; hotels don't purposely hire people who steal, but people do steal so don't leave your expensive items alone if you don't want them to go missing.I had no complaints with this Danny's Family Car Wash location and will most likely go back for my next oil change/car wash.
1	Paid for VIP wash, got very crappy wash. Half a** vacuum job followed by uncleared tires, uneven dash dressing, dust in corners of dash, and couldn't get a manager to respond for 15 minutes. At finishing area was refused a manager. Will not be back here again, ever.
2	Every time I go there things get worse. They hard sell on the front line and if you say no the price changes. Basically they  will overcommit to any service just to make the sale...On the back end they under deliver and claim ignorance.  I have tried to support these guys since they opened but I think i am going to make a change for the better. I mean how hard is it to wash a car?
1	DO NOT PURCHASE A PREPAID DETAIL FROM THIS LOCATION. Took my vehicle here for a car wash and salesman was pushing a detail package which I explained that I did not have the time to sit for two hours and wait for my vehicle. He reassured me that they are really slow right now because of the monsoon and I could bring my vehicle back anytime if I were to prepay the detail that day. I agreed and the next Saturday called at 2:30 pm (They close at 6pm) to see if there was time for me to bring my car in just to be on the safe side. The person that answered the phone said they were no longer accepting prepaid customers for that day. I explained that the sales rep said I could bring it back anytime and asked if it would be best that I bring it back next Saturday morning.  She explained that I could but I would have to leave my vehicle there all day because I prepaid. I asked if I could then schedule an appointment and she said no that it was first come first serve for prepaid customers. So basically if I were to drive down there right now and buy a new detail package they would be able to get it done but since they already took my money they are treating me as if I am less than the customer that does not prepay. I usually only write positive reviews on Yelp and if I have had a negative experience I try to give the business the benefit of doubt but after reading other negative reviews involving the same bad business practice I feel the consumer needs to be warned.
1	Wish I could give it a zero but unfortunately i have to give it at least a one star. This was the worse car wash I have ever received and when I brought it to their attention they still didn't fix it. It was so bad they would have had to do it all over again. I purchased a groupon deal for 3 washes but I will never go back.
1	i went in for a oil change and wash. so i went shopping across the street when i got back my truck was in the parking lot next to them i saw a lot of dirt and streaks it took almost 10 min. to get someone over there to fix it it was still never done right but i had to go i think there going for quantity not quality.
1	I would rather wash my car, by hand, in the 118* Phoenix heat than endure another experience at this overpriced, high sales pressure, and insanely slow car wash. Danny's is a rip off in every sense of the word. Overpriced- $15 for a basic wash? You're kidding, right?! Nope. They're not. That's the basic wash nowadays. If you want them to actually wipe down your dash or an air freshener, expect to pay more.Oh- which brings me to my second point: high pressure. God forbid you truly JUST want to basic wash. The sales dude can and will try every up-sale tactic there is in the book. And finally- after you finally sell your first born to pay for the wash, and manage to get away from the pushy sales dude, expect to sit. And wait. For a long, long time. I'm actually typing this while watching my car sit. While the workers chat and screw around. I came Thursday for a wash- it took over 35 minutes start to finish. And thanks to the lovely smattering of rain Friday, I'm back. It's been 45 minutes. Shoot me now.Please- entrepreneurs of the world-- we need a REAL, clean, fast-paced car wash on Gilbert. You'll have a litany of excited customers anxious to leave Danny's!!!
1	I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy! I didn't complain or write a negative review when I saw 2 of the employees smoking marijuana near the gas pumps or when they sucked up my cup holder mat in that past but this last time was just too much. First off..the "upsell' at these places is more annoying than any car lot I've ever been too in the past. If you only want a wash, stand-by. The pests, aka employees, will make you feel like trash when you repeatedly deny the stupid add ons they seem to think are mandatory for every car. Just read the other reviews, so many horrible opinions of this place can't be wrong.After dodging the "wash advisor" for several minutes they take my car. When I get it back it's almost worse than when I brought it in. I guess I did just order the $20 VIP wash (w/ hand wash which was an extra $5) and not the super duper ultimate blowout experience they offered for $150, but c'mon..learn how to do the one thing you're there to do..wash a car. After driving 10 feet in the parking lot I stopped, and fortunate for me stepped out and checked the "work" these guys did, I notice this extremely poor job and complained. This created a huge scene of pointing fingers at one another and failing to take the blame. The wheels were filthy and hadn't even been cleaned or treated. That's when I notice my custom valve caps on my wheel missing (value = $20). This in turn caused another complaint which brought an individual someone referred to as "the manager" over to me. This guy stood next to wheel for about 10 seconds, says "oh yeah I see what you mean" followed by "we're not doing anything about this, my guys don't unscrew and steal these things." Absolute worst customer service and way to handle something like this I have ever experienced. Also, after dealing with the so called manager I noticed a spider web which had stuck to the side of my car prior to the wash was still there. How does a full service car wash, that charged me $25, completely MISS a white spider web on the outside of an all black vehicle?? Good work guys. Make a long story short..if you hate your car, love HORRIBLE customer service, high prices, annoying employees that try to sell you things you don't need, and don't mind missing some things that were in/on your car when you initially pulled in than this is the place for you. If not...AVOID!!!
1	Horrendous. One guy scrubs my wheels on one side of the car while the jackwagon working the other side chats up another employee, completely neglects his side. Then at the finish, the girl does a total slapdash job and touches NONE of the wheels. On the side that got neglected at the start they were embarrassingly filthy, can't believe she tried to pass it off as "ready!".  Sorry Danny, never again. Service was weak in previous visits, but this was off-the-charts lame.
1	I have had maybe one or two decent experiences at Danny's in my lifetime (I'm pushing 50).  Not just this location...all over the valley.  I hadn't been to a Danny's in years due to how bad they are but then I saw a Groupon for 3 Works washes for $25 so I thought that maybe, just maybe they have improved.  WRONG!!  None of their employees can seem to clean the inside of a car correctly.  They can't vacuum or wipe down anything decently.  I saw them use a towel to wipe down the hinges to my lift gate and then use the same towel (now with grease and who knows what else) on the two spots they actually did wipe down on the inside of my vehicle!!I was so upset by the time that I left there that I won't be using the rest of my Groupons.  It is not worth the stress and the wait to have them re-do it again and again.I really can't believe that Danny's is still in business.  I can tell you that I will never waste another dollar or a minute of my time at a Danny's car wash.
1	Terrible! Had to take car back twice to clean wheels. Asked for "the works" and they didnt even wipe down the inside. The workers are lazy and it took an hour for them to barely clean the car and when I went back to ask for them to wipe it down again, they gave us attitude.
2	I would avoid this place. Gave them too many chances, they did not improve. - It took 6 guys driving my car to get it through the wash, pulling and tugging, they did not know how to start the car or release the push button hand breaks- Even after walking around the car at the final inspection, there were lots of marks and spots on the car, on a car that is 10 months old- One time after running it through the VIP wash, had to take it back again because of all the spots they leftOf the three car washes in my area, they are ranked last. I will drive a bit further and get a good car-wash. this is not worth the aggravation. When I called and tried to give the manager Juan some feedback, he did not take it very well. Another reason I will not give them my business again. I will take my business back to Cobblestone, worth the drive and much better customer service.
1	Never never never again. Not only will I not return here, but I feel compelled to steer others away from this place.Initially I had taken my car here a few times for the standard car washes. I was usually neutral towards the job. The car would be "cleaner" but definitely not what I would consider "clean". Smudges on the nav, screen, dust everywhere, windows would be streaky. I was never thrilled with the results but it was very conveniently located and not terribly overpriced.I took my wife's car in to get detailed for her birthday. She has a very large SUV, and they quoted me at $250 to do their top tier interior/exterior. They called me back saying it was "complete" three hours later. I showed up and the quality was atrocious. It looked like it had not even been touched on half the places, dirt everywhere, wheel wells were dirty, hatchback was obviously ignored. Couldn't believe how poor the quality was. I walked around with a guy and showed him all of the spots they missed, so they gave it a second go. A few hours later it was only marginally better, but nowhere near "detail" level. I decided to take it up with contacting the management. After reaching out several times, I never got any response. Will definitely be filing a BBB complaint.STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!!!!!
3	Gonna go three stars here. Very hard to find a good car wash. I got what I paid for today. If it wasn't for the early bird special I would be disappointed. I will try again but will still be in search of a car wash that is willing to do just a little more than the rest.
1	This place is horrible . Had to wait 55min for a works car wash then my car still looked like crap so they went over it with the spray bottle and towel. Inside of my windows were not washed and then the kept my keys and I had to go back to get them. I had my spare set in my purse that's why I was able to start the car . I complained to a manager and they could care less and blamed it on their new staff . He claimed they were "the top rated Danny's in town " I wanted to say I would really hate to see what a bad one looks like . Avoid this place and save your money !!!
1	Terrible. Had the car for eight hours. Couldn't find the key when we got here --luckily we brought an extra. Was supposed to be a detail and wax for 90$.  It still had bugs on the front end and the interior was not clean either.  There were swirl marks from the buffer that you could see once the car was in the sunlight.  Total lack of attention to detail.
2	This place used to be really good.  Now, it's like they really don't give a crap.  Message to Danny's: you are in the business of washing cars, NOT selling crap like birthday cards and floor mats.  Focus on getting the vehicles clean (inside AND out) in a timely matter and you will rule.  Why no one has been able to do this is beyond me. See pic.
1	I've came here several times and EVERY TIME its not dusted, washed and vacuumed all the way! and their slow. Seriously, its waste of your money. I get so annoyed when they come by where I work to sell coupons. I tell them their services are not worth my money.
1	Germann/Gilbert. Go somewhere else to spend your money.  Yesterday I paid for the "detail" and left my car with them all day.  When I was called a closing time to pick it up, the bottom 25% of each tire was not treated, parts of the trim we're not treated, several areas were the buffing compound was still visible, grass and dirt still in carpet in rear of Tahoe, hand written instructions left on window,  and the center consoul in rear seat not touched.  I could go on, but I've already wasted too much time on these guys.  If I were a member of Danny's family, I would be embarrassed.
1	I went yesterday for an oil change and wash. The staff locked the keys in the car and blamed me because of the auto lock. Then scratched my window using the slim jim tool to unlock my doors. Spoke with the supposed GM this morning, Ted, and he was extremely rude and unwilling to assist with my problem. I asked for his title and his bosses number and he refused to give me. I called and made another complaint and now they tell me its going to the VP, however they will not give the name to this person. Not asking for much just wanted my money back from yesterday and someone to acknowledge that Danny's was at fault.
1	Danny's Carwash, you just lost a customer. I spent a ton of money back in August to get a detail on 3 cars. Had 2 done, but mine wasn't done at the time because we needed it to get around. So it was just washed. Took it back the following month to get the detail and was told they didn't have time that day to do it. Bring it back, they washed it again. Took it back a 2nd time, same thing, 3rd time same thing, but they said, bring it in by 7:30 am. 4th time, brought it in at 7:30 sorry, we do not have time. I told them I have already paid for this, you told me to bring it in by 7:30, which I did, now you are telling me I needed to make an appt! I asked that last time I brought my car in and you told me you didn't take appts! so they took my car and told me to pick up at 6 pm. Got there at six and there was dust all over, dirt in the wheels, tree debris in the windshield well that was there when I brought it in, and they blame me for not picking it up earlier! Told them, you told us to come back at 6. Needless to say, they had to wipe down the car again as we pointed out all the flaws. We did get our money back. As I was driving away into the sun, I couldn't see out of my windshield because they sprayed something on the inside of the window, but they didn't wipe it down, so it was all spots. NICE JOB! Oh and no tire dressing at all. When we pointed that out, he said it soaked in.  I had new tires, it wouldn't have "soaked" in.  Basically all I got was a cheap car wash.This was at the Danny's @ Gilbert & 202! Oh and the manager kept saying this was a good car wash for free. REALLY! I had to ask myself if I heard that right, NO IT WASN'T FREE. and I would have gladly paid if it was detailed as I paid for. They had my car for 10 hours, is my time not worth anything?  They need to think before speaking.  I am wondering what was supposed to be included in a detail, no wax, no tire dressing, no treatment to the dash, no leather conditioning, no extra detail paid to anything on my car.  What is sad is less than a year ago I would have given them 4 or maybe even 5 stars.
1	I've gotten the regular wash over the years and it's been fine but got talked into prepaying for a detail. Well it took 3 trips & a talk with the manager before they "fit me in". Please please trust me- don't ever get your car detailed there!!! HORRIBLE job- they hadn't even cleaned the windows. The ac vents were covered with dust, the mirrors were spotted- sprayed but not wiped & it just looked dirty. Plus I waited 3 HOURS!!! Never ever ever again.
4	Best car wash I've had in a long time. Looks like they finally got some good folks on board.
1	Wish I would have reviewed this place before going! Terrible unfriendly service!My year old could have done a better job washing my car.. Paid 60$ to have my floors and seats cleaned and looks like all they did was get them wet.When I confronted the man about it he had a total attitude, I stood around for 10 minutes while he went to get a rag to "fix" my issues.Needless to say I ended up having to clean the inside of my car myself when I got home.
1	I wanted to wash my car myself and my boyfriend said absolutely not take it to Danny's and get a VIP wash. What a mistake, I wasted my afternoon doing that rather than taking an hour to make it spotless myself. They did nothing no vacuum no windshield not even a wipe down, he literally threw a air freshmen on the seat and tried to send me off. So super pissed I drove back up and said this is terrible redo it. I just think it's unprofessional to do a crappy job to begin with, you have 100 people working right now this shouldn't be an issue. I will never come back here.
5	Soo, the other day I locked my keys in my car. This is the only set of keys that I have and I couldn't afford to break a window or call a lock smith. I'm stuck. So I called Danny's Car wash to see what tools the use to get into the car in the case that they accidentally lock keys in a car. I was put on the phone with one of the Managers and he told me what it was called and asked me how far away do I live. So I told him my cross streets. It's about 3 to 4 miles from there. He said "if you meet me on the cross-streets you provided we'll come save the day"This made my day. Sure enough I met him on the cross streets, and took them to where my car was and within 10 min he had my doors open. Thanks for going above and beyond BARNEY and ADAM! I appreciate that. I will be in for my oil change in about two weeks! This may not have much to do with car washes itself, but you see the type of people that work there. Fantastic job. Thank you!
1	Bought a groupon since my favorite (cobblestone auto spa) hasn't had a groupon in a while. I did not like the experience and they should call themselves a car dirtier because I feel my car was more dirty than when I brought it in.
2	This was not a good experience.  I went there last week to get an oil change and a wash, mostly because it was nearby where I was.   I was hit up by three different sales guys trying to up-sell me on my car-wash, detailing and oil change. They were relentless and would NOT take a hint when I was trying to get away.  The windshield guy went on and on about my impending doom if I don't take care of the horrific pitting and chips on my windshield that I had previously not noticed.  You would think his children were about to be sent to an orphanage if he didn't get the sale.  Then the oil change guy, after telling me it would be $59 for a synthetic oil change informed me it would be $5 extra because my car used the canister type of oil filter.  Aren't those fairly common?  Everything about the experience was pushy and impersonal.  I'll never go back.  They get two stars instead of just one because nothing was damaged on my car.  I reserve the one star for worst  of the worst, and this was bad, but they did wash my car and change the oil.  And why is it called a Family Car Wash?  It's not like uncle Jeb was vacuuming your carpet while cousin Elly was working the cash register and then Grandpa gives the old "y'all come back now" as you leave.  Every business owner in the city has a family.  It should be called "Danny's Super Aggressive Salespeople and a Few Guys That will Wash Your Car".
3	The girl up in the front is very nice and helpful. But my car wasn't as clean as it should be.
1	I'm probably stating what's already been said here, but please... When I'm paying nearly $20 for a car wash, I expect it to be at least mediocre, if not good. This place blows. Water spots all over the glass, carpets barely vacuumed, and literally no dust or wipe downs on the inside whatsoever. I've come twice, won't be coming again. I shouldn't have to whip out the vacuum and Windex as soon as I pull into my garage to clean it myself. I have enough shiz to clean, yo.
1	Fail. I didn't even get past the hard-sell guys at the front. The guy was such a jerk about my failure to choose their paint protector that I said forget it and left. As I was leaving, he said, "I was just trying to school you in wax." Really, Walter White? I didn't even bother arguing with this failure of humanity.The guy said carnuba was melts at 86 degrees. Yes, it does melt at 86 degrees. CELSIUS! That's about 187 degrees Farenheit. So, as soon as it gets to 187 degrees out, their salespeople will TOTALLY be right.Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else. Suggestion: Clean Freak. You might have to do it yourself at Clean Freak, but I promise you'll do a better job.
2	I probably won't come here again. Tire dressing left my rims drippy. They skipped my wheel well conditioning altogether.  wash included console dressing, but I found myself dusting off most of it by hand. I had to point at multiple spots of dirt that they missed, to multiple people due to language barriers.
2	Ever since the illegals bust, the quality has decreased substantially.  They've had very high turnover as well.  I definitely don't go back there very often and it's too bad as the location is very good for me.
4	Amazing customer service the last 3 times I have been in here!  From the car line not being too long, to the cashiers, to the guys washing the car, they have all been amazing! The onlyReason I took a star off is because the actual wash isn't amazing.  Some spots here and there and interior could use a clean up.That is management IMO about wailing craftsmanship.  Most employees will only work as hard as they need to keep their job.  All that being said, I will be back, strictly for the customer service being ROCK star!
2	Crappy washes, crappy detail service that I was stupid enough to purchase.  What else can I say!  They are really slow if it is the least bit busy.  That's about it.
1	If there was an option for zero stars I would give this place that. Wish I had read the reviews first! Horrible place!  They did an aweful job on our minivan and when I asked them to ensure they vacuum out the van they tried twice and still missed everything in the third row seats. Please don't waist your time (there for over an hour) or money at this place!
1	Don't get me started on this poorly ran car wash. It took over an hour and fifteen minutes when quoted 25m. When I went to ask about this I had to wait for the manager 15m to approach me, and I never did see him before our car was done. While we stupidly waited, others drove off due to lengthy process. Then they had to ask if we wanted a car freshmen which we had already specified!
2	While they tend to do a decent job most of the time, the management of the flow of the cars is terrible. I was here before 3 other cars and they were done before I was!  Efficiency is every bit as important as quality of work.
1	I've been going here for years.  It has really gone downhill fast.  Since when ? Since the ICE bust.  The new employees are slow, don't care to work that hard, and really don't do a very good job.   Not trying to turn this in to an opinion piece one way or another but fact is, these are the types of jobs that young gen Y'ers just don't want to do.
1	Are you kidding me? $170 for a car detailing package, what was done to my car exactly? Looks like a $20 quick brush. No joke, my car is returned to me dirty, I feel I was defrauded, this is NOT A DETAIL. This is horrible, hands down the WORST business I have done business with in my life. How the heck is this place still in business? Can't imagine anybody comes here once, and decides to actually come back. I'd imagine any review of this place better than 2 stars is fake.
1	Save yourself time and aggravation and go somewhere else. Spent over two hours waiting for spot clean on vomit and a VIP wash. After first run through in car wash found dirt clearly visible on rear bumper and quarter panels, floors not vacuumed and some of the interior not dressed. They also locked my keys inside. WTF? When all was thought to have been done the spot clean I originally came in for was not done. Waited another half hour. Left very unhappy and with my time wasted.
1	Terrible attitude with employee at register. I've been here twice and both times that I've dealt with her have been unfavorable. Today when I went in for a scheduled detail, that she arranged, she argued with me that I had not made an appointment. Not once did she smile or make me feel welcome. Her bad attitude shows in the way she uses the intercom. Also, both times I have had to have the car re-vacuumed due to their lack of attention to detail. I will not be returning.
1	My car was due to be ready at 2. It is now almost 6. I kindly asked ONE time for an eta and was YELLED AT AND CURSED AT in front of a crowded lobby for all to hear. Then the mgr justified it by saying that the detail tech has been under a lot of stress and walked away. SHOCKING. Danny's has lost another loyal customer. Anthony has a MAJOR anger mgmt problem. And his mgr Jordan appears to be totally fine with his his employee treating women (or anyone) that way.  These people are scary thugs.
1	Gave Danny's the opportunity to correct the poor wash job the did on my wife's Yukon and they weren't able to deliver.  Poor customer service and same poor results.  Never again!
1	Used to be a premier place for a car wash. Now I'm not sure it is worth the time. Slow, sloppy and really nothing like it was a year or so ago. Prime for a new name and new ownership. It needs help.
1	for the first few years this place did an awesome job cleaning all of my vehicles. However about 2 years ago something changed and they started understaffing, under stocking the lobby and the entire staff became lazy....why did I come back again!? I must've forgotten. stay away unless you are desperate.  such a shame
1	Sadly, I cant give 0 stars.  I have never experienced such poor service.  I paid to have my car detailed.  I dropped it off yesterday at 9am and they told me they would phone me when it was finished.  Low and behold at 6:15 I called to find out that they closed at 5:30.  I then phoned the convenient store.  They told me they had the keys.  When I arrived I found my passenger seat soaking wet, the back seat had never been washed, the writing that they put on the window was still on it,  they left a sponge in the back of the SUV,  and from what I could tell in the dark all of the silver on the outside of the car was spotted.  I left the car there after speaking to the convenient store manager.  He said he would leave Mike, the car wash manager, a note to call me first thing in the morning.  Well at 10am I phoned Mike and he was too busy to talk to me.  I asked for the corporate office number and phoned them.  I left a detailed message for the GM and was assured he would call me.  At 12pm I phoned the store again and Mike was too busy to speak with me again.  I then phoned the corporate office and I was assured the GM would phone me immediately.  AS OF 12:25pm 27 hours later I still don't know if my car is ready to be picked up because no-one at Dannys can tell me.
1	The quality of service and car wash has become absolutely horrible at this location. Plus they have the highest gas prices in the area.
1	Just moved to Gilbert and this is the WORST service/wash I have ever had. Yes ever. First the guy tried to upsell me and got an attitude when I said no thanks.Second, when the pre-rinsed it the guy sprayed it with the pressure wash for about 3 seconds, lightly scrubbed one wheel and moved on.When they were "finished" it looked worse than when I brought. At least when I drove in the whole truck was dirty. Now, I approach the vehicle and I see about every 4 inches is clean followed by the same dirt I came in with.I made a comment to the guy and he was irritated and then started making comments that the guys inside screwed it up and he "shouldn't have to do this.' This place should just call it quits and file bankruptcy. I wish there was a 0 score.Every friend and family member told me not to go here but I didn't listen - lesson learned.
1	Complete ripoff artists I wish I had checked Yelp before being ripped off here. They will lie to you to get the sale and not provide services requested and overcharge.  AVOID!!!!
1	Very slow service and they never wash ALL the windows inside and out. I have to ask them to clean my inside windshield every time.
1	Worst place for a car wash ever. Drive up was easy, did notice that it was a little busy and expected a wait. However after about 1 1/2 hours later and  watching 5 cars that came after me even after 30 minutes after me they got their cars completed way before mine was even started. Granted I don't have the nicest car to be washed but I do tip well. The car in front me was being worked on by 3 people. Finally when that car was complete I just got up and told them to give me my car (they hard just barely started), they are done. The guy quickly was apologetic, i'm not hearing it. Their queue system is horrendous and they seem to prefer nicer cars over others. I guess its the stereo typing that they will get well tipped by a Mercedes then a toyota corolla. The staff also are all joking around  unprofessionally and talking while they slow down to converse. I will absolutely never ever go back to this place again.
1	I used to think this place was awesome, but the quality of their washes has gone way down over time.  I will admit that I usually get the $5 exterior wash, but I still expect the car to be relatively clean when it's finished.  The past three times I have gone there, the car was covered with water spots and the people drying the car just lightly ran a cloth over the car and considered it "clean."  Needless to say after the third time, I called and complained.  I explained what happened and all I got was a "Well, sometimes our employees aren't the best."  They did nothing whatsoever to try to fix the issue.  Not a "sorry" or anything.  Needless to say, I'm going to a better car wash now.
1	I got to Dannys Family car wash at 11:20 today.  It is 12:45 as I write this and my car is still not finished.  I did not order a detail or anything out of the ordinary, just a "Works" car wash.  This place is SOOOOO SLOOOOWWW.  I've been coming here for way too long, I swear this is my last time.
