2	Snow Village looks good on their website... but it was a real disappointment when I visit in person.Located inside Parc Jean-Drapeau with an admission of $13 on weekdays and $17 on weekends is kind of pricey for what they offers. Basically what it is just a couple of rooms in a huge igloo with a different theme...I don't know who in the right mind to be staying in a room made with ice.. and you even have to go to an outdoor portable washroom.. the package starts at $259 per person!!! The igloo chapel though really nice... pretty neat if for a wedding with a reception at the ice bar. A winter wonderland wedding...Make sure you wear great winter boots that have good traction if not you going to slip and slide everywhere.... Or you can get one of those sleigh and push your friend as fast as you can and make him scream!
3	Well, based on the review before mine, I must not be in my right mind because staying in an Ice hotel has been a long fantasy of mine. I, love, the cold and ice is just enchanting. I couldn't stay at the Snow village sadly, and my review is based on a visit only.Here I was patting myself in the back, thinking I was so smart to go in the middle of the week when no one would be there! Parc Jean-Drapeau is obviously neglected in the winter, and I didn't think myself so smart trying to find my way around what is basically a huge, uneven skating rink. This is not the place to be if you are carrying a stroller or have mobility troubles. After propelling myself from one lamppost to another, looking really un-canadian, I found the Snow village! ...Is that it?!I guess the weather is to blame, awful plus-zero crap weather, but the ice used for the outer shells of the village isn't so..fresh-looking? The igloos and the rooms themselves are really cute, some include 4 beds, others 2 or a huge single one, but all are customized and themed which is great fun. What annoyed my a bit was the apparent absence of staff: I have questions! For example: if I want to stay the night, where do I put my belongings, given that the rooms have no doors? While it's fun to visit during the day, that entails that, if you book a room, you can't occupy it! You can integrate your quarters starting 9:30pm and should have promptly deserted by 8:00am the following morning!! 0.0 I'm all for discipline, but this is Sparta!! I admit the only thing to do in your room would be to chill (literally) but maybe some un-iced rooms or lobbys could be useful? As a side note: I believe a night in your own private igloo costs around 130$ and not 259$ as previously mentioned.
1	After spending a night there i can guarantee you that i will never come back! Sure the for 250$ per person i can sleep to nicer hotel in Montreal but i was willing to try new experience! Wow was i wrong to try it!First when i arrived at the front desk at around 6pm. There was only 2 person in front of me and 2 clerk but i still manage to wait 20 min to get serve... I was then told that i would have to carry my own sleeping bag to my room through the forest which was at least 10min walk. Then i was also mention that my room would be ready for 9-10pm and i would have to check out at 9am! At that point, i was very disapointed and wanted to cancel everything and just go home sleep but it was too late. After visiting 2-3 rooms i realized that every room are pretty much the same so i did not bother wasting my time visiting other rooms. The ice bar is okay but was empty so i just took a drink and left to the ice restaurant. Food was worth what i was paying for and sitting on a ice bench is very cold. even with my winter wear my ass was freezing. At 8 there was just nothing to do at the site than just wait to get to your room and sleep.Once i got into my "suite" a nice smelly sweat odor was in the air but we are surrounded by ice/snow wall what can you expect...The night was probably one of my worst night ever.Having to sleep in a midget sleeping bag was awful.I'm 1.80cm and 170lbs and i really had a hard time getting in and when you do manage to get in you will not be able to move more than 3 cm. Needless to say that i did not sleep well and i was very glad to get home.The next morning, a complimentary breakfast was given. I was very amazed that for a 250$ a night per person someone would expect to receive at least eggs and toasts! I can assure you that the eggs,bacon,ham were not there. Only bagel and toast was available...Anyways, this was a one time experience for me. After talking to people that went there they pretty much have the same opinion than me. Overall opinion?Excellent idea but poorly executed.Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
4	I thought this place was quite cool, granted this is the first time I've been to the Snow Village and experienced something like this.It wasn't like how I imagined it from the website, but nevertheless, the ice sculptures and art works are quite impressive. The ice chapel, ice bar and ice restaurant stands mostly in its own igloos. The chapel is smaller than I expected, but the ice work of a heart is certainly romantic. There are more people sitting at the ice bar than the restaurant, as amazing as it is, I would be a little discouraged to eat cold dishes in the cold. But the bar serves drinks in ice cups, which is quite a fancy sight.There are a few separate tunnels that hosts the different hotel rooms, most of which has its own unique theme. Most of the people who are just touring (like us), peeked into each room, whoa-ed and woo-ed while taking pictures. I really don't want to spoil any surprises, but they have everything from super heroes to angry giant apes (*wink*). There are also some fun surprises outside, with an ice slide, the mascot, and an ice man going around offering ice and ketchup on a plate.We got the groupon deal of $18 for two on the weekend, which is pretty nice for an unique entertainment. I was really darn cold by the time we spent a hour there - since I had to take off my gloves to take pictures. But it was really gorgeous and quite some beautiful art.
5	The snow village was so much fun. It was definitely a spectacle and wonderful to see all of the detail that was carved into the snow and ice. I spent many hours peeking into all of the rooms and suites and loved having the warm up room to go into when my feet got cold. I definitely didn't dress for the cold, I went to check it out thinking that it would be much smaller and have a lot less excitement. Next time I visit, I would be sure to wear good winter boots! I capped off my afternoon/evening of visiting the snow village with a couple of drinks at the ice bar. It was so fun inside and you were able to see into the restaurant. I would love to dine at the restaurant next time because the smells from the restaurant were tantalizing.There was a big snow/ice slide as well as dog sleds that were fun for families. I went to the bathroom trailers and was pleasantly surprised at how clean they were and BONUS! they were heated to at least 80 degrees (even warmer than the warm up tent). I loved my day trip to the snow village and would love to stay overnight sometime.
2	this is a review from during their 1st yeari visited the village right before the grand opening in 2012. i was excited to see something really awesome. did it met my expectations? yes and noyes because the sculptures were something to behold even though the chapel wasn't done when i was there. went through each room and looked at the details they put in. that was the interesting partno because besides looking at rooms and maybe paying for a night, there was nothing else to do. they had a restaurant as well as a bar but outside of those, no activities whatsoever. i'm not the kind of person who'll stand there, drink in hand and talk. if i'm going to do that, i prefer in a warmer cozier placethey decided to not open for the 2014 season because of a lack of funding. they may never open again. the premise of the village is great but the execution is lacking. it needs activities to attract the crowd or at least, get them to come back. not a lot of people enjoy freezing their butt offhopefully, they'll get the necessary funding so they can re-open and continue to offer something interesting during winter but i hope that they'll offer more than just a drink with a side of butt freezing
