4	Mint Hill needed another good place to grab a bite to eat! I've stopped in here a few times now. I've got to say, the meatball parm is fantastic! Nice crusty sub roll that gets baked in the pizza oven which also helps melt the mozzarella cheese. The meatballs(great flavor) are cut up into pieces so they are more manageable and the marinara sauce is kind of chunky w/ tomatoes. I guess that's what you get when everything is homemade. It's affordable too. $7.00 gets you the meatball parm, chips & a pickle. Not bad for lunch. I'm looking forward to trying more of their menu.
3	Mint Hill is definitely turning into Pizza Hill. Three places specializing in pizza just a short walk from each other, to say nothing of other places not far away (Bellacino's, Pizza Hut) and still others that don't specialize that may offer it from time to time.Regardless, Pizza and Beyond Express suffers on two fronts. One is that their pies are woefully small compared to Big Guys. The two-slice special at Pizza and Beyond is barely closing in on a single slice at Big Guys. But size doesn't matter, right? The other issue is the layout. Pizza and Beyond is just in a really strangely-shaped spot in the building.In good news, they benefit from the comparison to Hawthorne's, who is probably their closest rival. They are almost on top of one another. Hawthorne's easily has the nicer place, but the staff there just stinks. At Pizza and Beyond, they seem generally happy to see you (if you see them - see the comment about the layout). And the pizza is better too. Now about the size of the slices...
4	I stopped in for a light bite one day after visiting the UPS store next door.  My food was very good and I sat outside on the wall in the sun and enjoyed it.  I went back about a month later for lunch and got the lunch size chef salad.  Perfect size and just filling enough.   I have been back several times.  Love it!
1	I ordered some Stromboli and all I got was bread for $8. Where is the filling? very disappointed in what I got . If you plan on staying in business in this town with 2 other pizza places you have better do better then that.  Pizza is over priced to begin with but you should get your moneys worth.
5	I've been eating lunch here since July 2012.  My initial experience was very pleasant and the food was very fresh and tasty!  Since then I've been eating lunch here Tuesday through Friday.  I've also had breakfast on a few weekends.The staff are always prompt and courteous.  I've grown quite fond of them since I'm there so often.  Jeremy, the chef is a super guy.  He always makes sure everything is to your satisfaction and beyond.Since the new owners have taken over the food is still great.  They are also quite nice.  As with all businesses transitioning from one owner to the next, things will take a little time to gain momentum.  Let's welcome the new ownership and wish them complete success.   I believe this place will be around for many years as an icon for Mint Hill.
3	This place isn't that bad.  It appears to be a new location near the Red Bridge golf club.  My chicken cheesesteak was pretty good.  The bread was decent ( which is big in my book) and the chicken was shredded just the way it is supposed too. Service was good and I will definitely go back and try the rest of their food
4	Morgan's Pizza and Beyond in Mint Hill is still my favorite lunch destination during the work week. The new owners are in the process of a few menu changes. I am looking forward to try any new items. I have never been disappointed with any item on the current menu. The staff are still friendly and personable with every customer. I am happy to say even though the ownership has changed this is still my favorite lunch place. I enjoy the fact every dish is made to order. The ingredients are always fresh. If you enjoy a nice crisp salad for lunch you should try this place. Hats off to all the staff and the new ownership. Keep up the great work!
1	Terrible pizza.  I can buy a better pizza at HT.  Staff is very unfriendly. I don't see why this has so many stars.  Nasty is the word to describe the unsavory taste. I would rather drive 15 miles to Wolfmans Pizza.
4	Pizza and Beyond Express is under new ownership.  The new owner was really nice when I stopped in for lunch.  I got the chef salad and it was good.  I have not tried any other foods yet.
5	Under new ownership. The new name is Morgan's Pizza and Beyond. How does Yelp update this?
