3	Another reincarnation of a gastropub at The District!I stopped by during their soft opening phase. The decor focuses on a chandelier grouping that is a bit tony but doesn't scream upscale.  Its a poker bar but I don't think anyone was playing.  The menu includes a number of "board" selections priced at around $10-12. Speciality drinks are similarly priced   and include the typical hand crafted cocktails that are gaining popularity.  I also saw Moscow Mule cups at the bar so that is promising! Nice outdoor seating area to enjoy those cool Green Valley evenings.
3	Went to have dinner at lucielles and seen this was open.Come to find out it is the same group as park on freemont, commonwealth and blvd cocktails. Let's start with the food. We tried a few things since there was four of us. The server informed us since it was our first time that we should try the devil's eggs and we did, delicious.  Also tried the octopus one of the best that we have tried, sweet, crispy, soft, tangy, and all good. Chicken skewers sauce was a really good peanut butter sauce, chicken was dry but flavorful. And the server got us the chicken wings from next door, same owners, a bit weird when you think of chicken wing because they were breaded, but must say I will be back for those, best I have ever had. The heirloom and buratta was so good but the presentation wasn't to hot, but hit the spot in flavors, recommended for sure. Ceasar salad is really good again just presentation not the best.  For mains we had a few to share. Raviolis are really good, almost as good as B&B. Lobster fettuccine it is really good flavor wise, just not worth the portion... this isn't the strip.The hot pot is crazy good and not a dinner item, but is was great to share with entrees. Wildmushroom risotto, hard to find risotto done right, but they do. Again though, not the strip. I know it's risotto and it can be heavy but it looks like a side plate. Flavor is spot on, bright and creamy. Desserts, yes the desserts. Wait not much to choose from so we did the doughnuts, key lime pie, banana split and...wait that's it, the while menu? Oh well the key lime is good and tangy. The doughnuts are redic,  moist cake d - nuts with kaluha frosting and cappuccino gelato, very rich, a must share dish, ask for the coffee and doughnuts. The banana spilt well, it's a banana split, looks cool but nothing crazy.  Service, well all I can say is that it's new? Server didn't know too much, shame on management.  Either for no training or letting on the floor with no knowledge. We were looking at the meat and cheese platters but he didn't know what was what or what was on there? How do you sale what you don't know. Table wasn't cleared was sat with dirty dishes in front of us for a long time. No refills on water until asked. No wine knowledge. Luckily we know about wines from our places of employment,  and a small but decent selection.  Mixed drinks, don't ask because they don't know what is in them. And neither does the bartender that boasted she was here at the prior place that closed down, which we tried one time ages ago, presidio I think, horrid, vomit, no service and we said this place was doomed, hate to say we were right. Anyways she had no idea what was in the drinks, she had to look in books and ask people and they really didn't know. Again a shame. Back to the server, he was really nice and gun ho, so point for that. But come on opening bottles and food knowledge is a must as a server. As for the restaurant itself. Start with the entrance, uh where is it. Haha. We walked right past it came in through the open patio doors and had to ask where to go? Confusing. Patio is really nice LOVE THE FURNITURE.  Lounge is cool and the dining looks like the lounge with bigger furniture. But very cute. Bathrooms, thank god my phone has a flashlight. Too dark for a rest room. The men's must be the same as my boyfriend said he couldn't see the toilet. All in all, good food, service needs work...alot. try not to let it become the neighborhood dive bar that is was prior. Locals will want more value, but also take it to consideration that you don't get food like this off the strip or outside of summerlin. This is a first for henderson.  Anywhere else I wouldn't have given three stars. Food and server personality saved the lucky stars.
1	I e-mailed and received no response.  I called and got a confused young woman who could not tell me what would be served if I arrived at the "24/7" spot at 7am.  I stopped by at 2pm on a Saturday and found a truncated lunch menu, entirely indifferent service, and a space where only two other individuals sat.  I left.  What's the over/under on this place?  I say 6 months, and I'll take the under unless the PR folks can hand feed some positive press.
5	Wow I don't know why the reviews are bad. I loved it! For any Phx people, I think it's a lot like Windsor on Central. The vibe is cool...nice big patio, mismatched chairs, vintage-rustic style...I think it fits in well with The District without being cookie cutter. The drink menu is creative and varied - exactly what I expected from the owners of Park, Commonwealth, Blvd Cocktail. We sat outside, but I'm sure if you're at the bar, the 'tenders would be happy to make you anything your heart desires....or suggest something better! In addition to cocktails, there's a reasonable beer list and a wine list about 30-long. I appreciate the thought put into the wine list and hope to get a few local selections added to the beer list too!I didn't look too closely at the food menu, but we got a couple apps: the charcuterie board and the fried calamari. Both were very good. The calamari seemed softer and more tender than the usual fried stuff. My main complaint would be that we got a HUGE chunk of blue cheese on our charcuterie plate, but no other cheese. I would be much happier with small portions of 3 cheeses. Just a suggestion!Service was great. Quick, friendly, made great drink recommendations. It's a little too pricey for everyday ($12-15 for drinks and apps), but I love having a cool place nearby where I can bring visitors and even the kids. We'll definitely be back!
5	Amazing food and atmosphere. Octopus is to die for. Great addition to Green Valley - nothing like this on this side of town. I hear the new brunch menu is awesome. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.  Great cocktails as well
1	Let me start by saying this venue is beautiful and has a lot of potential. However, if I ever return or recommend this place to anyone, it's because the staff has been either replaced or retrained. I've been here twice. The first time wasn't terrible but there were some things that bothered me. I had a table outside with some friends but went to the bar to grab a drink. I asked the older brunette bartender about some wine. She did not know where any of them were from. Ok... If there was a big wine list this would be understandable. But there were maybe 20 wines? I ended up ordering the riesling which was delicious. I ordered another glass with our server outside but when I got the second glass it was a completely different wine and in a champagne glass. (and no, it was not a champagne). I had to go back to the bar and get the right wine with the bartender who was hitting on my friend.  Because the venue was so beautiful I decided to try it again. While enjoying some drinks a man offered to buy my friend and I a drink which we accepted. After bs-ing for a few we decide to get our check and leave. Well, the same older brunette bartender put the mans drink and his entire parties on my tab. I tried to get her attention multiple times but she was distracted by her phone. I ended up paying it and leaving, it was not even worth the extra trouble. If you like being served by someone who knows what they're doing, stay away from here.
1	We arrived excited and hungry, the decor was nice but very cookie cutter "trendy Vegas" set-up. We noticed plenty of room inside but the hostess told us it would take 40 minutes to sit inside or we could choose to sit outside and get seated immediately so we chose outside, 10 minutes later a couple arrived and got seated in one of the many tables inside meanwhile we froze outside. We ordered almost immediately but waited over 45 minutes to get our extremely salty cup of seafood risotto and lobster fettuccini that had a little over a teaspoon worth of lobster In it. We noticed a group of people get their food faster than we did and they had only been there for about 20 minutes. Overall the food was bad and pretentious, overpriced and under portioned. Will never return. Places like this are taking the joy out of eating out.
5	Please.. Don't let those negative reviews fool you.. this place is amazing! Upon walking up the venue, you're met with their gorgeous patio - very whimsical and botanical.. a la, Alice in Wonderland. Feminine and regal. Once inside, I was promptly greeted by a hostess whom after pleasantries, asked if I wanted to sit inside or outside.. As much as I loved the outside, I chose for inside. The decor didn't disappoint once inside either. Large, beautiful chandeliers hang over their bar..Mirrors on the wall.. They have a cozy lounge area to one side and formal dining seating on the other. After being sat, a server quickly came over, very personable and pleasant.. went over the menu with me (it's about 6 or 7 pages so I thank her!).. told me her favorites and why.. described in detail.. (fast forward.. I ended up getting all her recommendations.. she completely took control of my dining experience and gave me the best possible one at that!) Any questions I may have had, she knew the answers to, she was very knowledgeable of the menu and the venue. I ordered the Lipstick Collar for my cocktail.. and let me just say, there aren't enough words in the English language that can describe my love for this drink. It has a basil infused rum, salted watermelon water and fresh cracked pepper. Very complex, but also VERY delicious. As per her recommendation I started off with the heirloom tomato salad (kind of similar to a caprese, but SO much better).. for my entree I went with the petite filet. The filet was cooked perfectly and everything was just so tasty! I did end up passing on dessert (because I opted for the liquid dessert route lol).. but will definitely be coming back to get my hands on their banana spilt! Can not wait to return!!
5	Ok....my new love. As I have said before we work in an upscale restaurant at the Venetian, we eat at every new trendy spot here in throughout LV. I don't know how this place has been knocked on food but oh my this places is delicious.  We have came in for lunch, late night after work and dinner all to die for. Let's start with lunch. It is a small menu and not a big chain driven menu, yeah. But this is what smart restaurant owners do. Start small  and build, make it right, but people out here in Henderson don't understand good food. They are driven by corp spots out here cheesecake,  claim jumper, haha all a joke. The BLT was beyond expectation, needs to be a little cleaner, but it was great with the pork belly. Devils eggs again yum...sums it up. The burger classic knife in the bun but the flavor  with the house pickles and sauce better than any burger I have had in vegas , but you should offer the addition of bacon. Corn Soup Is Really good. Just needs to be a touch bigger, but the face bowls are cute. Brunch...ok we came in two weeks in a row. Again small but great and very well executed. The croque was my first love, the server suggested. And my company had the duck hash and french toast with peaches (which was not presented on the menu) ), but much appreciated.  We have had the egg white omelet this was nice and light for a change. And all of my favs were the bennys. I can begin to describe the diverse flavor from the crab to the cod, and the pork belly was sooooo good. This is my hangover spot, but suggestions on the brunch drink variety. Dinner...both times have been Soo good. Chicken, lobster fettuccine,  ravs, and ny steak. Service well it needs attention still. Servers don't really know all items on the menu yet, or drinks for that matter. We have had good and Mediocre service here. The blonde at the bar Christy and Asian girl  are great and attentive. The tall bald guy is really good and knowledgeable.  The dark haired one still doesn't k now any of the drinks....uhg! Paul is very nice and trys to satisfy all our needs and does great on up saling. But over all for a local spot this is the spot for us. Make this place work because we don't want to stop coming.
3	My husband and I came here for date night.  We were immediately drawn in by the decor--outdoor velvety sofas, a very lounge-looking bar area with lighting dim enough to seem candle-lit, and amazing stemware, chandeliers, throw pillows, etc.  The menu was perfect--fresh, seasonal, just the right number of starters, mains, and desserts  For ambiance and menu alone, this was definitely a 5 star place.So why, on a Friday night, was it not more crowded?We soon discovered---the food, drinks, and service all fell short.  The service was prompt and our server was kind and helpful, offering up her favorites and yet not being too pushy.  I ordered a beet and endive salad which was described as having both nuts and goat cheese.  My husband got the corn soup.  15 minutes later, our food was delivered to the table by a busser / kitchen staff who looked panicked he was going to drop one of the two dishes. The salad had not one single nut and I kid you not--less than 1/4 teaspoon of goat cheese.  The goat cheese was so minimal, I started to wonder if perhaps some had been dripped onto my plate by mistake.  I tried to flag down our server to let her know, and she was nowhere to be found.  Later, when she asked how the food was and we let her know, she mentioned that the goat cheese is just supposed to be a schmear.  Really?  Because I've had garnishes bigger than that dot of cheese.  $11 for lettuce and some beets?  No thanks.    In any case the server said she would take care of it, which we assumed would mean she wouldn't charge us for the salad or comp us a drink.  Wrong.  When the bill came, we had been charged.  When we pointed it out to her, she kindly took it off.  She also apologized and mentioned that she had not known the kitchen brought our food out.  She also told us the beets would be purple and not orange because that's what the kitchen had told her.The drinks were equally disappointing.  If you are going to market them as craft cocktails, and price them as such, then I expect something special.  These were anything but.  They tasted like something served at a frat party--thrown together, not well chilled, and served in the same chunky goblets as our water, which completely killed the craft cocktail vibe.  I would have even settled for some over-priced hipster ice or an amazing garnish, but nope, none to be found.  At $8-$12 a pop, you are better off just heading over to Hank's for their half priced martini happy hour. All in all, this place has tremendous potential.  But with a small menu and $$$ prices, they need to get their act together.  Finally--some heat lamps on the patio would likely have gone a long way toward garnering some additional patrons, which by the looks of the place, are needed to keep this place in business.We are willing to give this place another try, and we really hope to give it 4-5 stars at that time!
1	Wow.  Super disappointed. Marginally edible food. Poor service. (Minimal understanding of product or preparation). No chance of a return.  No one running the zoo. No welcome, no thank you, no fu...just a big check for food most of which we left on our plates. Didn't think this could be worse than Kennedys. I was sooo wrong.
2	We experienced overpriced and underwhelming entrees that included the smallest portioned and most watery Seafood Rissoto with the tiniest of muscles and clams we've ever encountered. The Sea Bass was dominated by the taste of olive oil, although a quality piece of fish, and was too small for the price. Our appetizers, Tomato salad and Endive and Beets salad, were pretty good - especially the former. It took too long for entres to arrive while we had to remind the server about our second and side dish. Don't expect to see a wide beer selection. We won't go back.
5	What a gem this place is. A bottle of Justin Cabernet $34?  Prisoner wine is only $10 more than the liquor store?  Great beer selection, outstanding service and amazing plate presentation. This place is such a cool hangout and decorated so snazzy. Great place to have in green valley. Menu prices are very approachable. Food quality top notch Wasn't 1 dish there I wouldn't order again. Everything was outstanding and I can't wait to return!  I posted pics of all the dishes I had. Didn't leave one bite unfinished!
4	We stumbled across this new restaurant/lounge the other day after lunch. Such a FAB vibe!! Even empty it's waaaay cool. From the chandelier collection over the bar, to the really great painting, wallpaper graphic? on the back wall. Someone took some time & EFFORT to create this space that much is clear.   So last nite for a GNO we headed for Whisk~ very buzy for a Thursday and this is a huge space so I was happy that business is going so well for a new restaurant.    We sat at a hi top table that could seat 8/10 people, although we were 3, others were at the table and were perfectly welcoming. The menu is also creative, we started with a Cheese & Crostini appetizer. Nicely presented with candied walnuts, blue cheese, white cheddar, honey comb, strawberries, blueberries & raspberries, a fig jam, crostini a and a cheese that we couldn't ID, but tasted good. *a nice touch would have been for our server to go over the selection when she brought it, just a thought!  From there we sharedthe Mushroom Risotto . Simply DEEEELISH & the portion was GIGANTIC!!!! so perfect for sharing . The dessert was a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!' Sounded wonderful chocolate donut with cappacino ice cream. The donut looked like a day old from Albertsons and was tasteless the other donut looked like a cake donut but had an odd glaze(?) on it. The entire plate was ODD! DEFINATLTY THIS PART OF THE MENU REQUIRES RETUNING!!!!!!    The drinks are WONDERFUL  a nice menu selection of cocktails & wine & beer  options too.  DEFINATLY will go back and recommend you check out this "new" addition to the District.
5	New favorite brunch spot in Green Valley!! Brought my little boy here and he loved the bacon and eggs. My bagels and lox was delish. Sat on the patio. Great place!!
5	We've been liking this place for our Saturday lunch! Good salads and great service.
4	I was excited to see another business take over the spot that Kennedy's held. The decor is what won me over initially and I couldn't wait to try the food. (Fingers crossed it would match the amazing atmosphere)..... Whew! My octopus appetizer was delicious, as was my boyfriend's corn soup (yes, we shared... Kinda. I ate his and he thankfully wouldn't touch my yummy octopus) the heirloom tomato and burrata salad was perfect and his southwest chicken salad had a surprising kick. We will definitely come back again.... Most likely for brunch, which I hear is delicious! Very happy to have this little gem in Henderson!
5	While looking for a place to meet a date, I stumbled upon this new addition to The District. Being that it is from the same people who created Commonwealth et al, I figured it would be worth a shot. At least if the date went bad I could at least check out a new place in town. I must say I was quite impressed and will definitely go back.This location has been a few establishments over the years. None of which I ever felt the desire to go to though I'm sure they were great. This new "speak easy" trend that's happening is pretty great and Whist does it well. The inside in eclectic but quite warm and inviting. As expect there was a fantastic selection of creative food and drinks to pick from but being it was a Monday night, I decided to stick with wine. The bartenders were extremely friendly but not too in your face. Once my date and I  had a few drinks we decided to try a few appetizers. We went for the Steak and Blue Bruschetta and an Octopus appetizer. We loved both but definitely were bigger fans of the bruschetta. I enjoyed it so much I would definitely get it the next time I go, which I hope will be soon. The District has changed up a bit and this place makes me believe it's for the better.
5	This place is amazing. Love the bartenders, love the food, love the drinks, love the ambiance. Great addition to the district.
