2	My Evo has gone through some substantial abuse, so I finally made it here to get a screen fixed. Most of the staff was friendly, upbeat, and helpful, but my downtrodden helper was irritating me with her apathy. I have insurance, and went in with a broken screen. My phone was still fully functional, so a simple replacement would have been nice.But apparently, that's just too much to ask for. They didn't have replacement screens for one of their most popular phone models, so I was told to just pay the $100 deductible and get something refurbished. I did so, disdainfully.As they were repairing it, I had to ask--was there another way? I was informed that I would have to call another Sprint store and inquire whether or not they had one. As a customer service representative, she should be letting me know up front what my options are, not forcing me to dig for simple answers. She never cracked a smile, did not make me feel like a valued customer, and overall just did not demonstrate the level of knowledge one would expect a Sprint employee to have. That being said, my refurbished phone already has issues--as if it weren't bad enough having to sync my social media accounts all over again.If I had had one of the more confident reps, this could have scored a 3. If you're a Sprint customer, you may want to select a different location for your needs.
2	I went in for the iPhone 6.  They had one for the size and memory I desired, which was fantastic. However, I waited 32 minutes to be seen. Additionally, there was a certain level of pushiness to use their insurance and buy their bundle of accessories in that moment. The exact case that I was sold for 34.99 (which was supposed to be discounted) was also being sold on Amazon for 9.99 (shipping included). Therefore, one critique would be the inflated prices of their accessories. Further, the screen protector that I was sold was not put on correctly and I had to return to the store several days later to get it fixed. The charger that was included in the bundle is of a ridiculously cheap (but not inexpensive) quality once you do some research on it. I did not appreciate the forceful nature of encouraging me to buy a bundle that could not be returned. Although they are following their policy, I did not appreciate what that policy entailed. Therefore, this place was good for the stock that they had, but their customer service has a lot to be desired. Make sure you know exactly what you want (phone and accessory wise) when you go there and stick to your plan.
5	Before coming into this store, my family and I had already been to two other Sprint stores and a Best Buy and had not had helpful employees. The people at this store are great! We were greeted when we came in and they had a sign-in sheet so they knew who to help next. Phillip helped us and he was the best Sprint employee I've encountered. He explained the pros and cons of multiple phones, he was engaging, and worked with all of us to make sure we got our phones activated correctly. He and another employee, Pharaoh, stayed past closing time with us to get all of our phones up and running. My whole family will definitely come to this store first next time we need anything.
