3	Eastwind was pretty good, but not the same kind of dining experience as at Cherry Blossom (they are run by the same company).Eastwind is casual.  You order at the counter and they deliver it to your table.  The food was very tasty but it didn't have the same fair as Cherry Blossom.I would go back.  It's good for a quick meal... but if I was going out with friends I would go to Cherry Blossom instead.
4	This is a great lunch spot since they are quick, have lunch specials and are consistently delicious.In addition to a large Japanese menu, they have several Chinese dishes. The sushi is made to order and its preparation can be viewed via a large window up front. The lunch sushi specials are more than enough food for one person: Miso soup, large salad, two kinds of rolls.The decor is pretty and tasteful without being too cliche. There are three dining areas: elevated with bench seating, front room with high tables and an outdoor Arizona room.The pricing can be a little high ($7 lunch specials), but is reasonable considering the quality and consistency.
3	Just stopped in for a quick lunch and decided to go for a Bento box.  It's quite a good deal.  For $8.95, you get miso soup, sunomono, salad with ginger dressing, katsu chicken, terriyaki chicken with rice, and a piece of salmon (there are other combinations to choose from, as well).  They also have other inexpensive lunch specials and terrific happy hour deals from 4:00-6:30 and 8:30-close.  While it won't have me running back when I'm craving good Japanese, it's a perfectly good place for a quick, inexpensive meal when in that area.
4	Excellent place for a quick bite of Japanese flavor when out and about.  Decent service, with great outdoor patio.  Although it is a little noisy being next to the street, has heaters, and trees over your head and it is just very green.  I almost always run in to a friend there on Friday nights, which is good.  The shrimp tempora is great and so are there California roles and the miso soup is an essential for me; ) I would add more items from the menu, but it is a good size. Great atmosphere there, and your food comes quickly.    Excellent place for a quick bite of Japanese flavor when out and about.  I can't remember if they seat you and you are severed by a waiter now if you go to the counter and order now.
5	Eastwind is great!  If you are looking for good, fast, and cheap lunch or dinner this is the place to go. They have awesome lunch and happy hour specials.  They have a large menu that includes sushi. I like how you just walk up and order and they bring your food to you.  Also the lunch waitstaff is suuuuper friendly and nice.
5	I love this restaurant. Great lunch specials and a huge menu. Lot's of sushi specials. Fast service and a great lunch staff. Will definatley be back. Best kept secret in Phoenix. Express lunch service during the day and wait service in the evening. Several wines to choose from, also Sake and Japanese beers. Good happy hour specials 3 to 6 and 8:30 to closing.
4	Great place for Japanese takeout or a quick inexpensive meal.  This is not a place where you will get super quality meal.  I am rating this for what it is.  We live around the area so this is our Japanese takeout place.  You can call ahead and in 20 minutes will have your meal ready to go.  They recently turn this place into a sit down restaurant in stead of counter order.  If you have kids there is a window where they can view the guy/gal making sushi/sashimi.  This is great if your waiting for your food (takeout or sitdown).  Works for me most of the time.Would recommend if your in the area and need a quick meal.
5	I love appetizers, especially Asian appetizers! My favorite thing to do is to split a bunch of appetizers. We do not eat sushi because of the rice, so we were delighted to see that they offered quite an array of other choices! We ordered the giant shrimp spring rolls, duck egg rolls and tempura shrimp. The tempura shrimp was absolutely divine, but everything else lacked. The tempura were huge and a perfect crispy and light crunch! The shrimp egg rolls were quite odd, a giant shrimp stuffed in a spring roll wrapper with a stalk of asparagus and drizzled with an unnecessary mango sauce. We took one bite and stopped! The duck egg rolls tasted prefab and completely not worth the calories! The place was quite busy, probably because of the happy hour specials. They seemed to have great deals on the sushi and assorted typical appetizers (gyoza, edamame, pork egg rolls). We will definitely go back for the shrimp tempura, it was a STEAL at 3.75 for 3 pieces!!
5	Eastwind is a hidden, or unknown gem, even though it has been here for 18 years.     The food is excellent: very fresh and very authentic Japanese.   Although it has a reputation for being a more or less fast food restaurant, don't let that fool you.  It has a  very good with a very interesting menu.  Have a little patience and give Eastwind a try; you won't be disappointed.
4	I love this place! The food is so tasty and well priced. My co-workers and I go here for lunch often and they love it too. My favorite lunch is the dark meat chicken teriyaki with California rolls. The portion sizes are just enough for a healthy lunch. And it is under $10. They always have good fresh brewed iced tea as well. The wait staff are all so friendly and helpful. I just love this place.
4	These guys have a good thing going and they work it like no other! The food is amazing, affordable and the service is perfect! I have been a long time patron of Eastwind (and Tokyo Express before) and can't say enough about it. You might not get as much of a kick out of this story but I do...This one time at Eastwind... Michelle and I placed our order, filled our drinks and took a seat. A few minutes later a couple steaming hot plates of food were gently placed in front of us to enjoy. I dug right in and Michelle began adding some of that orange spicy stuff to hers. After a couple light mixes of her fork, she noticed something black just under the topping on the rice. After further exploration, she pulls out a metal screw.Now, I stop for a second here to mention the open environment at Eastwind. The entire kitchen and Sushi preparation areas are fully visible from just about anywhere in the restaurant. As well as all of the tables are visible and within earshot of a fairly well spoken voice.Just as Michelle pulled up the screw and showed it to me, the lady at the main counter looked up and uttered a very noticeable "Oh!" She rushed over and profusely apologized, whisking Michelle's food away (with the screw) and offering to take mine as well. I declined and watched her walk away back to the kitchen. Within a minute, we hear a shout from the kitchen. One of the chefs holds up a fry pan and the infamous screw, showing us where it came from (the handle). Then he holds up a large garbage can to show us, sets it down and drops both the pan and the screw into it.By this time, the rest of the people in the restaurant had figured out what was going on and, seeing the chef drop the pan, began to laugh and applaud. We felt the same way. It was a simple mistake but it was dealt with elegantly and thus adds to our long list of reasons of why we love this place.Of course, to add to the experience, we not only got a replacement meal very quickly but both of  our meals were completely free. Needless to say (whatever you think of my experience), I think there was no better way to deal with the situation and hold true to our loyalty.Eastwind is more than a restaurant, it's a tradition!
4	Have been coming here for lunch weekly now for awhile and I just love this place. The staff are helpful and friendly, the food is tasty and plentiful and the price can not be beat! Just a really good place to eat and not spend a fortune.
5	I am a sushi lover and this place does it just right! Not only are they extremely affordable but the happy hour is phenomenal! From 4-6 and 8:30-close their sushi rolls are about 2 bucks and saki bombers (ichiban beer and warm saki) for only 5 bucks! The cherry on top is definitely their A+ customer service. They are always friendly whether you are dining in or just taking out. I recommend this place as the #1 Japanese restaurant in Phoenix!
3	First time trying sushi...not my favorite, but I did like this restaurant. Had the California Delight rolls, Rainbow Rolls and Lite Teriyaki Bowl, all of which were decent. But the soup was wonderful! The atmosphere was really cool too, totally serene. My friends all had a great time and they said their food was excellent. The layout of ordering was a bit confusing, because we came in on the cusp of the lunch express and the dinner. But we figured it out! However, the barely 19 year old woman at the register was NOT friendly, to me or anyone else. Eastwinds, you may want to hire away from the local supply of brainless girls fresh of out Horizon who obviously have no chance of surviving in the real world.
3	It's fast Japanese food and it's done pretty average.  We only went there because it was close and supposedly cheap.  But after we added everything up, the lunch tab was pretty hefty.
2	I ordered the Bento B and it wasn't too bad. A nice assortment and a decent amount of food. The salad was a joke like most places, consisting of a few slices of carrot and all the white parts of a head of iceberg but hey it had deep fried shrimp on top. The real issue was with Stars meal. She ordered the tempura roll which she made sure to question if it had any meat products in it because she is a vegetarian. The waiter said no and we moved on. She also ordered the fried tempura which comes with its own dipping sauce. Secretly only for the lotus root but you now only get one slice of that and the rest is egg plant. We had made the assumption that after the initial conversation regarding vegetarianism that it would apply to each item ordered there after unless explicitly obvious by including the name of the animal product in its general description. Alas the dipping sauce does have fish sauce in it. When we mentioned it to the waiter he agreed that there was indeed a fish oil. ( I immediately pictured them just squeezing the fish gently and letting it go to extract the fish oil. ) To which my wife points out that fish are not a vegetable and the retort from the waiter is that he is not up on the lingo and most of his vegetarian friends still eat fish. The future is bright :/ The bill ended up being a few cents under 30$ with the three items and a Kirin.
4	Good food here.  Very similar to Toykyo Express food.  Champon is delicious. reasonable price and quick.  Im a fan.
3	This place gets 3 stars instead of 2 stars from me based on they offer nice sushi combos(sushi with a soup, etc.), which most sushi places do not offer such combos. This means you get what would cost around 12-15 most places for around 7-9. Unfortunately the old saying you get what you pay for does apply in this case. The sushi is passable on quality, but the selection is pretty limited and basically just mak zushi (rolls) style. This is probably because rolls are the easiest to make ahead of time as they hold up better in the fridge, but storing them this way can lead to rice being to mashed together or drying out. The salad I had was low quality lettuce and nothing I would want to have again. The miso soup was decent. On the positive, the staff is very friendly, quick service and they have some interesting ice tea like barley tea. They also offer grilled entrees that again have combos for a good price. The chicken katsu is pretty good. The breakdown- if you want a quick, low cost combo with a couple sushi selections on your plate, this is the place. Of course good sushi takes time and should be made fresh so you will sacrifice on quality.
4	Eastwind is a delicious Japanese restaurant with a great sushi menu and a fabulous happy hour!  I've been there twice now, and I can say that it's been great both times.The service is prompt, friendly, and thorough.  I've twice ordered the veggie tempura roll, and both times I was asked if it was okay that there was cream cheese in the roll.  This is actually a great question to ask!  Some vegetarians don't eat cream cheese (or might miss it on the menu), and it's certainly much easier to be informed of that ahead of time than to be disappointed and upset later on.They actually have a fairly extensive menu for vegetarians.  Vegans would be considerably more limited, but with some creativity, it can be pulled off.  Vegetarian-friendly items can be found in every section of the menu, from apps to sushi, noodles to soups.Last night I had the veggie tempura roll and the vegetable egg rolls, which my server confidently assured me had no meat in the sauce or roll itself.  Both were delicious!  The egg rolls were so hot that I had to hold off on eating them for a few minutes, but I appreciated the freshness.  Filling was fairly standard for a spring roll, but it had the hearty egg roll exterior that I've missed for so long.  The sweet and sour sauce was different, but really quite good.The veggie tempura roll was thinly sliced, slightly warm, crispy, and tender all at once.  One of my favorite rolls at any restaurant, and it's reasonably priced, too!My friends enjoyed their dishes--one got a roll, the other a noodle dish.  The restaurant overall seems very accommodating to various needs and requests.  When my friend who ordered the noodles asked if the spice could be toned down a bit (the last time he got the dish it was much too spicy for his taste), the server said it could, and then explained how the spice would be toned down and how the flavor would be altered.  The result was apparently quite good.I'm a fan of their happy hour, but it looks like they have some decent lunch specials, too.   A must-go if you like Japanese cuisine!
5	I ordered an eel roll off of their happy hour menu and I was really impressed. It was like 4 bucks! Good mix of quality and price. I will be back here for sure.
4	This is one of our favorite places to get dinner to-go. Very affordable and wonderful food.Our favorites are the Tokyo Chicken Salad, Yaki-Soba with tofu, and the Chicken Teriyaki bowl. The sushi is just so-so, but as is most sushi when you order to go.I've never eaten at the restaurant, but from what I see when I pick up the food it's a little dark and uninviting. Their wine list is pretty weak, too - so that's why we always do take out and eat it at home.
4	You can do takeout or eat in. Their happy hour isn't bad cheap beer and some good sushi. Crunchy eel roll is bomb as all hell! Service here was speedy and knowledgable. The large portions they gave were also a plus. So overall if you like sushi and want to try a new place I say give it a shot for sure.
4	If you like Cherry Blossom in Central Phoenix, you should thoroughly enjoy it's counterpart, Eastwind. Eastwind is one of my lunch go to spots because it is delicious, fairly-priced (you can get some of the same dishes as Cherry Blossom for cheaper) and has a friendly staff. My list of must tries is simple. If you like Japanese curry, you gotta try the curry, rice and chicken katsu dish; it's fantastic and filling. The udon noodle soup is next on my list and is especially good if it's chilly outside; and I can't forget to say how good it is with shrimp tempura added to it. The best part about it is that it doesn't feel heavy or bog you down after eating it; you leave feeling re-energized. Last but not least is the lunch bento. Good lawd, it's scrumptious! Think of it as a sampler of sorts: you get your fish, your katsu, some miso, a salad and some rice. For $9 that's a lunch that'll fill you up and keep you full the rest of the day (unless you're not human of course, you pesky alien, you).Go here, eat the food, be nice to the staff and be prepared for a pleasant experience. It's a great place for a small group if you're into good atmosphere and Japanese cuisine.
4	The sushi specials at happy hour are worth giving this place a try.located on southest corner of tatum and thunderbird next to kinko's.
4	Not as good as when it used to be Tokyo Express... I don't care for the sit-down style it has now. It has become Scottsdale-ized... which is a bad thing
2	Not a good place for nigiri. I broke my rule of never eating sushi in a place where you can't see the fish before... well they reminded me why I have that rule. The portions were good but the fish didn't taste fresh.
5	I have been eating here for years, people are great and I've never had a less-than-excellent plate! Great amount of food in the bento box!
4	Super busy during lunch. They seemed short staffed but it was worth the wait. I had the express bento lunch B: spicy tuna roll, crunchy shrimp roll, miso soup & salad. Along with a tropical iced tea, total cost for lunch was $11.20......Great dining atmosphere....can't wait to go back.
2	There are some upsides to this place, such as decent lunch and happy hour specials and friendly wait staff, that make this an acceptable destination for a quick working lunch or a 6 Sapporo / sake, edemame and California Roll dinner. Anything more than that is sure to dissapoint anyone and everyone with an even remotely refined taste for Japanese cuisine. The sushi, sashimi and specialty rolls are generic and uninspired. The attention to detail, care in preparation and harmony of flavors - that generally make Japanese cuisine so special - is altogether absent. And the freshness, or lack thereof, is downright concerning. All of this is especially disappointing because this is such a good location and space for a quality Japanese place.
3	Not too shabby!When I'm working in Phoenix, I come here at least once to eat. Its not the BEST Japanese food, but to me this satisfies my asian hunger. I always get the Nagasaki. I love the crunchy noodles with the sauce on top. It's the best with some vinegar on top. Also this is like the only place that serve Mugicha (Barley tea). Mugicha is one of my favorite teas! Its nice to have a cold glass of mugicha on a hot Phoenix summer day. For all the newbees out there, please do not drink mugicha with sugar... japanese tea is not meant to be mixed with sugar!
3	Great place for decent sushi and tempura. Friendly staff and always courtesy service. Menu is just the standards yet no complaints. Good happy hour and always enjoyable when dining there.
4	Good sushi, cool decor, and efficient service.
1	This was some of the worst sushi I've ever had, especially for the money. I could barely get it down. The place is dumpy and depressing inside. All around terrible.
4	Super delicious sushi menu items!
3	For awhile i've only eaten at this place via, take out. It would be just sitting at home for me when i get back from work, (really nice if you ask my opinion). Anyways i went there for the first time to sit down and eat. Getting seated was quick, didn't seem like they had a large amount of customers there (until after we were seated, missed the rush i guess).  Service seemed lacking, didn't get a water refill all night till when we were paying the check -_-...Food sadly wasn't better than the take-out which i guess you can say is a good thing, but i see it as sort of a bad thing. I imagine the quality going down hill a tiny bit when you get takeout, so getting the same exact tasting thing for dining in was sad. My opinion of the take-out was oh hey...this is pretty good for being take-out. But as a dine in choice it wasn't pretty good it was just average. I got the katsu donburi, it was decent, nothing bad or to go home sick over. It was good i would get this again, just i think their sauce they put on this is a very common one they use in all their dishes...kind of like a default sauce. Wasn't bad just something i noticed.The sushi though, just was okay. BUT price to the quantity+quality was good. The sushi there was larger than your average place in town and it was a little bit cheaper (and sometimes the same price for certain rolls). Overall this is my new "ghetto sushi" place to go to in town. (ghetto referring to a casual and non fancy place to go)
3	This place is cute, affordable, clean, and tasty. I would recommend this place for a quick lunch since the service is fairly quick and has a simple menu. Or you can bring your date here for a cute dinner date. The place is a fairly quiet place, and the lighting is very nice.
1	ouch they went WAYYY down in my ratings,service was horrible, it took 10 minutes to get seated and it wasn't busy and there were empty tables everywhere... server took 15 minutes to get us waters, server forgot what i ordered and didn't even remember my soup till prompted that my food should come with it. (20 minutes after everyone else got theirs)food under cooked, they served some of the steak strip cooked black and blue style...food served COLD, not hot, not warm..but.. COLD!! grosswasabi is the crappy powder kind
4	I come here all the time! It's the epitome of a neighborhood sushi place: quiet, fast, and cheap. I always get the tuna roll (force of habit) and last time I got the typhoon roll. It was so good I decided to review.  Great for the money!
4	Eastwind never disappoints. The happy hour prices for appies are ridiculously low! The tatsuta chicken is the best chicken nuggets I've ever had. Their gyoza- pork potstickers are consistently tasty and set the bar very high for all other potstickers. The help is unfailingly polite and makes me feel like part of the family.
3	Fresh, prepared sushi. Absolutely love the crunchy roll, california roll with soy paper instead of seaweed. They may charge a bit more, but it is so worth it as it melts in your mouth. Since I am not a fan of the dinners, I am rating the overall a 3. If it was sushi only, It would be a 4 star.
1	We ordered carry-out and after getting it home called them to say they left out portions of the order.  We were transferred three times and after talking to the third mouth-breathing Tween hung up.  Won't be back.
4	Been going here for years and absolutely love it. Very reasonable prices and overall good sushi. Their happy hour is amazing!! If you're looking for a quiet, dependable and cheap place for good sushi this is your place. I usually get the southwest roll (I think), it's the cali roll with sake and avacado on top, absolutely delicious :) Toss it back with some great sake bombers and I'm a happy girl.
3	Once again craving sushi/Japanese food but since Iron Chef didn't met my expectations I decided to go elsewhere. Eastwind was farther away from me but I decided to try it out.There was no old fried food smell, already a plus. I can't eat raw fish yet so I usually ordered eel rolls. Also got the shrimp and veggie tempura. The Caterpillar roll was not my favorite. I hate when they fill the rolls with fake crab, plus it didn't tasted freshly prepared. The tempura on the other hand was delicious! Light batter, not oily, with 5 pieces of shrimp and several vegetables. Gyoza was pretty good too. I'll definitely drive a little farther for Eastwind.
3	We have been going to Eastwind for years. Two months ago I would have given it 4 or maybe even 5 stars. But certain changes recently are bumping down my rating.The goodMost of the food is delicious. My favorite is the vegetable tempura soup. Their happy hour is extremely affordable. Very cheap sake bombers. My husband likes the sushi rolls on happy hour. I'm not a fan of the vegetarian choices for happy hour. The sweet potato fries aren't very good. They don't have any veggie rolls on special for happy hour (c'mon veggies are cheaper than fish!) so I end up ordering my favorite roll, the veggie tempura roll, off the menu. It is always super tasty. The servers are sooo nice. They can be a little slow and forgetful when the restaurant is busy but they are too nice and genuine to get mad at them.The badAs I mentioned I usually order the veggie tempura roll for happy hour, even though it is not happy hour priced. Well, one roll isn't enough for me to get filled up so up to 2 months ago, I would order a side of PLAIN fried rice. Their fried rice is yummy. It was only about a cup full but it was perfect accompaniment to one veggie roll. Last time we went in for happy hour I tried ordering my usual veggie roll and SIDE of fried rice. The server looked at me with guilty eyes and said "Oh, we can't do that anymore." He said if I wanted to order fried rice I would have to order the $8 fried rice entree. The fried rice entree has an option of chicken or beef, which is probably why it is a whopping 8 bucks. I'm a vegetarian who just wants some damn fried rice without any meat but I am not going to pay $8 for just rice. The server said the manager put an end to the restaurant offering it as a side. Talk about nickel and diming! How cheap can you get? It's RICE! Apparently, the manager made a couple of other changes that the staff and patrons are not crazy about. Unfortunately, these small changes are making a huge impact on how often we will patronize Eastwinds. We might need to find a new sushi happy hour place...
4	I've been coming to Eastwind since it was Tokyo Express years ago.  I love this place although I never eat the sushi.  I love their miso soup and their teriyaki chicken.  It's always consistently good.  My boyfriend usually gets the bento box which he loves and allows him to sample a variety of different foods at once.
3	We use to come here often but have not been awhile.  Came here with couple of co-workers.  The place is under new ownership.  We order few happy hour sushi to try, not a big fan.  The wait staff was very friendly and kept checking up on us to see if we need anything.
1	My less than stellar review is for service.   We waited 30 minutes for our meals to be delivered.  When we questioned the waiter, he was not helpful, so we asked to speak to the manager.  The manager did not even come to speak with us!   We were loyal neighborhood customers, even walking to the restaurant frequently!   My husband then wrote an email to the owner, and it was ignored by him as well.   This is obviously a business that does not value customer service, we were very disappointed and Eastwind has lost regular customers
3	This place used to be my favorite local sushi spot.  The only downfall recently is that service is either great or awful, no in between.  Last time I went there was a new girl (I think she was new, never saw her there before) at the register and she was quite awful all around.  She spent most of the time on her phone or chatting with employees.  One of the waitresses had to tell her to take my order as she was too busy chatting with the host to notice. She brought my change back to the table with our food then forgot to bring all the food and didn't give me all the change.  Worst part of it is that she was never apologetic about it, she just didn't seem to care.
4	I went to Eastwind for happy hour with my book club. The sushi menu was tasty, not huge but enough of a selection to cover the basics. The service truly friendly. This place can accomodate big groups and has a great regular menu - I am excited to try it again. This time for dinner.
2	Not a great experience last night at Eastwind. I'm going to start this by saying that I've been eating here for over 20 years, when it was Tokyo Express and now Eastwind. I was a customer weekly when I lived closer, now it's every 60 days or so.We went for dinner around 8:00 and it took way too long to get seated in the half empty restaurant. We were seated next to a family that must have been friends or family with one server, as she was constantly at their table. She was there while we were waiting and obviously saw us before finally showing us to a table.  Our server was a guy that must have been new, as he seemed very nervous and didn't know the menu.  So we ordered the sushi sampler for me and the Korean beef and a veggie roll for her. I got the sushi, but not the salad and soup that it comes with. The veggie roll turned into an egg roll. Everything came at once, and the server didn't make his return until we were done. After consulting with server #1, he took off the egg roll and our drink. Guess that's supposed to make up for it....
4	There are two things here that I love that you can't really find anywhere else. The fried rice and the hakata ramen. I know you can find fried rice everywhere, but their's is just ... different. The ramen is my absolute fave ... I find myself craving it all the time. The service can leave something to be desired sometimes, but all the servers are very nice and you can usually tell they're trying. Nice little neighborhood place. :)
3	I came in to Eastwind for the first time yesterday specifically to get a bento box for lunch (I've been craving one!).  At lunchtime, you walk into the restaurant past the waiter stand to the counter in front of the kitchen to place your order (I was standing at the waiter stand for a solid minute like an idiot, so you're welcome).  The lunch specials were flat on the counter itself, not up on the menu wall.  So I ordered the lunch bento and a soda.  Another tip: you get the soda yourself, even though it's in the waiter's area.  You also sit wherever you want.  I picked the corner booth by the tree.  The outside dining area looking really nice, with a wall of green blocking the street.Make no mistake, the lunch bento is a lot of food for $8.50.  Miso soup, iceberg/spring mix salad with bright orange ginger dressing, a small cucumber salad, ginger salmon, teriyaki chicken with rice, and what I think was chicken katsu, but it could have been pork, with sauce on the side.  A nice variety!  I dug into the miso soup.  The first bite was GREAT.  But as I started eating it, it started tasting a bit off.. not sure what it was, but I skipped it for the rest of the meal.  The salad was okay, the color of the dressing put me off and made me think that it wasn't homemade.  The teryaki chicken was really tasty, a great grilled flavor and the sauce was good.  The katsu was good as well, I like the katsu sauce.  Reminded me of a soy ketchup.  The salmon was good, the flavor was great even if I prefer my salmon a little less done, I wasn't expecting it to be anything but fully cooked.  I skipped the cucumber salad (sorry, not a fan).  Even so, I couldn't eat it all.  If you order this dish, come hungry and leave full :)
5	we have been dining there for years & enjoy our meals !! They have great soups & salads as well sushi- the menu selection has a huge variety, so there is always something for everyone- The service is always excellent & the prices are reasonable-
4	Came back for another bento box - this time the miso soup was really delicious!  Everything else was just as good as before if not better, even the salad dressing was better.  Still super cheap, still great.  Love it!
4	I love sushi and once in awhile we decide, out of the blue, thats what we are craving. We have other places that we would normally hit up based on whether or not we are at work or home but one night when the craving hit, we tried to go to out local sushi spot and turned out they were closed that day. We decided that was a perfect opportunity to try someplace new and jumped on Yelp and discovered Eastwind. I really had no complaints. The service was great, the food was great and the price was great. Was it top of the line spot? No, but it surely hit the spot and have made a point of returning a couple times since. Great variety and really good happy hour deals too!
4	I've been eating here since it was a Tokyo Express. The specials and Happy Hour deals are the main reason I go these days. The California Roll is my favorite. Teriyaki chicken and sukiyaki are my favorite main dishes. The shrimp tempura and Gyoza are my favorite starters. The servers are hit or miss. It's a bit strange. Order at the counter, get your own drinks, then they bring your food to the table. Shrug.
4	I used to go here years ago. My son recently got into sushi so we went for the first time in a long time. I used to get the tokyo chicken salad. They have renamed it. It is now called the tokyo chicken slaw. Still yummy. And very reasonably priced.
3	Pretty standard sushi and teriyaki bowls...  Good and enjoyable and a place we eat at once in a while.  Super friendly staff...  you order your food at counter and have a seat... they bring the food to ya when its ready.  Very casual but a good choice for lunch.  I usually get a combo of teriyaki chicken with california roll... hubby likes some sort of noodle dish but food is good and is delivered piping hot. Nothing spectacular but it is good.a
2	My husband and I considered ourselves regular customers, but not anymore. We learned the owners changed last month and we've noticed the change. The servers are not very experienced and have a lot to learn about customer service.There must be a new sushi maker because the California roll we ordered looked awful. It tasted okay, but there was something off about the presentation. The couple sitting behind us also had a problem with the California roll. We both ordered the Tokyo Chicken Slaw and it took forever to get to our table. The chefs must still be learning how to make all of the dishes.We like going to Eastwind because of the location and the food. Now we'll start going to Cherry Blossom more often for our Japanese fix.
1	I have eaten here multiple times and expect much better than my visit today. The person taking orders seemed inexperienced, plus he didn't know what was in several sushi rolls and had to actually open a menu to check. Since their lunch menu has changed, I ordered the chicken teriyaki with brown rice and the California crunchy roll. The Cali roll's crab filling seemed dry, and the teriyaki sauce left something to be desired. A few hours after lunch there  I began to feel nauseous, sick and feverish. I had chills and fought nausea for a few hours before it subsided. I think this place has gone downhill even though they have tried to make it more upscale. The prices have gone up, but after my experience today I can see that the quality has not followed suit.For $10 I would have rather had a sushi roll from Fry's at Tatum and Shea.
1	Although we have been regular customers of Eastwind, that changed approximately 2 weeks ago.  My kid and I went to get some California Rolls and it took more than 25 minutes and 5 complaints to 3 different employees to get our food.  It's not like it had to be cooked.  I even yelled out my complaint so everyone in the restaurant knew how upset I was.  When the food was delivered, it was almost thrown at us.  I asked to speak to a manager - but there wasn't one available.That is one restaurant that I will no longer frequent. Go there at your own peril.
1	Wow, after reading everyones reviews, I know I'm right about our experience last weekend.  We've been going here to eat off and on over the past 7 years or so.  We've always enjoyed our meal. It's been about a year since we've gone. The menu has changed somewhat so we couldn't order what we normally use to order.  Wow, terrible choice.  We decided to order light and just order a  spicy tuna and salmon roll for each of us.  They were so hot we couldn't eat them.  My husband didn't think the rice was made that well.  My husband and I never go home with take out when we go out for Sushi.  Out of 12 pieces each, we each ate 4.  What does that tell you?   I told the waiters working at the counter that it was to hot and they said that we ordered Spicy Tuna and Spicy Salmon.  No one said,  "we're sorry, what can do we do for you to make it better". My children who are in their 20's tried it and also agreed with us.   They are both avid sushi eaters.  I called the owner and talked to him personally that evening.    He said he would check into it for me and get back to me with what he found out.  He never did.  I called him a few minutes ago.    He said that his workers made it normal and that is the way they make it. They didn't put any extra hot spice in it.    I guess the customer is always wrong.  We will never step foot into this establishment and give them our money.  There are to many other sushi places  in the Scottsdale area to go out to eat.  The sushi rolls at Safeway are better and more enjoyable.
4	I got the bento box. It was only $8.50.  What a deal.  So much food, soup and salad too.  Boyfriend got the sushi great price but I have had better. Still great value.  Food came out in minutes and service was fast and friendly.  Definitely be back.
3	I've been eating at this location since it used to be Tokyo Express. Then I saw East Wind change ownership/ concept several times going from casual counter service to sit down/waitress service to what is now between the two. I've also seen the menu change several times as well. Right now, the menu is pretty good. The price decent. The bento boxes are served all day and big enough to feed two people or one hungry man sized man. No more barley tea- upside down frown insert here. Came here for HH/ dinner w gfriend and son. Service extremely friendly. Even after I complained that the fried calamari was so over fried that the calamari was like rubber and the breading almost burnt. The waitress was very nice and told me she would bring me another order. Although, when she brought the new order, it was still just as burnt and overcooked as the first order. I felt a bit like I was in twilight zone or candid camera . . . I looked at her then I looked around to make sure that I was not getting punked. Lol. It was pretty funny. It didn't bother me since the waitress was so nice about it and I had plenty of other food to eat. Maybe she was trying to send me the message fried food is bad for me . . . My gfriend had the ramen which she liked and her son had the Vietnamese spring roll which looked really good. I think I will order that the next time I'm in there. I've been coming here for years and prob will continue to do so . . . I think though I liked it best when it was the casual incarnation. It seemed like for whatever reason, the food tasted better then.
4	Came during happy hour.  Prices are great!  Wish they had hard liquor but I'll get over that. Was looking forward to a dirty martini .  Tried about 6 different things off the happy hr menu.  All were really good especially for the price. I've had better and better presentation but also paid lots more.  Atmosphere is nice and relaxed.  Wait staff especially our waiter ( Roger ) was amazing! Friendly, helpful and great sense of humor. Can't say I'll be back as I'm from Austin; just here for spring training baseball .  But customer service excellent and if I lived here it would be a regular.
4	Eastwind is back in my good graces. The whole fried rice thing was fixed. You can now order half portions of their delicious fried rice, including veggie fried rice! Which leaves room for all their other delectable morsels.And they have liquor now! Woohoo! I had already ordered my sake bomber before I read that on the menu so I didn't get a chance to order a cocktail. They should create a cocktail menu and throw some cocktail specials on their happy hour menu. (Hint, hint).A few changes to their menu and food, but all good ones! Still great service as well.
1	This is the deal and a very honest review no BS but the truth.  I have gone to Eastwind for years and the food was always decent.   Fast food sushi and a good place for lunch.     Well the place was just purchased by a new owner and the guy seems to not give a crap.  Never once has he come over to the table and said how's your food etc.   The people are not very friendly , and this is the honest truth.   I have been there about a dozen times since the new owners purchased it and they have not gotten the food order right once.  I order the same thing every time  a teriyaki chicken combo and a Mitzu soup with a drink.  One would think the soup would come out first but nope.  It all comes out at the same time and the last few times the food has been cold along with the soup.  Do they EVER APPOLIGIZE nope.  They really don't care and if they don't care I will find another place to go.  They just lost a two to three day a week customer.  Today was funny they forgot to bring my food out after waiting 20 + minutes.  They double delivered an order to the guy next to me.  Another table had to go up and complain three times to get their order.  It's like a circus of errors and comedy.
1	It is evident there is new ownership and until they get their act together I won't be making my twice weekly visit.  When we were last there the place was cluttered with plastic plant paraphernalia, my first clue.  A preteen girl was serving the food-and every table I spotted received the wrong order-or waited over twenty minutes for their food.  Our order was incorrect-and way below standards.  It is the end of an institution- that started out as Tokyo Express in this space-and transitioned to Eastwind-with solid food at good prices.  They have lost two longstanding customers-and I don't doubt the regular customers will do the same.  Hope springs eternal-and perhaps the new owners will care about the customers and get organized.  I still see some of the previous employees working there-they are the only link to helping the owners get the food and service back to par.
1	Disgusting, gross, unedible.....I've never been so disgusted by food in my life. Ordered a simple tuna roll, the roll had a really fishy smell and the avocado was hard. One bite, threw the rest away, wasted my money but at least I didn't get sick! The staff was very nice and friendly but I'm not going there for that!
1	I came here for Father's Day. This used to be one of my favorite restaurants and I never had any complains, but today. We came in, and ordered our food. The restaurant wasn't packed like usual. I got a cup to get water but then juice came out. My dad told the cashier who answered "oh we don't have any more water." wow.  We get to our table and we didn't need to wait awhile for our eel sushi which was mostly just rice. My dad received his curry  rice....Worst presentation and not appealing. My sister's order comes and the waiter's fingers were black and dirty was touching her rice and tempura. I asked him if they had new management and he said it's been a month. So that explained it. I feel bad for the owner.. I wouldn't be surprised if this restaurant closed down.  It is so obvious that the employees hate their jobs. Nobody smiled except one lady. They were rude and just looked real unhappy. I saw the cashier talking down to the Japanese cook. Anyway so they close at 8pm today and a couple comes. I asked if they were the owner and they weren't. I told them it was because if they were I wanted to tell them about our experience. So anyway after 15mins, the lady stands up and says she didn't get the right order, that her dish tasted like they put vinegar in it and that  they forgot her order and when she asked about it the cashier said it was because they came in late. She ended up asking for a refund. I am never coming back to this restaurant ever again.
1	Never again!  This place is a mom and pop fast food catastrophe.  Sushi this is not.  Do not have sushi at this place.  I dont know how this place has survived.  The location must be keeping them alive.  Im sure locals dont eat here.  I am usually a fan of mom and pop restaurants but these people are in desperate need of help.  I am not here to give restaurant advice to restaurants.  I am here to warm people of bad food.  You've been warned Do not eat sushi here it is not good, fresh or worth it.
1	This place used to be a great inexpensive dive to grab a bite with friends. They got rid of table service, so now you must order food and drinks at a counter. What little staff that are still there seem to be inexperienced and nervous. Food quality has gone down yet their prices have gone up ruffly 35 percent. You are now paying Kabuki prices for no service, blah food quality, and a busted up environment. It's a real shame that this place fell apart.
1	Eastwind is a regrettable experience which sushi enthusiasts should avoid. This most recent incarnation of this Asian restaurant model is a significant downgrade from the quality delivered by the previous owners. Looking for a small meal, we ordered three rolls: spicy tuna, spicy yellowtail, and a Philly roll. The spicy tuna was passable, but the oiliness and lack of freshness of the spicy yellowtail was appalling. The color if the yellowtail was darker than I had ever seen before. The salmon in the Philly roll was drab and lacked freshness/flavor. There is no alcohol available at the moment, so you are well advised to head to the supermarket for sushi and Japanese beer for a better experience. From an ambiance perspective, the place seemed dingier than I had remembered, with a two story ladder visible to many of the diners. Eastwind used to represent decent sushi and fish/veggies/rice at a reasonable price. It no longer delivers that level of value.
1	Whoa what happened!!! I used to goto this place weekly, but the new owners really messed up a good thing. Prices have almost doubled and the food is not as good as before. Also after a 20 min wait they still managed to bring me the wrong food, same for my wife's order. Too bad as this was my go to place for lunch. Sorry 8 bucks for a small rice bowl is not worth it.
1	I'm only giving it one star because i have to! LISTEN LOUD AND CLEAR NEW MANAGER/OWNER - THIS PLACE OFFICIALLY SUCKS!  I have been going here since it opened at a Tokyo Express (and had been going to the Camelback TE since it open). Don't know what this guy was thinking when he took it over than "Oh, how can i provide the worst food and expensive prices". Well you succeed. The staple of this place is terriyki chicken and rice - it now swims in sauce and you must pay a dollar extra for brown rice (she did not mention that to me when she took my order). The small salad was $1.20. Now, by small I mean TINY  use to cost 50 cents... he achieved his goal there. My daughter had fried rice - now we have had fried rice there dozens of times but this Mensa member decided that making it spicy, adding peppers and onions would be good....NOT! And seriously - the decor - OMG!!! it  looks like Goodwill threw up. i will never ever step foot in that place again! BARF!
2	The rolls were not well prepared. the salmon sashimi was not cut properly (A little skin was left on). On the plate with it was a bed of lettuce that looked a little old (probably due to the sauce they put on top). Also on the menu they stated they had beer and sake but their liquor license was revoked. They couldn't serve it. Finally while eating, they were cleaning tables, which I appreciate, but all I could smell is bleach. Overall I will not be going back to this location.
2	So I haven't been here in a long time and I was very disappointed with the food. Apparently they changed owners a couple months back and he changed the food. It doesn't taste as great. They changed some of the sauces which I was not happy about. And now the prices are doubled. The new owner didn't seem that nice. He was acting like he was above everyone else. I don't think I will be coming back.
1	This restaurant used to be 4-5 stars for us, but with all the changes in pricing, taste and recipes, unfortunately, yesterday would be the last day for us.We ordered Champon and Nagasaki Sara Udon. Although the taste of Champon went down, it was ok to me, but Nagasaki Sara Udon was not good. They, for some reason, changed the noodle from thin "deep fried noodle" to just boiled Udon, which is not Nagasaki Sara Udon anymore.Although it is not really close from where we live, we would probably go to Cherry Blossom in Phoenix when we want to have decent Champon and Nagasaki Sara Udon.It is regrettable to see this dramatic change of quality in the last several months.
1	The sushi was stale, old and gross. There are no waiters, customers have to order at a counter, get there own drinks and serve themselves.
1	USED to be great!!! I don't know what happened. Please bring the old Eastwind back!!!!
4	Don't listen to the naysayers. I haven't been here for awhile because I'm not in the area much, but came in for a Bento lunch and it was great! Evidently, management listened to the unhappy customers and took positive action. The food was just as good, if not better, as it was in the past. I would recommend giving the place a chance!
2	Yikes! I take back my last updated review. They changed ownership and it's NOT good. :( No more wait service. Instead you awkwardly order at the counter.Prices have gone up drastically! Pretty much the same menu but it tastes different. Not nearly as flavorful. My sushi roll was quite sloppy. No booze! Booooooo. Supposedly they are waiting on a liquor license but if I had a buzz I probably would have been much more forgiving of the experience. I will still give them 2 stars because the counter guy was nice and the food was edible. But it was a bad experience... Usually when my husband and I hit up their happy hour we pay under $25 for tasty nibbles and a few alcoholic beverages. This time our bill was almost $40 for similar items but not as tasty but without the booze and without table service. Boooooooo!
5	Sushi and service here are always great, but the new sushi chef takes it over the top! Delicious rolls and really good yellowtail sashimi! I'll continue to be back here often!
1	WARNING **THEY ARE PRIVATELY OWNED NOT BY TOKYO EXPRESS** have come to this location for YEARS! I have always been very pleased with the food and the service. This time, it was HORRIBLE. The Manager Jung, was extremely rude and not at all helpful. This place changed ownership a few months ago which means smaller portions for more money. Sue was the ONLY saving grace of this place. I will not return to location as well, I will advise friends and family to do the same. The regular bowl for Teryaki Chicken used to fill me up with left overs for approximately $8.10. Now the "plate" is 10.00. Imagine only 6 medium sized strips of chicken with 2 huge scoops of rice. Fill half of the plate with the salad and thousand island dressing and the other "half" with rice and chicken. The food quality tasted the same but amounts were different. I requested why this change took place and the manager Jung said "Eastwind has ALWAYS served on plated with half salad and have ALWAYS charged $10.00" Not only was I upset about the amount of food for the price, I was now extremely upset at the tone and way Jung spoke to my family and me. I do not recommend this location any longer but should you go... Ask for Sue. She is a sweetheart older woman that ordered me another bowl to say sorry for the way her family member Jung treated my family during this visit. We came from Anthem and feel this just is not worth the drive any longer. Steer clear folks if you were a regular at some point... not at all the same.
1	I work nearby so I was hoping for the best. Uncomfortable bench seating.Bizarre order at the front protocol but the kind manager/server said he would serve me at a table. The place smelled like old people and looked dirty and unkempt so I knew off the bat that I wouldn't order any raw fish.The guy who took my order was really, really, sweet and accommodating. But sadly, everything else was pretty bad. The shrimp tempura roll was somehow gross due to the rice not being cooked right and the crab tasting fishy. My water came in a plastic cup. There were crumbs and water stains on the chairs around me. The Pad Thai was downright DISGUSTING.Too much fish sauce? The fried tofu was COLD TOFU that exploded with cold water when I took a bite. (SO freaking gross.) I took a second bite of noodles and it did taste like fish sauce and was luke warm. I took a bite of shrimp and it tasted freezer burned. I spit it into my napkin and lost my appetite.At the exact moment I spit the shrimp into the napkin my server walked up. I told him the truth about the shrimp and tofu and he did not charge me for it and offered to bring me something else. I told him I had to go back to work so I would just finish my shrimp tempura roll. He was so sweet he sent me off with a small soup and salad which was nice since I was sure I would be hungry again but honestly I couldn't bring myself to try it after how the other things tasted.My Pad Thai was also supposed to $11.00. Kind of outrageous for lunch. I wanted to like this place because I really liked the service but the food was just SO bad. It may have been my worst experience eating out ever in terms of taste and quality of the food and surroundings.
4	The food is always fresh & reasonably priced. Try one of the great Bento Boxes for a quick, nutritious lunch! I have been coming here for years and it's never disappointed me. Try Eastwind, you'll like it, their portions are great and you definitely won't leave hungry.
1	I feel bad for this place, I just ate a chicken bowl and my stomach is gurgling, not a good sign. When i was here 5 years ago, the food was great. Now its basically teriyaki bowls and sushi. Things are more expensive now, rivalling Stingray, which is worth the price. The atmosphere is cluttered with obnoxious signs everywhere in bright colors, the menu is glued to the counter with plastic covering it. I felt like i was in Tijuana! The counter help even called my order to the kitchen in Spanish! Not a good sign. There were also three TV's with three different things playing...At least they have China Mist tea. It is the only thing worth ordering, sorry to say.
1	I work nearby so I was hoping for the best. Uncomfortable bench seating.Bizarre order at the front protocol.The place smelled like old people and looked dirty and unkempt so I knew off the bat that I wouldn't order any raw fish.If I could give zero stars, I would. The shrimp tempura roll was somehow gross due to the rice not being cooked right and the crab tasting fishy. Yech The Pad Thai was downright DISGUSTING.I'mNot sure why. Too much fish sauce? COLD TOFU on top that exploded with cold water when you take a bite. (SO freaking gross.). The shrimp tasted freezer burned. I didn't eat it and they didn't charge me thank god.Oh boy. This place is bad. I feel bad for the nice guy who took my order.
1	Since new ownership, this place is horrible. Customer service is non-existent, with the daughter behind the counter not even greeting customers or saying Hello. Only given 2 soy sauce packets for 3 meals (after asking multiple times for it). The restaurant was very dark and gloomy to go with their extremely rude employees. Will NOT be back.....EVER.
