4	Food was good to great, not a huge selection, but the quality makes up for it. The service was good, but since it was a Monday night, and not very busy this might not be a good indicator of service on busy night. Also more expensive than the $$ would indicate to me. Loved the decor.
4	I was able to make a last minute Monday night dinner reservation directly on their site which was convenient!We were so distracted by the "Grand Marnier" ice sculpture out front  (who doesn't love an ice sculpture?) that it took us a few tries to figure out which of the large windows was actually the entrance....thankfully the diners seemed too taken by their food to notice us!As soon as we walked in we both looked at each other and said "love the decor" - its very wood and cozy taverne-esque....very nice on a chilly winter's night!The waitress and host who greeted us at the door were the only small "miss" on an otherwise perfect restaurant experience - she seemed distracted and walked away when I told her we had reservations, leaving us to a male host who silently led us to our table in back. If I wanted to be picky I would complain that while the restaurant was nowhere near full and had many larger tables available up front, our "reserved" table was a tiny rectangle in back stuck to the staircase which appeared to lead to the downstairs kitchen. However, the 2 of us are on the small side, it was a very private spot, it was warmer in back and our waiter and food were so fantastic that we barely noticed the size of our table at the end!The menu and cocktail menu are not extensive but well thought out and easy to read.  They have different daily "specials" for each weekday. Not all of the menu choices were available and the Monday daily special had been replaced by a different option which our waiter took the time to point out and explain to us. We started off with the Mango Bellini cocktail - delicious!We shared the homemade chips with truffle dip - the portion was small but delicious and we were thankful it wasn't any bigger when we saw our main dishes! The homemade chips were thin, crispy waffles and the dip was tasty without being too rich or heavy. I had the tavern burger with manchego cheese and pork belly served with onion rings - it was a generous plate - delicious and very filling. My friend had the equally generous cornish hen served with french fries which smelled and apparently tasted just as good. Both plates were served with cole slaw - very fresh and tart. We had pudding chomeur for dessert - it hit the spot!Our waiter was fantatic - very attentive, took the time to explain the menu choices to us, offered us a variety of dipping sauces for the fries, checked up on us with a smile...in short, fantastic!Would definitely reccomend!
4	Gaspar was lovely!  We escaped there for supper with our toddler after a less-than-sterling time at Pub-St.-Paul as part of a large gathering, and it soothed us into recognizing that we had, indeed, found the quality Quebecois fare that we had sought.My steak frites were lovely, with meat that was a perfect medium-rare.  My husband attempted to order his burger medium-rare, but was informed that the burgers only come medium-well, and that this is the case within all of Canada.  Now, I can respect a restaurant that is sufficiently confident in their dishes to only serve them in the way that they were designed to be served, but we did both think that the the burger would have been tastier medium-rare.  The pork belly was a nice addition.Our server was very friendly and accommodating, which is hugely gratifying when traveling with a toddler.  We felt completely at ease eating with him there, which we weren't at first certain would be the case given the menu and decor.  We felt welcomed and valued, and appreciated the warm smiles from other staff as well.We're thinking about heading back up to Montreal in the spring or summer, with the aim of hitting a number of amazing-sounding eateries that we didn't try the first time.  Other than Au Pied de Cochon, which would be the main reason for the trip, Taverne Gaspar is probably the only place we visited this time that we'd give a second try on a very limited engagement, thus giving up the opportunity to try someplace new for that meal.  It has definitely earned a return visit.
4	Solid food in the heart of Old Montreal! It's basically a big gastropub, with a large bar and lots of tables. It gets kind of loud, but that's fine. The atmosphere is pretty relaxed otherwise. We had an 8:45 reservation, got there at 8:30, and had a pint at the bar. The bartenders were quite busy but still very friendly, which was nice. We sat down and ordered some appetizers - I had the steak tartare with the poached quail's egg, which was delicious. My cousin had the pea soup, a dish that I'm not really a fan of in general, but I did try it and they made it well. For dinner we both had their special burger with pork belly and onions. This was very well done too, although it took a VERY long time to come, maybe 45 minutes. Slow service knocks one star off, but the food is definitely worth a return trip.A great introduction to the pub scene of Montreal!
3	Came to Gaspar with a couple friends on a Sunday night.  It was kind of dead, just a few people at the tables.  The space is very big and has an old taverny feel to it.  I really liked the stone walls and wood, made for a cozy atmosphere.  They have a list of mixed cocktails that have a slew of different liquors.  My favorite liquor, bourbon, was featured in a couple drinks.  I ended up with an Old Fashioned, which I found to be excellent (made with Makers Mark :)).  They also have a slow gin fizz, which intrigues me and will need to be tried next.We started off with a couple of shared plates (cod fritters, chips and truffle mayo, olives).  The cod fritters were very good, but the chips used with the truffle mayo could use some work.  Olives are olives...kinda hard to mess those up.As I have given up all animals except for seafood for Lent, I decided to get the standard mussels and frites in white wine sauce.  It was ok, nothing spectacular.  However, perusing the menu, there seems to be somethings I definitely want to try (that tavern burger with pork belly and manchego cheese sounds delicious).So I definitely need to go back once Lent is over so I can try the various meat dishes that they have.
4	We had the pleasure of staying at Auberge Du Vieux Port hotel and this restaurant was attached to it  How convenient.  The drinks are sexy, the decor and servers had a steakpunk vibe to it and the food offerings are "solid" as mentioned by the previous reviewer.  They have good French comfort food, which will remind you of any good bistro.  I had the grilled scallops with Puy lentils and French beans while my boyfriend had the mac and cheese, which was packed with chunks of bacon.  (I only ever experience Puy lentils when I am in Montreal).  We enjoyed our food immensely and wish we could have everything on the menu.  Definitely coming back here next time.
4	Tonight i bought a group of 22 scuba divers from Action Scuba. Despite my calling them with only 2 days notice for such a large group, they were happy to accommodate us. As a group organizer, they were a delight to work with, and were completely gracious about us showing up 1 hour early. Great inexpensive good, terrific service and cozy decor. I highly recommend this spot.
3	I was going to go with Meh, 2 stars, because that's how I feel, but the gal behind the bar deserves a couple stars all her own. 8$ for a small shot of Jameson? Alright, I guess I'll allow it since we're in an old stone room in the old port. This vibe should have been cozy and right up my alley but left me feeling all businessny aaaand shrug. My charming companion ordered the popcorn sweetbreads and they were a bit greasy and flavourless - but these were comp'd when the waitress saw her sad shrug, so I reiterate: much love for the service, but something else here is definitely missing.
3	To reiterate my charming companion, and her meager-looking Jamieson...Came here on a rainy Wednesday @ 6ish. The crowd was a mix of tourists and business folk. I suspect this place is more happening on the week-end. They might want to try a happy-hour drinks/food menu to draw in a more hip, local crowd during off-times.Do NOT order the "popcorn" sweetbreads. I was expecting substantial nuggets of hot, crispy-coated offal with a sweet and sour dipping sauce. What I got was luke-warm, flour-dusted bits of sweetbreads, with some droplets of sauce, drowning in too-large cuts of green onion as garnish... I expect to impart an Asian feeling? Mission not accomplished.The bartender, after giving great service the whole evening, asked what I had thought of them, and promptly took them off my bill after she received a resounding, "Meh?", even though I had ordered nothing else but tap water.In conclusion... Great service, good fancy-business ambiance, probably happening on the weekend, but don't use it as an opportunity to round out your Facebook Food List Challenge.PS. I really want to give this place 2 1/2 stars, but since there's no option it gets 3 'cause I'm nice :)
2	A cozy, old-school tavern built from stone and wood. It's spacious and dimly lit. I love the look and feel, but that's pretty much as far as it goes. Maybe it just so happened to be mediocre the night that I went? I don't know. It was quiet, the food was nothing to write home about, the wine was good. Even our waiter was a little... weird (putting it mildly).They're probably better as a gastropub than a restaurant, I'd go back just once more to make sure.
4	Great spot. Some of the portions sizes were itty-bitty (ie-appetizers). The "cheese platter" had four slices of cheese, which was rather annoying. On the upside, the stead tartar was scrumptious, as were the burgers and the ribs. The place is cozy and warm and chic in a woody, stony, wrought iron-way. Initially, the music was too loud for my Dad so my sister asked them to turn it down...and they did--God bless 'em. The service was fantastic as well.
4	If there are two things I like, they are eating and drinking. And gastropubs really let me do both at the same time very well. So they're already on a good footing with me.Gaspar is a very nice place inside. It has a cozy, warm feeling, with its dim (but not too dim) interior, exposed brick and wood. Tip: you can get in either on Rue de la Commune or Rue Saint Paul, or through the hotel to which it is attached.Both times I came I sat at the bar, and received excellent and friendly service. The first time it was Monday evening, and it was dead (and late November...and cold outside). I had the (BBQ Bourbon Bacon) Burger (that's a lot of Bs). While it was cooked more than I'd have liked (I wasn't asked how I wanted it done, and didn't think to specify...stupid me!) it still tasted very good. Cooked a bit less it could be a top 20 burger for me. I also subbed fries out for cheesy mashed taters (no extra charge) and they were yummy too. Oh, and I had a pint of beer, which was beery good.Second visit, Thursday night and the place was much more hopping. There was live music, drink specials and a generally good vibe in the place. I had steak frites, which was cooked to the medium I specified (I was asked this time) and good, though not exceptional. The fries (aka frites) were very good. The highlight of the meal, believe it or not, was the pea soup which was so good I almost licked the bowl when I finished! You can bet I'll be ordering that again next time I'm there. Oh, and I had a house beer or two ($6/pint).You can bet I'll be back (probably very soon)!
4	Ate breakfast here as part of our stay at Auberge du Vieux-Port, and it did not disappoint. The service was very friendly, the food was tasty and reasonably-priced, and the atmosphere was awesome. Also had drinks the night before, and their house beer was excellent, while cocktails were relatively strong and full of flavor.
3	This place has a serious identity crisis occurring. The decor doesn't know what type of place it should be and the menu has a similar disparity. Seriously, who puts black and white photos, an electric guitar and a religious mural on a wall with southern food on the menu?! Weirdness aside, the food is solid and the service was stellar. I thought my Cobb salad was fine, although the chicken was a large piece and incredibly dry. My husband had the ribs which were HUGE and fall of the bone tender. The sauce had a nice heat and kick to it and the slaw was vinegary and delicious. Our waitress was accommodating and attentive and gave us great suggestions for drinks and other activities for our stay in Montreal. A solid option for food and drinks in a funky atmosphere. If it's not too hot/cold sit outside and it's a great place for people watching.
3	Entering the place, first thing I noticed is the architecture and interior design. Pretty nice ambiance with the massive wooden table and the great lighting.Collins gin-based cocktail was refreshing. Mushroom ragout was quite good with the classic poached egg. Salmon tartare was delicious, fresh and mixed with crispy green apples. Steak frites was just fine, but not well cooked. We ordered it medium rare and it arrived rare.Service was good overall. This restaurant could be an interesting option since it closes late.
5	Absolutely beautiful bar. I saw their design & logo on St. Paul and knew I wanted to go in. Yes they have a list of super expensive wine, and yes it's a $10 cocktail/wine kind of place. That said, it's gorgeous, has an awesome staff, and great drinks (including some beer specials). Come enjoy!
2	I have very mixed feelings about this gastropub. We came here on a quiet Tuesday evening and were told we would have 2 waiters and another waiter in training. Based on that, I thought we would have stellar service, but it was lacking. My husband and I like to try different beer, especially trying local brews. So we decided to try a sampler of 4 of their 10 offerings, only to find out that we did not get to pick which ones to try...really, never heard of that. The beer is nothing to rave about. We both had the Onion Soup which was recommended and I have to say that it was delicious. We were served our entrees right after finishing our soup. I don't understand why restaurants do this...it wasn't crowded and we were not in a rush. Anyway, my Macaroni and cheese was very good- it came out hot and the serving size was large. My husband ordered his steak medium rare and it came out VERY RARE, practically raw! The cut of meat was good and my husband ate it and hoped he wouldn't get sick (he didn't). I like my steak cooked rare and it was a little too rare for me. The fries were good. None of our servers came by to check on us until we were about half way through. We decided to share some Raspberry Sorbet  for dessert. It took 1/2 an hour to get to our table. Oops...we gave it to the wrong table and they ate it (free of charge). When I asked if we would have to pay, the waiter checked and told us it would be taken off our bill. It was delicious and there were 3 large scoops. The atmosphere of the tavern is very appealing, attached to a hotel next door. Oh, and no wifi! It could have been a much better experience for us. Sorry Gaspar, there are many other places to try in Montreal. We won't be back.
4	Though loud with DJ'ed EDM and crowd noise, the food--especially the mussels -- made this a rewarding dining experience.  Did i mention the poutine?  Awesome. Service was fine after it took a while to get the waitress's attention on this busy Saturday night.  The in house lager and stout were very good. Notwithstanding the decibel level, the interior is quite cleverly designed.
3	The food is just ok. I had the cheeseburger and my friend had the pulled pork burger.  Not the most happening place.  Had dificulty getting a reservation but the place was empty.
3	The drinks are great and the food is ok.Nice place to have drinks with friends and try new cocktail.
4	Was a little dissapointed as I was expecting music on a wed. night but apparently that is just Thursdays now. But the waitor was nice the Martini was solid and I enjoyed the French Onion soup made the tradiational way and the salmon tartar which was a mix of raw and cooked salmon., Def worth a try
4	Walked in from the street for a martini. The pour was generous and the bartender was very pleasant. We had a plate with deli meat and assorted cheeses that was quite filling  as a small course. Overall I thought this was a great palace  to have a drink. We saw some seafood dishes going out which looked excellent.
4	I visited this pub for a quick drink and bite to eat whole visiting with a friend. We loved the decor, though if you enter through the upper part of the street you first see an office space. Which was a bit confusing. But once we found our way to the bar we were greeted by a very friendly bartender. I think his name was Matt, he was great!  Gave us suggestions on what beers were a must try, and also suggestions on fare. We had a special burger they had on promotion that week and a cheese platter. The only negative was the dude who sat next to us at the bar talking so loud on his cell phone about how his girlfriend needed to lose then pounds to be hot, for over an hour. That guy was a jerk. But the Tavern was amazing!
