5	I can only really review the orthopedics department at Children's, which I have to give 5 stars for expertise, kindness, and cartoon animal covered hospital gowns. (Hi, Dr. Mendelssohn!)Support staff at the hospital are great, and everyone from the parking valets on up are friendly, helpful, and courteous, especially to terrified little kids.*There used to be an awesome snack cart right inside the hospital parking lot entrance where I'd get a delicious Boston Creme Donut on my way out. I can't guarantee this is still there.
5	This is where I was first diagnosed.  At age nine.  The questions as to why I was going to the bathroom all the time.  Why I was thirsty all the time.  Why I was tired all the time.  It was at my pediatrician's at Children's Hospital that I received the news that would change my life.  At age nine, I was told I had type-1 diabetes.My nine-year-old mind blamed the doctors of course.  I was fine up until that point, right!  They must have put something in me to make me this way.  From that moment forward, everything had to be regimented.  My eating.  My testing my blood sugar.  I learned that I would have to have snacks when I was not hungry.  I learned that several times a day, I would have to prick myself with needles, take insulin, etc.But y'know what?  In looking back, the care I received was wonderful!  They taught me and my parents that it was not the end of the world.  They showed me how it was nobody's fault that this happened.  They taught me how to take my insulin.  I learned through stories and children's books how to do this.  Much was being learned about diabetes back then (1986) and I discovered that I could still have a lot of the same foods I always liked.Let me say that Children's guided me and my parents through all of this.  No, diabetes is not the end of the world for a 9-year old girl.  But they taught me well that everything changes when you're a diabetic.  Thanks to them, while I admit that I am not always a good girl when it comes to eating, I am meticulous about my healthcare.  I get my heart, teeth, kidneys, and feet checked on a regular basis.  I've become more consciencious about the obesity problem in this country.  And since I've long "graduated" to Magee Women's Hospital, I still thank Children's for what they've taught me.
5	I was an accident prone kid and spent a lot of time in Children's ER for various broken bones and concussions... haha! I haven't seen the new hospital but I've heard it is gorgeous! The old hospital wasn't bad either. The care I received there was fantastic, the nurses, techs, clerks, and docs were excellent. :)
5	This facility is top notch. The staff is friendly and child sensitive at every turn. We have had two surgeries first thing in the morning and they talk softly, keep the lights off, and give you time while your child sleeps away. Their patience is very impressive and the results are incredible. The skills of the physicians are remarkable and my child is living proof. If you have a child that needs care you can be confident in your decision to take the to Children's Hospital in Pittsburgh.Very Highly Recommended.
1	Do not uses the urgent care center in the south hills.  I took my daughter there and it was so dirty and I felt like I was at a free clinic.  They had rusty sinks, writing on the patient beds, and even dirt on doors and corners of the room.  Waiting room was very nice until you get a room.  Had great expectations because my husband and I have used Mede press for ourselves however had hoped that this would work great for our daughter but we will never be back!
5	We see Dr. Vockley for my son's genetic disorder (VLCADD) in addition to our local geneticist. He's great and the staff at Children's have always been pleasant to work with. The facility is very large and I've had to ask for directions more than once, but it's not overwhelming and, like I mentioned, the staff is friendly and will quickly direct you to where you need to go.
5	Talk about a beautiful hospital inside and out.  I was a frequent visitor to children's when I was younger, which was before it was located in Lawrenceville.  However, the other day I was lucky enough to visit this place in good health, and I was amazed by the beauty and the little additions and details that this place makes to make this place even more beautiful.
5	My daughter had a liver transplant here in September 2012. Everyone, from the  surgeons to housekeeping, is wonderful.
5	I burst into the Children's Hospital ER with my daughter in my arms. Her breathing was labored. She was just over a year old. I was a new mom, and I was terrified. Just three days earlier, her doctor had assured me this was just a cold- she'd be fine, he said. But when I checked on her and her breathing was shallow, I knew that wasn't the case. Enter Children's Hospital. I was frantic. I was terrified. They were wonderful- the staff was reassuring, they helped me as much as they could, ran a few tests, and found that she had pneumonia. Two days later, I was taking home my all-better little girl. I have never had a good experience with a hospital- this one's different. These people genuinely care about the kids. it's more than a medical healing center- they quell your fears. They play and act silly to cheer the kids up. If you're in the city and have a kid, this is where you want to go.
5	Best hospital in town. They have helped my kid through her asthma many times. I'm glad we have one in Pittsburgh.
5	I'm biased - I work here. Great hospital that offers wonderful service to the children and families of Pittsburgh. Again, I am biased, but I have always felt that the nurses and administration of this hospital have kept the children (patients) in the forefront, and have never forgotten their mission - to provide superior care to those children who need it. I am proud of this place, and hope that it will be my "work home" for the entirety of my career.
5	Absolutely an amzimg hospital. Really fun for children when your in there  are different colors. A childrens play room. Each exam room is a different theme to keep the child distracted and stimulated. Every nurse, doctor,anastesthiolgist  admissions staff  the people who were with our son when he woke up and discharged him,were awesome super friendly and knowledgable, nice made you feel comfortable and did a great job with our son. I reccomend this hospital. Thank you to all the staff.
