5	Southwest Veterinary Oncology is a division of Southwest Veterinary Referral Center, which offers a variety of veterinary specialists in one location.  The oncologist is actually in North Scottsdale twice weekly, which was an added bonus.We met with Dr. Hillers to discuss Big Sexy's treatment options for basal cell carcinoma around his ear.  Our regular vet indicated it would probably be surgery, but suggested we get a specialist involved.  Based only on our initial consultation, I can give Dr. Hillers nothing less than 5 stars.  She was pleasant, good with Mr. Fabulous (Big Sexy, not my husband), and clearly an expert in her field.  Without question, she was interested in doing what's best for the cat, and not the clinic's finances.Based on the cat's age, intolerance for stress (yes, he pooped once in my car, twice in their office), and other health conditions, she advised neither radiation therapy (5 days per week!) nor radical surgery were the best options, especially given the cost vs the likelihood that the tumors would return anyway.  Instead, she suggested use of a topical cream marketed for the two-legged population, which can be applied at home and will hopefully result in making Big Sexy more comfortable.  We were given the option of a chest x-ray for a metastatic check, but were not encouraged to get it unless we felt it would change our preferred course of treatment.  My husband insisted we get it for my peace of mind, and we were promptly e-mailed the radiologist's report so that we could ignore his recommendation anyway:)The consultation was very reasonably priced, and the bloodwork and x-rays were comparable to what my regular vet charges.  I really do highly recommend Dr. Hillers if you're in a similar situation.
5	I brought my little one here after she broke her leg. The staff was so great with her, caring and compassionate. I had to live her over night and the staff let me call 3 times to check on her lol... I'm sure they were like this lady is crazy, but they understood that she is my baby and I was just so worried. They made everything from making an appointment to having the surgery so easy for us!! Thank you so much to the doctors and staff for helping this emotional process much easier!!!
5	This place has saved my dog not once but twice! All the doc are amazing, they are sweet and understand! The front office is so helpful and caring! My dog had one back surgery and I love them!!  I drive from Scottsdale just because they are the best!!
