4	WE'RE TALKING ABOUT LAS VEGASIt's a perfect morning with little breeze and a slight chill in the air reminding us that Autumn is a good time to be in Las Vegas.Yes this balloon fest isn't close to the world famous Albuquerque NM balloon fest or anywhere else.  It's for Las Vegas and you should be proud of it.Be sure to check with the event's official website: www.lasvegasballoofestival.com before heading out. Our Yelp event positing differs and of course doesn't account for last minute changes to the three day event.We showed up at 5am and nothing occurred until 6:30am. A haven for camera buffs.I'll let Yu-go chauffeurs photos do the rest of the talking.Enjoy !
5	Thanks to Teri C. for creating this event way, way back--I said "I'm in!" a long time ago and then, bam, it's the end of October already!  My son and I got up early, parked at the hospital, ran some miles in the neighborhood and got back in time to watch the balloons start to launch around 7:15am.  At first I thought there would only be 3 or 4 because there weren't that many getting set up, but then it turned out to be at least 9 or 10.  There were also three balloons in the sky that launched from another location.  So, it's not a huge festival, but it's free and definitely a cool thing to see up close.  I'm glad that we got to go and we even ran into Teri C. and her family there.  A perfect way to start a beautiful October morning in Las Vegas.  You should definitely go next year; we will be back.  Up, up, and away!
5	I don't come from Albuquerque where the biggest Balloonfest is held but I do come from Canton, Ohio where they have the Football Hall of Fame Balloon Festival every year. My mom even crewed for several of the balloon teams through out the years growing up. They took off from our backyard where we got to help with all of it, "earning" our rides. Thank you to Yelp for bringing this event to my attention! I couldn't get up for the launches, dang it I like sleeping but we did make it down for the Glow on Saturday night. I was so excited to show the BF a piece of my childhood! It was an awesome to reminisce and though this was a far stretch of what the Balloon Classic is, only five balloons at the Glow tonight, it is enough to satisfy an old memory. The Glow is where the hot air balloons inflate and tether, stay to the ground, and hit their propane fueled guns to light up the balloons. They do waves and random light ups and popcorn, where they do short bursts. It's a cool thing to see and a great picture shots! Now imagine more of them! That's how the Balloon Classic is. I think now I'll try to make my way to Albuquerque next year to experience it! Thanks again Yelp! Another reason you're fantastic!
