5	SKECHERS ROCK!!! I know these shoes are just a couple of notches from the generic WAL MART, TARGET, KMART and PAYLESS brand shoes but I still love them. They have great styles and they always have all black shoes which is a must have for work. they have width sizing for the freaks of nature like yours truly. I can honestly say that these shoes are the most comfortable shoes ever! They are durable and this is evident from my 14 year old brown mud stompers. If I had to chose between my comfy Skechers and a pair of Air Jordans at the risk of having the same shoes as hospital and dental workers. No contest. Skechers wins!!!!
5	I've been to my share of shoe stores but have never had an experience like I did with this one. This store looks like any typical Skechers store. We walked in were greeted and made well aware that there was people to help us if we needed anything. I was looking for an in between shoe that day, not a tennis shoe not a fancy shoe. I decided I wanted to get the biker shoes, look like tennis shoes but aren't and they just slip on -- excellent for airport security purposes.I liked four so I asked for all four to try on. I approached a sales person and he asked for my name and also introduced himself via handshake (first sign that this was going to be a pleasant experience). I don't think I've experienced that kind of introduction at any retail store I've been to lately. He came out promptly with my shoes and an extra. He said they were the new running shoe they had just gotten and he brought it out to show me and try on if I'd like. At first I was a little iffy about that, kinda like I'm not here to buy a running shoe buddy don't waste your time. BUT THEN I did what the store (and sales tactic wanted me to do), I tried it on while I waited for him to bring me out more shoes. AND I liked it! What the heck, I wasn't even looking to buy a tennis shoe now I was trying one on and totally in love with it. I didn't end up buying the tennis shoes he brought out because I was truly not in the market for that type of shoe at that time, but I'm so glad he did because that will be the next shoe I buy. It fit like a glove and it was very light weight. I really give props to Skechers for the marketing ploy, it worked on me. I may not have bought the shoe but now I will in the near future. A shoe I would have never picked out to try on.  We bought our shoes and went on our way. I left the store with a smile and another handshake on the way out.
5	Earlier this week, I was shopping at the Las Vegas Premium Outlets and bought a pair of sandals from the Skechers store there. I wanted to wear these sandals to work, but after trying them on at home with some of my work clothes, they didn't seem to match very well. I know that the Skechers retail stores do carry some of the same shoes that are sold at the outlets. The return policy on the back of the receipt stated that returns and exchanges are accepted within 30 days. However, I was curious about finding out if I could actually do an exchange at the regular full-priced store. So I called this store, and to my surprise, the employee told me that as long as I had my receipt, they accepted returns or exchanges even if I made a purchase at the outlet store. Sweet!! Another plus for me was that driving to Fashion Show Mall was closer and more convenient than driving back to the Premium Outlets (although I do love to shop there!)Even though the prices were a little higher, I'm glad I did the exchange here because there was more of a selection for me to choose from. Ended up paying a $16 difference, but at least I was happy with these new shoes! The employees were very nice about the exchange, although they seemed kind of nervous and stressed because the manager was watching them and telling them to do certain things. Just an FYI- this store is located outside the mall, facing the Wynn.
4	The draw for me to come into the store was the buy one get the second for half price.  Those prices can't be beat in Canada so I was keen to find 2 pairs of shoes.  The service wasn't the best, sometimes you go into a store and you sense that the salestaff aren't really enjoying their job or maybe having a bad day.I chose a pair of shoes that I can use at the gym and another laceless pair for walking.  Both shoes came to under $100 without tax.  For that price, I would probably be only able to buy the runners in Canada.  Another trip coming home with Skechers.  I don't think I've bought more than 3 pairs of the 10 I've had in Canada.  Am happy with the price but the service was alright.
5	I've been to a lot of Skechers stores lately. My boyfriend's been on a Skechers fix. So I went in there to buy a gift card for his birthday coming up.Salesperson was friendly, informed me that the gift card can be used at any Skechers, even the outlet malls or online. I resisted the urge to look for shoes for me, but definitely some good styles came out lately. Next time...I definitely like that they are in Fashion Show Mall. Makes it very convenient!
4	So, I was introduced to Skechers by a very dear friend of mine. He bought me a pair, which I must say were and still are very comfortable. I have worn them daily to work. Being the type of person that gets hooked on a particular brand of shoes, stepping into these was a huge feat. Being a nurse comfort is my first idea when purchasing shoes. Not only for my feet but my back as well. I purchased a second pair of Skechers recently at one of the outlet stores. These particular shoes were suppose to be better than the last pair and made to target the pressure points in ones foot. Yeah right!  While in LV I came upon the Skechers store on the strip, right across from the Wynn. I took myself and my sore little feet into this store. I spoke with the associate in regards to purchasing a better pair of shoes. She inquired as to why I did not like the pair I had on, an I discussed my concerns with her. In the end I did purchase another pair of shoes. The same style as the ones the love of my life had gifted to me. Who would have known a man could know just what would make my feet feel good?  Ha ha never doubt those that know you best. Will I return to this particular store?  Perhaps in the future I might. Will I purchase another pair of shoes from an outlet, I really can't say. What I do know is I am in awe with the way my feet feel on a daily basis. I have also come to see that these shoes have lasted longer than the other brand I usually purchase. I will be investing in Skechers again. The prices are reasonable, the quality is great as far as I am concerned. Perhaps my discount Skechers were just of low quality.  Tis why they were on the cheap side?!? As for those discounted Skechers I left them at the store in LV. The associated stated they would make a welcome gift for a homeless person.
5	I only like going in here for the free gumballs from the machine.
