3	I come here like once a month.  But today I got a pedi from a new employee, who is an older man I was like could you scrub harder? He was like my wrist hurt I told him he was in the wrong profession.  Every time I go the DD has to come over to clip the in grown toe nails so that tells me they are not skilled.  But she always does my mani's gel nails with cute designs however the rhinestones always fall off. I will return but I will only allow her to provide service.
1	Called and they told me they had no wait. Got right in bc all I needed was a fill with clear gel over it....I asked the guy to please make the nails as short as possible, as in I want them to look naturally short. He proceeded to burn my fingertip of my pinky and then ARGUE WITH ME about the fact that because I want them so short he has no choice in it burning my fingertips. I explained to him that this isn't my first go around at having this done and that you can IN FACT NOT burn a CUSTOMER on their fingers with their tools....He was very quiet at that point, would not even speak to me. He quit the cut-down only to start filling in my nails before he had primed them. I asked him about it and he quickly mumbled something to the side and several of the workers in there stopped and looked up at him and then me....I felt very uncomfortable about things after that....he continued to prime my nails but had only cut down two. I asked him if he would be cutting down the rest of my nails and he was very defensive and said "yes, of course but you no want to be burn so I do later"....He finally got the filling done and he went very quickly from that point to filing and shooing me out the door. He didn't bother to ask if my nails were short enough (any stylist who wants a tip or even to treat their customers right would), they still are NOT how I wanted them but I was not going to let him burn my fingertips or screw up my nails any further than he already had! I tried to just walk out but a my conscience told me that he still has to make a living even if he sucks at it. He charged me MORE than what he told me over the phone and that was after I told him that no I don't want any polish on it just a clear coat. I asked him why it was more than what he told me over the phone and he said bc he did gel nail top coat. I tried to tell him that first I shouldn't be paying him a DIME bc he argued with me and secondly I certainly shouldn't be paying him extra bc I asked him the price over the phone and he should've included that in his quote over the phone. I paid the ridiculous charge and LEFT zero tip.
5	I love this place! DD and her crew are amazing! They just made 2 yrs at this location today and I am proud of them and happy to be a regular customer. Their prices are reasonable and their designs are on point!!
3	I've been here three times now and I do like it. My nails come out good. Although I wish they had more colors for polish. My toes however didn't come out good. I went yesterday and I'm positive the lady who did them made a joke about me. My two big toes the polish is already coming off after one shower. I'm hoping to go back today and get it fixed.I do enjoy watching tv while getting my nails and toes done though.
1	me and my friend went here for acrylic toenails they were trying to talk us out of getting them on account of how lazy they are they always wanna argue and huff and puff granted they close to my house so I went but I can say I'm never going there again and neither is my friend blow the dust off that place I'm done
1	I got my toes done 3 days ago there all ready chipping smh this place doses not take there time at all on beauty its just lets hurry up and push them out i herd one lady wanted a upper lip  wax the guy told her come back tomorrow wft is that about never again rude & loud service not relaxing what so ever!
5	while traveling from Las Vegas to Cabo, I had a 3 hour layover in Phoenix. one errand that I did not have time for before I left was a mani/pedi. so I decided to spend my time in Phoenix wisely. I google-mapped the closest nail salon and took a cab to DD's Nails. while it was very busy, as it was a Saturday afternoon, I was serviced pretty swiftly. I dropped a few hints that I was in a rush and towards the end two of the younger technicians were working on me :) I felt bad for the people waiting but a girl has to do what a girl has to do. ha! so thanks to all at DD's Nails! u saved my vacation pictures!
5	They are so sweet here. I'm always on the road and it's always a gamble when I go get my nails done, but I'm so happy that ended up here. She really took her time and did a beautiful job on my nails. The pedicure was great from the man tech as well. The place is clean and they're doing renovations on the salon. I feel like they care a little more about nails here and it shows in their work. I would be a regular if i lived here.
1	My mom and I thought we would give this place a shot today for pedicures after reading some decent reviews on it and left very unhappy. First of all the people in there weren't very friendly, they never once introduced themselves Then, while the guy that did my toes was okay (mainly because I did a solid color and glitter, nothing too crazy) after he was done painting my toes, he got up and went to work on another client, never asked if I wanted to sit under the drying table, didn't help put my sandals on, nothing. My mom had the worst experience though. The girl that was doing my moms pedicure cut my moms toes a couple of times with the cuticle tool, my mom said it hurt, flinched a couple of times, and the girl I think figured out she was hurting her. Then after we had already been in there close to an hour (mind you we only asked for the basic pedicure) the girl hadn't started painting my moms toes yet and my and I both tried to tell her a few times that we had to leave, and the girl smiled and kept taking her time, one guy finally translated, I think that we had to leave soon. She finally finished my moms toes, as she was putting my moms shoes on she screwed up a nail, had to redo it and we finally left. I don't quite understand how it can take over an hour to do a basic pedicure with polish and neither of us even sat under a drying table, I was at least able to sit in the pedicure chair until the girl finished my moms toes.If you aren't in a bind and can go else where, do, otherwise you will probably leave frustrated.
5	another wonderful experience at dd's, i have been going here for almost a year now & i love it! i have even brung friends who have become regulars! first of all, every time i walk in im greeted with smiling faces & they remember what i get!  this means they pay attention! than i never wait too long even if they are busy, which they are sometimes but it's completely worth the wait!!! the massage chairs are super comfortable & the water is always just right. the younger girl who is new but shes great! very detailed & careful about how she does your pedicure!! dd herself is always pleasant & welcoming! she does an amazing job & the prices are perfect! i will continue to go here, bring my friends, & turn down any other nail salon! #anothersuccessfulvisit thanks dd!
3	Service is still great and fast. Looks like they have done some renovations since the last time I was there. More stations and flat screen tv's. .nice..NYE nails..
