2	This is for Deb:I drove to the box that talks back.  I ordered a Quarter Pounder with cheese meal.  With a Diet Coke.  Yeah, I drink Diet.  Not because I think it will even out the bad of the meal, simply because that's what I drink.I got my food quickly.  I barely remember eating it and gave the last few bites of my burger to the dog, along with a few fries.  The fries were good.The ice in my cup was really, really cold.
1	This Mc Donalds is no better than any of the other  Mc Donalds that are out there.
4	Staff are very friendly, a lot of times the hashbrowns and fries taste and smell like the fish.  Need to cook the fish in a separate fryer.  Clean inside and outside.
5	Why am I reviewing a McDonalds? Because I have to tell you about how awesome the employees at this specific location are! I normally go there during lunch or in the morning, they are always courteous and they get the orders out really fast. Recently, on what can only be described as the world telling me to go screw myself, I had locked my car keys in my office, only to realize it when I was at the park and ride in Tempe after taking the 45 minute light rail trip, having to go back to my office, where the alarm was activated which meant no access, to having a dead cell phone and a debit card sitting comfortably at home, I had to walk to a nearby walgreens and purchase an 18 dollar phone charger. The girl at the walgreens said they couldn't plug my phone to an outlet to charge. At this point it is dark outside, and I can't even remember the phone number of anyone that lives in this city to come and pick me up.So I am walking alone on central avenue at 7:30 at night and I make it to this mcdonalds, and I ask if they will charge my phone for me and they do! I might as well eat dinner, so i order off the value menu and get my food. While I'm sitting there wondering what in the world I did before smart phones. Talk to strangers that's what.  After a nice conversation with a woman who was eating her dinner before going to work, I was handed a milkshake that had to be remade because the customer asked for no whipped cream, the girl said I should have it because I was having such a bad night.So thank you MCDonald's employees, I will visit this location even is its just to buy an iced tea and I will forever be grateful!
3	Very fast coffee in three minutes,not open 24yrs here but really fast on getting your order.
3	GONE.The sign is down; the store is empty. This happened a couple weeks ago, about the time that the architecturally impressive McDonald's staffed by zombies opened on 7th Avenue and Indian School.On my one past visit, this one wasn't irritating to the point of berserk rage, which for McDonald's is a major success.
4	CLOSED! This McDonalds has closed. Gone are the days when I used to conveniently walk here from work to pick up a drink on my break or get some coffee in the morning. Apparently the sales at this restaurant were not enough so it moved to a new location in a more centrally located area with easier access for customers.Funny thing is I still see people try to go through the drive-tru and park to go into the restaurant.
