4	Ok so Walmart is supposed to be Walmart no matter which Supercenter you go to.  First off of the five I have shopped at in the West Valley they have had 3 different floor plans.  So there is a difference in finding stuff.  I was getting tired of the experience at the one I used to shop at on the way home from work so I checked out 2 others.  This one is by far the best Supercenter I have ever been in.  I have to pass by two others and my apartment to get to this one.  The floors are clean, the parking lot is clean, it is well lit inside, there is plenty of aisle space, all of the shelves are stocked neat and orderly.  They even have produce that looks like you might want to eat it.  They always keep enough registers open to service the number of people in the store.   Everybody that works there is friendly and willing to help you lift, find, whatever.  I have now been going about once a week for 2 months and unless something changes this is MY Walmart.  I did ask a couple of the check out people why this store is so much more pleasant to shop in and one of them responded that the manager has a vision of what his store should be and makes sure the entire staff buys into it.Yes it's Walmart but as long as they keep it up this store deserves the 4 I gave it.
3	Convenient location and makes for a quick shopping experience. This Walmart is spacious, clean (yes!), and it has a pretty fast checkout. They are always well stocked. The employees are friendly.What more can I say?
1	I went in for an oil change thinking this would be quick and easy.  Uhm... not so much.  It took her a much longer to check me in than I expected ~ 5-10 minutes ~ and then my van sat there for more than 20 minutes with what seemed to be a small team of technicians floating around.  Worst of all, I wandered away for a few minutes (ya, easy access to the evil store within) and when I come back I see the van pulling away.  HUH!?!?!?!!!!   I asked where the van was going and she said "not far".  Um... I DON'T THINK SO!    I went out side to see where it went and it was parked outside.  WTF?   I go back in, she hollers at tech person sitting in the office and he comes out and says "we had to decline it".  He said there's a dent in the oil pan and its right by the plug.  They cannot service it.  Well OK.  I cannot give you guys a good review.  You WASTED 45 minutes that I didn't have.  The oil pan is not their fault, just the lame, lazy attitude and overall waste of time is.  First and last time I go here.Note that their basic oil change is $30.  I the same service plus a carwash AT THE DEALERSHIP for less than $30.  It's not as convenient, but its where I'm going from now on.
2	Walmart just runs a gong show everyday. The aisles are always blocked and all the workers are always in a bad mood, I don't blame them though I would be too if I was treated as poorly as they are. Walmart is good for if you need something when your drunk at like 3 in the morning and everything else is closed.
1	AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL.  I waited for 32 minutes to get fabric cut. Their assistant manager, Isaiah,  said "oh well it looks like we didn't call anyone into that department". When I called the store and asked for a manager on my cell while IN the store,  their operator said "geeze everyone is asking for a manager today".  Well duh.....your management sucks.  Thanks to this store, I refuse to shop walmart. EVER.
1	Okay, okay. I know what you're thinking. You went to the Walmart. For an oil change. But let me explain.  I HATE spending money on my car. I want my car to get me from point A to point B and could care less about aesthetics and maintenance. I am told however, that routine oil changes are necessary to keep the car in working order.  After driving roughly 3,000 miles over the suggested change date on the helpful sticker, I decided it's probably time. This is where the Walmart comes in. You go to the Walmart for things you hate spending money on like Q-tips and socks and Chapstick. I should have known better.The oil service was not busy. I waited for ten minutes outside to even be checked in. The woman told me it would be 45 minutes for the oil change. I figured I would go run some errands with my mom and pick it up later. I came back a few hours later. The oil service team seemed quite hostile, even though it was 30 minutes before closing time. The manger made passive aggressive comments about how they tried to call me and it's my responsibility to update my phone number in their system so that they can contact me in case they need me to sign some paperwork. Woops. They cancelled my oil service because I was not there. After politely telling them that I could come back if they were closing, they had me sign the forms and took my car in to be serviced. After another 20 minutes, they rang me out with a lot of hostile glaring and rudeness. YOU CAN'T BE BETTER THAN ME IF YOU WORK AT THE WALMART. I will gladly pay the extra $20 at the Jiffy Lube to never experience that again.
3	Convenient, friendly.  A good experience.
1	Eek.the auto department is sucks... I went there today just wanna make the balance of my tire.I walked in and told the old man who doing register that I wanna make balance.and he took my name and my phone number and some information of my car and told me I need wait at least for 2 hours.I told him that's fine and signed the pepper he gave to me and left.after 2hours I went back to there and gets all excited ask him if im good to go.and he laughed and look at me like very funny way.and he told me that they did not do it because my back tire was no good.and I have to change the tire they can order for me on line.I can come back tomorrow.I am not happy at all it does not make any sense.because I just changed my front passenger side.other 3 tires are fine. and the other guy named Jason i think.he was trying to explain me everything.he was nice and I believed him.so after that I told him how about help me do the front 2 tires.and he say OK .so I wait another 15min and they come told me that my driver side tire is no good too.they could not make it.I was sooooo upset.after all I just left without make the balance of my car.I was not happy at all with the long time waiting.(at least 3hours)there customer service was sucks.because once they found out they could not make it why not just call me instead let me wait for 3 hours long.they just waited me go back there and look at me like very funny.so which mean if i go back like 5 hours later they still wont call.I live just behind this  walmart I have been always goes.but this is a bad experience here I would not go back to their auto service again.
1	I hate this walmart MORE than I hate most walmarts!!! this is like that bad rash you have that you HOPE will go away with a trip to the free clinic but only gets worse and your are forced to amputate!!
1	In brief, avoid the Wal-Mart auto center at this store.  My wife took our car in to get the tires rotated, the workers told my wife that they refused to rotate the tires as they were so worn down and told her that the car needed immediate replacement of all 4 tires or she was risking a blowout leaving the parking lot.  I told my wife to take the car to Discount tire to see what they said.  When she told the high pressure salesman she was leaving she was told that she was a "fool" and they then took over 10 minutes to find the keys so she could leave.  Discount looked at the tires and said that we had at least 15-20,000 miles left on the tires.  Last month the battery on our other car started going out, and when I looked at the battery to see where to take it for the warranty, it was Wal-Mart.  Ok, we had to go back or pay for a new battery (in hindsight should have gone to another Wal-Mart auto, my mistake).   We were told that our alternator was bad and or the started, no way the battery was bad.  I insisted that they test the battery and they again tried to tell me that the alternator was bad even when the battery tester was showing it was in the "replacement" zone.   The guy finally agreed that they would replace the battery for free as it was still under the full replacement time frame.  It gets better.  There was no one else there getting a car worked on.  Not one oil change, tire rotation, wiper replacement, nothing.  Guy told us that it would be 45 to 60 minutes to get the battery replaced.  Fine, I will sit in the waiting room.  His look made it obvious that my waiting did not please him.  Finally after he spent 10 minutes playing on his cell phone he called someone up who took the keys and replaced the battery in 5 minutes.  I don't know what it is that makes these scammers here feel that they can treat customers so poorly, but they do it.
1	Worst walmart ever! Go there late on the way home from work sometimes and now I never will again. It's filthy dirty and the service is horrible. They have pallets all over the place and you can't navigate the isles and the stockers don't help accommodate you they will watch you have to go out of your way to come around the other side to grab stuff. Most humans would say let me move this so you can get by or can I grab u something NOPE. Wait 45 minuets in a long line with one register open. Horrible never returning.
1	The furniture manager is a fool. She heard us say we needed help and ran away. We proceeded to ask another employee to help us; he said no he would not but eventually called her. She never showed. A young guy who didn't even work in that department helped us to get the dressers we wanted. Maybe he should be the manager because he is apparently the only person willing to work. It's a good thing he showed up because we were about to leave!There are so many Walmarts in the world that it will be no hardship to go to another. I will not return to this location because I believe that as a respectful customer I deserve better service than a runaway manager.
2	There is one lady at the Customer Service counter who is terrible. She had a rude attitude with me when I tried to return something without a receipt. She kept asking if I was sure I bought it there. I wanted to laugh in her face. It was like pulling teeth trying to get store credit!I added a star because I HAVE encountered friendly staff here, but this particular lady needs to take her bad attitude outside of her workplace.
1	I hate going to Walmart in general, but this one is the most annoying Walmart ever!!!!! It's always crowded, no matter what day of the week it is.The only time its not is after 10 or 11 pm.Then you have employees stocking shelves with huge pallets in your way.They sometimes even block off whole isles with them so you cant even go down the aisle.Also the employees glare at you if you dare try to manuver around the road blocks.Sorry dont be open 24 hours if you hate when people shop late.Also, during the day, the clientele  consists of old people who never get out of your way, morbidly obese moms with thier screaming brats who block the whole aisle with thier girth.Families consisting of 25 mexicans all shopping together.Forget about a quick trip in here, its like shopping among zombies who walk slow, and are always in the way.They dont even have hand held shopping baskets for use if you ony need a few items.Its like they want to trap you in the store, by making you push a damn cart which takes longer and is annoying.After all that, you have the option to either wait in a huge line to check out, since they only ever have 1 checkout line open, or you can help greedy walmart by scanning and bagging your own items so god forbid, they wont have to pay a cashier 7.90 an hr to do it.Ugg and forget about the pharmacy, always a line pf oldies, taking forever asking pharmacist stupid questions, or theyll just try and cut you in line, since theyre soooooo important and entitled.If you ever want to lose faith in humanity, please shop at thos Walmart.
