5	Kristine D and company have been taking care of us for yours.  We've worked with realtors in 4 different states and the service here is second to none.  Every need is anticipated for and well taken care of.  they offer great direction with mortgages as well, have worked about 6 deals with the company they referred me to years ago.  they have taken amazing care of everyone we ever sent to them.They care about building relationships as much as selling the home...which as it turns out, helps in selling homes!!!
5	We had been dreading purchasing our first home for a while now. Not only was it a scary experience but there were tons of horror stories that we had heard from friends and co-workers who were already on their 2nd or 3rd home. Many lenders had suggested a "certain" realtor and as we found found-that isn't always the best choice. Our lender, however highly suggested Gus Palmisano. We came in skeptical but chose to call him anyway. Something about that first call seen RIGHT. I left a message and 5 minutes later he called back. He was pleasant and sounded sincere. But-the real test would be when we met in person so we set up a meeting. He gave us time to let us know his personal standards when it came to offers and negotiations as well as inform us of the process EACH AND EVERY step. In addition, he was available from 7am-10pm every day of the week. WHO does that?!  The relationship became trustful from the start. It was though he was working as hard as he could like we were his ONLY clients. (Obviously, we weren't).  We had looked at  various homes and Gus would point out certain things about the home that we failed to miss. Additionally, there were things that I had my heart set on (such as a gas stove and no HOA) which he kindly mentioned pros and cons of these specifics. I am glad he did because our brand new home has both of these an we absolutely LOVE it!!!  I should point out that Gus is always punctual, prepared and has the integrity that we were not only looking for but is unheard of in the real estate business. Our bigest fear was overpaying and not knowin what we were getting-but Gus was there to inform us about various options for purchase. At the end of the day, we bought our first home $25,000 under asking as well as had a cleaning crew come in by the owner voluntarily. Our lender, title company, realtor and seller was an absolute perfect scenario. THIS is how i always imagined homebuying to be!!!  We are now ready to start our family now that everything else is in place. It has been a month since we have closed and Gus just came by to check up on us. This man is like family now!!
5	Before I fawn over Rhonda White, I must first disclose that I have known her personally for 30 years but I won't let that cloud my judgment. I have never worked with her in any professional capacity and in fact had no clue about her ability as a realtor. My wife and I are from Southern CA and wanted to purchase a rental home in the greater Phoenix area.  While we weren't in a hurry, she was very patient with us. Once we were committed to go ahead, she did her homework with her property manager, location, rental pool, etc.She viewed many properties for us, found one and continued to view more until she advised us to purchase "the one".  She is very detailed and pragmatic in her approach to completing the transaction.I know she helps other friends that are relocating to the area to purchase a home. A rental is a completely different transaction altogether.I would highly recommend her if you are looking to buy a rental as between her and the guy that manages rental properties, they know the best location for you to buy.
