4	The place was packed during brunch time.  If you have a big party make sure someone gets downstairs to wait in line first.  We only had 2 people and we waited in life for about 20 minutes.  Though it was busy, the service was good and fast.  We had the smoked ham and cheddar cheese omelet, a fruit bowl, and filet and crab cake benedict  for breakfast.  Pricey but very tasty!  Good poriton, sure to get you full.
2	I ordered the following and HATED it:1. Chicken noodle soup - bland and tasteless2. Nachos supreme with all the good stuff on it.. well turns out it wasn't all that good stuff. They managed to put a LOT of cheese just on top and it was very hard to seperate the chips from each other to eat. Kinda stale tasting too. I would never recommend this place
4	The Sherwood Cafe is located in the Excalibur Casino. Now, why am I reviewing it? Well, one thing I noticed in my brief stay in Debauchery-Land is that the restaurant selection is surprisingly poor. No, I don't want to pay $30 for an all you can eat steak buffet ok? This option out, you are in for some limited choices. The Sherwood Cafe however is your standard breakfast place, except with a Keno board on the wall. The prices are somewhat high ($10) but what can you do eh? They serve typical breakfast and lunch attire and vegetarian options exist. The food turned out to be decent, and the coffee floweth. This was a nice reprieve, booth and all, from the noise of the slots and the gaudy attractions.
2	After checking in, we decided to eat at the nearest food spot in the hotel. I ordered the country fried steak and my friend orders the pecan crusted chicken. The portion sizes were huge and way too filling. Like bad. The best part of the meal was the side of mash which was very good actually. My friend hated his order and barely ate it. We managed to leave with stomach aches that lasted only for an hour or so.The service was friendly but they seemed overwhelmed by the amount of customers. Prices were on the cheap and maybe so is the food. One note, we were told by others that breakfast is the only thing to order here..... Then next morning we did the buffet....why....
4	It was about 3:00 in the morning.  I stumbled barefoot from the clubs on the Vegas strip and walked, yes WALKED, from the club to Excalibur where my hotel room awaited.  My buddies wanted to continue the night on the casino floor, gambling whatever they had left away before heading back to the room.  I was hungry.We stumbled upon Sherwood Forest Cafe and it looked so tempting.  Wait, it didn't look tempting, the decor was pretty Medieval Times cheesy...  I think I was just drunk and hungry. The little old lady that worked there was extremely kind, providing water first to me and my buddies and I recall her saying "Here's some water for you kids.  It's the desert and I know, I know it's dry out there."  So we placed our orders and everything on the menu looked tempting.  I ordered a mushroom Swiss burger and french onion soup.  My friend ordered the Excalibur Omelet.Perhaps I was hungry or just plain drunk, the burger was absolutely delicious.  The meat patty was not over cooked, juicy, and flavorful.  The French onion soup was really delicious as well.In conclusion, I'd say that Sherwood Forest Cafe is a perfect late-night, affordable (even after a night of clubbing), and convenient place to eat for those staying at Excalibur. P.S.  I had leftover French onion soup in the morning, and it was still delicious.
3	Sherwood Forest Cafe is a casino coffee shop. That can sum it up, really! We ate here twice during our stay (once sober, and once, not so much). The first time, it was in between lunch and dinner, so our server, Pat, was pretty attentive. I had the baked potato soup and a chicken avocado sandwich. The soup was delish. BFF also had the French onion soup, which he loved. We noticed that most people ordered a soup, which we attributed to the super powered air conditioner in Excalibur. My sandwich was huge and really good. I ate half and was stuffed. For our late night/early morning visit, there was a short line. Service was not as quick, but that was to be expected. We ended up getting our food to go so I could pass out. Let's be honest, Yelpers.
5	this place is very good, our waiter patricia was totally awsome, she had a good sense of humor when she cam to our table, the food was very low in price. this cafe is open 24 hours a day. we went at 12am in the night. I ordered the french dip and my GF ordered A chicken salad and the salad was big, I recommend this place to anyone who wants to eat late night.
3	We just had dessert here, but it was pretty decent.  For being a 24 hour place in a casino it wasn't too bad.  The waitress was also very nice- much more so than I typically experience at 1am in a place that never closes.Bottom line: I wouldn't come here for a fancy dinner, but for a quick bite to eat (especially after a night out) it seems like a good place.On a side note: Despite it's location in one of the more budget-oriented hotels, this place is leaps and bounds ahead of similar establishments at some of the other higher end places (yes, that means you Red, White, and Blue restaurant at Mandalay Bay).
2	Can anyone say Denny's with a tackier outfit? My stomach's cramping just thinking about this place. Hit the spot at the time because we hadn't eaten in hours, we were boozed up and my feet hurt from walking in heels. Definitely my ONLY Vegas regret.
4	I've eaten here twice, and both times I enjoyed it.  First time was around 1 am, and I ordered the belgian waffle with strawberries.  It was wonderful - light and fluffy.  The second time, I ordered a half of a ruby red grapefruit ($5, which is way too high for even a whole grapefruit... but then again, I'm from Florida where it's readily available), and an english muffin.  Even though it was overpriced, that was the best grapefruit I've ever had... and I've had quite a few.  The english muffin was fine - can't really screw up an english muffin though!
4	For a 24 hour cafe in a hotel, this restaurant is not bad at all!  Here's a quick list of the Pros and Cons of this restaurant....PROS: The food! The swiss cheese and chicken sandwich is excellent! Very tender chicken, with a pesto mayo spread and all the fixings.  Also served with huge pickle and very good friesPaying the cashier up front; you don't have to wait for your server to keep coming back to you for the bill and then back with your change or cc.  Huge seating area, this is a must especially in a big casino like the ExcaliburFriendly servers and cashiers.  CONS: Nice, but SLOW service.  The line to get into the cafe especially during peak times can stretch out into the casino floor. You don't really know who your server is, one person comes to take your drink order, the other takes your food order, one person delivers it, etc.  But as long as you get everything you need, I guess it doesn't matter huh?  Definitely a fan, especially for the chicken sandwich!
1	This place filled my fiance and I with loathing.It was the middle of the night and we were starving. Fiance called down to the Sherwood Forest Cafe and placed a to-go order for two meals.The food wasn't ready when we were told it would be ready.When it was finally prepared, the items were packaged well and securely, then bagged. It wasn't until we got up to our room that we discovered that half of our food wasn't even included. Several items form each meal ordered were missing. What food we did received was awful.I would never, ever, even look at this place again, let alone eat something prepared here.
2	This place was terrible.  There's always a line and there's always empty tables because they don't adequately staff the place.  I don't know what the manager was doing, but she didn't notice that fact that I was seated for a full 10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged me.  No glass of water.  No cup of coffee (though it was 8 am).  No 'someone will be right with you'.  The food was mediocre at best (and we're talking eggs, hash browns and toast -- nothing elaborate).  The bacon was limp.  The prices were high.  What can I say, except that I won't go back.  Next time, I'm headed to Il Fornaio at New York New York.  The prices are still high, but the food was tasty and we were waited upon in a timely manner.
4	We ate here at around 2am or 3am on a Saturday night, because we were drunk and hungry....From a long night of drinking and playing slots and losing our money! =(  The service was great-- our waitress was fast and friendly. I ordered the Philly Cheese Steak and seasoned fries (It was great!) and my Fiance ordered the Eggs Benedict. He said the Eggs Benedict was pretty tasty. We were happy with the food and the service and we'd definitely come back here again, for another late night snack next time we're in Vegas.  =)
1	I wish I could hire one of those guys handing out hooker ads on the strip to give out "Don't go to Sherwood Cafe" leaflets instead. This place is obscenely bad. We got to Vegas after a long day of travel and didn't feel like leaving the hotel. Oh hello, conveniently there's a cafe here. We were seated after about three minutes of staring contest between us and the illiterate mute who staffs the register. Then, we had around fifteen minutes to look at the ten-choice menu before a waiter would acknowledge our presence. After taking our order, she disappeared, never to be seen again.Seriously. I can't review the food here, because it never got to us. Forty-five minutes later, we decided no bacon on God's green earth would be worth the time wasted, and left. On our way out the illiterate mute suddenly learned to speak, and asked us to wait while she checked the kitchen. Wench, shoulda done it earlier. I don't know why people checked off "waiter service" in their reviews - there literally was none.  Hopefully they enjoyed the keno entries we left...Barack Obama or Leeeeeroy Jenkins may have their lucky night soon...
1	This was the only place open at the hotel when we got there.  A friend of ours said it wasn't too bad.  I guess that's open for interpretation!!  What "isn't too bad?"  What do you compare that to?  I suppose food at 2am after a long flight and drinking limits your tasting abilities.  This place was horrible.  Service was terrible.  The waitress could barely understand our orders.  She constantly repeated herself and your order and still didn't get it right.  We were seated what seems like forever before someone came over.  It took forever to get drinks and food.  The only thing going for it is the prices were pretty cheap (this is Vegas we're talking about).  But then again so was the service and food.  Beware of the Sherwood Forest Cafe!!
4	I've only been here once and I LOVED it! I ordered a hamburger and it was delicious. The apple pie was amazing as well. Also had a plate of fresh fruits with strawberry yogurt. I'd love to go back again!
4	It is what it is... a hotel cafe but it has so much going for it. Keep in mind I went here twice and both times around 3am (plus I had a few to drink ya know). + Open 24 hours and will serve you unlike the idiots at the hotel bars. Food is actually ok. You can order one single pancake, how cool is that! Drinks are cheaper then most places. Cashier up front so you leave when you want. - Service can be a little slow pending the waitress but that's everywhere right. The lights are really bright I'm guessing so you can see all the scary people there. Overall if I ever stay at the Excalibur again I'm going here to grab a late night drink or bite.
1	This place looks nice and the people here seem friendly but the only bad thing about it was how long it took for us to get seated..it was just a party of two people. Also no one was ahead of us. The place was pretty empty but the person trying to find us a table did not know where the servers were positioned at. OMG...horrible After that we sat down and ordered our food which took another 15 minutes of waiting. The old lady seemed like she wasn't even on planet earth !! I ordered a chicken fried steak with over hard eggs and hash browns. The chicken fried steak wasn't at all good and the gravy didn't taste good either. I ended up just eating the eggs and hash browns with two toasted breads. I hope no one ends up going to this place they need to really fix management to make these changes and maybe this place would be more efficient.
2	Ever wonder how a place designed to serve breakfast can't get it right?  Well, try Sherwood Forest Cafe in the Excalibur.Although they are nice people, the service is extremely slow (the place is just too big) and the food comes pretty cold.  I think that has to do with the fact that the kitchen is in Camelot or something because it seemed like a long way to go for the orders.So, in summary.  Nice service, expensive and cold food, cavernous atmosphere, and no Cholula.
2	As someone else already said, yes, this place is just like a Denny's inside Excalibur, however the service is horrible, the waitresses are rude and as mentioned by other people even though the place is empty they don't seem to know where to seat you.I ate here on November 24th, 2009.  Would not eat here again.  Sorry, I know this review sort of stinks compared to my other ones, I just cannot express how much I dislike this place.  Not the worst, but I prefer Denny's.
3	I think just like how you cannot compare SW steakhouse to say the downtown $2.99 late night special steak and eggs, you can't judge Sherwood Forest Cafe on a higher standard than for what it really is. This is a 24/7 cafe that has awesome late night specials and bustling service during peak hours with a nice environment and ok smelling air. This is a great late night drunk food restaurant and serves just about everything you want.And lets face it, can you really beat a $5 cheeseburger with all the trimmings AND fries? I didn't think so! Hey it was a pretty good burger too ...I wouldn't bash on this place because most 24 hour cafes in Vegas casinos tend to serve decent fare at a very reduced price at night that's hard to beat even if you go to McD's where there's no service involved. It was a convenient walk from my room and immediately went back to gambling after my meal. The service does tend to be on the slow side but ... it was $5!!
2	I came here for their $5 happy hour eats and got the ribs with fries plate. Service is a little slow, and I wasn't given any ketchup for the fries when my food came out. It took a while before I saw my server again before I could ask him for some ketchup. I got three beef ribs which were on the dry side and a handful of fries. The food is decent for the cheap price. Don't go in expecting much, otherwise you'll be very disappointed.
3	Another standard hotel casino cafe. Brunch here was a chicken fried steak - I thought this was pretty good. Yum! The batter was just like fried chicken - just the way I like it. The steak came with eggs, hash browns, and a little bit o' fruit. I couldn't finish it... haha. Then again, we also shared a side of biscuit (yes singular) and gravy. If you're not a gravy fan, be sure to ask for the gravy on the side. The poor biscuit was swimming in gravy =/Just like the other one we visited this weekend - not amazing, but not the worst - a-ok.
3	As far as cafes go, this place wasn't bad.  I ate here a few times.  The first time I got corned beef hash, a dish that I'm incredibly picky about.  It was good enough to add an extra star to the review.  My second dish was grilled salmon that I took to my room.  It wasn't particularly good but it wasn't all that bad, either.  The baked potato that came with it was baked properly, another important factor for me.The third meal I got was standard eggs, bacon and hash browns.  The eggs and bacon were decent, but the hash browns were sub par.  The orange juice I got with it was pretty good, though.I never got really good service, but it wasn't terrible.  Had to wait a long time (for no apparent reason) to be seated on that last trip, though.  This was only bothersome because there was a lot of open seating. Ultimately, this place was worth it, but there are other, better options.
3	Sherwood Forest has always been consistent in the many years I've been to going to the Cafe.  The menu has changed a little here and there and my personal taste have changed of course.Ten years ago I would have said, "second best restaurant behind Sir Galahad's".... hehe.  Now, I would say it's the second best restaurant in Excalibur.... that's all.  It's your usual casino 24/7 cafe with nothing over the top outstanding and nothing on the menu that is super horrible.  Service is consistent depending upon the volume of people being waited on and the price is right.
3	It's 5am and you've just left the club.  You're dying for some food to soothe your alcohol-filled tummy.  Sherwood Forest Cafe hits the spot.  It's open 24/7.  It's not ghetto like Hooters.  The place is clean and they have a variety of food at all hours of the night/early morning.  Breakfast food like eggs and cornedbeef hash, pancakes, lunch/dinner type food like spaghetti, salads, sandwiches, fish & chips, chocolate cake, your typical diner-type food.  The food isn't phenomenal but it's not bad either.  The servers are pretty friendly.  They're just trying to make the best out of their graveyard shift.  I haven't been here in awhile since I've been clubbing on the North end of the strip lately and this place is located in Excalibur, on the South end.  But if you're in this area, I suggest hitting it up.
1	Horrible experience for me. The food can be compared to McDonalds just a bigger portion and more expensive. Maybe I just ordered the wrong type of food or I'm a picky eater, but honestly I will never eat here again.The waiter was rude and only tend to the bigger parties. I had to ask for an coffee refill multiple times because actually getting one. I don't think he even wanted to take our order. I do not recommend this place.
1	They are NOT 24 hours. Much to my dismay at 3:30am. Closed every night from 2-6am.
5	I personally love staying at the excalibur and love the sherwood forest cafe.  My wife and I ate there probably 5 times during our last stay.  We had breakfast there twice (breakfast quesadilla and country fried steak are both excellent) we went at happy hour ($2.50 domestic bottles, great wings) and when we were drunk and about to go to bed for a snack.  The food is always good but the service can be a little slow sometimes.  You will never leave hungry!
1	I have to say if I were basing this review on our first experience here they would have gotten 4 stars. $2.50 beers and $5 appetizers between 2 and 5 was exactly what my newlywed husband and I needed. The waitress was a bit slow, but I wouldn't expect my own grandmother to be too speedy. The chicken wings were surprisingly tasty and the Hawaiian sliders yummy. And then we came back for breakfast the next day and comes the part where I have an early morning freakout. We arrive around 9 and ask for a table for 2 and are told to wait just a moment. So we stand to the side and wait. A few parties of 4 or 5 arrive and are told to wait in line. After 5 minutes and seeing that there are a multitude of empty tables inside I step up again and ask for a table for 2. I am then directed to stand in line behind the people that came in after us. After another 5 minutes and watching them seat *3* other 2 person couples that just walked up, I present myself again and am told to wait in line. So we left. I was much happier with my mcdonalds breakfast upstairs than having to wait in that ridiculous line for what I'm sure was an average breakfast. Just skip the cafe. Robbers, thieves and idiots live in in Sherwood Forest. And apparently the cafe too.
2	I've been going to this Cafe since I was dragged to Vegas with my parents, and now going here as an adult, I can say they are nothing like I remember, which is all around sadness. The menu has drastically changed, almost gotten smaller and more limited to the traditional, nothing exciting, nothing saying try me instead of your usual, sad. Gave this a go the first morning we were in Vegas, I went in with high hopes because I hadn't been in quite some time, about 5 years to be exact, and like I aforementioned the menu was more appetizing than for breakfast at least, but to my surprise it shrank to nothingness. UGH! The service was mediocre, as was the food nothing to go home and brag about that's for sure WAIT! there is something to note our actual server did happen to help us use a coupon for 5 bucks off there, by adding and giving us blueberry muffins to go (at this point I was willing to try everything to make me have a better experience at this place, ha!). But again your traditional breakfast choices with a higher price than should be, nothing special.  I think I would have to be highly intoxicated and handed free food to give this place another whirl when again in the city of Sin.
2	The portions are HUGE, but the food is very bland and way overpriced. We had a nice waitress who was about 90 years old and slooooow. The place seemed sort of dead. The atmosphere was somewhat like a hospital cafeteria- quiet, cold, uninviting. There are better places to eat on the strip.
3	One, the service is sooooo slow.Went there before taking off for a tour. Got there at 11am didnt get my food till 1146am. Two the waitress was old and kept forgetting everything includiing to charge my credit card after I gave it to her for my bill. Food was ok, coffee was burnt and they didnt wanna make a new pot but they had turkey sausage yay!!
4	We were staying at the Excalibur Hotel and looking for a basic cafe to have breakfast.  Then we found the Sherwood Forest Cafe as we were wondering around from the Sports Book.  What we found was fantastic.  We had lunch, then back for breakfast.  -  Sandwiches - Very well prepared, perhaps 3.5 stars-  Breakfast - Extremely well prepared, and a solid 4.5 stars.  (what put it over the top for us was the FANTASTIC salsa!!)The good news/bad news is that they are changing over this restaurant to a "Lynyrd Skynyrd BBQ" restaurant in a few months.  Claudia and Cinda (two great managers) made us feel like family there.  As a matter of fact, we had to give them all hugs as we left today.  Bittersweet, but we are coming back.
3	The MGM management that runs Excalibur has changed directions so many times the past few years, it's hard to know what to expect if you haven't been there in a few months.  Right now, they're in a definite down cycle - the place is a mess, in more ways than I can cram into this review.  But this review is for Sherwood Forest only anyways, so I won't bore you with the other issues.Where to start?  This used to be a great place to grab a meal, 24x7.  At one point, they even had a Chinese section (quite an extensive one at that) on the menu.  Prices were very reasonable, service was good, quality was high, and portions were large.  Not surprisingly, the joint was always jammed.  Fast forward to today, and it's hard to recognize the joint.  They've removed the cashier station and now have the wait staff cash you out.  A few months ago, they were shutting down early at night, like 10pm or something like that (wtf?  It's the only cafe-type food in the entire joint, and the only food other than Baja Fresh on the entire bottom floor).  Now it's even worse - it's open for breakfast and lunch only, and closes at 2pm!  What the HELL is going on here??  Also, the menu has shrunk, prices have blown up, and service is uneven.  Well, I found out what's going on - they are getting ready to level the joint and turn it into a Lynyrd Skynyrd-themed night  club.  Good luck with that.  If they screw that up as badly as they've done with Dick's Last Chance, then it will be a total bomb.I long for the days when they had the rotating food display in the waiting area, displaying plastic food examples, including the world famous "faded salmon" that was there for at least a decade.I'm giving SF 3 generous stars, only because the food we've eaten there most recently was quite good, and service was adequate.  Soon you won't even be able to eat anywhere in the joint late at night, other than the Mickey D's upstairs.  Note to MGM management: you guys are Bozos, get a clue.
3	im pretty sure i ate here...i ordered the chicken fingers with fries...plain and simple...
2	I've had a lot of good memories here. Reading another Yelper's comments that this place is shutting down actually made me pretty sad.But, my memories are of people, not food. Don't get me wrong, the food here is solid, with all of my favorite foods-to-eat-before-or-while-drinking-heavily (notably chicken strips and burgers) on the menu. But for what you get, the prices are high, and the restaurant is frequently understaffed. I've always found the servers to be especially nice, though, and usually tip well here in spite of the overcharging.Not the greatest place ever, but I'll be sad to see it go. RIP, Sherwood Forest Cafe.
2	The BF and I ate here because our friends who were with us wanted to. It was extremely over priced and the food was not great. I got a veggie omelet and it was bland and the veggies seemed like they were frozen (?). The coffee was not good either. I wish we could have gone some place good instead of just eating at the most convenient place, but hey, that's what I get for going to vegas with a big group of people.
2	They would have gotten 3 stars but the coffee....OMG, the coffee...the worst I have ever had. The rest of my meal was fine, but I had eggs and toast - it takes effort to mess that up.It was a step above Denny's qualtiy, and 2 times the price.Will I be back? I don't know...depends on how drunk I am.
2	It's diner food for the most part.But I'll take it after a Long night of drinking.
5	Phenomenal service and wonderful food. The chef is a true master... I asked for something I was craving when I didn't find it on the menu (ravioli in a white cream sauce), and he took it upon himself to make it from scratch and it was DIVINE.
2	Cafe food perfect for seniors.
