5	It had been a while since I'd seen a dentist, and after reading some reviews of Dr. Mark Faught (and checking to see that he accepted my dental insurance), I made an appointment at Hessel Park Family Dentistry.Check-in was very easy and pleasant.  The receptionist (Tasha) was very friendly and thorough in explaining the paperwork I had to fill out.  She was also very helpful in preparing an estimate for some work I needed done at a later date and gave me a copy for my records.  My hygienist was Rebecca, and she was very friendly and thorough as well, much more so than previous hygienists I've seen.  She went through the x-rays with me so I could see what teeth she would be focusing on during the cleaning.  She gave me a follow-up plan since I had developed some issues that I had no idea about.  Dr. Faught was incredibly friendly and down-to-earth.  I look forward to visiting the office again!
5	The staff and service at Hessel Park has been great. The dental hygienists are all very friendly, and, unlike some other dental hygienists I've had, don't waste time chatting with each other while I'm stuck sitting in the chair. Dr. Faught is personable, direct and honest. I asked about having my permanent retainers removed, and he said that while they could certainly do it, I might be able to get a better price from an orthodontist. Aside from the occasional wait when they're busy, I have nothing but good things to say about Dr. Faught and his staff.
5	I have some pretty significant problems with my teeth (mostly resulting from having them improperly sealed by a different dentist when the procedure was brand-new in the 80s). Dr. Faught and his team have been terrific at helping me understand the problems better and start to get them fixed. I first had a thorough cleaning by Heather, who took photos and x-rays, reviewed all of the images with me, and explained what was going on with my teeth throughout the cleaning. She and Dr. Faught answered all of my questions, presented several options, and rated the different problems by severity / necessity. All in all, it was a great experience. No one ever pushed cosmetic procedures or things I couldn't afford. I left with a good, reasonable treatment plan that worked with my budget and insurance, and I learned a lot about my teeth.I opted to have one crown done - the tooth in most need of attention. In addition to having problem teeth, I'm also resistant to certain anesthetics, but Dr. Faught made sure that I wasn't in any pain during the crown prep-work and again explained all of the details well. A few days after each crown (the temporary and permanent), I had trouble with the bite, but the office fit me into the schedule in a day or two when I needed adjustments and made sure that everything was aligned properly.The office does seem to be a bit over-booked, and I did feel like I was frequently waiting a bit longer than ideal (perhaps because they will squeeze people in when they need help)... so plan for some extra time when you schedule. At the same time, I got excellent care and a lot of useful patient education, so I don't want to take off a star for that.
2	There were certainly pros and cons to my experience here, but unfortunately the cons outweighed the pros.  I liked how friendly the staff was.  They took the time to remember my name and the scheduling was very easy.  They also took a very thorough look at my teeth and gums- everything from an oral cancer screening to measuring the softness of my teeth and gums in order to check for cavities.  They also didn't give me a hard time about not having a check up/cleaning for 5 years.However, they told me that I had 7 cavities and needed a very expensive gum treatment.  I know I hadn't been in for awhile, but that seemed a little over the top to me.  Thankfully I have dental insurance, but even with my insurance the cost of all of that was going to be pretty outrageous.  I got a second opinion from another dentist before spending all that money, and learned that none of it was necessary.  I feel like they look for problems that aren't there in order to make extra money.Like I said, my experience wasn't entirely negative but I would suggest being wary of any excessive or expensive procedures.
3	Made two appointments. One for me, one for my wife. The dental assistant did most of the work and was really friendly and skilled. My cleaning was $20, which is kind of weird because my coworker, who has the same insurance as me, didn't pay anything for his cleaning at another dentist. My wife has a history of bad trips to the dentist because she has a lot of problems that never get fixed in general. When she visited, her crown and gums were so bad that they couldn't do anything. That's okay, I guess that's what they have to do, but it sucks to pay $30 (she has worst insurance than me I suppose) just for xrays.
5	I broke a tooth and they got me in right away as a new patient. Very easy, Dr. Faught was friendly and no nonsense. Great experience.
