5	Soooooooo good. My office picked up a load of 15 bunz and each of the sides and split it all so we could try everything. The order was $40 split among 5-6 people and we were all stuffed afterwards. The favorites were the ribs, the pork, and the chicken. The mac n cheese was probably the weakest - but honestly it was all good. The meat tasted so good with the sweet bread! All of the sides were awesome too. Follow them on Twitter and check them out when they're nearby!
4	This thought was running through my mind as I ate these buns, "Why haven't I had dim sum that offered buns as tasty as this?"  Sure, you could argue that you're not going to find spaghetti filled buns while eating dim sum, but that's beside the point!  Here's a breakdown of the menu: (pictured here http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=MZ000fT2g5Ww9Tw8OkCtYg)Bacon Bird - cheese dough w/ creamy chicken & bacon filling (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=UB2iCvcS_b-gaEbgQ1K1Gw)  Probably my second favorite.  I'd probably like it with more cream sauce and bacon, but that's the glutton in me talking.McCheesy - mushroom dough w/ truffle mac-n-cheese filling (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=TJH2HWSRDAAnawTsC3QSJQ) Dominant truffle flavor, not as cheesy as I would have hoped, but still tasty with that mushroom bun.Sloppy Bun - thyme dough w/ spaghetti filling (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=ZcKOhk0T89Of2_HxyR2JXg)  This was my favorite!  Maria L. was spot on with her comparison to scooping up the last bit of spaghetti with your bread.BBQ Rib - cilantro dough w/ Mom's BBQ beef filling (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=M21vsLD4RpfI6WtqpzNLCw)  I was surprised at how moist the beef was inside the bun.The Dilly - green onion dough w/ Pop's ground beef filling (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=IEV7U49flzyc4QKdInZnpA)  Not my preference, it was okay.Hot Pig -  jalapeno dough w/ spicy pork filling (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=bXvr9e0_TQ83RI3nZwDdsg)  I didn't really get any spice.The Sloppy Bun, Bacon Bird and McCheesy were my favorites; you could eat these blindfolded and know what they were easily.  The other three didn't seem to have a distinctive flavor profile; yes, I knew that the main meat was (shredded beef/ground beef/pork) but it didn't excite the taste buds.  On my next trip I'll have to try the truffle tator tots and some dessert!My one suggestion for eating at TastyBunz is this: don't come here on an empty stomach.  I ordered six buns for $11, and ended up eating them all!  In the end I was satisfied, and not overly full.  TastyBunz seems like the perfect spot to hit up with a couple of friends when you want a snack.  Split the cost, get the tots, try some desserts; I think it's more economical than spending $11 on one meal!I'll be sure to try the sides and desserts on my next visit!
5	Amazing food, courteous staff, and an all around excellent experience. Follow them around the city and never cook again!!!!
5	bacon dog is CRACKIN!!!me frys and me tots killer breakfast!!!
3	I was really excited about this food truck.  The concept is definitely unique and who wouldn't like a bun stuffed with mac and cheese.  The staff is really nice and I really like the sides.  The truffle tater tots are to die for and the Frisco garlic fries are also great.  But the buns are pretty bland.I came to the grand opening at Costco and I've tried to visit every time they are at Costco so I could try all the buns.  I've tried everything except the sloppy bun, a bun stuffed with spaghetti, which I am eager to try but they've been out.The pork special (now called Hot Pig?) is ok but not spicy.  Dad's picadilly is interesting, but not very tasty.  Like taco meat with some vegetables in it.  There is dill in the bun, but I couldn't really taste it.Mac and cheese bun (now McCheesy, I think) is mac and cheese in a bun.  There is supposed to be mushrooms and/or truffle in the bun but I could not taste either.  But the second time I tried it, I got more truffle flavor in the mac and cheese. But I think I built this one up too much in my head and it just disappointed me in the end.BBQ rib bun was ok.  There is cilantro in the bun, but I can't really taste it.The bacon bird bun is probably my favorite so far.  Nice bacon flavor and very creamy.  But again, not getting much flavor from the bun.I also tried the Me fries but they are a little overwhelming with the egg.  I could not finish it all.  I'll probably stick with the Frisco fries.The dessert potstickers are super sweet.  So sweet they hurt my teeth somehow.  Unfortunately I just can't deal with the sweetness, but I've only tried the smores potstickers, which are fried pastry potstickers stuffed with chocolate and covered with condensed milk and graham crackers. Maybe others are less sweet.  You can try all three if you order the happy ending.  Cute.This is the only food truck I've encountered anywhere that does not include tax in the price.  So bring change or expect to get a lot back.  3 buns are $6 without tax but $6.49 with tax, if that helps.That being said, it's a new truck and has a lot of potential.  It looks like they are changing up the menu and making new items.  So I'll likely be back for the sloppy bun and other menu items. If something strikes my fancy, I'll definitely re-review.
5	Staffed with super-friendly people who obviously love their work, TastyBunz has arguably the most idiosyncratic offerings in the local food truck market: bite-sized buns filled with a variety of fillings, ranging from spiced pork to mac-n-cheese with truffles. I've had everything on their menu, and I've enjoyed it all, especially their Tocino slider and their lumpia.
3	So my initial reaction when I heard about TastyBunz was "LITTLE BUNS STUFFED WITH SOMETHING OTHER THAN CHINESE BBQ PORK? I'M DOWN". A bun stuffed with mac & cheese with truffles? Who wouldn't be down for that. TastyBunz has a cool concept and I can appreciate the work that goes into making each of the unique buns, but it falls a bit short for me. I guess what first falls is that tax is separate from their prices so.. 1 bun for $3 to $3.24, 3 buns for $6 to $6.49, and 6 buns for $11 to $11.89. A litle bit pricey, but what can you do? They don't accept card so you will have some change. The buns are pretty bite size and the ratio of dough to meat is somewhat leaning on the dough side, but maybe thats the only way to cook it? The McCheesy is stuffed with mac & cheese with truffles, but it didn't seem to have a dominant truffle flavor. The bbq rib bun was interesting, cilantro mixed into the dough and the rib was still moist, rib was tasty, but couldn't taste the cilantro.The bacon bird is probably my favorite of the ones I've tried, reminded of a chicken bake from Costco because it had a nice creamy chicken and bacon filling.I haven't had the sloppy bun (spaghetti filled) yet because they've always been out.. arghhhh. The bacon dog (~$4 something) was pretty delish, it is split fried, and has a heavy garlic aioli sauce.The packaging is pretty cool and a custom sticker to seal it is a nice touch. I'll probably visit again to get the sloppy bun and try some of their desserts. Side note: if you're a big eater like me then come hungry, but not starving lol.
3	Tried this at the big food truck meetup by costco today. It looked interesting, and I love truffley things, so it was my truck choice. I got the jalapeno pork bun with truffle tots. The bun, in my opinion, was way too small for the price. $3 for about 3 bites. The pork filling was tasty, but not spicy. Dough was pleasant, just not worth the price. The tots were tasty, but kind of greasy and not truffley at all. The "fancy truffle sauce" was like thousand island. Eeh.Nice people, and the food has potential, but I was a little disappointed.
2	Hmmm I am thinking everyone who wrote the reviews are these people's friends? I don't understand. We tried it only because it was next to our favorite Snow Ono and we are always down for trying new food trucks. This truck needs a lot of work. I find the truck owners for Snow Ono, Fukuburger, and others very friendly. The person working here was not friendly at all.  We got 3 bunz. If the truck is called Tasty Bunz it better be really good! "BBQ rib" (cilantro infused dough with BBQ beef) was DRY and tasted old, not even worth the calories.  "bacon bird" (cheese infused dough with a creamy bacon chicken filling) had very little taste and was not creamy. The fiance said he could not even spot one piece of bacon. The "McCheezy" (mushroom dough with mushroom truffle mac 'n cheese)-hard to believe there is any truffle oil in there and I guess I expected top notch mac n cheese, instead I got flavorless mac n cheese, barely edible. I will not waste my $ here again.
5	Their BUNZ are surely TASTY!   I usually need my TastyBunz fix at least ONCE A WEEK.  Yes, you heard right... once a damm week!   'Cuz if you're not on these BUNZ, you're definitely missin out!!My favorite items:- Bacon Bird Bun- RIB Bun- Truffle Tater Tots- ME TOTS (on a secret menu item. You'd have to look directly up when you're at the register and you'll see a pic of it!!!!): comes with bacon, a special sauce, a fried egg, and garnishes.  I'm hungry just typing this out!!!!- Sweet OOHhhhs: deep fried tempura oreos. OMG... who would've known! So yummy, so sweet, so soft, and SO orgasmic!  I LOVE how all the food on the truck is mostly made from scratch.  It really shows the amount of the love and dedication they they put into providing really good food.Friendly service.  Nice personal touch on their boxes with their stickers.  I heard they also cater!! NICE!
4	Tasty Bunz... are YUMMY Bunz.... gotta go grab me some Bunz tonight!  :)Finally got to try this truck at the strEATS festival the other night... What a great concept... the truck and the festival.  :)How convenient that you can get bread and meat... at the same time and it's not your typical sandwich.  The buns are on the small side... probably about 3 bites eat unless you have a big mouth and take big bites.  Ordered:* Lumpia - not the kind that my family usually makes with meat and veggies... this was all seasoned meat in a lumpia wrapper... and Boy, Oh Boy was it savory, juicy and tasty!  Didn't need the dipping sauce at all.* Hot Pig - pulled pork with jalapenos... I was expecting it to be 'hotter' but it wasn't... still... it was savory and I'd like to get me some more* MacCheesy - truffle mac and cheese inside a bun... sign me up!  The truffle flavor was slight which was good (I think) because truffle can be strong and overpowering... in this case... you could taste the mac n cheese and savor every bite and taste the flavors without one flavor dominating the other* BBQ Rib - a little dry so I dipped it in the lumpia swee/sour sauce... I'd still get it againThe buns are soft and yummy.... again... I just love the concept.Next time I'll have to get the tots... which I hear are killer... and the desserts which looked fabulous.
4	The Manny Pacquaio is the bomb!
4	I finally went to a Food Truck Fest. I didn't know which food truck to order from so I did order from here and Hanshiktaco.Must try the Manny Pacquaio tacos they are deliciously good. As for the garlic fries, they were loaded with flavor but you better make sure to bring some gum cause your breath is gonna be kickin. I didn't have room to try anymore of their food but I will definitely try them out again. The staff was really friendly and helpful because I didn't know what to order and the guy (sorry I don't know his name) explained the menu to me.
3	We tried out TastyBunz at a recent food truck fest. We got the McCheesy (mushroom dough filled with truffle mac and cheese), Hot Pig (jalapeno dough filled with spicy pork), and a Bacon Bird (cheese dough filled with creamy chicken and bacon).They were all good. It's kind of an interesting concept: small buns stuffed with gourmetish fillings.
4	Food Truck Fest II at MLK Costco!I headed down to the festival early to avoid the crowds and got my 3 tasty buns:  mac n cheese, pork, and the bbq rib.  My favorites are the mac n cheese and the bbq rib, with tater tots on the side.  This is my second time at the truck and I really dig how they're similar to Filipino siopao with a twist.  They had someone taking orders outside of the truck which was helpful: instead of having someone in the truck yelling down at you, you could speak face-to-face and get info about the menu and offerings.  Three buns plus more than enough tater tots was enough to fill me up.The people are friendly and the food is good--that's all I have to say about that--Pinoy Power!
5	05/07/11 DUNCH. Chicen & bacon, mac & cheese &  truffle, beef curry, and those FRIES WITH GARLIC SAUCE! All fantastic.
3	I was a bit skeptical with the lukewarm reviews from my buddies and rave ones from others, but trying is always the best way to find out who's right. The BF and I tried 3 buns. It took us a while since the menu was written down but not quite in a organized manner so you have to focus in on what's what. Truffle Mac&Cheese- these had a good truffle flavor to it. I was apprehensive about macaroni, but it went with the chewy texture. It was a nice surprise and pretty tasty.Hot Pig- this was okay, but I was expecting hot pig/jalapeno would have a bit of kick. Beef curry- This was a good idea, however I was feeling like the curry was very "raw" tasting. When you cook curry and don't blend and cook well, it kinda is a bit sharp. I wouldn't get this one again.I like the texture of the sticky bread and would get the truffle mac&cheese again. I think it's rather small for the price, but it's not like you can get these type of buns in Chinatown or anywhere else. I'm open to trying more of this truck, but I don't think it's one I would chase around town. It's a frequent food truck fest goer and I will try some more. For the hit and miss though, I think a A-OK rating is fair.
2	two tries and the same result - golf ball sized buns costing about $2 / each, too much dough and sweetness, not enough filling.Mac & Cheese - little cheese/little flavorHot Pig - there was nothing hot about it - no spice, no temperature heat, and sadly, no flavor.pulled - pork - can't remember the name but it was a pulled pork filling that was ok but again - the dough was too much for me.I like the concept, the service is good, but it's all about the flava and sadly, there's not enough for me to return !
3	I have been wanting to try this food truck ever since I saw them at Vegas STReats  and the line was too long. I had the 3 buns for $6 and I chose the Beef Curry, BBQ Rib, and hot pig. The hot pig was my favorite by far with a little jalapeno kick. The beef curry was not spicy enough and the bbq rib was too doughy and not cooked enough. The buns are a little small but I am eager to try again. The Lumpia was really good though and perfectly greasy and crunchy.
3	I'm just going to dive right in with this one. I really adored the Cafe Mocha cake ball. The lemon was pretty good as well. I'm quite enthusiastic about bite sized cakes/pastries/cookies so these were right up my alley. The s'more's potstickers were good, but then again, who wouldn't like deep fried chocolate goodness?My coworker shared her truffle tots with me and they were quite delish. Not quite what I would order but I'm not a truffle fanatic. They were the deluxe order so it was topped with bacon and a fried egg. She really enjoyed them but commented, "The sauce was a bit over powering." I was all about the garlic fries. I think the creamy sauce and the slivers of garlic are what did it for me. Now I bet you are thinking, "What about buns, when are you going to get to the buns, isn't that what their name sake is?" The buns, hmm ... I frankly have to say "I think they need work." I showed up thinking I was going to score some soft fluffy Filipino siopao the size of softballs cut in half like my mom makes. Image my surprise when I lift this small palm sized muffin top out of the box. And even though it was savory (the Bacon Bird) it was coated with a sweet sticky glaze ?? The dough, not bad a little heavy, the filling flavorful but dry instead of creamy. I also think that they needed to be a little more golden brown on the top. These were as pale as Louis in Interview with the Vampire.So in all, not a bad jaunt to try something new. At the very least, if I see them around town, I will pop over for some fries and cake balls. If I could, I would give 3.5 stars just for the fact that they had Coke made with Cane Sugar in the Glass Bottles!
4	I wish they would come closer to the southwest at least once a week.  I really like this food truck.  The people are friendly and service has been great as well.We've had their Manny Pacquiao tacos 4/5, stuffed hotdog 3/5, mac n cheese bun 3/5, tator tots truffle deluxe 5/5.Omg!  Those tator tots are frigging the bidniz the bidnaz.  Genius!  Like I said, I wish they traveled closer to my area.  Having to haul my family to hunt down tasty bunz in the other side of Vegas is a pain in the ass.
5	This food truck will change your life!I am a HUGE HUGE HUGE fan of almost all their food! They have amazing tocino gyros, truffle tots, tocino sliders, deep fried oreos, crispy pata tacos, and braised short rib sliders. Oh, also... you need to try their pork sisig fries. Be very careful though, they change out foods... so to give people a taste of different foods they can offer. But don't fret if it isn't there one day.... they just like to rotate through their menu. You can go to their twitter or facebook... and they update their location everyday.
5	We were at a private event at the Anthem Country Club for a car show for Fathers Day. There were several trucks: Tasty Bunz, Grouchy Johns, Italian Ice & Cheesesteak, Sloppi Joes, Haulin Ballz, and Food Slingers. We have heard so many good things about Tasty Bunz. Here is what my bf and I ordered:1. Me tots- These tots are smothered with a special sauce and a perfectly cooked egg on tot. EGGS WITH TOTS! R U KIDDING ME?! this is totally comfort food!2. McCheezy, Bacon Bird, and Queso- Diaz Bunz- MMmmm the bun is sweet and each has a different flavor. Our favorite was the Queso- Diaz... it tastes like spicy nachos on steroids! Sooo good!3. Sticky Nanas- comes with 3 potstickers and the filling is bananas and yummy sauce.... it tastes like a banana cheesecake... warm.. gooey... goodness! #superbombdotcom!!!!4. Secret Slider with guac, real thick bacon, onion rings! YUMTry it, you wont be disappointed. Tasty Bunz you guys put the FOOD in SOULFOOD/ COMFORTFOOD!!!:)
4	TATOR TOTZ HEAVEN!@#!@#!.....i always loved tator totz as a child in elementary school but it seems like now days, the only place you can get them is at Sonic.  Well Sonic, GTFO because the Truffle Tots and TastyBunz Annihilates you!!!Also, get the freakin garlic fries, they put this white creamy gushy good sauce on it that makes it all the better...STOP THINKING NASTY THOUGHTS U PERVVSS. but seriously garlic fries.Cant say much about their bunz since I've never tried.  Yes kinda dumb I know since it is their signature item.Anyways TOTZ and Fries what more can you ask for.
5	Love the tots! I get them every time i am near this truck! Can't wait to try them with the fried egg on top!
4	This truck does not lie. They have buns and they are tasty.My beef is that they never have enough buns, hence the 4 stars. I've only been able to try a few of their buns. The Mac N Cheese, the burger one, and one that was the special for the day. Their tots... OMG, are to die for. GARLIC TRUFFLE TOTZ. I could eat these all day, e'ery day. SOOOOO epically awesome. Really, they're so good, I wanna dip my balls in them (if I had balls).They guys are super, duper nice and answer all my annoying questions. They're not as fast as other trucks, but I think it's because buns need to be backed and not fried.Definitely check these guys out. It's melt in your mouth delectable!
3	The really good: The flavors were as advertised, all the way, both for the breads and the stuffing. They smelled fantastic, the flavors all went very well together, and the food was fresh. Delivered fast and hot not long after I ordered (at a busy truck fest, no less!). Bonus!**** (4.5 stars for flavor and service!)The not so good:The different stuffings were really good, but there wasn't enough of them. That could be minor, however...I often caveat reviews with the reminder that I don't eat bread. I will, when it's appropriate or especially tasty, have a little. The bread buns were, excepting the flavors I mentioned already, disappointing. There was just too much of it. Add that two of the three I tried were more than just a little doughy... I had higher hopes and it really detracted from the rest.** (2 stars for lack of filling and the texture.)I can admit, I was torn on this one. Overall, a tasty bit to bite into... An A-OK, 3 star bite. I won't pretend to know the logistics of it all, but I will say that I hope to see it change a bit. Less dough, maybe a little crispy on the outside, soft inside, with some more of those great fillings?
5	I have a new love for Tots... as I walked over each Food Truck to see what they offered outside Tommy Rocker's.. I came across TastyBunz. It was hard as hail to read their marker writings for the menu selections on their see through windows, but I came across the word.. Tots and a photo of it on the truck. What got my undivided attention, which people with A.D.D indeed are less prone in having... a Truffle flavored Tots with fancy Truffle Sauce... Hmmm Veeery Interesting I told myself. Something else caught my eyes, but that's something left to my imagination. Ordered one and it was steaming hot.. all packed up in a sturdy white box and had the utensils inside all ready for chow down. I thought just that was appealing to see.As I received my Truffle Tatter Tots, the aroma filled my nose with deep heavy scent of Truffles. It even made me salivate from inhaling this flavored Tots. The portion and size was beyond generous... amazing outer crust crunch. Crisp and light... the center was soft and steamy. I literally made the Oh face hot look. I like the fact that even when 20 mins. went by.. those Tots were still packed with steam. The flavor was sexy, fun, jammin'!!! Absolutely the best Truffle Tatter Tots to date. It was the perfect blend without the crazy salt or spice. I loved it!The service was exceptional. He was ready to take my order right when I walked up. Very attentive and made sure that's all I wanted. If the service is warm and welcoming... it can bring Anybody back. Big winner with my new love for Tots. This is on my Hot List... for more reasons than one.
5	I wasn't expecting to review @TastyBunz again, but after a lunch with coworkers last week, it has to be done. I picked up three of the bunz and a bacon-stuffed hot dog to take back with me as my contribution to our little impromptu soiree.I wish I could remember exactly what we had (I can't tell from my own photos; I usually snap the menu, just in case)... but one was a curried chicken, one was a pesto (?) chicken and the other was, I think, a pulled pork. (Shoot, was it the mac?)The important part is that everything was executed PERFECTLY. Just the right amount of bun and stuffing. The flavors were amazing. The texture of the bunz today? Spot-freaking- on. A light crisp to the outside, tender and soft on the inside without being doughy (exactly what I said previously that I was hoping for), and the infused flavors (sun dried tomato!) were excellent. Two very happy thumbs up!The bacon-stuffed hot dog, I have to say, was the winner for me. Maybe it's because I can't enjoy the bread like everyone else, or maybe it was the kicked up (really spicy in the best way!) garlic aioli. A fantastic bite back from that sauce, not for the weak, and totally worth being subbed in for my salad that afternoon.Awesome way to prove your mettle, guys, as it was a fantastic meal (and you have new fans!).
3	Tasty Bunz is exactly what the name states... Tasty!! Food comes in sampler portions but you get a bang for your buck. The only thing I can say that upsets me is that Tasty Bunz only serves on the depressing UMC hospital parking lot. I mean who really wants to purchase food from a hospital parking lot? Besides that, they have great food from tacos, to sliders, and the amazing MAC & Cheese bites.
3	Tatsy BUNZ is one of the food trucks I Frequent most.My favorite of the BUNZ was the pulled pork and the marinated BEEF one. They have the most flavor and best bun to filling ratio out of the lot.The mac and cheese bun needs work on its filling content. Its a great idea..just needs the flavor dialed up a few notches.The me tots....are just awesome IMO. Its just a mindblowing mix of flavors and a heaping for a serving.The yhave dabbled into other areas including dessert and sadly I have not tried any of those other items but will update when I do,Final impression is this is a great idea and some good food....just think there needs to be a little more concentration of the menu items and to make the the best possible instead of trying to carry so many different types of food items.
5	best. garlic fries. ever.
5	How I love Tasty Bunz! AMAZING! They are my favorite food truck in Vegas. The mix of the sweetness in the bread with the stuffing is simply the best. The bacon birdie is the best. It is a flavor explosion! The mac cheesy could use a little work. Slightly bland. The beef (forgot the name) is my other favorite. Kinda sweet, very tender and oh so good! They must be fresh. I got them once at StrEATs once they were cool and they were not so great! But you gotta understand you are serving thousands out there! So thank you Tasty Bunz for being my guilty pleasure! (And when you pair up with Grouchy Johns you make me a happy fat kid! )
5	I love Tasty Bunz!!!  The Tots are amazing and the Bunz, especially the mac & cheese are all great!You have to try the Sticky Nanas for dessert too, if they aren't sold out of it.  There is really nothing bad to eat on the truck, as I have tasted everything on it.All the guys on the truck are awesome and they have the best attitudes when they are out working.  Thanks EJ for making some great food truck food!
3	Tasty Bunz was our last stop at StrEATs. We were pretty full but ultimately saved enough room for a bun with jalapenos and pancetta and an order of the nutty professor with white chocolate and carmel sauce.I'm giving three stars because there is far more menu to sample, but first impressions were promising. We liked the bun, it was a tasty snack you don't get every day. The nutty professor? Goodness, I'm in love. Nutter Butters are my favorite store bought cookie, never once thought about deep frying them, but I'm glad TastyBunz did. I'm hooked.
4	I encountered tastybunz at a movie in the park in my neighborhood. I something from them because I kinda felt bad- the line for slidin' thru was absolutely gigantic, but for some reason, no one wanted tastybunz! I ordered the big cheesy.It was ok. The dough was very good, but may have been too sweet. I actually could have used more flavor from the mac and cheese inside the bun- i didn't think it was cheesy enough. But the mere idea of this is absolutely amazing.On the way home, I wanted to get a snack for the road, so I stopped by here and ordered the SF garlic fries. This is why i'm giving them 4 stars. they were SICK. They were basically shoestring fries, tossed in salt and garlic powder, topped with a garlic mayo-creme sauce and parsley. DELICIOUS. out of this world! Totally made up for my too sweet slightly bland bun! These things were amazing!I love the variety of their menu. From their different buns, to their fries with bacon and eggs on top... i can't wait to try their other items!
1	Went here because I saw a Groupon Now offer & was close by. I was eager based on the majority of the reviews & the fact that I love food trucks. Approached the truck, no line, ordered three bunz: bacon bird, Mac n cheese, & a plain along with some truffle tots. I have to say this is the first food truck where I did not finish all of my food. The tots were greasy & not very flavorful. The bunz were meh! I just did not like them, there was very little filling, & when there was filling it was not good. I had a credit on Groupon so I actually got my Groupon & meal for free, but I feel that free is way too much to pay for this! Also, the crew was not as friendly as other food trucks were. I mean I am coming out of my way to find your truck, you can smile or say hi or something! On a better note, located next to this truck was Grouchy Johns. I only had a couple bucks on me & was looking for their most inexpensive cold drink. I was immediately greeted by the owners when I approached the truck. I was reading the menu to myself, but aloud, and saw sweet tea. I told them I only had a couple of bucks & they took it & gave me a large sweet tea! Nice! That is the kind of service I'm used to from food trucks. I'll go out of my way to find Grouchy Johns...I'll drive right by TastyBunz.
5	Bunz so tasty, make you wanna slap your GF!!!
5	oh...tasty bunz. you have done mama tasty bunz proud my friend! Anytime I get a chance to run into them (usually at the food truck festivals) I always see to it that I grab some of these buntastic delights! I mean whoever thought of the idea of putting these wonderful concoctions inside a beautifully and deliciously made bun is genius! Only thing missing here is a restaurant with a bunch of metal carts being pushed around by fun servers during lunch. If that idea is ever invented sometime around, let me know, and I'll order two of everything!!!I had the The Blu which has this wonderful chicken and cheese combination inside. It was delicious and went great with the sweet soft taste of the bun. It really complements each other well. I also had the Piz-a-pizza which is filled with pepperoni slices and a nice marinara sauce. My personal favorite is the truffle mac and cheese. Its just full of that cheesy goodness that keeps you wanting more and more! Also, good thing to know is that they do take card. So if you feel like you're dying for some heavenly goodness, but have no cash at hand? Fear not for they have a wonderful device that reads your magnetic swipe. SSSSHHHAAAWWWIIINNNGGG!!!I did want to try the truffle tots, but they were sold out. I will be back to try it out though, and best believe I'll feel buntastic afterwards!
5	Are you kidding me right now?  This place is awesome!  My girlfriend and I attended the Food Truck Festival at the Southpoint and this truck was the best we tried.  They had sold out of most items by the time we got there.  The had the pizza stuffed and le cordon bleu.  Both were amazing.  The dough was soft on the inside with a sweet, buttery, thin crust on the outside.  I liked the cordon bleu the best.  I don't chase the trucks, but next time I see TastyBunz I will stop and eat.
5	Random rant, after reading most of the reviews, I noticed one review that had 1 star.  The person didn't even try to food truck.  It was a GROUPON issue and it was his fault for not doing the research prior, I think it's just lame to give someone a poor review without FIRST HAND EXPERIENCE with the place.  It's not TastyBunz fault he drove around Costco like a dummy.  I mean, I confess I had one issue in the past where I didn't eat at the place and I gave them one star, but that was because I came inside and I treated poorly directly from the staff and I walked out, not because I couldn't find the place.  People that give 1 star reviews without even WALKING IN a place, should be banned from yelp and should just stick to eating at Olive Garden and Sizzler for all I care. Okay, my rant is over.  Back to TastyBunz...I am a food truck heifer fanatic and I'm really glad that the food truck craze finally hit Vegas.  It's such a nice alternative to eating buffet after buffet after buffet.  You would think I would buy maternity pants after my Vegas vacation.  I'm glad that I have a delicious place such as TastyBunz around.Truffled Mac and Cheese with Mushroom Bun-You had me at hello.  It was super moist and blended perfectly.  It was also served nice and hot, unlike some trucks where they serve their food cold.SF Garlic Fries-Just the name alone makes me smile.  Glad to see a bay dish in Vegas.  It was served super hot and you can tell it was a fresh batch and it hasn't been sitting around.  It was extra Garlic-y, just how I like it.  Reminded me of good ole' baseball fries.Sweet O's (Tempura fried oreo's with a white chocolate and caramel sauce)-Okay maybe I still need maternity pants or overalls after eating here.  My first time trying pretty much, deep friend Oreo's.  Worth the triple trips to the gym.  I don't recommend it if you aren't a sweet tooth kind of person.  But if you are a diabetic in training, such as myself, eat with caution.All in all, really prompt service, really nice staff, and the food was amazing.  Also, I do love some of the Filipino inspired dishes.  I'll be back!
4	When I arrived at their food truck at the Foodie Festival Sunday afternoon, they were already out of buns. Bummer! So I ordered their Sticky Nanas, banana potstickers topped with white chocolate and caramel. A little bit of deliciousness!Not sure if they have just a food truck, but I think I'll definitely track them to try their buns. I heard they're awesome :)
2	I wanted so badly to eat something sweet at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest and with the absence of the Foxxy Ladys Cupcakes truck (Where were they anyways?) I was desperate....While walking around I saw that at Tasty Buns they had Banana Potstickers with Caramel Sauce and White Chocolate - Hmm... maybe that will do the trick -I thought.It was 3 mini potstickers fried with mashed bananas inside and drizzled with caramel and white chocolate. It was OK - it was really small - maybe because it was so hot outside I needed a cold sweet treat - I don't think I would order this again - it tasted like something I could make at home. This review is only based on the Banana Potstickers - I have yet to try the savory food options here - maybe next time....
4	Only tried one bun during Vegas StrEATS and it was the Juarez or something... chicken, jalapeno, black beans, etc. It kind of reminded me of the roll things at 7eleven except better and wrapped in a sort of sticky bun. Just based off the one I had, I enjoyed it but I did feel the quality of the ingredients in the bun could have been better.I look forward to trying more and will update review from there.
5	One of my fav food trucks!
5	Tasty Bunz oh how nice it was to find you at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest; you were one of two trucks I visited more than once so  you get at least a 2nd place finish as far as I'm concerned;  I've only had one other mac and cheese that compares to the one you served me so well done!  I think it was called the McCheesy which was a Truffle mac n cheese. It was wonderful!I actually have passed you a few times on the way to work and wanted to pull around and follow you just so I could get some great food when you set up. This is a great place to pick up a sweet treat and you won't be disappointed with their other items as well.
4	When I pulled into work I saw the truck. I went inside and pulled up the menu. OMG garlic fries??? Yeah I was there with 2 other co-workers. I only had enough cash for the fries, which was a bummer, because the fries were AWSOME!!!! Wish I could have tried other things... But there is always next time... Will be on the lookout for the Tasty Bunz Truck!
4	Tried it at Foodie Fest!This place wasn't bad at all.  They only had two "meat-in-bun" choices, so we tried the ones that were available (blue cheese and something else).  They were both pretty tastey but not mind blowing...overall solid though.  Wish I could have tried the others that everyone else was talking about.We also did the garlic fries...which ARE very good.  Seems like you can't go wrong with a garlic aoili poured over french fries.  I'd come here for the fries alone.Give it a go!
