2	I was really excited to write a review about this place because up until now, I have had great experience. I recently got married and rented six tuxes there. The girl there was really friendly and answered all of my questions and I had a lot of them because I just wanted to make sure I got the tux that I wanted. My groomsmen and I went to go pick up our tuxes and almost all of us had to get something changed on it. But it was no big deal, most of their stock is in Arizona so they can make changes quickly, I thought that was really cool. But after a great wedding time, I had someone turn in my tux while I was out on my honeymoon and they charged me $30 something dollars for the hem coming undone while I was wearing it. It was really upsetting because I already paid a fee that covered minor damages (I didn't even see ANY damages while I was packing it away) and I don't even see how a hem coming undone is my fault, wouldn't it be the one who sewed it together? It was just really disappointing because I was looking forward to give this place 5 stars after my experience until I got an obvious attempt to nickle and dime me.
5	this place rocks!
1	horrable place!!!! They were so rude that we walked out. They completely ignored us when we walked in, didn't even say hi or anything. The employees continued to sit around and talk while we were standing there. They couldn't even answer their phone because they were too lazy to get up and do something. If I could rate this negitive 20 I would!!
5	I was looking around quite a bit and completely set on just buying a suit for my destination wedding. I stopped in at Mr. Formal on a whim to see if they sold suits. They did!!! However after talking with the delightful girl behind the counter I decided it would be better to rent a tux and pay for the extra days rather than buy a suit that I might not be happy with and might go unused. I'm very excited to continue my business with Mr. Formal for my upcoming wedding. I will be writing a follow up post to let everyone know how my experience went. These other reviewers just sound like bad mouthers. This place is classic and classy.
5	I've rented two tuxes from this Mr. Formal location, and everything is was just fine. Most people wouldn't review a place unless they had a stellar experience or a horrible experience, and I am no different. A buddy of mine is getting married soon, and I'll be in the wedding party. He asked my for my measurements including neck size, sleeve length, and suit jacket measurements. Now . . . how am I going to know that?? Mr. Formal to the rescue. I just emailed them asking for my measurements they took for my recent rental, and they sent it to me--no questions asked. I was really impressed and grateful. Give them your biz!
5	First time in this place i was greeted with a smile and eager to help.Very pleased with the customer service.Dont be fooled by the neighborhood, its a diamond in the rough.Nothing bad to say!A+ Mr Formal :-)
4	The employees were very helpful and did a great job helping my fiance and my son pick out the perfect tuxes for my wedding.  The tuxes fit and looked great!
