1	Food is meh, service is meh, price is high. Not good for a new restaurant.
4	Great food and service.  A little on the pricey side but worth it.
1	I hate to give bad reviews, but this was such a disappointment. full review here:http://www.rodzillareviews.com/2010/10/elements-contemporary-cuisine.htmlin short-forgotten charcuterie board-one good salad, one meh salad, and 2 terrible entrees...drowned in oil/cream, overly salted, with terrible presentation.The staff was friendly, but that's about all this place has going for it.Elements tries to disguise itself as an upscale dining establishment, but they're really more like bad chain food with a higher price tag.
4	I was there for happy hour, their personal pizza was phenomenal and price very reasonable (only $3-$3.50).
4	I was a little worried about the bad reviews, but we went anyway as we felt the menu was worth exploring.  The food was fantastic!The location was a little strange...it's in the lobby of an office building, and there was street construction going on all around it.  However, once inside, the service was very attentive and the food was fabulous.  I had the cheese plate as an app (choice of 3) and the portions were huge.  Actually, as much as I love cheese, I wasn't prepared for the size of the portions.   A little cheese goes a long way.   Their wine selection by the glass was good and we all ordered fish dishes and everyone was pleased.  The only ding I would give them is for the type of cuisine they are doing, the portions are too big.  I'm sure most people wouldn't complain but when you get into this type/price range of restaurant, you want to savor a few courses, which means each course needs to be size-appropriate.  Since I'm not from Pittsburgh, I don't know if it's because diners expect the size or what.  Either way, I'd go back next time in in Pittsburgh.
3	Overall I can only give this restaurant 3 stars because while I enjoyed most of my meal, there were just too many negative aspects to rank it much higher.  First, as others have mentioned the parking / location is really weird.  To get there you have to go down a floor from street level, through halls of this ugly parking garage, then back up an escalator in this cheesy strip mall looking building.  Not a good first impression.  Then when you get to the restaurant, the ambiance is really odd - there are these beautiful big bay windows, but they look out at a street.  Also the kitchen is open, but not in a good way where you could/should look in and enjoy the cooking but instead of a noisy industrial kitchen... very strange.Second, the meal is incredibly pricey, which I don't mind if the meal is worth it, but I was somewhat disappointed.  The scallops were mind bogglingly delightful (a must try), which started the meal off beautifully, but it really went down from there.  The apple salad and the meat/cheese plate were ok, but nothing to write home about.  The main dish of veal cheek was downright disappointing, esp. at $26 for the plate.  The "veal cheek" tasted like cheap beef stew meat, the celery root was bitter and thus ruined the little bit of gusto the plate had going for it.  Very frustrating - made me glad I had the Groupon so at least that plate was essentially free.Long story short, I'd go back possibly for lunch to get the scallops and possibly try the pumpkin soup, but I'd save my "fancy dinner" budget for somewhere with better food.
5	I have dined at Elements twice since they have opened and had a great experience both times. The food is outstanding; the lamb,scallop, pike, and pasta dishes have been amazing each time I've had them.  Nothing that I have tried (by which I mean grazing on literally half the menu with my dinner guests) needed additional seasoning, a definite indication of attention to detail and excellence. I am very picky in terms of how food is prepared and have no issue sending something back because the cook has a fear of salt and pepper or doesn't understand that "I want my steak rare" means slap it on the ass and send it out mooing, so when I say everything was perfect it's no exaggeration. My absolute favorite aspect of the menu is the "Meat, Cheese, and More".. Oh yummy lardo, guanchale (sorry if I butcher the hell out of spelling...no pun intended), manchego, lomo, pate', and mustarda ...my heart is a flutter...and pickled quail eggs, this must be true love.       The service is good, I have to give a big shout out to the awesome DA Tim.. you're the man- very professional, knowledgeable, and attentive to the many questions this pain in the ass diner dished out. The wine list was varied ( a little disappointed) the Super Tuscan that I had on my first visit was not available, but after three bottles of the Coppola blend they offer we were quite content.     Elements has a very laid back vibe and is a beautiful space, nothing is fussy or overwhelming. Everything from the menu to the decor is simple, elegant, and inviting. My dinner companions and I enjoyed every aspect of our experience and look forward to many more to come. In a city where excellence is rated on how big your burrito is Elements is the mucho grande chimichanga (because everything is better deep fried) with sour cream and a jalapeno on top.
2	Really disappointed. Ambiance is ok, menu is somewhat interesting and a lot if the food was actually pretty tasty (housemade charcuterie is great- we got the full platter and so got to try almost everything. Fun but the meats, cheeses, pates, etc were not labeled and the only info we had on what they were came from the servers rushed listing when he delivered it to the table. This was almost 40 separate items, impossible to keep track of what one was eating. The pumpkin soup with crab and the chestnut raviolis were both delicious) but the service RUINED the entire meal. Our server was rude and inefficient. Empty glasses and dirty plates littered our table.  He was completely unhelpful in ordering, told us the small plates were "very small" and urged us to order several more, then the portions arrived and were huge! He said the chestnut ravioli came w/ only 4 little ravioli, when it arrived it was a huge bowl of about 10 giant ravioli which were each very rich-1 order would have been enough for the whole table, but on his advice we'd ordered two, the second of which went mostly uneaten. After he piled used, dirty silverware on top of the leftovers, he then offered to wrap them up for us.  We skipped dessert to get out of there as quickly as possible
5	Living in Chicago for the past 6 years, I am used to excellent food and dining experiences.  I read some of the bad reviews about Elements, and felt I needed to chime in.  Went there last night before a show as well as some of the other reviewers have.  My parents who are foodies and have dined all over the US and outside of the US also recommended this place.  Our experience was amazing.  First, the environment.  While it is in a non-traditional location, the openness and modern decor of the restaurant is refreshing.  The open fire oven makes it feel warm.  We sat in one of the "booths" by the windows, and they were so comfortable.  The service and waiter we had were awesome.  Robert was very knowledgeable about the food and gave us fantastic recommendations for our dinner choices.  We did get there early, but we also like to take our time to dine, so those who need a rush may not want to go here based on others' reviews.  Now the most important part:  THE FOOD IS FANTASTIC.  We started with a 6 selection cheese and meat plate.  We trusted Robert to make these selections, and he did not disappoint.  We had the duck speck, salami tartufo, and pate ciccioli.  I am unable to remember the cheeses we had, but I do remember they are all pennsylvania cheeses and were delicious.  I had the brussel sprouts for a salad, and the veal cheek.  My partner had the greens salad and filet, which he absolutely loved.  I am going to stick to reviewing my dishes.  The brussel sprouts were fantastic.  Surprisingly tart, they were mixed with bacon and grapes and had a drier ricotta that almost tasted like feta.  It was perhaps one of the best brussel sprouts dishes I've ever tasted.  And onto the the veal cheek.  I love veal, and until last night, the best veal I've had was at a restaurant in Florence.  This veal was unbelievably tender, and melted like butter in the mouth.  I honestly didn't want the dish to end.  Unfortunately, because all of the meat is local, Robert told us this dish will be gone in about two weeks.  So if you go here, please PLEASE order the veal.  You won't regret it.We finished the meal with the chocolate mousse and pecan pie and some coffee.  They were both very good, but honestly, I just couldn't stop thinking about the veal I had just eaten, so they didn't get as much of my attention.  All in all, it's probably one of the best meals I've had in Pittsburgh (before moving to Chicago, I lived in Pgh for 4 years and grew up in the area.) All the food is amazingly fresh, and you can definitely tell.  It is absolutely Chicago-worthy, and would do very well there.  If you want to enjoy a leisure meal and savor all of the flavors, I think you will absolutely be glad you made the choice to dine here.  I'm looking forward to my next visit.
5	I would give Elements a 4 or 4.5 but I feel like it deserves a better review to offset some of the earlier ratings.  The service was adequate but not quite what you would expect when dining at such a fine spot.  It wasn't as if the service was bad, it was fine.  I would just expect exceptional for such a quality restaurant.  Our servers were nice and attentive overall.  The minor slips were that the crumbs on the table should have been bussed between courses and our server was not certain what the main liquor was in one of their signature cocktails.  Smiling and being friendly makes up for some of this, however.The food was easily a 5 star rating.  We shared 9 charcuterie items among the 6 of us.  We had the Italian mix as put together by the chef and added the spiced almonds, white anchovies and duck.  This may be the best appetizer option in the city.  Portions sizes are enough for everyone to try.  The multiple tastes and flavors make your tongue dance.  The lardo was wonderful.  Here is a tip...  don't even bother with the butter.  Wait for your lardo to arrive and slather away...The appetizers were tremendous.  My wife and I shared three apps and split an entree.  The apps were the ravioli (save bread to soak up the wonderful sauce), tuna tartare (pretty standard app these days but theirs was set apart by the addition of citrus which made it pop!), and brussel sprouts.  I also tasted a neighbor's scallop app.  All were terrific.  Appropriately portioned, extremely well prepared and unique tastes.We shared the Walleye.  They kindly split the entree into two plates and the half portions were close to what a full entree might be.  The walleye was excellent.  Perfectly crispy outside and tender inside.Beer and cocktails were good.  They have a nice tap selection that had 3-4 seasonals.  The cocktails were more than just the usual suspects and were well prepared.I really loved the ambiance.  Warm brown hues with just enough light to make it feel intimate but not stuffy.  We will be back for sure!
4	We came on January 1st, the night of the Winter Classic game, to celebrate our wedding anniversary.We decided to splurge on the 7 course tasting menu with wine. In retrospect the 5 course menu would have been better as we were stuffed at the end.We were a bit grouchy because of not being able to find the parking lot. A map on the web site would have been nice. However we left in much better spirits. Interestingly the items on the tasting menu I was least looking forward to were the ones I enjoyed the most.  We asked the waiter to slow down service as we hardly finished a course when the next course arrived. We found we needed a bit of  a breather between courses. The wine pairing was spot-on good and really added to the enjoyment of the meal.The tasting menu made for a memorable anniversary dinner.I would like to come back for a smaller meal.
5	Excellent food. Well prepared entrees, interesting flavors, divine desserts. I was in town for a convention and this was the only decent restaurant near our hotel. We got the peppers appetizer and it was delicious with the aioli. The gnocchi was salty in the best possible way, and flavorful. And for dessert get the chocolate cherries with bourbon ice cream. Di.vine.So good, we went back for dessert a couple days later - don't scoff at the lemon goat cheese truffles. Get them because they are awesome!
5	We had the best evening at Elements!  Full Disclosure: We had a living social deal for them, but we will definitely be back even without the deal! What we sampled (we chose to stick with charcuterie and appetizers no entrees and dessert): 12 choice cheese/charcuterie board (the best thing ever!  If we were not just the two of us I would honestly say go for the full board.  This was so much fun, we took the time to sample and enjoy in a relaxed atmosphere)         On the board (Lardo, Duck Speck, Prosciutto, Guanciale with apple, venison, tapenade, apple mostarda, quail eggs, Common Folk Blue, Pierre Robert Triple Cream, Calkins Creamery Brie, Meadow Creek Grayson) Meatball (the only dish we didn't really like and remained untouched, this was due to personal tastes not a problem with the restaurant)Sea Scallops (divine!!  Perfectly seared and delicious)Heirloom Tomato Salad (delicious and fresh)Prosciutto Pizza (not to my liking but the fiance loved it)  (Though it may seem like a lot of food, with the uneaten meatball it was just enough)That is until my fiance found it appropriate to order the entire dessert platter!A masterpiece.  Now trust me we had left overs of this dessert platter for three more days, but definitely a once in a lifetime experience.  Favorites included the chocolate peanut butter fudge and the lemon goat cheese truffles (the single best bite of the meal for both of us!)The service was relaxed and excellent.  At the beginning of our service our server was a bit harried, but as the night progressed things stepped into place.  The manager was also around and discussed both the food and his past experiences.   Overall even with the living social deal we never felt once like we were treated any less than a guest of the house!  We spent over two hours sitting, eating, and talking (a rare occurrence with out schedules)We will definitely be back and with more people I can't wait to order the complete charcuterie platter (which we did spy during the evening when a very lovely gentleman order it for himself and his new wife on the last day of their honeymoon!)
5	Great selection of cheeses and meats for the charcuterie (sp?) board. I can't name the cheeses now, but they are all local PA cheeses. We had a bleu kind, a nutty gruyere kind and a creamy (deliciously 75% fat, haha) brie kind along with three meats. We only did the cheese board and appetizers. The seared scallops and the tuna tartare were perfect portions. We enjoyed this meal a lot, mostly because of the cheeses.
4	We decided to try something "off-the-beaten-path" and ended up at Elements for lunch.  This particular location has been through several name changes and management changes in the last few years.  I was rather impressed by their lunch menu, while in the upper reaches of the lunch pricing they do have a lot of affordable options for those that don't want the traditional full blown entrees.Their margherita pizza was pretty darn fabulous.  Service was quick and courteous.  I want to go back again with less of a time restriction in order to give their entrees a whirl as well as their appetizers and desserts.
3	Some friends and I were looking for a place downtown with food specials for happy hour, and Element's Tasting Tuesdays and usual happy hour specials($5 pizzas, drinks from $3-$5) seemed right up our alley. We arrived at happy hour and they directed us to the loung area: about half the restaurant with low tables that seated 4, high tables which could probably seat 6, and a long curved bar. Half the tables(The ones by the window) were reserved, but were never taken for the duration of our visit.We arrived at about 3 minutes to 5 and asked the waitress about happy hour: "You have to wait until 5, it's not me, it's the computer!" - save it, I've heard it all before. You might have an argument after 5 because I don't know your system, but that close to 5, take my order and take a nap for 2 minutes before you put it in. See, computer's not all that smart.Regardless, the specials for the restaurant were very good. The menu said select drafts were $3, but in reality all of them were. A decent selection of beers that contained a few macros and a few craft domestics. I settled for a Great Lakes Burning River and a Troeg's Dead Reckoner. My friend got a mini martini flight for $5 - 3 1.5-2oz martinis of the chef's choosing. Today he was feeling apple, so she got an apple burbon martni, a granny smith martini, and an apple cosmo. My friends seemed to agree that the apple burbon was easily the favorite, but enjoyed them all.It came time to order some food, and while I originally planned on getting a pizza, the soup($9) beckoned: A butternut squash soup with green onions, chili oil, and crab meat. My friends chose a meatball and a proscuttio pizza. The food arrived and the soup had an interesting presentation: An empty bowl with the chili oil, crab meat, and green onions was placed down, then the soup was poured over it from a large looking tea-kettle. We all agreed our food was tasty, the crab meat and chili oil being highlights in the dish to the point that I feel like they could put a little bit more in, because each bite without seemed lacking. The pizzas were "good, but definitely no piccolo forno". My friends were still hungry at the end and ordered a pumpkin tasting dessert($8). It was a sizeable plate containing brittle, a cheesecake lollipop, a truffle, a panna cotta, and what seemed to donut holes, but I didn't catch the description. They agreed this was probably the highlight of their meal.The down side of the restaurant was the service. Any questions we had were met with short, uncomfortable responses. We asked them about the prominently displayed "Tasting Tuesday" signs in the window, she simply said "That's for downtown residents" until a few seconds of silence and dumbfounded looks on our faces caused her to go into slightly more detail. Met with a question about validating parking, again a short response, as if it were even busy enough that we could possibly be holding her from something. Regardless, the service was fast and efficient, and she was not rude by any stretch: It just felt that we might have been seen as inferior customers by coming in for the happy hour.Regardless, Elements was certainly a decent stop on our quest to sample downtown happy hours. The drink specials are great(They also do $5 sangria and select wines) and the pizzas make for a good bar snack, if the food in the bar didn't quite live up to what I feel the restaurant is pushing with its image. I would happily stop back in.
4	Delicious food.  Veal cheek is outstanding! Truffle tasting plate for desert incredible.  Only problem is service slightly slow.
3	We went on light up night on a whim.  The waiter took over 30 minutes to bring his non smiling not so friendly self to the table.  The butternut squash ravioli was great, I'd definitely take a pass on the tuna next time.  Calamari was good per the kids.  I'll pass on this place next time.
5	Went with my wife to dinner at Elements. We decided to share the 4 course family style dinner and add a couple appetizers. Overall, this was one of the best meals we've had out in a long time. The chef is excellent at piecing together subtle flavors. We highly recommend the tuna tartare and the short ribs. Our server Bill was great.
3	I ate here for lunch with dining companion today.  We ended up eating in the lounge so that should be taken into account.  The decor of the lounge was nice with over sized stuffed chairs and a lot of granite.For lunch I ordered the chicken and bacon BBQ sandwich with a side salad while my companion had a pizza margherita and a cup or butternut squash soup topped of with chile oil.  She raved about the soup and we both thought that the pizza was satisfactory, nothing spectacular but not special either.  The sandwich was also pretty good albeit a bit dry and the side salad that came with it had a nice vinaigrette.  Overall it was a nice lunch buoyed by the fact that both of our meals were on the 10 for $10 which included drinks.The bottom line for me is that the food was good but far from amazing.  However, when you bring in the cost of lunch at an upscale eatery, this becomes a deal.  I imagine that I will be back quite a few times to partake in this restaurant.
4	Our Preshow dinner at element was fantastic.  My boyfriend is a vegetarian, and the chef was accommodating.  He had the butter nut squash ravioli topped with fried sage and amaretto cookies.  Delicious!  I had the pan seared skate served with pumpkin risotto.  The fish was cooked just right with an excellent balance between meaty and crispy.  The wine selection is good, but the best thing the restaurant offer during the week is BYOB on Wednesdays WITHOUT a cork fee.  We will definitely be back to try the charcuterie and cheeses which they are known for such as duck prosciutto.  Definitely a great atmosphere with a friendly staff.  Can't wait for the summer time when the patio looking into the city opens up.
4	This place is tasty.Elements is fairly large, and few people were dining there tonight despite their half-off all wine bottles promotion (every Wednesday!).  We made a reservation on OpenTable, just to be safe, and we were seated immediately upon arrival.  Our waitress was friendly and attentive, and the food was delivered in a timely fashion. I ordered the beet and goat cheese salad, a favorite of mine, and was very impressed.  Where some beet salads are basically a pile of beets, this one had equal parts beets (both red and gold) and baby greens.  A light, dijon vinaigrette coated the lettuce which nicely complemented the sweet beets and generous goat cheese crumbles. Mmmm!My main, the salmon over polenta and leeks, was also nice - crispy on the outside and moist on the inside.  I'd probably give this place a 3.5 rating if I could, only because the ambiance was nothing too special. The food was solid across the board, though - my dinner mates enjoyed their scallops, pork, and Cajun pasta - so I'm going with a 4.
4	I have to say, I put off coming here for a while.  I had heard the good and the bad about this place, and so I just wasn't sure.  I'm happy to report, that I AM in fact a fan now!I decided to try it out for lunch one day.  It's decorated so that it feels very upscale.  I have to be honest, I felt a little under dressed in my jeans and cardi among all the suits for lunch.  Do suited up people feel this way when the visit Primanti's for lunch?  Guess I'll never know (I hate suits!).  The service was suburb!  They answered all questions, checked in many times and apologized when lunch ended up coming out a little slower than usual.  I like a place that realizes if they're running a little behind and will let you know!  I wanted to keep lunch light so I ordered a soup and salad.  They do have an option for a combo on this, but the Beet Salad I ordered wasn't a salad option for this.  I didn't care, I needed that Beet Salad!  And the soup of the day, Butternut Squash, I was totally into!  It was absolutely delicious!  Incredibly creamy and squashy (that sounds weird), but you get it!  I am happy to report the Beet Salad was just the right size to compliment my soup.  The beets were ample and the goat cheese on it was really creamy and mixed well with the light balsamic dressing on top. My friend had the lunch special that came with house made chocolates.  Lucky for me, my friend doesn't like chocolate (I know, I can't believe it either!), so I was able to dive in.  They were amazing!  There was a fudge, which I don't usually like, but ate the whole thing!  A truffle, which was amazing milk chocolate with dark chocolate center and then a tiny milk chocolate piece.  I was very impressed it was house made because it was so delish!  I trust their desserts are incredible then!The lunch may have been light, but the bill was not.  At $18, it wasn't a cheap lunch.  But I guess you'd expect that with the atmosphere...and the suits.  But you know what, it was pretty good.  So I'll save my pennies and be back again soon!
4	Free parking underneath their building, I think only for dinner. Ate during restaurant week. I thought the food was of average quality and service was also OK, not great for a higher end restaurant. Never got bread with my meal and other little touches that indicated not as attentive as upper class restaurants. Portions of decent size except for the mini dessert which is really quite mini. Overall I'd eat here again on a promotion, but didn't think it warrants regular prices.EDIT: Added a star since I was contacted via Yelp and the restaurant apologized for the bread oversight and explained the dessert sampler. I will be back to give them another shot and give an updated review based on that, but establishments deserve a star for being proactive on Yelp. Thank you!
2	Disappointing. For the price and the moderate pomp, I expect a better menu, food, and service. All three are lacking. We have almost every work function, luncheon, etc., at Elements because of its convenience location. However, the service is always poor and unfriendly, the menu is small and stagnant, and the food varies between average and not very good. Though I don't loathe going to this place, I can't find a single point that would bring me in if I were paying. There are simply too many other excellent choices nearby.
2	Nice space and friendly staff.  Food is really not more than average.
3	Dried meats and cheeses, and desserts/truffles are pretty good.  Meh about everything else.  They get props for being a little off-beat, and having some very specific food choices.  Would be more stars if the entrees were on par with the apps and desserts.
4	I have dined at Elements roughly half a dozen times now, and they always offer fine cuisine done right. Combinations are simple, yet delicate, offering robust flavors with beautiful presentation. In my opinion, their charcuterie is one of the best in the city, though I have not yet been to Cure. My most recent trip to Elements was on a Tuesday night, having dinner before a show at The Cabaret Theater.My date and I were both very pleased with our meals. My date had scallops atop a black bean cake. The scallops were tender and buttery, and the black bean cake was infused with cumin, cilantro, and a warm bite. I had seared tuna, which was cooked to perfection. The accompanying rice cake with ponzu sauce offered a nice crunch that contrasted the softness of the tuna.The ever-gracious host came around not once, but twice to ask us if we enjoyed our food and if he could do anything for us. The live music was a nice touch. Well done.
4	I recently went to Elements for happy hour and noticed something- there was no one there! Still as I'm writing this I wondered why.Elements is a great place. I love the atmosphere. It's trendy and a bit upscale, but it's not so high end that you can't wear jeans. If I can't wear jeans I probably won't go. My party and I sat, drank off of their happy hour list, which by the way, they have a great margarita and knocked out a few pizzas. They have a great $5 seletion of drinks as well as the $5 pizzas which easily could make a nice dinner especially accompanied by a salad or a few cocktails.I had the Margherita pizza which was fantastic. It was just heavy enough to fill me up, but not make me bloated (because it was mixed with so much booze). We also had the pepperoni which really you cannot go wrong with.The service was prompt and friendly. Sometimes too friendly which isn't bad unless you're not in the mood for that.It just makes me wonder why no one goes there? You really should. It's great for a date, if you want to catch up with an old friend or if you're a cheap eater and love good booze then by all means give it a try!
5	So I picked this restaurant thinking it would impress the in law and the menu had me interested. Unfortunately the menu for the evening was for valentines day and I wasn't in the mood for it. The lounge menu seemed to entice my fellow patrons but as I said we were with the in law. Therefore I put on my charm to go with my awesome rust colored boots and dress I thought was awesome but after walking out begged to differ in the chill of the air. (enough about me) Back to the point. I put my charm on and asked the waiter if we could possibly have the not so posh lounge food served at our very posh table which he was wonderful and obliged. We ordered a smorgasbord of food and I must say not one thing was sub par. We ordered the Kobe sliders, the crab cake trio, Cesar salad which me and the in law shared and it is that big to do so, the lemon fried calamari, and my fiance got the chicken sandwich. MMMMMMMMMMMmmmmmm.I will start with the adorable, delectably cute Kobe sliders that were moist and delicious but the sauce wasn't a winner with the in law. The crab cake trio was great and each one ACTUALLY stood apart. I love seafood so big plus for me and that leads me to the calamari. Light buttery with no icky fried grease taste. One word: yummm! My fiance raved about it the whole night more than the sandwich! On a separate occasion we came with friends for a birthday and ordered the spinach and artichoke dip with a barbecue chicken pizza. THE BEST SPINACH AND ARTICHOKE HANDS DOWN BY ME AND MY FRIENDS. We have been ruined and can not eat spinach dip anywhere else without saying it just doesn't compare to Elements. My fiance is an adamant that I learn to make the barbecue pizza for him as soon as possible. I will have to write a separate review about the entrees because I have never made it past the lounge menu...yet. lol Such a lush. But on to the booze.I left the best for last! The cocktails are absolutely worth making the trip. They have these awesome martini flights that seem like more than enough to break the ice with your in law. (We were giddy and laughing the whole night.) We had the delight of trying the pinnacle flight. I also had a delicious Riesling to accompany my salad. My friends raved about their cocktails as well. I loved this place so much I wrote a review somewhere else and got an email from the management. I have since brought friends that now swear by this place. I have included a regular visit to this establishment in my prenup I love it so much. Good drinks and food with a comfy yet classy modern lounge...what else do you need?
5	What a great night.  I can't speak highly enough for the intelligence of the wait staff and the "bedside" manor that they exhibited.  The food is just exquisite.  I am super bias because they have an amazing selection of on-site made charcuterie that is all spectacular.  Dedicating a whole menu side to cheese and meat selections rivals even my all time favorite, Publican, in Chicago.  Entrees were perfectly cooked and smartly presented.  Dessert had more variety and creativity then I have seen in my travels.  I don't say that lightly as I have been to a number of restaurants and look forward to dessert often to be disappointed.  The depth of their confections menu is so refreshing.  Nearly 30 selections if not more of brittles, truffles and candies that made my mouth water.   The only downside, and a reason I was really geeked, was their mixed cocktail execution.  I've been researching and experimenting with Pisco Sours.  The drink was disappointing and flavorless.  When I can make a more tasty drink at home with my limited skills, it speaks poorly for the bartender.  He was very nice and helpful which made up for some of the drink.  Please try this restaurant for the charcuterie and desserts alone.
4	Great atmosphere. Made reservation at 9:30 p.m. for 9:45 p.m. on a Friday night after being at arts festival all day. Completely accomadating and attentive. Service was amazing. Uses PA cheeses and suppliers as much as possible. Not any 100% vegetarian entrees, but do have some veggie side dishes and salads. I had the orrecchiette pasta,  which is made with chicken broth, but it was terrific. My boyfriend had the hot rock and the Asian tuna entrees. Both he states were amazing. The tuna came with a miso-caramel dip that was incredible!! Portions were huge. Will definitely be returning and suggesting to folks
1	I have been to elements three times; the first time was excellent, the second time was good enough, and the third time was so awful I feel the need to ward off anyone else from visiting this restaurant.We had two good experiences with elements, so when we saw a groupon for a four-course tasting menu, we bought it without hesitation.  Side note: our first excellent experience included the tasting menu. He ordered the four course, while I ordered a salad and entree.  His four courses were full of delicious food that was enough to feed us both.  Neither of us were able to finish our meals, and we left full and happy!  But tonight, our tasting menu options and delivery were beyond disappointing.We decided to sit at the bar tonight.  When we sat down we were eyed down by the female bartender who reluctantly took our order.  She didn't bother to tell us the specials, which we later overheard her share with other customers, and she didn't ask if we were interested in any food.  Before we were finished with our drinks, she brought over our check; were we being rushed out of this NOT crowded bar?  I had a bad feeling, and I wish I would have trusted my gut to leave.  We asked her for another round and let her know we were going to order dinner and had a groupon.Our service was bad before we told her we had a groupon, and it only spiraled down from there.  But bad service I can handle, it was the food that made me jump onto yelp!  The tasting menu was for family style service so we had to pick the same four items for dinner.  Family style?  This is different than last time, I thought.... Our first course was a variety of meats, cheeses, and olives.  It was a much smaller portion than he had during our first visit to elements, but who needs to over eat meat and cheese anyway?  The second course was a beat and goat cheese salad.  The salad was large and more than enough for two people (aka filler).  When our entree arrived I almost fell off of my barstool.  There was one filet of salmon for the two of us to share.  It wasn't a monstrous sized salmon as big as my head, it wasn't two of my fists, it was a small piece of salmon meant to feed both of us.  I am mortified that I didn't call attention to this at the restaurant, but I couldn't believe that I had been served a 'family style' portion of salmon that included only one piece of fish.  WHAT?  Dessert wasn't memorable, but what I do remember is not being asked if I wanted coffee to accompany it either.I'm not even mentioning in detail the bartender's awkward comments that we cleaned our plates during our meal or that another bartender knocked over my glass of wine. Please, don't go to elements.  There are too many better restaurants in Pittsburgh to waste anymore thought on this dump.Note to restaurants: If you don't like people who use groupons, then please don't invite us into your restaurant only to treat us poorly. Like I said earlier, this was our third visit to Elements.  We bought the groupon because we were repeat customers, we liked the restaurant, and now we will never go back.**UPDATE**I followed up with Groupon and Elements.  Groupon refunded our money with no problem at all.  When I called Elements, they said the owner wanted to speak to me after reading my review on yelp, but he wasn't available.  He called me back once, and I returned the call.  I haven't heard back anything.
1	Disappointing.    My Girlfriend and I tried the 7 course tasting menu via Groupon and I have to say that even having supposedly paid half price I still feel like we didn't get our moneys worth.  The portions were pretty small and the food was just not that good.  We had some drinks and they were ok but not great, the shrimp was pretty good, as was the desert but we left feeling less than full and like the food was just sub par.  There was nothing that makes we want to go back.  Bottom line, we ate a 7 course meal and were not full and paid half price and still overpaid.  Maybe they just didn't put the best dishes on the tasting menu or something but I would not recommend.
3	I struggle on how to rate this place. I want to give it a 4 stars based on how perfectly each and every dish of the chef tasting was prepared. However, the concept of nearly every dish I eat- crashed and burned in agonizing misery. I want to give you a 4 but to be fair it is a 3. In sum, perfectly cooked food executed through strange concepts.Consistency in cooking is hard to find. Therefore, awards are created based on the idea of serving consistently perfectly cooked meals. However, one cannot ignore a concept that should have never come into fruition.Our waitress was very nice and knowledgeable. I have nothing but positive things to say about her services.We ordered the 7-course chef's tasting- my husband Jared and myself.  Jared isn't picky. One can pretty much feed him anything and he will eat it. He resisted the idea of ordering the chef's tasting because the dishes seemed off. Very telling. I examined the chef's tasting and agreed. I have been proven wrong by chef's before. At times, I have ordered the tasting menu at various places and have been blown away. We decided to be reckless and ordered the tasting for two.First dish: salted meats and olives. I was in heaven. I love good salumi and loved the duck speck. Served with toasted baguettes and an amazing subtle and sweet mustard. Delicious. The second course was a potato samosa. I liked that they fried it within an egg roll wrapper. But the filling was sparse and more so was the lack of punch found in the spices. Perhaps I am too biased. My husband and I make and eat out Indian food frequently. This is the least flavorful samosas either of us have ever eaten.The third dish was a humongous beet salad. I enjoyed the trio variety of gigantic beats served upon a gargantuan mound of lettuce. I appreciate a nice serving size as well as anyone. But it seemed they served us a salad meant for 4 people not 2. I would have rather had more cured meat or cheeses than a x-large salad.Nevertheless, the salad was delicious. The beets were amazing.The fourth dish was the BBQ blueberry shrimp. It was this dish that caused great concern from both of us. We almost did not order the chef tasting because of this dish and now I wish I would have followed our instincts. The shrimp was moist, tender, delicious. Perfectly cooked. Thank GOD the BBQ blueberry sauce was not directly on the shrimp else we would not have eaten the dish. One slightly tastes the blueberry as it is drowning within a sea of chipotle. I love chipotle like the next person but this sauce was gross and overtaken by the chipotle.The fifth dish was a pulled pork and pork loin concoction. Another great example of a concept gone bad. The pork loin was slightly overcooked and under-flavored. The "bed" of pulled pork was under the pork loin. It was basking in a lovely tasting gravy- however, the appearance was not appetizing. It gave the impression of pre-digested pulled pork as it was swimming in a dark gravy. Although it tasted good-love the presentation was a huge failure. Next, we had the cheese plate. (shakes head). Now please understand I LOVE LOVE LOVE cheese. I cannot tell you how it pains me to critique this negatively. It was not that the blue cheese tasting plate wasn't amazing- IT WAS. But it felt silly. Why only blue cheese? Such a strong tasting cheese to serve alone especially after such a strong and overpowering BBQ sauce. Perhaps make it one blue cheese and something else? The sharpness of the cheeses wasn't too much for blue cheese lovers (as I am one). It was just too much even with the honey and candied nuts to follow an overpowering chipotle.Lastly, we eat DIVINE desserts. Eye appealing, delicious, and  flavorful. My only complaint- I wanted more! The portion was perfect. I love all of them- profiterole, peanut butter fudge, and petit fours.I think I might return but only for coffee and dessert.Yay. I wanted to share three more things. They validate parking- which is great. Two, we sat at the gnat fly section. Apparently, even the manager was aware of this. The table we sat at is known for attracting fruit flies. Quite the distraction and another reason it only receives 3 stars. Lastly, the manager WAS seeking feedback. When he asked my husband said everything was okay and did not offer our honest criticisms. When I asked Jared why he did not- he said he just wanted out of there I would have spoken up but I wanted to leave too. I think I wrote a detailed enough honest critique that the manager would not have gained anything more from talking to us directly.
5	I cannot believe this restaurant closed. I just went to make a reservation and poof! It is no more. It had such a unique concept with the charcuterie options and incredibly inventive entrees. The Chilean sea bass with sweet chili sauce was my all time favorite meal. I wanted them to cater my wedding in a year. :(
5	Really enjoyed this restaurant. Wonderful butternut squash ravioli. Creative crab trio appetizer. Soup special was butternut squash with chili oil. Delicious. Very creative dessert menu where you can design your own.Highly recommend. Excellent service. Rather expensive.
3	Fancy place - good food & good service
