1	So this place is a smoker friendly pub, located next to Jernigan's Tobacco Village in The Galleria.  Looking into the pub, it looks like an olde English gentleman's study,which is why I thought it'd be fun to go here.  I had also read an article about this place that sang it's praises.  Don't bother eating here.  I think this is one of those places that only sells food so they can allow indoor smoking.Service (there was ONE bartender working the entire place) Is slow, food is overpriced and poorly made.I ordered what was described as a vegetarian sandwich, what I got was a poorly made (and TINY) calzone.
3	This place is two separate businesses. One is a retail shop which is very nice and typical cigar store. Many varieties. The other part is a cigar bar which serves alcohol and snack food. Nice area but small. When its crowded, you feel it. Each has a separate entrance and a common door.
1	At the pub/restaurant side I had a very bad experience, terrible food, even worse service.  A complete waste of money, avoid at all costs.
4	I have to say that there a few misconceptions that are apparent after reading the other three reviews prior to mine. This place is technically not a restaurant or a pub, but a tobacco shop that has a pub attached to it that happens to offer a small selection of food. I am reviewing this place purely based on my experiences at the tobacco shop not the pub that is attached although if I get a chance and or the desire I will try the pub but I mainly utilize this place for their expertise in pipes and their variety of pipe tobacco. I have a large old collection of pipes and had an older calabash pipe that was in need of repair. I had been searching for someone who had the connections to get the porcelain bowl repaired as these pipes are now hard to find so repair was my only option. Thankfully Rich was able to make it happen for me and I got my pipe returned to me in much better shape than when I gave it to them. He then gave me a few recommendations on which tobacco would be best smoked out of this particular pipe. He was right on and can't say I ever really thought of my self as a smoker, much less a pipe smoker. But Everything in moderation right? I will go back here and bother him with some more questions that I'm sure it will be his pleasure to answer.
1	The following is an email that i sent jernigan's management about an experience that i had in their pub. Mind you, it seems that the only reason that they have a "pub" is to allow indoor smoking. Do not visit the pub. I have vowed to not shop at this store at all since i had such a bad experience AND they did not try to remedy my experience. In this day and age it seems that businesses no longer strive to satisfy the customer, just make it OK for them. The email below describes my experience. I did not receive a satisfactory reply from management. My wife, a friend, and I visitied Jernigan's Tobacco Village yesterday, 2/20/2012, and I want to let you know of the poor service that we recieved. We arrived and promptly bought some cigars to take into the pub. Mind you, this was our first visit to the pub, since I was waiting for one of my friends to turn 21 as he has recenlty. Needless to say, we have had this trip planned for quite some time and had been looking forward to it. So we took a seat in the pub, looked at the menu a bit, and waited for quite some time for the bartender to come out to us from behind the bar. When he finally did, he got us our drinks and then left us without asking if we would like anything to eat. And we had been planning on getting something to eat also. Being this was my first visit to the pub, i wasn't sure if food was being served or not, so i went to the bar to ask if that was the case and he merely told me that he would be over in a minute to take our food order. He never came back to our table to ask us if we needed another drink, or to ask us if we wanted to order any food. I was very surprised at this since i had even asked him about our food order in the first place. So we let it go until we had finished our drinks and cigars which, as  i am sure you can understand, took some time. In that time he never came back over to us and instead, chatted with some patrons at the bar and even came to wait on another table and completely ignored us. After we were completely finished with our single drink and cigar, he finally came over and I simply asked for the check. When i payed for the check, he brought our change back and tossed it on the table, declared the amount of chage, and walked away. No "Have a nice night" or anything like that. We were all completely disappointing in this experience since we had been looking forward to this for quite some time. We were prepared to spend some time, and money, in your establishment but this experience has definitely turned us away. And on a personal note, i feel as if we were discriminated against because we are not the usual older clientele that i am sure you are used to serving in your pub. Our ages ranged in our 20s and i feel that we were looked at as immature children just pretending to be adults. As i stated, another table of older gentlemen were served twice more and we were never waited on. We all felt very uncomfortable, since we had never been there before, and felt as if we were being pushed out. My check information is listed below:Check number 150360Server: FredDate 2/20/2012 Time 7:33PMI wanted to bring this information to your attention. Thank you.Sincerely,     Frank Ramaglia Jr.As it seems from the other reviews here, Jernigan's does not like or want to serve food. If it is that hard for them to do then it should not be on the menu at all. Instead of disappointing customers they could simply remedy this problem by taking the option of food away.
3	I didn't realize this place even existed as a pub until a friend mentioned about their happy hour special - despite being right across Houlihans.Like the previous review said - this place is basically a tobacco shop that has a pub attached to it. The shop has a good collection of cigars and pipes. Although not a smoker - I've been here couple times with a friend (cigar smoker) for few drinks/cigar after work. The times I've been there - I've seen mostly older crowds.If you can't stand the smoke or the smell - then this is not the place for you.
1	I have been going here for years to buy cigars.....even when they were upstairs in the mall. But I have always been a little skeptical about the bar(I am a drinker) and the premise under which they exist. They offered no food for sale today, and in fact a customer ordered Chinese food on his cell phone to be delivered to the pub so that he  could eat dinner. The barmaid sat at the bar the whole time I was there...smoking and chatting up her buds. Avoid at all cost. Had to ask for a drink each time, and for the check. But cigar shop is very good
1	This place would be nice in theory except for 2 very important things.  1 there service is awful, 2 there prices are awful. There are several other places a cigar smoker can go with much better service and prices. Smoke cigar lounge in collier, the oyster house in pleasant hills, castle tavern in castle shannon, chippino in the strip,level 40 in robinson etc.
