4	Bought a king bed set up last weekend. This was the easiest furniture purchase ever much less a bed! I had done a ton of pre-shopping research and was able to choose, purchase and have delivered within a four hour period. The salesman was helpful and not pushy or overbearing. I have two more beds to buy and am only going one place.
5	I was helped by Jesus on 2/17/2014 and he was very helpful and knowledgable.
5	Knowledgable and efficient, Jesus really provided great customer service. Highly recommend this store if you are shopping for a mattress.
4	A very pleaseant shopping experirnce thanks to the effort of Jerry Swaim. Very helpfull none aggressive and very knowledgable individual . Helped us in selecting the right  mattress showed a real intrest in us as customers and made sure we were completelt satisfied with our purchase.
5	Jerry is the best salesman ever! We bought a king sized bed off the floor! The bed was super clean & was a steal! Jerry was so genuine & very educated when it came to understanding our need for the right bed. We are super pleased to have purchased from this bedmart!
5	Great prices and exceptional customer serviceAfter spending the entire day shoping for furnirure I was exhausted when it was time to shop for a new mattress. All I needed was a mattress, and then I would be done, how challenging can purchasing a mattress  be, after all it's just a mattress.  How wrong was I.  Matress shopping might sounds easy but there are lots of options and it is easy to get confused.  At Mattress Firm Jesus cleared all my confusion and  I found  exactly what I was looking for, for half the price I would have paid somehere else and the quality of the mattress was exxeptional.Mattress Firm doesn't have any fancy displays or bedroom set ups.  All Matress Firm has is mattress's.  What I enjoyed most about matress firm; their were no high pressure sales pitches.  Jesus gave me the information about mattress sets and then let me make the decission.  When I made my purchase I notices I was $29.89 short and Jesus took additional money of the purchase price. With great prices and exceptional customer service I'll be back again.
