5	Some of the best espresso Ive had in a very long time! Was so impressed with the quality, the flavor and the staff, Press is a complete package! http://twitvid.com/KQMSN
5	Small shop.  Tastefully decorated.  Excellent coffee.
5	Make sure to stop in if you are in the area. This place is incredible from the service to the product. I love their coffee so much and it is always in a new design of their coffee art. Its cool to have someone take the time to make a $3 latte instead of herding you in and out like Starbucks has become accustomed to. Money well spent! Free wifi too and make sure you grab a snickerdoodle cookie before you leave.
4	Yay!  It's not another Starbucks!  How come it took so long for a coffee shop to open in this retail center?  Good coffee, friendly service, and a few treats as well.  Wish it was a bit bigger with more seating but I'll take what I can get.
5	Every bit as good as their City North store. The Chai is fabulous and their Ethiopian coffee is off the charts too. Finally there is GOOD coffee in that part of town.
4	Delicious coffee, sort of like a local version of Starbucks. Strong flavors, but not too bitter, very smooth. I wish they served coffee in a mug for those of us sitting in.
4	Each time I visit Scottsdale Quarter, I discover a new treat to hit the streets. While preparing for an event today, I found myself in need of a caffeine boost and hoped for a coffee shop in the Scottsdale Quarter. Wish and your dreams come true...or apparently that's the case in this situation! Enter Press Coffee. Situated off one of the alleys in the Scottsdale Quarter, this is a must-try for the caffeine crazed folks like me. The coffee shop isn't huge, but it's big enough to comfortably seat a couple high top tables, as well some other seating in addition to the outdoor tables surrounding the front. I walked in to be welcomed by two visitors enjoying a game of chess, a woman working on her computer and guests with their dogs out front. It looked like a comfortable setting to do some work or relax. The staff greeted me and I decided to go for an iced coffee with a splash of chocolate, sugar free vanilla and non-fat milk. I got a 16 oz (yes it was one of those days) and was pleasantly surprised at the $2 price tag. This is not what I expected at a coffee shop within the Scottsdale Quarter. The coffee was delicious! Now, normally, iced coffees pretty much all taste the same. However, the actual coffee in this iced coffee tasted different...in a good way! The iced coffee went down smoothly and almost tasted like a dessert treat. It gave me the energized kick I needed. If parking wasn't such a problem at Scottsdale Quarter, I would plan on visiting often, but I'll have to opt for only times when I have the time to find a parking spot and make it a leisurely trip.
2	Press has got to be the most depressing coffee shop I have ever been in. The walls are dull, the music is dull...everything about it is dull even the pastries. The only thing that saves it is the coffee...they've even taken out the comfy chairs since the last time I have been in. Bottomline, the store is no soul...even the art for sale on the walls fails to lift the spirit of the place. How about some colors on the walls instead of the mortuary feel.In retrospect, I found their City North location to be a lot more inviting and colorful with food, atmosphere and personality to match.  Unfortunately, they have closed their doors. The Scottsdale location is really depressing to look at and truly lack personality. Other than the charming baristas, there is nothing about this coffee house that I find warm. In fact, I feel the exact opposite about it. I don't like the vibe, cause it does not have any.The latte was nothing to rave about...Okay, a little latte art but the espresso really lacked body.The croissant was an absolute disaster and tasted more like a neglected piece of dough....All of the pastry case is an abomination to look at. Really Steve, you need to have to kick ass pastries for your coffee shop...have some delivered by MJ Bread, figure out a way to make them yourself and taste good...even Olive and Ivy makes better croissants than you do.I really wanted to write a positive review, but really I am disappointed....And then again...you have never responded to my review which shows how very little you care about customer feedback and input. It's really too bad...
5	Came here last Friday after getting into the Phoenix area for Spring Training.  After trying the first time, we came back both Saturday and Sunday morning as well.The cafe isn't large, but it has a cool mix of modern style with antique touches.  They're rocking some serious coffee and espresso tech - Synesso espresso machine and Bunn Trifecta.  The Synesso is the newer version with some automated pressure profiling, and the Trifecta is new single cup brewer with many controllable variables (Water temp, volume, mixing, etc.) similar in purpose to a Clover, but probably functionally a cross between an aeropress and a siphon.  Probably not for french-press lovers, but great for clarity. Needless to say, you only get these things for your cafe if you really care about coffee and quality.Coffees tried (and preparation):Twitch Espresso Blend (Espresso) - Brazil Bruzzi, Ethiopian Harrar, Sumatra Mandheling.  Espresso was pulled around ~1.5oz, with good body.  On Friday it was sweet with a slightly earthy finish, while on Saturday it was sweet blueberries on the front with a chocolate and caramel finish.  Espresso was prepared very well, and was particularly good on Saturday.(Macchiato) - The blend works really well as a macchiato too - milk chocolate with a hint of berries.  One of the best macchiatos I have had in a while - the baristas really know their craft.El Salvador Santa Ana Si Beria Bourbon (Espresso) - Delicious sweet front, with a buttery and tasty body, and a citrus/orange finish.  Really nice coffee, and great to have two options for espresso.  Definitely highlights what can be great about Single Origin Espressos.Ethiopian Nekisse (Trifecta) - Ok, backstory. Sometime last summer, Cafe Grumpy in NYC offered an Ethiopian Nekisse for $12/cup. CBS early show even did a segment on it (http://bit.ly/dbvsTO). This is a similar coffee, and its $4 at Press.  If you appreciate lighter coffees with intense, interesting flavors, do not pass this up. Think, its the same price as a mocha as something.  The aroma was flowery, rose, tea, and blueberries.  The taste was sublime - juicy blueberries, with a tea-like quality. Clean, sweet, with great clarity.Press Coffee pretty much embodies what every local roaster should aspire to be.  Every time we came, the baristas were inviting, friendly, and put a ton of care into their work. I visit a lot of coffee shops around the west coast, and I have to say that my experience at Press was the best I've ever had. Even the owner was friendly and happy to chat. What sets them apart is how they invite people to experience the coffee in a new way and learn about coffee without being off-putting, pompous, or rude.  They're doing a great job of sourcing good coffees, roasting, and getting the information about the coffee to the consumer.If you drink coffee and live in the Phoenix area and haven't been here, then you need to asap. I only wish San Diego had a place like this - truly a gem.
3	High end coffee in a high end shopping strip and neighborhood. cant say it was the best coffee, but it was good. paid a lot of money for a medium latte ($5). Could have gotten a venti at starbucks, lol!
5	They made me the best Breve Latte I have had in a good long while.... and the barista made it beautiful! I had to take a picture.This is a great place to stop into in you are strolling Scottsdale Quarter. I like to go here before I see a movie at the near-by iPic theater.
5	Alright! A really good coffee place. So, I went here on my coffee tour of Phoenix (ftw) yesterday with the Bf. He got a hot latte and I got an iced latte. They were both very good. The barista was also very friendly and knowledgeable about coffee. She explained that they have a new espresso machine that uses varying pressures when pulling the espresso shot, which makes for a more smooth coffee. Smooth, it was! Both the iced and hot lattes were not acidic and just had a very pleasant smooth coffee and milk flavor. Also, the foam to latte ratio was very good on the hot version. I will definitely be coming back here.... yum and yum. This may be a new front runner on the coffee tour.
4	This is a cute little coffee shop. Met here to do some business earlier today and it was perfect - just quiet enough to have a good conversation and close proximity to the parking garage - getting in and out was a breeze.
4	I liked the vibe of this place. It reminded me of a few coffee houses I visited in Seattle. The service was friendly and the coffee was great. Be careful with the "toddy" though - it's fantastic but will get you wired really quick!
5	I went today for the second time. I love how friendly the employees are! I also love that they carry rice milk! Anywhere else the dairy free options are typically soy.  Must try is the blended chai with rice milk. SO GOOD!
5	So as the current Duke of Press, I feel obligated to speak on this local gem.This is my daily fix. From Coffee to fresh brewed Iced Tea and the best Cappuccino Ive had, Press is fantastic.The staff is always friendly and super knowledgeable about what they serve.The valley is lucky to have a homegrown business like this to call its own.
4	On Saturday afternoon, it was decently quiet, relaxed, clean, and not too packed out. Chai tea was really, really good (if a tad bit expensive)Their music could use a subwoofer or something for more presence, and could also be a bit louder  with less... Creed or some similar thing. Good headphones make this a relative non-issue.All in all, seems like good place to get some work done or just relax with friends.
4	Great coffee. Press is a part of my daily ritual. Large coffee every morning before walking into work.
5	unbelievably good coffee!the espresso doesn't even need sugar! so good!
4	Hey this place is small, nice, has friendly staff, and is hipster enough to feel unique, and not hipster enough so you don't feel like a tool for going.I got the frape, thought it was european style frape, where they shake it up.Nope its their play on the starbucks frappacino. It is way better than the corporate version, Less sugar and actually tastes...good ... yeah i said it.I'd go again if i was in the area, but wouldn't go out of my way to get some coffee here. Nothing knock your socks off awesome. Worth trying if you are in the area though.
4	Yes, I've been drinking coffee since I was 16, yes, I'm addicted to coffee, no, I am in no way a coffee snob that can recite all the coffee barista lingo, but oh my goodness, Press = so delicious! I just got a latte, but received perfection topped  with a rosetta leaf latte art. No added, milk, sugar, or spices needed here folks! The staff was very friendly bringing me to the conclusion that I need to visit Press whenever I'm at Scottsdale Quarter. I'd give it 5 stars, but I'd like to try more drinks :)
4	I'm really bummed that this place is so far away from my house and that it's located in such a douchebag kind of location.  I don't want to see people dressed in clothes that cost more than my car while enjoying a good cup of coffee, and goddamn they serve good coffee.  I've had so much bad coffee in the valley in my first two months here, at places that call themselves coffee shops with "baristas" who dump foam onto my cappuccino as if they were a lunchlady unloading a particularly glutinous scoop of mashed potatoes onto my tray.  No thanks.This place is like heaven.  A Chemex pour-over with my favorite Ethiopian coffee?  Oh yes.  I usually have to cover up Phoenix coffee with a thirty second pour of sugar and a half-gallon of cream, but not here.  I drank it black and relished every smooth drop.  The crazy-ass 18-hour iced coffee on the wall?  Pretentious and awesome.  Love it.Okay, back to the location.  Why, oh why did you put your shop here?  Were there too many shops in cool locations and you decided that a-holes in Lamborghinis needed better coffee than me?  (I'm not exaggerating about a-holes in Lamborghinis, since one of them couldn't stop looking at my wife's boobs the entire time we ate at True Food).  I want you to reconsider your poor choice of locations, with my full forgiveness, and open a shop in my garage.  I won't even charge you rent, just a Chemex pour-over every morning.  At the very least open a shop somewhere in central Phoenix.  I'll work for free.By the way, the two girls who were working today were awesome.  Five stars for them!!!Four stars because I'm pissed you aren't closer.
5	If I could give Press Coffee six stars, I would. They are consistently good, and roast and serve amazing coffee. They make a true classic cappuccino, pour with excellent latte art, and have experienced barista's on staff. Highly recommended.
1	Incredibly RUDE service! Skip this place and go to Cartel.We came here for some coffee and closing time was nearing so we got our coffees to go. However, as we were waiting for our last coffee to be made one of the employees - a tall, scruffy, blonde haired guy who tries to be too cool for his own good says: "As much as I love your company, we're closing so it's time for you to go" in a very sarcastic, rude tone.We all looked at him in shock, and my friend said, "we'll go when my coffee is ready," to which he responded with a smirk. Five minutes later we're still waiting and we go to the counter and ask where the coffee one of the employees says, "Oh, I forgot about it, it's been sitting here" - so instead of a hot cup of coffee, we got a cold cup of coffee, which wasn't even good.Needless to say, we'll never patron this spot again.
3	As an update to my last review, though I have not been back, I did want to acknowledge Steve - the owner - who reached out to me and apologized for my experience and said that he has identified the team member that I complained about in my last review (and others have complained too) and he will be working with him to ensure a nicer customer service experience.Again, I have not been back (I live in L.A.) but I did appreciate the note from Steve, which shows that he is an active and caring business owner and he also included a credit so should I come back, I can have a complimentary coffee, which was extremely kind and generous.
3	Funny story....we were staying at a hotel 5.1 miles away. I know this because google maps told me so. Decided it would be fun to get the cruiser bikes that came with our outrageous "resort fee" (because we got 2 hours "free" each day) and ride to Press for morning coffee and brekkie.  Got on the bikes, pedaled over to N. Scottsdale Rd and we were on our way! Except.....that....I decided to check our progress after a little while and discovered we had gone the wrong way for a mile and a quarter. Sigh. Turn around, get yelled at by the hubby, kids think it's funny, and off we go. So by the time we got there, we were HUNGRY and THIRSTY! Our 5.1 mile one-way bike ride had become a little more than 7.5 miles.And let me tell you - that cappuccino tasted delicious.So the next day, we drove. Guess what? Not as good. Still good....just not as good. The coffee was actually lukewarm when we got it. Thinking back, it was that way on the first day also...we were just unusually warm ourselves so didn't much care. Also, there was a bit too much milk for my taste....and I had purposely ordered a triple shot, knowing from the day before that they already put double shots in.  However, to be fair, this is also one of the never-resolved issues I have around wanting more espresso and less milk, but some milk, and foam, but don't want to guide someone through that whole thing. So it's rarely achieved. Except at Temple Coffee in Sacramento...but that's another review. Oh - but the Lemon Poppyseed muffin was the best one I've ever had in my entire life - moist, flavorful and lemony with rind. That was worth the trip right there.All in all, we'll give it another shot when we're back in town.
1	Absolute worst drip coffee on the planet. Charcoal. Tasted a lot like Caribou. Internet didn't work either.Edit: My brother and I visited this place and initially thought it was really nice. We really wanted to like it. The owner's asinine replies to this review and other reviews further solidifies that we will never visit this place.
4	Great coffee and the owners are top notch people.  My only issue is the music.  People don't come to coffee shops to listen to heavy metal. They want to conversationalize or work on their laptops.  All in all, great place.
5	Definitely some of the best espresso in all of Scottsdale. My heart belongs to Lux, in Central Phoenix, but this is sooooooo much closer/convenient! It has the feel of some of my favorite coffee places in NYC, with that indie/hipster vibe, but seriously high quality espresso. I didn't remember to ask what brand of beans they use, but I know it must be something good because this is some seriously smooth espresso!I got a soy latte, and just like all of the best places, it's one double-shot, no matter what size you order. I do like that they have a 16oz size just for the people used to ordering a big drink, though. I opted for the 12 oz size and, despite the fact that it was quite warm outside and I was loving indulging in iced beverages while I was back in AZ , I knew that to really get the purest taste, it was best to go with a hot drink.The owner (?) was also the barista and the cashier. Love that. He was happy to talk to me about the store, and how they had another location over at City North (that place is still around?) before this one. I used to work at a restaurant in the Scottsdale Quarter before any other shops opened up, and if this place was here then, I would have definitely been spending a lot of money here!I don't understand why someone would go to Starbucks, or Coffee Bean, or even Coffee Planation or Jolta Java (I support the local places but come ON, get some higher quality beans if you want me to come back!) when this place is so much better! It's a perfect place to grab a latte while you're shopping or if you need a little resting spot because your arms are sore from carrying those shopping bags full of new clothes. Bonus: They have a discount on baked goods after a certain time (like 3 or 4pm I think?). Great for an afternoon pick-me-up!
1	Just wanted a small cup of coffee.  Maybe it was old but pH was low enough to etch metal.  The soy milk they added curdled upon impact.  I had one sip and tossed it immediately.  I won't go back.  Where can one get good coffee and not a blended drink?
5	This is one my favorite coffee shops and since finding this place, I seldom go to starbucks anymore. The staff is super nice, they even bring you the drink to your table and it feels more like a family run friendly place than an assembly line setup of the typical starbucks, and what I really like too is their super fast and free internet.The owner Steve is also a super nice guy and always is on top of things. If you're looking for cool place to have awesome coffee, this is the place to visit.
4	Very cute little place in the middle of Scottsdale Quarter, especially like the foam art on the hot drinks!! I really think the extra small hint makes your day better :p Coffee(espresso) is to the bold side, always try to have a hazelnut latte for a new coffee place I try, so there goes for a bit of differences, lol... The place has a very simple decor with a few art pieces on the wall, sofas and chairs/tables are at choices. The only thing I'd ask more is a better menu maybe? The menu on the blackboard definitely isn't enough for a first-timer, you gotta ask what kind of syrup they have and other extra stuff, but I guess pretty much all coffee place have similar things? Just ask if you aren't sure...
4	Good coffee, not as good as Starbucks, in my opinion, and certainly nowhere near Ibis coffee. But the staff is friendly and it's a great place to work on my novels and people watch.
3	I am used to some good coffee roasters in L.A. so I am a little picky.  It was o.k., but nothing above average.  Latte art - check, nice Scottsdale Quarter mall - check, great taste -  meh....could be better,  friendly employees - check.  Not sure where roasting is done because I could not see it or smell it on the premises.  I did not feel an indie/hipster vibe as Jessica M. stated.  It seemed like run of the mill Starbucks to me.
5	The super cute barista with tats and blue eyes is way chill, in the southeast Portland sort-of-way!  It's refreshing to find some peeps who don't look like Kevin Federline and are genuinely friendly & helpful. The ambiance is a chill, post-modern meets restoration hardware esthetic.  Great flavored coffee roast & perfect break  around the corner from Apple & H&M, down from AX. DEFINITELY worth the walk across from Kierland Commons.
4	They have great coffee and expresso.  It's very urban and trendy inside with the good "cool" coffee shop feel.   Try:- Mochas ( Iced or Hot )
2	Yeah....tried this place on a whim as we were walking by and I needed some coffee for the house; and an afternoon caffiene jolt. The place was very clean and neat, but....if you in any way shape or form like a strong coffee with solid flavor DO NOT go here!This coffee is weak and watery both fresh from the storefront and when made at home. Even with a turkish grind and extra coffee added to the machine in an attempt to achieve flavor and a kick.All in all I do not understand these great reviews; in my opinion if you are looking for a watery beverage with little flavor and maybe a hint of caffiene go here.Otherwise skip it.
5	Very solid red eye. Coffee plus espresso plus soy milk. The espresso gives the coffee that lovely crema on top and the soy milk rounds out and softens the flavor. I thoroughly enjoyed sitting out on the sidewalk sipping my coffee and chatting. I think I'll have to stop here whenever I come to the Quarter to shop.
5	I've been a regular at Press Coffee for years for several reasons.  I love the atmosphere, very clean and bright in a warm way.  The only thing you really need to know about this place is that the staff and the owner is absolutely passionate about roasting and brewing coffee.I've watched staff debate the absolute best way to brew a specific cup.  I've been asked to try a new brew method or grind and have yet to be disappointed.  I've talked with Steve ( one of the owners ) about his trip to South America to meet with coffee growers directly.  I've been impressed.The true tell on how great Press Coffee is and why so many people love it is that I can drink their coffee black and it tastes amazing.  I've gone to so many places that pour asphalt into a cup, add corn syrup plus white color then call it coffee with a kick.  Its called not having to pay for good baristas because we serve corn syrup with caffeine.So next time you're there try one of the cups black, I recommend the Amarro Gayo.  In between the rich earthy coffee flavor, you can actually taste the coffee's natural sweetness.  Press is one of the few places in town that has enough passion about coffee to be brave enough to serve coffee that way.PS: Lea C. Give it some time, after sucking down high fructose tar at Starbucks you tend to forget what good coffee can taste like.  Once your taste buds come out of hiding good coffee will come back to you.
5	Great coffee and very friendly staff!
5	Sweet Mother of Coffee, this place is as close to heaven as it gets.  5 Stars is not nearly enough.I'm a 20 year-old college student.  I've been drinking coffee for more than 10 years and my life would be bleak, depressing and flavorless without coffee.  I've had my share of different coffee, grinds, mixtures, add-ins, you name it.  I had made it a personal goal to try as many coffee places when I moved to the valley, and it so happened on a dark cloudy day that I made my way to the Scottsdale Quarter to pick up a friend who was working.  I was bored, tired, and impatient.  Suddenly, I smelled coffee.  I made a beeline to this place and my nostrils were engulfed, upon entrance, by the sweet, tantalizing smell of caffeine.  I ordered a large vanilla latte, an average every-day order made utter perfection by the barista.  10 years of coffee, good and bad, were suddenly made null by this undescribable cup of latte.  Other cafes are nothing in comparison, Press Coffee is as good as it gets.  I sat there, unaware of my surroundings for what seemed like hours.  Pure bliss.  I walked out, not noticing people, or things, just reliving the taste and the feel of that vanilla latte.  Bee-Tee-Dub, the staff is also amazing.  Totally friendly and devoted to everything coffee.I can still remember the taste.. is that even possible?
5	Was in the area on business and did not expect to step into one of the best in the West.  I travel often and will drive long and far for great coffee.  I've sampled the best in the Seattle, San Fran, LA and New York and this place ranks near the top if you're looking for quality coffee experience.  I ordered a breakfast burrito and cappuccino.  The burrito was piping hot and perfectly balanced between contents and wrapping.  Unlike burritos that blend too much cheese to confuse the quality of the ingredients, this modern version of the classic is a very modern Panini wrapped interpretation of the classic that possessed just the right amount of contents.  All high quality and made with precision.The cappuccino was lovingly prepared.  The ratio of milk to coffee was perfect.  The grind was both smooth and robust.  PCR exceeded expectations on every level and I look forward to sampling their full coffee menu.
5	After hanging out at Cartel all week I was skeptical how Press would compare.  Had a fantastic macchiato!  Baristas were very friendly.
5	Best damn latte I've had in ages!!
5	Friendly staff, great coffee and espresso. Come often enough to explore the menu!
4	I'm not a major fan of their coffee right now -- I'm going through my obsession with The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf at the moment --- BUT they are a delicious alternative to multi-national chains and you can show your support for local, eco-friendly businesses. This is a true coffee shop. The shop itself is kind of small and narrow but you can't go wrong with Scottsdale Quarter.Their hot chocolate is yummy. Oh, their logo is awesome.
4	Stopped in one Saturday afternoon for an iced Toddy.  The coffee was well-balanced and nutty--no hint of bitterness in this cup!  I spotted a nice selection of full leaf teas and a handful of pastries, but nothing screamed "EAT ME!"The staff were friendly enough but kept the interaction to a minimum. It's an ideal spot to stop and relax; that is, if you don't mind battling the traffic of Scottsdale Quarter.  If you're looking for a late night java jolt, head to the Starbucks across the way in Kierland.
5	I hold coffee in high regard, well above religion, food, and everything else.  So when I find a place that makes a truly fantastic espresso, I'm very surprised.  This is certainly in the top five that I've had anywhere in the world.  When you get a macchiato it is not only made with perfectly thick foam, but they give you a nice design on top for that visual appeal.  On top of that the shop is well lighted because of the big windows and looks clean and inviting.  I use it for short meetings in the area or to get a little work done, and find myself energized and comfortable when I'm working there.
5	I absoloutely love this place.  Great Coffee, Americanos, and Lattes.  Try the Chemex if you are looking for something unique.  Very Tasty Breakfast Burritos and friendly staff.  I wish the North Location was still open, but I'll take their brews anywhere I can get them.  Skip Starbucks and hit up a real coffee shop...
5	Great coffee, excellent service.  Try the Iced Toddy, it's the awesome.
3	I ordered a cappuccino, my typical order at a new place and it was very good with a pretty heart design on top which made me smile. The espresso was perfect and did not require any sweetener. I also got a blueberry muffin which wasn't very good, perhaps it was low fat or something but I am very picky about pastries anyway. My biggest problem with this place is the fact that they do not have a bathroom. Coffee makes me have to pee and when I discovered this and had to walk all the way to the baby gap because the place next door with a bathroom wasn't open yet requiring me to pack up my computer and leave my drink and food unattended, it was a bit undesirable. I know it's a mall type area but it still surprised me for a drink/food place. It does not set the tone for a place to spend a lot of time which may be their intention. Also, I love John Mayer but they played his same songs over and over again. Perhaps mixing it up or putting on a pandora station would be better? The staff was nice and they have free WiFi. I will return for the espresso but get it to go.
4	Excellent coffee in the hideaway in Scottsdale Quarter and beats the Starbuck's across the street.
4	Great place for a pick-me-up when you're out shopping. It's great that they aren't limited to just coffee as well - they have 4 or so flavors of smoothies available. Prices are reasonable and a comfortable atmosphere.
4	Press is located in the Scottsdale Quarter and is a great little spot for something quick and delicious. They have excellent coffee - my "go-to" is an iced mocha with skim milk. IMO, the coffee is strong! But delicious. Better than the coffee are the breakfast sandwiches and burritos - I love that you add a sauce/spread to the sandwich - pesto, sundried tomato, etc . It really adds a nice element that you don't find elsewhere. Additionally, the baked goods: cookies, breads, and muffins, are all yummy, but also calorie-ful. Pricing is a little high but not extreme - really it is consistent with the location being in North Scottsdale.The restaurant has nice seating inside and outside and offers free wifi (the password is "greatcoffee". I think they recently swapped out the soft chairs and couches for regular tables/chairs instead. Oh! And they have a frequent guest program... no cards/punches, they just take your name each time you get a coffee and you eventually earn a free one. Make sure to mention it each time, as I have had a few that were missed because I didn't bring it up to the cashier.Service is normally nice - they get quite busy and sometimes it feels a bit rushed, but never rude.If you're in the Quarter and looking for a nice spot, definitely stop in!
5	They roast their own beans, so the espresso has amazing flavor!  It is impossible to go back to Starbucks after having coffee from Press on a regular basis!
5	Honestly one of the best lattes I've had.  What great people that really care about doing things right.
3	Dear Press,If you ever want to see your precious four stars, add almond milk to the inventory! I ain't even mad about the lack of bathroom. All I want is milk that isn't sweet and watery (rice milk), GMO'd and packing weirdy aftertaste (soy milk), or brimming with lactose.The rice milk chai was pretty tasty (but be warned: 99% sweet, 1% spicy), and the butterscotch loose leaf tea was quite good, as well. Both would have been significantly better with almond milk, though, and the barista even said that that's all he uses at home.See? There are more of us out there - the few, the proud, the nutty. All I'm really saying is this: cater to our needs. We have cash.
4	Great place! Good change from Starbucks of Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, I must say. Plus, how can you beat a foam-milk design of hearts or an angel on your favorite, hot beverage?! Such a nice touch.Only con for me would be absence of restrooms, but I have noticed that this is a common theme in Scottsdale Quarter establishments. Love the fact that they have oversized, leather chairs w/smaller tables as well as the high bistro tables w/high stools.
5	Wonderfully friendly staff. Macchiato was perfect. Upscale shopping area doesn't steal from the appeal they create in here. Had zeppelin playing late at night. Happy and relaxing place. Cool local art too.
5	Great coffee with unlimited refills. I like the place a lot. The wifi is strong and i've never had a problem parking there. It's a good place to get work done and it's not a pick up joint or a high school hang like a lot of coffee shops are turning into. The food is also very good and seems to be served all day and night. I like it a lot and give it 5 stars. My only problem with it is the nearest bathroom is about a block away.
5	My friends thought it was odd when I told them the highlight of my vacation was a cappuccino I had in Scottsdale.  We visited in December and were staying nearby at the Westin Kierland and were just walking the mall. Stopped in for a coffee as it was pretty chilly that night.  The barista was super nice and eager to share his passion for coffee. We were interested in just picking up a half a pound of beans.  I wouldn't expect great help from such a small sale but he had several recommendations and had us smelling all sorts of roasts before we settled on the one we wanted.I ordered a cappuccino which was probably the best ever, and I'm a pretty avid coffee drinker and try to visit some well known coffee places when I travel. They showed us some of the tricks to doing latte art, which I've since been unable to duplicate on my home machine - we'll chalk it up to not enough frothing power, not operator error :).
5	My favorite stop for a breakfast burrito and a great cup of coffee.
4	very good cappuccino
5	Well, they done done it. Press is officially on the almond milk bandwagon.They make one helluva thick, rich, low-calorie, nutritious almond milk latte, and I know Snapple has underserving dibs on the slogan, but I dare say one of these bad boys is made from the best stuff on Earth.
4	I was craving caffeine, so I walked into Press and I tried an almond milk latte from. The latte was high quality, rich in flavor, and made properly. Service was also prompt. I will definitely be back!
2	I really don't think I should be doing this review, because I am far from a coffee drinker. In fact - the only reason I have coffee is to heat up my flavored creamer. However, I am a professional Yelper and believe that I can write a review for anything - so here goes ...The place was very clean (points for that), the two girls working behind the counter were knowledgeable, friendly and worked efficiently (points for that). The pricing is good (more points). Those are the inputs - the output, which is the coffee itself - after trying three different types - the verdict is that it's just not for me.A coffee snob may give this place more stars, but my coffee just needs to be sweeter - sorta like a liquid desert for when I'm so lazy I don't feel like chewing!
1	Figured I'd revise this review a tad bit, due to owner comment!Though I am not a coffee expert, I've been drinking it for about 36 years and I've gone from drinking it black to heavily sweetened and back to black a few times. There are some people who think a really cool process means they make really good coffee, but I've tasted coffee from all over North America and this place has a great process, but the coffee is NOT what it is said to be.I wasn't alone in the tasting of this review, but only wanted to comment on MY input. However, I will add that the three actual coffee drinkers were all sitting sipping afraid to tell me that the great place I took them to wasn't good at all. Each one of them happy when I finally admitted that I wasn't too keen on this coffee. And one by one they dumped their coffee out.Now I'm not saying that everyone will find the coffee here undrinkable - but for these four New Yorkers - we've been spoiled by really good coffee without all the fuss! Therefore, I will be removing a star!After a bit more researching - it appears that this owner likes to bash anyone who doesn't think the output of his input is worth having. Though there may be many who enjoy this place - I stand firm on my 1 star review!
1	I don't know why they removed their comfortable chairs.  It's like they wanted to make it clear, "we don't want you to hang out here".  Got the message, I will be going somewhere else.  Service is very slow and they never acknowledge it.  It seems the people who work there must hate their job, because they are always so moody.  My hubby used to go there quite a bit, now he drives by it, to go all the way to Echo.  I haven't been back in a few months, and I am not planning to go back any time soon or maybe ever.
2	I'd like to set the record straight on this review - perhaps putting my review to bed until I return to try it again!A colleague suggested that I go to this place with fantastic coffee - he told me where it was and even told me what to get. Seeing that I was on vacation/work - I took my family of coffee lovers to this place and put it through a test.First of all - there were four different types of drinks ordered - mine was the one the colleague suggested - something about Ethiopian and Blueberry. I wasn't sure of what it was called, but that was description enough for the staff behind the counter.Amazed at the process they went through to get this cup of coffee for me - I couldn't believe the cost - I would expect MUCH higher prices. AND knowing that they roast their own beans and measure things precisely - I was really interested in the taste. Now I will warn you again - I do NOT consider myself to be an avid coffee lover or expert on what coffee made in this manner should taste like. Look - I have a Krueg - coffee maker so I can have variety - and I like SWEET - so I use lots of creamer. I say things like - I have coffee only to warm up my creamer because I don't THINK coffee drinkers really do that, but who am I to know?Everyone was sitting sipping their coffee when I finally got mine. I don't say finally because it was too long of a wait - I say it because I was last to place my order and they were already sipping theirs - let's not read more into this. When I got mine I instantly tasted it and was reminded by the girl behind the counter that the coffee should sit a minute until it gets to the right temperature. I'm not sure how long that was, but I waited, paid and then took my coffee over to the table my family was sitting at.I tasted my coffee - I REALLY did NOT like it at ALL. I took it back to the counter and asked if they had like creamer and sugar - I was given both and was looked at like I was some strange alien - ok I get it - coffee drinkers must drink black coffee.I then took my coffee back to our table and sipped it and still didn't like it at all. I let my family taste it and they said they didn't like it. I said - I can't stand it and they all started to laugh. I said - what's so funny - they told me they were afraid to tell me how bad they thought their drinks were too because I was SO excited to take them here.So - I will state this again. The people behind the counter were friendly, knowledgeable and quick. The price was very reasonable considering the process and all that they do. The place was clean and we had a table to sit at. However, these four people simply did not enjoy the coffee. So there you have it - more detail then I've ever written before and I hope this clears this review up! I will give another update in September when I dare to return and hopefully meet Steve the owner!
4	Press Coffee Roasters is a MUST for me whenever i'm near The Scottsdale Quarter.  The coffee and espresso is A-MAZING!!!  i've never gotten anything fancy, so i can't vouch for any of that stuff, but i'm hard to please when it comes to americanos.  my only beef is that they charge you extra for larger sizes of americanos even though you're only getting more water.  I understand that a larger cup costs more, but we're talking about espresso and water here, not a latte.  Not to mention that if i get a larger size and they're NOT putting more espresso in, i have to pay for the extra water AND the espresso or it just tastes too watered down.  It just doesn't make sense to me.
5	I used to go to Starbucks once or twice a day.  At times, if I was in Scottsdale Quarter I would walk across the street to Kierland and go to the Starbucks there.  Then I tried Press Coffee.  What a delightful moment.  They hand make every cup and even make the little flower pattern on the surface with steamed milk (remember that).  Sure it takes time but the wait is SO worth it.The quality puts Starbucks to shame.
4	I love Press. Outstanding coffee, especially the espressos and machiatos that I love. Every cup I have ever had here has been wonderful. And, it does not have that annoying "we're so cool" atmosphere that, unfortunately, seems to go along with great coffee.But: I with they gave more attention to their whole beans offered in the Scottsdale store. I buy a couple of pounds frequently for use at home, and on more than one occasion I have been chagrined to arrive home and notice that the roasting date was more than a couple of weeks in the past. I suppose it is my own fault for not checking the beans in the store, and I now carefully do that. One package of espresso that I bought recently was almost one month old! Shocking for a place like this that prides itself on freshness.
4	Nice, clean, and cozy place.  It smells fanastic in there.  They employees are friendly, fast, and accuracy in the orders.  I got the iced green tea, yum!
5	Best coffee I've had in weeks...and that includes anything I found in Nashville where I stayed for a week. Very impressed with their multiple methods of preparation as well as their expertly suggested roasts.
3	Ordering breakfast here takes forever.  We had to get to Boulders and the burrito I bought took 30 minutes to make.  WTF.  Put some fake eggs, cheese, and bacon into a tortilla and nuke it.  We ended missing our tee time but at least I had my 30 minute breakfast burrito.
5	These guys know what they're doing! They offer different brewing options: V60, Chemex, Clever, and Siphon, as well as French Press. The baristas will take the time to explain each step to you, so you can really appreciate the science and artistry behind each cup of coffee.
5	God I love this place.I don't know what they do to their beans or whatever or their espresso, but my goodness it's delicious. Hands down the best iced latte I have ever found anywhere. So. Good.
4	I was at the Scottsdale Quarter to visit the Genius Bar at the Apple Store and was a little early for my appointment.  Of course they won't take you early so I had to kill some time.  I walked across the street to this Coffee Shop to grab a cup of Joe.I ordered a Med Coffee, $2.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/press-coffee-roasters-scottsdale?select=tcbbYi0_NfcF_EwVCJFkGw#tcbbYi0_NfcF_EwVCJFkGwWhile I was waiting for my Coffee, I noticed a display of Cupcakes and other Desserts.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/press-coffee-roasters-scottsdale?select=z68-Xg6iWEFheBkuQBDxDw#z68-Xg6iWEFheBkuQBDxDwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/press-coffee-roasters-scottsdale?select=1QpLcRdOBQce7z0Vo48bsw#1QpLcRdOBQce7z0Vo48bswThe Coffee was pretty good, next time I'll try the Cupcakes.Return Factor - 80%
1	The door says it closes at 9:00.  But it is closed at 8:30.  Must be in a different time zone....
5	Great place for coffee! I visit every time I am in the Quarter. They have Iced Coffee on Tap - yes, on TAP!!! It's great and really refreshing. They said that they way it is brewed, it doesn't get exposed to heat and therefore no bitterness, etc. I may be quoting the process incorrectly but I must stay - WOW - it's great.
5	Came here for a coffee date with a friend one morning and I was greeted with a refreshingly clean, sleek and modern coffee shop.I ordered a small soy latte with an extra shot and it was perfect. Not too much foam and not too hot. Along with my latte, I ordered probably the best chocolate croissant I've had since I was in Europe. Prices were appropriate, maybe even less expensive than Starbucks. Staff was very nice and cheerful.Definitely a must drop by when shopping in the quarter :)
5	Absolutely love Press Coffee Roasters, and can't say enough good things about the coffee, the food, and the staff.  Any time I'm near Scottsdale Quarter, I stop in and get an iced mocha, and my only suggestion would be to offer a larger size because they're so good!  I've also had the breakfast burrito with the chipotle sauce, and it's excellent.  The staff remembers customers and is friendly, with quick and accurate service.  Definitely my favorite coffee spot in Scottsdale.
4	I met a friend here around 11am for coffee and a nosh and it was a pretty busy place with comfortable seating. My amigo got a black coffee and some kind of pastry. I got a cinnamon bagel with cream cheese and a cappuccino. The coffee tasted like a strong French roast, but with calm overtones, not too bitter. Once I tossed some Splenda in there, it was smooth sailing. (The only reason why I've given Press 4 stars vs. 5 is because I'm an Italian roast person, and wasn't really fond of the coffee flavor overall. The coffee preparation was excellent, with a little heart and extra TLC. No complaints there!)We chatted it up for 3 hours. Both of us brought our iPads but I didn't have any Internet connection. He found one but it's name didn't sound official, so I don't think Press offers free Wi-Fi. I'm not 100% sure but I wouldn't count on it.The atmosphere was very trendy, North Scottsdale w/a largely Millennial clientele. The staff was friendly and helpful and I'd recommend it if you're in the Scottsdale Quarter and are in need of a strong pick-me-up.I wouldn't call this place easy on wheelchair/powerchair users. It's pretty tight for seating and ordering, but there are tables and chairs outside in front of the store.  If it's not too hot, you could park there for a spell.
3	Great location in new Scottsdale's newer retail shopping center. Decent coffee.
5	Great Coffee, Friendly Staff and locally owned.  My favorite coffee spot!
5	What more can I say -- I love coffee!! :)
5	As a coffee snob and frequent traveler, I was surprised and delighted to find such excellent coffee in the Phoenix area.Quality roasting with a barista staff that understands and values great extraction.I had an excellently balanced Ethiopian coffee through the Kalita Wave brewing method. The Kalita is essentially a far better performing V60. I'd recommend this place over several more well known places I've been in NYC, Chicago, and LA.Thanks Adriana for a great coffee experience!
3	First let me start off by saying, this is one of my FAVORITE coffee shops in Phoenix. So much so that I frequent it at least once a week, to get my iced toddy. I like that the iced toddies refills are only $1. So I usually get a coffee & go shopping, and then get another one for the road but today was different.I was going in for my refill, and I always ask for no ice, because I love strong coffee and it weakens it. The ethnic woman with the dark hair interrupted my transaction with the red head to tell me that they "don't do no ice because their iced coffee is so expensive. So she can give me 4 cubes instead of no ice." IS SHE SERIOUS????Ice coffee is not expensive, especially when it's coming from a keg. Coffee in general is not expensive, we are just trained to believe that paying $2 for a 16 ounce cup of hot water poured over roasted beans is normal. That is why my review is a 3.  If I walk in and see her, I would probably turn right around. But if Jimmy (?) is working, with the red hair and tattoo of the press logo on his arm I would definitely stop in.....Because he's AMAZING & does really cool latte art.
4	Excellent local coffee shop in a beautiful location. I ordered the wife a vanilla late which she said was the best that she has ever had! I had the house coffee which was good. I really want to come back for their personal brewed cups one day. I also liked the decor and staff was very nice. It was also a nice day out, first day of fall!, and we had a blast sitting at a table and chairs right outside and people watching. When I'm in the area I think I'll pass on Starbucks and head for this local shop! And that's hard for me to say because I love Starbucks!!! I have a. Feeling after I try their personal coffees I'll be updating this to a 5 star.
1	I always leave Press Coffee with buyer's remorse. I'm finally writing this reveiw because I'm done giving them generous chances and my money. The coffee here is only okay. As a coffee lover, you will find it to be very acidic and biting (coffee can actually be made to taste good and not just "dark" or "high caffeine"). I guess it's a quarter step above Starbucks quality, but that's not saying much. I'm not even really sure it is better. I've ordered a pastry here once. It was dry and falling apart. I would compare it to a sand castle put together with sugar. The cashier seemed reluctant to get it out. She must have known it was awful.I would probably be slightly more generous reviewing the quality of the coffee if the customer service wasn't so horrendous. This is a problem that plagues most of Scottsdale, but I still don't understand the practice of being snooty/annoyed at your customers. Maybe the employees need to drink more of their product? I have never seen one smile in the times I've been in here. Most of the time the expressions range from "what are YOU doing in here" to "I'm so bored and I decided to suck on a lemon." Last time I was there, I literally did 100% of the talking with the cashier. I find that to be weird in any situation, but it's really bad for a retail/service employee.Beyond the attitude of the clerks, something weird happens every time I'm in Press Coffee. Once the computer broke down and I waited without acknowledgment while the woman called for help. Another time the clerk stopped me from picking up my coffee so he could take a picture of it. Earlier this year, I had been sitting outside with my computer for a couple hours and decided to get another drink. When I went inside to order the cashier says "You're having another one!?!" I wish I would have said "no" and left, but I felt awkward and already committed to it.I'm sorry. I thought you pour liquid into a cup for a living. I thought I was paying you to do that for me.You don't have to take my word for it. You can walk past Press Coffee almost anytime and find it empty. That is a big indicator as it is the only place to get coffee at Scottsdale Quarter. Do yourself a favor and walk across to Kierland for another option.
5	This is a great place for coffee...I drive past 3 coffee shops  to come here..Everybody is friendly here....This coffee is by far better than Starbucks..Not even close..The biscotti's here are awesome...Keep up the great work guys..Michael
3	Press Coffee is a great coffee house with great coffee. Be aware though they will try to up sell their coffee every so often. For example if you ask for a iced toddy with light or no ice they will either still give you Ice or will charge you for the next size larger. This is unethical. If you order a 16oz. Then no matter the amount of ice in the cup one should still only pay for a 16oz. I didn't know there was an additional charge for lack of ice displacement.
5	I come here every week to grab a coffee, well an Americano to be exact!  I have found that they have the best tasting coffee and espresso around North Scottsdale. Their espresso is not bitter at all and tastes very smooth. I find it does take longer to make a drink here, but only because the baristas take their time to ensure every pull is perfect. I go out of my way to stop by here even though parking remotely close to Press is not always available.
4	This location is tucked into the Scottsdale Quarter and it's a great stop off to pick up a coffee and a snack to refuel and get back to shopping.  We popped in here while just enjoying a walk around the area and the server was very nice and our order was up quickly.The place is very nicely decorated and it's fun to look around and read the signs and enjoy the art on the walls.  They have some seats inside and few outside if you are looking to sit and enjoy the coffee while you are on site.Overall: AWe'll be back I'm sure!
3	Press Coffee's coffee? Meh. I've tasted better out of the office Keurig. And they too have adopted the practice of only selling extra shots at a minimum of two shots. So, if you only want one extra shot they charge you for two and throw the other one away. Eh? They don't care if it's down your gullet or down their drain; they got you to pay for it.
5	Normally I don't order a cappuccino on a first date (i.e. First time at a new coffee shop) because most places in the valley just can't execute. However this place had such a gorgeous espresso machine that I thought I'd give it a shot. Ordered my cappuccino with whole milk and did a fantastic job. Espresso was a nice robust, dark flavor without being bitter. Milk was micro-foamed and had a nice glossy finish. They paid a lot of attention to detail but were also pretty quick so we weren't waiting too long.
5	Amazing coffee!!
5	Press Coffee strives for coffee lovers to really open their eyes to the world of specialty coffee. Their staff of knowledgable baristas will explain to you how just greatly roasted coffee can really make the difference in taste and quality. You gotta love  their passion for the craft, it sets the bar for quality. Just like food, you can either go get fast food and get what you pay for or go to a specialty restaurant for invigorating flavors. So why settle for the convenience of Starbucks, if you're a real coffee lover you will look for the passion of quality that press delivers.
5	This is bad... this place is right across the street from where I work and I fear I will spend all of my money here.Sosososo good. Great Soy Latte!I wish they had bigger sized cups because it soo good.
5	As a fellow coffee roaster I always enjoy checking out the competition. The first thing I do is look to see how clean the shop is. Very clean, nice. Then I order a double espresso and sit down and try to get the feel of the place. The place was full, music wasn't too loud, baristas were busy pulling shots, pour overs etc . Different crowd than my desert hills patrons. You could tell they were there because the coffee was exceptional. I then focused on my espresso. You can always tell if a roaster knows there craft by the espresso. The nose, extreme chocolate with a hint of fruit. When it hit my mouth, my taste buds exploded. It went down nice and the buzz was smooth, nice after taste.I moved out here from northern Cali 4 years ago and have been in the business for 20 years. I did most of my training in the Olympia,Seattle area. Most of coffee shops I have visited in the Phoenix area have been average at best. Press is exceptional and if great espresso is what you seek, this is your place.
5	My absolute favorite coffee place! I have yet to have a drink from here I did not really like and they have great pastries and other food items! They also have dog friendly outdoor seating available!
2	Press, hope you don't switch from awesome urban cookie / Ollie cakes to really not good Caketini.  Oops, too late.  You already did.At least you have those comfy leather chairs to hang out and chat.  Oops, you removed all of those and packed the place with really uncomfortable wooden ones instead.Thank goodness your baristas are all really nice helpful folks.  Oops, those folks left and were replaced with hipster kids that seem slightly annoyed to be waiting on you.
5	Wonderful coffee! Oh my god, we both lived it. Took cuppacino and latte. Both were very tasty. We had to ask for extra hot though. We didn't have to ask for extra shot and neither needed sugar :). So yummy!
3	4 stars for coffee and a zucchini muffin. 2 stars for ambiance. Not a cozy place, but had a delicious latte with a barista styled heart in my foam!  Love that touch!
4	I am comfortable in this place. I found the ambiance adequate, plenty of outlets, nice sidewalk seating. Ive read in other reviews of mean baristas but I didnt experience that. I was greeted friendly and with a smile....of course I am really good looking and nice so that might be why or those others were gross and smelly. Anyway, I would add this place to enjoy a coffee when in the area.
4	Good food an beverage. Friendly but a little out there when I ask for something, I got something else entirely. They were so friendly tho I gave them fours stars anyway. Their food was very good for a coffee joint and nice outdoor seating while we were at the center.
5	This place is so good!! Every single drink I've ordered has been perfect. Not to mention their beautiful presentation. Beats most of the coffee shops i've been to.
5	This place has the best Chai Latte that I have ever had.  Plus, their coffee is really great as well.  The staff are very helpful, knowledgable and very polite.  The coffee can take some time to prepare, but it is worth it.  I agree with the other reviews that there could be some warmer decor in the place, but it isn't a big deal.  I just wish there were more locations.
4	A good change from the regular old Starbucks. The place seems very simple from the decor to the coffee cups (which I like). The staff was friendly both times I visited during my stay in Scottsdale.
3	Definitely decent coffee and espresso. The two things that bum me out are no gluten-free baked goods, and the espresso lacks real flavor. It's good, but not "wow good". The consistency of the lattes and cappuccinos also varied depending on which barista you got.
5	Delicious cappuccino.  Good strength (not watery) espresso.  Mine was done up with whole milk in the 5.5 oz "for here" ceramic mug (vs to go paper cup).  Soft, clean and relaxed industrial style.  Open atmosphere.  Seating indoors and out.  Friendly baristas, reasonably priced.  Busy enough, yet easily found seating.  I'll definitely try to visit this nice little shop again.
4	I buy my beans from a roaster who is a friend of a friend in Michigan. I've been looking for a local roaster for a while and Press Coffee ALMOST replaced my usual.As a coffee shop this place deserves a 5. If you need a coffee fix then come here. As a roaster it was so close to replacing my go to place. If the selection were a bit better or the prices were a touch lower I would have made the switch.Definitely worth visiting and if you want to take some beans home, you will not be disappointed.
4	Ohhhh Press. After my second visit here I feel like I can review it now.I REALLY want to like this place but each experience has been so different that I don't know how many more times to try them.I ordered the toddy the first visit and it was not very good. At all. Tasted burnt and very watered down. Second visit, I thought I would give the toddy a second chance but the lady behind the register thought I said "16oz coffee" instead of Toddy (hey, it happens) and actually, the coffee was delicious, so it was a good mix up. My girlfriend ordered an Iced Dirty Chai and it was actually very very good. Next time I'm there, hot coffee or chai it is.I went back to press and the Toddy is improved now, and it's quite enjoyable. Pour over coffee selection is great now, too.
4	On our continuing mission to hit all of the good little coffee shops in the valley, we ended up here. I had an iced chai latte which was yummy but not as spicy as I usually like. This is a cute little shop tucked into the mall. Service was fast and friendly even with a steady flow of people in and out, and they definitely know their coffee.
4	Great little coffee place in Scottsdale Quarter. Friendly staff, fresh brew and decent outdoor seating. Can't really ask for much more :)
3	I feel like a little bitch today, but please put down your drink so you can serve mine, especially after you are out of what you told me to order. Usually good beans, but shoddy service today...everywhere. Thanks millenials!
3	I really enjoyed my latte made with 1/2 the regular amount of almond milk. Waiter was a bit rude, not crowed at all for a Saturday afternoon/night. Would suggest a more friendly atmosphere, good latte, too expensive. Overall would say its a good place, would never be a regular here though.
4	I have been looking for a local coffee shop to satisfy my coffee addiction and I think I have found my new place. Enter Press Coffee Roasters, a small coffee shop located in the heart of the Scottsdale Quarter. Sure, parking is hard to find (especially when you just want to get in, grab a coffee, and be on your way) but the drinks are worth it. I have been here several times now, trying hot and iced lattes, iced toddies, their breakfast burrito, and even a blueberry muffin. Mmm... all of them have been delicious! I like that there are several different sizes of drinks to choose from - 8oz being their smallest and 32oz being their largest depending on hot or iced. I can't decide on a favorite, since my mood for hot or iced depends on season/time of day, but their iced toddy is really good. (Plus, they have simple syrup so I can make it as sweet as I need it!) The employees and baristas have always been extremely friendly and knowledgeable. I love watching them craft a drink, especially the lattes. Seeing the thick, creamy foam and then delicate foam art - yeah, it's awesome. To top it off, the actual roast of the beans is fantastic. I am a huge coffee snob and dislike burnt/bitter coffee. Luckily, none of that happens here. If you are in the neighborhood for a good coffee drink, definitely come check Press Coffee Roasters out. You won't be disappointed!
4	This place makes exceptional coffee!Love their chemex method and wide selection of darker roasts that really pack a punch to start your day. It's much too pricey as an everyday option, and pretty tough to find parking that's close by. Since they make their coffees individually, you also have to expect a bit of a wait before your coffee's ready. So stop by here before a long day of shopping, but don't come here if you're trying to be on time for work.Or you should come here. The weather's way too nice for you to be stuck indoors!
2	Got an Americano and thought the espresso was weak. Place has a stale vibe and the gentleman barista was very monotone. It made me not want to be in their. My 2 friends felt the same way. Can you say overrated ?
5	I am a regular at press...personally I love their coffee, better than most small coffee shops in my opinion...consistency is good..coffee foam on top is also pretty....interior colors could be better, maybe brighter.   The staff are really nice, obviously some are more outgoing than others.  Great location to enjoy u drink with friends or by yourself!
5	After having a latte at press coffee it's hard to go back to drinking coffee from anywhere else. Peas has been my coffee of choice since the first time I went there 2 years ago.
4	Would give it 5 stars if they would open earlier.  It would be great if they opened at 6 am instead of 7 am.  I am an early riser and I need my morning fixx early. ;-)  Good coffee and espresso!
2	Over the course of two years I've stopped in here twice. Both times I find the coffee good, but the atmosphere uninviting.  At least four young guys are idling behind the counter. Neither a smile, nor a greeting for me on either visit. There are too many good coffee houses (Hava Java, for one) to waste time and money patronizing a place with arrogant servers.
5	I drink coffee and I drink it daily so majority of the time I let quality suffer for convenience and drink the bitter, burned  stomach unsettling coffee from Starbucks.  There are usually between 2-5 Starbucks at every intersection so good coffee shops have been pushed out due to the American love of drive thru's.  ( I am part of that crowd :( ). One thing you can NEVER get from a BS coffee shop like Starbucks is a Toddy if you don't know what that is feel free to blow your brains out cause you have no idea what iced coffee should taste like.  Even the iced americanos which are brewed traditionally are amazing, no bitterness, no burnt flavor, nothing but smooth deliciousness.  The caffeine level of the coffee is also perfect, high like I like it (that sounds funny).  Either way Press is my favorite coffee shop, I was upset when they shut the city north location but I moved and this location is super close now they also have one at Skyharbor so if your trying to stay awake during that flight hit them up.  Honestly way better than Cartel, if you like Cartel Press will blow you away.
4	This place is nice. I haven't tried their coffee but they have my favorite chai in the Valley.
5	I am on doctors orders to give up caffeine.  This is not good for someone who likes a great cup of coffee.  I'm not a fan of decaf coffee and have never had a good cup....until now.  I love their decaf cappuccinos.  They taste rich and delicious and.not at all like decaf.  It is out of my way to come to Press, but I think it's well worth the extra trip to come there.  Love the place!!
4	Best Java in Scottsdale.
5	Best coffee I've ever had. Just wish it wasn't in the Quarter. I'd go everyday but parking can be a nightmare.
5	Visiting from North Carolina and stumbled across this place.  Much better than Starbucks and great service!
5	The only thing that could make this coffee shop better is a designated parking space for regular customers. On the other hand, parking in the garage means that your car is in the shade during the hot AZ summers. Because Press is located in Scottsdale Quarter, it can often be a busy place, but the staff is always friendly--even when there is a line of under-caffeinated customers. Unlike a lot of other coffee shops, I have to say that I love all of the coffees and drinks they offer. There is a wide range of traditional espresso drinks, and other more modern items like blended frozen drinks. Everyone is very knowledgeable of different tastes and flavors, and they are happy to build you a custom order for whatever you're craving. They not only offer coffee by the bag, but also stock a good selection of at-home coffee products such as Chemex and Clever coffee makers and filters. The food here is also really good! The breakfast burritos are build-your-own, and the muffins and biscotti are wonderful. I believe they come from a local bakery, but I can't recall the name. Nothing like sitting here for awhile with a delicious drink and a tasty snack. They are also very laid back about people coming in for a few hours to study or use the internet. They quickly learn the names of their regular customers, and always seem to find a way to make my experience both personal and enjoyable.I should also mention that they offer cuppings at their roasting location. This experience was above and beyond as well! You not only get to sample the coffees, but you meet the roaster and she teaches you all about coffee in general and Press's specific sourcing and roasting processes. It's a great way to get to know the coffee you drink and the people who make it possible!
5	Pressed is a high quality local coffee shop that provides a rich cup of happiness every time.They also have a variety of delicious teas and snacks. The location is ideal for studying, quick meetings or a long catch up session.Highly recommended.
5	I am from the Northwest and love my coffee. Press is the first coffee shop I have found in the Scottsdale area that makes me feel like I am back in the NW where everyone considers coffee making an art.
5	I go here every Sunday for fresh brew iced coffee. I'm by no means a coffee snob but I love the coffee here.
3	They make great Americanos, the staff is well versed on coffee and are very friendly. Coffee is expensive not sure if this is a Scottsdale thing? Although it's a mall this place isn't very attractive for lounging.
4	This cute coffee shop is located in a mall, and since Scottsdale Quarters is so trendy and upscale-y, this place is no different. I love the sun light that spills in through the massive windows and doors which makes it a pleasant place to work or get together with a friend. They definitely roast their own coffees here and do coffee well. I got a soy latte and couldn't be more pleased with how it turned out. They also use a trifecta or trifeta ... I am not really into this but it's cool that they try out new ways of making coffee.The barista was very friendly, and they are trying to expand their menu to include many different kinds of cold brews aside from the one they have on tap. I highly recommend this as an amazing coffee spot INSIDE A MALL ... nevertheless. Great find!
5	Always consistently fresh coffee and friendly service.  Highly recommended!
5	Back again for a great breakfast burrito and a cup of their excellent coffee.  Y'all come by - I'll see you here. RichardNovember 2014. And the place is still as good as ever
1	Espresso is not just kinda bitter (which would still be a major faux pas) but EXTREMELY bitter. I really, really want to support noncorporate coffee places . But, most unfortunately, with the rare exception, the only place that serve decent espresso is Starbucks. I am constantly looking for reasons not to go to Starbucks but it is just not happening. :(
4	I was skeptical about this place... Great coffee in the US? Blown away. Perfect espresso from a guy who looked absolutely exhausted on a black Friday makes me excited to come back when he's well rested.  Friend also manage to score almond milk lattes. What a treat! Fun decor,  great coffee, very pleased.
4	The staff here is so great! Everyone that works here is SO nice!! They will definitely help you find your perfect drink.Their iced teas are delicious!!! Get the Mediterranean mint ice tea!I'm not that big a fan of the coffee... But that's just my opinion.
3	Not bad, the iced coffee is very good. The prices are a bit steep, even for Scottsdale. I wish their was a bit more seating and the seating was a little more comfortable.
5	These guys know their coffee. C3 coffee a few doors down has nothing on these guys. I drive down from Desert Ridge just to taste their beans! Their Latte is great, smooth, and tasty. Do yourself a favor and give them your business so they can stay in business and keep providing such great coffee.
