2	I recently moved in this August expecting an upscale apartment.  In the end, cabinets, floors, and other features are very bottom of the line.  Floors are not wood, but more of a thin plastic floor covering with tons of scratches.  Appliances are stainless steel, but my dishwasher has already broken 1 month into renting.  Maintenance seems very slow to fix problems, taking at least a week to fix problems.  The building also has problems with the fire alarms and they often go off in the middle of the night, multiple times a night.   The company still has not seemed to find a solution to this problem yet (which they continue to attribute to dust)!! The only positive I can say about the building thus far is that the building managers are fairly friendly, remember my name, and usually keep us up to date on things happening in the building.  Overall, I am glad I am the first person to live here, since the furnishings won't last and will seem very run down in a few years.  Hopefully maintenance improves.  Way overpriced for what you are getting, especially if renting out efficiency or one bedroom.
1	What a joke of an apartment. I am positive the place is put together with bubblegum and bandaids. I knew they were in a hurry to complete the project for tenants to move in and August 1 and it it clear that it wasn't ready for move in. Blinds were not even put on the windows until two weeks after move in and the door entry system wasn't up and running until a month later, and mine still does not work.  Like the other review mentioned, the "hardwood floors" are cheap and scratch easily. They thought it would keep up with a sleek design to not put door knobs on the closet doors which later yielded it impossible to function and all units had knobs added. When I had moved in I couldn't get the air conditioning to work on a simple thermostat and thought I was losing my mind because I couldn't figure it out. When I had contacted them they came to look at it and said it was working. Mind you that my window doesn't open more than 2 inches due to safety concerns the location of my unit. When they came back a second time if was finally fixed but it doesn't have the capabilities to go lower than 73 degrees. When it came time to finally give in and turn the heat on, I had the same problem. I woke up one morning to a brisk 58 degrees when I had set it at 70 when I went to bed. When they FINALLY came to look at it again they mentioned about 20 percent of the units in the building were having this problem and were installed improperly. Nice. The maintenance man gave me a space heater for the night and said good luck, someone would be in tomorrow. It's now fixed but I still have problems with the hot water. I've never taken more than a luke warm shower here, no matter what time or day it is. With a building this large and a property management company that has many properties and experience as they have,  I would think they could account for hot water for all tenants. Other than junk amenities this place has endless problems including parking and not letting the city offer street parking permits, so if I am home M-Sat I am moving my car every 2 hours to avoid a parking ticket. Also, there are times I come home from work around midnight and there is puke all over the lobby and it is absoluetly disgusting. They seem to be more worried about installing the soda machines in the lobby rather than taking care of residents needs. They also start construction on the building at 745am so forget about that extra 15min of sleep you crave if you rise at 8 or later. One of the elevators is continually out of service so  it takes eons for the one functioning on to do all the work, you're better off taking the stairs to the 9th floor. Lastly, as the previous review mentioned, the fire alarms are always going off because some dust during the construction is tripping them and it always seems to be around 11pm or later on the weekdays. This place is not worth paying a "luxury" price for, and I am really disappointed  with Madison Property Management because I know they usually do good work.
1	Do not live here. Let's just start with the top issues:1) AIRBORNE PARTICLES EVERYWHERE - Constant building construction has debris and particles flowing through the central AC. There is a layer of dust regardless of how often we clean. We have reported this and they say this won't stop until well after construction. No apologies. 2) FIRE ALARMS - The fire alarm goes off all the time because it gets set off by the airborne particles. Ask any resident, they will attest to getting out of the apartment at 3 AM several times, because it has happened over 5 times. One time, the alarm went off twice in one night! 3) DRUG CENTRAL - Constant smell of weed. Look at the bottom of the doors in the apartment, it has gotten so bad that residents put towels to prevent the smell from flowing into their own apartment. 4) DIRTY - Vacuum is not done often enough. You will be tracking dirt into your apartment.5) UNTRUSTWORTHY MANAGEMENT - Madison Properties. Enough said. This is not your high end apartment solution. Save your money and GO ELSEWHERE.
1	Although there have been certain updates to the building since it's initial opening- added fitness center, community chairs on patio, and addition of commercial business on first floor, the fire alarms continue to go off in the middle of the night and my apartment still continues to show the cheapness of poor construction.
1	It is 4am and I am writing this review as I stand outside the Constellation, because the fire alarm has been going off for 45 plus minutes. This has happened multiple times in the past year.
1	Yesterday was our one year anniversary of moving in and I guess it was only fitting that we had to go outside in the middle of the night for another false fire alarm. It is probably close to 10 times now that we have had to leave the building in the middle of the night for a false alarm. I was willing to let a few slide at first because it was a new building etc etc, but it has been a YEAR and the alarms are still going off. For a building marketed as a "luxury" apartment, this is completely unacceptable. To make matters worse, last night was also the longest we were outside (over an hour) because no one seemed to have the key to the area where the problem was. The fire department finally made an executive decision and had the poor security guard walk around the building all night so they could deactivate the alarm and we could go back in to get some sleep. This was appreciated, but the rest of the night was far from restful as the fire alarm came screeching back on for 10 seconds seemingly every time you had just started to get back to sleep (this is a common theme for each false alarm though). I'm sure we will get another email Monday morning full of excuses about dust in an elevator shaft or something.The building is not without its perks (coffee shop and bar in-house and a nice view). However, until they get simple things this figured out, I strongly recommend against the Constellation or MPM. Again, one YEAR and we are still dealing with this. Get your act together, Madison Property Management!9/14/14 Update: If the Constellation can go six months without a false alarm (false alarms caused by a tenant's burning toast etc won't count), I'll delete this review.
1	This business probably pays to have some reviews blocked/not used as my previous review is not counted towards the score as my previous review is hidden unless you click on reviews not included in the rating. My first review is included at the bottom. Here is an update.1) PROPERTY MANAGEMENT HAS HORRIBLE MANNERS: Lindsey M. of The Constellation - your time would be better spent relaying the message that Eric, the property manager, treats everyone here without respect. Instantly applying the strong arm tactics and using "rules" (which as some ppl noted below are not even real rules or legal) to get his way is disrespectful. I hope your company has a way to review Eric's behavior with residents. Just try talking to a few of them. My view will be consistent.2) DIRT REMAINS EVERYWHERE. I hope you enjoy vacuuming every day. We have an automatic vacuum as a result.3) FIRE ALARMS GO ALL ALL THE TIME: Just read the other reviews. They are not taking this problem seriously as they say. If so, put your money where your mouth is. Why not give the residents 5% off their rent for the month if another false alarm goes off? If you mean, it you would consider it.Old review below:Do not live here. Let's just start with the top issues:1) AIRBORNE PARTICLES EVERYWHERE - Constant building construction has debris and particles flowing through the central AC. There is a layer of dust regardless of how often we clean. We have reported this and they say this won't stop until well after construction. No apologies. 2) FIRE ALARMS - The fire alarm goes off all the time because it gets set off by the airborne particles. Ask any resident, they will attest to getting out of the apartment at 3 AM several times, because it has happened over 5 times. One time, the alarm went off twice in one night! 3) DRUG CENTRAL - Constant smell of weed. Look at the bottom of the doors in the apartment, it has gotten so bad that residents put towels to prevent the smell from flowing into their own apartment. 4) DIRTY - Vacuum is not done often enough. You will be tracking dirt into your apartment.5) UNTRUSTWORTHY MANAGEMENT - Madison Properties. Enough said. This is not your high end apartment solution. Save your money and GO ELSEWHERE.
5	Living at The Constellation has been a great experience. I lived there the first year after it was finished, which I thoroughly enjoyed. The MPM staff was kind and easy to work with while handing any issue. I enjoyed stepping out on the oversized balcony that overlooked the Capitol and Lake Monona most mornings. Every apartment I visited had views that most people who live downtown would love to see for themselves. It was in walking, biking distance of any place someone would want to reach in this area. Granite countertops, huge bedroom and walk in closet, giant bathroom and honestly the quietest apartment I have ever rented - steel frame construction and insulated shared walls with concrete between every floor guarantees I very rarely - if ever, heard my neighbors . I myself am an Architecture student and find it mildly amusing the clearly exaggerated complaints about the fire alarms or how poor the MPM staff is. Obviously any new building has kinks that need to be worked out and the issues with the fire alarms in the first few months of the building opening  are not reflective of the building as a whole. My experience with MPM exemplified the best aspects of customer service and they were attentive to my needs anytime I had a question or maintenance request. Even when my fridge stopped running at 11pm, MPM on call staff arrived and fixed the issue within an hour and was completely kind and friendly. i would (and have) recommend this place to anyone looking for a fresh, upbeat place to live in the downtown area of Madison. Beautiful apartments, excellent location and friendly, helpful staff.
4	It's really not that bad.  I like living here.  Many of these complaints sound juvenile.
2	I lived there for a year, starting in August 2013 when the building was just barely finished. While it is an okay place to live, I will not choose to live there again. These are my reasons:- Management: they were very difficult to work with at times. I walked into the office and asked for the fitness room's temperature setting to be lowered from 85 degrees to 75 degrees, but it never happened. Additionally, they were extremely unprofessional and unapologetic about the constant fire alarms that went off in the middle of the night during the work week, as well as the blinds that weren't installed until weeks later after we moved in. The fitness room that was supposed to be part of the amenities also wasn't completed until much later, which caused people to need to sign up for gym memberships elsewhere (MPM did not offer to reimburse these). - Not winter-proofed: the giant windows are of poor quality and have many leaks. Despite MPM saying that the building was inspected for leaks, the inside of our window constantly had ice around the edges. MPM argued that it was because we did not let the air flow around enough. - Location: advertised as a very quick walk from the capitol. It's a brisk, uphill 15 minute walk that passes through some sections that I don't always feel safe walking by at night. If one of the reasons you choose to live downtown is so that you can walk to and from bars on weekends, then living at the Constellation sort of defeats the purpose.There are worse places to live, but if you're planning on paying about $800/month + $100/month for parking, live somewhere else.
2	Nice building, but the poor experience with management leads me to give The Constellation 2/5 stars.  I lived there for one year and did not renew my lease; I waited until now to post a review because I think it is entirely possible management would have withheld my security deposit if I had posted earlier.  The management does not understand how to deal with adult professionals.  I frequently felt I was treated with a lack of basic respect for my time, and that legitimate concerns presented in a reasonable manner were ignored. Day 1, the building manager was a no-show for the appointment in which we were to pick up our keys.  This appointment had been scheduled a week ahead of time and confirmed the day before. As we had a moving truck with us that needed to be returned, his no-show meant we had make an hour drive across town and back through rush hour undergraduate move-in traffic (this drive normally takes 10 minutes) to get our keys.  This was a pretty apt introduction to the type of communication we could expect from this employee: inconsiderate to the point of rudeness and very delayed to non-responsive.  Employees at the Constellation who I had found to be responsive and polite were not given enough latitude to adequately address issues raised.There were many (10+) fire alarms throughout the year of 2013 - 2014, most after 11 pm. For individuals who work for a living and have to perform well in meetings, need to be sharp at their jobs, or must catch a plane, having fire alarms going off after 3am is more than an inconvenience.  These alarms could have been prevented by taking the appropriate  precautions to prevent construction dust (from downstairs businesses) from getting into the building's air ducts and covering (eventually triggering) the alarm heads.  A good amount of construction dust was coming into my apartment through the vent on a daily basis.  That the building manager apparently did not rectify the situation after the first, second, third, fourth or fifth ... etc. alarm, and numerous emails from tenants, is very upsetting.  Additionally, such construction dust can be bad for your health - that is why construction workers often wear masks - yet no response from management about the fact that it was entering my apartment everyday.The Mifflin side of the building has inadequate drainage at street level.  During the Spring, the rain runoff from the Gorham side of the isthmus tends to converge on Mifflin.  This is exacerbated by the truck yard across the street - there is little grass / dirt to absorb the excess rain runoff.  As a result, with even an average amount of rain, Mifflin floods to approximately 2 feet deep directly in front of the building - where both tenants and guests of tenants park.  I  personally watched an average rainfall flood 5 - 6 cars several times that Spring.  My own car was damaged by this flooding, as were three of my neighbor's cars. The management did nothing to correct this.  To be clear, this happened not just once but SEVERAL times.  Additionally, I find it hard to believe that management did not know about this issue when they purchased the property.  They did nothing to warn tenants about the possibility of flooding / car damage.  I could go on and on about petty things such unresponsiveness to requests for basic maintenance (which later morphed into inappropriate fees taken out of our security deposit), but I think my examples above illustrate clearly enough what you are getting into when you choose to rent an apartment from this (undeniably nice) building with awful management.
