3	This is a typical super Walmart with groceries and everything.I find the meat prices outrageous here.  Hamburger meat was almost $4 a pound.  Also the produce isn't the best, the lemons were all pretty bad.The rest of the store is pretty typical.  Bathroom is nicer than the one at home although it definitely needed a cleaning.  There is a switch on the wall that says to turn it on if the bathroom needs clean.  The switch was on but nobody was cleaning.We were here and a kid pulled the fire alarm near the customer service counter. Oddly the fire alarm only went off in that area.  The rest of the store was quiet.  I don't think that's the safest system but they must have a reason for it.
1	One of the worst places for customer service!!! Not to mention walked around for 10 minutes just to get some help. My boyfriend an I came in to the tire lube express toget our batteries checked. Right away they were not very friendly, one of the batteries needed to be charged so we walked around a while it was being charged. We needed a shop vac so we found a 12 gallon that was on a top shelf priced for 27.97. Took us 10 minutes to find a employee to pull it off the shelf for us. We went back to the automotive register to ring it up an get our battery. The employee Stuart came in to check us out, the shop vac rang up for 80! when we question him saying the shelf price was 27 Stuart immediately told us we were wrong an stomped back to the isle we got it from.  My boyfriend followed him to show him the price tag. The employee raced back to the register practically yelling that we were wrong causing a huge scene. After couple times of him going to the isle an then just standing in the office we decided we did not want to be treated like this an go up front to speak to a manager. On the way we noticed a manager was going to the isle of the shop Vacs. We followed an found that Stuart actually switched the price tags an then called the manager. We told him what was going on, he checked the footage an ended up accommodating the 27 price an apologized for the employees an he will have a "talk" with staurt. No one should ever be treated that way especially when we weren't even rude to him. I've work in customer for almost 10 years an by far that was the worst customer service I've ever seen
3	Walmart has come a long way in the recent years and this location is located pretty close to home.In the food section they started carrying many organic and healthier options as well as a decent sized gluten free section.Their wine selection, although small, has enough for what's needed.Clothing options also have some items that are on par with decency.They have self check out on both sides of the store making checkout a breeze on most occasions.I like their pharmacy because of the $4 prescription program, were many common generic prescriptions are filled for $4 regardless of insurance.
