3	Why are all Toys R Us so ghetto?  They all have tiny doorways and look like stripped down WalMarts.  There is rarely an enjoyable experience to be had when going to Toys R Us, especially when you hate being around breeders and their spawn.  That being said, this is possibly my favorite Toys R Us.  They always have more than one register open and they actually had freakin ZhuZhu pets.  Can't hate that.  This one doesn't seem to be populated by the same unrestricted breeders that the suburbia ones do so it is slightly more quiet and causes fewer headaches for me.
3	Store is pretty good as far as having a good selection of games and toys.  They have a decent Lego section and creative art section.I was not happy with the service whatsoever.  I was in the sports section and was trying to figure out how much a ball was.  Employee came over and said he could scan the item but then decided I should go in search of an end-of-aisle scanner instead of whipping out his scan gun. I never found the end-of-aisle scanner and decided to forget the whole thing all the while mulling over how lazy the employee was.  When I got to the register w/ my other items I was ready to blow my stack.  3 registers open. I literally stood there for 15 minutes without any of the registers moving.  Had no idea what was going on.  When I got to the front they told me that all the registers were filled w/ new trainees at the helm.  So, selection of "stuff" good.Service not so good, but maybe they'll get their act together.
3	This Toys R US is just ok, it is not very clean and the isles are usually messy.  It is hard to find items since it seems so disorganized.  I try to avoid this one at all cost, sometimes it is not easy since I am in the area a lot and sometimes I need to check out something for the twins.  Last time I was there they only had two cashiers and the lines were really long.  Patience is not one of my virtues.  There have been plenty of times where I have just left empty handed because I couldn't wait that long for a kids purchase.  Good thing I rarely shop with the twins in tow.
3	This place is a "Necessary Evil".  I loath, despise and hate shopping at these kind of places but when your looking for that one special toy that you need quickly and at a reasonable price ~ this Toys R Us might be that place for you too.  We do almost all of our toy shopping or the kiddos online but sometimes we shop at this TRU.  Sure this store is cluttered and dingy most of the time.  Their service is poor and it's hard to find someone to help you at times especially when checking out.  The up-side to shopping here is they are almost always in stock of the more popular toys.  They also have good adds and here lately they have been offering $$ gift cards back when you shop with them.  I bought my son the Skylanders Starter kit for XBOX less than what it is at other retailers, they included a $19 value pack of figures and gave me $15 gift card.  I'll go back to shop at this "Necessary Evil" again soon because they are A-OK, but I won't like it...
3	-Meh- that's about as much as I have to say for this store. I don't frequent toy stores all that much and when I do its usually with my 5 year old niece (why would I do that to my self? Seriously, why would you bring a 5 year old to a toy store!) and she always finds what she wants, or for that matter, what she didn't know she wanted. From my viewpoint, this store is kinda creepy. I always feel like there are tons of light bulbs out and the dirty merry-go rounds and rocket ship rides give me the heebie-jeebies.  Staff is few and far between to find in this store and the check process is the worse I have ever seen anywhere. This store does have a super small Babies-R-Us department that really isn't worth looking at, but hey, my niece loves it so I always come back.
1	this store was absolutely horrible, i called mon morning 10am to see if they  had an item, i was informed they did and they would put it on hold for me till 5pm i drove an hour from my home to the store and when i got there no item none on the shelf and I stood behind a guy at the counter for over 45min while the guy tried to figure out how to help the customer. manager and another employee finally came and asked me how they could help. it took another 30 min to order what i wanted on line, and all they did was not charge me shipping which i would not have paid the begin with. i called the 800 number for complaints and gave a report they were supposed to get back to me to date 3 weeks later no response. beware of these people they dont care about customer service.
3	I've never had an issue with any department here at Toy R US! They do need to pay their employees more as you just know that is needed!
2	I wish I hadn't grown up.Because when I did...I went to this store which made regret ever being a Toys R Kid.This Toys R Us could be used as the very reason why I do most of my shopping online.  The store is big and may have a huge selection, but it's woefully messy and unorganized.  And by messy I don't just mean stuff all over the place, I'm talking about dirty with cracked floor titles that are big enough to be tripped over.  I would say the store was hit by Grey Thursday/Black Friday tornado and never recovered, but it feels like it's always this way.  And it didn't take me too long to come to that conclusion.  That's because with the exception of the cashiers, I only saw three employees on the floor.  I know it was only friday in the mid-afternoon, but It's the holiday season.  How are there only three people available to help customers, restock shelves, and do any general cleaning in a store this big?Unless you have a child with you, I would avoid entering this Toys R Us at all cost.  Actually, for their safety, I would avoid bringing a child into this store, too.
1	I ordered merchandise online with my credit card and chose in store pick up to avoid the shipping fees. When I arrived at the store, I parked in the space designated for in-store pick up. For some reason, this is located on the complete opposite side of the store from the pick up booth. No one mans this booth so I had to wait for an employee to be called. I showed him what I ordered and he went to the back. He returned about 5 minutes later and asked me again what I had ordered. This time I handed him the receipt I had brought with me. He returned a few minutes later and said the order was canceled cuz I had not picked it up quick enough. I told him that I had already paid for the items and it had not even been 10 days since the order. He said the order was canceled several days back and that I had not been charged for the items. I went home disappointed and checked my statement to find I had indeed been charged for the transaction. The employee did not seem to care one bit about the situation. When I asked if I could pick out the same products from the store, I was quickly rebuffed.
5	i loved the great selection of infant toys they offered here. We needed a mobile and  a rattle but didn't want to go to babies-r-us because it was too far. The guy who helped was real good at finding what we needed. Mike took us to the aisle we wanted to see, then showed us a special discounted area where people returned stuff without opening or using, usually party gifts. so we were able to get what we needed for a reasonable price. Our 7 month old girl seemed to enjoy them, the checkout was fast and everyone was friendly. I even snuck a peak at the toy aisles for older boys and was amazed, i have a younger boy so i cant wait until he gets old enough to play with some of those things.
