3	this is one of those fast service for pastas like Sbarro's. My bf ordered a spaghetti with meatballs and I ordered the cheese with penne. Both of our pastas came with a side salad of your choice and a breadstick. The total came out to be about $20. It is kind of expensive but it came with other 2 side dishes. They were very filling for us. I didn't eat the breadstick   and i ate a bit of the salad and half the pasta. My bf's pasta was alright. This was just a place for a quick fix for pasta.
2	Eh. Huge lines at lunch time. Alright pizza. Expensive for what you get just like all of Vegas.
5	Im very picky on italian.. this place is a GREAT eatery.Very fresh salad, pasta is high quality, Lasagna SOO good!!And the workers are very friendly!!Overall I highly recommend them.
3	It's LA Italian Kitchen at the Venetian Grand Canal Shoppes.This could be a Sbarro's if not for the name, with about the same selections and the priciness to it.  The staff running it on the day (June 24th, 2010) I went were very courteous, which is different from the Sbarro's I've been to though.     A combo (entre, side and a drink) will run you over $10 here.
2	Came here for some fast food Italian and got lasagna, grilled potatoes, bread stick, and a drink for 16 bucks. Taters and bread sticks were good but the pasta was way too salty and cold. Definitely not coming back...
4	After leaving the LV Chocolate Festival & Pastry Show, I just had to get something in my stomach other than sweet treats to neutralize the immense load of sugar in my system.  A couple of slices of pizza sounded like it would completely fill the bill.  But it was already after 11:00 p.m.  So, the quest for good late eats began.The Venetian/Palazzo hotel directory showed that Enoteca Otto Pizzeria and Trattoria Reggiano were fairly close by.  Yet, when we arrived at Enoteca Otto Pizzeria on The Venetian's St. Mark's Square, restaurant staffers were already stacking chairs, and we were informed that the restaurant had closed just 15 minutes earlier.  So, off we trekked to the next possibility.When we arrived at the trattoria, a few diners were seated at tables finishing their meals.  So, things looked promising.  But this was not to be our pizza salvation either.  When I asked for seating for two for pizza, the manager replied that they had just run out of pizza, and the restaurant was closing in 10 minutes anyway.  So, remembering previously seeing some pizza stand in The Venetian's nearby Food Court, we pressed on to our last hope for the night--and soon came face to face with L.A. Italian Kitchen.  The displayed pizza looked pretty good, and we were relieved to find out that the place would stay open until 1:00 a.m.All I initially wanted were two slices, but after eyeballing the size of the pizza slices here, I figured that one slice of Pepperoni, Mushroom, & Sausage Pizza would suffice nicely to counteract the sugar overload.  And, Diane opted for a single slice of Cheese Pizza.  It had to be made from scratch, because the last slices of remaining Cheese Pizza had just been sold.       The sausage was a little spicy and juicy; the pepperoni spicier still, as appropriate; and the mushroom slices large, thin, and soothing to offer a nice counterpoint to the meats.  The dough was doughier than usual but good.  And, in my opinion this saucy and cheesy pizza was really good for a food court pizza, and most definitely better than that found at Sbarro's, which I have found generally looks better than it tastes.  While Diane glomped down on half a slice of the fresh Cheese Pizza that had just come out of the oven, we listened to sounds of James Brown and Buddy Holly's "Peggy Sue" piped in overhead.  It was a pleasant end to a memorable evening at The Venetian and Palazzo.
1	Terrible!!! My friend and I split a pizza meal here and it was horrible.We had the veggie pizza which came cold and they just popped it in the oven however we needed to go back and have it reheated which was a pain.The pizza meal came with a slice of pizza and a side which you could chose pasta or salad, we picked a caesar salad for  and the meal come to about 8.69 or something, you could also add on a drink and garlic bread for an additional 1.99 we went this that....The garlic bread was hard to chew, the only thing we enjoyed was the salad and the portion was so tiny.What a waste of $12. We ended up tossing out our food and going else where, such a shame as we thought we made a good choice as this place had a long line compared to all the others in the food court...We made a bad choice...
1	Terrible food. In addition to that the worker tried I charge us $20 than the actual bill. Then when we showed him the calculation with a calculator he kept on giving us a hard time. Also he charged us $10 each for a little bowl of just plain noodles. Last thing there are not even prices to see how much you will be paying. (3 small bowls of plain noodles, 2 drinks and a slice of pizza he charged us $68.11) the actual charge was $47
2	The pizza was alright, a step or two under SBarro's (I like SBarro's tomato sauce). Pasta was normal. Price was a total ripoff. $10 for that pizza slice, not as large as SBarro/Costco, and my pasta side was probably two bites. Couldn't even feed a toddler with that bowl of spaghetti. For the same price I could've had a lot more food at Panda Express with a dollar to spare for a drink.
