4	service was excellent
2	I've sat on writing this review for about a week now trying to decide what I wanted to say and how I wanted to rate this....well that and I was busy, ok? Anyway, took some family members and a couple of kids to the Lobster on a Monday evening. With the SnowBirds stil in town, this place was busy. What was supposed to only be a 25 minute wait was actually a 45 minute wait and after telling them we were leaving, a table suddenly came available. Imagine that....Our server was....confident. His introduction to us included a detailing of his excellence in service and went on for a couple of minutes while the kids squirmed. We ordered our drinks and away we went. Now Mr. Excellence in Service wasn't so excellent. Maybe it was because he was the only server in our section and he had 7 tables with at least 4 people at each table. I imagine that was because he had bragged to the manager how awesome he was and that he could handle it because normally at chains, the managment has policies about the number of tables a server can have. But I digress. Our drinks would be empty for a while before he would get around to us. And to top it off, he forgot to order our appetizer that he himself said he LOVED and was his favorite. Our salads took FOREVER to arrive and when our meals came, one of my companions and I who had ordered the same item didn't get the right item. Very disappointing. When Mr. Excellence in Service was called over and we told him about the missing appetizer as well as the two dishes that were incorrect, he almost broke down in tears right at the table! WTF? Anyway, we explained to him that we would eat our dinners but wanted a discount and wanted to be sure the app was not on our bill. He seemed fine with that and apologized about 200 times. Then the manager comes over. Clearly this woman has been beaten down by customers one too many times because she was nearly in tears as well. We weren't even mad...we just wanted to be sure we were billed correctly. She offered to put the missing item in a to-go box for us to enjoy later....again WTF? But she did give us free dessert, comp'd us a dinner and made sure the appetizer wasn't on our bill...which is all we wanted. The food itself was fine...typical Red Lobster fare. Nothing overly special. The kids were happy with their food. I just wanted to be sure we didn't get billed for stuff we didn't get. But Mr. Excellence was so broken up about screwing up our table after all his bravado, he hardly returned until he brought us the bill where he apologized again so profusely even my 8 year old was like Dude, get a hold of yourself. The saving grace of this experience was the comp'd dinner and free desserts. Yes I'll likely go back to Red Lobster because dammit I like that shrimp and lobster pasta. It beckons me every so often and I can't shake it. If you go to this Red Lobster, expect a wait and expect substandard service, but at least you know the shrimp and lobster pasta won't disappoint you.
2	I'd rather eat from the lobster tank because that was the cleanest place in the joint. For the price of these "seafood" dishes, one could be eating cuisine from a real chef at Vogue instead of the microwave meisters, Julio and Juan.
1	If your steamer is turned off because it's 1 hour from closing time, please inform us and we won't order. Don't nuke the crab legs. Leg meat was a string. I can't even find words to describe the misery of these crab legs. I sent it back and 10 minutes later, I got the same legs. Well, I'm sure it is not the same legs, but it was dried out as same way. 10 days old crab legs. Nothing else to say.
3	We chose to go to Red Lobster because we wanted lobster. I guess we should be a bit pickier next time. I ordered rock and Maine lobster tails. While the maine lobster was delicious, the rock lobster was tough and veiny. The service was excellent though.
5	i dont often go to restaurants for dinner, but i was home visiting my parents and they wanted to go out. I have to say, this was one of the better experiences i have had and i attribute that largely to the staff. Red Lobster as far as food is concerned is always going to be the same, and i wont complain on that. The food was tasty enough. But the service was outstanding. The greeters did a great job of directing traffic and addressing new comers, and the waitress was also right on. We were never left wanting or needing anything, and the timeliness of the delivery in courses was also spot on. Great location and well managed.
3	Overall each of my experiences at this particular Red Lobster have been okay. The restaurant itself is clean. The bathrooms are kept up. The service can be dicey. We went two times recently very close to each other. The first time the service was pretty bad. I kept asking for our free cheddar biscuits and our waiter kept telling us they were making more and he would bring some out as soon as he could, despite the fact that other tables around us were receiving them. I finally stopped a manager and asked for them and we received the biscuits right away. I don't know if it was the waiters ploy to get us to order more items we would pay for but it was not successful. What he did succeed in doing was lowering his tip. Foolish waiter, he did not know I waited tables for 10 years and always way over tip for even adequate service. At any rate the rest of the meal was fine. I almost always enjoy the food there. The second time we went we had excellent service. Our waitress was prompt with both the yummy biscuits and drink refills. I did, however have a complaint with the food. We ordered the potato battered shrimp and never have I eaten anything so salty in my entire life. My husband & I each took one bite and had to send them back, requesting something else instead. The waitress handled this beautifully, it was the manager, in this case, that didn't. The manager didn't even do a table visit. I also was in restaurant management for 15 years and I know the first thing you do when you have a customer complaint is GO VISIT THE TABLE! Instead we could see her rolling her eyes when the server brought this to her attention. She made the server come back to the table and collect the shrimps in question. The server did replace our shrimps with something else we did like and did so quickly. The rest of the meal was fine. So yeah, overall it was fine. A couple of problems each time but always resolved quickly except for the lack of concern on the part of the manager. A good place to go and get some yummy food.
1	This food is poison don't eat at any red lobster
3	I have always been a fan of red lobster! However unfortunately last night was pretty sad. The food itself was normal nothing fantastic but better than not having to cook. We got right in which was a nice surprise, however our service was horrible. It was hard to hear our server he was so quiet. Not once did he check in to see how our food was. And our drinks continued to sit empty before we got a refill, and i made sure to ask for no lemon as i hate it in my tea but yet received it. Our biscuits were super salty (which normally is ok... but this was extreme) but they took forever to get when others seemed to be receiving them around us. I dont know if the server was just having on off night but he sure seemed to be fine standing and talking with the other servers. Its pretty bad if you write down to add shrimp to the salad and tell the table if i forget just remind me i tend to do that... READ YOUR ORDER THEN YOU WONT HAVE TO WORRY!
5	Melanie was absolutely great...the food was good but the service was impeccable...thank you Melanie for making pop's birthday a great one
1	UGGGGH. It is red Lobster what do you expect? Red Lobster is the Denny's of seafood. It is garbage with a ton of salt on it. It is not going to change. No matter who thinks it is "Good" it isn't.
3	We went here for our anniversary tonight . I havent ate a red lobster for 10 years because of how gross it was! But we decided it was time again after reentering the real world ( we justed moved back from the bush alaska) . And to tell you it wasnt bad at all. I really enjoyed my dinner and service! And my alcoholic drink actually had alcohol in it
4	Finally found a way to get the girls to a seafood restaurant! Have people give us Red Lobster gift cards!!! Wife and daughter does not like seafood, will the wife doesn't! Daughter just copies her on everything!! I, do like seafood! I'm just not able to ever get a chance to eat any! So we just recently ate here, wife had a steak, I ordered the shrimp jambalaya! You have to realize, I may not be a good person to review seafood! Because, I am not able to eat it enough to know whats good and whats bad! I was just happy to be there! Wife did like her steak, and like their dinner rolls a lot. So when ever someone gives us another gift card, we will be back!
1	I should have just lit $75 on fire then at least I would have enjoyed it better. Had a 20 minute wait even though the place was half full. It was lobster fest so I ordered the seafood feast, EVERYTHING was overcooked. Lobster was like rubber and the crab legs were so overdone the meat wouldn't come out of the shell. Never again Red Lobster never again.
1	We had reservations for 12.  When we got there the table was not ready.  They were not busy, so why wasn't the table ready???.  Took forever for the 2 service people to take our orders.  Took way to long for the food to come to the table.  The one woman was having just a salad nothing to be cooked she got her meal last????  Food was mediocre  hand breaded shrimp came out  with no little crunch to the shrimp.   The thing that shocked me is this is a sea food place and they do not make crab cakes.....  really no crab cakes.  Not going back
1	Horrible! We waited in the lobby full of people for over 20 mins for a table. Normally I don't mind waiting but when I look and see servers shooting the breeze and half the restaurant empty well then it becomes an issue. Finally got a table, the food was horrible and then the bill came. What a rip-off!!! Stay clear of this place!
2	We just moved to Surprise and decided to go here for dinner. The service was terrible. My husband and I were given paper napkins when everyone around us had cloth napkins.  We asked for cloth and they arrived, after several prompts to our waitress at the end of our meal.  We waited forever for our meal and had to ask several times for refills on our drinks.  About 3 weeks after our terrible dining experience, we drove by Red Lobster on our way to Lowes. We saw a delivery guy, with boxes of seafood, waiting outside the back door in over 100 degree heat. He looked like he had been there for awhile. Meanwhile, all that food was spoiling in the heat.After seeing this, we decided that we will NEVER dine at this Red Lobster again. No food poisoning for us, thank you!
2	Been here a couple times, I always get the popcorn shrimp which I LOVE, but this time I was not too happy as the shrimp was not great. It tasted freeze dried as if it had sat open in the freezer for too long. Let the manager know, had to get to work and didnt want to take shrimp with me but she did take it off the bill. Still love the cheesy biscuits!!!
4	Everything was pretty tasty! But I loved our waiter Allan! He was very nice, polite, and attentive. He made the experience wonderful.
1	Food poisoning alert!  My husband and I both had It.  We called to let them know and they expected me to go to the ER and have a doctor's note! They wouldn't even refund our bill and after our gift card it was only $22. I guess it was worth it to them. They said they'd call me back for some unknown reason and never did.
2	My husband and I went to this location for the first time. Our waiter, Jacob, was amazing...very attentive, courteous, great customer service. The food had much to be improved upon. We ordered the trio appetizer with calamari, clam strips and stuffed mushrooms. The calamari and clam strips were extremely small and nothing but breading. the little biscuits that you get with dinner were delicious, but that's about it. We will not be returning, looking for another place with better food
