5	When we can afford a little extra to treat ourselves to a good filet, or tri-tip we used to go to Larry's meats. This place is just as great and lot closer, the fact that they had a free BBQ outside made it even better. Did I say how glad I am this place is so close to home.. just in time for summer. Before long I will be a regular here!
5	WOW, I think I am in meat heaven!So we accidentally found this place when we were having lunch in the same little strip mall and let me tell you, we lucked out today!  My husband and I are carnivores through and through.  I think we could give a T. Rex a run for his money if someone was dangling a ribeye in front of us!When we walked in, it was almost over whelming with all of the beautiful cuts of steak, pork, seafood, deli meats, homemade sausage in numerous flavors, and even specialities items like East Coast Scrapple.  I know I started to drool right away and I noticed my husband's eyes glazed over with pure happiness at the sight of the amazing steaks on display.  We walked in to check it out and left with $50 worth for steak and other treats for the next couple of nights.  SCORE!So this is actually a branch of The Butcher Block on the south end of town.  We used to live out there and would frequent it often for when we wanted something special for dinner or a party.  We missed it living up on the North end and thought we would just have to eat boring supermarket steaks from here on out.  Well our prayers have been answered!  We were speaking with the owner, who was working the counter, and he told us that it was the same place and he would treat us good from here on out.  WooHoo!Yes, the prices are higher here for the items for sale, but the prices are worth it once you try these steaks.  They have so much more flavor, more tender, and just much better than what you can find at the big name stores.  The product here is just fresher and it can't be beat.  And in reality, the prices weren't outrageous.  We got boneless ribeye steaks for $13.99 per lb, their super special BBQ hamburger mix for $4.99 per lb, and Boar's Head smoked turkey breast for $8.99 per lb.  No scrapple for us this time, we weren't brave enough this time.If you want a great steak without having to get gussied up to go to a steakhouse, go check out The Butcher Block for their yummy delights!
5	Definitely the new kid on the block, The Butcher Block has already gained popularity.  There was a line at the counter, but the friendly staff handled the crowd and answered questions to everyone's delight.  Got what I needed, garlic herbed chicken skewers.  If you haven't tried the Wagyu beef, it's a must.  Sirloin heaven, and for those non meat lovers, halibut and salmon steaks, the other white meat, pork.  Ground lamb and cold cuts too!
5	Picked up three NY STrips for Mothers' Day dinner.  It was excellent quality meat and a very reasonable price for such quality.  I'm giving it the full five stars because when I asked the owner if he knows what "city chicken" is, he did, and said "every good butcher should know what city chicken is!"  I heartily agree.  Support your local businesses, and get great quality while you're doing so.  Visit the Butcher Block!
4	Butcher Block was something to go out of the way for in the SW and now we're lucky enough to get location #2. We grabbed some Kurobuta bone- in pork chops for dinner and they were lovely, as expected. I love me some juicy, cooked to pink chops. Keep in mind, this is a butcher shop, not the grocery store. The prices reflect that, but it is fair as the prices reflect also the quality. You can't compare getting cheap manufactured meat to something from a true farm. Just saying, know what to expect before going, as butcher shops aren't the general populations place of shopping and can be surprising when you first go. Truly though, $12.99 a lb for kurobuta pork chops compared to $5 a lb conventional feed lot meats isn't that crazy for me. If this was more common place, supporting good practices wouldn't be as expensive. As for what they carry expect handmade sausages, kurobuta/berkshire pork, US/Australian Waygu, prime steaks, aged steaks, some game meats, a selection of marinaded meats, some seafood including some sushi grade items, and offal products. Most the best sellers are fresh, but odd-itions like sweetbreads are in a freezer. People here are generally friendly. If you want to know about your food, feel free to ask. Good positive, first experience, can't wait to be a regular and will update what items are best as I try new things.
5	We recently moved from the Southwest area to the Centennial area. We were excited to see that we had another Butcher Block in our new neighborhood. We have never been disappointed with the quality of food and service at either location. This past Saturday, my husband stopped in for a beautiful steak and two beef kabobs. He offered my husband grilling time recommendations and they turned out amazing! After dinner we decided that the steak as as good as any we have had at Fleming's or Austin's. We will definitely be back and would highly recommend The Butcher Block!
4	I've been a fan of the butcher block since I started visiting their other location on Rainbow by my old house. I love that they sell Boar's Head lunch meat. That stuff is as good as it gets! Well, at least in terms of lunch meat... I have also had the BBQ burgers, Steak Burgers, Rib Eye steaks and Veal Shanks. All are excellent! It was one of the few places in town I was able to find that sold Veal Shanks for Oso Bucco. I know, I know... Some people don't appreciate eating baby cow, but it was delicious nontheless.
4	Really enjoyed stopping in here and checking the place out. The owner was super friendly and helpful. We discussed making sausage and the wide variety and selection that he had in his display case. I will certainly be back to check out some boneless rib eye as it looked amazing. I will update once I do.
5	I've been going to this place for about a month now and it consistanly great! I believe it is family run, and they know EVERYTHING about the meats in their shop. Service is fast and friendly. Support small biz!!!!
5	I have to say, the ribs here turned out AMAZING!!!!! I asked the butcher how he would make them, he told me put spte over them 350 oven 3 1/2 hours then put them on the grill for a little browning....O M G!!! TO DIE FOR!!!! Melt in your mouth RIBS!!! Simply AMAZING!!!!!! The meat was a really good quality....just great, so we have gotten them 2 more times, and YES they are equally as WONDERFUL!!! I WILL NEVER EVER buy ribs at sams club (did that 2 times before) those made me sick to my stomach and just felt aweful afterwards....THESE we totally NOT like that!! JUST SUPER DUPER AWESOME!!!! next is some rib eyes~ we really like this place and it always seems busy! They have a really good bbq sauce there too...name eludes me...white label....the guys who work there are super nice!!
5	WHERES THE BEEF?!!!   and the chicken...and the seafood...and the pork....the list goes on and on.  When I saw the sign go up initially I was super excited to see what this shop was going to bring.  As most of you know in Vegas butcher shops are few and far between.  Most of us do the grocery shopping thang and wrap it up in one trip.  Here is your reason to make the extra stop....Walking in the place was rather small but there were other customers in there.  There were two guys working-one working the counter and the butcher in the back. They had anything you could think of for meat.  Seriously stuff I have never heard of. The display was set up nicely.  They had several styles of rubs that you could purchase along with different kind sauces.  They did have a small deli section with Boars Head meats and cheeses.  I am a Boars Head snob.  It is simply the best.  Nothing compares to it.  Quality here is key.I looked around and immediately noticed marinated carne asada.  I am a big fan of the carne asada at Cardenas so I was anxious to try their version.  (Cardenas is way out of my way).  Instead of the carne we opted for the chicken asada $5 lb - I thought that was a great price.  The marinade was a spicy version which is always a plus.  I asked if they carried the rub they used and he said it was their special recipe.  I ordered some skewered herb and garlic shrimp that were $4 each, some lobster-crab stuffed mushrooms $1.00 each and bacon wrapped cheese stuffed jalepenos $1.50 each.  They might be high in price for some things but I thought it was pretty reasonable for quality with an educated conversation and recommendation.  The guy at the counter was super helpful and so easy and nice to speak with. I mentioned that his place was just on ROTD from my buddy Rachel B. two days ago and he was pleasantly surprised.  So what it all comes down to is how they turned out cooked.  Right?  Everything was amazing.  The chicken was so delicious with an obvious spicy kick.  The "secret" marinade held onto the chicken giving it a flavorful taste.  The chicken was even great left over. The shrimp was ok-a little on the bland side but needed a little salt.  The jalepenos were ok.  I wasn't sure how to cook them so I'm sure it was my fault.  A lot of the cheese oozed out.  I will definitely ask next time.  The mushrooms the BF loved and they sure looked great. (I didn't have any-not a mushroom girl)There are so many things I want to try here. I will definitely be back this weekend for another potential grillin adventure.  Next time I will spend more time asking questions on how to cook, whats better, and see what he says for recommendations.  I see some good steak in my future!!!! ;)
4	I have been here several times to purchase the high quality meats available in this store. Their display case holds fine quality chice meats but they even have prime in the back. Don't see what you want or want a thicker steak? No problem, they will custom cut whatever you want. We even found lamb liver here, which is a favorite of my husband. Coming from back East, it is so pleasant to have a butcher shop close to my home. Yes, you will pay more than a regular grocery store, but you won't regret it.
5	Fantastic and friendly place. Will come back. First place I've found in Vegas to carry hanger steak.
5	High quality meat, great service, and lots of spices. They carry lots of rubs, wood chips and charcoal for your barbecuing needs! I would recommend this place to everyone!
4	Growing up on the east coast my dad always made us grinders for lunch after church every sunday. I was in search of a place that made one.  So if you dont know what im talking about a grinder is a cold cut sandwhich or what everyone else calls a SUB. I walked into the Butcher Block off Durango the place was empty so i looked around and was amazed at the different types of meats they had displayed.  They asked me what i wanted and I said a grinder... Right off the bat they knew what i was talking about.  I said finally... someone who knew.  He said i got "The Butcher Block" just for you.  It is an ITALIAN SUB, and they only use Boars Head meats which is my favorite.  I didn't have to tell what i wanted on it, but when handed me the package it was heavy. And i also ordered some hard salami.  When I got home it was a thing of beauty it was packed with meat and all the fixings it was like he was in my head.  That first bite brought me back to my childhood and a comfort zone i had forgotten about, this grinder sub whatever you want to call it was the BOMB!!! I am ordering these subs for my next football party and they also have whole hogs so i will be back, thanks guys.
4	It's been very nice having a butcher right down the street from us. Not like we had to drive a long distance before, but this is so much closer. Every time we come here, the service is awesome. The guys in the shop are always very helpful in finding anything you need and the get people in and out very quickly. It's also as clean as you can get a butcher shop. :)We've had quite a few different types of meats here - ChickenRibsSteaksPin wheelsPork ChopsGround Steak burger pattiesBreakfast SausageVenison Sausage  Stuffed PeppersStuffed Mushroomsand more....We like to go to butchers for our meats. I will say, the top three things we've had here are in my opinion -Steak BurgersRibeye Pin WheelsThe steak burgers were amazing - probably the best I've had from a butcher. They're huge, full of flavor and juicy. I guess it depends on how you cook it - which is medium for me!We'll keep going back - and I can't wait to try more different items.Also - the BBQ sauce they sell there is pretty awesome.
3	They are decent, but I find them to be a little overpriced and I expected a bit more quality for the price. I bought some pre-made kabobs one weekend but the chicken was cut so thick the veggies got burnt before the chicken would cook. Tried some BBQ burgers they were good but I think they were overpriced.
4	Ordered the freezer package B. Awesome. They guys working there are great. They said it would take about 2 hours to complete. They were done in an hour. And all the meat was vacuum sealed. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is we haven't tried the meat. But it sure looks great. And good prices.
5	bought a 4 rib prime prime rib yesterday and grilled 2 ribs 5 pounds. put Mrs. o'learyscow rub on it (from amazingribs.com). We grilled it for 3 hours at 225.  It was the best meat i have ever eaten. juicey and melt in your mouth. the best prime rib I've ever had. can't wait to eat the other two ribs
5	We wanted to BBQ since it was such a gorgeous day outside, so I suggested we give The Butcher Block a try since I had seen such good reviews on yelp. I was not disappointed! The Butcher Block is family owned and operated and offeres a wide variety of meats from U.S.D.A. Prime Beef, U.S.D.A. Prime Dry-Aged Beef, Wagyu Kobe Style Beef , Homemade Sausages, just to name some! If you want something on the wild side they offer Gator, Quail, Venison, Elk, Rabbit and plenty of other woodland creatures. Seafood isn't my thing, but they had a good looking variety of stuff including live lobsters and blue crabs. I'm amazed that they had so much to offer for a tiny shop. One thing I noticed was "Jalapeno Bacon" priced at $8.99 each. Compared to what it costs at the grocery store that isn't bad for good quality bacon.After looking over the selection and wanting pretty much everything, we decided on a few different things to try. I wish I could remember the name (I think porterhouse?!) of the 2 steaks we bought, but I can't. I do know both steaks together cost $35.81 and were worth every penny! I picked put a rub priced at $5.99 for the meat and the steaks just grilled up so nicely and the steak melted in my mouth. We also picked out a "Petite Bacon Wrapped Filet" priced at $5, "Mushroom Caps W/Homemade Sausage" priced at $1 each, "Mini Bell Peppers Stuffed W/Homemade Sausage" priced at $1 each, "Bacon Wrapped Stuffed Jalapenos" priced at $1.50 each and some "Hot Italian Sausages" priced at $4.99 per pound. The mushroom caps stuffed with sausage were decent as the peppers stuffed with sausage, but it was the bacon wrapped stuffed jalapenos that were an awesome flavor explosion in my mouth! I was bummed we didn't get more than 4 of them. The sausages were full of flavor, but not too spicy and grilled up perfectly. The petite bacon wrapped filet is the perfect size and price for the smaller appetite. Perfect for spoiled pooches too! I was very pleased with everything and will be stopping here at The Butcher Block more often.You can also stop by to pick up a sandwich for lunch because they have Boar's Head meats and cheeses! What The Butcher Block is currently charging for the meats and cheeses per pound is too much compared to where I get it at a store near my house. I do think the prices for having them make you a sandwich with the Boar's Head meats and cheeses though is reasonable. The man who helped us behind the counter was very helpful and inside the shop was very clean.
5	I would go here just for the atomic horseradish, but they have so much more.  I have no complaints with any of the steaks I've tried and don't miss their house made sausages.  Prices are reasonable for the quality of products they offer.  Their service has always been friendly and when I have said I'm just browsing, they leave me alone so I can browse until I have a question or am ready to purchase.
5	My new favorite place for meat! We came a few weeks ago and I was very pleased with the steaks, rub and sides we got. I stopped back by yesterday and picked up some Hot Italian Sausages. The sausages are made fresh at the shop and grill up nice. I also picked up a package of Boar's Head 3 Pepper Cheese. It didn't have a whole lot if kick to me but it tasted good. The cheese was seperated by paper but did crumble a bit when trying to get a slice. I also picked up some Jalapeno Bacon and it is worth the almost $10 cost. There was no bacon left nor complaints from anybody eating it. I don't think I will be buying bacon from anywhere else but here. The shop offers different steaks, chicken, seafood, sides and Boar's Head meats and cheeses. Right now they are taking orders for Thanksgiving and have several options. The butcher was helpful. If you don't see something you want just ask and the butcher will make it for you or order it.
5	We get our grass fed steaks here.  I love this place. The staff is helpful and friendly. They have some nitrate free hotdogs that are ridiculously good. I love doing business with family run businesses.  You can't go wrong shopping here.
5	I've had some bad experiences with my local butcher shops in the past (in other cities), but this place has won me over. I've been here 3 times now and the guys behind the counter are always super-friendly and helpful. The first time we went in, the guy who rang us up thanked us 3 or 4 times for coming in. On that trip, we bought some incredible rib eye steaks. They were pricey, but they were freshly cut and huge and absolutely delicious. I haven't yet mastered grilling steaks and, even though I obviously over cooked them, they were still moist and tender and juicy and delicious. That says a lot. On our second trip, we got some BBQ burgers and bacon-wrapped stuffed jalapenos. Holy shit, they were just fantastic. The sign said "the best BBQ burgers you've ever eaten" and it was probably right. They were fresh and juicy and flavorful and in no need of anything more than a slight dash of salt and pepper. And the stuffed jalapenos were a great side. The third visit, we actually ordered a turkey for Thanksgiving and we are both so glad that we decided to. It was fresh (not pre-frozen) and it was amazing. On that trip, we also picked up a coupe of freshly-made (nitrate-free) jalapeno-chipotle sausages for our cornbread stuffing and they added just the right amount of fat and flavor. These guys have provided us with the makings of some great dinners and, more importantly, they provided us with the makings of a near-perfect Thanksgiving. It is a bit on the expensive side, but you can definitely taste where those extra few dollars go. And, if they're busy, the "line" can get pretty chaotic, but we've still managed to get out quickly every time. Regardless, we both love this place so far. They'll have to screw-up pretty big to stop us from being loyal customers.
5	I have been working my way thru all they have and have not been disappointed yet. I will admit the place is pricey, but you get what you pay for and then some. One of the best cuts so far was the tomahawk ribeye. Great presentation, and perfect flavor. I recommend with any of the steaks keeping the cooking simple, salt, pepper, and maybe  some herb butter on top while resting. Haven't tried the wild game, or exotic stuff yet but that's next on my list, but have had all grades of steak and the cheaper ( for here) cuts are good, but the pricier ones are definitely worth the extra.
1	Went to order a boneless prime rib and they looked at me like I was crazy. Said they would have to get back to me.  It's been 3 days, no return call.  Went to John Mull's, knew exactly what I wanted.  Also have a problem with an establishment like this selling pumpkin pies that they got free from Station Casinos at Thansksgiving.  Sell for $11.899 to boot.  A little too tacky for me.
2	We found this butcher on Yelp and I tested the butcher's honesty by asking why some of the steaks were darker than the others because he reached for the dark red Kobe instead of the lighter colored one. He said the darker one was older and had more flavor but that is not true!  I found out after going home and researching online.It has to be dry aged in a special cooler in order for the meat to be tasty, and not just growing bacteria.  I was annoyed that they sold us the old ones to get rid of it when they charge extremely high prices.  We won't be coming back and found a great place called Western Meats that is really good and much better prices.
5	Absolutely love the butcher block. Very friendly & always have what we want.  Our favorite and a must try is their blueberry sausage.  Yum!!
5	These guys know their beef!! Never had a better day at the butcher than I have here at The Butcher Block! Their deli sandwiches are DELISH and easy to pick up on the way out to mountains or the lake. Love it here!
5	I absolutely love this place! Customer service is great and the meat is awesome! You have to try the blueberry breakfast sausage! The hand make them there. Soooo good!
5	This place is amazing. They have a really great selection of meats, seafood, poultry, and different rubs/sauces for your sophisticated palette.They also have sandwiches that are to die for. They use boars head meat for all sandwiches and put more meat than your mouth can handle on it. all that for about the same price as a subway sandwich. Check it out for yourself and compare, this place wins hands down.It is also a plus that the guy who owns and operates it is a totally nice guy.
5	Oh shit, this is where Thor would get meat from if he lived in Las Vegas. Selection is great, the staff are very helpful, and the prices are competitive. This store truly is the butcher for the gods.
2	I'm not rating the product, only the customer service level of the older gentleman (owner/worker) not sure of their status. I took my daughter since she wanted to see what they carried, since I boosted about this market. We were both very impressed and decided that this is where we will start purchasing most of our meats. However, the only thing that they do not carry, that my daughter loves are turkey chops. That will not be a problem. We didn't really make a purchase other than some cheese, that looked wonderful and I just had to try it. A little over $3 and I used my debit card. This gentleman with no personality, took my card that I handed to him. (Key words: " I handed ). Rang my total and place my card on the counter. (Dear Lord, that makes my blood boil, hair stand on the back of my neck, eyes bleed). You know what I'm talking about. Placed my receipt on the counter for my signature. Took the receipt, no eye contact, placed in the drawer and never said "thank you" "come again" "hit the road"...nothing! I am going to try them again. I can assure you when it comes to customer service, "3 strikes, you're out", does not apply here. They will get one more chance. What's more annoying is that I have told several people about this market and each person has gone, made a purchase and loves the product. Maybe they should keep personality-less in the back and not have customer contact.
5	Great steaks! You definitely get what you pay for here. Stopped In After  work and they are conveniently open til 7 pm. No line and great service. He made some awesome suggestions and they have pre cooked shrimp skewers seasoned and ready to just crisp on the grill. Wagyu Kobe steaks were amazing and definitely set a high bar for quality of meat. A lot better than Larry's western meats if you ask me and the hours make it easy to stop at on your way home. They gained a new loyal customer for sure. Can't wait to try try the rest!
4	A real butcher shop. Lots of great selections of meats. They also carry seafood, pork, chicken, and other varieties of meats.  Everything always seems fresh to me. I have tried the steaks, chicken, and shrimp skewers. They also carry a variety of spices and marinating sauces. Some meats can be pricey but u get what u pay for. Never had a bad meal from here.
4	Very clean , excellent customer service. I bought a free range chicken and chicken breasts . Chicken breasts were very fresh and delicious. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is it is a bit expensive.
2	The food here is really good. Buuuuut. When I call to place an order for 6lb of bratwurst and they tell me not to worry about it their making plenty for the 4th of July. The last thing I expect is to walk in and their out of them. THATS WHY I WANTED TO PLACE AN ORDER!!!!
5	High quality meat and the prices are reasonable.  I love buying ribs and steak there for special occasions.  They have a huge selection of fresh and frozen meats.  I love shopping here, but always spend more than I want;  I can't stop buying food that looks great!
5	Good selection of cuts, and the hard to find. Glad to have a place to pick up foie gras
5	It has everything that I've been looking for from frog legs, lambs liver and many other exotic meats and wild game, really friendly personable staff, no more John malls or Larry Great Western meats. Get it the way you want it. Best butcher shop in town.
5	Went in for some grass feed steaks. They had some new yorks in the back and cut them up for me. Went home grilled them and they were delicious. They were very kind and willing to help me out! I will be coming back soon!
5	WOW! So awesome to have a butcher shop right by the house. I've never been to one and this place is pretty amazing. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful and the meats are really fresh. I purchases some marinated meat and it's became one of our fave BBQ dish. I recently bought a prime rib and rub for Christmas so we will be trying that soon!
