4	Brixx has different and unique pizzas.  Not your normal fair, though you can get that too.  It is not all about pizza either.  Their humus is exceptional.Probably the best part is that their pizza is the right size for one person.  Not too much... not too little.
4	Great neighborhood pizza and more place.  Family atmosphere early, sports on TV, great selection of beer on tap and specialty pizzas.
4	Pizza is really good here but also, they have an amazing pasta dish (roasted chicken penne with gorgonzola cream sauce). Very large beer selection. This location is good for families. Great service.
4	Good food, good service! I love their cajun penne pasta dish. And my daughter loves going here for their Shirley Temple's drink. They also have a full bar and big screen tvs for you to watch sports and the news while you're there. Its in a super friendly area and great for family night out or for late night socializing.
4	Brixx never disappoints! I love the mozzarella sandwich but have them exchange the french bread for foccacia. Mmm! The last time I went the hostess was not the friendliest but our server was excellent!
4	Brixx was our first place that we visited for lunch when on a recent trip to North Carolina. The prices are good especially for the amount of food you get. The service was excellent and I really enjoyed the beer sampler as well! The server recommended different beers from the area and even though he wasn't very knowledgeable on where each one was from, it was good enough to pick a good selection.I got the caprese sandwich and it was tasty and filling. It was a great first stop on our trip.
1	Extraordinarily inconsistent. Ordered three pizzas to go this week. Two literally had four inches between the edge of the pizzas and where the toppings started. Paid $10 a piece for a crust!Sent a note to the manager through Brixx's website...  Several days later, still no response. Save your money.
4	I was craving some pizza lately, and when a friend mentioned this place for dinner I pretty much immediately agreed. The place is kind of hard to spot, it's tucked away in the middle of the square in the shopping center. But once you get there it's an awesome place to hang out at! We were seated promptly when we entered even though it seemed to be a busy night for them.My date wasn't especially hungry so he asked to order the spinach artichoke dip appetizer and a bowl of baked potato soup as his entree. This thing was humongous, If all the appetizers are this big I have no idea how many people end up having to take their entrees home, or maybe they're meant to be shared for bigger groups. I opted for their special that night which was a pesto, roasted shallot, sun dried tomato with mozzarella and basil pizza. It was a good sized portion for a personal pizza, however I was kind of disappointed when I found out that even though the pizza was a thin crust it wasn't very crispy.Our server was very friendly and on top of water refills which I always appreciate. She was also happy to give my date an extra order of spinach artichoke dip and crustini to take home when she noticed that he had finished all of it, talk about A+ service!Next time I will probably try the various pastas they have, since that seems to get more attention than the pizzas in the reviews I've seen so far, since my meal wasn't super memorable but their service is outstanding!
3	Brixx is okay.  But, I would not say that their pizza is worth the hype people give it.  IMHO, I do not find Brixx to be serving the best wood fired pizza that I have ever had as the crust is too much like a cracker and the toppings usually disappoint in quality. Anyway, on this visit I went with a sandwich. Atmosphere - Late 80's early 90's feel (mostly w/ the signage), located in an older strip-mall area, nice patioFood - I had their roast beef sandwich. It was tasty. I liked the focaccia bread Brixx uses and the gorgonzola cheese w/mixed greens and tomatoes was great as opposed to the normal iceberg lettuce other places give you. Service - It was decent but nothing spectacular. Sitting in the patio area on a nice afternoon added more to the experience than anything else. Price - $7.95 for the sandwich and chips. Overall - I have been to three different Brixx locations in my many years in the CLT and I must say...at least they are consistent.
4	Love the half price wine night! Goes well with the BBQ chicken pizza.
2	A client took me here today for a quick lunch.  He told me you have to try the wraps so I ordered a pizza lol.  I figure thats what they have plastered all over so it should be good.   The pizza was just oaky.  I think I can make a better pizza at home with buying some dough.  Homemade pizza is what it reminded me of.  If you want decent pizza try NY pizza on south  The wraps did look good though.  I should have listened, but im stubborn.
2	Ok, maybe 2 1/2 stars max. The place has a familiar feeling even on the first visit, comfy enough. Drinks ain't bad but the pizza is a major let down. This "California pizza wanna be" is cheaper and the pizza comes out much faster ... but it doesn't rank. First off the selection is limited, it looks like half of the choices are chicken this and chicken that. Sorry not interested. Then it gets worse, IMHO the whole point of brick ovens is to get the dough crispy without overcooking the toppings. No joy here either. Both pizzas were undercooked leaving the crust doughy and spongy. The mushroom pizza was so undercooked that cheese shavings never melted. The tomato-basil was better but still undercooked. To make things worse the waiter didn't seem to like unhappy costumers, he offered to get us the bill while we were still eating and I hadn't even finished my Martini. Fail
2	We have been going to the Brixx Pizza on Fairview for years and have always been pleased however this past weekend we went there and had an unpleasant experience. We had to wait over an hour for a table. When we were seated we were told there was no silverware and we had to go up to the hostess stand for children's menus. We ordered 2 appetizers, hummus and the spinach and artichoke dip (our favorite). Both appetizers were very cold and the dip was 1/2 the portion they usually serve. At this time we still had no silverware. Waitress told us it was a hot commodity. We ordered 3 Brixx salads. The salads were very overdressed there was no goat cheese on the salads and the server did not offer fresh cracked pepper. We also ordered the Rustica pizza and I specifically asked for them to add Goat Cheese. The  pizza had no goat cheese and no prosciutto. The crust was also soggy. Definitely did not taste or look like a brick oven pizza. I sent an email to the management but never received a response. I guess the loss of one customer and her family doesn't mean much to them.
5	Love Brixx... we go late and take advantage of the BOGO pizza special... pineapple and pepperoni is where it is at. Good drink specials, super cold beer (and a good selection!) and the service is good. Great spot to chill and eat. The rest of the menu is lacking so if you dont want pizza you are kinda SOL... would like a few more app choices but still love the place.
4	All of the pizzas here are personal pizzas.  You can catch some good deals here at Brixx.  On Mondays you can enjoy all American craft brews for $1.95.  This is a good deal especially if they have the more expensive craft beers on tap like Stone or Rogue.  Some of the Brixx in town offers half price pizzas and apps after after 10:00 but I am not sure what the half-price status of this one is.  The one on Rea Rd definitely has the half price after 10 deal.  The pizzas are pretty good.  The thing you need to know is you can customize your pizza for no charge.  I like to get the wild mushroom pizza add red sauce, pepperoni, and pineapple; hold the arugula.  I try not to "over-do" it because I do not want them to stop not charging for toppings.  The Brixx salad is also a great addition to your meal, a light spring mix with pistachios and goat cheese.  If you decide to get the spinach and artichoke dip, I recommend getting the warm pita triangles instead of the croutons.  They just taste better.
2	I'd heard a few recommendations to try the pizza here. I was thoroughly disappointed. The only reason I give it 2 stars instead of 1 is that they offer some options you don't find at every pizza place. With that said, I didn't really like the pizza.
1	We are new to the area and I took my family there for a Saturday night dinner.  We arrived after the main dinner crowd was leaving.  I had eaten at a Brixx for lunch in Gastonia about a month earlier and had a good experience.  The Foxcroft space was nice, but it was a little on the dirty and worn looking side.  The side Caesar salad for $3.25 was terrible and it came the same time as the pizza.  I think a gas station cooler could have served up a better salad.  We ordered 3 pizzas. The BBQ, Veggie, and Meatball.  The BBQ was slightly tasty but the others were bland and flavorless.  The service was equally as bad.  Long stretches where you could not even flag someone to help you.  Another waiter helped for a while during the middle of the meal and we thought our female server (J) had gone home, but she finally reappeared at check time.  We had to wait for drink refills and the check an excessive amount of time.  So close to home we can walk, but we will opt to get in the car and drive somewhere else.
3	Went here for lunch yesterday and wasn't really that thrilled but I have been a handful of other times where I have been a bit more impressed so I landed in the middle for my rating.The good:  The hummus, their pizzas are decent if you like thin crust and mostly cheese and I like that they will split two different kinds on one personal pizza.  There is one grilled chicken wrap that is pretty good and their side items are decent....I like the fresh fruit bowl and the corn and black bean salad is a good side option as well.The bad:  Most of their salads leave MUCH to be desired and if you add chicken just go ahead and plan on gnawing on it for a good 5 minutes before it's safe to swallow.  Also, the pesto chicken salad wrap is mostly wrap so that was no good.The reality:  It is what it is.  It is a semi-affordable lunch spot but I think the Blakeney location is better than Fairview for some reason.  Some things are fresh and done well and other things are just not quite up to par.  I don't seek out going to Brixx but sometimes it is conveniently located and a better option than its neighboring fast food joints.
4	I first went here with some buddies of mine a few months back. My first impression walking in was reluctance. There were what seemed like a million little leaguers running around screaming and a hostess who continually forgot the name of our party of 4 people. But things got better. We were seated outside, which is surprisingly quieter than the dining room that night. We ordered a couple of pizzas to share and they were delicious. It was a group of fellas so needless to say the pizzas that we ordered were the ones covered in different meats. But they were really tasty and well-prepared. They also had some good beer options, which perfectly complimented the pizza. The other few times I've been there I've sat outside. Why mess with a good thing, right? Each time the service has been pretty good. No complaints from me. It's a simple formula really. Good food, good beer, good service and good prices. What's not to like? I definitely see myself coming back here for more.
5	Never disappoints. Zucchini appetizer is amazing. Great service!
5	Maybe 4 1/2 stars. Really, the five stars is for what really matters, my pizza. I haven't found any good pizza in Charlotte. This place fills the void.I got the spicy shrimp pizza. It's a weirder one. Well, only weird if you aren't adventurous. If you are adventurous, it is so delicious. We went in during a very quiet "lunch" hour. It was around 4pm on a friday. Not the most encouraging thing walking into an almost empty place, but I had heard from a first generation Italian that this is the only place in town he will eat pizza at. That's encouraging enough for me.Back to the spicy shrimp pizza. Shrimp, sriracha tomato sauce, red bell pepper, goat cheese, and basil. It is the best gourmet pizza I have ever had. I scarfed it down, and was surprisingly full after only three slices of this personal sized pizza. I asked for a little extra sriracha and they definitely delivered on that one. It was quite hot.The crust was perfect, nice and chewy. The shrimp was plump and not some bay shrimp bull shit. And they were fairly generous with it. One slice even had 3 shrimps on it! I let my significant other have that slice because I know what real love is about. Our server grated parmesan fresh, table side. I am pretty bummed I have to start a diet tomorrow because it's been 12 hours since I had this pizza and I am still thinking about it. I am really going to try not to show up tomorrow. (If you don't like spicy try the pear and gorgonzola pizza! Divine. My other half likes the Bronx Bomber better because it "at least has meat." Avoid the meatball pizza, it was dry and just wrong.)The place looks a bit 80's and they were playing 80's music. I was kind of turned off by that at first but once I got my pizza I felt like an Olsen on Full House and that for some reason completed me in that moment of time. Anyway, the booths have this quintessentially early 90's pattern to them that reminded me of my childhood and trying to look cute at the roller rink. The lemonade sucked. Total sugar water. Man, they should do some muddled strawberries or something with some oomph to their non alcoholic beverages. Get the check average up. I certainly would have paid for each drink had I got a quality lemonade or something a bit more interesting. I don't know why but I just assumed this place would have cool lemonades. My wild imagination.Back to this place being empty, I believe it gets busy during nights for sure. And for that reason I think I rather go during quieter hours. As with all restaurants, the more time the cooks/chefs/young pizza guys have to make your food, the better it is going to be.
5	I can't even deny it. I love this place. I've ordered salads, pizzas, pastas and the s'mores desert and have always been satisfied. (Yes, I've been there that many times in the past few months! lol)And I have to mention that their later kitchen hours works so well with my schedule. It's a great option when you're getting home late and not wanting to cook. Their kitchen serves until 1AM!The Greek pizza with chicken is awesome! Definitely give it a try!
1	Pizza was good , but tiramisu was horrible  , me and my Roomie had food poisoning today .
1	(edited to tone it down)Pros:- Pizza is great- Beer specials on Mondays are awesome.Con:- The restaurant can be a playground for screaming children. I'm just trying to eat, have a beer, talk, and watch the game. I don't want to deal with a bunch of screaming kids running all over the place and fighting over the arcade game in the corner. Even the great beer specials on Mondays are not worth listening to that. It must be noted that there is only so much the management can do about other peoples' children. Their parents should manage the volume - but I think some just become habituated to it.Maybe it's not like that every night. But we have noticed it twice.If you eat here, just ask to be seated in the corner farthest from the arcade game, unless you enjoy the sound of shrieking children after working all day.Obviously, if you have kids, they're a family-friendly restaurant.
1	I don't understand why there is always a crowd. The whole wheat pizza crust was soggy and tasteless. The gluten free pizza, well, don't even bother to order it.   The only bright spot was my son's grilled chicken sandwich. We won't be going back any time soon.
4	I lived in the Charlotte area again from 2010 to early 2013, and my wife and I ate at this Brixx location on several occasions. I love a good wood-fired pizza, and Brixx doesn't disappoint. Not a big beer drinker, so can't comment on that, but the pizza is great. I have also eaten at the one in Dilworth. Different vibe, but same great food. Now that I am back in Colorado, my best wood-fired pizza is A-Town in Aurora (which is great), but it lacks the ambiance of Brixx.
1	Many reasons why this has 1 star. Pick up the pizza and it's already cold. Thinking there was enough for 2 or 3 people when I ask for a large, the lack of info of telling me that all pizzas are 10 inches would have been nice to know when you get a piece of pizza that is not geometrically big enough to cut it into 8 pieces, much less it tasted like shit and the "wood" fired grill must not have been working, so I guess they used a microwave with a heating lamp. This may be my 2nd review ever, but this place is a damn joke. Gives pizza a bad name. Figure it out business owner
5	Excellent food and fun atmosphere! I have had the Bronx Bomber pizza, the Chicken Florentine pizza and some of my wife's salad and all were amazing. They have decent beer options too. I definitely plan to become a regular.
3	I wasn't pleased. I was expecting more from this merchant. The pizza was slightly warm, not hot. But it was somewhat tasty, not great. I then looked up the calorie/fat content of the Bronx Pizza I ordered and was shocked to find out it had a whopping 1480 calories and 88 grams of fat. Looks like they are not into health. But the main reason I rated them only 3 stars was because the pizza was only warm served, not hot.
4	I've been to Brixx a couple times but didn't realize they had vegan options, and I didn't know their doughs were vegan. I ordered the vegetable pizza with the vegan cheese and it was good. Crust was light and crispy and the veggies weren't overdone. It's a nice atmosphere; casual like you'd think a pizza place would be. I'll return.
1	Im hate to be the bad guy! But this was the worst pizza and salad ive tried. How can you mess up a salad? Nothing had flavor. The chicken on the salad tasted like bolied chicken noo flavor at all. The pizzas where almost raw. Super white at the bottom and very soggy. Sauce had no flavor. Only thing i liked was the blue moon i had! The people that seat you down didn't even greet us when we walked in, they just looked at us and we had to ask if we seat ourselves or what. How ever our server was great.  First and last time at this place.
5	My wife and I ate here on November 30th. 1st time at this location near Southpark. I got the veggie pizza with arugula. FANTASTIC. Service was great and the manager even came to our table several time. I also love their crust. Had to finish up with the Tiramisu. Also great. We'll definitely be coming back.
1	D-
