4	There is something to be said for this location. I've tried other Roberto's in the Valley but always like coming back to this one on Durango and DI. What more could you ask for as it's cheap, filling and tastes great. I always get the Carne Asada nachos minus the beans (I don't care for the beans). Mucho pico de gallo as well. Can't go wrong.
2	Ok, so growing up in san diego I remember the original real robertos.  This now chain quenches my taste buds for a bit till I can get back to san diego to have better taco shop food.  Most robertos here are still good, but thisone, well thisone plain sucks.  Cant tell why, the meat is always tough, burritos are smaller, food is burnt.  This is the only robertos in town I would not go to.  Dirty also...
2	I'm not a huge fan of Roberto's but there are TWO meals that I recommend:3 Rolled tacos- beef- w/guacamole & CARNE ASADA FRIES (minus the beans) from this location ONLY! So far they are the only ones I found who serve crinkly fries- which are my fave!
4	This isn't my usual Roberto's location, but they nailed it tonight.  The refried beans were smooth, the cheese enchilada had perfectly melted cheese, and the guacamole had delicious chunks of raw onion in it.  I might have to check this location out again to see if they can keep it up!
3	Burritos got smaller, flood still flavorful, but the attitudes of the servers aren't positive and enthusiastic as they use to be. I dont think I'll be eating here again for a while.
1	Roberto's isn't really my choice place when going for Mexican. The food is decent so it always passes when in need. Two big complaints for this location. I've heard of refilling horchata at a charge but $1 to refill a medium sized Pepsi cup? Better off ordering a soda.To add insult to injury, they charge $1.25 to use your card. Be sure to bring cash. Didn't know merchant services were charging restaurants a flat fee to process credit cards. It's always been a small fee plus the percentage. Is my money not good?I don't appreciate them making profit to take my money. Won't be coming here especially if I don't have cash with me.
1	This is the worst Roberto's I've been to. Terrible customer service!! They charge way to much to use my debit card!! C'mon 1.25 that's ridiculous I've heard of .50 then .95 cents extra for everything cheese,bacon on a breakfast burrito C'mon seriously that ridiculous!! Then forget asking questions,they couldn't answer it, looked at us like a deer in headlights and walked away to grab someone else that still couldn't understand and spoke good English just decided to ignore the question. The food portions are ridiculously small for what I paid. 4.00 for a breakfast burrito 3.90 for a carniasada burrito ended up totaled to 15. After all the dam fees!! Every other Roberto's I've been to I couldn't finish my meal it was so big these are like kids burritos! F this location
4	Kind of expensive for what it is, however pretty good Mexican food none the less.  I have yet to try the cult favorite Carne asada fries, I'm really looking forward to it though. 3.7 stars
4	I am always a fan of Roberto's. They are consistant across the board. This one is located next to a bar so once in a while I will see the bouncers for the bar inside, eating. The staff are friendly and always make large portions.
4	Great rolled tacos and machaca burrito. But, the smell of pine sol was too strong. Wished there would haven been outdoor seating.
1	This is the worst Roberto's in town
1	Second worst Roberto's Taco Shop in town.I wasn't even able to order because they don't accept credit cards. On top of that the locations is very hidden and the inside is very dirty looking and small. The staff was just unsure of what to do being that I had already ordered. They charge a crazy fee for debit card transactions. Stay away...
3	It's Roberto's! What's there to complain about?! Not necessarily what I call "Mexican food"  but close enough. Beats Taco  Bell?!! ha ha! When visiting a Robertos its usually because either A. I'm hungover or B. huge craving for Carne Asada nachos. Nobody gets down on Carne Asada Nachos like Bertos! This location is close to work so I am seen here occasionally on a Monday or Friday during lunch. The cooks are friendly and nice and usually on top of their game. The establishment is somewhat clean, but can make some improvements. Floors are kinda dirty, tables are not always clean and their salsa bar is more often than not out/low on my favorite green salsa. Also, because I'm Mexican, i love to fill up the plastic sandwich bag with cucumbers and squeeze in a few limes.....well, their cucumbers are usually yellowish in color and not looking all that great! :-( Gave up on the idea that I will ever get these at this location.
1	How can you screw up a breakfast burrito...the eggs were dry and way too much bacon.
4	Figured this place could use a recent review as the last were almost a year ago. I have only been to Roberto's a few times and this was my first time visiting this particular one. We just moved in not too far away and decided to stop in on the way home from a night out. This is definitely not the most glamorous place but the guy at the register was kind and outgoing and I liked that you can see into the kitchen and watch everything that goes on. It was after 1am I believe and its one of the better non-fast food options. The breakfast burrito was huge (I actually wish they had a smaller option) and a bit heavy for a late night meal... however it was very tasty. I'm sure I'll be back now that it is so close. I always see a bunch of people there when I drive by so this location must do fairly well despite the negative reviews. Hopefully my experiences stay positive moving forward!
4	MMMM Robertos! I love Mexican food! Like so much that if I had to choose one type of food to eat for the rest of my life it would be Mexican! Roberto's does the trick, it's not the best in town, in my opinion but for a 24 hr joint, they rock out the goods in fast and friendly manor. I love to practice my Spanglish here, I feel less judged anyhow, the enchilada was probably my least favorite thing I order.
2	Very small doesn't look to clean . And food doesn't taste the same as other ones . I was very happy at first to see that I have it next to my house . But I went there few times and I never go there anymore
1	I'm not one to complain about food & have never had a problem with this location till recently. Not only did they skimp out on the quantity of the food but, the quality as well. I don't think I will be returning to this location no matter how convenient it is.Not to mention their burritos at this location is like 1/2 or 1/3 the size of all the other locations that I've visited. I don't think I've ever been this dissatisfied with any Roberto's Taco Shop location!
2	I am not sure why this place is so popular. Not the location per se, just the chain in general. Cheap, greasy, Mexican fast food is their specialty. The food is just ok. This visit we got the Carne asada nachos, (side note: always get the pico, sour cream, and guacamole on the side, so if you don't finish right away, the nachos don't get soggy in the fridge) a cheese quesadilla, and 4 chicken tacos. On Wednesdays the chicken tacos are $1, and they are tasty and filling. The nachos were pretty bland. Matter of fact all the meats are flavorless. I'm pretty sure they don't put any seasoning on anything. I  always doctor my food up with lots of lime, s&p, and green salsa, then it tastes better. The quesadilla was swimming in grease, so it was extremely unappetizing. I'm sure I'll eat at Robertos again, but probably not this location.
1	Bad service & location
