5	While other stores in this business park make it akin to a scavenger hunt when trying to find employees to help you. Not here. We walked in, were instantly greeted by a staff member asking if we needed help with anything. He lead us right to the section I was looking for and helped answer some questions. On our way from the back corner to the front of the building, we had no less than 5 additional offers for assistance from staff. Some even stopped mid-sentence in a conversation with co-workers to make sure the customers were offered any needed help.
3	Now Yall Know...I dislike rude people see some people have bad days when I come to visit I swear. But I'm gonna do this review as if the young lady at the checkout has common sense. Everyone gets a 2nd chance with me. (So I will go back and review this store again.) The store is over all cool. Its tons of employees around to help ya. And you can get what you like and go quickly. I went in for a headset & a Duracell Batt that will charge up my cell phone for 8 hours when I travel. One...thing I hate is to be in a airport seeking a socket to charge my phone or tablet with. So off to OD I went to get these items.  I was happy with the Duracell because it come in colors and I Picked out the purple one. The head set was cool so I bought it. I like my headset hands free but to sit on my head kind a like what they wear at Mcdonalds if that gives u a great mental picture. I will return to this location soon. Let us pray I don't have to see that young lady who checked me out with the very unholey attitude.
2	Last Sunday I purchased an office chair from Office Depot.  I should have known when their employee asked if I wanted the floor model that there would be an issue.  The lady at the front counter was nice, but not knowledgeable about her brand at all.  She told me it was between $15 and $25 for Office Depot to assemble the chair.  The cost was $8.  I was told it would be ready in an hour.  Many of their employees were walking around doing nothing.  One hour later I arrived to find that my chair was not ready. The employee said he would work on it.  When I arrived at the counter, the supervisor lied to me telling me the name of a female employee who was putting the arms on my chair. 20 minutes later, the same young man who said he would check on my chair, wheeled it to the front counter.  If it wasn't for his efforts, I would give Office Depot one star.  I gave them a second chance from the rude girl they had there 2 years and they blew it!  I can't trust them.
