5	1st class today.  Kick ass!!  Absolutely love it!!  Great workout.  Great people.  This could easily become my newest addiction!  Can't wait for tomorrow's class.
2	Enjoy boxing? Not only watching but for personal experience? Yea, I do too so I've decided to check out L.A. Boxing to better my skills and stay Sharp with sparring but didn't get the experience I was looking for unfortunately.First off, the workout training is fun, exciting, but intense! The type of workouts I enjoy. We did everything from leg kicks, elbow blows, actual boxing with gloves, and other MMA style training with the punching bag. This intense workout lasted for about 1hr and 15 minutes so prepare to sweat. The thing I didn't like is that when I asked the front desk guy when can I get into the ring to spar he replied by saying you're not ready and won't be til I think you are!... Umm, I have 8 yrs of boxing experience and if I'm going to pay $59 a month I can hop into the ring and spar anytime I feel like it sir.Overall, the location is good but the facility is very small. The pricing for membership and to get started is pretty expensive. The weight training area is extremely small and the equipment is limited. $59 a month isn't that bad but its almost $200 a person to get started. Personally, Gold's Gym is by far better and cheaper.
5	I love this place...If you're looking to get in shape quick, LA Boxing is for you. If you feel like you'd like to join, but are embarrassed, intimidated, or just afraid because you're inexperienced, out of shape, or getting up there in years, please don't let that stop you. There are all types of people, all fitness levels, all ages, and both genders. I tell my friends all the time that there's no judgment there between people working out because we are all getting our butts kicked equally. I'm not going to lie, the workouts are intense, but they are fun. The atmosphere is great. The instructors are friendly and helpful. It's affordable on a tight budget. I've been a member for 3 months and have noticed quite a change in my mental and physical well-being. What are you waiting for? You can try a class for free, so you're not risking anything. It's the best decision I've made in a long time.
1	AVOID!!! A year ago I discovered I love kickboxing. I joined LA Boxing. I paid for a full year membership in advance. It was the cheaper deal and I was told it would not do an automatic rollover into a month to month. When my membership expired I would have the option to renew for a year or switch to month to month.This past summer I stopped going because LA Boxing just happens to be enough of a drive that getting there, working out and getting home was taking up close to 3 hours out of my day. I simply don't have time. I also became annoyed that they let people bring their kids in to run around while we're working out. It is annoying (I have kids but I wouldn't take them to the gym while people are trying to work out) and it is dangerous. Kids were often in the way or at risk of getting kicked or stepped on.  I bought my own bag and started working out in my garage. I knew I was losing out on the rest of my membership but that is MY problem as i signed saying I was paying for a full year. I had to eat that cost. I totally get that.Fast forward to this month. I started getting emails from LA Boxing stating that the card they are trying to charge is not working. I'm like WTF? Why are they trying to charge me anything?? The card they were trying to charge no longer exists as it was stolen in the summer and we were issued new cards. Anyway, I sent an email asking why I was being charged. Over the week I received several more emails stating they were still trying to charge my card. I responded to each stating that I do NOT owe them anything.I finally got a call from the manager at North Vegas LA Boxing stating that it was their mistake. I do not owe them and not to worry about it. Then he gave me a spiel on a deal he could give me if I wanted to stay with them. I don't. I thought it was over. So this morning I get a call from a debt collection company!!! The woman informs me that I owe the gym for my monthly membership and that the card they are charging doesn't work. Ok, by this point I'm livid. I was told they would not automatically roll me over into a month to month membership but they did. I'm not being charged $54 for something I do NOT want. And I now have debt collectors calling me. This means my credit will be affected. My husband has a job that requires a special government clearance and issues like this can affect that clearance. So, this issue is completely affecting our lives. All because LA Boxing LIED to me when I signed up. I just got off the phone with one of the guys there and he was clueless and said I'd have to wait for the manager to get in so they could sort it out. What is there to sort out? I don't want the membership. I paid in FULL for a year and that year is over. So STOP trying to charge me!!  I read other reviews about how difficult it is to get out from under them. So, now my husband is on the phone with our lawyer to see what we can do since this stupid issue can greatly affect his job. Do not get sucked in. They are like used car salesmen. They will say anything to get you to sign that contract.UPDATE: This issue was completely resolved. I was told I was put on the wrong list. Apparently they have a list for those who get automatically rolled over to a monthly account and then those whose memberships are supposed to just end when their year is up. I was on the wrong list. I was assured that they were not trying pull one over on me and it was not shoddy business practices, but simply a misunderstanding. *shrug* I'm glad it is resolved but I wish I had never been sent to collections. And while the local staff was friendly enough, I still won't return. I'd rather work out in my own home.
4	This gym has become a quick FAVE of mine. I use to venture more often to UFC Gym off Blue Diamond, but this gym is better in my opinion. Although it's smaller, I LOVE the trainers. They all provide me with an intense workout that allows me to sweat uncontrollably and see results. If you like boxing while getting somewhat of a cross-fit component incorporated into your workout, this is the gym for you. All of the trainers provide a great cardio workout!While other reviews have addressed management in a negative light, I believe now that they are officially a UFC GYM and have new management, the issues that occurred in the past will not be repeated in the future. Gabe is a wonderful GM and I like that he takes the time to get to know the members. So again, I have nothing bad to say about this gym. It's smaller, but they have all the necessary equipment to still get results. Trainers = EXCELLENT(New) Management = GREATOverall Gym = GOODClasses = GREAT
5	LA Boxing has changed to UFC Gym, but it still has the same instructors and it's still the best place to work out in town.
