1	I have never written a review but I think the service i received from Daddy's demands one. I am staying in Vegas for a couple of weeks and a friend of mine told me that Daddy's is a great pizza place but i couldn't find a menu online. Luckily the next day i found a menu that someone had slipped under the door. This is the worst pizza place ever. I ordered a medium Hawaiian pizza, some wings and a shake. They said it would take 45 minutes to an hour. They were very late. The didn't give me a straw for my shake and the pizza wasn't hot. It wasn't even warm!!! It was cold and it was VERY bland. The only good thing about this order was the wings. I tried calling them back but they kept answering the phone and then not saying anything. I definitely will not ever order from them again no matter how late it is or how hungry I am. It's not worth it at all!
5	This joint has obviously changed ownership or direction since that last review.While they still sell pizza, their new focus seems to be on healthy, organic and vegetarian food. Which makes sense, because they're located in the heart of stripper row -- right across the street from Cheetahs, in fact. Naked chicks need to watch their figures, ya know? Which is why I tried 'em out!I have been here twice and the food is AWESOME! Fresh, lots of veggies, and delicious. They deliver, or you can come down and order take-out...which IMO is the most fun, since their semi-dingy little shop is strangely homey, and always seems to have Bulgarian TV blaring (it's a Bulgarian-owned enterprise).But the best thing about it is: they are open until 2am -- and 4am on weekends!! No more nasty-ass Carl's Jr or Del Taco after those late nights out... now (FINALLY) we have a healthy option! HUZZAH!!!!!!The menu includes their "famous" brown rice (YUM!), "famous" organic quinoa (YUM!), and a HUGE selection of salads, wraps, pizzas, crepes and pitas. They also have a full line of smoothies and juices. Everything is fresh and healthy...and it's about freaking time!This place ROCKS!!!
1	So I'm looking at my rating distribution, and I realize that I tend to review spots that I love. Reward good behavior, compliment super service, cheer on tasty fixin's. But really, yelp is also for the opposite, too. Warn others of horrible experiences, bland food, shockingly rude employees...Which leads me to Big Daddy's. Also I think it used to be just Daddy's Pizza, and I guess he felt like he needed to be a little more healthy, and then became *Big* Daddy. I dunno. Morale of the story is that I'm skipping right over the 2 star, straight to "Eek! Methinks not."Here's the scene. Board game night with some healthy-eating type friends. I remember this menu that looked very tasty, so I presented it, feeling super good about myself for knowing about such responsible delivery options.  Skip to, over an hour late (maybe 10:30pm), our food arriving. Fine, tip the guy a little, and move on.  Two out of our four items were completely wrong, despite the ticket being written correctly. So we call immediately to ask for a refund or a credit or something, and they say they can't, they can only send more food ---- everyone is already going home, we're not about to wait til midnight for a turkey burger quesadilla. They tell us the manager will call when she gets in the next day at 10am. For the record, the two items that were right were so cold and bland... from being 110 minutes in the making I guess...Next day: Manager doesn't call - we finally have to track her down. She said she would send a driver with the card machine which is the only way they can refund. Things seemed fine... for 10 minutes until she called back...*Demanding* to know that we still had the food, and that we'd be returning the food to her. (we didn't. it wasn't right, it wasn't tasty, not even worth the fridge space. plus who has ever had to return delivery food??)   She was appalled that we would expect a refund for something we couldn't return --- the only way she could ever explain this to her manager was to take it out of one of her employees salary --- etc. *yelling* (we were only asking for a refund for two of the four items --- thought we were being very reasonable... )Finally said fine. she'd send the driver "right over." Driver never showed up..... unless it was the person ringing our doorbell in the middle of the night for 10 minutes. But I don't answer doorbells in the middle of the night, so I don't know.Order at your own risk. Can't imagine $20 is worth not having one star reviews out there, but that's their call I guess. Their food, with decent service, would have gotten 2 stars from me.
1	Quite possibly the worst pizza in the world!
4	THey have standard "Pizzaria" food and I have no idea what that is like. I like the natural menu. I tried quinoa for the first time here. It was excellent. The vegetables are always steamed perfectly and I have yet to be disappointed. The guys who work here aren't very nice AT ALL. But i get the feeling they get stiffed by strippers all the time.
2	Well.. 2 Stars because it seemed to have so much potential.. though I take allot of the blame for not reading reviews before ordering. The thing is.. it was about an hour to deliver the food that arrived cold, and with an order that was incomplete. To top it off, I was charged a delivery fee when it was stated as free delivery on the app I used to order. (Eat 24/7... Who were extremely helpful btw). So the delivery guy came back after I called to mention the missing items.. and he showed up another 20 minutes later. From reading reviews, this has happened before. So I'm not saying to not order from them... The food was good enough.. but be very specific and I recommend paying cash so you can check the order before they leave you.
1	This has to be the worst place I've called for delivery. I just called and all I said was, "Do you all deliver to my area?" In a thick accent but also a hint of disconnect in this woman's voice, she says slowly, "where do you live again?." I start Sa.....I'm interrupted with, "Oh sorry we don't deliver there". Really????
