3	Absolutely beeeeautiful place: chandeliers, huge windows, gorgeous wood tables and heavy bar stools and a really nice, albeit pricey wine list. The staff was super attentive and snappily dressed but the food? I was expecting more.The starters were quite tasty: perfect pesto and tasty bread, but the mains, although large, were far too salty and almost too creamy (seafood risotto).  The desserts were great, but didn't come out even near the same time for the 3 of us dining which is kinda weird, 2 of us were done ours before the third one came out.
4	Nice restaurant on street Richmond in Montreal (Griffintown). The architecture is quite interesting, food and service are good; nothing incredible, yet I would be more than happy to go back with a group of friends. It is a "noisy" place, so if you're looking to talk, or go on a first date, I wouldn't recommend this restaurant; Pullman is a much better place to talk ; )Additionally, it looks like a dressed-up place, but I was more than comfortable with my jeans and T-Shirt. Yes this is a little "did you see me there" (trendy) place, but still would recommend it as they know how to make proper drinks.Remember, this is a restaurant, if you want a drink you need to order food ; )
2	Le Richmond Brunch experience does not deliver on the quality expected for the price tag. For the good, the Lobster Benedict was tasty although I was expecting a larger lobster portion for 24$. Our waiter was courteous but not very responsive considering the restaurant wasn't busy, leaving empty plates on the table and making us wait for the bill for a while after we finished our meal. For the bad, we ordered the French toasts which were supposed to be served with fresh fruits and came served with diced watermelon on top instead. Clearly disappointing. The mimosas are well made but way overpriced at 15$ a glass. Finally, we could observe the kitchen staff doing a bit of fist fighting for fun and one of the chef scratching his beard just before cooking. Not very professional for this type of establishment. We were underwhelmed and will not be returning for the Brunch.
4	Good service and food. Fun cocktail and wine list. Great place for a night out with friends!!
5	Had the Charcuterie appetizer and their signature le boulevardier drink (which is a party in itself) and then the risotto. Was a fantastic meal and my guests were equally pleased with their dishes. Really swinging on the Thursday night we were there.
5	Went for supper last night with a group for a friend's birthday.  Wonderful!  The restaurant is just stunning, the food fresh and excellent.  I started off with an amazing litchi martini, had a pear and pine nut salad that was very tasty and fresh pasta with fresh tomatoes (their vegetarian dish). Dessert was lovely with a few small cookies and sweets and a great cappuccino.  Servers were attentive, polite and on point.  Fabulous evening enjoyed by all!  Will certainly go back!
