4	Thailand Garden Thai (also know as Siam Garden and "that Thai place") has been around for a few years now. We typically show up for lunch at least once a week (except Tuesdays, because of pineapple soup (yuck!)). The place is clean and well-kept, albeit a bit small. The service is OK, unless it gets busy, then you might die of thirst. The Pud Thai and sweet chicken are excellent, and always spicy.
5	If you are looking for great Thai, this is the place. Yes, it is a little hard to find but you will be glad you did. The owner/waitress/cook is a sweet woman from Thailand, who comes to sit and chat with you and make sure everything is what you wanted. The food is amazing, the green curry is the best. Plan a night and make the trip!
4	Awesome Yellow Curry and a really good Pad Thai.
3	Picked up to-go for lunch the other day because I still haven't mastered that "eat by myself in a restaurant" thing. I got Pad Thai with chicken and the Tom Kha with chicken. The Tom Kha was good but it was definitely thicker then I expected. I am used to a more brothy/coconut milk consistency and this was thick, almost creamy. It was still good. The Pad Thai is the reasoning for the 3 stars; It just wasn't very good. I didn't eat hardly any of it and tried to eat more later and couldn't. The place was packed at lunch so I will definitely go back and give it another shot.
4	Just found this place, food was great. The curry had an excellent flavor, and it was nice to get spring rolls where you could actually taste the filling and not receive an overload of fried wrapper. Dessert options were limited, but we don't often get dessert anyway. The lady running the restaurant was very nice, definitely a family ran business. Wife and I were happy to find a decent Thai restaurant in Steele Creek.
4	Color me happy, Siam Garden is a great little find.  It is way down on Whitehall Park Dr. in a business park.  It's so odd, you think to yourself, there is going to be a Thai restaurant down this road.  Amazing, on the outside it is very nondescript shopping strip mall, but when you walk in the door it is decorated like an ornate Thai restaurant, complete with gold headdresses with signs that read: Do Not Touch Headdress.The lunch menu is basic, a couple of curries,noodle and rice dishes, Come to think of it, I don't think I have ever been to a Thai restaurant where the menu is different, they are always the same, no matter what city.Lunch specials offer a spring roll and bowl of soup.  We ordered red curry and pad thai and ordered them hot, spicy, 3 out of 5.  They were perfect.  It was the hottest food I think I have had.  You know the heat that is so hot, you can't wait to get the next bite in your mouth to get the rush again.  But not too hot where all you get is the heat.  Very yummy. I am thinking, I might not want to eat Thai food anywhere else in CLT.Service was really good too.  Quick and friendly.  I can't wait to go back with a group of people so I can try some more menu items.  I want to have a dinner party celebration and see if they will let me wear the headdress.
2	Definitely not the best Pad See Ew I've had, it was too saucy and tasted like they used black bean sauce (yuck). Could've been because the spice they used changed the flavor of the noodles (I got it extra spicy). The good thing is that I really felt the heat, which is unusual because I can usually take spicy!The Pad Thai was better (still average), and the lunch portion is surprisingly generous. Lunch is typically $2 cheaper than dinner, but there are limited choices. It comes with soup (yuck, mine was luke warm but the flavor was not bad). The egg roll was standard.Service/atmosphere is usually secondary when I do reviews, but I was really annoyed at how slow the service was. Albeit, it was way crowded at 1pm, but we were completely neglected. I had to wave someone down to take my order, and when I did he refused to take my order because he was the "drink guy" only. The "drink guy" forgot our drinks. The owner was not very nice. Could've been because I wasn't a regular like the rest. And the waiter was so soft spoken, I couldn't hear a word of what he was saying. Despite the frustration, I'm giving it the benefit of the doubt. I'd come back to give them a shot to prove themselves with the curries.
1	Alright I came back with an open mind and the Pad See Ew was still NOT ok.You know what else is not ok? Being a waiter and not knowing what is on your menu. CMON!The pad thai wasn't as terrible as the one at Thai House (near Ballantyne), but it was still not good. The texture of the noodles wasn't good, it was too saucy, and I didn't like the flavor. PLUS, they added peanuts when I said NO PEANUTS!I guess I would be open to trying the curry, but I'm pushing this one down to a 1 star for now.P.S. fortunately there was no line here today, but why is there usually a line at this place?!
4	Been coming here for a while, for lunch and dinner but mostly lunch. Don't know about some of these other reviews, but the Pad Thai is, for me, arguably the best in Charlotte that I've had. Soups and curries are equally good, but to be honest I usually don't stray too far from the Pad Thai. Really nice, friendly wait staff. Owner lady is affectionately whacky. Obviously not for everybody; be expecting a wait if you go during the lunch rush but otherwise totally worth a try.
4	Pretty good food/value!  The owner was friendly and helped me pick out a dish.  Something with chicken and basil.  It was quick too.  Not a dining destination, but definitely great for a quick lunch.
5	I am here pretty often for lunch, probably once a week or so.  I love the owner, she is such a sweet woman and always takes up a lot of time chatting with us.  She always picks on me about how much sweet tea I drink :).  Speaking of tea, the sweet tea and jasmine tea are some of the best you can get!Lunch always comes with a free cup of soup which is always different and delicious.  I do eat dinner here on occassion as I did tonight but mostly I am there for lunch.  I usually get the Pad Thai or the Red Curry.  The Red Curry is excellent and comes with a side of white rice.  It's honestly some of the best Red Curry I have ever had and beats Monsoon on South Blvd hands down.  The Pad Thai is great too and I usually order it with extra chicken and with 1 star (stars = heat index).  I also highly suggest the Thom Kha soup as it is similar to the Red Curry. The free soup usually comes out pretty fast and the refills on drinks are pretty quick too.  Although sometimes they do get a little bogged down during lunch.  All in all this is a great place to eat if you like Red Curry and Pad Thai.  It's worth the trip to just hang out and talk to the owner!
1	Terrible service, worse food.  First we ordered spring rolls, which came about half an hour later (total of 8 people in restaurant at the time) and were rolled so tight there was practically nothing inside - just the fried "roll" part.  I ordered garlic chicken with broccoli and my husband ordered a tilapia dish.  Mine was bland bland bland and his was one tiny piece of fish amidst a lot of unappetizing sauce -completely overcooked.  I had to laugh that that pathetic piece of fish cost $17! It took over an hour to get mediocre at best food with awful service. :-(
3	This place was fine...not great, but not terrible. The staff is lovely, and I like the cool Thai items (crowns and art and religious-looking stuff) that adorn the walls and hang in display cases...but the food is just ok. Thai is in my top 3 kinds of food, so I kind of expect a lot.I've been twice now, but both times have kind of let me down. I've asked for "5 star spicy" both times, and I get back something pretty insipid. The food is fine, just not so spicy, and not like the party in my mouth I expect from Thai restaurants...
4	Green Curry, medium hot: delicious!
4	I've never been to a Thai restaurant. I've never had curry so I have nothing to compare it to. All I can say is that it was delicious. I hadthe yellow curry medium and it was creamy, spicy, and sweet. Very good. I do recommend this place. The owner was nice and she was able to talk to us a it was a slow day for them. The appetizers we had were the crab Rangoon and the fried sweet potatoes which we had given to the boys but of course tasted them and they were good. I will be going back there.
4	This place is my happy get-away. I frequently come in for lunch and have been for dinner a few times. The sweet Jasmine tea is to die for, and the complmentry bowl of soup is always good (i am not a soup person). I rarely sway from the pad thai- tofu, 3-4 stars. AMAZING. The tofu is always perfectly cooked, a litttle crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. For Kids, the thai spaghetti is a perfect! A basil heavy red sauce over noodles.As in the the previous reviews, i have to agree the the service is weakest point of this otherwise perfect restaraunt. I can deal with bad service if the food is so good. I have found that Friday lunch is awful. I waited an hour to get my food one Friday. The best days are Mon-Wed.I also agree about the owner. Like in the show 'Cheers' every time i walk in and she greets me by name, She gives me a hug, and asks how i am doing. Although the sign says do not touch the headress...
3	Went here for lunch and it was very good. I had the chicken red curry medium. Found it through using urban spoon. Price wasn't too bad.
5	Love their food.  It is the best in Charlotte that I have found. I have never had a problem with the service. The atmosphere is kind of blah, but I don't go there for the atmosphere.  Owner, very nice and remembers you if you are a frequent customer.
5	By far my favorite Thai in Charlotte.... anywhere for that matter.  The five stars are for the food and charm of the owner.  She is a nice lady and always takes time to chat you up.  Nights and weekends are relatively slow in the dining room, expected based on the location (Corporate Park) but lunch time is always busy.I am a fairly frequent customer usually stopping by once or twice a week and worth the drive (15 miles).  Thom Kha soup, Red Curry, Noodle Soup, Pad Thai... all of them are consistently delicious.Overall - If you like Thai food, you need to give Siam Garden a try.  Do not let the empty dining room during the evening and weekend hours spook you away - The food is very good.
4	Siam Garden - I have seen your coupons in the Fort Mill/Tega Cay quarterly for years.  I have seen you when traffic forces me to take a backroad detour to work.  I never met you until today.Siam Garden appears to be a very clean restaurant.  A 98 sanitation grade and ServSafe certification are displayed up entering.  The tables are decorated nicely with plates, bowls and napkins.  What is a little odd that despite how pristine it is, boxes are visible and the counter, complete with soda cans and 5 hour energy drinks, could pass for a market in Manhattan.  This is mostly for the University of Phoenix offline students of course since the campus is close.I'm no expert on Thai food for sure.  I've had pad thai a few times, but I don't know what authentic pad thai is.  I have two friends who've lived in Thailand, so I'll ask them.  However, I know what tastes good, and the pad thai here tastes better than the others I've had.  Our service was prompt and quick, but it was a late 8pm dinner so there was only one other table of 4 guys originally from India. My wife had the tofu fried rice and I tried it too - it was very good.  Tofu is difficult to cook so that's it not mushy, but they did.  Sodas were served in cans at $3 a pop which is a little high.  However, with the coupon, which added 18% gratuity as stated, we still had a reasonably priced meal.For the days we want something other than Chinese food, we will hit this place up.  Though there isn't much around it, it's easy to get to from Steele Creek, Fort Mill, and is right off of 485 at exit 3, making it convenient to even more people.
5	Very good food & service!!
4	I was in a Thai mood and Siam Garden is near the Walmart I was headed to so I decided to give it a try.  It's kind of off the beaten bath.  The restaurant is in a strip mall in a business park off Arrowwood just past 485.  The place wasn't busy, just a couple of tables when I stopped in.  The decor was pretty typical for an asian restaurant.  It looked clean and well maintained.  When ever I have Thai food I pretty much always order Pad Thai, which is what I did today.  My meal came with soup and a fried spring roll.  The soup was interesting with chunks of pineaple in it along with some ground meat. (beef?)  Whatever it was the broth was light and tasted good.  My main dish came out pretty quickly after I finished my soup.  The spring roll was kind of small, but it really was just an added bonus as I didn't expect to get it.  The Pad Thai was tasty and hot.  I'm not much of an expert on Thai food, but like art, I know what I like and this was pretty good.  I'm pretty sure the person serving me was the owner of the restaurant.  My service was OK, but it seemed like she was more interested in the regulars at the other tables.  She did chat with me a bit when she brought my check though.  The price was very reasonable at $7.95 for my lunch.   I would recommend giving this place a try.
4	Hands down the best Thai in Charlotte.  I have had the red curry and the (darn i cant spell it) Massuman curry here along with the chicken satay.  The chicken satay appetizer is served with a thick peanutty sauce and a great side of cucumber and onion mixed with a sweet sauce.  To die for! The red curry is the best I have ever had in my life.  (Um ok I have never been to Thailand....just getting that out there.)  It comes with a side of rice.  The Massuman curry is like other places (like Monsoon) but a touch better because the sauce is thicker.  The owner says she uses a 90/10 split coconut milk to water ratio instead of the usual 50/50.  It is a TAD pricey, you can easily spend 16 bucks for lunch and have just enough food but it is worth it.  I didnt give it five stars because Jesus Mary and Joseph it is so far away!  And the decor of the place is a little McDonalds-y with Thai touches.  But the food and service are great!  Love you Siam Garden!
5	Always on the look-out for the next great Thai place...  When a couple friends suggested we get Thai and head to this place I was definitely game and quite pleasantly surprised.This restaurant sits in the middle of the Whitehall office park.  I'm sure it probably gets most of its traffic during the week at lunch times, but coming here Sunday night... the place was pretty empty.  I was a little skeptical riding down the road since it is pretty far away (if you are coming off of S. Tryon).  We later figured out it was seconds away from the 485/Arrowood Rd exit.Now the most important part:  the food was delicious!  It was actually refreshing to see more options than the usual Thai chains that have their pad thais and currys.  We all started out with a curry puff appetizer which was gone in 10seconds.  I ordered a Tom Yum soup since I was starving at this point in the day and I had run something crazy [9 miles] in the morning.  The Yellow curry with chicken at "hot" level was pretty darn perfect for me.  I liked how the heat slowly built up and was not too mild and not too blazingly hot.  The rice to curry ratio was perfect.Our greeter/server/ (and maybe cook?)  [Hopefully she had more help in the kitchen that I didn't see]  Was super charming and personable.  She recognized me as a newbie and asked me where I lived.  I told her, "Matthews" with a sad expression since it was kind of a drive to get here.  She did say that she has regulars that drive in from Waxhaw....Despite the location, I definitely will keep this one on my list.  It is currently at the top for Thai at the moment (until I find something equally as delicious and charming near Matthews).
3	The food here is excellent and is what brings me back to this restaurant. What is not so excellent at this restaurant is the service. A few colleagues and I like to venture here on our lunch break, but the ordeal takes a while. Being seated is rarely an issue, even when the dining area is packed at noon. Once seated, however, it may be ten minutes or more before drink orders are taken-- the good thing is by then I have likely made a decision about what dish to order. At lunch, guests receive a complimentary soup prior to their order. The ginger soup is my ultimate favorite, though the Miso is a close runner up. The soup is a great way to tie you over (if you're starving like I am by lunchtime) until the dish is served. The time from order to place-mat ranges, but the average is 20 minutes or so. The red curry is to die for!!! I order the red curry with chicken over brown rice-- at a level 2. **Levels: Dishes such as the curry, the waitress will ask you which level you want. This refers to the level of spicy you enjoy. The spice levels are very liberal; beware the higher numbers (4 is HOT. But if it is your dig, try level 9 like one colleague I know. His brow is literally sweating!) **Another great dish is the cashew chicken (loaded with veggies). This dish is nice simply because of the veggies. Big blocks of broccoli, , red and yellow bell peppers, and onion scatter the plate. This is a nice change from the curry (no matter how much I love it), as the curry only offers a few red bell peppers.The waitresses are polite, but not very personable, and the owner is always bustling around keeping careful watch over her business. She is certainly nice enough, but we have all agreed that sometimes her mood swings come across to us. Definitely check out the interesting decor; there is ample of it for your viewing pleasure.
5	The food is great
1	I'd give it zero stars if I could. Service...the worst. Food...yuk. Nice place but horrible restaurant. My advice...STAY AWAY!!!
1	I'd give it zero if I could. Reading the 1 star reviews here completely match up to my experience: lousy food, grunting waitress/owner, vegetables undercooked, shrimp overcooked, long wait for water, etc. but my food came out almost too fast. I had just gotten my appetizer, had a couple bites, and there was my entree! It was like she wanted to get rid of me as quick as possible! I was extremely nice to her, but that made no difference. Meanwhile, she's chatting it up with the other few folks in the restaurant. It seems that if you're a regular, you get great service and good food (I guess...), but if you're a first-timer you get treated like dirt. I don't know how they get repeat customers, as I will surely never return, and will spread the word as much as I can.This was the worst dining experience I can recall ever having!
4	A friend told me about this restaurant and I knew after lunch there that it was a new favorite.  Have eaten in twice and had take-out twice and the quality has been excellent.  We try to vary the choices so there is a balance between sweet, hot and spicy.  The Siam Honey Chicken is good, kind of a Thai take on General Tso's so good for people trying Thai for the first time.  Had the Green Curry with beef tonight - excellent.  About a 4 on the 1 - 10 hot scale.
1	Very small portion relative to the price. the food is salty, dry and taste alike!I am a REAL international traveler.
5	Best thai place in charlotte!!!!! Service can be slow at times but the owner is the sweetest lady! There is nothing else that can match it!
4	My friend is a fan of Thai food.  But I prefer to try some other Thai place than the one he always goes cos I believe there has to be a better one.  I went to yelp to see how others rate.  Besides, we went out late.  This one showed open till 10:00 pm  I called to make sure they are still open.I found this and I used my GSP to direct us thought it was close to where we live.  Great!  Gosh!  GPS took us to Whitehall Dr near Freedom with a bunch of houses with no restaurants. I called again to find out it was in other side of town.  I then looked for anther place that I used to go & on the way, I also called but that place closed.  Now our way was closed to this Thai restaurant.  We said perhaps we would go to see if they still serve.n 36This is actually 3607 Whitehall Park Dr that is closed to 485 exit Arrowood Road.We arrived 9:35 pm seeing only two cars there with OPEN sign.  We said let's see if they still served.  The lady said 'yes' and we said Charlotte really not a place like LA or NYC.  We better tried.We ordered Tung Yam all the time and we tried the Pok .. with seafood in small portion for each at $6.00  It came with good portion of seafood, big shrimp, scallop and fish, spicy as we asked for.A dishes of Pai Thai (Fried rice noodle Thai style) with Chicken and A dishes of Red Curry with Beef that comes with Rice.  Both tasted pretty good.  Was it because we were hungry?  Actually, they are much better than the Thai restaurant we went in University.  Totally was slightly over $40 with a soda.Not sure if we were late and the restaurant was already cleaned for the next day.  It was cleaned...Once again, the address on top is wrong.  It is 3607 Whitehall Park Dr.
2	Reading all these good reviews is really making me wonder if I ate at the same place?? Ok, its one thing if a bad time happens once, but 3 times?? C'mon guys, we are talking about the same place off of Arrowood 485, past Walmart?Here are my experiences, wrapped into one:The first time I headed there after reading such positive reviews on Yelp back in 2010. I held back writing an ill review because I planned on giving it another try. At the time, I ordered a Red Curry with 4 level spiciness. As always, we were offered the complimentary soup and it was very delish. Light and just enough to make way for the main meal. When the entrees arrived, they were ill-timed. Mine came out waaaaay before my lunch buddy's, which sucked because I always wait to raise my fork. Anyway, it came out a while later and we commenced. The spiciness was right but the saltiness was horrible, just plain horrible. I didnt want to bother because we were crunched of time. I simply squeezed the slice of lemon that was hanging off my glass, and it sort of mellowed it out. I ended up eating only 60% of the curry, because the rice to curry ratio was off.....maybe because of the salt factor? Service was also like the dish----a bit salty :)Second time I went with my brother who was visiting from college. We decided to try Siam again for lunch and arrived when it was a full house. This time I ordered Pad Thai. When my meal arrived, it was something completely different, no noodles in sight but some kiind of ground meat with some veggies and slices of jalapeno!! I had to wait forever to get the servers attention and when I finally did, he apologized and asked to replace it. Again, I didnt want to kill valuable time so I stuck to whatever it was. It was too spicy for my liking, but whatever. This time too, the service was blah  but I understand with a full house that this is expected.The 3rd and last time I went with my little sister visiting from TX. I had full faith in my fellow yelpers, so we decided on Siam again. Bad idea!! I ordered the Massamun with no spiciness at all and sweet tea.  I get the right dish this time, but the tea was unsweetened. No problem, Ill just add some on the table.....I did sweeten it, with sugar packets from 'Bojangles'!!! No lie! I mean the packs of sugar bore the trademark name/design of the chicken fast food place!!  How weird, or how creepy? Did someone just walk into a Bojangles and jack all the sugar packs from the tables, Lol, whatever the case is, it still makes me roar with laughter!Anyway, the Mussamun arrives and again, Im doomed with the saltiest plate! Why?? It always happens to me and its not just me, I made my sister try it  and she spit it out in disgust. The nice server apologized and asked to replace it, so I ordered a different item. The Yellow Curry, mild.  That was just very ok, nothing flavorful or memorable. All I tasted was basil and coconut milk.....not good.All in all, I wont ever find myself there again. Bad service, too bold seasoned food and really no redemption for all these missteps.
3	I have always been a big big fan of Thai food. Carving for some serious Thai food. I decided to give this place a try even if it means I'll be caught in a snow storm. I came from Wisconsin so of course snow means nothing... I order the curry puffs as an appetizer. I kinda like it. It reminded me of the samosa from the Indian restaurant I have eaten. It contains yellow curry, chicken and potatoes wrapped in a puff pastry. It's on the bland side and I feel like the dipping sauce that they gave me don't really go with it. Something is missing... For dinner, I order what I'm comfortable with. Mild yellow curry, chicken, potatoes finish with peanuts. Again something is missing. I think it's the nuts. Just like the curry puffs, it's on the bland side. I didn't know you can make bland curry. However I would try this place again. After I sat down. We were caught in a snow storm. Very unusual for Charlotte so maybe they were thrown off their game. I mean even the chef came out from the back to look out the window.. The ladies there are good people so no doubt I will give it a 2nd go around.
4	The Service has been pretty good every time I have eaten here!  You may find someone new who knows less about the Menu than you, even when it is your first time here... In a place like this that does NOT bother me!  The Servers are plenty friendly!  My Food Order has always been accurate and Hot too!  The Food is good or Better than good for Thai so in my way of thinking better than almost all Chinese and some Vietnamese!  Thai Basil with minced Chicken, Red Curry and Pad Thai are some of the Dishes I have Eaten and these I have eaten twice EACH or more here!  Never been here at Night, only for Lunch!  POPROCK LOVE Brought me to this place my first time!
2	The food is excellent every time!The service is by far the worst I've ever had!When I get a craving for Thai, because it's the only place close enough to work, I call ahead. They ALWAYS say "15 minutes your order will be ready."Remember that's a lie. If your order is ready in under 45 minutes, it Will be wrong and you'll wait another 10 if you're a regular and they know you. If not, you'll wait another 20 to 30.I've walked out twice because I called my order in at 11:45 and stood waiting till after 12:45 and still no food.That said, I do keep coming back. I just know to call in 30 minutes ahead at least and expect to wait.
5	Best Thai in Charlotte... The Owner can be arrogant sometimes, but the food is great... Red and green curries are best...Pad Thai is good too...Dinner takeout portion is big, 2 people can easily share one entree!!
4	The Yelpers did not steer me wrong -Siam Garden does serve a mean red curry. I also agree (sadly) that service is pretty abismal especially on a Friday afternoon but food always trumps service for me! The food combined with the convenience factor of being in my office park and a reasonably priced lunch special to boot- makes it a sure thing I will be back. The atmosphere is nothing remarkable but they do have more space than it would appear (there was literally a line out the door but we were able to be seated quickly). My other minor complaint is they serve canned coke... even with a spice level of 2 (yep I'm a whimp) I found I  was getting low on soda and didn't really want to pony up another few dollars for another drink. Water just doesn't quell the heat the way a soft drink does...but hey sacrifices right?
5	I have been coming here for 6 years about once a week.  Everything on the menu is solid and always fresh.  Service is great. Go Wednesdays or Fridays for good soup.
4	Siam garden is a great place for lunch if you know what to order. The curry is outstanding as is the fried rice. The pad Thai is not as good as other Thai restaurants in town but the Pad Prig is Outstanding. At $8 the lunch menu which includes soup and a spring roll is a good value. I recommend you try it.
1	I've been to Siam Garden 5-6 times over the last year and am finding the lunch wait nearly impossible to deal with. In the past, I have waited up to 40 minutes for my food TWICE and today, I waited again for 15 minutes for a glass of water (got a pitcher so I could refill my own glass) and left after 30 minutes without being served....anything. The food is mediocre, service is unimpressive (always excuses) but unfortunately, I only get 60 minutes for lunch & I'd like to enjoy my meal rather tha inhale it. I won't go back.  Sorry.
3	West Charlotte is a bit of a restaurant desert. Off of I-485 this way, there aren't many places to eat. And this is a relatively new strip plaza, so when I pulled over to let Yelp find me a late dinner, I was pleased when this popped up.I chose the fresh spring rolls with shrimp to start. These were prepared very quickly and were pretty good. A nice portion of shrimp in there with a bowl of cold peanut sauce for dipping.But before I'd even manage to dig into a second spring roll, my Pad Thai with chicken arrived. Good texture and plenty of chicken, but the flavor was rather bland. No heat at all.There were a couple of other tables, but they already had their food when I arrived. So the kitchen wasn't very busy which might explain the poor timing. And as for the spiciness of the Pad Thai, perhaps the gal taking my order should have asked me if I wanted it spicy? Or should I have spoken up?
3	The bf and I went here during what we call "the dead zone" time of day when most the best restaurants in Charlotte are closed in between lunch and dinner. I had to have some Thai and I realllly wanted Basil but this was literally the only Thai restaurant in our vicinity open at 3:30 on a weekday. When we got there we were the only customers. Little old lady guides us to a table, sets down two menus and walks away. Ooooo...kay.She didn't come back to get drink orders until we were ready to order our food. We ordered crab rangoon as a starter (it was really good and made with real crab) I ordered the shrimp pad thai, extra hot. It was great! The bf ordered honey chicken...it tasted ok. But then the unthinkable happened - he discovered a little DEAD FLY in the chicken. He told the server, she apologized and went to throw it away. I was grossed out--but my pad thai was delicious I kept right on eating, but not without first scrutinizing every bite that went in my mouth. All good. The lady brought him out a fresh new plate of chicken about 5 minutes later.All in all, minus the dead fly it was ok. The authentic Thai decor was really beautiful to look at, but I think I will wait until Basil is open before going here again.
3	When you don't mind a short drive - okay, perhaps a long drive, depending on where you live - and don't really care about the atmosphere (because there really isn't none), then this may be your place.I have to say, though, I really dig Siam Garden. The service isn't the best. Okay, it's probably close to the worst. They are not friendly at all. You need to know what you want, and it's on the order of the Soup Nazi. Even the Soup Nazi might be friendly compared to this place.But the food is solid. You do have to be able to stomach looking at pictures of our former Mayor, Pat McCrory, however. Not sure why, really, as they aren't celebrity-style signed pictures, at least that I can tell, and this is actually before the recent issues with (now former) Mayor Cannon, so I really don't know what's up - maybe they just like the guy. It's a little stalkerish, however.The good news is that unlike many other places in town, their spice level is legit. No US vs. Thai spices here - you'll get real spice when you ask for it, so be careful.If you don't mind the drive, and you don't mind the service, and you don't mind the atmosphere, definitely worth a trip.
5	Best Thai food in Charlotte Area. I love the food here. The quality is very good as well.
4	If you're ever doing take out, order the pad thai without the onions and peanuts & you'll get so much more for your money. I'm a regular customer and the owner is a sweet older lady. I normally order the pad thai spicy(level 5) and the Siam hot wings with the sauce on the side. It's delicious! Five stars for the Pad thai but 3 stars for the service if you dine in.(it can be a little slow)
4	Pad Si Ewe (chicken) take out was delicious! Flavors throughout and perfectly prepared. This will become a top pick in our take out rotation!
4	We live in the Lake Wylie area but drive to Matthews to Thai Taste which is our favorite Thai restaurant in Charlotte. We also go to Thai Orchid as it is near my work place. We have been lamenting the fact that there are no Thai restaurants in our area. Last night on our way home from an out of town visit, I used Yelp to find something. Never heard of Siam Garden but enjoyed the stories every told about the little old lady.  I actually followed the advice of the guy who said "if you don't mind the long drive, it is worth going."  They really are a little out of the way but now I know it is less than 15 min from my house. Yay.We ordered Pad Thai w chicken and Pad Thai w pork. We both loved it. Take out order is indeed huge and enough for 2 people. I got the fresh rolls and loved them. Hubby got the angel fried wings which were ok, a bit dry. When I picked up the food there was what looked like THE little old lady, so I asked her "have you read the Yelp reviews?" She looked puzzled and said "no what are they saying?" So I told her to read them herself. haha. We will definitely be back to pick up from this restaurant. It is about 7 min from the Harris Teeter at Steele Creek so if you want decent Thai food, you have to at least try them out soon! I will be back to try out their Thom Kha soup and curries.
5	The service has been a lot better as of late, hence I felt it was ready for the full 5 stars. Fast, friendly, and always super delicious . It is easily one of my favorite places for lunch in Charlotte! The red curry is incredible.
1	I've only dined in this restaurant once and I have never been back nor do I plan on going back. My boyfriend had their pad thai and I ordered their pad kee mao aka drunken noodles. The food was sooo sooo disappointing that I never wanted to return. My boyfriends pad thai was all goey and had no texture except goo and extra goo. I know the gooeyness  means they overcooked his noodles. Lets not even talk about my pad kee mao. It was probably hands down the worst i've ever tasted in my life. They should be ashamed of putting their name on it. All it tasted like was wide rice noodles doused in siracha sauce. It's shameful to even call it pad kee mao and should call it siracha noodles. End of story
5	Love this place! Great food(especially the seafood spicy tom yum) and great staff! Prices for lunch are affordable. Great spot for lunch with work friends! Highly recommend if you like Thai food!
5	Yes! Love this place. I understand the service may not be the best, but if you become a regular they seem to loosen up :) I love the peanut sauce here. I could bathe in it! Every dish we have ordered so far has been great. The best part, if you want your food spiced "hot" they actually make it hot! Every other Thai restaurant I've been to in Charlotte won't spice my food over mild, even when I ask for extra hot. I try to go here every Thai "Thursday" :)
4	Pad thai is great. HUGE portions but ordered shrimp & chicken - only got 3 shrimp :-( Will return
5	First time here and I will probably be a frequent customer based on my first experience. I ordered the Siam Yam salad with calamari. Beautiful artful presentation and nicely balanced flavors with just the right amount of heat (significant, but not overpowering). Portion size was generous. The owner was lovely and friendly.
3	The food was good...definitely not the best Thai I have ever had but def good.  I found the menu a little different and more limited than most Thai restaurants.  They used regular onions with the pad Thai instead of green.  The prik king curry was tasty but would have been better with a bit more sauce.The location is a bit awkward to get to but you never have to wait in line...seems like a not well known place.The restaurant was very clean and there seemed to be a lot of regulars that enjoyed the place.  Will visit again.
4	Arrive early if you are going at lunch. Food is made to order so lunch slows down when the place is full. Dinner time has a lot of to go orders. If you are eating in there is plenty of room and fast service. Lunch prices are good but dinner seemed high for the portion size as lunch.  The food can be made with a 0 to 4 heat range. 4 has a lot of men crying like little girls. Now I order 0 with hot sauce on the side. Several different curry types. I will be there for lunch next week.
4	We love to go on Wednesday for lunch and the "Wednesday Soup" that comes with the lunch combos. Super quality and everything tastes homemade. Very busy at lunch so you might want to go a little before noon or a little later. Lunch combo is a great deal for what you get. I really wish their dinner prices were more reasonable because we would eat there often if it was more affordable at dinner for a family! Pad thai and honey chicken are super!
