5	I recently purchased a new Prius at Rohrich Toyota. This was by the far smoothest new car purchase I have experienced. The salesman, Broderick, was very honest and knowledgeable, the financing went very smoothly. I am very pleased with every aspect of my purchase, including the car.
5	Purchased a '12 Prius. Have been in for 2 scheduled maintenance services and am very satisfied.
3	I liked the fact that my service visit was free and that my car was ready within the specified time frames
5	The sales team worked with me to trade a car that needed work and put me into the car I always wanted for a price I could afford.  Talk to Jeff and Dom they are Awesome!
5	I've had service work done on my Prius here. Efficient. Effective. Pleasant environment. They do good work. It took so little time, I waited for the car instead of taking the offered shuttle back and forth.  The lounge was nice. The snacks were good.  The new cars were tempting. The car was finished before I did any damage to my wallet in the showroom. Repair costs were very reasonable.
2	I stopped at Rohrich Toyota to look at their selection of used vehicles. I was quickly greeted by Paul - who was great! I test drove a Honda Element, which was clean and comfortable to drive, but the brakes on this one needed work - very slow response to stop. Then I looked at a Rav4. The first thing I noticed was dog hair on the interior surfaces. I'm surprised that seemingly simple things like brakes and cleanliness would not have been checked and fixed before putting the vehicles on the lot; my confidence was not inspired. I did like the drive course they used because it included big hills and bumps (sure, try to find a loop in PGH that doesn't!). And Paul was easy going and respectful of my search criteria.
4	This review is more for the sales associate that helped us with the car buying process. We first contacted Rohrich Toyota in Pittsburgh via email and Jeff Krivickas responded within about 24 hours or less.  Jeff Krivickas at went above and beyond expectations. He was willing to communicate via multiple methods including email, phone calls, and text messaging. His positive attitude and flexibility made him easy to work with and created a positive car buying experience.
1	Basically when we took our car in to see if they would look at the issues with our car they responded like a bunch of mindless monkeys with wrenches. Toyota will not take the time to find the solution to what is wrong with your car. Do not buy from Day or Rohrich, they will not care about you or whatever is wrong with your car. Also, their warranties SUCK.
1	We've been to a lot of car dealerships in the last few weeks, and this was hands-down, the worst experience of the bunch. We were first ignored, then made to sit and wait for pricing for more than 20 minutes, for no apparent reason. We will definitely not be going back.
5	I can not say enough wonderful things about my buying experience at Rohrich Toyota! Everyone person I came in contact with was so welcoming.  Paul was a pleasure to work with, I did not feel any pressure to buy, all of my questions where answered in a timely manner and with exact information there was no run around.  I had been to several other dealerships and can say I was over the moon about buying my car from such a wonderful group of people. Each of you made my car buying experience truly amazing!  I could not be more happy with my first ever brand new car!  Thank you Paul, Dom, Jeff and Sue for being so customer orientated! I will be sure to tell everyone what a wonderful staff you have! Thank you all again!
5	We bought our new 2015 Highlander at Rohrich Toyota, with the help of Rob Myers who was splendid. For me, buying a car is stressful, especially since I'm very picky. Rob was very patient, accommodating and responsive to my requests. Plus, Rob is a very genuine, friendly and honorable person; I've grown to trust him. Everyone at Rohrich treated me fairly and with respect, and I ended up with an amazingly great vehicle and financing package. I'm fortunate to live close to Rohrich and I look forward to working with them more in the future. If you want an honest dealership, go out of your way to visit Rohrich and ask for Rob Myers.
5	Great experience here with our most recent vehicle purchase! Kristen Ehmann welcomed us from the start. We have been looking for a new vehicle for several months, but hadn't made the purchase because of unclear pricing and the fact that most places didn't have what we asked for, but wanted to steer us into buying what they had...Our request was immediately answered by your team, and Kristen was friendly, helpful, and thoughtful. Of all our car buying experiences, she demonstrated the most skill and made the experience the most fun and least stressful.Your dealership worked with us from the start - even though it was late on Saturday, getting us the vehicle was not a problem. There was no "come back on Monday or come back in a week" story from them - as soon as we agreed on the details, we were told that we would be driving our vehicle home that afternoon.Kristen even followed up with us this week, and sent my 4 year old a "Swagger Wagon" can cooler because she noticed that my daughter liked the promotional video. That's attention to detail.Sue was great when we went on to make the deal - she was clear, concise, and was not pushy. There were no surprises, and we left pleased with the whole transaction.I am glad we checked out this dealership - would definitely recommend it if you are looking for a Toyota vehicle.
