5	"Hi, my name is Stephany, and I am addicted to Bingo." Seriously, I am. But it's funny because now it has gotten so bad, I prefer certain bingo rooms over others, based on no real criteria whatsoever. They are all pretty standard. People in their eighties, a large bingo board or two, a lady calling out the numbers, free donuts, etc. My friends and I stick out like sore thumbs, but it does not dissuade me. The Sunset Station bingo room is my favorite. All of the previous amenities (including the eighty-somethings) are included, but the room is much larger than most around town and they offer the cool electronic bingo screens. I don't like using these, I prefer using my cool Elvis dauber, but they are offered nonetheless. Before the game starts, you can stock up on a few free soft drinks or coffee, and there is a snack machine in case you need an energy boost in the middle of the session. Get there early for the best seating. Some of the seniors are ruthless when it comes to seating. I know there are tons of ways to gamble in Las Vegas, but Bingo is by far the best. You play for an hour and can gamble as little or as much as you want. I like to go big and spend about eight bucks, but please, limit yourself. HA! Anyway...Bingo is the new blackjack, I'm telling you.Game times are on the odd hours starting at 11 and ending at 9pm. Check online for the best progressive payouts. I don't know what these are, but the old folks have fits about them. So I assume they are pretty important!
5	Stephany is absolutely right. What an experience! We have fun when we play. We do not win often but there is always the anticipation of winning and one loses their money a lot slower than the machines or tables.
5	It was very cheap. Only $4 for the game at the cheapest. (Level 1) we went on a Sunday evening, wasn't crowded so more chances to win! My favorite was they offered free coffee, soda and alcohol. If you forget your dobber, they have vendig machines and its only a dollar! It was our first time playing here and they were really nice in explaining how it works. Everything was easy to follow with showing on the board what bingo is playing. And my favorite was there were certain cards where you continue on after a bingo has been won.
5	I used YELP to find them, wasn't to hard. The casino is not as crowded as the ones on the strip, therefore more fun. The people are all nice and BINGO is the bomb! I think I'll come everyday till I leave, that will give me something to do.
