3	As a gringo who has a interest in Latin foods and such, Compare Foods is like going into a museum for me.  This is the newest Compare in Charlotte and worth visiting even if you don't like Latin foods.  Why?  Becuase hands down, they have the best and cheapest produce section of any grocery store in Charlotte.  They tend towards Latin flavors, but you will find three types of mangos (SPOILER-THEY COST .45 RATHER THAN $1 AT OTHER GROCERY STORES), plaintains are 3 for $1, there are five types of tomatoes, etc.  Since I am eating more fruits and veggies these days, I take a trip to Compare to stock up on produce.They have an excellent variety of meats (though I've never bought meat from this store).  Even the frozen foods reflect Latin tastes; you will see more Goya brands than Stouffers.  You will not find American staples, like skim milk or plain yogurt, stocked on a consistent basis.  But if you're an adventurous American or Latin person seeking some traditional ingredients, this is your place.
3	Went here tonight and discovered it's "COMPAR---AYYY" not Compare Foods, hence it's a hispanic grocery store! Sadly, I was looking for Asian items to make spring rolls, but I did take a tour of the store and I'm torn between thinking it's very cool or very unsanitary.It's an older building and the smell of meat permeates the place, so that makes it a big negative for me. On the plus side, anything Hispanic food wise that you want, they have! Not a huge selection of Asian items much to my sadness (still need to find a good Asian grocery here!), but they did have some Northern African items along with lots of South American stuff that got me excited (I'm sipping on some Guarana as we speak, oh the memories!).Would definitely go back, but am not sure that I'll be venturing in for meat products or too late at night since the parking lot has poor lighting.
4	Visit the restaurant; the BEST Latin American food in Charlotte. I eat here about 2x a month, and only so infrequent because I have a modest eating out budget and enjoy cooking at home. Still, for authentic Latin American dishes, and when on the run, I make my way here. The restaurant is nice, open, modest, and has a flat screen tv. Used to frequent the one on Independence Blvd before it was closed due to the new highway expansion underway.
