5	Great tire shop. I brought in my car because I kept losing air in a tire, they found a nail, removed it and patched the tire in 10 minutes flat. Very nice people, and very fair prices.
5	Great mechanical work!! very cheap prices and the work was done quickly! great job guys!!
5	I have taken my Corvette to get the A/C fixed and also taken my Nissan to get the tires fixed and I am yet to be disappointed.  Great service, friendly staff and they do the work in a timely manner.  Also last time I went to pick up my Nissan, I discovered that they can pick you up and drop you off if you live near the area, which I do.  Its a good shop and don't forget the coupons you get in the mail, I have saved a lot of money!
5	These guys are the best!! They went above and beyond the call o duty to figure out the problem with my car.. I have never had this kind o service in California!! They have made my drive back to California so much less stressful!!!!! U guys r the best!!
5	I really wanted to find a local shop that I could trust with all of our vehicles. The guys here are great - it's a family owned shop - and all the techs are super friendly which is an added bonus. Glad I found this gem!
5	So, I'll first admit that I didn't actually purchase a tire here, but I found the customer service to be top notch, regardless.  I went in because I needed a place to leave my car for a few hours while I went to the Glendale Stadium for the Fiesta Bowl (I met some friends in the parking lot and we carpooled over).  The guys working at McFall assured me that I could safely leave my car there - just make sure it was locked.  I left and was in the middle of the tailgater when I realized that I could not remember locking the car after getting stuff out of my trunk.  My laptop and purse were in the trunk and I immediately started freaking out.  I called McFall and they were SO cool - the agreed to go out and check on my car and make sure the doors were locked.  So look.....maybe I didn't get tires there, but honestly, don't you trust a business that is good to you regardless of money spent there even more than a business where you're spending tons of money?  Thank you Mcfall!  I promised a great review - sorry it took me four months!
5	You can't go wrong here. Been in several times and they are always honest, efficient and dependable. Even better they treat you like a person and work with you for a solution. No garage is ever perfect, but this shop tries to do what's right. And that's a rare thing today.
5	Thanks, Yelpers for your reviews. I live in Goodyear, not really too close to McFall Tires- but I did drive there based on your feedback. Here's my story: I had a "slow leak" in my driver's side front tire. I was filling it with air every 3 days and I couldn't find an obvious problem and I needed a tire shop to take a look. I first stopped at a Big O Tires on  West Van Buren in Goodyear. When I drove up there was a sign on their window that said "Closed for Repairs". Mmmmm. Not a good sign. (Later in the week there was a "For Rent" sign in the window)What to do? I pulled out my trusty Iphone and did a quick Yelp search for Tire Shops and McFall showed up in the results with all 5 star reviews. I did a quick map calculation to see how far away it was from my present location and it was only another 15 mins. I knew I had to get this tire leak fixed today, so I drove on over to McFall's crossing my fingers that the additional drive time was going to be worth it. When I arrived, they looked pretty busy (lots of card parked in and around the building). I walked in and explained my dilemma. They took my keys and said- "give us about 20 minutes". Okay, I thought. That's a good response. Now I was hoping I wouldn't be waiting 90 minutes. 20 minutes later, they called my name and told me I was all set. Turns out they found a small screw wedged deep into the tire. Then I asked, "How much?" as I pulled out my wallet. (I was hoping it wouldn't be more than $10 for that kind of repair. ) Here comes the shocker- I was told "No charge". WHAT! I couldn't believe it. I haven't heard that phrase said to me in over 20 years! The gentleman at the counter told me "Think about us next time you need service". Dam straight I will! I took a card and I'm going to try these guys out for my next service for oil change, tire rotation, etc. Man- that made my day!
5	I tried these guys because of Yelp and they saved my bacon. On my move out of AZ the car overheated on the freeway pulling a uhaul just 29 miles into my 1400 mile journey! I managed to get off the freeway and to a gas station where I Yelped for a good local mechanic. Lucky for me Mcfall was only a mile away. I put some water in the radiator and pulled up to Mcfall's in a plume of steam. The guys jumped on the problem immediately. The hose was a special order - so they customized another hose for me and had me back on the road in about an hour (and for a price so low I was embarrassed by it). I KNOW if I had gone anywhere else I would have been waiting at least a day and paid twice as much. THANK YOU GUYS!!!
5	Went to this shop after moving from Scottsdale due to their Yelp reviews.They are as good as they sound.  From taking care of my wife's SUV without trying to up-sell her with "blinker-fluid" to taking care of my modified car without any problems.Recently they were unable to meet a promised timeframe due to a part supplier taking too long getting the last minute part order delivered.  Even though the delay was not their fault they went WAY out if their way to make up for the delay.  They are one of those hard to find shops that are honest, fast, & professional without trying to upsell useless & un-needed items, talking down to those who don't know cars, or over charging.
5	A nail punctured my tire when driving from Vegas to Phoenix. I did a yelp search and found that McFalls was nearby and open on a Sunday. So glad I came to them! They were very quick, reliable, and sociable. Tony was the rep who helped me out. I give them a 5 star in service and attitude. I did not have to pay for my flat to be fixed (and here I thought only Les Schwab and big name companies were the only ones who didn't charge to fix a flat tire).
1	TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE x2!!!!Called up this auto shop to get a check engine light Diagnosed. Upon talking to Rockie, he told me they would do it for free but if it took longer than an hour he would have to charge me the Diagnostics fee, which is absolutely understandable, but when they found the problem if I chose to get the work done there they would waive that fee. Sounded reasonable so I scheduled an appointment.Upon a few days later when getting there for my appointment, I was greeted at the counter by Doug. Told him what I was there for and gave him the keys to my car. Now mind you I like to pay attention to people while they work on my car, and man I tell you its a good thing I did.When they took my car into the bays, I noticed the mechanic taking the tires off, I called Doug over and asked what he was doing. He stated just rotating the tires, it was "included" and I figured whats the harm might as well let him. A few minutes later  went back to check on my car only to find the mechanic draining the oil. (Mind you I NEVER once asked for an oil change, as a matter of fact the previous week I had just changed the oil myself and use Mobil 1 Synthetic, which is not cheap). Again I call Doug over and ask him what the heck is going on, he tells me "Your here for an oil change right?' I tell him no and explain to him what I was there for, at this point what they should have already known, so Doug runs outside to stop the mechanic, only to find that all the oil was drained out. Luckily he replaced the drained oil with Mobil 1 at no charge.So after all of that I sit there for another 30 minutes while no one at all is working at my car at this point (its just sitting there) to have Doug come out and tell me that with  that check engine light he "Google'd" it and it could be a number of things. GOOGLE'D!!!!!!! are you kidding me?!?!?!?!?! If I wanted something Google'd I could have done that myself. He then tells me he would have to charge me that Diag fee. (Mind you that I am only supposed to be charged a Diag fee if it takes more than one hour per Rockie who I previously spoke with, but at this point no one has worked on the issue of my car at ALL!!!)Then to top it all off, Doug tells me that they dont have time to work on my car today and to come back tomorrow. WHAT WAS THE POINT OF SCHEDULING AN APPOINTMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!! Then while driving off they left a mess in my car which included the paper floor mats as well as their work order for me and even the plastic red bordered sheet holder that they use!Needless to say I let some time pass and do some research myself on the issue and find that all I may need is a simple computer process run on my car which literally takes 2-3 min in full (Crankshaft Variation Learn). So I call these guys back up and at first no one knows what the heck I'm talking about, even though they seem to love Google which is exactly where I found this procedure. I ask the Tech on the phone how much would you charge to do this, he asks me what kind of car it is and then says just come on over we will do it no charge. So I drive over there and talk to the people at the desk and they again have no idea what I'm talking about, so yet again they rely on there magical computer to tell them. After waiting, the person who I spoke with that told me it was going to be at no charge on the phone comes out and tells me, "were going to have to charge you labor". I stated well someone I just talked to said it was free of charge, he then said "yeah that was me but I just thought you wanted your check engine light codes cleared". NOT ONCE DID I MENTION ANYTHING ABOUT CHECK ENGINE LIGHTS NOR CLEARING CODES WHEN I TALK TO THIS MAN RIGHT BEFORE GOING OVER THE SECOND TIME. I told him to forget it and then left, found Litchfield Auto Repair who was more than happy to do it for me.This shop is poorly run, no one talk to each other, they dont know what they are doing, they tell you one thing than do another,and seems like they will charge you for anything after they have you in the door. I WILL NEVER RETURN TO THIS SHOP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	So, at first I was extremely pleased with the service I received. I came in for an oil change and a tire rotation and it was quick, inexpensive, and conveniently located across the street from me. I believe the man at the front was named Douglas or Thomas lol (idk don't quote me on that) Anyhow, he was extremely friendly and helpful. I realized later that night that the part of the wheel that covers/hides the lug nuts was missing. Clearly the tech who rotated my tires didn't put it back on properly. I had to leave town the next morning so my mother in law went in to ask them about it and they said they didn't have it and denied any fault. I know it's a simple mistake, but I really feel like they should have figured something out or found a way to replace the part instead of denying it. I'm really disappointed. I thought I had found a new place to get all my servicing done since I drive out of town quite frequently and put a lot of miles on my car, but I will not be returning here again.
5	Not even 24 hours after I had written a review, I received a call from the manager, Mike. He had ordered me a replacement center cap as a courtesy to replace the missing one and it was ready the same day. I was very pleased with the response that I had gotten and I'm glad that he went out of his way to make things right. No business is perfect and it's nice to know that there are places out there that will work with you and find a solution to the problem. Thank you McFall Tire!
5	I'm so glad my friends told me to go here!! Wow the customer service Mike is AWESOME!!! I had the A/C installed wrong from another shop and I took it to them they fixed it right up!! The A/C works great!! They next day to took them my other truck again Mike took care of everything he called to keep me informed. I know that my family now has a trusted shop to go to that is very professional. I like that it is family owned too! Thank you McFall's you help take a lot of stress away!!!!
1	Leaving work and noticed that my tire was flat with an arrowhead shaped piece of metal between the tread. Pulled it out and used the fix-a-flat since I don't have a spare. Pressure held after I aired it up and drove home. Next day removed the tire and took it to Mcfall's, I showed them where I removed the shard and you could see where the goop had come out when I inflated the tire. They said nothing was wrong with the tire and there was no puncture, maybe somebody let out the air! Took the tire to Discount Tire where they found the leak (right where I told them it would be) and patched it.
1	I WILL NEEEVER GO HERE AGAIN!!!!!!Nobody gave them permission to touch and change my settings in my car.  My Windows didn't need to be down, doors didn't need to be open to change my oil.  My brand new car now smells like the service station.  No respect for property what do ever.
5	They were able to get us in right away on a sunday an hour before closing. We stopped in to switch out all the rims, the new rims didnt fit unfortunately and then they put back the old rims and all done quick and at a great price!:) thats great compared to Goodyear that was going to charge $30 to put on and $ 30 to take off!?!..definitely recommend this place! Good people!Thank you guys!:)
5	I go to Mcfall for EVERYTHING!!! I have gone to many auto repair places and these are the only guys I would EVER trust, they are good honest people and that's really hard to find now-a-days, and totally affordable! I have many good experiences with them, they have gotten me out of a lot of jams with my truck, but I've had my truck for 6 years and its still going strong thanks to the guys at McFall tire!!!
5	We took our car in today after a friend recommended McFalls. The front desk staff was courteous and knowledgeable. We had noticed a potential problem with our car but there was no check engine light on. The car was there for a few hours while they tried to diagnose the problem but couldn't replicate it before we needed the car back. They didn't charge us anything. We appreciated their honesty and the great service. We'll be back.
5	McFalls employees are genuine and sincere. Gives you the best advice anyone could possibly get. Won't ask you to spend unnecessarily like some others do.
4	Great service as always! Howard researched the best tires for my car and budget. My tires were there waiting on me the next morning and installed quickly no hassles.
