5	Wait, hold up - this is a charity shop?!I have been shopping in here for years and you would NEVER guess that it's a charity shop, unless you pay close attention to the signage. But usually I'm just haplessly wandering in for a gander so until today, I thought this was a vintage store to rival Armstrong's.The fact that it is actually a Barnardo's trussed up with vintage attire arguably makes it even more appealing. Considering this shop relies on donations (which you wouldn't guess from the standard of the stock) it has a wide variety of interesting and unique garments. It's hard to review since the stock is constantly changing; even more so than an average vintage shop as Barnardos are relying on the kindness of others. But whenever I visit, they always seem to have acquired some beguiling fur coats, not to mention beautiful pillar box hats. Recently they seem to have got hold of some gorgeous kid's clothing. Considering it's in a thriving area full of interesting shops, I would definitely put this on your list of places to visit. It's one of the most unusual charity shops I have ever visited!
4	I love the idea of charity shopping but never seem to quite find the great bargains my friends do. Luckily I found this little store down in Grassmarket, right across Armstrong's, one of the biggest charity stores in town. Barnados Vintage is basically all the cool vintage clothing donated for charity having their very own little store.It's not pretending that their clothes aren't second hand (which let's face it vintage clothes are) and you know your money is going for a great cause.  I particularly like their selection of jewellery and their scarves. Charity AND Vintage: check!
3	This Barnardos Charity Shop disguises the fact that it is a charity shop very well. From the signage out front to the tiny little store offering strictly vintage clothing at non-charity shop prices. If you like vintage clothing, then you will love this shop. They have a good stock of vintage jackets, scarves, dresses, mens clothing, shoes etc. The shop itself is tiny and quirky, complete with staff decked out in vintage clothing. However if you are like me and think vintage is pretentious and just an excuse to hike up the price of someone's old clothes, then you probably won't like it. At least the money from the over priced clothing is going to charity.
4	This is definitely in the more colourful range of charity shops. Even as far as Stockbridge charity shops go, and from my experience, their shops are really quite colourful. The stuff you can get here is mostly clothing and little else. But the quality of the clothing is pretty fantastic (as far as second-hand clothing goes, which is pretty high up). And the decoration in the shop is also very snazzy. I kept itching to buy absolutely everything in sight. Most particularly, the stuff that wasn't even on sale (that always happens, though, doesn't it? Particularly in Armstrong's, where they keep the best to themselves). Though there may be about a million or trillion (I'm into hyperbolising) charity shops in Stockbridge, this one's definitely worth having a peek in. Even if you have absolutely no intention of buying anything. Though, I warn you, you may become sorely tempted.
4	Agreed with Julia, this Barnardos is very colourful indeed.Situated in the busy region of Stockbridge, this Barnardos seems to be packed with lovely clothes of high quality, a good number of books and fun second hand items.The store was nicely decorated, with the changing room being decked out in loads of retro pin-up pictures. There was a big vintage rail situated near the window which seemed to be one of the focal points of the store. There are heaps of charity shops in Stockbridge, but most of them are more like little boutiques than places to buy second hand goods. The clothing in here was impressive, but the people who run this place seem to really push the boundaries of what a charity shop is defined as by making it funky and lovely to visit. Shopping for clothes in Stockbridge is fun and will make you feel good about yourself - great bargains and for a great cause.
