4	An interesting restaurant, to be sure.  I'm thinking it was connected to the lobby bar, and apparently has an oyster bar on it as well, but we stuck to the traditional steak house portion, I guess.  We had a reservation, and were actually late for it, but they accomdated us, and even seated us on the beautiful patio seating outside, in amazing weather.  The tables were all made of wood, and the chairs were comfortable enough, though the cushions moved a little here and there.  Our server was polite, and prompt, and was forthcoming with advice on foods to sample here and there, but being seasoned restaurant eaters, we had our own ideas, naturally.  Ended up with the crab cakes and beef carpaccio for appetizers.  The crab cakes were amazing x.x.  I could've eaten twelve of them!  There were two kinds on the plate, ones that were fried with a breading on the outside, with a mayonnaisey sauce to dip, and another with more of a tartar-like taste, and both were great.  The carpaccio was good, too, but somewhat ordinary.  Maybe I'm just jaded.  I think it might've taken a little longer than normal for those to arrive, but we were having a lot of fun chatting so it's possible we just didn't notice.  I think we had the red house wine, which was fine, but I'd just had a very good cabernet, and so in comparison, this one wasn't quite as good, but still nice.  Of all the restaurants at M (I think I've tried them all now, except the Buffet), this one is probably the most pricey.  They have nice fine cuts of steak, and the ones raised on the Marnell Ranch were about 1.5 times as much as the regular steaks.  No one ordered those, though, so we can't tell you how much better they were.  We ordered the Filet Mignon, a juicy Rib Eye, the Day Boat Scallops, and the special of the day, lamb chops.  The filet was good, but nothing exceptionally original.  The sauce was great, and I couldn't quite place the flavor, but it was somewhat creamy and had a bit of a mustard taste to it.  The ribeye was thick and juicy, and didn't have any exceptional flavors to it, but was certainly a very good steak.  It was bone-in, as all good ribeyes are, and cooked to perfection, medium-rare.  Good flavor, and again the artistry in this dish was the accompanying sauce, this one more brown, and seemed to be a bit of some vinegar and almost gravy-like consistency, with a soft woody taste.  The scallops were kind of ordinary-tasting.  They weren't bad, and the consistency was nice on them, they just weren't something I'd jump up and down over.  I much preferred the scallops at Sensi (see my other review).  The lamb was over cooked, but that's the fault of the person ordering it, who wanted it medium-well.  Everyone knows you should have lamb medium-rare!  But it wasn't too hard, though it seemed as though there weren't any jump-out flavors.  Good, but I wouldn't get it again.  We did not have dessert this time.Great view, calm atmosphere, good service, and fun company all combined to make this a great meal for us!  A good place for us in Henderson to take out-of-towners to a nice non-strip venue, I'd say.  And you can't beat an 8 minute drive from the house!
3	I'm never a fan of steak. I don't like eating meats that are not fully cook. My bf said their menu was good. I said ok we'll try it. Every time we go a steak place, i always order seafood or chicken. Hahaha. I know what you guys are saying. Why go if i don't eat steak? Thats true but if someone you love, likes to eat steak, you have to go once in awhile. Well, anyways we got comp for 100 buck at the resort. So we used it at Terzetto. I asked the waiter what fish is good. He recommended the dover sole. Man, that was the most fishy and nastyful fish i ever ate. I didn't not like it. I felt like throwing up everytime i took a bite out of it. I should of sticked to my halibut or salmon. I would of give them a four star but i'm sure next time if i go agian i'll try their other fish to see if it is a four or five star. The best part of the food was the hawaiian big eye tuna. WOW!! i loved it. Very tastful. Oh and my bf got the 18oz rib eye. He finished all of it. I guess he loved it. Oh yea, for our side dishes we got the scallop potatoes and sauteed mushrooms. You guy will love them both. I couldn't finish them because the bread made me full. Dam!! Next time.
4	Only above average food but excellent service and attention to detail. In fact, their service is on par with the finest restaurants. An asparagus crab soup was recommended but fell short of expectations in flavor. Two prime rib steaks were ordered, one rare and one medium. Both were prepared exactly the same, rare. The Sirloin was nice but only on a par with an average cut of meat. The Chateaubriand for two, the night's special, was prepared perfectly and proved more than the sharing couple could consume. We were provided an ample and continuing choice of breads and I highly recommend the sunflower seed sourdough!Patio dining after sunset is breathtaking. We will return.
4	Finally had a chance to try this place out.  The decor and atmosphere was good.  Place was already popping at 5:30pm.  I guess everyone was getting their grub on right before the Journey concert.  We ordered the lobster roll and split the bone 26 oz. tomahawk ribeye steak.  We lobster roll came with 3 rolls cut in the middle and stuffed with a seafood salad mixture.  I don't know if there was actually any lobster in there since it was cut so small.  The roll was was nicely toasted and the stuffing was pretty good.  The ribeye came out with a pretty big bone sticking out that resembled something from the Flinstones.  Pretty prehistoric looking.  The Tomahawk steak actually came from their ranch in Montana.  It was tender and juicy.  Pretty good, but not the best.  For $46, I would have expected better tasting.  You can see your meat being grilled through a giant display window in the back of the restaurant.  It was a giant cowboy style charcoal grill.  The ribeye I had at Marinelli's was better tasting.
4	Yummy! We went here for a business dinner (about 30 ppl).  Food was really good - they serve family style sides which is nice when you have a big group of ppl. If you have boys in from Texas - then this is the place to take them (when in The M, of course) Steak, Steak & more Steak! They were in love... I on the other hand, over did it for myself - food was great, Patio dining would have been tres chic if the weather was a little warmer... I will return - I want to take my honey.  He is a BIG steak eater...One more thing... if you get a seat by the kitchen - you just might be able to see chefs do their magic!your constant companion,~deirdra
4	So I keep coming back here!!! The service is great, the food amazing, and there was a group of girls who played the violins near the bar at the front that were amazing!!! They played smooth criminal on strings that looked so futuristic and they were super HOT!!!!!The service is super friendly and especially accommodating for birthdays! Definitely try the house wine, it's pretty darn good!!What I've had on the menu:We in the multiple visits to Terzetto I've had the Oysters on the half-shell! A definite must! The Oysters rockefeller are a little heavy for my taste, especially for an appetizer....Jumbo shrimps are definitely JUMBO!! Also the tomato caprese salad is a good light appetizer.The french onion soup is great! But again a little heavy for an appetizer if you are going to enjoy your dinner. You may even split it with someone.The filet was amazing, so tender and juicy!
2	Underwhelming.The M is a sleek place and everything is so beautifully done.  All of their eateries are so promising, but unfortunately always fail to deliver.  The layout and design of Terzetto is gorgeous and looks like something you'd find further North on the Strip.  Their menu is not uber creative, but it has the steakhouse staples.  I went with a party of seven and the service was fantastic.  Our server was timely, attentive and helpful (granted, the place wasn't exactly packed).  The service was the best part of the night.The food, however, was merely underwhelming.  The steaks were cooked appropriately, but lacked any real beef flavor and the all-important char.  Sure, I'm not paying $50+ for a bone-in rib eye (like at Prime or Carnevino), but in order to compete in this economy and market, it should still taste as good.  The sides were good, but not very memorable.Terzetto is a value, in that prices are below what you'd find at the better steakhouses.  Unfortunately, you get what you pay for and this place is underwhelming.
5	What a gem! Capping off a recent stay at the "M" Resort, we were going to drive back into the strip, (probably 5 miles +), and try out another potentially interesting eatery, but alas, it was already 8:45 p.m. and our energy level was running on empty. Hence, we opted to remain at the "M" and try out its local cuisine, --and we're so glad we did. We made arrangements to dine at "Terzetto", which boasts a wonderful oyster bar, and an interior design worthy of the cover of "Architectural Digest". (I wish we could post photos with this review). We began with a shared appetizer salad of a tomato / mozzarella caprese with spring greens and a light vinaigrette. --Very tasty. My friend ordered a rare 12 oz prime rib*, with a side of fresh sauteed brocolinni, prepared deftly and perfectly, --very nice. My entree was a combination 8 oz fillet mignon* (rare) and 8 oz lobster tail served with drawn lemon butter. Both accompanied by a side of cubed butternut squash gratinee. --All three offerings were prepared impeccably and tasted magnificently. Some beautiful deserts were presented to us, but alas, we were stuffed to the gills, --no more room. The meal was served with a buttery complex house chardonnay, which was quite acceptable. The french bread offered at the onset was one of the best I've ever tasted. * All beef served at Terzetto is raised on the owner's cattle ranch in Montana, and the quality was superb. I strongly recommend Terzetto to everyone. It is a comfortable and beautiful restaurant, with excellently prepared food. Please enjoy!!!
5	BEST Oysters Rockefeller we've EVER had.  They were large, creamy oysters, seasoned to perfection and served without one bit of shell.  We have been trying to duplicate a splendid oyster experience 14 years ago in Reno, have tried Oysters Rock everywhere, and nothing even came close until last night when our fondest memories were surpassed!  The rest of the meal was delicious, but the star, for us, was the Oysters.  Next time, I will try them on the half shell, I know I won't be disappointed!  Our new favorite restaurants are now at the M.The service was excellent, the room was beautiful and comfortable, although a bit chilly after sitting for an hour.
3	The Skinny: the appys are better than some of their entrees which suffer from overly sweet sauces and lower quality product. I never thought I'd say this but... skip the dessert. (3) service was prompt, friendly and the best feature of the night(4) value: overpriced... for the level of quality.(2)Normally my husband and I don't frequent steakhouses often but when we do, we're always looking for the classics (Caesar salad, French onion soup) with a little bit of a modern twist. We were excited by their menu featuring proteins other than beef.To start, we ordered a Caesar salad ($10) and French onion soup($8). The Caesar was a truly classic preparation and I was delighted when the waiter offered anchovies to be served on top. The flavours were on the money however was a might overdressed and needed just a tinge more lemon. Overpriced for what it is though. The soup had an intense meatiness that is rare and wonderful to find in French onion soups. The dish suffered a bit from the texture of the cheese (which wasn't soft enough and left a large glob at bottom of the bowl) and too much bread.Next plates of their rack of lamb (half rack $38) and Buffalo Rossini($48) accompanied with butternut squash gratin and green bean almondine ($7 each). The rack of lamb was amazing. Cooked perfectly with a wonderfully balanced sauce, it was by far the highlight of the evening. The truffle ratatouille didn't stand up to the protein however. Overly briny from the odd addition of olives, you couldn't really taste any truffle.As a matter of fact, the same problem occurred with the buffalo Rossini, a preparation which calls for truffles. This leads me to believe they use a less expensive Asian truffle which looks like a truffle but sure as heck don't taste like a truffle. Despite this, a tinge of truffle oil would have done in a pinch (regardless of not having any real truffle in there at all... whole different conversation.). Although the foie gras and buffalo were well executed, the sauce was way too sweet. That pretty much nailed the coffin on this dish. Both sides were okay-not particularly memorable and expensive given portion size. Dessert was less expensive than the other dishes likely due to the lack of a master pastry chef in the back ($4 for one, $7 for two, $10 for three.). Hint: the dessert menu is the same for each restaurant @ M resort. So we tried the coconut sorbet and molten chocolate cake. The sorbet and meringue lacked coconut flavour. Drowning in a large pool of mango puree didn't help either. The molten chocolate cake was overcooked leaving the outside a little harder on the outside, less luxuriously gooey on the inside. The banana gelato again lacked banana flavour. Of the three courses, dessert was the weakest.Overall the bill was around $125 excluding tax and tip. For what it is, the food is very overpriced. A 3 star review.
2	What a disappointment, Service was horrendous I took 45 minutes to get drinks to the table.  Steaks were poorly prepared and my NY was tough. Sides how ever were very tasty.  Do Not Go Here unless you only want potatoes.
5	Terzetto is a giant steakhouse inside of the M Resort with the largest amount of patio space for seating outside. The patio overlooks the giant and tranquil pool area for the hotel. After meeting the executive chef, he said he would send out an appetizer that a lot of people like to order.The Oceana appetizer had oysters, prawns, crab legs and three half's to a lobster with lobster claw meat.The salad had heirloom tomatoes, fancy lettuce and a small amount of vinaigrette surrounded by prosciutto. The 22oz bone-in dry aged rib eye was so juicy and almost as big as the plate. The bone-in steak always seems to taste better than the boneless for some reason.A trio of desserts included an ice cream pastry, a chocolate lava cake with a side of raspberries and a peanut butter and chocolate ice cream round dessert was delivered at the end. The restaurant included wonderful staff and many people checking on drinks over the two hour dinner. They kept the bread coming, some French and brown breads that had raisins with nuts.The steak comes from the Marnell family ranch and the peanut butter dessert is a Marnell family favorite. The butter comes with a sprinkle of salt on top, drizzled with olive oil.The booth seating next to the windows are big and half rounded. Thanks to M Resort for treating me to a tasty evening.
4	Gf and I just finished an exhausting kayaking expedition down underneath the Hoover dam.  We were so sore and tired. Initially we planned to go to the Buffet but the line was insanely long. We came here instead and were pleasantly surprised. Michael our waiter was perfect.  There is a fine line between being attending and then annoyingly intrusive. A person pet peeve is when they come up and ask how everything is when your mouth is totally full.  We got the prime rib and rib eye both cook perfectly.  Not the best I've ever had good quality meat.  Best sides were the scalloped potatoes and mushrooms. As a testament to the beef we were not sore the next morning at all. I am pretty sure the beef healed me. Praise Jesus.
3	We went here for our anniversary as my wife wanted a good steak.  I must say the steaks were ok at best.  This being that i ordered from the special Marnell ranch steaks.  The  wine ofered was great, but Billy the server did tell me it was $25 a glass and charged me $30 for the glass.  A little sneaky if you ask me.The Apps were out of this world.  I had the BLT soup and mini grilled cheese which was amazing. Her salad was OK at best, as a matter of fact she had the special salad and when it was delivered the server could barely tell us what vinegrette was drizzled on it.As i said the steaks were ok and some of the sides were great.  The bacon cheddar tater tots were different and goood.  Who would of thought to shape hash browns into tater tot shapes and stuffed with bacon and cheddar.All in all it was a good meal.  For a final tab of over $200 for two of us it was just ok.  I would return for some special occation but would not go out of my way to dine here.  Service was 3 stars, steaks were 3 stars and all apps and sides were 4.5 stars.
1	10/2/10:  Oysters tasted funny, but didnt think much of it.  Had full course meal.  6 hrs later food poisening.  Take your chances with Terzetto... :-(
5	Oh gosh... did we REALLY have to come gorge on MORE food right after Thanksgiving??  Well at least I ate fish... and BLT soup with grilled cheese, tater tots... 4 pieces of bread with butter... $%&*This was my first time at the M Resort.  Very far away from the strip... the rest of Vegas.  Considered a "local casino", this hotel was very clean and chic.  I especially LOVE their pool area which gives Terzetto such a wonderful view.I loved the BLT soup with grilled cheese and I was very please with the Opakapaka (hawaiian red snapper).  The portion was pretty big but it was very light. The side of tater tots was very crunchy and delicious :)My boyfriends prime rib was... a-ok.  The creamy horseradish sauce was money!
4	Good food, cool setting, fantastic prices.  Everything you expect from a restaurant at a locals casino.Eaten here several times.  Starters speak for themselves.  Simple.Steaks are all aged and well trimmed and at $20 less than most places on the strip, well worth it.Sides are straight forward.  Portions are large so be sure to share.  The standout is the oyster bar.  The bouillabaisse and cioppino are to die for.  Huge pieces of fish, perfectly cooked crab, mussels, and clams.  A great deal at less than $25.  Really worth it.Service is as friendly or as stuffy as you make it.  Its a locals place so be social and don't be a jerk.Only caveat, its hard to justify ordering the simple seafood items like crab legs or lobster tails when you know the buffet at the M serves them as well at a much better price.Still though, a great place to dine at the M.
5	I absolutely loved this place. It was worth every ounce of curiosity that I had about the place!The staff is awesome, the drinks are reasonable, the casino is pretty sweet, and the food......oh the food is always the best part.I honestly do not think that there's a solitary thing on the menu that you could order that wouldn't make your mouth water when you thought about the food again.I highly recommend the M family NY strip steak with mac&cheese, mashed potatoes, green beans, and carrots. Granted you will need 2-3 more people and to go boxes to deal with all the remaining food from your side orders, but you don't want to miss out on any of it. I WILL be heading back here again as soon as I get the chance.For a fine dining restaurant, this is probably one of the best values for you buck that I've stumbled across in this town while sober or Vegas-ed out.
2	If you go on some kind of comp or half off special, it's ok. If they expect to get their menu asking price they better train their staff accordingly and step up their food quality.My advice is go upstairs to Veloce Cibo for better food and amazing view for about the same money.
1	We came to Vegas and we came here to eat for the fifth time. We actually came for the M Buffet (several times) and EVERY SINGLE TIME, the line was crazy so we ended up eating here at TERZETTO.  We ordered the Alaskan King Crab, and have been ordering that every single time... So we KNOW how it's supposed to look / taste / everything!  It's supposed to be 2 lbs of huge crab legs (about 6-7 pieces).  AND it freakin costs $65 a plate.  And we went again this past weekend, and wanted to eat here ~ for the King Crab legs.  Some dinky ass shit comes out that looks about 3/4 of the size that it normally is.  We complained and got it taken off the bill, but the principle of the matter is that they think they can try and cheat their customers and get away with it!  We felt mistreated, and the reason we liked going there was because it is supposed to be a fancy shmancy restaurant.  We did not expect that from there.  Just letting everyone know. Feel free to msg me for details if you really want to know.  I seriously hate this place now! :T
4	Insane value if you play here and use your Point Comps.  1/2 Off and the food is already reasonable without any discounts.Definitely a great seafood/steak fine dining option if you want to avoid driving all the way to the strip but want to still sulk in a 5 star experience. There's not many places you can get a huge heaping bowl of seafood goodness with their Cioppino and Bouillabaise.  Also got the mussels diavlo, steamed manila clams, and their ceviche.  Everything was great -- If you play here, take advantage of their 1/2 off before it runs out - Will be back!
5	The Oyster bar is amazing
4	My boyfriend and I went to Terzetto to celebrate Valentine's Day and we really enjoyed our meal! We each ordered steak that was from their Prime beef menu since my friend highly recommended it. That was definitely a good move. The steaks were so tender, flavorful and big enough to serve two! We had so much food left over. We also ordered a side of their scalloped potatoes and they were great as well. Dessert was good, not great, but their Bailey's Coffee was delicious! We also had an amazing bottle of wine and great service.
5	Stellar service. Great food. Nice ambience. Extraordinary atmosphere. delicious and extremely tasty menu. Highly recommended!
5	Words cannot describe how amazing the steak is at Terzetto. That bad boy costed right around $50.00 and was worth every penny. It was 22 oz, well done, and so tender you that you could literally cut it with a butter knife. There was some sort of sweet yet tasty buttery sauce that was served with it also and just enhanced the flavor of the steak. It's still the best steak I've ever had to this day.  My husband and I came here last year for our honeymoon and we were staying at the M Resort (which is where Terzetto is located) and dined here at around 10:45 because we were coming off the road and we were starvin'. The restaurant closed at 11 pm, yet the staff was really friendly and had no problem serving and accommodating us at the very last minute. We weren't rushed at all and everything we ate and drank was made to perfection. Kudos to the M for having some of the best restaurants and buffets to dine at.
