4	This place is a bit hidden, but it's a great place to snag a quick drink if you're going to be in the area anyway since it's next to Axis/Radius and Suede. I haven't sampled the food here, but browsing the menu I'd say the prices are a bit high for my budget. They do have bargain snacks late nights though for those of you who like to party at the nearby dance clubs. There's not much I can complain about here - I was treated nice, the seats were comfy, and the drink was tasty. I don't know that it would be my type of place to grab a drink, but I'm more of a British Open Pub sort of guy... this place is a bit fancy and more pricey than I'm into - I'm actually afraid that this place and others like it are going to have hard times ahead with the recession... we'll see. It's a nice area of downtown and it's a nice bar. Make it your starting/meeting point or your final destination... and sample the food and let me know if it's any good - the bartender told me it's excellent.
3	The only reason I gave this place 3 stars is a friend of a friend is part owner, and I respect that.It's not my scene, and that I know, but decided to check it out since I was offered discounted drinks and food. How can you turn that down even in Old Town?Still suffering from a hang over from the night before I order a gin and tonic, which is a sign I feel like shit. The drinks were nicely pored, and I can't say that's a norm, because I sorta had a connection here. I was a little hungry and split a chicken quesadilla with my friend, it was mediocre and boring. No flare, just straight up bland looking.  I immediately thought, "why not throw a little diced cilantro and red bell pepper on top for color?"The crowd here is what you expect in old town, and the music is just rap and hip hop. I mean, this place can be cool, I think they should shoot for a lounge feeling with cool jazz and mellow music, and let the clubs do the club thing I think this is a starter place for most Scottsdillians prior to hitting Old Town and it's very small and quaint, so one douchebag can ruin the entire place. I can see the potential of this place, and respect it, however it's truly not my thing.
4	Cin Cin pronounced CHIN CHIN which means cheers in Italian!  This is a great little bistro type lounge. It is a posh little lounge with unique little decorations and a small patio great for small groups.The food here is excellent the service is good and this place is never real busy so it is a nice place to enjoy a quick bite before you do the club scene so you don't get extremely wasted on an empty stomach, a great little starter place for you and some friends.The location is great too, right across from the W and and down the street from Axis N Radius, Suede, and PCL. This is definitely a good spot to meet at for before binge drinking in old town. I got a bottle of Pelgrino water and the stuff portabello mushroom, with the vinaigrette spinach. This was excellent probably one of the better portabello mushroom meals I have eaten around the valley.
4	My buddy was DJing on Saturday night at Cin Cin so I headed out with some friends.  I had already ate so just got some drinks which were poured very kindly.  One of my friends got a penne pasta with chicken and chipotle sauce that he said was good and very spicy.  There was a decent crowd all night then at 2am a huge amount of people came in and it was really going for about an hour and a half till closing time.  Overall a cool little restaurant/club.
4	As I read through some of the reviews of this great little place I am going to make a correction to someone elses' observations.  First let me begin with the fact that yes, there is a bouncer at the door who is very respectful and friendly.   That alone is a wonderful welcome.  No goon!!!The atmosphere is open yet there is a patio and seating area outside of the music to enjoy a meal, appetizer, drink and a conversation without having to struggle to do so if you choose.  Bar staff very friendly and efficient.  Offered glasses of water at no charge afterhours.  When is the last time you were in a lounge that didn't want to charge you $5.00 for water?!The music and dance area has loads of seating with very open chill space.  Food can be ordered in that area as well. The aromas of the food are devine however I have not sampled the menu as of yet.   I have noticed many food items out to other patrons that look delicious.The music is NOT the regular same old tired Hip Hop that is the norm in most clubs.   Underground house, progressive house and some trance. Live Dj's ( local) and taped as well.   I like to say more "grown up" music than other establishments around.  Great place to spend another hour or so before heading home after all the other clubs have chased their patrons out to the curb and locked up at 2am. THIS is just what Scottsdale needed. Late night, food, afterhours and great little lounge.
1	is it a restaurant or a bar? i am not sure. we went there late night because we asked around and it was one of the few places that still advertised having a kitchen open, it seemed like over 70% of the menu was "sold out"......sold out form last week? we looked around the restaurant to see what everyone one was eating and it looked like food from everywhere in old town except cin cin kitchen. Joe's pizza looked good 2 guests were enjoying it and another table was eating cheesesteaks so we went to Philly Sandwich and wrote that place off as a huge waste of time. attn. owner- spend less on the bouncing staff (gorillas) and put the money into keeping your kitchen stocked, would have loved to try the food....... if there was any....i can get a 9 dollar G&T any where in oldtown
