5	This is my favorite hotel I've ever stayed in.  It's a new hotel and the facilities are great.  The lounge area is large and there are plenty of tables.  Homewood Suites provides free hot and continental breakfast everyday and dinner Monday through Thursday.The fitness room is your standard hotel gym.  There are two treadmills, an elliptical, and weights.  However, the machines are brand new and all have touch-screen capabilities with a built in TV.  Awesome.The rooms are HUGE.  They're bigger than the living room in my apartment!  All have large flat screen TVs.  The showers are walk-in and the closet is decent size.  The kitchenette is stacked with dishes, pitchers, pots, pans, bowls, anything you could need!I HIGHLY recommend Homewood Suites if you are staying in Champaign.
1	Amanda I couldn't disagree more.  This is probably the most overpriced and poorly run hotel in Champaign.  I stayed here with my family and the walls were paper thin.  We heard people snoring in the next room.  We were also awoken at 3:30am by a fire alarm.   Apparently someone was smoking in a hallway and the alarm went off.  Everyone was forced to evacuate the building.  The rooms are advertised as suites, but ours was not a suite.  When we noticed that many of the other rooms were suites, we asked if we were paying a less rate for our smaller room.  The manager said all room rates are the same, which doesn't make sense since we had a basic hotel room.  $199 is very pricey for Champaign, especially when you're not "guaranteed" parking.  We also inquired about staying there next year and they said their rates would jump from the current rate to $259.  When my mom asked why they simply stated "because they can".  Really nice service!  We'll be staying elsewhere from now on.
5	Extremely awesome!!!  I think that the designers of this hotel did an excellent job!  All the materials used are so well put together - impressive!  The bed, comforter and pillows are as nice as it gets - bar none!  The kitchen in the suite was beautiful - full refrigerator, mini stove, microwave and real dishes, glasses and utensils.  I wish my kitchen at home was just like this!!!The lobby and breakfast areas are beautiful and large.  The hot breakfast is very nice and there is plenty of room to enjoy your breakfast without being on top of your neighbor!My kids said the pool has a bit much chlorine but they enjoyed it anyway.  Everything is wonderfully clean and all the workers has smiles and were very pleasant!Can you tell I enjoyed my stay?  Staying at this Homewood Suites is one of the real treats in Champaign.  Oh yeah, down the street and around the corner is an old fashioned ice cream custard place called Jarlings.  If the weather is warm - treat yourself - my son had a banana split snowstorm and I had a turtle sundae - they were great!
5	Stayed here during a recent visit to Champaign and was impressed. Extremely friendly hotel staff, well appointed rooms (free wi-fi, flat panel tv, desk, full kitchen with dishes and cookware, etc), GREAT breakfast, nice pool. Most important, the beds are extremely comfortable. We paid $94 a night for a suite thanks to a back to school promotion.We'll be back. Thanks!
5	I guess I wasn't expecting much, but this hotel blew me away! The rooms have kitchenettes--complete with a full-sized fridge, electric stove top, pots and pans, and a dishwasher!  Also, they slid a complementary newspaper beneath the door in the morning--what a nice surprise (so what if it was USA Today).The beds are amazing.  Big, lofty, with fluffy pillows--four ladies split two beds, and the couch, in the kitchenette room, could have fit two more. The bathroom is large, and inside is a little placard saying the hotel will give you any toiletries you may have forgotten on your trip.The complementary breakfast was the best I've had at a hotel--buffet style with the most amazing hash brown casserole.  Also, M-Th they have a free dinner--including, get ready for it, free wine and/or beer.I didn't try the pool, but if it is like the rest of the hotel it is super clean.Everyone was very accommodating.  This hotel would be good for families, couples, groups, and long stays.
5	Wow!  What don't you get at this Embassy Suites.  THey have everything!  From free breakfast, dinner to free current movies with DVD players in the room.  THe staff was extremely helpful and friendly.  Plus, if you use the gym, you have the option to stay there, or use the Hilton Garden Inn's next store.  Close to downtown and decent wi-fi...No complaints here!
4	Very nice stay.  The room was comfortable and the staff competent.  The breakfast was decent.  They had soy milk which was nice.
4	Highly recommended if you're in Champaign.  This is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in at this price range.NICE ROOMS:- Great sleep-related items including tons of soft pillows, a comforter, and a comfortable couch in addition to the large bed.- TV with more channels than I could watch.  I spent too long in the room watching My Name Is Earl reruns.  :(  There's a DVD player too if you have DVDs.- The kitchen was reasonably large with pots/pans/plates, a fridge, and a dishwasher, everything you need to cook yourself something except the groceries.- Large bathroom and shower area, with a classy sink area out in the main room.- Daily cleaning at a reasonable hour (I've been in other places where they come by at like 9 AM, devastating).NICE EXTRAS:- Very friendly, available, and helpful staff.  Check-in and check-out was super fast.  I accidentally busted my room key a few times and they replaced it each time without any judgement even though it was pretty much my fault.  Other staff smiled and said hi whenever I walked into the hotel or as I passed them in the hall.- Free continental breakfast and dinner.- Included wireless internet, which was fairly speedy for a hotel connection.- I kept walking by a really nice indoor pool on the way to my room.  It closes pretty early but I would have brought a swimsuit had I known.  There's a small gym too.- Nice set of freebies in the room including the normal shampoo and soap but also stuff like popcorn, coffee, and a daily copy of USA Today (which I just threw away, sad).- Decent location.THE BAD:- The food's nothing to write home about -- roughly McDonald's quality -- but it could be worse.- The parking can be tight, which is sucky when it gets cold and you need to walk a bit to get inside.- If your visit involves visiting UIUC, there are other hotels that are closer to campus.
5	I'm typically a Hampton kinda guy, but, let me tell you, Homewood Suites knows what's up!  First of all, the staff here was amazing, maybe the nicest people I've ever come across.  Even the maintenance guy went out of his way while I was in the gym to let me know about the much larger and nicer gym at the adjacent Hilton Garden Inn (which is free to use).  Rooms are pretty big, beds are nice, nice full shower (with good water pressure)--really couldn't ask for anything more from a hotel room.  But here's the kicker:  FREE dinner at night with included beer and wine.  While I didn't partake, I did stop in for a little post-workout snack and it seemed pretty legit.  The breakfast here is also pretty solid--it makes Hampton breakfasts look as if they were cooked in an Easy-Bake oven.  When priced comparably, I'll take a Homewood over Hampton, HGI, or Embassy any time!
5	We have stayed here several times and for an extended period of time.  Parking does get tight at times, especially if there is a function at the next door Garden Inn.  Clean, comfortable rooms with a bigger sized fridge in the kitchenette area.  I never had issues with noise any time I have stayed here.  The manager, Donna is wonderful!!  The rest of the staff was polite, and I don't know how they found out it was my birthday but I had a gift bag at the front desk waiting for me!  It could have been because we had stayed here several times.  The beds are super comfy and the pull out sofa isn't as bad as most I have encountered.  Not too far from UIUC, so it's a good location for those visiting their kids.  There is a Jarling's Custard Cup(pricey but very good,IMO) across the street, a Walgreens, coffee place, Subway and Pizza place in the same complex.  The dinner is wonderful!  The breakfast area can get very busy in the morning.  You will find cereal, oatmeal, toast, bagels, a waffle iron to make your own waffles, pastries and sometimes eggs, or omlets, bacon or sausage patties, etc.
5	This place is surprisingly nice in so many ways.Actually, it's more like $107 worth of free breakfast, free dinner, and endless self-serve draft beer and bottled wine from 5-7 pm.And a relatively fancy place to pass out in.
4	After our stay at the Homewood Suites in Champaign, I'm positive that my wife and I will not be staying anywhere else when we are in the area. As the first stop in our summer road trip, my wife and I stopped in Champaign to see the campus, our old stomping grounds, and one of our friends that still lived down there. We were very pleasantly surprised by how nice the Homewood Suites were. Our room had Flat-screen TV's and DVD players, a full fridge, stove, and a dishwasher. Breakfast and dinner were complimentary with draft beer and wine! It was just a great place and I highly recommend it for any visiting Champaign-Urbana.
5	If you are looking for an EXTENDED STAY property that really makes you feel at home.... look no further!  The location being just a few blocks to the University of Illinois campus, walking distance to restaurants, stores and more.... PLUS hands down this place is the cleanest hotel property I have ever stayed in!  My Husband and I are on a temp assignment here for 3 to 6 months and we are thrilled that we chose this hotel.  They provide an incredible hot full service breakfast every morning..... and a FULL (not snack type) dinner Monday through Thursday nights which include unlimited beer and wine.  The heated pool, hot tub and fitness room are kept spotless.  I was not paid to provide this review nor am I related to any of the awesome employees here - this is a real review of someone that has been blessed to stay in hundreds of hotels around the world and I can honestly review this one as TOP OF THE LINE!!!  Even though it is set up with fully furnished apartment type rooms that work great for extended stay - the also rent the rooms by the night as well.  Check them out - you will NOT be disappointed!
4	It's your typical, cozy, good'ol Homewood Suites. Check-in: great friendly staff. very fast, efficient check-in. Small DVD library to take with you for the evening.Room: spacious, clean. a typical HWS lay-out. I'm not a fan of the bedding (wish it was a nice comforter, but it's a duvet cover, one of those felt blanket things, and flat sheets). The bedroom has a ceiling fan. Clean bathroom, tub-shower, and moderately powerful hairdryer.Morning/evening reception: Limited menu, but I think I only think this way because I've been spoiled by a HWS in Wichita that goes all out. Compared to other HWS, this one is up to par. Gym: Very small- 2 treadmills, 1 eliptical, 1 bike and free weights. There are a couple of mats, but not enough space to actually use the mats when the gym is full. But it's got what you need for a workout on the road.Parking: free surface parking.
5	This hotel offered great service and my all time favorite Hilton tradition .. open bar and dining from 5-7.  Great food for both dinner and breakfast.Clean rooms with kitchenettes.  Great layout.  All in all, a great hotel and a great experience!
1	We wish we had read the reviews more closely...Since we are not college students (and this is a college town), free mediocre food and booze, and packing as many people into a suite as possible are not our first priorities. You will notice that most of these reviews here focus on these things (for example, this review from 6/2011):"...it's more like $107 worth of free breakfast, free dinner, and endless self-serve draft beer and bottled wine from 5-7 pm. And a relatively fancy place to pass out in."For us (travelers in our 40s and 50s), getting a good-night's sleep and having professional staff/service is more important. We had neither during our stay. For example, a front desk clerk called us at 11pm at night, to "reconcile" a charge with our room. Since we'd had a 12-hour+ driving day in stressful winter conditions, we'd turned in around 10pm. Now, if you know anything about hotel landlines, you know they sound like a fire alarm going off (they are designed for "wake-up" calls). Her call shocked us awake, disturbed our sleep, and the next day we were exhausted. Bear in mind, this is just one example of the poor service we received - there were quite a few others.We won't be returning to this or any Hilton property. Will be staying with the ever-dependable and high-quality Marriott brand from now on.
5	This hotel is AMAZING!! So many great things to say. The staff is awesome! They cater to your every need with a smile. Very polite & respectful. The rooms are like studio apartments. Kitchen, living room, bed & bathroom. Bed was very comfortable! Slept awesome. I could probably live here & be happy!! I knew they had free breakfast, which was delicious, but when I found out there was dinner too, I was pleasantly surprised! Brats & peppers?? Yes please! They even had veggie burgers for non-meat eaters. Beer & wine was also included. Pool & hot tub were very clean & cozy too! The hot tub was not very hot so the staff allowed us to use the Hilton's next door. Very kind of them! They made me feel like a princess! This is the place to stay. You get way more than you're paying for. Check it out!!
5	This hotel saved our vacation. We were staying in Champaign during the 4th of July week with family, and when quarters got too cramped and overwhelming staying with them (baby had an ear infection), we checked into this hotel. What a breath of fresh air! It was absolutely beautiful inside, with a full kitchenette, dishwasher, stovetop, microwave, and fridge. Seperate bedroom from the living area which we needed for baby to go to bed early. When we checked in, the wonderful front desk employee, Drae, not only greeted us with a smile but went out of his way to make sure we had everything we needed. I was exhausted after 2 days with a sick baby, and he gave her duckies for the bathtub, offered baby books to read to her, and then when I came back down later to grab a drink and something to eat from the store, he even offered to run over to Walgreens for me and pick up a 6 pack because I said I needed a drink after all that! (I didn't take him up on it, but it was so nice of him to offer) He even offered advice on how to help soothe baby with her first ear infection, having kids of his own. We ended up staying for 3 nights, and the last night was the 4th of July. We were too tired to go over to watch the fireworks, but imagine our delight when the ENTIRE fireworks display was in perfect view from our sitting room window. My husband and I cracked a couple of beers and enjoyed the show, while baby snoozed away in the crib in the bedroom. The parking lot below was packed with people coming to watch the show from there - so the locals must know its an ideal spot!The pool was small but served our purpose - to take baby in for a quick dip. It was nice warm water, too. We could not have been happier with this hotel. We will definitely stay here next time we're in town! It is pricier but worth every penny.The only weird thing - we found a pair of female underwear in the back of our toilet tank. Must have been from a previous guest, and we didn't notice until day 2 when the toilet wouldn't flush. It was kind of hilarious, we were all taking guesses on how the heck they got there, but still, being someone else's underwear it was a little gross. Ha!
3	We recently stayed at Homewood Suites, Champaign, between September 14 through October 24, and between October 18 through 24.  We have stayed at Homewood in Champaign for approximately 21 to 30 days each year for many, many years.  We make our reservations usually one year in advance of each stay.  We have had two requests:  (1) the rooms connect; (2) the rooms not be on the first floor.  Until our last two trips, Homewood has accommodated our requests, and we have unhesitatingly recommended Homewood to others.Before departing for our September trip this year, we contacted Homewood to make certain that we would have the accommodations of our choice, and were assured that we would.  When we arrived, we found that the only connecting rooms were on the first floor, so we ended up with adjacent rooms on the fourth floor.Before departing for our October trip this year, we spoke with the hotel regarding our room requests and were told there would be no problem   When we arrived, we were told there were no connecting rooms and there were no adjacent rooms.  We ended up with rooms that did not meet our expectations. There has been a change in attitude by the desk/management staff at Homewood (the exception is the housekeeping staff, which still always has a smile and strives to please guests).  No longer is there the attitude that everything will be done to accommodate the guests, instead it seems more of an attitude that, "....we're busy, and you are lucky to have a room."  Gone is the guest-pleasing attitude that used to permeate Homewood.
