3	This was formerly Lee's Buffet and before that it was New China Buffet.It has had many name changes but ,unfortunately,the food seems to continuously remain the same quality.They claim to be under new ownership but the food seems to be suspiciously similar,if not virtually identical,to what used to be served at Lee's Buffet.I ate lunch here on October 22 and it wasn't real bad;there are other Chinese buffets worse than this.The problem is it wasn't real great either.If distance and travel time weren't factors,there are definitely other buffets I would choose before this one.As always,Krazy Buffet on Sahara and Cimarron comes to mind.It is my favorite Chinese buffet in Las Vegas.But back to the newly named Vegas Buffet.I hope they don't fall into the same pattern of repeated health code violations that constantly seem to plague this restaurant regardless of it's name.I wish them luck but the health inspectors will be keeping a VERY close eye on this place based on their past history.I guess only time will tell.Good luck,Vegas Buffet.
3	Good selection of seafood dishes, mostly Asian dishes.Clean dining room, friendly staff, good service. We'll be back.
1	How do you mess up rice? Seriously, you're an Asian buffet.Most of the food was not very good. The one exception being the delicious coconut shrimp My spoon was dirty and so were 2 of the plates I picked up.Very cheap price but you get what you pay for.
5	I use to go there with my parents when it was Lee's Buffet. I have to say the food is a lot better. I went as soon as it opened for the day. Everything was fresh. The sushi was freshly made the main dishes were nice and hot. Great selection. I've lived in Vegas my whole life and I have definitely had my share in buffets. So when I say Vegas Buffet is a go too buffet I mean it. I've take plenty of guests here and they've all said the same. Will always come here when I'm in the area looking for food.
3	I first ate here when it was Lee's Buffet and wasn't overly impressed. Then it closed down for some violations, but I went back after it reopened....and still wasn't that impressed. When it closed again, I just shook my head. But it reopened as the Vegas Buffet and after a few months, I got curious. So I had lunch there today. It is an acceptable Asian Buffet, much like Krazy Buffet and Buffet of Asia. What will bring me back here are the cucumber salad, the potato salad, and the banana bread pudding. The cucumber salad was tasty, but not too tart. The potato salad was simple with nice big chunks of potato and just enough dill sauce. And the banana pudding had small chunks of crunchy bread and a dollop of whipped cream--yummy!
4	Visited this buffet restaurant three times between December 15 and 22nd 2014, once for dinner and twice lunch. I found their food excellent, lot of choices to pick from, they brought fresh food in constantly. I don't understand often the negative comments people sometimes have on restaurants that are completely unwarranted in my opinion. Sometimes I wonder if they are objective or just wants to air some grievance and write negative. There are dozens of choices, try to tell me nothing was good at all. About food being cold, no idea when that was because every time I had a problem taking photo's due to the hot steam under the tray to keep the food warm!!    I tried the hibachi/grill food too, picked some simple ingredients and the end result was not bad at all. Only thing I don't understand is the jar for tips there.The service was excellent whenever my wife and I were there. If the food there was so bad then I wonder why Chinese travel agencies from China end up there with their tourist in busloads!! I have eaten in most of the hotels on the strip for buffet and laying out $30-$60 a person for a buffet, but this restaurant with their prices doesn't have to hold their head down for the quality of their food, so they have no Italian,American or Mexican food, it's Chinese buffet and they compare damn good with the other. I'm not from Las Vegas, I have traveled and eaten all over the world so it's not that I'm not able to compare restaurants, in fact I keep a small special notebook with me where I put the business cards in and write my opinion about service and food. If they have a takeout order sheet I take that too just to compare different restaurants and their prices.I gave them 4 stars and not 5 due to the fact that each restaurant can have an improvement somewhere, somehow, of the hundreds of restaurants that I visited there are maybe a handful that have the 5 stars.I have to do a correction here, as mentioned everything was fantastic except it seems I have to agree with Travis B. concerning the rice, I did not eat the white rice, eat it every day at home so why should I have it in a restaurant, my wife however had it and she informed me that the rice was sticky and burnt, poor quality of rice.
4	I guess  I got lucky ;/  Clean, got seated, got served right away. I tried to find the hot food that was cold... but could not?  Same for the dirty plates? Nice Americanized Chinese buffet. Good selection of sushi. This won't be my last time here.
3	It bills itself as a seafood buffet. There is some seafood, some basic sushi (mostly the "rolls"), pizza and such. Quite a few varieties of seafood though and the price is only $9.20 for lunch. Watch the Val-pack envelope in the mail for the 15% off. They start serving dinner (more expensive) at 4pm. I was just leaving but I noticed that for dinner they put out some kind of large roast, some crab legs (not split), and I do not know for sure what else. Lunch was good and the price includes a soft drink
