5	Every time my family comes to Arizona we stay at this hotel.i like this hotel. the staff is super nice. the place is nice and cozy. makes you feel like youre at home. they have a lobby where everyone hangs out and talks. free wi-fi. a computer you can use. books you can borrow and read. a wonderful breakfast in the morning. and its right next to a shopping center. target and ross on the other side along with a lot of good places/choices to eat at.their rooms are also decent. definitely love coming to this hotel while im arizona. totally recommend this place if you ever come and visit phoenix.
4	Right off the weird little freeway that is AZ101 Business Loop (also called W. Beardlsey Rd.)  is the Deer Valley Village that is home to Country Inn & Suites. We stayed 2 nights and had a very peaceful, hassle-free and even quite nice stay in one of their mid-price suites (a fold-out couch + 2 Queen beds and kitchenette area). The Continental Breakfast Buffet is reason enough (in my book) to book a stay here. With an ever present supply of coffee, fresh oranges, apples and chocolate chip cookies on hand at all times for the rest of the day.Here are my roses and thorns for the place:Roses:+Pool Area nicely gated and access to lobby restricted to those with a hotel keycard.+QUIET. Oh so very quiet!+Diligent housekeeping.+Cynthia at the front desk was very kind to my children even cutting them some oranges for a snack one evening.+Parking is easy+Close to low-key shopping like Ross and Michael's plus a movie theater.+Wifi.+Clean. Very Clean.+ Public restrooms in the lobby near the meeting area. I noticed a beat cop stopping in to partake of them- extra security!Thorns:-The hot water is atrociously slow to warm- a waste of water.-The vending machines in the lobby are very persnickety with one not taking dimes and also requiring exact change. Not such a big deal if there were a source of change somewhere (the front desk not so much).-2 of their channels are seemingly disconnected from the cable and if you stumble upon them while channel surfing they blare static into the room at above normal volume which is disruptive and wakes sleeping toddlers (as it did mine).-My Yelp check-in offer was only good for their base priced room :( Not ALL rooms as some Yelpers seem to have suggested.-Very paired down soap, shampoo conditioner - no extras like mouthwash or shower caps. Maybe if requested?-Their tragically scratchy, mustard colored nylon duvet covers (blech). And outdated wallpaper while we're on the subject.All in all though, it was a pleasant experience and if I found myself in Phoenix I would stay there again as it is freeway close and allows for easy access to any direction in the city you might find yourself needing to go. Families should bookmark Castles & Coasters, The Phoenix Zoo & Arrowhead Mall as nearby destinations of choice.
5	I love Country Inn. I've stayed at one in Plymouth, MN and this one in Deer Valley and I love that every room is set up exactly the same no matter where you go. When you're always traveling, it's nice to have some things remain the same so you have a bit or normalcy.The beds are very comfortable. The rooms are clean. The bathroom is spacious with lots of counter space and they provide you with ample towels and extra pillows and blankets when needed.  I've stayed in their one bedroom suites and their standard room. Of course, the suite was much more spacious with a small sink in the room. The suite has two separate rooms. The living room area has a pull out bed and tv with office desk for doing work. Loved that!The standard room has a small microwave and fridge for your convenience and an office desk for working as well. Free wifi, another plus.There is a pool and jacuzzi outside. Laundry facilities. Fitness room which was adequate for your regular gym rat. No power lifting equipment. Get your fresh baked cookies, coffee, tea, hot cocoa, and fresh fruit 24 hours a day. During the colder months, they have a cozy fireplace in the lobby with books to read if you're into that. Again, being from Hawaii, I did sit by the fireplace for a bit just because.The location is convenient to the strip mall right across the freeway where theres a Chick Fil A! We don't have any of the restaurants at this mall in Hawaii so that was a huge plus for me!There's even a movie theater there as well to help keep you occupied if you're bored.I will definitely stay here if I'm ever in the area again. Get your Club Carlson membership and earn points for your stay. P.S. The GM is originally from Hawaii. Love it!! Spread that Aloha spirit!
