5	The best dry cleaners I have ever used!  I was on the lookout for a new dry cleaners because I was so unhappy with the one I was using. The owners, Curtis and Ha are extemely pleasant and helpful.   My clothes look better than new!  Pricing is reasonable and alterations available.And they always have bottled water, coffee and treats for the clientele.  They go the extra mile and your clothes show it!!!
5	I am very impressed with the work they did on my shirts and linen jacket I dropped off. I even saved a ton of cash because they are a lot lower than Al Phillips and maybe even better quality dry cleaning.  I love their friendliness too!
5	Great place would definitely would recommend to others!
5	Customer Service is always amazing. I really like how this business is eco-friendly and their prices are very reasonable. This is the best dry cleaners to go to for your clothes. I highly recommend it.
5	I love this place. They really work fast. I was caught off guard if I wanted to pick up the next day unlike my previous dry cleaner made me wait three days. The alternations are very clean and well done. The staff there is super friendly and professional. Plus free water bottle; perfect for hot summer days in Vegas!
5	After reading the reviews of the cleaners closest to my house I decided to look for another dry cleaners and I was so happy to have found this family run business; I was nervous on my first trip as the elderly woman working the counter didn't speak English that well and my probing questions on how they treat their clothes and how long the turnaround was etc was a bit too much for her but once her son came over he was able to make me feel positive I was making the correct decision leaving my clothes with them. When I picked them up they were clean and fresh; I was dropping off some pants and the same lady asked if I would mind if she hemmed the cuffs up for me so I wouldn't be walking on them.  I said sure and started to step around the counter so they could measure the inseam and what not but she said that was not necessary and she could do it by eye....hmm "ancient Chinese secret" I presume; I gave her the green light for one pair of pants and was worried all week.  What I received was a beautifully hemmed pair of paints missing the Vegas street stains that had collected while I dragged them all over town. I ended up taking in all my pants for this treatment and have been similarly impressed every time;  I asked them to change a button out of one of my shirts and they explained they didn't carry that type of button but did recommend a few stores in town where I could try to find a replacement. Haven't done that yet but will be soon. They also give you fee bottled water if you are a paying customer; I haven't been this happy with a dry cleaners since moving from Omaha.  As long as I live nearby I will be using this Dry Cleaners forever.
5	This place is TOP Notch!I had a little black dress then needed some TLC and I hesitantly took it to Green Cleaners since my boyfriend said they were the best and he had used them for years. I was so happy with the work they did! A new hem and mended slip in the back was only $18. I would of gladly paid $30 for the awesome job they did. They are also fast, 24 hours later they had 30 dress shirts, 2 suits, and my dress done for $86 total. The staff was really friendly and they offer ice cold bottled water which was so refreshing in the 110 degree Vegas heat.
5	I had to make a last minute business trip and needed several items dry cleaned over night, including a formal gown. Their prices are great and the service is exceptional. They even reinforced some buttons and button holes at no extra charge; added value I didn't expect and needed.We had to drive out of our way and it was worth it. They answered the phone every time I called; I made contact before arriving in Vegas. When I called others, most did not answer or weren't listed.Wish they were in my area.
1	DO NOT GO HERE.   They are great until there is a problem.  My  comforter was  BURNED and neatly packed. Brought it back and was told to leave it there to be looked over because I might've burned it myself, and they'll get back to me. I have to come 14 miles one way so I asked her to call him but she didn't have any sort of contact number. She then says she does not know her managers name nor the owner's name because she just works there, and sees them whenever they show up.   Sounds absolutely ridiculous, I know. There wasn't even a business card, so I left my contact info for a call back which I never received.  They play dumb and it is frustrating  and unprofessional.  My comforter also has a strong lingering perfume scent that I can't get rid of.  Poor customer satisfaction, and they don't care how you feel about it, they just take your money!
4	A five star rating for their drycleaning quality and 4 stars for their prices.  Not the cheapest, but relatively cheap nonetheless.  Fast turnaround.Definitely my go to place now.We'll see if this continues.
5	I have been going to this dry cleaning since I moved to Vegas and They opened around the same time back in 2009. They are amazing, they always know what I want and when I need my stuff ready. They have never ruined anything of mine. The owners are there almost everyday and know me personally. They treat me like family and I am only a customer. Anyone That rings me up knows me so they don't need to ask for my info ever. I have had items hemmed and altered and they have always done a great job. I would definitely recommend them! They rock!
4	I love this cleaners and have been going to it since a friend recommended them. They are always so nice and can get some of the toughest stains out (they of course say they will try but have always gotten out some tough stains on dresses that I have had). They have free cold bottled water in their refrigerator that they offer to customers. They also do good tailoring.
5	This is an on-premises dry cleaner, meaning your clothes are not shipped off to some big central laundry and back. On-premises cleaners are the only cleaners you should consider using. This is one. Great prices, apparently, since when I told my wife what it cost for our shirts and pants and sweaters she yelled, "THAT'S IT? THAT'S AWESOME!" so I'll take that as a good sign.Nice people working there, very helpful and worked with me on one occasion to get something cleaned same day. My new go-to cleaners. Matching my pervious go-to on quality and service, and they're actually on my side of town!
1	I have been going to this cleaners for years and have never experienced such a rude and lack of customer service ever. I am going to say it was the owner of the cleaners. I asked him to explain something to me because I could not understand what the girl in front was telling me and he got extremely defensive and extremely rude and walked away from me. I am a supervisor in a high volume casino and would never treat my customers as I was treated today. He lacked professionalism, patience, and customer service. I will never be back to this business and will make sure to tell all my friends to also refrain from this business.
5	Very affordable! $15 for fur coat.Also, in a very decent area...Nice services!Near the most top commercial area.
4	I have been looking for a good dry cleaner close to my home, and found Green World Cleaners, I decided to give them a try with a down comforter of mine! I was thoroughly impressed, in short....Great service. Great work. Great prices!! I have officially found my go to cleaners! :)
5	LOVE these guys!I've brought several items in here for cleaning and they are VERY reasonable and FAST!If you bring your items in by 9, you'll have them by 5. They did a great job with some of my suits and dress shirts. Friendly service.If you live/work in the area, THIS should be your cleaners!
5	Same day cleaner and great prices AND open 7 days a week....I just moved to this side of town and thought I would never find another dry cleaners as great as my other but this place actually out does them.  The lady was very nice and even offered coffee and water. I have to get dry cleaning done up to 2xs a week....what a blessing to have this place.
5	Extremely friendly service with great pricing. Will definitely return. I needed a suit pressed within a couple of hours and they were able to accommodate in addition to performing it with quality service.
5	Found this on Yelp, and it does not disappoint.  They are extremely friendly and honest.  Very good price and they did an excellent job.  You can trust them with your wedding gown and suit.  They offer free bottle of cold water in the store, that's very thoughtful of them especially during summertime.  Highly recommend.
5	In a word - AWESOME!My husband and I relocated to Vegas last October and have tried a couple of dry cleaners, none of which we were happy with. The last dry cleaners we used was conveniently located (5 minutes away), the staff was friendly, but unfortunately, the clothes weren't cleaned properly, some times not at all! The stains we pointed out were still there and there were even some new stains on the bottom of my husband's dress shits and suits, probably from being dragged on the ground when they were taken out of the truck to the shop - I actually saw this happen!! Plus they didn't have on-premise equipment - they sent it out to be cleaned. That's something new to us, being from the Washington, DC area, where most cleaners are on-premise, most with same day service. I did a Yelp search and came across Green World Cleaners and decided to give them a try based on the reviews and because they had on-premise facilities, even though they were about 20 minutes away. It's completely worth it. My husband's shirts and suits are spotless with the right amount of starch, we can get our dry cleaning back the next day (as opposed to 3-4 days later from the other place), and the prices are reasonable. Anna who works there is super nice and they even have complimentary bottled water for customers. Totally worth the drive from  Summerllin!
5	Only dropped a sports coat here, but was responsibly priced. Employee was very nice AND they give free bottled water to everyone!Will go again!
5	I have been going to this place for a couple years ago. They are very good with costumer service and their alterations are very well done. I use a lot of designer clothes and I used to always be very nervous when doing alterations but not with Green World Cleaners. They always exceed my expectations. I have used all the other cleaners around this area and this is the only one I recommend and trust.
5	As a previous owner of a dry cleaning business, this place does dry cleaning right. Reasonably priced and a fast turnaround. Shirts are cleaned and pressed well. Pants and suits are also well done. I'm not a messy person so I haven't really gave them a challenge, but I bet they can handle anything. Looks like they do alterations on-site. Definitely my go-to place for cleaning.
5	The BEST dry cleaning business that I have ever been to in Las Vegas. Competitive prices, quick service, and overall a great place. Highly recommended.
5	Inexpensive, timely, haven't made a mistake! They always offer coffee and or water to their customers. I'll keep comin. I've reco'd this place to at least 4 people already & so far so good! .....Where's my commission?! Haha
5	I recently had some alterations done. Not just hemlines but wide leg pants narrowed, etc. Some of the items were lined. The prices were very reasonable, and the work was excellent. My laundry/dry cleaning has been expertly done. They always have cold water bottles for their customers to take!
1	Word of advice... Take a pic of the clothes that you want cleaned prior to getting them serviced. Came to Green Cleaners because of the great rating and reviews... WHAT A FREAKING DISAPPOINTMENT!!!! I got a vest serviced and yes, they were fast, but they ruined the hell out of it. First of all, my vest was noticeably lighter in color and had white streaks. I know EXACTLY how it looked before and it was NEVER that light and it NEVER had white streaks. When I asked what happened, they told me that it's because of the silk fabric that it faded. EFFING BULL.... It's not even silk, it's made from 100% lyocell. Then they came up with more BULL reasons asking if I sweated in it?!?!?! Ummmmm.... It's a cover up and it's only the second time that I've worn it so it's basically brand FUCKING new...... and I don't know how their sweat looks, but I doubt it makes white MOTHER EFFING STREAKS!!!!!Again... make sure to TAKE A PIC of your clothes!!!EFF THIS PLACE!!!!!!
4	I've been coming here for a few months.  I drop off 7-10 dress shirts a week and have never have a problem. They do a great job and prices are resonable.My only complaint is the place is kind of dirty.  Huge clumps of dust on everything that is above what they could reach without a ladder.  I've seen this at a lot of dry cleaners because they use swamp coolers and not AC.  That said, it is one of the cleaner cleaners (say that 10 times fast) I have been too.
5	One of the best cleaners in Vegas hands down. It's a family owned and operated business which I'm all for. Gotta support local businesses! All work is done in-house and the turn around is fast. A day later is usually when you can expect your clothes back. The family and staff that work there are always so friendly offering free bottled water or coffee and always asking me about what's going on in my life. Prices are cheap and the quality of service is outstanding.
1	Please do yourself a favor and don't go to this place. I don't understand why it is so highly reviewed. Every shirt that we have taken to this place has come back with starch marks, stained with no notice of not being able to get it out, and now a quite expensive shirt has come back completely ruined. Taking all of our ruined clothes back in tomorrow morning and I sure hope they value their customers enough to right their wrongs. Extremely frustrated with this cleaners.
5	Been coming here for several years.  Best cleaners in the city.  They are prompt and provide great service.  The staff is extremely friendly and professional.  There are cleaners closer to our house, but great service and a friendly smile wins out!
