5	So I do need to specify my bias, here. My sister is an owner of Nourish, so I have to support her. But the words I write are not lies, they are the bona fide truth of my deep love for the food and never ending envy for Charlotte locals to get to have Nourish weekly in their lives.I am not a vegan, or a vegetarian, but if I could have Nourish every day I would be. The food the company makes is as good, if not always better, than the food I eat daily here in Atlanta. Atlanta, a foodie city, produces great food. But I'd quit going out if it was feasible for Nourish to coldpack their meals and ship it down to me.A part of Nourish's MO, though, is how awesome fresh their food is. Their kitchen is spotless and full of people who love making food. The ingredients are wholesome, and eating the food regularly just makes you feel GOOD. Just nothing weighing you down. I know getting Nourish is super convenient, as well! I've picked up bowls at the Atherton Mill Market before and its ready for immediate noshing. Yess. Go get it!
5	Simply put, I am in love! I run a full time business where I use my home kitchen (to make soap) so I do not have the time or space to cook right now. I am not even vegan or vegetarian, but I do mainly eat a plant based diet which is pretty new to me so I have a hard time coming up with healthy dishes with variety and the proper nutrients on my own. Nourish has me covered. Every week there are new dishes and some old favorites. It's so exciting to open up the menu each week!My picky daughter has even started to slowly enjoy the foods. It's an absolute lifesaver for me. So often when you are pressed for time and don't eat a regular schedule, it's easy to fall back into bad eating habits. So having a good supply of Nourish meals in my fridge keeps me from getting off track. I order Nourish weekly, and even go pick up their foods sometimes at Eco-licious. I love that they also offer the Naked Tart and Viva Raw Juices. I actually work in the same market as Viva Raw so I drink their juice daily, but if I ever find myself not that close, I'll start ordering from Nourish.If you haven't eaten their food yet, you must try the Mac & Cheese first. It's unbelievable!
5	Nourish is the highest quality, meal delivery service you can get, period. Their menu is always changing, the dishes are complex and uber filling and the ingredients are as fresh as can be. My finance and former hard-core "meat 'n potatoes" guy devours Nourish's vegan fare at the speed of light. The food is incredible, and equally as importantly, the service and dedication of their team is unparalleled. Ordering from them online is the perfect way to "prep" for the next week without having the hassle of meal planning, grocery shopping, etc. I love to cook (in fact, I'm in the food business), but as life would have it, time is sometimes scarce. It's such a relief to realize something from Nourish is waiting to for us at home in the fridge - and can be delivered again next week, at the push of a button.
5	Delicious, healthy food delivered to your front door! We are not vegan but try to eat meat free and mostly organic. The entrees are bursting with flavor. I'm addicted to the oatmeal bakes, pizza lasagna, Mac n cheese and weekly salads with homemade dressing. Thank you for the quality, convenient and stress free service you provide!
5	I love Nourish and have been a near weekly customer for the past two years.  Eating wholesome mindful meals has never been so easy.  Nourish is my go to for quick healthful lunches when I only have a few minutes to spare between clients.  The salad of the week is always superb and the viva raw juice is my favorite way to start the day.  The portions are large and definitely less expensive than eating out.  So grateful Charlotte has Nourish to nourish us!
