5	HELPING THE BODY HEAL ITSELF, ONE BODY AT A TIME. -Kevin H., Amazing LMT.I came in with a living social voucher for 90 mins and at the end of the massage, I have made the decision of being Kevin's faithful client.  My massage was so amazing.  With the 90 mins, I got a trigger point/deep tissue, hands and feet reflexology, hot stone and cranial massage.  Unlike other therapists, Kevin utilized the hot stones to their full potential by applying pressure as the stones are being massaged  and place on one's body.  The hands and feet reflexology was one of the best one I have received.  Kevin definitely knew where the points to firmly apply pressure were.The massage pricing is the icing on the cake, cherry on a sundae, black truffle on protein...you get the idea.60 min - $3990 min - $58120 min -$78I actually considered whether I really want to write this review and let the world know how awesome Kevin is since I would like to have a higher chance in booking the appointment that I want.  BUT I shouldn't be greedy and share the amazing massage that one will definitely benefit from Kevin.  You have not gotten the best massage of your life until you receive one from Kevin.  Curatio Massage is located inside Kharizma Salon & Spa, which is right next to KMart.  What are you waiting for, book an appointment, get your massage, and thank me later.
5	I saw Kevin with a Living Social today, and as well it was the first massage I have ever had. I have no point of comparison since i have never had one, but...this was about the best 90 minutes I have ever spent. I suffer from pain in my neck and shoulder. He went right to work with strong hands hitting all the right places, and also used warm rocks as a massage aid. Tonight I feel perfect. I will no doubt go back. My wife is a massage junky and I talked her into making an appointment too. Highly, highly recommend.
5	I am not new to massages and always enjoy a good rub down or therapy session to rid myself of knots and stress.  Kevin not only gave a great session (90 minute) but gave it at such a great rate that I don't know how casino spas continue to receive bookings with their overpriced packages.  I told Kevin what my issues were, how much pressure I could take and if I wanted specialized attention in a specific area.  Truthfully, he was a sweetheart.  He seemed to know the perfect touch needed and where.  I always enjoy how massages and the environment help put my mind in a "blank" state (which is extremely hard for me to achieve) but, for some reason, I started talking to him while he worked his magic.  This is the first time I EVER started a conversation and STILL felt relaxed and worked over...not to mention I liked getting to know the person who was working me over while I'm lying naked under a sheet!  All kidding aside, Kevin knows his stuff  and really made me feel like I was the only client who mattered to him.  Afterwards, he gave me some prices for future sessions which I want to take him up on before he becomes too popular and constantly booked!Absolutely worth scheduling instead of going to the monthly massage clubs (Massage Heights or Spa Envy, et al) or expensive casino spas.Thanks, Kevin!  Best wishes for continued success!!
5	Curatio Massage has moved to Destination Island Spa.  It is right behind Metro Pizza, in the Foothills plaza.  That is super awesome because it is literally 3 mins away from mi casa.  I had booked an appointment for both Earl and I, which Earl was very hesitant to go.  He prolonged the visit until I took the liberty of booking the appointment and informed him of HIS appointment at 9am this morning.  He came home and told me that his lower back feels much better and how detailed Kevin was.  I believe Kevin has changed Earl's mind about getting massages.  My massage was as awesome as all the other times I had here.  Kevin is just spectacular.  I always look forward to my massages here.  Aah, what a way to start my day.Forgot to mention that as a client of Kevin's, you also have access to the steam shower and regular shower, all complimentary!   Also, pricing is the best I have seen.
5	The best message ever won't go any where else
5	Solely by Regina P's glowing recommendation, I decided to try out Kevin at Curatio even though it was a bit far from where I live. And of course, Regina P is always right :)I've had two massages with Kevin and both were individualized to my needs, which vary from shoulder/back to neck/back. I asked for deep tissue to loosen up the tension and it was just just enough pressure to get the job done. Nice touches include the smelling an essential oil prior to, as well a complimentary bottle of water after. What helped also was the steam prior to the massage. Yes, this massage oasis is tucked in to a multi-use salon, but inside the massage facility area, there is a small 1 person steam and shower, with lockers. You only need to come about 20 minutes early to steam it up. If you wanted to, you can steam after too, but I'm more of a steam before kind of gal. But wait, there's more. His prices are so competitive and if you come more often, every 6 weeks or so, Kevin would give you a special price. I think this is good business practice to maintain loyalty and regulars.
3	I requested a chair massage from Kevin because I was experiencing neck and shoulder tension. He did a fine job of relaxing the muscles on my neck and shoulders. Great job!
5	Kevin does a great job!  I have been in Las Vegas for the last 6 weeks for a work event and that means long, on-call hours and being on my feet all day.  Needless to say, the hectic environment of working on an event is stressful.  I have made it a point to try and see Kevin as much as possible here since his massages are a respite from the hectic schedule. He pays attention to the details which in turn creates an all encompassing relaxing experience.  The hot stones, aromatherapy and most importantly, his talent make him the best!I wouldn't go anywhere else in Vegas/Henderson and wish that he was local to me.
5	Usually, I am NOT a fan of massages. In fact, my friends are always amazed when I tell them I have a massage therapist, but that's because they haven't been to see Kevin at Curatio Massage.I always get 90 minutes of relaxation, tension/stress relief, and pure heaven. Kevin is always good about asking what I need that day and where I need the focus.  It's my pampering time that leaves me feeling like a new person. Thank you, Kevin! I'll see you at my next appointment!
5	I need a massage more than I take the time to get one. I found an offer on Amazon Local for Curatio Massage. Kevin did an awesome massage with the perfect amount of pressure. I highly recommend trying him for a great massage! I intend to go there very often!
