4	I can't believe I haven't written a review for BJ's yet. I practically live there. When we moved to South Charlotte we researched to see where Costco was. There wasn't one that was close to us. So we looked at what was available. We initially joined Sam's but after a year & not buying much of anything we decided to give BJ's a try.My wife still shops at other stores but I do the bulk of my shopping at BJ's. Why? Well its very convenient to my house. I live about 5 miles away. They're gas is pretty inexpensive compared to other pumps in the S. Charlotte/Pineville area. THey have a great selection of food. I like being able to buy food from them that can make three or four meals rather than one buying from Harris Teeter. They often have strange flavors of ice cream for sale that are cheaper than some of the national brands. They also have a great bakery. Like other wholesale clubs they carry a variety of merchandise other than food. Its a good place to look for movies. Best Buy used to be my go to store for movies. But they're prices are too high & their selection is terrible. The other thing I really like about BJ's is that the employees are friendly. When I stopped in yesterday the girl manning the door, Gussie, had just received an award marked by a golden name badge for being an exceptional employee. We talked for a bit & she told me about her manager Rusty, (looks like Penn Gillette), and the way that the managers have been supportive & mentoring.Anyhow I find BJ's to offer great value for the money with friendly employees & good prices for gas.
1	FREE 60-Day Membership - WARNING.  I got a coupon for a Free 60 day Membership from a Valpak mailing to my house.  My wife had me go there to claim the membership and get some Milk.  BJ's Customer Service informed me that I would have to buy a $40 dollar one year membership that I could get a refund up to one year.  They basically give you the first 60 days free, then 12 additional months for $40, then $50 the next year after that.  They should just state.  The first 14 months are refundable if you decide to cancel.  Seemed a bit complicated to me.  Is this actually a promotion?  It is definitely not 60 days FREE with no questioned asked.
3	60 day trail membership! Free! I tried Bj's out and it is great! I still like Costco better. Bj's doesn't have a big produce section. It is nice that they let you use manufacturers coupons!
4	Bulk Shopping!!!!I enjoyed shopping at this BJ's signed up for my free 60 day membership, just to give it a try and see what I thought. Overall, it was a plesant experience. The staff was very nice, the store was clean and easy to move around. I liked the variety and selection of items.Great coupons too, and they take any and all credit cards as well as coupons from outside vendors. Which in my opinion is a pretty cool perk!Look forward to going back!
4	BJ's is close to my house and having a few kiddos requires us to buy a few things in bulk which saves us some $$ over going to Target or *GASP* Wal-Mart.  I generally go in with tunnel vision, because if my eyes start straying, before I know it my buggy is filled up with random cool things they have like Ginsu Knives, Brita Bottle, Ceramic Cooker, whole pork shoulder etc...They have great prices and they have a nice selection of just about anything you want.  Checkout is a breeze and they send out a nice coupon booklet every so often for additional savings.  We saved $45.00 with our coupons at checkout today...Score!
4	First time visiting this BJ's Wholesale Club. We found it cause we were almost out of gas in Pineville and needed fuel. This BJ's is huge and overwhelming. They have tons of stuff. You can spend the whole day here going from aisle to aisle. Make a list of the items you are shopping for or else you get distracted. It's like a department store here.I still like the BJ's in Mooresville for they have the lovely sample ladies with products for you to try. At this Pineville location there was not many sample stations.BJ's makes the best bagels. Nothing compares to NYC bagel, but the BJ's bakery makes the bagels just like NYC. I am totally hooked.
3	I had a 60 day free membership to be Bj's, the only reason I even went in there.  Let me state that I have been a member of Costco for over 12yrs,do I do have a bias towards Costco  over Sams club or bj' s, but I figured I'd try it. First,  the selection in fruits and vegetables was horrible, one of my favorite areas in Costco....  The selection in other areas such as clothing was NOT impressive.  Overall, a waste of my time even trying them.  There is a reason Costco is the #1 wholesale warehouse site...
3	A challenger to Costco, which seems to be working as the nearest Costo is in Matthews, located well to the east.Not as large, but plenty of volume items.  Prices in some cases are better than Costco.When you join you get a bunch coupons and a $50 restaurant gift card.  Pretty good,. even if you end up not liking the place.Helpful staff, butcher shop and the samplers frequented by seniors who are chatting them up and eating their lunch via their generosity and patience.  They look so foolish, and I am 67 so can criticize.If you are in the Indian Land, Ft. Mill and south Charlotte area BJ's is convenient.
4	What a difference a few years makes! I am a loyal Costco member, I have given up Sam's . I recently got RE-introduced to BJ's. --they have changed a great deal. I think I was there about 8 years ago when they still had a location on Independence. I walked around a bit and left - with out buying anything. But a friend of mine had a new card and she was telling me how it had changed..so I gave it a chance. I was most pleasantly surprised. They have changed..different now, ..some smaller items so You are not buying a CASE of lettuce or a Whole side of beef..even a deli counter to order 1 lb of sliced meat instead of three pounds. Different Brands than Costco, different cuts of fresh meat. I was so impressed I ended up buying a membership for this club! I was happy to be able to buy a salad mix for 2.59 instead of the big bag that goes bad if you don't use it night after night. I like the fresh meat counter, so far everything I have bought has been great! Good prices on wine also...kind of a mixed bag as to what you get - I noticed that it changed from week to week. So although its not as big as Costco..its well worth the investment. They also have self checkout which was great - because there was no line..I would say --give it another try if you haven't been there in a few years..I think they are changing their image!!
4	If you've ever been to a Sam's Club (and I was a member a few years back), then the experience at a BJ's will be the same. Gigantic big box store (larger than your typical Wal-Mart) with high bay racks of storage that go all the way up to the ceiling.BJ's is a membership store and while you can do a trial shop (15% surcharge), you're better off simply joining for $50 a year. Yes, the do have specials and discounts but those are not year round.As for the stuff, well, there's nearly everything. You might not be able to do a full grocery shop but you can certainly buy up a cartloads worth of stuff and in the process save some money on the bulk. Two-packs of some things seemed to be maybe half-again the price of buying one at Harris Teeter. Others are competitive with what you might find at Wal-Mart.I was impressed with the decent selection of pet food products, including a 50 pound bag of the same dog food I usually get at Petsmart but $10 cheaper.So yes, I joined. And I'll be back.The gas is cheaper than others nearby but it's still more expensive than going to South Carolina.
3	BJ's has an impressive amount of, well, stuff. This big-box store has just about everything you need, and then some. Clothes, furniture, food, you name it. There are only 2 of us, but we still manage to buy enough to more than pay for our annual membership. Some of our best savings come from the produce, deli meats (super cheap!!!) and the paper goods. The monthly coupon book they send (also available on-site) yields additional savings. You will also find deep discounts on clothes, vitamins, books and DVDs. We rarely have to wait in line for more than a few minutes, and the self check out is very convenient. This store is reasonably clean, albeit a little dingy.  (I've seen a lot worse in these stores), The employees have always seemed friendly. 3 stars for not having fresh-made (on-site) items like its competitors (this is not a deterrent for me), and for always having a nagging salesperson when you walk in. No, really, I still don't want Direct TV. Thank you. The shopping carts could also use some serious maintenance.
2	Slowest deli department in town. They have no sense of time so you know they don't value you yours. If they are attempting to push you to buy pre-packaged this is a novel and effective way to do so, by delivering the slowest and most impersonal service EVER! Fail BJ's
1	Never heard of BJ's until I received a free 60 day membership in the mail.  After visiting this store, I know realize why they send FREE memberships.  I found it extremely off-putting to be greeted by the smell of old food at the entrance.  It has a gloomy atmosphere and is relatively small. I was unable to justify spending $50 or $100 for their membership.  Especially, since I didn't see any significant savings on the items that I would be interested in purchasing (paper & cleaning products).   I do think it is cool that they accept coupons and all forms of payment.  Ultimately,  BJ's is too grimy, smelly and disheveled looking for me.  It is definitely Costco's distant, twice removed cousin.
