3	After eating pizza for the umpteenth time in a row, I decided to take a break. That all changed when I saw an ad for this place in the mail. The Maryvale area has been severely lacking in a place to get good pie that didn't have 100 other locations in the valley, but that's changed.This stuff was pretty good. For just $8 I got a 14" Pepperoni and Mushroom. The crust was a little hard around the edges, and the sauce tasted a bit salty and bland...almost identical to Red Baron's frozen pizza (albeit with tomato chunks) if you've ever had to eat one.The toppings themselves were pretty nice, though. The mushrooms were thick and juicy, and the cheese was decent. I'll have to update this later, after I try the rest of the huge selection. There's fried shrimp, gyros, subs, burgers, and of course wings. Not bad...this place is worthy of more business from me. At worst, it will be a welcome change from the Papa Lino's it replaced!
5	This is one of the best pizza places in the valley. The giant pizza is unreal, I have lunch meetings and the giant pizza will fill everyone up. This place is awesome!!
4	This review is for their location on 10431 N. 19th Ave, Phoenix, AZ  60-997-1007Me and my office mate finally tried this location - we both ordered hot subs.  I got the Ham and Cheese and she ordered the Turkey Breast.  I LOVED this sandwich, the bread they use is very tasty - perfect crunch after being heated.  Ham/Cheese and all he fixins were perfect in my book.  I will go back and try the pizza by the slice.  I also like their fries - seasoned steak fries. This location is in a very small and old strip mall next to a dollar store.  Inside is very clean and staff is friendly. We went during lunch hours and it wasn't too busy.   Very filling and the sandwich size and flavor was perfect and i thought the cost was reasonable.
4	Was skeptical of the food at first bc its sort of an hole in the wall place. But they have good food
5	This place has wonderful Mediterranean/American food. I order from this place a few times a week, and I have to say the costume service is awesome. I have ordered a variety of things off their menu, and everything has been phenomenal.
4	Great food, friendly service. We both had the Stromboli and they were huge! The food did take a while to come out but it was worth the wait.
5	Fuking amazing food wow!
