3	Oh little MEC on St Denis, I had such high hopes for you! I was expecting to find a miniature sized MEC store in a convenient location, something along the lines of Yeti but with the MEC house brand. Instead I walked in and felt like I was in any other oudoorsy/sporty clothing boutique on St Denis. I will admit I was a little disappointed. However since my first visit I have returned several times, and I am starting to see your place in the big scheme of things. I'm starting to understand that you are not just there to make us utilitarian MEC shoppers happy, those of us who walk into the store knowing exactly what we want, who them scratch our heads when all the waterproof breathables are not all stocked together, but are instead all over the store in attractive arrangements, you were created for the casual shopper who wants to browse. I get it. I go in when I don't know what I want, and I want to look at pretty outdoorsy clothes. I go in when I know exactly what I want and have checked online and saw it was available in this location, and then I go in and hunt around for it, figuring the convenience of having it nearby offsets the having to hunt around.So little MEC on St Denis, I get you. But I'm still a little disappointed MEC has yet to build a downtown accessible "big" store like they have in other cities, instead teasing city dwellers out to their suburban stores for the real deal.
2	This just simply isn't MEC.... where's the gear?! I dont go to MEC to browse for clothes. .... And while you have my attention, how about that new logo? PUT THE MOUNTAIN BACK.
4	ok, so there are two aspects that i have to take into account here:1) as a store, this just isn't "MEC" as i've known it. it's pretty much just clothing, and quite frankly that's the one thing that I think MEC really doesn't excel at. So i would not recommend this store for somebody who was just going for a browse of what MEC has to offer.2) that being said, i love that this store now exists, because i can order anything off the website free for pick-up at the store. so in the past, when i needed bike lights, or even just a bike tube, i'd either need to pay inflated prices at boutique stores in the city, or trek all the way out to the MEC in the boonies. so in all, i'm happy with this place, but only because i can mail any item I want off the website for pick-up, for free.
