5	This location always has the best customer service! Rather than trying to up-sell you, they always try to save you money. Definitely a pleasure to work with in the most stressful of situations. Thanks guys!
5	I suffered a rear inside dual blow out on the 10 freeway, 75 miles west of Avondale, AZ. Being unfamiliar with area, I first contacted Steve at the Phoenix store.  He didn't have the seven tires I needed so he referred me to the closer Avondale store.  I spoke to Tom Roberts. He told me he had six tires and would have the seventh when I arrived.  Tom and his crew waited past closing time for me to arrive and had six tires mounted on my motorhome and the seventh mounted in the spare tire holder in less than 45 minutes.  Because of Tom's work ethic and that of his crew, we were able to continue on our trip to Florida, with only a slight delay.  It's nice to know that people like Tom still exist and are willing to go the extra mile to help someone in need.  Discount Tire has a customer for life!
4	I lightly bumped the curb because this stupid lady was parked in the middle of the road.  I waited a few mins and noticed that she was not going to move.  So I decided to go around her and I did not see the curb was shaped funny (zig zag like pattern) so I nicked it.  When I got home I saw a crack in my tire.  =(  DAMN IT!  So I went to Discount Tire to check on the status of my tire.  I thought great, $$$ to replace it.  He nice rep checked it out and said I am good to go.  No problems, that part of the tire is there for the wheel protection and it did the job.   That is great he did not try to pressure sell me a new tire.
5	Fast considering how many were ahead of me, costumer service is good... Deffinitely recommend and will come back
5	These guys were great.  I had picked up a nail in one of my tiresand they fixed it in less than an hour with no appointmentand they didn't even charge me for labor.  I highlyrecommend them.  I will be buying my tires from them in the future.
5	It is always a pleasant to go in and be greeted that they will be right with you if they are helping someone else.  They take the time to give you informed of anything while putting new tires on or getting them rotated if something does not look right.  They never try to sell you up on things when you tell them how much you can spend.  Everyone is very professional and great service.
5	This place is great. They are always super friendly and never pressure you into getting anything you don't want. I replaced all 4 of my tires and it only took about 20 minutes.
5	Always friendly and knowledgable.  They dont try to pressure you and go above and beyond!  They will match anyones prices as well so why go to some place else and get so so service when you can go here and get it all.
4	Bought tires from th a few months ago and it was time for a tire rotation. Took a bit over an hour, but it was a Saturday and a bit busy. All employees were very friendly and upbeat and seemed familiar with their jobs.  The tire rotation is complementaryWith tire purchase.
2	For months I have had issues with my tires losing air and have had to put air in at least once a week.  I went through the process of elimination... maybe it's the weather changes, maybe I messed up taking the pressure, etc.. finally I took my car to Discount Tire because I have always received excellent service at the other stores I have been to.  At the front they were nice but doing that thing that most car shops and dealers do where they don't really talk to you like you have a clue because apparently only men deserve to be taken seriously when discussing cars.  A little over half an hour later someone comes out and tells me there's no leaks but I need to pay more attention to my tires because the air was low.... no crap, that's why I thought there was a leak because tires just don't continually get low so you have to put air in every week unless something is wrong.  I tried to explain the problem again and the guy walked away while I was in the middle of my sentence.  I tried to ask about pricing tires and he was basically shooing me out of the door.  I guess he forgot he works in sales/customer service.  I will never go to this location again and would definitely not recommend it to anyone, especially not women unless you enjoy being talked down to by misogynistic males who need remedial lessons in how to provide actual customer service.
1	Well just came in for a basic balance and rotation and it TOOK 3 HOURS it only took them 20 minutes to do but 3 hours to pull into bay reguadless walk in or not that's is unacceptable!
5	Put these guys down for 5 stars. Had a flat after work. They close at 6..I called at 610. John answered, guides me to the store and by 630 I have two new rear tires installed.  No missed work and no hassle. Thank you John and crew. The best service I have had any wear for anything.
5	Fast, friendly, and great customer service! Today is my fifth time coming with a tire issue in the past year and for the fifth time this store has been incredibly helpful. I heavily use my vehicle for work, travel, and camping so no wonder I go through so many tires. Today I discovered a screw in my side wall and of course that means a whole new tire. Since I don't believe in warranties I was gonna have to buy a brand new tire. Tim one of the sale associates talked to John the store manager and they were able to lend me a loaner for the week and sell me a brand new tire for $90.00. My car requires performance tires and the average cost of my tires is $139.00. I say that A+ service!
5	Service is friendly and efficient.   They do get busy probably because they are so good.  We just avoid peak times when we need a rotation or when buying new tires. We love that you can pull into a bay and get air pressure checked cheerfully anytime.  Halle family who founded Discount are very philanthropic -  this is a plus on where I take my business!
1	I want to start this review by saying I have been a Discount Tire fan for some time now, but with my visit today i must say, all they care about is selling a tire.   They teach their employee's sell sell sell.   Just sell don't listen to the customer just sell.   high pressure, and lie to them,  just as long as you sell them tires.....  On this visit I got a good taste of this big time. so i took my business else where.   Oh and I must say they do not match competitors prices, (they advertise it but they wouldn't) because when show the pricing from the other company, on the same exact tire, he just went on about that it wasn't the same (and i tried telling him what was not the same and he would not listen).I truly think they think all customer are complete idiots.  Now i will admit i dont know every thing bout all the different tire issues, but i know enough to ask and learn.  Well this idiot took his business else where.  What a shame, (I have 4 high end vechiles and never just get the cheapest tires.)  cause i never minded waiting hours to have tires installed.   But i just wont be treated they way i was treated.There are plenty of tire shops in the valley, I think it is time to move on.
1	First off I would like to say if I could rate them no stars I definitely would. I went in today and the first thing I saw was a line out the door and an angry customers saying they have been there since 11 AM (it was almost 4pm when I arrived), I went in to have a fairly new tire patched because there was a nail in it (NOT IN THE SIDE WALL). I told the technician specifically not to touch my tire if they couldn't replace it, I told them not to put the spare on and leave it alone if they cannot repair it. While I was there we discussed tires for my other vehicle, we agreed and were going to pick up the vehicle with the nail and drop the other off to get a new set. I arrived back there approximately 1 hour later to swap vehicles. The technician hurried along and gave me my keys to the car I was picking up, I saw something on the paperwork in his hand that said something about a "spare" so I decided to go out and  take a look. When I went out they had my F****** spare on my car, they did the exact opposite of what I asked. The guy said he was sorry and told them not to do that and that he would have it fixed. I went back in and some fat rude old guy came out and told me he could "order my tire", shocking! I bet he can, but here's the deal, I don't need a new tire, all I need is a damn patch. I was going to give them my business but after that I got my keys to both vehicles and left. I will NEVER do business with them again. I understand that they are "liable" after taking the tire off, but if they would have examined the tire on the lift prior to taking it off they could have determined that and simply said they  wouldn't patch it. I probably would have even bought the tire there and waited a week for it to come in. I would have definitely got the other set there, but after that; never again. Oh and by the way the lady that had been there since 11am, was still there, the only thing they offered her was dinner for her inconvenience. Stay away from discount they try and rip you off every chance they get.
5	Orlando and the team here are top notch!  I am super picky about the quality of work and these guys exceeded my critical expectations. I had a flat repair on a nice 20" alloy wheel. Actually I had five nails and two actually punctured. They diagnosed and then repaired the two punctures timely and with care. When Chuck went to hand me the keys I noted that I still needed to settle up for the repair and they noted "no charge". Wow, I was floored. Not even a prior customer as I am here in town visiting family. I was super impressed and pleased!  Thanks guys.
