5	Was heading back from ASU yesterday and came across a brand new Dunknin that just opened. This one is the TITS! Store is huge and has tons of space for seating. Drive-thru was packed with cars so I went inside to see the store anyway. The line was to the door but moved fast. There was someone greeting all the customers and even handing out free samples of the Frozen Cappucino! This sample was so good I decided to get one for myself. I tried the new Chicken parmesan flatbread which was very tasty! My friend got a fresh, warm bagel with cream cheese ans we also both tried the french crueller since they looked delicious!There was a Starbucks right down the road which was dead when we passed it so it seems everyone is finally realizing that Dunkin coffee is so much better and much more inexpensive too! Atleast now I know I visit this Dunkin when heading to ASU!
3	Strawberry frosted donut was delicious, but french cruller left the same feeling as chewing on chap stick. Used my coupon for my free medium coffee...and thank goodness cause it tasted bad too.  I think I just caught them on a bad day...perhaps if I got hot coffee it would have tasted better. But the store is big and clean, and at 3 in the afternoon they still had a pretty good selection of baked goods.  don't ask for sugar in your ice coffee...you will be sucking granules before you get actual coffee in your mouth.
4	I don't have to drink Starbucks overpriced coffee anymore,  I will take Dunkin's black coffee over Starbucks any day of the week.  Also, the seasonal pumpkin donut is worth blowing your diet for.
3	same old usual stuff. The missing star is for the poor service. Good space inside, but again...if you can deal with the bad service....first!
1	Perhaps it was our fault for not having tried Dunkin Donuts before, but my husband and I went and tried the egg and bacon croissant sandwich, plain coffee, a glazed donut and a boston creme donut. Our cashier was friendly and chatty but couldn't answer a single question. Us: "Is the iced coffee sweetened with high fructose corn syrup?" Her: "I don't know, it sure is sweet though."Us: "What is in the chocolate kreme donut?" Her: "It's really good, I've had 3 today. I don't know, chocolate stuff?"Nothing was outright disgusting, but it was pretty mediocre. The coffee was so hot that we both burned out tongues and once it cooled down it was so weak and flavorless that neither of us can understand how it possibly beat Starbucks in a fair taste test. Do the people who participated in the test like coffee? Whatever. Now we know that we don't like Dunkin, but I'm left wondering how the place is so popular, let alone still in business with such lackluster product, decor and vacuous service.
1	No more Coolatta. The Coolatta machine is broken. At all locations, apparently. Why the (*bleep*) are you still selling Coolatta if the machine's broken? Does corporate office know they're scamming customers? Horrible customer service.
2	I came to Scottsdale a few weeks ago.  One of the things I wanted to do is go to a Dunkin Donuts since I hadn't been there in years (when they were last in California).  We went to two different stores and the donuts weren't the same has I remembered.  The donut shop down the street from my home in California has better donuts than these two stores.  We did have the steak breakfast sandwich and coffee which were good but I just wasn't excited about the taste of the donuts I try ed.   The staff behind the counter wasn't friendly at either store.   I was so disappointed I kind of wished I hadn't gone there and keep my good memory of the great donuts I had years ago.
1	I hate this Dunkin Donuts. Every time I go through the drive thru they say the order back to me wrong, can't listen to how my order should be, and in general are just rude. One of their employees, unfortunately his name escapes me right now, is always lethargic, rude, and acts like he doesn't care at all about his job. Customer service needs to be a priority!
4	I really like going to this particular location.  I am constantly surprised that the service is so good.  Each person that I encounter there seems to really enjoy what they are doing.  I am really impressed with their customer service each time.  I understand this isn't someone's ideal job that they want to do when they grow up but if you are going to be a ditch digger, be the best damn ditch digger ever.  These folks do a good job at emulating that sentiment.  Otherwise, Dunkin is Dunkin.  As a corporation, they are doing a good job at branding and introducing relevant items within their market.  As a location, they are doing a good job at following through with the product.  The coffee is good and I was happy to see Egg Bagels in this town but I am still an eternal fan of the Boston Creme.  My daughter loves just about anything you give her from there so that's a win too.
1	What happened to Dunkin Donuts? Holy crappy does this place suck. The donuts are stale and taste weirdly like chemicals. I cannot recommend anything except that you drive five minutes to Bosa Donuts on McDowell. Great donuts, and locally owned. Support local.
5	Not much else to say except that this place is within walking distance from my hotel.  Score!  Best coffee in the world.  It has a drive through and service was friendly at the window.  I'm a happy camper and will return multiple times over the next 4 days.
1	I feel like giving a negative review to one of the largest chains in America is dumb, short sided and negative. However, its not like I don't enjoy Dunkin Donuts..i mean everyone does.. its just that it happens to be down the street from Bosa Donuts. Thats just unfortunate. I guess the one thing I will compliment is definitely their coffee. Their good old america drip black coffee is truly delicious even on a national chain scale. I find myself going thru the drive thru just to buy a 12 pack of Dunkin Kuerigs. I know I'm not the only one! All in all, if you want a donut, go early in the morning, they aren't like Bosa who make donuts 24/7 throughout the day, therefore if you go after 10 am, chances are all of the good donuts will be taken, and those left will not be very fresh.
4	This Dunkin is awesome because it has a drive thru. Sometimes when I feel like going for a drive, I will go to this one instead of the one next to my house. Staff is always friendly.
4	Very fast friendly service. Didn't have sprinkled donuts at 9am but it's all good. Coffee was great. Place was clean looking.
2	I am sad to say that I'm very disappointed by this location. I love Dunkin' Donuts as I'm  from back East and think their coffee is the best, that's why I'm giving this review two stars. This store deserves less.This location has very poor customer service. Not only do they not accept Dunkin Groupons, they also don't do the Dunkin punchcard, and when I went there on my birthday for my free coffee I tried to pull up the barcode they needed on my app and I couldn't find it. They couldn't tell me where  it was and refused to give me a coffee for my birthday. I found this particularly poor customer service since I am in there consistently and it was on their website that they couldn't find the info they needed.I've given this location so many chances because they are just down the street from my house but it just doesn't make sense to go there anymore. New management please!
1	Good coffee and donuts (although this location seems to always be out of my favorite blueberry munchkins), but I have had consistently unfriendly service at this location which has made me not go there as often as I'd like. My last visit was the worst and has caused me to quit going altogether. I was not greeted when I came in or when I walked to the counter. The employee just waited until I started ordering. After I paid for coffee and donuts my boyfriend was accused of stealing a soda on our way out  (he opened the fridge then decided to just stick to coffee). Once it was obvious that he didn't have a soda bottle the employee said he saw me open my purse. Really? I showed him there was no soda bottle in there and we did not even receive an apology. Only another employee chiming in that they have sketchy people come in a lot. Gee thanks
2	This is truly the most consistently horrible Dunkin Donuts I have ever had the misfortune of forcing myself to visit. Each time I return to this location I question what I was thinking.An iced coffee with cream and sugar is NOT difficult to produce, Dunkin. Why have I never received a perfect coffee from at least one of my five or more trips to your store? What a true shame.2 stars because the food tastes alright. For the service and coffee, however, one star.
1	This is the worst location. I will never go here again. We stopped by on a Saturday morning, it was dead. Great! We ordered 2 sprinkles donuts. I could not believe what they actually gave us. Maybe 20-25 sprinkles TOTAL between the two donuts. Customer service was good and speedy. But what they actually gave us was not worth it. IDK if Dunkin has gotten too big for their britches, the product just isn't the same anymore. And seriously with the sprinkles? I'll opt for Bosa or another local place any day.
4	I've been to this location a few times now.  Complaint I have with the Arcadia location, burnt coffee, never an issue here!  Fast Drive-thru.  Friendly service!!  I'll drive the extra 2-3 miles to get here, out of my way, when i'm having a DD coffee craving from now on!  :)
3	Just another Dunkin Donuts. I wish they'd let the customer put in their own cream and sugar. Everyone has their own tastes when it comes to coffee. I asked for a little cream and it's all I taste in my coffee.
5	Been coming to this location since it first opened. Fast, efficient, and very friendly staff. Regular black coffee with a turbo shot gets me going each morning. Wont go anywhere else.
