5	The best burger chain. Never disappoints. For this solo westbound I-10 traveler on a 2000-mile drive, finding this In-N-Out was a major high point.
5	There are a number of In-n-Out's around town at this point and, though it seems like everyone knows the 411 on this wonderful chain of delicious burgerness, we should keep in mind that our neighbors to the east may have never been to one. So here's the deal: the menu has three different items, in a few different sizes. Those items are burgers, fries, and shakes. The burger can be a single patty cheese burger or a double, and the fries can be medium or large. Nothing really too complicated here, folks. What will catch a first-time In-n-Outer off guard is how goddam delicious it all is. Greasy, yes, but they do use fresh veggie oil for fries and cut the potatoes in house. There is also the famous "Secret Menu" that isn't posted in the restaurant. I am semi-familiar with it but it is mostly comprised of specialty orders, like grilled onions for your burger, called "Animal Style," or easier ways of calling out if you want extra tomatoes, or in the case of lettuce instead of the bun "protein style." Also, for a bigger burger (more than two patties) call it a 3 by 3 for three patties, 4 x 4 for four, etc.The owners of the chain have been extremely careful with franchising and supposedly are keeping the owners within the family. Also, there is a widespread theory that the owners are Mormon, evidenced by Biblical citations on the bottom of drink cups and underneath fry baskets.If that is true, that's just one more reason that Jesus would give these tasty burgers two thumbs up!
5	In n Out vs. WhataburgerDicks out everyone.  I've had many an argument as to the godliness of each and though I tend to stand in the In n Out camp when discussing this with my Texas friends, and contrastively with my West Coast friends, i stand firmly that each has its place near the high end of the hamburger spectrum. Visiting In n Out  for the first time is like being a drunken male in some unfamiliar La Quinta bathroom in Reseda, California.  There seem to be limited options.  But once you get the feel of it, you realize that you can sit down to pee if you want.  You can use the towel rack to brace yourself.  You can pee in the bathtub or bypass all ration and lay in the damn tub like a newborn ... all kinds of stuff you would never do at your regular place.Treat this place like that budget hotel.  This is not your regular place, this In n Out Burger.  Be creative.  Get nasty.  Try that 3x3 Animal Style with Animal Style fries.  Grilled onions?  Throw those bitches on.  Kick down with a Neapolitan shake ... and ... use that plastic, cos In n Out takes card now.  Word.
3	Best fast food burger so far.Period.Good shakes, better than the chalky things I haven't had for years from McKingBurgerDonald's.Fresh cut fries that I thought were a bit odd in texture, sort of starchy-styrofoamy.I find myself liking this place despite my resistance to chains.
1	THE WORST experience of my life! The service was good and fast but the food tasted like has been frozen for years! Remember the hot dog  commercials back in the day where they advertised that the hot dog would fit in the bun? Well maybe they should of sold one to In-N-Out Burger! The burger filled about half to 60% of the bun. Also the milk shake I got was basically ice cream in a cup. The hype is way over rated! I will never set foot in one again it's not like we don't have enough burger joints to chose from! Two thumbs down!
3	THE BODY AND BLOOD OF CHRIST???Um.... no thanks...   I'll just take a cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake.  :-)After two, much needed evenings of "good clean fun" ie: no Jack Daniels involved...My friend and I decided to decide to stop somewhere for a quick bite to eat, before going our seperate ways.... IN -N -OUT BURGER IT IS!! The menu is simple, the food is "fast" and it dosen't make me feel nauseous after eating it..(unlike most fast food) .. Well.... until tonight anywayBEHOLD.....Bottom of the cup says John 4:16: - Ted's "diet" coke (pussy)...(MY milkshake had Proverbs 3:5:...mmm mmm good) It appears I'm the last person on earth to notice this.... huh??I wasn't "moved" to decipher the citations, as I don't entertain this sort of  (ahem)  nonsense... however, I did get a pretty hearty chuckle (ok, bordering on hysterical laughter) out of it. ..... Private ownership and operation has it's privileges I see....I must admit...I often get personal enjoyment out of being in the presence of people or establishments that test their freedoms.... (apparently since the 1980's in this case) and this time was no different. Smiles all the way around..I will say this...most people are idiots..  (incase you've been walking around with blinders on since birth)   and while I don't particularly enjoy being harassed while jogging down the street, minding my own business, by a couple of fellas in nicely starched white shirts and bicycle helmets..(the purpose for which I can only assume is to keep them from banging their fragile skulls into the pavement) ..I am smart enough to know that it's not my duty as a human being to entertain THEM either...       or even acknowledge their existance to be honest..it IS that simple.... this whole cup thing seemed pretty passive to me.. and it gave me something to rant about while I ate..(not that I need help with that)Well done IN-N-OUT..... you irritated the shit outta me......you got under my skin.... you HAVE a voice......kudos to you. Will you still see me in your drive thru???         Of Course... Why??      I oddly respect what you're trying to pull off..... and...well.... you have one GOD DAMNED TASTY CHEESEBURGER ...
4	After reading some of the other reviews, I have to defend In-N-Out. If you want a good burger and fries, you have arrived at the right place.  Great milkshakes, too.  As a female friend of mine once declared "good hangover food". I usually go through the drive-through, but the wait can be quite long.  One good policy change they adopted was to accept credit cards.  About a year ago, they were a cash-only business and I can't tell you how many times I saw people drive up to the payment window (at the drive through) and drive off without their food because they only had a credit card to pay with.  In this day and age, I would think a business would have to accept credit cards just to survive.
5	It seems like people either hate this place or love this place, and all I can say is that I am a fan! If are going to go healthy and want fast food In N Out is one of the healthier fast food places, because of the fresh meat never frozen, fries are cut in the back and cooked in non cholesterol oil and everything is fresh it is truly quality you could taste, and by the way animal style fries are the best thing on the secret menu.
5	I am forever impressed when I first walk into any In-N-Out. The complete undeviating white and overall look of cleanliness is not lost on me. I've never seen an employee with a huge grease stain on their shirt or apron. All of them look super crisp and freshly pressed, shirts tucked in, black belts, girls with an oversized safety pin holding their apron closed. I couldn't tell you if any of the female employees there have long hair or not since they all have it neatly tucked into their caps. Ah. . . . I love walking into a clean looking place. I realize that a company that goes to those lengths to make sure of their employees appearance, must also be keen on quality. I gladly ordered my double-double, fries and a coke. (yes, I can actually finish a double- double here. -blushing) You can taste the quality at first bite. Everything tastes fresh and natural. Delicious. No soggy, faded lettuce or frail tomatoes, just fresh, crunchy vegetables. Yummmm . . . then the fries . . . . those little golden sticks of heaven. They feel so airy light but tasty at the same time. My goodness. Just thinking about my meal makes me want to go again. I know I will. Soon.
4	This is soooo worth the detour when I travel from Phoenix to the East Valley. A very simple menu, delicious burgers, fresh-cut fries, great service. I hope to learn one day what the secret menu is, but until then I'm happy with the things I get from the regular menu.
5	I secretly moved back to this area of the country strictly for the In-N-Out Burger factor.. Nothing anywhere compares to it. In fact, after my last visit I was reminded how perfectly delicious it is and I am changing my last meal on earth to an animal style burger, well done fries and a Neapolitan milkshake. It really is the American dream.I am always fascinated when I walk into any on of their establishments. Always clean yet so disorderly.. The lines are always retarded long, and there are always people standing everywhere, but somehow they never fail to deliver every meal hot, fresh, delicious and FAST. I have NEVER encountered a broken ATM inside either.Not everyone is aware of their "secret menu", with items such as the 2x4, flying Dutchman, the protein style burger and my fave, animal style... In fact, the secret items actually outnumber the items legitimately on the menu which only consists of a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, Double-Double, French Fries, Coca-Cola products and three shakes: chocolate, vanilla and strawberry, of course. I'm pretty sure you can download a PDF of their menu somewhere online, but even if you don't know the terms, the employees at In-N-Out will pretty much do anything to a burger if you ask them.. I also recommend the fries well done.. otherwise they are kind of soggy. Now I am hungry, I think I've decided whats for lunch!
4	In-N-Out is the hands down best franchise/chain burger joint around.  A simple no-frills menu means that they can concentrate on providing the freshest, highest quality ingredients, such as crisp lettuce, fresh tomatoes,  never frozen patties and fresh cut fries cooked in clean oil.   Also the free refills on drinks is great, especially during summer in Phoenix.Decor wise, In-N-Out keeps it clean and classic, like the burger joints of yore.    Service is quick and friendly, likely because the the staff are paid higher the minimum wageFor those in the know, there is a 'secret' menu that can be used to customize your orders.4 out of 5 stars because, it is still a chain after all...
5	It hits the spot every single time. I love that I can always expect my food to be hot. Menu is simple and  there's a secret not so secret menu, which is not complicated just not on the board. Is a must for all of my East Coast friends to go to In-N-Out when they visit. Usually when they step out of the plane:)
4	I'm almost ashamed to be writing this review, because I DO NOT eat Fast Food Ever! But twice, OK it was 3 times, I have let my hungry stomach and my teenage daughter do the thinking when it comes to lunch. I have to say though, if they did not offer the grilled cheese, there would be no way I could be talked into going here. I actually enjoyed my grilled cheese, basically a cheeseburger with everything but the meat, and those strangely addicting fries I really couldn't stop eating. For Fast Food it was not bad, it didn't make me feel bad for eating it either, not even the fries, maybe its because they aren't really greasy?Anyway, as much as I hate to admit it, the next time I'm starving to the point of not thinking and need a  quick meal, I would come back for a grilled cheese and fries for sure!
5	Still the best burger I've ever had..fast food OR sit down.IN-N OUT, you never let me down. Just please, please come to Denver soon.
4	I reserve my good as it gets for Shake and Shake...The holy grail of burgers! Now if they would just build one in AZ! I love a good burger and as far as fast food this one is in my top 5 although it is the fresh cut fries that put In & Out in the top for me. The list is as follows: 1 Steak N Shake: Mustard pickle onion only! No cheese, No tomato lettuce or MAYO UGH. You are ruining it by adding anything but the 1st three condiments. I am a purest. 2 In & Out: Light sauce add onions! Yum Well done French Fries please. 3 Whataburger: I love the A1 thick and hearty burger otherwise it's the double cheese with mustard and onion only. 4 Carls Jr: The superstar does me just fine! This would be my # 3 if they had good fries to go with that flame broiled burger but they have rockin onion rings! 5 Wendy and Burger King: They are in a tie for 5. I love the fresh never frozen burgers from Wendy's but the King had me at flame broiled. Although BK's Fries are NASTY and the onion rings have no onion in them WTF!? I do enjoy the fresh toppings and delicious fries at In and Out. I also quite like to watch my food being prepared so I know there have been no shenanigan's! If you really want to treat yourself get a double double with onion of course and then an order of fries well done. I add vinegar to my fries and they are out of this world delicious! Now go eat a burger I'm done talking to you.
5	cant go wrong with a Double Double, fries, and a shake! Always good. Great service. I got some cold fries once, called the corporate office, they sent out some gift cards for our meals, then followed up with a thank you card as well. Not to mention they sent a coupon in a Xmas card that year. You
5	Ah, In-N-Out.  It was September 6, 1950, & my dad scored a new Powder Blue '51 Chevy Convertible to surprise my mom with for her Birthday.  She put me & the big pink ribbon & bow inside, & we took off, hair in the wind, down Baldwin Ave. to Highway 66 & east over to In-N-Out, in nearby Baldwin Park.  This was to be not only my first ride in a convertible & my first hamburger, but I think also my first meal ever at a restaurant!  (Mom learned that 3-year-olds don't like raw onions!)This was not only the first In-N-Out, but it might have been the only "fast food" drive-in restaurant anywhere at the time!  Highway 66 is gone now, but amazingly, that In-N-Out is still there, & the regular burgers & fries haven't changed a bit!  ("Old 66" here is now the service road for the 10 Freeway.)Hamburger (Animal Style) $1.75, Fries (Well Done) $1.35, Chocolate Shake $1.95=$5.05Yes, we have 5 Guys & Smashburger, & they're both great, but they're not the same thing.  The magic is at In-N-Out.  Special Magic!!     :-))
5	No In-N-Out in Oregon.  Which is probably a good thing, or I'd be weighing in around 3 bills right now.  When I visit the Southwest, a trip to In-N-Out is always a must.  For burgers and fries it's really tough to beat.Here's another thing I love about it (which I've never seen anywhere else):  when there's a long line at the Drive Thru, they'll send a kid out with an electronic ordering gizmo, who walks out to your car and gets you going on your order.  Genius!  That way your order gets a head start and you (and everyone behind you) aren't waiting for days at the window.
4	I love the food here.  I first had their food when I was in Las Vegas (i know.. not in LA) and the place was jam packed with people.  I think what makes this place so great is how simple it is.  Burgers and Fries.. that's it!  In-N-Out has the best fries out there.  Super fresh every time you order.  I mean dont get me wrong.. i love a good McDOnalds fry every now and then, but if you want fresh, this is the place.Ive never actually been inside this one, but always do drive-thru
4	Love this place! I only go about once a year, but when I'm feeling like fast food I wait it out here for the cheeseburger with grilled onions protein style with lots of fries and ketchup!!  The lines are sometimes overwhelming, but the staff has it under control and they move through the orders pretty quickly.  The hardest part about eating here is finding a table!
5	So freaking yummy! Double double with grilled onions & no salt is my favorite! No Salt on fries r awesome too!
4	Like I said with a double double you never go wrong
2	OK, so I've upgraded this experience to 2 stars, but it still probably only deserves a 1.5, which is better than last time. The burger was actually pretty good this time, and the wait wasn't that bad. Again, this is not a great burger by any means and on any given day you could experience a whopper junior that has more flavor.When the girl asked if I wanted fries, I responded " Are they still the same thin, soggy, greasy, flavorless, nothing fries or have you changed your recipe to make decent fries? She just smiled and said they were the same, so I said, "no thanks".In and Out is obviously a Southwest thing. Anyone who is from the Midwest or East Coast expects restaurants to rise above mediocrity, but mediocrity, unfortunately, is what passes for "great food" in Arizona.
5	Well In-N-Out burger you have one hell of a burger... I have been eating at this location for years and never had a bad meal I want to go get it right now as I write this... Many might not know about the secret menu I put this to the test my last visit and sure enough they knew about it all. So on you next visit you will have a whole new experience... Try this site for new menu options: http://www.badmouth.net/in-n-outs-secret-menu/   I was happy I did we were able to order a Neapolitan shake it rocked and the Animal Style Fries off the chart... You need to do everything Animal Style anyways... Great burger place I will be back many times I know it.
3	This locations always seems to be busy, and seems to be hard to find a place to sit most of the time.  But, the burgers always taste good and that is the most important part
2	I really don't get why people love this chain so much.  That's great that the burgers are not frozen but when I eat them I don't get a good meaty flavor, all I taste is grease.  I very much prefer the sirloin burgers at Jack-in-the-Box.And I don't like the whole "secret menu" concept.  Call me crazy, but I want to know what my options are when I walk into a restaurant, not have to study a website beforehand.This place is just not my thing, I guess.
3	Clean, friendly. I'm not a big fan of their food though, but I will go there on occasion. I like how its a small menu.
3	The double-double cheese burger animal style is good. Not a big fan of the fries they are a little to healthy for me. It you want a burger and do not want to get out of the car and do not want to go to McDonald's this is your spot. When I eat burgers I want a good burger so I do not go to In-N-Out very often. This location is often busy too so there is always a little bit of a wait.
5	Best fast food restaurant.  Great service.  Fresh food.  Love the grilled cheese with grilled and raw onions and minimal sauce.  The fries are great when they are hot.  Fresh brewed iced tea with fresh big chunks of lemon.  Mmmm.... I could eat here everyday.
5	It's In-N-Out. Good, fresh burgers. Good service.
4	Animal style, no pickles!!
5	Best burger place ever! My Fiancee and I love In-N-Out-Burger! At first glance, it seems like an average burger place with just a few menu items, however, once you know about the "secret menu" everything changes. You can get anything from grilled onions with special sauce to lettuce wrapped burgers, all absolutely delicious. Their fries are also amazing, especially animal style. I love that they use fresh ingredients and make their fries right on the spot. When I want a burger,  In-N-Out-Burger is definitely the only place I go! Last but not least, try a neapolitan shake, it will be the best shake you have ever had!
4	I work at the nearby Lowes. I eat here just about every other day.This is the rock in my life. Always good, always prompt and always nice.My only suggestion is to provide more seats during the lunch rush, but that's nothing they can help. Why did I even mention it? Gotta make this review longer than 2 lines.Great representation of the I-N-Out franchise. Pigeons like fries.
5	Double double...nuff said.  Not a big fan of the fries, though. Every time I come to town, always busy. Don't have one in ep so I don't know if it's busy all day or not.  Betting that it is.
4	First In-N-Out burger experience. I'm a fan. The burgers are thin, which I really like. Will definitely go here more often when I move out west.
5	First of all, their chocolate shakes are too good! I always get a small so I don't over do it.What I find weird is they don't accept Discover Credit Cards. Their animal style burgers are by far the best and only fast food burger I will dare to eat. Meat is fresh, not that nasty freezer crap they let bake under a light while the employees contaminate them with dirty hands.Also, the people at this location are so friendly. A smile really does go a long way people!
5	Best fast food I ever tasted. Fresh burgers, fresh fries, and friendly smiles. : )
3	Price was right. Cool concept but I like 5 guys better. What A Burger is my favorite burger, guess you could say I'm old school. In and out was busy and had good service but as for the burger's. A lot of hype.
3	This is a tough review to write because different things deserve different ratings.  The food: Five Stars, hands down.  I always get the grilled cheese with grilled onions (it's on their not-so-secret secret menu).  The space itself: One and a half stars.  Woah, wait, what?  This is In-N-Out, right?  What gives?  We stopped in here after spending 13 hours in the car (I wouldn't recommend doing this) and it was 9:30 on a Monday night.  We were exhausted and famished and we both knew In-N-Out would hit the spot.  Upon entering, we were greeted promptly and our order was taken precisely and in record time, and after that is when it all went downhill.  The lobby was a mess- the tables were dirty, trash everywhere and an employee went out to collect the empty baskets, but that was it- he didn't clean any tables!I needed to relieve myself of the abundance of caffeine I'd consumed on the road and the women's restroom was even worse.  Both stalls were out of toilet paper (thanks, Mom, for always telling me to carry kleenex with me wherever I go!) and there was trash everywhere.  Seriously, I've seen cleaner restrooms at a gas station in Blythe.  Next time I'll probably just hit the drive through.....
4	I went to this In-N-Out for lunch after spending a long hot morning at the Autoplex looking at cars.  It was a welcome relief to step into the cool restaurant and get a double double, fries and a LARGE iced tea to quench our thirst.  The meal was very good, the counter help was nice and the restaurant was clean, including the restroom.  The place was packed but we were lucky to score a table without any trouble.
5	Cheap, fast, great quality food. I'm from the east coast and never understood the in n out hype but now I can say I am officially a convert. I think my boyfriend saying "this tastes like a burger I would take off the grill at home" sums the food up perfectly. It's not your typical frozen, preservative laden piece of meat. On top of that, the fries are fresh cut daily and are delicious. Would eat this over the other big name fast food joints any day of the week.
2	When I first moved to Phoenix to live with my boyfriend I asked him to take me to In-N-Out since everyone seems to love this chain so much. When we went I just got a regular burger and my boyfriend got an animal style one, my boyfriend also mentioned that their fries are kinda soggy and gross so we ordered them well done.Anyways my excitement quickly diminished when I took my first bite, I was just like, "Ew this is what all the excitement's about?", I was starting to wonder if people in the west have never had a decent burger!My burger was boring and just whatever, I've had better fast food.My BF's tasted like burnt mustard, pretty gross.The fries apparently were a lot better well done but still totally bland..they tasted like something you could get from the freezer section at any grocery store.Other than that the place was kinda dirty, maybe we got there after a rush, but the employees were all super nice!Maybe I'll go and give them another try sometime..but I'm hesitant.
4	Haven't found many who don't like In n Out, and now there is one right up the street from my work, so found me a new lunch time spot!  Love me a cheeseburger & fries animal style and a good old chocolate shake! For you all that don't like burgers, they also make a bad ass melted cheese sammy, go crazy and make it animal style!!
4	Always a great burger.  They are hot, juicy and delicious.  They lost a star for having someone yelling order numbers over the intercom all lunch hour.  I've been here several times and never seen them do that.  It was annoyingly loud and distracting.  Oh well, the food is still fabulous.
4	I am very glad they don't have In N Outs in Chicago; that would be dangerous! Loved my animal style burger and my strawberry shake!
5	I love this place. One of my favorite burger joints. I have been to In N Outs before but recently friends have exposed my to the "secret" menu. Double Doubles are great but they are awesome when you get them animal style. 3X3 animal style forget about it. I have died and gone to cheeseburger heaven. Also love the fact that this one is close to work and home.Such a simple menu, burgers, fries, shakes and drinks but it is when you get into the customization that you find the magic of In N Out. Animal style burgers, grilled cheese sandwiches, animal style fries, etc. The combinations expand so much just by adding a few simple things to an already simple menu.The staff is awesome too. No one ever seems to have a bad day and be grumpy. They are always in a great mood. It borders on creepy because everyone who works there is so nice and looks like they are from the 50s. It borders on the Stepford Wives almost. Maybe we are just so used to less than perfect service that when we get great service we don't know how to handle it.Can't go wrong with a 3X3 animal style, fries and a chocolate shake. Love it. Best place ever.
5	Always have been a fan of In n Out. This is my favorite location. Speedy, friendly service, consistently excellent food, and close to my work and home easily accessible from the road. They always get my order right, ordering for a family of picky eaters can be tricky sometimes LOL. A hamburger, double meat, animal style, protein style with fries well done is my favorite!
5	Fantastic fast food. The fries are freshly sliced when you order them and not too salty.  But it's the secret menu burgers that make it so hard to live so far from an In-N-Out Burger.  Order a Double Double, Animal style and you'll understand why these are my favorite fast food burgers.  I miss In-N-Out with a passion.
5	I don't even know where to start when it comes to this place...let's just say the day I move out of AZ that's the ONLY thing I will miss about it is In n Out. I can't say the weather or the red mountains or lakes, nope...BUT I WILL for sure miss the burgers/fries of In n' Out. In a couple of weeks I will be there to splurge on another double double (I don't have it often). I try my best to resist, but the smell alone makes me crawl back to this comfort food and keeps me in the zone. See what I mean...I just had a moment.
5	Came to this location with a friend and we had an enjoyable lunch. We placed our order, got our drinks, and were on a quest for a table, and a gentleman offered us his as he was leaving. The table had barely been used and was still clean, so we seized the opportunity. The place was packed, as it was lunchtime, but within 5-7 minutes, we had our food, hot and fresh. I had my usual, the #3 combo and shared my fries with my friend. She had a burger and asked for grilled onions, only without the secret sauce...slightly Animal Style perhaps...and a milkshake to go with. Our food was just the way we like it and we ate and caught up on things with one another. We were no sooner done and one of the workers asked if he could take our tray and trash away. Talk about efficient service! They are on the ball with cleanup as well. I love this location, being it's not all that far from home. I can never say no ti In-N-Out Burger...it's a longtime fave and each time family members of mine visit from out of state, we make it a point to go there since they are fans as well.
5	Great eat. I went in for lunch and simply love this place. The staff is always super happy and the food is always perfect. Simple menu with fresh ingredients. I always get the cheeseburger protein style. I can't get enough of the fresh fries! I personally don't care for the animal style but that's merely a personal preference.
5	How can I not give this place five stars??! I love these burgers and fries! The employees are always friendly and fast! Two thumbs waaaay up!
4	What can I say. I am a hamburger slut. When I lived in Seattle I pined for the mecca of In-N-Out. Definitely a plus to moving to the Phoenix area.Here are 2 major things I like about In-N-Out in in general: protein style and the fries. I've eaten at this location, oh, hmmm.. a "few" times now. I have noticed some quality differences. Sometimes the fries are a little dry. Or a little mushy (which is exactly how I like them actually.) Sometimes my burger tastes a little bit like onions (which I like) and sometimes it doesn't. I've tried ordering w/onions and w/grilled onions but it doesn't give it the same taste. Sometimes the tomatoes suck and I take 'em off. Those inconsistencies are what is adding up to this place not getting 5 stars. But, of course, I'll be back.
1	WTF? How does this dump rate a 4 star average. I've tried this place 3 times and each time I have been underwelmed. I've heard a lot of people talk reminicently of how great this place is but this has not been my experience. In my experience, the place always seem dirty. The staff is not friendly at all, just trying to rush you along. The burger tasted like it was under a lamp for hours... I'll say this, it was consistent as it was exactly like this all 3 times I went. This is fast food so my expectations weren't that high but I'd rather go to Carl's Jr. or Burger king before I would go here.
4	always good - the perfect junk food fix that really tastes good...my guilty pleasurethe team here is consistently efficient & friendly
5	So good. Why can't you be on the east coast?  Absolutely fantastic!
5	Wow this location is super busy. This is especially true at lunch time. I love that they have someone outside taking orders so that you can breeze through the drive thru even when the line is ten cars deep. They do a good job keeping it clean. The food is always amazing and never disappoints. I will come back very often.
4	You just can't go wrong here.  In N Out is just AMAZING. They're fast, but their speed does not take away their quality. Yum yum.. don't forget to ask for some spread..
5	Delicious food. Friendly and super speedy service. The only problem is the rude people who don't understand how a drive thru line works! LOL!
4	Had my first experience with a In-N-Out grilled cheese today with grilled onions. Amazing! A must try if you love cheese! Look up the secret menu online before going in to find many more tasty gems. Service was fantastic as usual. Overall great! Love me some In-N-Out!
4	I got here sometimes when I am traveling for work. Always superb but overrated by some.
2	It's true : Having grown up in California, I love me some In-N-Out!It's definitely over hyped, but the food is consistently delicious. They do the best job of lettuce wrapping burgers around, make that animal style with my fries done extra crispy. They pay and treat their employees much better than their industry counterparts, which explains the fabulous customer service. Haha, give me a break, it's almost non existent ... At least at this location recently. Seeing as this In-N-Out is by my office, it's convenient and I used to come here often when I was a young, dumb fool that thought it was OK to go out for lunch daily. I never remember having problems with my food or the employees. Dropped in here last Sunday to grab a #2 to go: Animal Style, Protein Style, Extra Crispy Fries.Kayla the cashier was beyond rude and made it visibly known that taking my or anyone else's order was a complete inconvenience to her. I asked twice to make sure she noted Protein Style. Dirty looks and a yes. Practically threw my card and receipt back at me. When I looked at my receipt, I saw it wasn't listed. Kevin calls me up to grab my order, and I asked if this was done Protein Style. He said no but would happily remedy this. Usually Four stars for the food. Four stars for Kevin, ZERO stars for Kayla. I don't come here very much, but I will likely stick to the In-N-Out on Chandler and Price from here on out when I decide to indulge.Sorry for the two star rating, In-N-Out, but maybe you should consider removing this superbrat from a customer facing position or not hiring these types all together.
5	I grew up on In N Out in California - and have loved it for years. This location is close to work and I come here infrequently. Just like most locations, it's always consistent and good. I like getting whole grilled onions on a cheeseburger or double. Employees are always friendly - never had a bad experience. There's very few places I can say that about. Mmm-mmmmmomma.
5	This is a very popular location and I can see why! The food was consistent with Traditional In-N-Out Burger. Customer service was great! The good was very good! We got good seating and parking! No complaints!
5	The service at this In and Out was absolutely took notch. You would swear you were actually in a restaurant with a server. Kevin one of the attendants or servers so was pleasant and nice but also went around to ask each table how their meal was and throw finished items away. Super impressed! Great recruiting In and Out the service was great.
5	Well what can I say but this place put every other burger joint to shame in terms of fast food. It's also extremely cheap for what you get so if you need fast food on a budget you want it to still taste good go here
5	We are visiting az from New Mexico.... My husband is from California so he has been here. I have not... With that being said the food was great and everyone was super friendly!!! Thanks for a great experience!! :)
5	In N Out has always been love at first taste. A must know for newbies- eat the fries first, they're not as good after cooling off.  I love the shakes, and there burgers are so simple, yet soo amazing. The employees are super friendly with cute hats. I love that they do protein style, and the secret menu is fun.  Warning- I've never once been to an In n Out,  at anytime of day/night that wasn't packed. It's almost part of the ambiance. :)
4	You can't go wrong with an in and or burger, and there really isn't much to say because that all they pretty much have. This location is nice and clean and the staff is great. Only complaint i have was the obnoxiously loud retarded high school kids, and them not having respect for the older folks outside who came to have a nice meal and chat. Poor people had their attention more to them than their actual food.
5	Still love this In-N-Out, & all of them!  Finally made it back here today, joined by Mike C. and Jackie R.  I went with a Double Double (Cheeseburger), a Fries (well done) and a Chocolate Shake.  All were just great, there wasn't much of a line to order at about 11 this morning, and we got comfortable indoor booth seating without waiting.  (Please refer to my previous Review below for more info.)Todays prices were:  Double Double $3.35, Fries $1.60, Chocolate Shake $2.10=$7.05  ...an amazing lunch for the money, as always, at this terrific family owned non-franchise burger chain!     :-))
5	So true story. Went today to get lunch for myself and co-worker. The day after Xmas is busy so I wait in drive thru for 10 minutes. Get to the window to pay and realize I forgot my wallet!!  I figured that's it. All that time wasted and I'll have to come back. Well I told the cashier at the window and he promptly handed me my food and said don't worry about it!!!  How awesome is that!!  Of course I'm going  back to pay right now. But they went above and beyond and did a really cool thing today. Thanks !!
4	Wow this In-N-Out was packed to the gills today! Despite the crowd of people, service was fast, accurate, and efficient. There were so many customers at 3 P.M. on a Friday that people dining in had to wait and keep an eagle eye on tables to open up. After trying in vain to acquire 3 tables with no avail, I finally snagged one after maneuvering my way to a table whose patrons had just left.Even though we were eating at a fast food restaurant, I appreciated the fact that they had a staff member on hand only to clean up, wipe down tables, and take away trays as needed. He was very friendly and attentive.As for the food, consistently good as always. My personal favorite to order is a protein and animal style burger with well done fries!
