5	I love this park. It's my favourite place in Edinburgh, so close to the city yet so peaceful.   There are so many paths that it's easy to while away a few hours here and not even realize it, it's always busy with folk out walking/jogging/running/cycling/feeding the ducks/having a picnic/playing sports/kite flying/sledging and on Sunday's the bottom road is closed to traffic.The Rangers often put on events for kids & adults - bat counts, guided walks etc. https://www.historic-scotland.gov.uk/index/places/events.htmThere are toilet facilities down at the Education Centre and the Centre itself often has exhibitions and stuff on.  If you don't want to venture off the beaten track or tackle the Crags, then there's a path all the way round that takes less than an hour to walk right round.  There are great views of Edinburgh Castle as you hit the last bit of hill.The views from the Crags or Arthur's seat are amazing. You can see right down the coast, out to the Forth Bridges and Fife and over to the Pentlands on a clear day. Over Duddingston way you can get to Dr Findlay's garden, up the lane at the side of the car park. There's the ruins of St Anthony's chapel to explore if you want a wee climb but don't fancy going as high as the top of the Crags or Arthur's seat.  The other reason I love the park is for watching the fireworks during the Tattoo or the ones at the end of the Festival.  It's not as crowded as Princes Street or Calton Hill. Take a torch and a flask, climb up the path above the Crags in daylight and settle down to watch the best show in town.  You won't regret it.
4	Holyrood Park is a fab place!  a massive green space right in the centre of the city with paths for running, cycling, and if you're really ambitious a bit of trail running!  there are numerous walkign routes to get to the top of arthur's seat as well so defintiely a great place if you like the outdoors and are in need of some fitness.the view here are amazing, as mentioned in the other reviews!  on a clear day from the top of arthur's seat you can see all of edinburgh in one direction and out over to fife in the other.  looking up to the top of arthur's seat and the crags is also a fab view, especially with a clear blue sky!so why four stars?  well on a sunny day this place is PACKED!  which makes it a bit difficult if you are trying to use the paths for running or cycled.  also, while this isn't a fault of the park, it's sooooo hilly!  and i also find it quite windy, so not my favourite training location when i'm out on a run.  however, the natural beauty this place brings to edinburgh is undeniable!
3	This park definitely is 'A-OK'. THe term 'park' might be misleading. It doesn't have any play area, it's more a large expanse of grass. But the fact that it's a large expanse of grass at the foot of an extinct volcano and beside the Queen's Palace, well then.. it's a pretty lucky piece of grass.It also hosts the start of races, like the Movember race, and used to host Foodies Festival until it moved to Inverleith Park.It's great for walking dogs on too.
