4	I decided initially on Fiesta due to their location and ability to schedule appoint with a working mom. My LO had torticollis and needed some help. Our peditrician had referred him to a different office that blantely said they couldn't help me with my schedule.Once decided it still took them a while to schedule an appointment, because all of a sudden there were no openings. Then there was a maybe and so with the scheduler " Al' on the phone I took the day off, while at work. He would call me back. Nothing happened for 10 days, so I call them and yes there was one opening. Initially I need PT and OT. We went in for OT and actually met the owner Beth, she was very nice and when I explained it took me  2 months to schedule, she apologized and was very firm about me being able to schedule. I wasn't the only working mom right. She even asked me who in scheduling took that time to not get me in sooner. She went to the front desk and came back with an appoinment on the day that worked best for me. She was so friendly with my LO when she did her observation.At the next appointment we met Shelly who was going to do the PT with my LO. She again was very nice to work with and still is.Now we were relying on getting the weekly appointment scheduled on my day off. They are a very busy office. All of a sudden the whole somewhat negative experience with Al changed. Joanne called me 3 times to let me know she was working her hardest to move other families around so I could get a weekly spot on my day off and yay she managed and so kudos to Joanne.The office is very nice and clean. Now I am really happy to go there
4	Very clean and nice place. However you feel like ur just a number. Almost like a doctors office, you go in and out like ur just a dollar sign to them...And I like to have direct contact with the therapist and at this office u can't. You have to go through the front desk to decide the scheduling. It bothers me that therapist don't handle their own patients and their own schedule. Any other therapy facility that I've been to I handle schedules on a more personal level with the therapists. Also, they just cut my sons speech therapy from a 45 minute session to 25 minute session. Which sucks!! Because it's not worth it to me to go there for only a 25 min session. So I took him off the speech schedule. If I find another place i am going elsewhere. I just don't feel like they get personal with you. And sometimes becoming close and  personal with ur patients is just what is needed for advancement with developmental delays.
5	My son goes here for speech, OT, and PT. We love it there and all the therapist are so great!
1	My child in this clinic has been switched from clinicians at least 5 times within the course of 5 months. How do they expect for my child to excel in therapy when he is switched so many times. It takes a child time to adjust to a new clinician and once they get used to them they get switched again. At this clinic they also have speech assistants treat stuttering which they are not qualified to treat. They do not do whats best for the client they do whats best for themselves. When I was given feedback about my child the therapist only took 2 minutes and quickly moved on to there next kid. I feel like a number here and have decided to go some where else. I highly do not recommend this place. There are better places to take your child where it will not feel like they are a number. Don't let yourself fall by all the toys they have in the clinic. Looks can be deceiving.
