5	Good food. Nice place friendly staff A++++ Highly recommended. Right in the middle of old town.
5	Great food, great service, enjoyed our dinner!!! Will definitely go back again to try other menu items.
4	I noticed this lounge when I was looking at nearby places on Yelp! Since it's right in my neck of the woods I couldn't wait to check it out. When my good friend Carrie wanted to have dinner and catch up on a Friday night I suggested this spot. We got there first and got a table. It was great we were immediately greeted and our waitress came over and I told her two more people were coming and we'd just start with water. I started to look over the menu as Carrie and her hubby walked in. The menu has lots of sandwiches and salads. It reminded me of almost a deli menu, but in a bar. Love it! Plus, all their meat is from Boarshead which I love as well. I was looking forward to chicken wings that I read someone say they had on Yelp. There were no wings on the menu. I decided on the pastrami ruben, but with no sauerkraut. Joel ordered the pastrami burger. Carrie had the pulled pork and her hubby Mike had the roast beef dip. Our food came out pretty fast. Only two things were forgotten our ranch that we asked for when we ordered and they put sauerkraut on my sandwich. A lot of it! But instead of saying anything cause I was so hungry I just scraped off what I could. I loved the grilled rye bread and the fries were really tasty. Plus, it was piled high with pastrami. I also loved that everyone got a huge pickle with their sandwich. Everyone else at the table liked what they ordered and cleaned their plates. The staff was super friendly and did after we asked again bring us a lot of ranch. The decor is kinda modern and I love the view that all the windows give you of Water street. I'd definitely want to go back for their happy hour and for dinner again. Their prices are very reasonable when it comes to food. I didn't get to see a drink menu, but I heard they make an excellent Bloody Mary which I can't wait to try. Berwicks is a great new spot for Henderson locals.
5	I've gone out to a few bars here in Henderson, and none of those places can rival the wings that are offered here. I ordered the medium wings and they were, fresh, crispy and amazing.  I washed them down a good ol' Corona. Service was amazing, and the bartender Nikki, was on top of it all. Will be back again!
3	I'm always happy to have new places pop up in my neighborhood and this is a nice addition. I really like the bar area, comfortable seating, lots of space and a great beer selection. The server even offered a sample of a new beer from Joseph James which was good. My husband and I went to watch a Thursday football game and get some dinner. His pastrami sandwich was good and the sweet potato fries were awesome. My Greek salad was just OK. It was mostly lettuce but the ingredients were fresh. The booth seats were not very comfortable so I'll stick to the bar next time. I'll be back to try some of their burgers and get more of the sweet potato fries.Staff was very friendly. I wish we could watch Sunday games here and get their bloody mary with bacon but they don't have the NFL ticket yet, just network games.  I would give it 3.5 stars if I could.
4	Great food. I'm trying to promote for you but your website doesn't work. It would be nice to have a online menu. Just a suggestion.
5	We walked over here to eat a late lunch after picking up some goodies at Flemming's bakery.  I had the chicken wrap with sweet potato fries and he had the classic burger with coleslaw.  Everything was really good.  Along with the check our waitress brought 2 ginger snaps - soft and delicious.  We will be back!
5	Been coming here since they open and the only reason I come back is KRISTI the day shift bartender 9am-4pm. The best bartender ever! Makes u feel like u matter and excellent customer service!
2	I have been there twice now, didn't want to write a bad review based on 1 visit, especially since they just opened.   But after today definitely won't go back. Do not sit in a booth!  There are big crossboards poking through that are very uncomfortable. I had the lunch special,  a turkey and ham sandwich on a sub roll. Absolutely awful.  There was a lake of water/mayo on my plate after one bite that dripped out of my sandwich. The cook must have no experience. The two slices of tomato were hot, like fresh out of the microwave,  and ruined. My friend had their avocado BLT,  and the bacon was so burnt she couldn't eat it. But they gave us a $1.50 discount off of our bill. The waitress tried her best, but good service can't make up for lousy, over priced food. Probably an ok place to drink at. But I do not recommend it for lunch. Too bad, was excited for a new lunch place right by my office.
