3	Some of the best thin-crust pizzas in town - especially the wise guy!Prices are very reasonable - Service is friendly and attentive, yet inconsistent.
5	Rare Earth has the best super-thin crust gourmet pizzas I've ever tasted.  The Godfather pizza, with its peppers, sausage, olives, prosciutto, etc is amazing!  However a glass of wine is a must or the flavors are a bit overpowering (and to be fair, Rare Earth *is* a wine bar; the pizzas were designed to accompany wine).  Also amazing is the salad with the pears, blue cheese, and candied walnuts... I forget what it is called, but yum!
3	There are at least 5 white wines and 5 red wines to choose from for $5/glass during happy hour (4-6). I enjoyed the pinot grigio and the cab. I would advise you to stay away from the happy hour Merlot. If your in the mood for a glass of Merlot try the Velvet Devil that unfortunately is not part of the happy hour special. We started with a cheese plate, which came with with lavosh, apples, dried apricots, pistachios, and about 3 or 4 different cheeses. Their artichoke dip was melt in your mouth yummy and only $5. I couldn't get enough of it. I'm craving it again right now! They also have a thin crust margarita pizza for $6 during happy hour. Loved it as well! We ended the night with some yummy Biscotti. Now I am not really a fan of Biscotti, but this tasted like a soft chocolate chip cookie. Some other happy hour specials that we didn't try are $3 beers and $4 Caesar salad. The have some couches in a corner inside and a huge balcony patio. Which will be a great spot to have drinks and enjoy the lovely view once it cools down. I will admit there weren't many people here on a Friday night for happy hour and it didn't really pick up until we were heading out after 8pm, but we were in such great company with great wine and food that we didn't realize we'd spent 4 hours here when we left.
5	For the past three years, this has been our favorite local place for a light meal and drink - their pear, cheese, walnut salad is big enough for two to share and never disappoints.  As others have reported, their thin crust pizzas are excellent.  Happy hour food and drink specials and half-price wine on Monday night are extra incentives to try this spot.When the weather is ideal, the patio is a wonderful place to eat and relax.
4	Love their Pizza - Super thin crust, just enough char, and creative selection of toppings. Especially love the fig and prosciutto. Nice selection of wines to mix and match. Nice to sit outside at dusk and watch the mountains change colors as the light fades. This is a comfy casual place, but not cheesy. Friendly staff, and very knowledgeable about their wines. Adult crowd, and not a scene. Very pleasant evening and their Pizza is amazing.
4	we had a coupon for this place and were a bit confused as the coupon stated "rare earth pizza and wine bar" but when we arrived it was "rare earth coffee and wine bar". since it was about 3pm, we were the only people there...even better! we had the whole patio to ourselves. we ordered the strawberry and spinach salad and made our own pizza...mushroom and garlic. the salad was heavy on the goat cheese which is awesome! the pizza was baked perfectly, thin and crispy, with loads of garlic. the sauce? not enough "tomatoey" taste, but still...we love pizza and this did us well. without the coupon, the meal was 30 bucks (salad, pizza, one beer, one wine). we checked out the happy hour menu and it looked like a pretty good deal!
4	Awesome thin crust Pizza and good wine.  Great patio
4	This place is very cute, kind of up on a hill so you can have a great view if you are there around the time the sun sets. We had a groupon and came on a tuesday during happy hour (every day 4-6pm) and got food off the happy hour menu: artichoke dip with homemade crackers yum!, caesar salad (a little spicy from the anchovies, my friend didn't like it), and the margherita pizza. I like that their pizza is thin crust so it was very crunchy. The servers were really nice and they had a roll a pair of dice game to win free food and prizes on tuesdays. We didn't win, but I did get a coupon for next time to come back at any time and I would get happy hour prices. We got dessert to go, chocolate dipped strawberries and fudge cheesecake, so good! They also have beer for $3 and a glass of wine for $5 during happy hour, but we didn't get that. I really like the service and was surprised it wasn't crowded. I guess it's kind of out of the way from downtown. Good for a date!
4	Rare Earth is a great place for me for many reasons.It's conveniently close to home--10 minutes down the road.  Nothing much is close to home for me.  A small handful of restaurants, not many of which are kid-friendly.  So this is a big deal.They are kid-friendly.  Not like they have a kid-menu type of kid friendly.  But there are lots of kids (at least, at the time we went--around 5p) and the restaurant is cool about it.  They have a nice happy hour!  A bunch of wines and beers for $5 and $3, respectively.  Margherita pizza for $6, artichoke dip for $5-6 (I can't remember) and caesar salad for $4.  The marg pizza was really good and pretty large.  The artichoke dip was tasty as well.  I had a glass and a half of good malbec, which was such a steal for $5 a glass.  We also had a chicken couscous dish/salad, with red onion, pistachio and driep apricots.  Very tasty!  Three glasses of wine, a beer, a marg pizza, artichoke dip and couscous chicken salad for $44 during happy hour.  Steal.Not sure why we waited so long to stop in but we'll definitely be back.
3	Our appetizer was yummy.. we had the artichoke dip. The pizza was just okay. I would suggest something else food-wise. The atmosphere is ok, service was good. BUT they close really early - 9pm or so even on Friday and Saturday nights! This is probably a better family restaurant than one for date night without the kids.
5	Visited Rare Earth with a Groupon with a friend for a Friday lunch.  Shared the Caprese Salad, the Meatball Pizza and a glass of Boom Boom Syrah (OK, that I didn't share but my friend was driving soooo...)I will definately be back even without the Groupon, the salad was amazing the pizza was thin and crispy, perfectly done, and the bartender/server Robert was wonderfully attentive!!Looking forward to bringing a date or a group of friends !!!
5	Great casual place for the best thin crust piza in the Valley...loved the wine list but the service made the place. Can't wait to come back to take advantage the great happy hour specials.
3	Food is good, the pizza is great!  They need to improve the service and be more engaging with customers.  And make the ambiance more inviting.  Never seen a wine bar with so little comfortable seating.  They could take a cue on that from Uncorked.  Closes too early and need more fun events, instead of stuff like "yoga & wine".  Deck view nice when the weather is cool, can't fault that.
3	Rare Earth is a pretty nice place.  Their patio has a great view, but would be better if they put in high tables and chairs so that you could see the mountains over the balcony railing.  The service is good and the wine list is nice with prices that are similar to most restaurants in the area.  The pizza is just ok.  I thought the toppings were fresh and tasted fine, but the thin crust lacked flavor - just a bit too much like a cracker (try a really great pizza from Grimaldi's down the road for comparison).  I paid $10 for a pizza that is plenty for one and enough as a light dinner for two - a reasonable price.  If I lived closer, I might be back, but it is not worth a drive out of town.  Also, Grimaldi's is pretty close so....One of the other posters suggested that they combined a groupon with happy hour prices.  Maybe their policies have changed since then, but they will not give you happy hour prices if you use a groupon, so don't bother trying to get there by 6.
4	Rare Earth is still one of our favorite local spots where we always take visitors and house guests.  It is close, has good ambience and consistently good food.  Their salads and thin-crust pizzas are excellent and not too filling so you can leave room for one of their yummy desserts.  Happy-hour deals on wine, beer and snacks are great if you can beat the 6:00 pm cutoff.  Service is sometimes a tad too relaxed (at least by US standards), but our server recently comped our group some late delivered desserts - a very good recovery.Recommended!
3	Visited Rare Earth last night, a Monday at about 7pm. We were greeted by an amazing hostess who was on the ball saw us approaching and had the door open for us as we walked up. The restaurant was packed, we sat at the last table available. While I loved the busy ambiance, I wasn't too big a fan of the layout. There were a couple of couches off in a corner and then just a bunch of very spread out tables all over. If you're going for the coffee/winebar crowd, I think it needs to feel a little cozier inside. At 35 we were the youngest people in there by at least 10 years though, so maybe that's part of it.Mondays are half off bottle of wine night, which is a great deal when combined with a groupon. We had the Grenache which wasn't the best, and the Couscous which was amazing. Really well prepared, whole pistachios, dried apricot, yum! For dinner we split the 4 cheese pizza which was also very good. Our service was not great but acceptable.Overall, we liked it. If we lived closer we'd probably go now and then but I wouldn't say it's a must try or anything. I do think the decor was really nice and if they just decided to be a cozy winebar and switched up the seating a little, it would be a lot better and would be somewhere I'd go more often. It was a great great value.
1	REALLY DISAPPOINTED!   If it wasn't for the "groupon"  I would have felt mugged. My date and I went for some pizza and wine. An HOUR later our "pizza" arrived.  A burnt-lavosh cracker is NOT a pizza folks.   I am all about a thin crust pizza but this was not thin crust pizza it is a lavosh topped with a miserly amount of cheese and burnt black.   The wine pour was meager at best as well.   If you think seven dollars for about 3oz. of wine with an eleven dollar cracker is good eats , then this is the place for you.   It is a day later and I am still irritated thinking I wasted my time and money here.   They do supply blankets if you eat outside.  I guess propane space-heaters were too expensive.
2	kinda pretentious staff...the kind of, "i know they started a convo about me as soon as I left" vibe... Tthe food was pretty dang good...Happy Hour specials were pretty awesome as well...just kinda felt uncomfortable, as the wait staff were overly annoyed that people were using Groupons..I have to say Rare Earth just is not worth the drive...
3	I tried Rare Earth for the first time as a solo diner.  Often a good way to get the take on a new restaurant.  I sat at the bar which has surprisingly uncomfortable seating.  Really hard seats that cut me in the back of the knees.  The wine selection is nice.  Not big but two or three choices of each variety.I ordered a glass of wine,  a small House salad and a pizza.  The server behing the bar was "professionally friendly"  Then the wait began.  Fifteen minutes passed and I still had no salad.  I was able to get the servers attention and asked about my salad. She didn't check on the status of the salad but gave the excuse that several people had come in around the same time that I did.Just about 3 minutes later both my salad and my pizza came out at the same time.  Very disappointing.  I wanted to eat my salad but I didn't want my pizza to go cold.  Note: This is extremely thin pizza...like a cracker crust...so it goes cold very quickly.The server offered to send the pizza back to keep it hot but since it had fresh tomato on it, I didn't want the pizza to be ruined.The house salad was fresh, good mushrooms and shaved pecorino cheese.  There were lots of red onions and the dressing, a house vinaigrette was very strong "and vinegary". For me the onion and vinegar were just overwhelming and I would not order that particular salad again.The pizza had a good amount of toppings and held together pretty well, even considering how thin the crust is. I would like to try this restaurant again because there were several things on the menu that sounded really good.4 stars for the pizza, 2 stars for the salad that I ordered and 3 stars for the service.
5	Great salads, pizza and wine selection. Hope I have room for a dessert next time.
4	So glad we got to try this place! A girlfriend and I went here last night for a late supper and wine and it was very nice. Firstly, what great service! We called them at 8:40 and told them we were on our way. They told us the kitchen closed at 9 but they'd wait for us. We got there at 8:55 and felt like we needed to rush. The server and hostess told us not to worry at all, to take our time and left us with the menus. They came back to take our wine order and didn't rush us on the food order at all. The wine list was pretty good though I was sad that I didn't see any local wine offerings. We sat out on the patio which was very large and really nice with views of the surrounding mountains and the "fire bowls" (I have no idea how else to describe them) were a very nice touch.I enjoyed a glass of the Montepulciano and the pour was generous. It was a nice glass to have with my meal.Food was great and came out really fast! I had the spinach and strawberry salad and added sirloin (I like alliteration in my food, apparently). The regular sized salad is gigantic! I had half for dinner and half for lunch today. The flavors in the salad were awesome; the goat cheese was mild and not over-powering, the spinach was very fresh and not wilty at all, steak was well cut and cooked with no fatty bits or gristle and the dressing worked together to balance the sweetness of the strawberries with the tang of the cheese and the mild spice of the beef. It's a far drive for me but I am sure I will be there again when I'm up that way visiting friends.
5	Hello Friends,If you are looking for something off the beaten path, and ever so delicious - be sure to check out Rare Earth Pizza and Wine Bar in Scottsdale.  Rare Earth breathes fresh life into the pizza restaurants that are plentiful in Scottsdale. Rare Earth has a magnificent view of Troon Mountain and Pinnacle Peak, being that it sits on the second floor of their building.  When you walk in, you are welcomed immediately by their hostess and seated at your choice of their patio or indoor seating.  Their seating includes comfortable sofas and chairs, as well as plentiful tables.  On Saturday night, they have live music from 6-9 p.m. On this particular evening, we started with their appetizer pretzel board (8.00).  I have been noticing lately how the pretzel bread is becoming more mainstream table bread.  Excellent choice on the pretzel board, as it comes with two large soft fresh baked pretzels, along with your choice of three dips (peanut butter, honey, mustard, chocolate, and soft cheddar cheese).  The soft cheddar cheese has just a hint of spice to it, and melts easily on the warm hot pretzel.  Delicious!Amidst your ample serving of carbohydrates, one must get their vegetables in!  One cannot go wrong with their Spinach Strawberry salad (8.50), a combination of fresh spinach, strawberries, red onions, topped with sliced almonds and goat cheese. Their poppy seed vinaigrette dressing compliments the already flavorful combination of salad ingredients.For the main event of pizza, I ordered "The Bob" (14.00).  The Bob pizza combines red sauce, mozzarella, grilled chicken, tomatoes, pine nuts, basil, on a thin crust that holds strongly all of the above ingredients in a unforgettable combination of taste.  If you order this pizza, you certainly will be able to share, if you care to!Their wine selection is ample and plentiful.  If you are looking for a slightly dry, yet fruity white wine pairing - their 2009 A to Z Pinot Gris, Newburg, OR (9.00 by the glass) is a must to try. This of course is just a few of their many selections on their full menu.  One can also order one of their signature sandwiches or even build their own pizza.  At Rare Earth Restaurant, you will not be without options. We experienced live music the Saturday evening we were there.  A solo artist, who sang 70s-90s cover songs.  Easy on the ears and provided a great and cozy atmosphere to our evening out.  Our service was prompt throughout the evening.  Rare Earth Pizza and Wine Bar is rare for good reason, as it stands out unique from the many a pizza restaurant one can find in Scottsdale.Your Honored Guide,--Christina
4	While it is a bit of a drive to get to Rare Earth, we've designated this as our preferred pizza and wine spot as it's well worth the trip.  This restaurant offers a quality that so many seem to lack: consistency.  The pizzas are always made with the same high quality ingredients, the crust is always the same crispy, thin crust that we love, and the salads are always made with the same fresh ingredients.  It seems that this is such a simple concept, yet so many restaurants, particularly pizza places, fail to realize the importance that customers place in knowing what they are getting when they order the same item on two different occasions.We typically get the caesar salad and the margherita pizza with mushrooms, onions, and green peppers on it and both items are excellent.  Their selection of wines by the glass is a bit limited, but there are some drinkable options for both red and white wines.  The only suggestion that I have is that it would be nice if they were to extend their happy hour until 7pm rather than 6pm as it is nearly impossible for anyone who does not live or work in the immediate vicinity to take advantage of the happy hour pricing given the drive needed to get there.  The only real drawback is that during most of the times that we've been there on Saturday nights for the live music that is offered, it seems that families with small children tend to frequent the place and there is nearly always some loud, crying child that disrupts the otherwise relaxing environment, which is a particular pet peeve of mine. The bottom line here, though, is that this is definitely a place worth trying out!
4	The place is known for their pizza and it's great if you like the gourmet pizza.  I had the margarita pizza and their Philly Cheese sandwich. yummy.
4	I would give Rare Earth a 3.5, but I'm giving it a 4. It's really close to home and there aren't that many restaurants in Troon. There food is good, but the menu is very minimal. The wait staff is nice, but they're always short. The bartender is usually the waiter, the bus boy and probably the cook.
4	Very cool neighborhood restaurant and wine bar in North Scottsdale.  The bartender was extremely friendly and helpful and the selection was great.  The pizzas looked fantastic, so we'll be coming back to try them out!
3	Very relaxing peaceful place to dine, a very intimate group of people. The food is delicious and the wine selection is great, and you can get a bottle half price if you love one of them. The music talent is always great. The dinner menu is super tasty and reasonably priced as well. Awesome Happy Hour too, they got some tasty bites!!!
5	We love this place! First discovered through the use of Groupon almost a year ago, and have been back numerous times ever since.Happy hour specials are great, the food takes a bit of time to arrive, but is always worth the wait. It's not a place you want to be rushed out of anyway, so waiting a bit on a nice patio with a beautiful view is not so bad...The staff is nice, professional and friendly.  The only thing they could use are some misters on the patio, since it can be a little warm in the summer months up there.  Other than that, this place is perfect.  The art and the couches are great, we love it!
5	Went on a Saturday night for dinner. My server told me it was still happy hour till 6pm. I was able to get a wonderful glass of wine for $5 and ordered my starter and pizza. The food was amazing and the staff was really nice and professional. I was also able to enjoy life music which they have every Saturday night.  What a great evening !!
4	Would have been 5 stars but we sat there 15 minutes before we were even offered a beverage. Anyway, nice atmosphere and the food is killer. We had "The Popeye" artisan pizza....thin crust, caramelized red onions, mushrooms, fontina cheese, spinach and bacon.....POW!! Delicious. Many different wines (they sell bottles to go) and the beers on tap are only $4 per pint.
2	The pizza crust was paper thin, and the pizza wasn't seasoned very well.  I thought the pricing was a bit high for the quality of food.  Definitely not a Grimaldi's quality pizza.  I doubt I'll come back.
3	I really like Rare Earth.  I live close and it is the only thing around that fits when you want a wine bar unless you want to drive far.  I have been there many, many times.  The people are great and the food is delicious.  I am sorry to say this though....Their wine pours are ridiculous!  Very skimpy and for the price per glass it is a bit of an insult.  I mean come on.  Restaurants are already charging double the price of a bottle in the store and you should get 4 glasses .  I think they stretch it to six.  It is kind of a slap in the face.  I really would go more often for two glasses and a pizza but.......
3	Nice location very near home. Great thin crust pizza and plenty of wine. Weekly specials and live music every weekend. Had a nice time sitting on the outside second floor deck. Pricing is a little high but after all, it is north Scottadale.
4	Went there for dinner with my parents last night. Pizzas are great however I'd love to see ricotta cheese on the build your own pizza list. We all enjoyed wine and salads and the pizzas. Margarita pizza I thought was the best! Great food and atmosphere! Love this place!Service was young happy gentleman that was extremely attentive.
4	Enjoyed my BBQ chicken pizza and merlot very much. Prices did some rather high but I guess considering the ambiance, location and quality of food some might say it is worth it.
4	Went last weekend and really enjoyed it. I had the breakfast pizza and was not let down. I also had the salad with blue cheese and walnuts. I will say that the salad was incredible.  I will get that every time I go.The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is that the crust is a little thin for my taste and the wine list was a little small....me just being picky. Will return for sure!
4	Another cool spot found via Groupon.  Located all the way up near Troon North, there's no way we would have found this place on our own.There are a lot of interesting Pizzas on their menu, but I decided to order the Wiseguy Pizza (Pepperoni, Sausage, Salami, Proscuitto, Pepperoncini), $16.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rare-earth-scottsdale?select=x4f3MwAQt08eDOqBbxIxag#x4f3MwAQt08eDOqBbxIxagThe Better Half made her own Pizza (Sausage, Pepperoni, Mushrooms, Onions, Olives).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rare-earth-scottsdale?select=KnjgxSUGvqHG9EJwDRnhlA#KnjgxSUGvqHG9EJwDRnhlAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rare-earth-scottsdale?select=fSEzpCv89XBvCn_VB_Y5iA#fSEzpCv89XBvCn_VB_Y5iAThe Pizza is made with a thin Crust that's amazingly good....I really enjoyed my Wiseguy Pizza.  I also had a slice of TBH's Pizza and it was very good too.I wish this place was located closer to home.  I'd be here all of the time.Return Factor - 80%
5	You simply can't beat the thin crust Chicago pizza. Top it with their fabulous ceaser salad, and you have the perfect meal. Happy hour, great patio view, amazing staff, and that pretty much makes a great evening.
4	Last weekend I had the opportunity to head way out to the far extreme fringes of North Scottsdale and come across Rare Earth.  It is located somewhere between the end of the earth (preferable name for the restaurant - bar) and Troon North.The atmosphere is somewhere between the Hamptons meets the Sonoran desert.  My first impression was that it was the rich man's dive (neighborhood) bar equivalency.  Do not get me wrong, it is a nice place.The restaurant offers a panoramic view of the Sonoran mountain landscape.  The interior has the feel offer a coffee house cum wine bar with local art and Moroccan cushion stools.The clientele when I visited was mainly 50 plus professionals and young retirees.  The best part of the evening was the live jazz performed by Crystal Clark.  Her performances are always outstanding and this time was no exception!  However, please turn off the televisions!  The evening was filled with soft, elegant jazz with two televisions playing sports.  First off, this restaurant is serving wine and cocktails and virtually no beer.  Absolutely nobody is watch sports on the television! Nobody!  Turn the thing off and let us enjoy the live entertainment!I ordered the Margherita pizza which was done in a cracker thin crusty - yummy! and the Caesar salad also outstanding (add more anchovies and less lemon and it would be near perfect).Overall I must say that this place is out of the way, but definitely worth the visit.
2	Was visiting this establishment often until our last visit on Friday. Usually we're here for there happy hour. Very small happy hour menu with the regular stuff, pizza,Cesar salad, and artichoke dip. They were understaffed and after having to wait 20+ mins just for the check. Well, never again. Cool spot, horrible service.
5	A solid wine bar with a great patio for lunching. They have live music Friday + Saturday nights usually too.Everything I've ordered off the menu is DELICIOUS (The pizza? Gah, so good). A personal favorite is the turkey + brie sandwich with the strawberry, spinach salad. They're both amazing.
3	what happened to the bob???!!!!!!!
5	Excellent thin crust pizzas! We ordered a couple different pizzas and salads. They have a nice variety of wine too. Food and wine was delicious and the service was excellent. We came with friends and also brought the kids, which was not a problem. Highly recommend!
4	I was pleasantly surprised for a north Scottsdale restaurant. The pizza was thin, tasty and fresh from the oven.  The place is nice and the atmosphere is somewhat quiet which is good for an Italian theme restaurant. You can actually hear yourself talk.  Check out the 1/2 price wine, I think on Monday?  Favorite pizza place so far up north.
5	Great place - friendly staff, great live music, love the couscous & chicken. I keep saying I'm going to try something else but then I know I'll miss this tasty dish. Best to order it & share w someone who orders a pizza. Such a gem. Love it!
5	If you're looking for thin style crispy crust pizza this is the place to be...delicious pizza and really good atmosphere...
1	My husband and I were exciited to try Rare Earth for the first time last night but when we walked up to the deck  there was a private party that had reserved the place. It was embarrassing to say the least. A sign at the bottom of the stairs would have been helpful.
5	We come here a lot. One of our favorite go to places. They have amazing live music on the weekends and we can always count on great service and excellent food!  We are so lucky to have this close to home & love sharing such a great unique place with visitors & friends!
5	What a great find. It was like walking into a friend's house, cozy, warm, friendly, with lots of good food.  There was no noisy overhead background music playing , just a guy playing guitar and singing, which made it especailly enjoyable evening.  They have comfy overstuffed couches.  We started our evening at a table, but migrated to one of the sofa's to finish our thin crusted proscuitto and fig pizza, wine follwed by a tasty dessert of hot apple crisp with ice cream.
5	Love this place the past 10 years!  Can't beat the happy hour for Margherita Pizza, Pear Walnut Salad (best on top the slice) and 90 Schilling.  Yummy!
2	I used to adore Rare Earth. We went last night and boy has it gone downhill. It took the waitress 30 minutes to bring us wine and a glass of water. The restaurant was NOT busy and there were almost more staff than customers when we arrived. The waitress glared at my husband because we were about to order from the bar because we'd waited so long. We ordered the caprese which used to be good. It was served with cold stale toasts. Really? Shouldn't toast be oh...TOAST? Not from yesterday pulled from the fridge. The pizza was still good though so that was nice. The waitress had a chip on her shoulder though even before we got seated. A tip for management. Your customer shouldn't wait 30 min for a glass of wine in a wine bar during happy hour.
5	Tonight was that night you talk to your friends about. The Candor Zin was great. The music was worth the trip and the owner was in the house. MUST EAT. MUST DRINK.
5	This has always been one of my favorite restaurants!!  Go for the pizza and stay for the wine!  The owners are wonderful people, so I love supporting them.
4	Wonderful place for a nice relaxing happy hour. Rare Earth is perfect for Cave Creek residents who don't want to drive far and want to mix it up from the normal cowboy bar/coors light scene. While I love throwing on my boots and sitting on straw bales just as much as the next girl, sometimes it's nice to feel a little fancier. The patio is really nice and the menu has a lot of options. They even have blankets available if you want to sit outside but feel chilly, such a great touch. Service started off really slow but once we got rolling, food and drinks came out quickly. Happy hour here is perfect - from 4-6 pm everyday and $2 off wine & beer, $3 off all appetizers, discounted salads (can't remember exactly), and $6 margherita pizzas. - Pretzel Board: Yummy, soft, warm pretzels with your choice of dips. We got peanut butter and cheese. The cheese was so bad and disappointing. I was expecting cheesy fondue and it was tasteless. I've never met a cheese dip I didn't like, except canned orange nacho cheese, and this was that but even more mild. Like I couldn't taste anything at all. The peanut butter was awesome though. - Pear & Blue Cheese Salad: Eh, pass on the salads. It was so tiny but entree-priced. The dressing was really good (light and flavorful) but the salad overall fell flat to me. The blue cheese tasted low end and the walnuts were advertised as being sugar glazed but came out plain (not even toasted).- Margherita: While not the best thin crust pizza I've ever had, it was still very good and a great deal at $6. The crust is just a tad thinner than I'd like and the cheese was a little bare, but it had the wonderful smokiness from a wood fired oven and the flavors were very good. The olive oil was absolutely delicious. I definitely will be coming back here for HH wine & pizza out on the patio.
3	Fairly empty and bathrooms could have used a thorough cleaning. Nice menu, avg wine list and decent service.  Pizza are more like lavash with fresh ingredients (low grade goat cheese). Salad was fresh.  Just quintessentially average.
4	The bf wanted to take me out to dinner one lovely evening. I found a groupon for this place so I wanted to try it out. We ended up building our own pizza. Red sauce with fresh mozzarella, prosciutto, bacon, mushroom and green peppers. It was delicious!!!!  I also ordered the simple life wine that went perfectly with it. I loved it! Next time I'd like to try one of their specialty pizzas. I really liked this place. It really was the perfect date spot. There's a cute outdoor patio and they also have live music. They would get a five star if the location wasn't so far for us. It was a 45 minute drive. And the fact that they closed extremely early (9 pm) on a Friday night was a bummer. However, we didn't know this and got there at 8:40 and they were very accommodating. I'd definitely be back if it was closer.
5	Been coming for many years. Pizza as good as any I've had in Chicago, Boston or New York. Surpasses anything local, of course. Chicago pizza my favorite and the pear walnut salad. The leftovers are so tasty next day, get two for sure!
5	We love their pizza!  Rare Earth is one of our favorite places to eat and their happy hour is fabulous!
3	Don't go on a Friday night if you want good service! Our server took our order then didn't return until we were ready to go and had to track him down through another server. I have never been "forgotten" at a restaurant. I wanted so bad to love this place-live music, good food, cute patio w fire pits, and gorgeous views. Definitely worth checking out, but caution when going on a weekend. I would suggest the owners bring on another server or two. I'm sure my hubby and I will be back- may just take a little while to get the bad taste out of our mouths.
