4	At the moment, Third Street is the third station from the end of the line at Seventh Street. It is elevated above street level and from here, there is a short walk and a few steps (also a ramp) to access the Epicenter shopping/entertainment complex.Like other stations in the Uptown area, you can walk from here to the next one if it's easier than waiting for the next train. The station is located between the Stonewall station and the Convention Center/Arena station.I would not recommend this station for access to either the Arena or the Stadium, but it is useful if you're headed to the NASCAR Hall of Fame.
2	Oh my lord is all I have...We waited here for an hour yesterday at 10PM for a train...It was supposed to come around every 30 minute. As if every 30 minute is not long enough. We waited so long we literally decided to WALK. Tried calling the transportation system number at the bottom of the light rail map at the station, that was useless because I was talking to the machine. The machine could not tell me when the train would would come to a particular stop, just the final arrival time at the end of the line. Even more useless is obviously the train is running late so even if you try to do the math and subtract from the final arrival time, it will be pointless since the train is late. My experience last night will definitely be a story to tell many years from now. The light rail had soo much potential. Props to making each station so beautiful, but why not spend the money on making the system more efficient and user friendly. sigh. What is the point.
4	I'm all for public transportation, and in Charlotte... it's hard since we like our cars.  Although I love my car just as much as anyone else, it's nice to let someone else do the driving, especially when you have to worry about parking downtown or whatnot.I've been frequenting the 3rd Street Lynx station for a week or so now that I have a new employer so the Lynx park & ride scenario works best (instead of paying $$$ for parking space).  The station itself is pretty straight forward.  The last time the machine was broken so you had to walk across the tracks to grab a ticket, but hopefully they will have it up and running soon.There are some interesting light sculptures at this station.  They remind me up upside-down board game pieces that are Christmas colored.  At least they can keep the rain off of you as well as serve as a good conversation starter.
