3	Trent Carlini, "The Dream King" is one of the many tribute shows in Las Vegas.He is the best Elvis impersonator in the cityHe has a super stage show that covers several points of the life of "the King."With costume changes .....I took one of my friends who has been an Elvis fan for life. She was not sure about the show, but she was singing along with all the songs after the first number.When Trent came out in the White jumpsuit period, he gave away scarves to ladies in the audience while singing. She would not go up to the stage.She said, "it isn't the same .... he is not really elvis, and it would be silly."That did not stop about 50 other women who were remembering their past concert experiences.This is a good show if you like Elvis......It is a good show even if you do not like Elvis ..... it is well worth the money.You will have fun..... the people in the audience make it fun.
3	To say he is the best impersonator in the city would be true: he was voted as the #2 best Elvis impersonator (or tribute artist) in the world, and #1 doesn't work in Vegas.  Trent Carlini is an impressive example of one man's dedication to perfecting an impersonation of a legend that is adored by many.According to Aleza Freeman of Vegas.com, "Carlini, an award-winning Elvis Presley impersonator, pays a remarkably accurate tribute to The King - costumes and all - during his energetic show. Backed by a talented live band and beautiful backup singers, he skillfully croons Elvis' hits, ranging from the early years to the Vegas years. Some fans may recognize Carlini as a former headliner with "Legends In Concert," a show in which he performed for four years. More recently, Carlini won $100,000 and the title of "The Next Best Thing" when he competed against other celebrity impersonators and tribute artists on the ABC show by the same title."Clips of his win on "The Next Big Thing" along with video discussing why he got into impersonating Elvis are interspersed throughout during his costume changes, of which there are many.  He is fairly quick in changing and the band or his dancers cover for him well.  He started with the pelvis rocking and white suit and ends with the karate chopping body-suit that Elvis would where shortly before his untimely death.His voice is spot on.  I could see where others mentioned that he would pull the microphone away but overall he sang 85% of the words to each song and did so quite well.  Many of the songs had women running up to the stage to get a kiss or a scarf from Trent, which was quite entertaining.The cost is around $71.90 before taxes.  I would not recommend kids go to this show as 1) they may not care for plain music of Elvis and 2) the dancers are quite scantily clad in some parts.  Kids tickets are, however, $23.90.
4	AHHHHH the Sahara what a pile lol.  Trent you are real good and i enjoyed the background singers, they were hot.  Had a real good voice and the ladies really thought it was Elvis.  I hate to say it but i have been to this show twice.  Went in spring of 07 and fall of 07.  Both were the same show no changes.  Problem is that the guy really thinks he is Elvis and charges 20 bucks after the show to get a picture with the fake king.  I like Elvis so the show was fun for me and i went back.  But the guy is a real tool.
4	Hey the shows at planet hollywood!!!Trent is great, he deserves 5 stars but the show and room are not quite up to his par...he should have his band performing with him!  Trent seems to know hes getting the short end a bit and I think it irritates him...this is only because hes really ridiculously great at and dedicated to what he does.Still a must see in a trip to vegas if you arent a dork or a total tool.
5	awesomr show. the man sounds just like him. great if your an elvis fan.
1	Disappointed doesn't quite describe the way my party felt during Thursdays show; cheated, offended, and let-down come a little closer. From masturbating his guitar, spewing ethnic Jewish jabs at a patron, using the audience as a form of therapy regarding his divorce/break-up/loss of possessions/drug use/weight gain to never actually finishing a song in its entirety made my party walk out along with two other couples. I witnessed this decline at Planet Hollywood and felt inclined to give Trent one more try; never again. It's comical that he has videos of fans promoting his show and his talents as "the best"; perhaps 5-yrs ago but those days are distant memories. Trent's flippant attitude and glib approach to his profession is a sad spectacle to observe. My party only represents four former fans but others will follow if this type of show/entertainment/ continues in memory of The King.
3	Trent has performed as Elvis for quite some time so I've seen him perform a few times. This show is nice in that he runs through the span of the King's career. The costumes appear as authentic as you can get from the black leather suit to the aloha eagle jumpsuit. I didn't care for the wigs he used, particularly the longer haired 70s one. It was too shiny and obviously made out of synthetic fibers not meant for a spotlight. Despite being shorter than Elvis, he carries himself very much like the king did in his numerous Vegas shows. He displays the mannerisms of Elvis well. I remember the first tribute artist show I attended thinking that the guy was a sloppy, haphazard mess, forgetting words and wiggling around all over the place. When I watched a video of Elvis actually performing at one of his shows at the International/ Hilton in the 70s I realized that it was true to form! Elvis was a true performer, a man loved and adored by many and for the price of a ticket people could sit and bask in his glory for an evening of pure entertainment. His style was to sing some songs, maybe abandon the song or trail it into another one. He would change the words, tell jokes and even make fun of himself at times. That being said, I have to laugh at some of the reviews that point out Trent not finishing songs and talking about his personal life on stage. That is how Elvis was! I know that Trent has won several ETA competitions and even won top honors on a TV show years ago, but he's not my favorite tribute artist in town. His voice has a wide vocal range and he shines on some of the ballads. My complaints about the show are that it shows too many clips of the real Elvis on video during the costume changes, which I can watch at home on youtube. It also appears that Trent fizzles out shortly after the first set. He literally looks tired and weary. Elvis gave every performance his all, and Trent's 'all' isn't enough. Being that this is one of the only 'all Elvis' impersonator shows in town it's definitely worth it to see at least once.
4	This was great show to see. My children ages 10 and 5 also enjoyed it. We will go back again. He is the best Elvis I have seen. The crowd also seem to enjoy the show.
3	First star - this guy has been doing Elvis for over 20 years and I believe that he may believe he IS Elvis.Second Star - He performs at the HLV which used to be a great hotel in it's hey day; place where Elvis played his sold out 58 day marathon back in 1968.Third Star - His partner/wife/girl friend dances very nicely in themed outfits corresponding to each Elvis song. She manages to be sexy in a wholesome way. Good job.Fourth Star -  Trent has the details and mannerisms of the King down cold - it really is pretty cool.Minus 1 Star - some odd tax and Obama jokes at the end of the show. While I like jokes ,they should be funny and not ruin the Elvis persona we spent 75 minutes creating.
1	What a joke.  The guy may sound a little bit like Elvis, but he doesn't look like him, despite several plastic surgeries to achieve the look.  His dancing and pelvis swinging are mediocre at best.  His trophy wife adds little to the show.  Mostly she just dances around aimlessly to some of the Elvis films/tracks.  Cmon Trent, Elvis is a one man show who relied on his showmanship, good looks and singing talent to carry the show.  Obviously he doesn't have any of that, so he has to use his showgirl wife in the act.  To top it off, my husband and I greeted Trent after the show.  I couldn't believe his unprofessionalism and racist attitude.  Both of us are from India originally.  When my husband said hi to Trent, he had the nerve to tell him that "he'd see him later at the local 7-11."  Wow Trent, maybe you should look at hiring a new public relations team..obviously your current one thinks it's ok to act like Archie Bunker with such a bigoted attitude.  I want the hard earned money I spent on the show back..it's better put to use at a local 7-11!
4	enjoyable show..he sings the hits. I like the numerous costume changes. He has a fab voice. I wish there were backup singers and a band on stage vs one playing keyboards behind the curtain.
