4	Not just another gourmet burger joint!The place is huge, just opened few weeks ago. I walk by every week on my way home from work and the name is catchy so I decided come and try it out.This place is fun! There's always something going, they these themes every night, and the menu has something for everyone. There are so many things I wanna try I definitely have to come back.The drinks menu is quite extensive too. They have this one page with large mason jar drinks they are huge and have 4oz of alcohol in it, even with the 16$ price I was tempted to order one.We ordered the Elvis gratton burger, which has peanut butter, bacon and bananas. I know it sounds crazy right?, but the peanut was more of a light peanut sauce. It was really tasty, surprisingly! And that my friend is amazing.I wanna go back with a big group so I can order a whole bunch of things like wings and fried pickles and all the other fun stuff on the menu.Forget the belle give me the beef! Lol
5	I have tried almost every burger joint and gourmet place and I must say I was very impressed with every dish!!!! The decor and atmosphere is very cool, the place is huge and was packed even though it just opened and rightfully so. It will be the hottest burger place on Ste - Catherine, the menu is original and has everything from a grilled cheese section, amazing poutines and of course lots of original burgers. Everything was carefully though of even sides like the dill pickle dipped in kool aid, a great coslaw salad with a hint of spice and great sweet potato fries. The burger was cooked perfectly with beef crispy on the outside. ... could go and on on and not I don't usually write overly positive reviews was just happy this isn't just another generic gourmet burger place and you eat well for under 20$
5	'Seriously babe?? A burger joint? Ugh..fine.' Was my response to hubby's suggestion to come here for lunch on a hot Saturday but man, am I glad I did!LBeLB isn't your typical burger place.. It's not your typical gourmet burger restaurant either. It's simply a creative experience. Sure, if you want a normal burger and fries or grilled cheese you'll find it and it won't be anything special... But, you'll also find a peanut butter, banana, and bacon burger (SO good by the way) alongside a slew of other crazy concoctions.Food portions are massive, and the food is super delicious. My goat cheese burger was on point and hubby's banana burger was phenomenal. The fries are good, and so is their pickle! I usually hate pickles with a passion, but these ones are dipped in Kool Aid...... Crazy, right? Right! And whoever knows me knows that the crazier the better in my books! Coleslaw was also good but not amazing.They also have an extensive drinks menu - everything we tried was awesome.  Yes, $20 for a burger and fries might seem steep, but it's totally worth it! We will definitely be coming back to try some other creative inventions! Pop on by and please message me to tell me about what you tried if it was awesome! I can't decide what I'll order next time because I simply want it all.........
4	Cool cool cool place! It just brings back vitality to the old downtown building. We came there as a group of 4, each one of us enjoyed our burgers and drinks ,especially the cocktails ,very inspiring. I had la belle burger which had such huge and juicy beef loaf inside along with a bunch of my favorite vege arugula. And they could even serve the fresh lettuce instead of the burger bread by request ,earned another star for girls who do not eat carbs.For the deco and the ambiance inside of Lblb ,just as good as we expected,the server were cute as well, go explore yourself!
4	This is a very cool burger joint that just opened in the heart of downtown recently.  They have a vast selection of burgers and other types of sandwiches.  There is even mac and cheese if that's what you're in the mood for.  They also have an extensive cocktail list that includes mason jar cocktails.  Come hungry because portions are HUGE.  I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was probably enough for two people.  That being said it was quite tasty.  The meat was tender albeit slightly dry.  It could have done with a bit more BBQ sauce but it wasn't that bad.  The onion rings were also a hit being crispy and not greasy at all.My major complaint is with the music level which was way too loud for my liking.  I hate having to scream at my dining companions and I had to do just that here.  Turn the volume down a little!Overall I did enjoy my experience here and would come back again in the near future.  The prices are very reasonable for what you get and the food is tasty.  Service was also quite good.
4	Very good resto. Staff was very energetic the food was good but depending on the bugler you order it can get wet sloppy and fall apart  which was a little annoying.All in all it was a positive experience, and nice to have a non Surgakis owned option in this neighbourhood to choose from.
4	I totally like this place, the juicy burgers, the looong list of cocktails, the fresh ambiance.Who is the genius who came up with the idea of adding melted peanut butter, bacon and bananas, my favourite ingredients, to a burger wrapped in lettuce. So delicious and there is more to try! Who can come up with the adorable idea to improve the classical Bloody Caesar by substituting the vodka with Jim Beam, adding BBQ sauce to it and two beautiful slices of bacon on top, some smart mixologist indeed. Miss Piggy is a must drink cocktail and the others we had were pretty awesome. The service is sweet and smiley, they kind of took their time in between our drinks, but I'm happy of been given a chance to slow down. Be careful when choosing to sit at the bar, the barman can decide to put a fire show for you. Coming back to check the cocktails named after some of my favourite rock bands and of course eat another burger!
5	This place is really different in a refreshing kind of way! You get to reminisce and eat a delicious burger!
5	I was a guest in Montreal from Toronto. My buddy who lives in Montreal took me there. they have great food. very tasty. great patio, great interior design. this restaurant is very unique in its style although the bill total can get higher than an average patio/burger place which is not unusual given the location of the restaurant and the quality of the food.their serving portions are huge. my wife asked for small poutine and she could not finish hers half-way. the waiters are cool, casual and super nice.
5	Was amazing, beef was so good I was upset it was so big and hard to eat they should have female burgers so girls can finish it lol over all drinks and food A++ I want to go back and try something else ASAP
4	Came in on a rainy Saturday afternoon when it wasn't too busy. Great cocktail selection and atmosphere. Try the chili mango drink if you like your rum with a little extra kick - just spicy enough to tingle, but not overbearing. Unfortunately there was no chance to try the food.
2	I really wanted to love this place, unfortunately, all around it fell quite short.  Their menu is pretty extensive with numerous choices, maybe I just chose the wrong item?  I ordered the Mac Buffalo Chicken.  I don't think I've ever had a more bland tasting meal in Montreal.  There was no spicey "buffalo" to it at all and the chicken "cubes" were tasteless for the most part.  My friend ordered the Mac Beef Baked Potato and she seemed to enjoy it more than I did mine.  I tried hers and also found that it was rather tasteless.The staff was not all that great as well, our server took forever to bring a refill and it wasn't very busy.  The bartenders seem to keep the folks at the bar entertained with their "flare" style of bartending, tossing of flaming bottles.  Overall, with prices being relatively reasonable I may go back once more in hopes of it being better.
3	So I really wanted to love La Belle Et La Boeuf. In the end, I think it's a really chill place if you're down for a drink - but as a restaurant, I don't think it's anything special.Let me start by saying their drink list is extensive. They have wine, spirits, absinth, beer, really anything you could think of - plus their share of unique cocktails, all of which sound amazing. I tried a cocktail called the Pacman, which looked delicious and tasted even better, and I'm definitely going to go back to try many more (all?) of their drinks. The vibe is great, too. The rustic decor plus the crowd kind of makes it feel like a really trendy bar instead of a restaurant, which I think is great. The music might have been on the loud side, but it wasn't anything unmanageable. Our server was super nice, too. No complaints there.Really, the only thing that didn't leave a lasting impression on me was the food. I had the Beauty burger with fries, and the meal comes with coleslaw and a Kool-Aid pickle. My favourite parts of the meal were the coleslaw and the pickle; the burger didn't stand out as much as it should have, and the fries weren't the best. All in all, I've had better hamburgers and fries. As a burger joint, I wouldn't say it stands out. As a trendy place to grab a drink, though, I'd totally recommend it.
1	I had good hopes for this restaurant, but in the end everything fell flat.First off the drinks. I noticed they had mason jar cocktails, and being a fan of the Distillerie that immediately got me interested. If that's your thing too, don't get your hopes up. The two jars I got to taste (mine and my wife's) were both far, far behind Distillerie' in terms of quality and taste. All of the choices seemed very much on the sweet side, which is not too much my thing, do I decided to play it safe and order a Mojito. First big disappointment. Mojitos are always a hit with me, except this wasn't a mojito at all: they served me rum and lemonade with a twig of mint stuck in it at the end just for the look (the mint needs to be crushed first otherwise it won't give any flavour at all).When the waiter came to ask about the drinks I thought I'd mention it in case it was a mistake. Second big disappointment. I barely had the chance to start talking that he was already running away. I was able to stop him and explain, and his answer was that they couldn't crush the mint because of all the ice in the jar. 8-/Food was the third big disappointment. I got the Mad Greek, because I felt like something fresh and had great Greek themed burgers in the past. This wasn't one of them. First I find burgers are to thick, so good luck eating it with your hands without making a mess. It didn't help that the Greek toppings were too juicy and completely falling off the burger. Now that would be fine with me, except that the burger was also tasteless. I had a poutine on the side, and was also turned off by the sauce.Now in this whole time we saw our waiter 3 times in total, including taking the drinks then food orders. He hadn't brought any water until we were half way through the meal, didn't ask about the food, and took over twenty minutes to notice we were done with our plates. Mind you in the meantime the restaurant was getting more and more empty. I even had to chase him to get the bill.Now at this point I was fairly disappointed with the experience, and might have given it a 2 or 3 stars. But then came the killer. I decided to leave a 7% tip, which I thought was generous considering the 2.5 minutes the waiter spent at our table, the rushed attitude and the few words. First thing he does one I pay is look at how tip I left, right in front of me. HUGE mistake in my book, something I NEVER did in my years of working as a waiter. But I play along. He asks if I know tip isn't included (duh, I just left you 7%). I say yes, then following his confused look I ask him if he's wondering why is only 7%, which he was of course. When I tell him I was disappointed with both the food and service, his answer was "Well don't come back, okay?" with the kind of superior attitude any respectable waiter I know would never dream of having.Well guess what, I was definitely not planning on going back, now I regret leaving any tip at all.
5	This place is great. I was in Montreal for work and was roaming around for a place to grab dinner. This place was recommended at a beer bar I visited and they were right. I ordered a poutine that had bacon, ground steak,, pepperoni and a freaking large, succulent serving of frois gras. I'm pretty sure that it was one the most amazing, definitely unhealthy, things I have ever eaten!I literally fell into a lethargic, catatonic coma from the decadence that was a result of this heavenly dish. =|~~~~
4	I'm not a big "let's eat at a restaurant" type a person but I'll go in a group setting for special events or just take out. Went on a Friday night & it was a packed house. Good thing our planner made reservations. The music in the place is at full blast so yelling is a must if you want to speak to the person next to you. The look of the place was kind of like a sports bar with several TVs situated around the place. The back of the bar decorated with a wall of booze which perked me up right away. A little tight on space but most restaurants are like that anyways. Good mix of guys & gals in the crowd for people watching.                  Pretty big menu of heart stopping goodness mainly featuring burger, poutine, fries & mac & cheese combos. Not too vege-friendly although they do have a couple of options. Lots of drinks to be had with beer (bottle or tap), hard liquor, mix drinks & wines. The menu is pretty pricey so if your looking for cheap eats, this place is not for you.                  Service was pretty good took a while to get our food but the place was busy that night & our party took a long while to order as we waited for everyone to arrive. Would go again just to try out that "Epic" burger which almost costs $50 & see if I can wrap part of my mouth on it.                   Plus side, located at the Faubourg which is great to see some interesting businesses move in there since it's been in a state of decline for about two decades.
3	This is one of my favorite burger restaurants in Montreal next to burger bar on crescent. The first time I went to this location was for a surprise party for my birthday and although it was my first time going to this location it was my second time going to the chain (first time I went to the chain was the one in laval in which I was extremely impressed with) although the food as usual was spectacular, where this restaurant falls flat compared to laval is the service. My girlfriend had booked one large table for all of us and when we arrived we were given 3 booths because of an apparent error in our reservation, on top of this problem the service was really slow and poor and the waitress hardly understood English which I usually don't mind at all but in downtown Montreal in a very touristy area where I had friends from out of town who couldn't speak French and I had to order for them it kind of bothered me. Apart from the service the big positive is of course the food and the bar. I was overly impressed with the quality of the beef as well as the quality and freshness of the toppings. On top of that the drink menu is phenomenal with a lot of selection as well as a good selection of quality local and domestic beers. The only complaint I would have is the bloody ceasar they serve might be a little too spicy for some people (although I like it that way)To sum everything up I would give the a solid 3/5 because of the food, but many improvements can be made with the quality of service offered here especially at the price you pay.
4	Excellent restaurant. I've been multiple times and it's always been a pleasure. They have a vast selection of drinks, burgers, poutines, grilled cheese and some other items. Pros: Their drinks and speed rail are both potent. If you order a rum and coke, you will very much taste the rum. The food is excellent and served in large portions. My favorites are the grilled cheese, particularly the 'Montreal' grilled cheese with Smoked Meat and tomato dipping sauce to go with it. Con: There are only 2 flavors of Wings. A mild honey*garlic type; and the very spicy Volcano. Mind, the wings are large, juicy, and tasty. I just wish there was a happy medium of spice that's less than Volcano. Despite the lack of options for the wings, they're bloody excellent!
5	Came in after a hockey game at Bell Centre. Short walk from there. Great atmosphere and a very friendly staff! The food was great and they have many interesting poutines and burgers to choose from. Their bar is gigantic and they have a lot of great beers to choose from as well. Highly recommended.
5	Amazingly good food, amazing staff. Drink menu is nothing you've seen before. Love the John Lemon mason jar! Owner came over to introduce himself, and made a feel very welcome. Great decor, atmosphere and music. Glad we stopped in! Will be back for sure when were back in the area. Thanks for having us!
3	Good food, good service but it was beyond noisy and it was not even the ppl talking big the music!If you want to eat a good burger but don't care what your friend at the other side of the table has to say then you have found THE PLACE.
