5	Thank you Roosevelt Row for putting on such a fun festival this time of year!  This was my first time attending after seeing the fliers when I was at RoRo last weekend shopping at the vintage stores.  While it was smaller than I thought it was going to be, it still had a lot to enjoy.  The vendors were all good.  My husband and my friend decided to each get something different from 3 different vendors, in order to be able to try as much as possible.  The Pasilla Pepper White Bean Chili with the Jalapeno Hush Puppies from Jobot were top notch, sooooooooo good!  We also had Short Leash Dog's super yummy and spicy sausage stuffed poblano pepper with fried jalapenos...those were just as tasty as the chili.  Both were definitely our favorites.  But we also had the green chile mac 'n cheese empanada from AZ Food Crafters, which we thought was just okay...it was a little dry and could have used more cheese or the sauce could have been on the inside instead.  Yet, we enjoyed all of it!  My hubby and friend really loved the Deschutes beers while I thought the pineapple sorano pepper margarita with the 3 Amigos tequila tasted fantastic.  It wasn't spicy but had a really nice flavor to it.  The wooden tokens were a great idea and made it super easy to get drinks throughout the event.For dessert, we enjoyed the caramels and the chile dark chocolate truffle.  Holy moly!  Both were seriously divine and super spicy.  We wish there would have been more salsa entries.  The mango salsa (wondering who entered this one) was delicious...and I HATE  mango or fruit salsas normally...while the other 3 were really bland and not so fun to eat.  But the idea of it was a lot of fun and we enjoyed it.  The entertainment was spot on as well and we sat in front of the makeshift stage (loved that it was behind one of the RoRo houses) to enjoy the talent show, trivia, and The Senators.  What are the few things I would have changed?  Please add some lights in the portapotty section (we used our iPhone flashlights) and maybe get some more salsa entries for next year.  Oh and maybe add more benches this time around for more seating while eating.  Thanks again Roosevelt Row!  This was an awesome and delicious time!!
1	We went last year & again this year but were thoroughly disappointed with the festival this go around. Last year there was an actual salsa tasting competition, which was awesome, plus you were able to buy jars of salsa as well. This year the only salsa we saw was from Jo Bot & it was just a little plastic cup with no chips, sweet I love shooting salsa. Otherwise the beers were ok, if you like deschutes beer, the margarita was good. But the main thing is that it cost more this year just to get in & there was not a sample in sight you didn't have to pay for, there were fewer vendors & overall I just didn't feel it was worth the time or the money. The salsa tasting was the best thing they had going & without that it's just another excuse to charge people money to stand in an empty dirt lot with not much to do. Get your shit together chili fest or else I'm afraid this fall festival is DOA.
1	My boyfriend and I were excited to go to this festival, since we both love spicy food and chili peppers. However, it turned out to be badly organized and almost impossible to get to any actual food. Mostly, picture loooong lines all over the place and no one being sure what each line is for. We got there and waited and waited to get drink and food tickets. We got a few, since we were hungry and didn't want to have to wait in the line all over again if we decided to eat more. However, even with the tickets, it was almost impossible to get any actual food. There didn't seem to be many choices available, and the booths that were there had--you guessed it--long lines. When it started raining hard (something I'm not blaming the organizers for), we gave our tickets away and left to get some real food. What a waste! We'll never go again.
