2	What's the least you can spend for the most food at PHX?I don't know, that's why I'm asking. But I do know that it's not at Oaxaca. My choices were slim and fattening. I almost just got cold stone for breakfast. There was a pizza place that was serving up wretched piles of eggs and ghastly meat type things. A nice green chili burrito sounded just right for 9am.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/v44bpuCu4vM4AmD0_2K1QQ?select=qmsiDowwKWnMgMBtDizE-w$5.95 after tax, that's what I got. Pretty small, very greasy and somehow simultaneously watery. Only saving grace was that the side of salsa was very spicy. Next time I fly, I'm just going to bring some power bars and eat cardboard.
2	I went to this airport foodery with thoughts of getting a great Oaxacan meal at Sky Harbor Airport. But that was a fantasy. Not sure why I ever thought that, maybe it was just the Oaxaca name.This is burritos to go. I ordered a Machuca Oaxaca burrito, Machuca being shredded beef mixed with onions and chilis. The Burrito was surprisingly small. I agree with Eli's first review. It was not that tasty, and it was real watery or wet. I went through 10 napkins, because everytime I squeezed the burrito by taking a bit, a puddle appeared below the burrito. It got to be irritating, as I didn't want greasy stains on my clothes, so I was trying real hard to wrap up this burrito so it wouldn't leak from the bottom. It still leaked. After every bite. A little puddle I would wipe up with yet another napkin. The chili sauce was spicy, and was perhaps the best thing about the food. Machuca Burrito and drink totalled $8.53.I hate to admit it, but It made me crave for Chipotle!
5	Good for a long flight home!  I always go through this airport early in the morning so i always get the chorizo breakfast burrito, man it's perfect!!!  Hit em up if you are passing through, the staff will take care of you!
3	Meeh what was I expecting.  I ordered a taco salad with shredded beef.  It wasn't bad.  The tortilla shell was on the verge of being rancid or was it fried in old oil? The shredded lettuce wet and draining through the bottom of my tortilla bowl.  But the meat and guacamole and some of the lettuce were tasty and I was hungry.  I poured my little cup of salsa over it all and had me some lunch .  Honestly I would probably stop in again if I was in the mood for a bean & cheese burrito or a quesadilla.  Too hard to mess those up.
1	One of the worst airport meals I've ever had. The beef in the burrito tasted like school cafeteria stew. The salsa has the flavor and consistency of ketchup. And you could have given me a hundred guesses in a blind tasting and I wouldn't have identified the green and white paste as guacamole. As i said in my quick tip, they must fly the food in from Iowa, because no one from Phoenix would think this was Mexican food. Eat anywhere else.
4	Eat here once a week.  I work at the airport and will always make a point to eat there when I can.  I use to enjoy the chicken delight, now I order the Carne asada.  I think its one of the best carne asada burritos I have ever had.   Yeah, it can be greasy, however, I always ask for my burrito with no oil or salt.   The service is always great.   The guacamole is good contrary to previous posts.  The "white" stuff in there is cottage cheese and it makes a great combination.    The alternative is Paradise bakery or Burger king, both with long lines.  Good choice to satisfy your hunger.
2	Thinking about airport food in Phoenix...NEVER AGAIN in front of Security!Normal patterns have me flying out of Phoenix Friday evening and returning Sunday about noon.  Because of the only constant in life being change, I am now flying outta Phoenix Wednesday morning and back Friday morning.  Since it was 8:45 AM, I had no idea what I was going to find once I passed through Security, so I figured I would give Oaxaca a try.Like most airport restaurants, it looks clean.  The menu, while varied, did not allow much for an innovative order.  My hispanic food passion of late is a guacamole burrito.  It's guacamole, onion, cheese, sour cream and bacon.  Between the milquetoast anglo morning register guy (looks too young and acts too immature to be called a "manager") who rang up my burrito by item...including the tortilla for the burrito...$8 for a burrito to go was a bit more than I anticipated.  Prices on the regular burritos and other offerings were a bit more reasonable, so I anticipated a pretty large burrito.Milquetoast, the register guy, asked if I preferred strips of bacon or if I wanted my bacon crumbled.  I asked for strips.  He then asked if I considered 2 strips sufficient, or if 3 sounded better.  I replied that I would take what I could get for the somewhat large charge ($2.09) I paid for bacon.  Milquetoast then spoke to the grill guy in broken schoolbook Spanish.  The grill guy looked at the receipt and turned to ask me if I wanted eggs or potato in the burrito.  When I replied that I did not, he asked me if this was a breakfast burrito or a lunch burrito.  Looking at my watch and seeing it was still before 9 AM, I replied that it would be a breakfast burrito unless it was cheaper for me as a lunch burrito.  The grill guy turned and scooped crumbled bacon onto the grill, added onion and slapped down a tortilla.  Everything heated and he assembled the burrito.  I could not see all of his activities, so when he put a burrito on a plate and called me over, I reminded him this was ordered to go.  He wrapped up the small burrito and handed me burrito and salsa in a bag.  I turned and headed toward Security to get to my gate.  On arriving at my gate, I sat down and prepared to enjoy breakfast.  The burrito was as light as it was small.  While I had requested strips of bacon, the crumbles were well distributed through the burrito.  It is too bad that the guacamole and cheese were not, and there was no sour cream anywhere on the burrito.  While my typical reaction in such a situation is to return to the restaurant, there just was not time to go back in front of security to display the incorrect order.  If there is a next time, I just need to stick to the regular menu.
3	Best place in Terminal 4. I like the couches to have a beer, lounge around and use the airport WiFi. Tacos are good too, but new Mexican food place going in Terminal 4 in 2012 might give Oaxaca a run for its money
2	Edible, but nothing to write home about.  Had a taco salad, pretty generic, not much flavor
2	Beats Burger King any day. I should've manned up and just told my growling belly to quit being a whiny baby and waited until I got home to eat. But, noooooooo.10 minutes and $11 later, I felt gross. I should've listened to intuition, instead I was stuck on my flight back to San Diego regretting every minute.  It wasn't that the food was bad, it was totally edible, just not very good. I would suggest Paradise Bakery if you must eat and if you decide to be brave-stick to something like a cheese quesadilla. It's almost impossible to ruin that...almost.
5	Delicious and friendly!
4	I am really surprised by the previous reviews here. This has been at the airport for many years now.  There is a lot of other places for food, and this is one of the BEST!They have a huge menu, i think and you can even get breakfast.The prices have even gone down. You can get a full meal for under $6.00.That is a screaming deal at Sky Harbor airport. Hard to choose a favorite, but Chicken Delight is really good!! With red or green sause.  Their Salsa is excellent as well. We sometimes get it to go, when through with a trip for our journey home. Hey then you don't have to cook!
4	I have hit this place up many times over the years. It has been here for 20 years or more. Probably one of the best places inside the airport.It has gone down hill a bit over the years.The food is still really good, but it used to be a lot better!Chicken Delight is my favorite, but everything is good here. You can get it to go or for the food court area.It is very inexpensive especially for the Airport. Always hot and fresh. The hot sauce, is really good. I always enjoy it, and I think you will as well.
4	I still love this place and I got dinner to take home for us here last night.It was hot and fresh, and oh so good!Their portions seem a bit smaller than they used to be. But, I am noticing that every where now. They still sell everything at a really good prices. They make the tortillas fresh here and everything is nice and hot when you get it.Their salsa is divine. So good.I of course got my favorite, Chicken Delight with Verde Sauce. Loved it! There staff is really nice always, very happy and friendly. You have to love that. When most people in the Airport are a bit on the Grumpy side.
4	This is place is good and very affordable!  The bean burros are awesome ($4)!We go out of our way to order food there every time we are in terminal 4 - don't know about those negative reviews - try it, you won't be sorry.
