4	This is our neighborhood sushi place.  It's the next block over from a Sushi Shop, but as long as it's open I'll always go to Sushi 111 for takeout.  They have an extensive and creative menu, with prices on par with any other sushi place.  My bf and I will often stop in and choose a couple of rolls to share, and are always satisfied with what we get.  For less than $20 the two of us can enjoy a nice lunch or light supper (they always include a couple of avocado or cucumber rolls with orders over 10$, which rounds things out well).  The only downside is that it always takes awhile to prepare, but at least that means it's fresh, no rolls that have been sitting around for us!
4	Yum!  I would imagine that, as Amanda mentions, this is an awesome takeout place.  The sushi was good and fairly priced; the service was friendly and relatively quick.  My complaints would be that, while I was there, there seemed to be a lot of dogs coming in and out of the restaurant (??!!) and that everything had avocado in it, even if the menu didn't list it as an ingredient.  Otherwise, everything was good.
4	I just discovered this place a few weeks ago and I was very pleased! Coming from Vancouver, I am always on the look-out for cheap sushi that is tasty and doesn't skimp on the salmon and this is one of the best places for that in the city. Sure sure, their service isn't very awesome, but you can't have it all! We ate the sushi at the resto and I didn't think it took too long - maybe that's the way to do it (as compared to delivery). Looking forward to eating this sushi in the summer on the mountain :)
1	I ordered the assorted plate of 28 items and the seaweed salad for my roommate and I and unfortunately we were very disappointed. We normally order from Royal Sushi, and find that though their sushi is good, their delivery can be a bit slow (45-75 mins.). Sushi 111 delivered in about half an hour which was great, but the delivery man told us that he couldn't provide a receipt, and then rounded up the price so that he was automatically given a tip (we still gave him a 5 dollar tip because we were excited to chow down). The yelp reviews for Sushi 111 are quite good, so I assumed that my roommate and I would be equally satisfied, but to our unfortunate surprise, the fish was not fresh at all! A crust had formed around it and the avocado was beginning to turn brown. I think this was the first time we actually couldn't bring ourselves to finish sushi. Don't waste your money.
4	First visit to this spot and I am full as hell on some tasty tasty sushi. After reading previous reviews I wasn't really holding my breath, but was lured in with the promise of dirt cheap sush.. Was pleasantly surprised though, the service was way faster than I expected, the staff were friendly, the prices really are hard to beat, and it's practically on my doorstep. Definitely coming back!
