5	It is subway, yes. But this particular subway deserves a review. Our office is within walking distance so I make it here once or twice a week. 5 dollar sandwiches, holler at your acquaintance. The staff here is very friendly and they don't forget what kind of cheese you want 5 seconds after you tell them. Greetings goodbyes and smiles every time. Best subway if not fast food restaurant in Scottsdale.
5	Always a fan of Subway!
1	Being vegetarian Subway is always a great choice. Last week I came in and ordered a veggie sub and a cup on minestrone soup. However, when I got back to the office and had a spoonful of soup I quickly realzied it wasn't minestrone it was vegetable beef soup!! I can't eat beef and had that awkward moment where I needed to decide if I was going to swallow the soup or spit it out in front of my boss. Needless to say, I was not happy.I took the soup back after work expecting an apology and my money back at the least. They explained to me they don't have a sign for vegetable beef soup and it's close enough. The apology I got was forced and meaningless. They would not refund my money, they wouldn't give me a gift card for a future visit, they did nothing besides offer me a sandwich. No, I don't want a sandwich I would not be able to eat it before it went bad, I wanted my money back. Needless to say after the way I was treated by the management staff I will avoid this location at all cost.
3	Last year, Subway introduced their FebruANY. Any regular FOOTLONG is $5.00 during February. Get it?Well we came here two days ago for lunch.  We had a newspaper coupon, and ended up spending just over $10.00 for two meals, drinks and one bag of chips.  Nice!  The restaurant is tucked away in the Gold's Gym strip mall and surprisingly gets good traffic.  There was about six other patrons there when we arrive.  We were greeted by two employees as we entered. They put our order together pretty quickly without error.  The efficiency at Subway is good to begin with.  We ordered the Veggie Delite and a Roast Beef.  Both were very fresh and tasty, see photos.An interesting sidebar, the franchise owner had a framed photo of himself and Jared Fogle.  You can read more about his fear of flying: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/12/11/business/jared-fogle-subway-guy-on-being-recognized-in-airports.html?_r=0
4	It's Subway! It's probably the most food that you are going to get for $5. This subway is pretty clean and fast. It helps that it's in a rich neighborhood. Beware that it does get busy during certain hours of the day.Are there better subs? Most likely. But not for $5.
3	They have the rush hour crowd down to a T.  The line was out the door but it moved swiftly.  It was Friday (during Lent) so I ordered a tuna sandwich.  For whatever reason, it didn't taste as good as I last remembered (it's been a while since I've been to Subway).  They were friendly there even though they had to move fast, but unfortunately, it just didn't taste good.
5	This subway is quaint.  I have never had bad service here and the food is always good.  Consistent and good quality.  No complaints!
