5	Ordered the braised pork hock.The portion is insanely generous. The hock is the leg and knuckle of the pig. I've been trying to think of how to describe the taste and preparation of this dish, but I gave up. Can't really describe a recipe that is obviously kept close within the family. I knew we made a good decision on ordering this dish when it promptly arrived with the side dishes. For it to be ready so fast, I can only assume that this dish is ordered often enough that warrants them being on call. Perfect combination of meat and fat with the tender bite of tendon, served with a sweet dipping sauce - which I found unnecessary because it just washed out the flavor of the pork. I should also mention, this behemoth of a dish is listed as an appetizer. You'll definitely be able to share this amongst 3 people comfortably, although I can see myself finishing this off with a bowl of rice, a cold beer and a hockey game.
5	Holyyy....holy....cow! I never had gam ja tang (pork stew, I think this is the same dish the previous reviewer was writing about) before in my life and this is what the restaurant is known for.  My korean friend told me they boil it in the morning, they basically cook it way in advance so that it's very tender and ready to eat! Order that if you can eat pork...and if you don't? Well you are missing out!! The broth was not as spicy as I thought and it was just delicious! Warning, the menu says it is for 2 people, but we were 4 and we didnt eat 2 pieces of it with some broth leftover. Our friend had to take it home.We also ordered the Korean "sausage" which is apparently intestines and noodles as well as other ingredients mixed together. It didn't have a sausage texture though it definitely looked like one. That was also not as spicy as I thought.My recommendations? Order the gam ja tang. It's a must!  Service was also generally pleasant.
5	This place is like eating at your grandmother's kitchen. Humble and non-descript dining room, but amazing food gets served.Like any Asian cuisine, no meat of a pig is left untouched, and Korean fare is no different.Their specialty is the stewed pork bone in hot tofu soup. It's best in the winter time, but even in the hotter days of summer, the spiciness keeps your appetite whet. Lots of marrow and meat, it's good for sharing with a larger table as the portion is substantial.As well, do try the cold pork hock. It's a great delicacy and it's dipped in a slightly sweet soy based sauce. A little chili sauce on the side for heat and you're good to go.Their man do gook (dumplings) are okay too, but they paled in comparison.
5	Best Korean BBQ I've had. Great price too. Fresh ingredients. Great seasoning. The decor is a little dated, but come on, you're there for the food! I've only been one so far but I'll certainly be going back.
3	This place was next to my office for years. Its a nice family-owned place, which I love but I was never really crazy about the food. Food is cheap and decent but nothing to write home about. If I could recommend anything it would be one of their spicy soups and to stay away from their sushi. But that's really a given.
