5	See Homa for a keratin treatment- she will revitalize your dry curly hair, give you a chic cut or brilliant color. A perfectionist in whatever she does. Salon is in a great location; hip, friendly staff.Update: I've done my hair straight, easiest it's ever been to look the best I've ever done it myself. Curly, nice curls with no frizz. =Addicted
5	Skaught is amazzzing, I love my color, my cut and the fabulous energy that he brings, as well as the beautiful salon.  Skaught went out of his way to obtain the color (ammonia free) that works so well for my hair ... even though it was not something that he normally carried.  I am thrilled with the results, and recommend him and his salon as the best!  Enjoy re-vitalized downtown as well, when you make an appointment!  An awesome adventure.
5	Josephine Skaught Hairdressing isn't just a hair salon, it's an experience.  Nestled in the Arts District, it is the perfect blend of culture and style.  I love the clean, modern design and perusing the art of the monthly featured local artist.  Always greeted with a smile, I feel pampered from the moment I walk in.  Skaught has been doing my hair for 15+ years, and he is perfection.  He is a color and cutting genius who has always made me look and feel beautiful.  On top of that, his neck and head massages are amazing!  I always keep a few of his business cards handy so that I can hand them out when people ask me where I get my hair done...I always run out!  Skaught has been highlighted for his craft in several local magazines, and he and his co-workers have won many hair/make-up competitions.  There is such a positive energy in the salon, and all the people who work there are friendly and creative.  I would recommend this salon to anybody!  You will feel like a rock star.
5	I have been a client of Skaught's for eight years and have never considered another stylist. He is so talented and makes me feel like a superstar every time I get my hair done. Now that he has opened this salon downtown, it's even more fun to visit and see new art on his walls every four weeks.
5	I have been to this salon several times now, and every time I go, there is new art featured on the walls, and the salon is always clean with a really cool vibe, and a sweet staff. It's also in a really great location in Las Vegas, surrounded by art galleries and fun hang out spots. I highly recommend booking your appointment with Candice Marie Tesinsky. She is such an amazing stylist! Every time she does my hair she does it just how I want it, and always get's it done in a timely manner. She's super sweet, talented and gorgeous to boot! You should definitely go to this salon and book Candice.
5	My new favorite salon!! They use Bumble & Bumble products!! I currently live in NY and I wait until I am back in Las Vegas to get my haircut because my hairstylist is simply put, that awesome!My hairstylist, Megan, is super nice and friendly. She works with my schedule and does a FANTASTIC job on my hair! I am usually indecisive about what to do with my hair and she always has great suggestions.  I highly recommend her to anyone. Oh and the cost is very reasonable!
5	It's official, Im a big fan of this salon. Skaught really knows his stuff and is a true artist! When you walk in you are welcomed to enjoy the hip fun and relaxing atmosphere! Specializing in Bumble to Bumble and staying up to date with technique and trend, you are sure to get a personalized experience. I just love what they did with my hair!!! Check them out!
5	Honestly THE BEST salon I have been to in the many years I have lived in Las Vegas. Skaught Gibson runs a tight ship with some serious style. I tell him my concerns, and ask him to make it all look good on me, and every time I am extremely happy with the style I get. Skaught and his team really know how to make you look good and feel good about the style. His salon features Bumble & Bumble products.. and if you don't know.. now you know! Having his salon at ARTS SQUARE, Skaught also features local artists that create in different mediums as well. Paintings, sculptures, jewelry ... just awesome stuff. Nice way to be part of the local art scene. Local or visiting, it's not far from the main Strip and if you are local.. make the Josephine Skaught Salon part of your regular regiment. You will be thankful this salon is in your World!
5	Love this place! Next to great restaurants and artistic decor inside! See Rachelle! She's an amazing colorist! They carry great products like O&M and I can always count on Rachelle to give me good tips for keeping my hair healthy!!!
5	Love this place.   The salon is very laid back and the art is amazing.  Georgia is a great stylist.  Very friendly.
5	I love Rachelle, I have been seeing her for years, and she is the only person that I trust to color dark black Asian hair and making it look modern but natural. The salon has a great look very hip with the down town vibe.
5	Skaught is a brilliant artist and his medium is hair. He has created a beautiful salon in Josephine Skaught, as well as a true community of talented stylists, who all go above and beyond to create a quality experience and fantastic hair. Skaught's attention to detail is apparent from the moment you walk through the door and is signed and sealed by the time the scissors take their first snip! This is a salon that has a presence and an energy that you really want to be in. I left feeling like a million bucks and loving my hair. I will never go to another salon as long as I live in Las Vegas. I highly recommend Josephine Skaught to anyone looking for a quality hair experience!
5	I have EXTREMELY curly hair, and this place knew how to cut it! I came here a couple months ago, desperately finding someone who knew how to cut curly hair. I found her here!Allison is a great hair stylist. If you have watched the scene in the Princess Diaries where Mia is getting her makeover, that is how I felt. For $45, I was able to get my hair washed, cut, even blown out precisely how I wanted it.  She worked magic to my curls, and I left looking like a princess.Although I do not live near this salon anymore, I will definitely come back here for my next cut!
5	Ask for Amanda! She welcomed me with tea and always askes how I am. Hair came out fab... Also love the location in the Arts District. I'll be back!
5	Very happy with this salon... Was looking for a new stylist in Vegas and Allison was awesome. Came last week for a basic haircut and blow dry and loved her right away. She took the time to explain which Bumble and Bumble products to use on my hair and even showed me how to style it the way I wanted-- tousled and textured. While we were going through my "hair inspiration" Pinterest board on my phone, we realized color would be fun (I'd never ever colored my hair before) and I'd been considering it for a while. Sooo, we scheduled an appt for this week and I am thrilled with the result! Great stylist and good vibe in the salon - the music playlist is on point. Can't wait to come back and have Allison give me another fun look... Maybe bleached blonde? We'll see!
5	Skaught is amazing. He is great at cut and color. The salon is hip with art on the wall that they change every month or so. Makes it feel like your in a new salon each time.
5	I was in desperate need of a haircut, and Skaught is literally a miracle worker! My friend has been raving about him for years and now I am, too! I should post before and after pics. Skaught showed me several different ways to style my new cut and made me feel confident with my new do. He also kindly steered me away from a haircut that would have made me look like a middle school PE teacher. I highly recommend Skaught and his salon!!!
5	Amanda Fuller is by far the best colorist in town, and now she is in one of the awesomest salons downtown!  The combination is amazing and I highly recommend her! My husband and I both get cuts and color from Amanda. Not to mention they have testers of most the bumble and bumble products!!! :)
5	I've lived in different metropolitan areas, and have had several "high-end" cuts and colors.  None compare to the stylings of Amanda Fuller at Josephine Skaught.  I met her 13 years ago, and to this day I just sit down and tell her she can do what she wants.  I literally get stopped in the street over her color!Skaught has created a deliciously welcoming salon, where I feel like I just left a fab party every time I get my hair done.  Stop missing out.
5	This little salon is super cute when you walk in and is perfect for the downtown revival.  Georgia, who has been doing my hair forever, is what led me here since she now cuts hair here.  I was greeted warmly by the receptionist and asked to take a seat while Georgia finished up with another client.  I watched as other stylists cut, dried, and colored other people's hair and it really is like watching an artist.  Everyone seemed to have fabulous results.  The receptionist and one other person asked me a couple times if I wanted anything to drink, so that was nice.  Turns out they have wine and beer as well.  As always, Georgia did an amazing job and I left with my new 'do feeling happy and ready for the evening.
5	Great location! ...fun stuff to do before and after you get your hair did. It has a nice look, but chill and not snobby.  I let Amanda do whatever she wants to do with my hair. It always looks great! "Amanda is the best at color, in this town." - My wife and a grip of other stylists and photographers in Vegas. She's been known to fix bad color experiments/failures without killing hair. Calm down. It'll be OK. Amanda's got you. Plus.. She's a blastie blast!
5	Amanda F. is a truly talented  hair stylist; a hair artist. I've been a client for many years and NEVER been disappointed. Amanda is a hair designer; hair sculptor, color specialist, creative and has a great personality.   Her appointments run on time and she has great work ethics. She concentrates on your hair the whole time and uses top of the line products. The salon is very clean, trendy, and staff is professional.
5	They are amazing!! I've been going to Stephanie for years and she's been at a couple different salons and this is by far my favorite. Everyone who works there is friendly, and make you feel welcomed. Their B&B product is amazing, I recommend this salon all the time to friends.
5	This place is the best! Allison rules. She gives the best head...massages. She listens to what you want and makes sure it looks good. I've never left not feeling satisfied. Come in once, and this will be your new salon for life!
5	This salon is FABULOUS! Allison is awesome! She's a great colorist and her cuts are R-A-D! She's definitely a master at the "no awkward stage" grow out cut. I love that she listens to what you want and actually does it. Great atmosphere and good vibes. Never going anywhere else!
5	It was my first time to this salon today and went on friend and yelp recommendations to see Allison.  She was amazing!  The salon was very nice, lovely people, and a great location.  Allison couldn't have been sweeter. She gave me a great consult and loved all my Pinterest hair do's for recommendations.  My do was perfect and she taught me some great tricks.  Will be back certainly!!
5	The salon was awesome. I was from out of town and thought I'd get a much needed haircut while my boyfriend had a business meeting. I called up and they squeezed me in. Allison was great! She has a happy personality and really enjoyed working with my hair and both showed. She really listened and stuck to to what I wanted, explained her techniques and taught me some new ways to get a great blowout. Her blowouts are fabulous...I have thick wavy hair and usually get a Deva cut but it was a treat to get a blunt cut and a blowout. Two days later the cut still looks great even though I wear it wavy. I'm in Vegas once or twice a year for work and will definitely come back again next time.
5	Wow...This Downtown Salon is located in the Arts District. WAY Hairstyle Forward with the latiest innovative styles and top notch colorist for both Guys and Dolls.This place has Style and class..All I can say is....When can I come again...cant wait.Theres a styist for everyone.BEST SALON IN VEGAS...Such Friendly fun PEOPLE.need a new Hairstylist OR NEW Fresh Look, I did and Im so glad I took my friends advise and came. call or come in and let them know what your latiest needs are and they will suit you up with a top notch  Stylist....Ive been many times now and feel LIKE a movie Star when I leave.They have Great Colorist with the Bomb newiest Hair Colors. Make a appointment.....kinda buzy when ive been in .THANK YOU JOSEPHINESKAUGHT....keep rocking
5	I waited all my life to find someone who takes care of my curly hair like Allison does! She is sweet, patient, hilarious, and incredibly talented at not just haircuts but color too. I would never let anyone else touch my hair. I love telling people about her when I get compliments on my curls, which happens so often it's awkward! She also recently changed my husband's style to a gentleman's cut and we both LOVE it. She has more creativity and talent in her little finger than I have in my whole body! She will pamper you while you get your trim or completely change your look into something fresh and amazing. You'll feel like a new person!
5	What's there not to like about this place? In the heart of Vegas' 18b Art District, it's a 5 min drive from my house.  As i settle in for a shampoo, I look up to find local art on the walls as i melt under Allison's scalp massage. My eyes close and I let myself go as indie rock plays over the speakers. I'm offered a beer, and you know what? Sometimes i accept because gosh darnit, i deserve it. I walk out of there with a dope haircut, a relaxed smile, and barely a dent to my wallet. Did i mention how awesome Allison is? Thanks always.
5	Georgia cuts my hair phenomenally, she fades it well and my hard part is real clean.  I love the scalp massage and the hot towel on my face.
5	Megan is amazing. She does such a great job helping me look my best. I always leave the salon feeling like a movie star. The atmosphere in the salon is wonderful. My teenage daughters love it here too. Megan listens to me and know exactly what I want even when i don't.  Thanks Megan!!
5	Every experience I have had here is amazing. From styling my wedding hair, to average haircuts, to the Brazilian blow out, each time has been better than the last. The staff are incredibly professional and friendly. I love Allison! She's got a great bubbly personality that keeps you entertained throughout your appointment. On top of that, she's extremely detail-oriented and has a great sense of style that keeps my hair looking great.Furthermore, It's always interesting to see the artwork hanging from the walls, as it's always changing. I would highly recommend this place to anybody and everybody who asks.
5	I was in Las Vegas for the weekend and I needed a hair cut last minute. I found this hidden gem through yelp and I was not disappointed. Allison was awesome. She did an amazing cut and blow out on my hair. I only wish I went for a color too because it seemed that is something they are all really good at. If I lived in Vegas this would be my new salon.
5	Brilliant work from a delightful team. You can't go wrong at Josephine Skaught. Skaught has been at this with a profound passion and it comes through in every person he touches.
5	Hands down my best haircuts and colors have been by the amazzzzing Amanda Fuller. She takes her time to understand exactly what I want and even though I'm terrible at explaining ... She reads my mind and gets it right every time! I've since moved to San Diego but can't wait to come back to Vegas and get my locks rocked by Amanda!
5	I had Megan Trivette and she was fabulous! My hair had a horrible green tint to it and was just dead and awful. She was able to walk me through the proper coloring and services we should do that would be best to bring my hair back to life and boy did it do wonders by time I left! She's very down to earth and easy to talk to and makes your visit very pleasurable! Everyone should book her next time they choose this salon! YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED!
5	I just got home from my haircut and I have to say the whole experience was great. The staff was friendly and the place is very chic and cool. I made an appointment with Allison and she was very knowledgeable about how do to the cut I wanted. She has magically hands when shampooing hair and she's even better with a razor. She totally brought life back to my hair. I made an appointment to be back in six weeks. Love this place.
5	Georgia is my stylist.  I followed her from her previous location.  Her styles and coloring is top notch.  She is the only stylist to execute exactly what I want.  I wont let anyone style my hair Location is in a great place in the Art District.  Easy to find & ample parking.
5	This salon is the bees knees. It is right within the arts district. The service is always spot on and I have never received anything but the best haircut ever. Highly recommend to everyone.
5	After tons of research and excellent reviews, I had decided to contact this salon and take a leap of faith that I would find a talented hairstylist.  I was fortunate to receive an appointment with Allison who is an amazing artist who provides phenomenal customer service and an awesome head massage.  I am so pleased with my beautiful cut and color that I will only go to Allison from now on.  The staff at the salon are super friendly; the salon and its decor is clean and stylish.  No attitude here at this salon just a sense of comfort and professionalism without being stuffy.
5	Im new to Las Vegas and was endlessly  searching for a salon that met my needs. Im on the journey to going platinum (silver/white) and from my past treatments, was left with damaged, unnatural yellow hair before coming to this salon. As soon as I walked In Lucas at the frint desk greeted me and offered me a beverage.  Such a nice guy. He then Introduced me to my stylist/savior Megan. Lol super sweet girl and did WONDERS TO MY HAIR! Shes so easy to talk to and just really knows her stuff. I came in to get it lightened but with my ends so damaged she was very nice and upfront and suggested if I wanted to keep my length that I only do a toner that day and take home some hair therapy to use and follow up for a 2nd booking next month to achieve my desired look. I agreed because I came in knowing my hair was a mess and needed saving. I let her do her thing and have never been so happy with my hair! After washing, deep conditioning and toning my hair, Megan then gave it a long overdue cut and Amazing style. I let her do ther thing with the style as well and just cannot say enough great things about her. Shes fabulous.  All of the employees are so sweet. They were all refreshing and seemed legitimately happy to be there and got along great with each other. The atmosphere is fun and they have awesome artwork up and are located in a great location with amazing art in the building as well. Very easy going and down to earth people and I just had to give them 5 stars. I will no longer be looking for a salon, I found the perfect place here. Thanks again guys!!!
5	I have been in Las Vegas for 4 years. I have looked high and low to find someone who knows how to cut my hair the way I like it - Georgia. She wins. I have short, thin hair. I've even gone as far as cutting my own hair on a regular basis. I was referred to this place - I was told that everyone there is good. And they're right. I look around at all of the stylist and what they're doing when I go to salons. I always see them doing amazing work with everyone there. They're all super fashionable and they know the latest trends. Perfect for anyone that's not sure of what they want. Georgia is the pretty lady I go to. She is the nicest and most friendly stylist I've ever gone to. When you walk in the door, they're all super nice and smile at you. Always a plus. Georgia is so good about listening to what you want and offers suggestions when you're not quite sure. She cuts my hair so perfectly and I always get compliments.I refer everyone I know to this place! They have very reasonable pricing for everything - it's worth the price you pay.
5	The best all around! Absolutely love my hairdresser Amanda Fuller :) she really knows her stuff...I wanted my hair a certain way and all the other salons in town told me that they couldn't do my hair the way I wanted...and she totally nailed it! She is the best stylist I've ever had!!! Luv her and the salon is amazing and the entire staff :)
5	two words one big name: M-E-G-A-N   T-R-I-V-E-T-T-Ei just got home from an exhausting day knowing that i still had to make it to the salon.  In addition to this, I had to go to a new salon that was recommended highly by my friend who referred me.  I've lived here for 8 years and i'm in the process of moving. I had been going to a girl who was good at the time but on the same token losing her consistency in styling/cutting my hair.  As they say change is good, well, let me tell you, change was GREAT! I can't thank Megan enough for first saving my hair from practically dying of thirst and famished from the dry thick abyss of nothingness (sorry hair), but also from bringing distinctiveness back to my full head of hair.She gave me a style that some critiques would disapprove, but i knew deep down inside that i liked this particular style for a reason.  Talk about bringing it back to life, and making that sweet sound of"more bounce to the ounce"  ;)Thank you Megan, You rock my head...hee!
5	I came for the first time one week ago. My hair had layers of dark at-home-dye. After the first session, my color didn't seem right to me. Amanda made time to see me right away the next day. While the final hair didn't look exactly like the picture I brought, the final style and color fit my face and coloring perfectly. Better than what I had planned.
5	I came here after having a less-than-stellar experience at a different salon in the area based mostly on Yelp reviews and pics. I was not disappointed! First, the location was not difficult to find and there was plenty of parking. The front desk staff is super warm, welcoming, and helpful. I was set up with Meghan (I hope I spelled that right!) and she was a dream compared to what I dealt with at the previous salon I mentioned.She totally understood what I was looking for (and I'm usually the client who isn't great at explaining what I want) and fully delivered. I was so happy and pleased with the improvement on my hair after she was done. Also, she wasn't pushy about products (I don't usually care about this but people typically include it in their reviews, so what the hell) - I did walk out with some great stuff, though - can't wait to use it all. She is also a great conversationalist so I was very comfortable the whole time; no dull moments. Everyone there I came across was really friendly so it was overall a great experience. I would definitely recommend!
5	I'm here right now, getting my hair done by Megan, and this is awesome. The atmosphere is so laid back and I feel so comfortable with all of my hair getting chopped off! I will soooo comeback here. Seriously. Megan did such an amazing job. Love ya, girl!
5	Seriously the best hair salon experience as a whole! As soon as I walked in I was greeted and offered something to drink and Megan started shortly after on me. I believe Kevin was the one that shampooed my hair which was awesome! I absolutely LOVE Megan! She was so nice and the hair cut she gave is seriously exactly what I wanted! The products she used smelled super yummy and now my hair feels and looks super amazing, better than it's ever looked! SOOOO glad I found this spot and I'm definitely coming back!!!
5	Loving my new hair!  Skaught is amazing and I have received many compliments!  From the arrival with the offer of a beverage to make me feel comfortable, to the shampoo and the cut itself.  The experience was wonderful.  I love that Skaught is so into the zone that he felt he needed to explain why he was not so talkative.  I would much rather have the concentration, as his work is artistry and is far more important than a conversation.I love the revitalization of the Downtown area and it is a pleasure to support businesses that are creating a fun and creative vibe.So for anyone looking for an amazing stylist I recommend Skaught.
5	I am new to Las Vegas. I was not happy with recent my color and cut, so I went to Yelp and found Josephine Skaught. Allison did my hair today.  She is amazing! She consulted me, asked me questions, made recommendations and was very thorough. She fixed the color and I walked out feeling amazing!
5	Great salon off  the strip - no parking issues and fantastic stylist
5	Megan has been doing my hair for a few years now and always does a fantastic job! She is excellent at blondes and colors. She is skilled beyond her years :) If you are looking for a color expert go to Megan!
5	I just moved to Las Vegas a few weeks ago and was need of some special treatment, a great color, and a fresh cut. Allison gave me all of that and more! She is so incredibly talented! She listened to what I wanted, looked at my pictures, and then talked me through her plan of action, and made me feel as comfortable as possible. (The cucumber water is delicious). I came in with a butchered hair cut from a previous stylist and Allison corrected my hair while being able to keep the length. If you are looking for a Lauren Conrad or Blake Lively haircut and color, she DEFINITELY knows what she is doing! She is the only stylist I will ever be going to in Las Vegas!! I walked out of Josephine Skaught a happy girl all thanks to Allison and her team!
5	After another stylist at another salon left my hair about 3 different colors and a red tint to it, I did my research. First I was searching for a salon a yelp that had an overall good rating. That's when Josephine Skaught popped up. And I can see why they have an average of 5 stars. I drove 30 minutes to get here and I will continue! The salon has very neutral tones and awesome local art :) everyone who works there is super nice. They immediately ask if you'd like anything to drink. They even made my coffee with half and half?!? Half and half and not just milk. That's so awesome considering I love my coffee. My stylist was also running late and the staff communicated to me that they were trying to get a hold of her and once they did they said she would be there in 5 minutes. I honestly didn't mind waiting to begin with. I'm a pretty chill person but the communication made it even better rather than just letting me sit there wondering. Thank you! Everything was extraordinary from my wash to even then individual rolled towels in the bathroom rather than just paper towels. Awesome. Now to the stylist I chose, which was Georgia based on her portfolio. During my consultation she told me step by step what she would do and priced me and was able to book me an appointment two days later. Again, she was a little late but I didn't mind. My appointment was earlier than she usually started so I understood. But again she kept reassuring me throughout the appointment what she was doing and that my hair would no longer be red. She is super sweet and down to earth. When I posted my after pictures to my social media, everyone loved my new hair and wanted to know who did it. I am definitely coming back! I have an appointment in a week for some balayage. I am excited. Thank you to everyone there who made the experience wonderful and to Georgia for helping my hair!
5	First of all, my mom is a hairdresser, she owns 2 salons in Tahiti (I am from there), so I am probably the most picky client a hairdresser could have !! I have been looking for a hairdresser since I am living in the US, I finally found Skaught !!!  Alleluia !!! First : this guy is super nice, funny to talk with and friendly ! All the staff is friendly by the way ! Second : Skaught is super efficient ! He's not going to book you if he has some else to take care in the same time, as some hairdressers do, they consider they have time to take care of 2 people on the same time, the consequence is to let you wait with your color on your hair during 2 hours because he has to finish the second client he started just after he applied the color on you (true story) !! THIS WILL NEVER HAPPEN with Skaught !!!! :) Plus, talking about efficient, Skaught is super fast !! I mean, trust me, I tried so much hairdresser, from super expensive (Caesars Palace, MGM Hotel) to cheap ones (the little guy working in freelance for nothing), and sometimes I spent more than 6 hours at the salon just for a coloration !!!!! Skaught took only 3 hours to make my coloration, to put my tape-in extensions, do my haircut, blow dry and curl my hairs !!! I never saw someone as efficient, I never had the feeling my hairdresser forgot me or gave up on me, as I could experience in so much others places ! And third : Skaught is a professional ! Yeah it's not because he's fast that he's gonna do it he wrong way, at the opposite, for the first time I had someone who truly care about my hairs, about what would be the best or not, and gave me real advices ! I am a blond, fake blond, originally a brunette, and all the brunette should know how it's hard to get a beautiful blond !!! Since I do my roots here in the US, I have experienced some orange, yellow, or the full head in platinum, but no one in America never succeed to make my roots correctly, my hair was a mess, and Skaught succeed to bring me back on a beautiful natural beach blond (like the "surf blond"), this is the blond I like !!! And another detail, the last but not least, for the first time in America I had a REAL blow-dry !!!! I mean, my hairs was smooth and soft, and usually hairdressers in America always have to use the flat iron to make it smooth cause they never success just with a blow-dry! (Another true story).  Conclusion : I am going to move in San Diego, and trust me, Skaught is one of the reason I will make the road to Vegas once a month !
5	Stephanie did an amazing job on my hair I love it! It's perfect. I will for sure be back
5	When my girlfriends and I went to Vegas, we came here and all got our hair done. They did such a great job on my hair. I got my entire head foiled with high lights and low lights and got a blow out of my hair. I loved it!!!!!
2	I have struggled with whether or not to post this review, but, maybe it will help another potential customer out.  First, let me say that I went to this salon, after having read the reviews on Yelp.  I was looking for a cut, color & highlight.  I got a 20% discount from Yelp, which was great (except it turned out to only be 20% off the haircut).  Yelp listed this salon as moderately priced with two $$.  When I made my appointment, I did not ask what the price would be, assuming if it was moderately priced, it would probably be comparable to the $120.-150.00 I've paid at other salons.First the pros:  They were very friendly, from the time I walked in the door, throughout my almost 4 hour visit.  Stephanie was my stylist, and she was just a sweetheart.  I loved my cut, color and highlights!  Cons:  As stated above, I was there for almost 4 hours!  I've never been in a salon for more than 2 1/2 hours for a cut, color, highlight.  Then came the cost....$300.00!  I got the discount for the cut, which was originally $65.00, bringing the final total to $287.00.  Then, of course, I also added a tip.I've lived in Las Vegas my entire life, and have been getting my hair colored for many, many years.  I have never paid more than $150.00, ever.  I was shocked!  I know that I should have inquired about the price when I made the appointment ...my mistake.Now I'm in a quandary, because I really do like my hair.  However, I need to get my roots done every 6-8 weeks, and I simply cannot afford this salon.  ;-(
5	If you want a salon with staff who seriously know their biz, make you feel like you're on vacation and treat you like a princess, this is the place for you.I had the best scalp massage of my life from Marvin, the coolest...most amazing and fabulous haircut and color of my life with Allison, the decor is beautiful. It was just.a perfect day and I look like a rockstar. So yeah you should do that. And Allison and Marvin, I heart both of your faces for making my day so special.
5	The salon is retro chic, great music and Bumble and Bumble products are used. Kevin gave me an amazing haircut and he was so much fun!
5	On a recent work visit to Las Vegas I found time to get a cut and color.  Not wanting to do the casino salons, I did a little research and found Josephine Skaught Hairdressing.  Impressed with before and after photos and stellar reviews, I got an appointment with Allison. I am so pleased!  First, the salon is comfortable, serene and on trend in the downtown LV arts district.  Allison was attentive and patient, listened carefully to my requests and concerns and responded well with recommendations that made sense.  It took time, but good, careful work gives good results worth every minute.  Allison blended my natural and artificial color with balayage that gave depth and glimmer.  She cut my hair slightly below shoulder length giving my thin hair surprising heft and swing. I absolutely love it, and look forward to my next appointment with Allison when I'm next in LV.   Oh, and she gave me an excellent recommendation for Mingo's next door.
5	Received an amazing balayage and cut from Allison. She was very helpful with explaining the processes and listened to what I wanted to have done. I could tell she was genuine because she asked specific questions about the color etc and about the pictures I had brought in as examples. I ended up with the best experience that I've ever had at a salon.The salon interior and atmosphere is also welcoming and professional. Everyone was very attentive, and I was asked several times if I wanted any coffee/tea to drink. Dreya (sp?) gave me a great wash and blow out as well. I highly recommend this salon and have already booked my next appointment!
5	I like this place my hair stylist is Megan she comes highly recommended by other friends and they were so right, great colorist and hair cut. Lucas at the front desk is a cutie pie he always remembers what is your favorite drink and greats you with a super friendly smile. They show case  local artist master works on their walls and this is a plus because every time you don't know what are you going to see! is my gallery visit every 8 weeks, some day I will ask to have my work show case there :)
5	It's an issue when your hair has the same color scheme of candy corn. So I got referred to Megan T for some color correction. And I got color perfectionThe salon is beautiful, it's full of skilled Bb hair stylists. I would not trust my hair with any other stylist or any other salon at this point.All I can say is GO. Embrace the recommendations. They are fabulous. There wasn't one bad color or cut that walked out of there. I promise this is your go to - regardless of where your hair stands now. They're my hair gods/goddesses now.Ps) I also the Bumble recommendations made for me. Listen to their advise!! I switched my regimen and I am delighted :)
5	Georgia, oooh oh Georgia on my mind.  I have been looking for a good stylist in LV for over a year.  Found One!Georgia is really great.  She took a lot of time upfront with me to do a color correction and my cut.  I have been getting highlights and my hair was waaay too light for my skin tone.  The salon setting is great, plenty of parking and they not only took care of me with beverages, but made sure my tag-a-long 7 year old was well cared for too.  I feel happy now that I have someone I can count on to make my hair all that it can be.
5	Had an appointment with Allison today. She took my ultra thick, natural curly and long mess of hair and sculpted it into something amazing and stylish. My hair needed Allison and the love and expertise she put into every single second of the appointment. The shampoo and scalp massage was amazing.
3	I have curly hair and I read all the reviews how great the hairstylist are for cutting curly hair. So I gave it a shot. Well all though they were great at explaining how they are going to cut my hair they didn't do such a great job. My hair has never been so frizzy, the ends remained straight while the rest was curly, and they layers caused a tent on the top of my head. Also the staff was pushy to buy their products. I would reconsider going here if  you have curly hair. The staff was cool and the environment was awesome but I won't be back...
5	I have to say...I'm pretty impressed with Allison. I've read her reviews for how great she is with curly hair, which I have but I don't wear it curly...so wasn't sure how great she'd be. She was super pleasant to talk to and actually listened to me when I said "please don't cut too much of my hair off as I'm trying to keep it long". I've never had a hairstylist actually listen to that request. They just go into chop mode and chop off 4 inches of your hair and tell you it still looks long. She's amazing at blowing out curly hair, which a lot of stylists tend to mess up. I rarely think this highly of stylists...I highly recommend giving her a try if you're looking for a new stylist.
5	Who doesn't love a little pampering to look and feel their best? I love it so much, I've been going across state lines for years just to get my hair done by Amanda Fuller. I have trusted her with my hair for over 10 years. She has helped me with color corrections, brightening my red hair color, cutting my unruly curly hair, and with consulting to pick the right shade of red for me.I always know she will offer what will look best on me, and I trust her judgement. She also gives the best scalp massages. Now that I live across the country, I will still find a way to have her do my hair at least once a year.
5	Stephanie is a magician! She transformed my hair from dull and dry to soft and healthy looking. I am so in love with my new color and cut, I can't stop looking at it in the mirror.  She is so friendly and didn't scold me for doing at-home color, like some stylists have done in the past. It has taken me a year to trust a stylist here in Vegas, and I just found my new hair expert! She gives great advice on how to care for your hair and suggests, but doesn't push, products for you. Thank you Stephanie!!
5	Who took care of my hair: Allison.So let me begin with why I'm writing this review a whole two months later:Today, I was sitting in the bathroom testing out my new flat iron. Which I haven't worn my hair straight in months upon months, if I ever do it's once in a great moon. Mainly because I'm never too confident about the way my hair falls.For years I've gone to various salons, cheap and expensive services, other states, other countries... and each and every time I've either: cried about my hair (I was always too nice to say anything in front of the stylist) or obsessed with it for weeks until I come to terms with it. I've even gone 2 years without a hair cut in my younger years because I was so afraid. Never had a haircut I was satisfied with. I've really just learned to settled with going to whatever salon for the past few years due these previous experiences. I always thought it was because I had curly hair (which I fought relentlessly with while growing up) that people just couldn't give me a decent style. I couldn't even get a good blowout unless my hair was loaded with products.Okay, now fast forward to now, back to where I began this review with. As I'm straightning my hair and letting it fall I was extremely shocked at how amazing my layers looked. Two months later and they look pretty much perfect. Not that I didn't notice how great my hair cut and highlights (subtle ombre balayage on my long brown hair) were before. This made me reflect on these past two months. I've gone through quite a bit so I haven't had the opportunity to fully check out my hair...that or it's looked so good since day one that I didn't have to worry about my hair and I didn't have to spend extra time styling my hair to make it look better. My highlights have even lost the tone to them, but the way that they were painted into my hair, I don't even care about that minor detail. It looks beautiful still, very subtle and natural, just the way I like it. I moved out of state about a month ago, so I wasn't able to make two appointments I scheduled, but I've very, VERY interested in scheduling an appointment soon the next time I travel back up to Vegas. (hopefully here soon) That's really saying something, that I'm comfortable and confident enough in my decision to go out of state to have my hair done. Allison did a wonderful job, and I'm very thankful to have found her and to have found a salon like Josephine Skaught.Let me tell you something about the atmosphere: Wonderful. I don't think I've ever stepped foot into a salon with such a good atmosphere as this. I've developed and have been recovering from some severe anxiety over the past year and a half, and this was very comforting. There were 6 workers I noticed in the salon at the time I was there. They all seemed to have a very good work relationship together, be very people oriented, very nice/caring, fun vibes, and seemed to enjoy and take pride in there work. (Was a very entertaining moment too watching them trying to get rid of a pestering fly.)For the job done on my hair, the price was reasonable and worth it. I highly recommend this salon, and highly recommend Allison. I hope to come here soon.
5	Best haircut of my life, truly. This was my third time with Allison, and every time I've left totally amazed, but this one's a masterpiece. I have weird wavy hair and zero patience for styling, so whatever it looks like when I get out of the shower or bed is what it's gonna look like all day. And it looks MAGNIFICENT. Allison's a hair whisperer.Also, Megan turned my shaggy boyfriend into an exquisitely dapper specimen. Magicians is what they are.
5	Allison = Hair Goddess!Today was my 4th or 5th visit to Josephine Skaught.  Allison has been doing my color and cuts and it just gets better and better!!! I trust her 100% and her recommendations are always "Johnny on the Spot."  Allison is creative, super sweet and so talented. It's scary to put your trust into a new stylist but I would recommend her and the salon to anyone, male or female. Cool vibe, everyone is professional and truly nice. I can't remember her assistant's name, but she's equally amazing. Thank you ladies!
5	This is a great salon with really nice people!  Amanda Fuller is absolutely AMAZING!!  She is a skilled colorist who turned my orangey brown faded hair a beautiful rich mahogany with subtle highlights.  She is also very precise with her cuts. I LOVE my new cut and color.  If you are having any doubts..just book..I promise you will be very happy with the results.
4	I had my hair bleached all-over blonde two years ago, but blonde wasn't right for me, so I dyed it back to my natural dark brown color (both times at Circa Salon, a different Bb salon in Henderson). Since it been awhile that I had my hair dyed and being out in the sun often, my hair gradually became multi-colored (lighter in front and ends, darker in back, etc.).After months of wanting to fix my hair, I scheduled an appointment for an all-over color w/ Megan a few weeks in advance. I wanted my hair to be a specific dark brown that's close to my natural hair color, and Megan achieved that for me. I like how their hair dye is non-toxic, and doesn't smell strong like other hair dyes. Not only she made my hair the perfect shade of brown all-over like I wanted (and very shiny too), but also gave me a really good haircut. I requested long layers, and a v-shape at the back, and she gave me that. Not too long, not too short, just right. I don't know what Megan exactly does, but she's truly professional and skilled in what she does.Although Megan did an amazing job on my hair, I felt her assistant (or student, I don't remember) was lazy. Megan sent her assistant to wash the dye out of my hair, put color lock treatment, then shampoo while she went to schedule some appointments. Her assistant didn't try to wash the products out my hair. She just lightly put on the products, and let the water run through. She sent me back to my chair, even though there's still A LOT of product in my hair and on my scalp. She noticed a minute later and sent me back to wash it out again. The second time, she put a little bit more effort to wash it out but :/ I know everyone's human, and my hair is long/thick so it takes more effort than the usual head of hair but getting your hair washed is supposed to be the best part. No nice head massage from her for both times, so it wasn't a relaxing experience that I always get from Circa or my other salon :( The salon itself is simple, quaint and clean. They offer drinks to you and anyone waiting. They accept any form of payment which is a plus since some salons & hairdressers only accept cash. I'm happy I got my hair exactly how I requested thanks to Megan! My hair feels much more healthier, and lighter. I highly recommend anyone looking for a new hairdresser on Yelp to Megan! It's pricey even compared to salons on the Strip, but if you have anything specific in mind they won't screw up :)
1	I definitely wouldn't get the hipster chick with short hair. She pushed services and products on me and didn't listen to what I wanted. She did a good job but it wasn't what I wanted at all and ended up very unhappy. Plus, this place is in the ghetto and I ended up being charged $230 when it was supposed to be around $110...wtf.
5	Megan Trivette Has been my hair's caretaker for over six years. She has fixed the post-breakup self given bangs and bad hair color bathroom sessions all the way to providing me with my now forever (I will never go back long!) short, sexy bob. Megan has ombre'd my hair, turned me red, brunette, has trimmed me, straight edged me, and everything else in between. What I'm clearly saying is that I would trust Megan to do anything with my hair.Not only is she largely professional, but she is also intuitive to what her client needs. Megan doesn't fail to deliver amazing service!Additionally, I have yet to have anything but exceptional experiences at Josephine Skaught as a whole. What a great team! They're fortunate to have Megan be an instrumental part of it. Bumble and Bumble is a a definite rating star of its own as well!
5	I LOVE this salon ! Saw Megan today and she did an amazing job shaping my hair into the exact style I wanted. Everyone at the salon is nice and professional. It's also very clean and perfectly trendy. If you are looking for a new salon, don't go anywhere but here. Thanks JS!!!
5	Amanda at Josephine Skaught Hairdressing is my hair Guru (in the non religious sense).  Her ideas are wonderful and I have a stylist that knows her color!  I'm very happy I found this one!
