2	If it's not divey enough to be a real dive then everything that WOULD BE charming about a dive just becomes nasty or stupid or annoying.  Combine that with all the worst traits of a 'nite-club' style bar and we find Metro Sportz Bar.A place that has an appearance as decently presentable as this is simply not allowed to pull the crap of  "CASH ONLY" and then point you to their privately owned and highly fee'd ATM against the wall.   And trying to be that cheap-ass while selling mAcrobrews at mAcro prices!Seemingly serious bouncer presence checking ID's and such, and yet when a tweaker walks in wearing pajamas and carrying a chihuahua, security dude's too lazy to get up from his stool and plate of fruit to do anything about it, but he did make sure to verbally complain about it to anyone in earshot, from the time puppyTweaker showed up until about 5 minutes after he was long gone. I think I'll end up back in here eventually, and then I'll know if another server crew might bring more of the friendly neighborhood divey feel this place wishes it had.In the meantime I've got plenty of other places to play free chip-tourney poker.
2	This sports bar offers food and drinks at a reasonable price. They also offer pool, darts, a reasonable smoking patio, a TV section for watching events, off track dog race betting, and poker nights i believe.I frequented this establishment from 2003 to 2006 when the atmosphere was fun, the staff would remember you by name and there was usually a pool table or dart board available.I stopped going here because nearly the entire staff was turned over, whomever is managing the bar has surrendered the entire pool table section to a league which seems to play every night and the fun atmosphere has turned into a tense one with the lower class crowed that has moved in.I am sad to say this once fun bar is now only good for... well not much.
2	I was born & raised in Phx. It's a habit of mine to carry a bottle of water EVERYWHERE I go. Ever been dehydrated? I have. It sucks, big time. I walk in with my purified bottle of water & get, "You can't have that in here. No outside beverages allowed." It's a bottle of water. Are you effing serious? Major points lost there. You can't truly ever redeem yourself after that. I'll continue though...For 2 drinks it was over $11.This place is huge! It's so big I lost my friend for a second because I looked away & he'd gone around a corner.This place is more like a pool hall with a huge bar in the middle & TV's with varying sports on them.There's a wall of TV's of different sizes towards the front. Almost each one has a different sport on it. Sensory & sport overload.The lady bartender who gave me crap about my water was just unpleasant the whole time I was there. Even without the whole water thing I still would have thought she was a b*tch.My friend accidentally spilled his drink & they tried to tell him they were out of Midori. 2 seconds later they start telling him they'll get more from the back. Make up your damn minds.The only slightly redeeming qualities about this place is the juke box & restroom. I remember the restroom being clean. I didn't see anyone choosing music but what got played was stuff I liked.All in all this place was a failure.
3	yesss....oddest bar experience yet, but what a night! I was in town visiting friends with a friend, and this was across the street from the hotel, and I wanted a drink!! I got a few drinks hereIt is an interesting atmosphere...i'd say the widest age range i've seen in a bar/club ever! there were really old people just chillin betting on sports events, and of course drinking. This was also the first establishment that I went to that had a visible sign asking patrons not to bring in their weapons. So we got there...and decided to just sit at the bar and order a drink, i got a beer, and my friend waited for happy hour. While we were sitting there, TINY offers us a shot! I was confused because old men don't normally buy shots for me...but i took it, waited too long to thank him because he was wasted (or so it seems) but if you're gonna be coming here...give tiny a shoutout for me yeah? anyway...from atmosphere to the reviewssliders...excellent for their price. they have price ranges to how fancy you want the sliders, and SUPER cheap appetizers. LOVED the prices here drinks...BIG and cheap...just the way i love em, and the bartenders were really cool. there was also a waitress there with a really southern accent...that was fun too so there you have it...cheap food, cheap drinks, diverse crowd, and sports!! only big issue i had was their big banner promoting the suns reading, "beat L.A." no beat LA
5	This is the most authentic bar in Phoenix.If you have to stay in Phoenix for an extended period of time and are wondering why you keep going out and finding every establishment completely vacant after 10pm.....you  are not alone.I think all the real working class humans in PHX who arent Scottsdale and Tempe douches come to Metro Sportz. A good mix of Mexican dudes and biker dudes comprise the crowd here. I came here mid-day to watch a big soccer game on TV and another time to watch Ultimate Fighting. During the ultimate fighting event, the bar was SO crowded they ran out of cups and my giant union friends drank DIRECTLY out of beer pitchers. it was AMAZING. once two of my friends sat at the bar and entertained a LINE of men waiting patiently to talk to them. very funny? very cute actually.you can also play pool here aaaannddd once my friend vomited on the floor and no one really cared. impressive.seriously, if you are tired of the lame Phoenix club scene. go to Metro Sportz. not very Phoenix-y.
3	Would be higher rated if they accepted cards, how old school is that to pay an extra fee to drink?Well rounded sports bar with tables and darts and plenty of TV'sDecent staff depending on what girl you get help from.has people in it every night of the week and never seems dead, that's why the boys and I stop by after the night shift.worth the time, and the adventure. Good mix of crowd
4	This is one of the best and most horrible places I've been. Crowd is composed of various dangerous-looking people, some of whom were on oxygen or in wheelchairs. One bartender is a cranky Uncle Jesse impersonator whom--I was told--turns off the karaoke from time to time in mid-song.  The other bartender appeared to have something else on his mind: Perhaps a desire to be somewhere, anywhere else. They were out of a couple of the beers on tap this particular visit. TV's are all over the place and most of them are tube sets, some with skewed pictures. Drinks are not especially cheap, but not that expensive, either.So what's so good about it?It reminded me of the Thunderdome, and on a few occasions I felt like shouting out "WHO RULES BARTERTOWN!!!!!?!?!?!?!?!" in a faux Aussie accent. This is Metrocenter and the West side after the apocalypse. It's already happened, and we didn't even need nukes.So, four stars for the wonderful, horrible experience.
3	This place is a dive, but there is nothing wrong with that.  It's a pretty big space and there is always a place to sit.  I have never been there too late though.  Drinks are pretty cheap, service is fine, but they only accept cash.  Food is pretty cheap too.
3	I go more out of convenience than preference. Its an odd place, with lots of odd characters. I have never been there at night, but I am guessing that it gets even more "interesting" at night. I think Metro SB is having an identity crisis. I am not sure if it is a dive, a club, a restaurant, a pool hall... But that is okay. I will still continue to go there. Note: They are a cash only bar, but they do have an ATM machine, which I am sure charges a ridic service fee. So bring your cash!
1	The waitress couldn't tell me which Shock Top they had on tap, and didn't know that a mudslide isn't always a frozen drink.And thanks place only takes cash.Fuck this place.
1	Thank you Buffalo Wild Wings for opening up 200 yards away. I will never go back to Metro now that there is another option. Service is horrible. Only have 1 good place to watch the TVs, any other spot in the bldg you can't see. Greatest feature- walking distance to Buff WW
3	Ok, so I aimlessly wandered in here tonight because I thought, what the heck, why not try something different, right? I mean, I really had meant to go to Buffalo Wild Wings, but for some reason, I changed my mind at the last minute and came here instead.this was one of the funniest, yet saddest experiences I've had at a bar in a long time.  For starters, it looks really cool from the outside.  kinda cool signage, giving me the impression that it had something more to offer. I pulled into a jam packed parking lot-on a Tuesday night! I'm like wtf? is it a holiday or something?Place is huge, with tons of tables and dart boards.  But here's where things changed for me.  For starters, there was a pool and dart tournament going on.  There was a lady by the dart boards with a bracket keeping track.  Also, I had to wait for some time before the bartender made her way to me to see what I wanted to drink.  While I was waiting, there was an announcement about it being $2 Tuesday! yay!  But I couldn't hear what beers. Eventually the waitress came over to me and asked what I wanted to drink.  I asked her if she had a drink menu-she said they don't have a drink menu! WHAT? WHERE AM I?  Then I asked her what drinks she had on special because I heard something over the loud speaker.  She asked me what they said. I'm asking YOU what they said! Like its a game of chicken to see what she think I heard and what I did hear! OY VEY.Eventually, I got $2 big ass drink and sat for a minute. I walked around and watched some people play pool. Plus, after my interaction with the bartender, I didn't feel like sitting there anyways, so I moved along.  Eventually I went outside to the patio and hung out. I thought, why not, its nice outside, right?OMG the people I met where hysterical and really freakin nice! THIS is why I bumped it up a star. Eventually, people started piling outside to smoke after the tournaments were on break, and people started talking amongst themselves.  The people were hilarious! There were two guys talking to me who where funny. Another guy with a snaggle tooth who seemed homeless or something, and the bartender who gave me attitude earlier in the night as well!This is a very divey bar. If you want to go here, relax, chill out and meet crazy funny people go here.  Do not expect anything fancy, and be prepared for some entertaining peeps.....
5	You know it's exactly what you would expect from a sports bar. Cheap food. Cheap beer. Plenty of places to sit. Diverse crowd. I mean when it comes to a bar to chill out and relax or play pool or throw down the beers without worrying about getting cut off for getting a little excited about the game then this place hits the nail on the head. It's real. The people are real. None of this stuffy polo and khakis (though if u did wear polo and khakis I don't think anyone would look at you twice.  I rate it a 5 because it's not pretending to be something it's not. A bar. Plain and simple. People are loud. Music plays. And people have a good time.
4	Never done me wrong, never noticed any drink specials and sometimes it takes awhile to get a drink but they have a million pool tables and a nice big patio
4	Metro is a great place to kill the time. Ok music and great people watching. Cider on tap beer on tap good mixed drinks. The waitress staff and bartender staff are all nice folks and work hard for their money.
