4	This place is the closest you will find to the real deal (south of the border style) in old town...  if you are a gringo you might be out numbered but the food is pretty good... if you don't speak Spanish you can point to what you would like... this is so real you can actually get gut tacos (i was not a fan... too chewy)...  if i were you i would get the quesadilla... just had it for lunch today and I don't want to try anything else... you know this place is the real deal when they serve you the Mexican bottle and have the recycling create where you throw the stuff away... i would recommend this place for the adventurous (and those that have stomachs of steel)... but check it out... nice lil gem...
1	Diarrhea inducing shit food is what you'll find at Tacos Jalisco. It's pretty authentic if your idea of Mexican food is Rocky Point. It's dog turds... Rocky Point side of the road tacos are good only because you spent all weekend drinking nothing but beer and you're drunk... the reality is, it barely counts as food.My roommate swears by it and eats there frequently, but I had trouble digesting it. He lived in Argentina for like a year, so maybe that's why he likes it. Plus, he is fluent in Spanish. It's the kind of place you would feel a lot more comfortable at if you spoke Spanish. It seems to always be crowded. The tables are always dirty and it's hot and smelly inside. There are so so many good Mexican food restaurants in the valley - many that are authentic. This place is benefiting from the location because it is right on the edge of little Mexico in south Scottsdale. It's seriously dump though - terrible food made from garbage ingredients. Best thing I can say about it is that it's cheap.
4	I've never actually dined on property or even step foot in the place for that matter, but I've had the food numerous times and it is phenomenal. I'm craving it as I type this so it felt like a good time for a review.Some bussers I use to work with at my old job would go pick up food from here on Friday nights and we'd have our weekly feast. I pretty much always got the same thing...two carne asada tacos and a cheese quesadilla. I can't remember the name of the cheese they use, but apparently it's used in real Mexican cooking and it is amazing. Seriously...it's amazing. The sour cream is amazing. It doesn't taste like any other sour cream I've ever had. The green sauce that comes with it is delicious. I don't know if it was avocado/guacamole based or green chile or what, but it's perfect.The carne asada steak was always made to perfection on the tacos. Add some of the fresh diced onions and some of their hot sauce (which is, yes, amazing) and it is a perfect little Mexican meal.And I don't exactly have what you would call an "iron stomach." However, I never once got any sort of upset stomach from this place. For me to say that about any restaurant, much less one that serves authentic Mexican food, is really saying something.I would probably give it five stars but I've never actually dined at the place so I guess I can't give the establishment a complete review.
2	Well, It has a colorful menu board?!Unfortunately, that's about all Tacos Jalisco has that appeals to me.  I've eaten there twice and the first time the food wasn't memorable (literally, I don't remember it).  The second time the food was so bland it made me want to cry.  I had the gorditas carnitas.  It was hot, but there was absolutely no flavor...or texture.  It was basically hot Mexican mush, and that describes the beans and the rice too.  The staff was friendly, and the place was clean.  I'm not sure if the guy in the corner is selling bootlegged CDs or not, but it seems kinda sketchy to me.Hans really loves this place, but I am not sold.  At all.
4	I hate going to a restaurant I haven't been to in a long time and discovering the food just isn't as good as I remember it being...luckily, that is far from the case with Tacos Jalisco. I don't know what people are ordering that is so bland and diarrhea-inducing, but I got two steak tacos and a cheese quesadilla today and they were even better than I remember. The steak is perfectly done and very flavorful. Add a light amount of sauce and onions and it's perfect. And the quesadilla...oh man...that cheese and sour cream is so damn good! Best sour cream I've ever had. Another thing I like about it is that the food is simple- The steak tacos don't come with a pile of bland rice or a pound of shaved lettuce to make the plate look full like they do it at most Mexican restaurants. Just the tacos, the quesadillas, and some sauce. All for less than $8 with a bottle of water. Plus, I felt great afterwards...no bowel-related issues to speak of. But I'm writing way too much about this place...I just wanted to share my excitement in rediscovering it today.
4	This place is what it is. Solid "street style" Mexican food served right in the heart of South Scottsdale. This is a great greasy spoon with some legit dishes, quick service, and inexpensive prices. We usually hit this place up for lunch a couple of times a month but could very easily do breakfast or late night (open until 2 am) too.  While I normally get the carne asada combo which comes with rice, beans, salad, tortillas, and guacamole for only $6.48, this time I split the 3 tacos (carne, about $4.50) and the torta de milaneza ($4.17).  We also ordered a Coca-Cola o Manzana ($2.09, more on this in a moment) and a Negra Modelo ($3.01). Thankfully this place doesn't just use corn flakes and flash fry their milanezas. They actually lightly bread it and fry  it to as close to home made perfection as I have found here in Scottsdale.  The carne tacos were seasoned well and served with a mild salsa on corn tortillas. Don't expect them to be the large size, but do expect them to be stuffed to the brim and very filling.  As I mentioned the Coke was straight from Mexico and served in the bottle. While I am not a huge fan of the south of the boarder formula, my fiancee loves it and was ecstatic to find this being served here.  They do also have a soda fountain for those that want something a little more "local."  The torta was served on a warm roll with lettuce, tomato, and a little mayo and was one of the best sandwiches I have had in Scottsdale in some time.  It may have  become my new go-to dish here. If you like steak I definitely recommend you try it as well.  There is both inside and outside seating, but nobody is really sitting outside at this time of year without shade and a mister system.  There is also a pickled vegetable bar that I don't partake in but seems to get a ton of action by other customers every time I am in there. Normally during the work week I doubt that the beer would have been ordered which means that the two of us yesterday could have gotten out of here for about six bucks a piece which is great for delicious, authentic, filling Mexican food that you don't have to drive 2 and a half hours south for. One last thing, it is worth noting that this place is on the north side of Thomas just west of Scottsdale road and there is no way to make a left into the parking lot so make sure you are coming from the Scottsdale road side of things so that you don't have to turn around.
4	Across the street from a Taco Bell - but so much better.  Located just south of Old Town on Thomas, to the West of Scottsdale Road, it is located in a small building on the North side of the street.  Depending on sensibilities, one may or may not want to eat in - it is a pretty basic interior with a few tables - some would even call it a greasy spoon.However, the food is great - if you like authentic south of the border fare.  There is a large menu painted on the wall, with pictures of the food and descriptions .  You can get combinations, or individual orders of tacos, burritos, etc. It is inexpensive -  I had two carne asado tacos and a fountain drink for less than $5.00.  The hot sauce and condiments are great, and the people are friendly.  Great little place for a quick bite to eat for breakfast, lunch or late night.
4	So from the outside this place doesn't look to appetizing but get past that and check it out.  I have been on a ceviche kick lately and I stopped in to cure a taco kick and ended up getting a great ceviche tostada.  The menu has many south of the border options for street tacos (real tacos).  The price was great as well.  This place is a must if you like street tacos or ceviche also they serve 7 seas soup which is amazing.  Check it out if you haven't been.
5	Taco Jalisco Is SO Authentic, It Should Be Deported!My friend Mike always told me I should check out Taco Jalisco on Thomas, just west of Scottsdale Road (you have to be traveling west to get into the parking lot). I trust Mike's tastes, but not in women, so with an afternoon errand we had to run, we stopped at TJ for lunch/brunch.The outside is unassuming and probably hiding for "La Migra" so don't blink or you'll miss it. It's right next door to the "Smoke Shop."As Mike says, "it's like you've crossed the border without a passport." You step into a place that was airlifted from any town in Mexico and the number of Mexicans eating there tell you it is authentic, frightening to timid white people and due to be raided at any moment.The menus is laid out right in front of you. Have a second choice as they cook only the freshest household pets and not everything might be available that day.My first choice of the fried steak torta was not available or they were just playing with me, so I got the taco, torta cobination. Mike chose the breakfast eggs with something and it looked really good. I'm guessing the Chorizo is the best in the city. When I have a day to spend close to a bathroom, I'll give it a try.You won't walk away anything but full. With sides of rice, refried beans and vegetable garnishes, bring an appetite.Aside from leaving full but not bloated, it tasted fresh and I had that, "I ate something healthy" feeling. I'll certainly be returning soon. Don't forget the salsa, chili and limes that sit in a side bar but you might want to ask how spicy some are because this is Mexican food that isn't dumbed down for Americans.
4	A tiny hole in the wall that only some people know about, I was taken here by one of my fathers employees and initially I was a little uncertain, but having traveled in many countries taught me that some of the best places were hidden in very low key fashions... Got the steak tacos and they were excellent... Given it's pretty good location right off Thomas and Scottsdale road I am sure this place will be around for a while.... Definitely stop in if you are ever in the area!
4	This place is the bomb. The whole atmosphere is pure mexico street joint. Let me set the scene for you. The first thing you'll see is a guy selling bootlegged DVD's in the corner (allegedly). There's usually little kids running around grabbing coke refills and putting more quarters in the jukebox, which usually blares loud, authentic mexican folk songs. There's an industrial strength jet engine fan in the far corner of the restaurant doing it's best to cool off all the patrons wiping sweat from their foreheads. There is a tiny window where you place your order,  and the entire wall around that window is composed of the menu with photos of food. The food isn't great. About what you would expect, but just as good as any mexican street vendor down in central Mexico. Lots of lard, salt and gristle. But it tastes soooo damn good! What I like best is the salsa bar, complete with all you can eat escaveche. You know, the pickled jalapenos, onions, carrots and cauliflower that make me salivate just thinking about it. If your order sucks, just pour some spicy salsa on there or better yet pour some of that vinegary escabeche juice over your dish and before you know it, it will be perfect. Your best bet is probably the carne asada taco plate. Make sure to get a cold beer to go with your meal, so you can get your mouth really burning hot, and then cool it off with the cold beer, and repeat that process about 30 more times. Pure heaven.
4	Last night I was craving something to eat and since it was 9pm on a Monday not too many options to choose from, but I was excited to see that Tacos Jalisco was open so I headed down for some late night grub.  I ordered the Chile Rellano plate which is two Chile Rellano's and rice and beans.  The food was great but very tough to eat with plastic silverware.  Next time i get these I'll just order to go.  They have Coca Cola in the bottle which to me is always a plus cause it is so much better than American Coca Cola.  So ya check this place out if you are in the area
5	I believe this particular establishment to be the best restaurant in Arizona. I have felt this way for a while now and it's mostly because the "al pastor" is the most delicious and addictive taco or gordita around...or dish of any sort! The atmosphere is what you might expect from an authentic Mexican eatery: corny and comical, but the jukebox is solid and the Spanish soap operas are always entertaining as you wait for heaven to come to your table.Also amazing here are the tacos de lengua, cabeza, and the soups are clean and flavorful. And the salsa bar is perfect with plenty of roasted jalepenos, escabeche and three different salsas all wonderfully distinct and properly seasoned.
5	Oh tacos Jalisco, you are my everything. Coming from a border town flooded with authentic Mexican food, I set my standards pretty high for tacos and the likes. Tacos Jalisco reassures me that I don't need to go back home for my fix. These tacos are legit! I recommend the al pastor, cabeza, and lingua. So good I got my vegetarian girl friend to try one just because the smell of the to go box in my car was driving her crazy.Oh, and the lady who took my order was a sweetheart as well.
5	A legit hole-in-the-wall mexican restaurant! It ain't pretty but don't let the deter you! I moved to Arizona because of this place! I take everyone here. Their salsa bar is authentic. The al pastor burritos, breakfast burritos, and tacos kick ass! Thats all I ever get because they have the best al pastor I've ever had, but everyone else enjoys their food thoroughly as well. $3.99 for a burrito, eat half and eat the rest later. I hate left overs and I swear that their burrito is awesome and might even be better reheated in the microwave. WTF! Try them and foodgasm.
3	Hmm.  It was okay, but I didn't think it was great.We "dined" in and the interior matched the exterior, so I had high hopes this hole would serve some tasty grub.  I went with the flauta dinner, which were really more of a rolled taco.  To me there is a difference, though perhaps that's just my experience.  I expect the rolled taco to be tightly rolled with a filling with more of a "is this beef or chicken?" texture.  The flauta would be fatter with shredded beef or chicken.  No worries, I'm equally happy with both.  And while the flauta was good, I was not overly fond of the somewhat bland avocado green "sauce" atop.  I did think the beans were excellent and would definitely return for those alone.I also had a bite of my husband's gorditas and thought they were excessively greasy and should have been drained a little more.  Overall, I was generally pleased and wouldn't mind going back sometime to try something else.  I did wonder, though, how there could be so many slashes in the vinyl seats when there are only plastic knives available.
5	Most legit mexican food I've ever ate. You know its good when your the only white person in there. Straight up authentic and everyone is very nice, including the chef who now knows me. Breakfast burritto has won "Best cure for a hangover" over last years winner "Pedialyte freeze pops". The only thing is a couple of times I've requested the God-like el pastor and received beef or non el pastor pork. Well worth the $3-5 bucks youll spend there!!!
2	I am not impressed.It's positively scandalous that in a city that is 41% Latino, most of whom are Mexican-American, that there is so much crappy Mexican food. I really don't get it. Anyway, there really isn't much to say about this place.  It's a shithole, which I wouldn't mind if the food is great, but that is not the case here.  They are serving up extremely mediocre Mexican food.  I had the three taco plate with tacos de cabeza.  The tacos were okay.  The rest of the stuff on the plate was crap.  A tiny portion - maybe an eighth of a cup each of rice and beans, accompanied by a really odd and nasty avocado sauce and a very sad little salad with roughly three tablespoons of mayo.The price for the taco plate and a large horchata was $9.76.  While not expensive, that's really not that cheap for a place like this, if you know what I mean.This is by no means the worst Mexican food I've ever had but reading these reviews you would get the impression that it's something special.  It's not.  You'd do better at any taco truck in Tucson or Southern California.
4	In a city that's awash in over-priced "authentic" sit-down Mexican restaurants, Tacos Jalisco is a welcome respite. This is some legit-ass taqueria food that I'll take any day over the fancier, less delicious variety. In particular, as others have mentioned, the al pastor is fantastic. The care asada and carnitas were bland by comparison. I had three tacos when I came to try a sample of the different meats.. I'll definitely be trying their highly praised breakfast burrito next time I'm here.
1	WOW! Really? A 4 star rating on Yelp? That's a load of crap and I'm sorry I didn't read Jeff F.'s review before we plunked down down about $30 for the crappiest Mexican food I've had in a long time. We were in town from San Diego for a wedding and looked up our taco shop possibilities on Yelp and found this. Sadly, I didn't take my own advice and see further than just the 4 stars...the topper is that the customer service is as it is many times in a Mexican restaurant, shitty. The counter girl acted like we were doing her a favor and even when my mom and I spoke to her in Spanish, she didn't say a word. Perhaps she was having a bad day or didn't give a shit but when she called you to the window to pick up your food, she waved you over quite dismissively and then walked away. WTF? The joint is as small as a cracker box at a Greyhound station and just as clean...yikes! I'm a Mexican and I'm used to some highly seasoned, tasty grub of all kinds here in SD and this place wouldn't last a week in any part of our city, especially in the hood where they serve REAL street tacos. We ordered: 2 plates @ $11.99 each with a variety of 9 street tacos, the only decent ones were the tacos de cabeza and everyone wanted one, so I only scored one. Shit. The rest of them, adobado, al pastor and carne asada tasted like dog food. The adobado meat had a weird, nutmeggy taste...gross. No salt, no life, no zest, and the damn street tortillas were cold. If you sold street tacos like this in TJ, you'd get your ass kicked in a second. 1 Carne Asada burrito: full of beans, rice and tiny, over chopped up chunks of something that must have once been a decent piece of carne asada. Lame ass and looked like dog food. Beans and rice on the side: Out of any can would've been better than this crap. Drinks: My husband wanted a Pepsi was told there was none, only Coke. Yeah you dumb lady, only Coke from the dispenser but there was Pepsi in cans and we were looking right at them. Salsa bar: How is it possible to screw up a salsa bar? What a bummer.Save your money and time and go somewhere else, because even if the food is dull and flavorless like this food, you might get better CS.
2	even though there were a lot of mexican familys dining here  i have a feeling it was because of the portions, the food was ok but not great in my opinion and the staff working in the kitchen and taking orders at the walk up window were not overly gracious to wait wait on me..........a gringo perhaps??????lets not even go there.......
2	I had only been living in Scottsdale for a week or so and I wanted to find a decent Mexican restaurant and Tacos Jalisco looked like a cute little restaurant, and I decided to give it a try. The customer service is horrible; the cashier is less than professional, slow, zoned out, uninterested, and she doesn't even look at you. The salsa bar is a bit of a horror-taste wise and not to mention that the area doesn't look very clean. I give it two stars because I enjoyed their rice and I have to admit that their  breakfast burrito had juicy savory meat.
5	this place is perfect.  some of the best authentic street tacos in the USA.it's basically a stationary food truck / street mexican food stand that happens to be housed in a shitty small permanent structure...and that's exactly how it should be.people complaining on here about customer service and pepsi or coke just don't get it and are better off not eating here.  you don't come here because of pepsi or coke.  you don't come here for stellar customer service.  you come here for some of the best mexican street tacos in the country.  ever wonder why you're the only gringo in this place?
1	I went there last week for the first time. Was pretty excited...my cherry getting popped and all.The menu board was nice and big..easy to read.That is the one star. place was clean and floors were shinny.A friend of mine was eating there when we went in to order, and he said I love this place.I was pretty excited that it would be really good because he is smart.I am quite the food snob..FYIOMG..so we had to tell the gal 3 times ...the order was to go.Our 2 meals were of course cold and I live less than 1/2 a mile away!The sides 2 beans and green goo- were scary and the guacamole goo some green looking  stuff was from a can!!My fish tacos were terrible and the fish was over cooked.I will never go again..so sorry my smart friend.
5	Used to live down the street from this place, man was that dangerous! the ability to get the dankest tacos with a Manzanita or Corona any time was true heaven! The Al Pastor with both the chipotle and tomatillo salsas with the jalapeno/carrot escabeche to crunch into.... oh my.... the salt, the tang, the spice! when i think authentic mexican street tacos, TJ's is the spot! Clutch!
1	PLEASE DO NOT EAT HERE! They are dishonest and will purposely rip you off!! All I wanted was a carne asada burrito. You know, with grilled steak, pico de gillo and guacamole. They charged me 7 dollars for a small burrito (half the size of chipotle) with, I kid you not, greasy low quality meat wrapped in a tortilla. They charged me for guacamole and there was not any. And obviously the pico was M.I.A. I complained several times saying that this was not what I wanted and they refused to make things right and sent me on my way. First of all, 7 dollars for a low grade meat burrito at a greasy Mexican fast food restaurant is unacceptable considering I can get an actual carne asada burrito for almost half the price and twice the side at Fiesta Burrito just down the street. If you're smart and want to get value for your money in this recession...than you better think twice before going here.
1	THIS LOCATION IS CLOSED!!Go to the one on 68th St. & Thomas. Well its actually inbetween Thomas and Osborn on the west side of 68th street. Hidden, yes, but this is the last Tacos Jalisco standing and their food will blow your brain to the wall. Dont judge it by its shitty appearance.
