4	You can always count on a good bargain at Target.. from toilet paper to toothpaste I cant imagine getting this stuff from anywhere else. Plus I have a little secret.. each department has a clearance area.. be sure to seek those out for the best deals. I just got a pair of Mossimo Cargo Shorts for 4 bucks!! I sure love a great bargain!
3	A Target is a Target is a Target, but this is a nice, clean, well laid-out store, and relatively convenient (save for nighttime roadwork in the area). I quickly found what I want, but was amused to find salespeople actually leaving the departments I strolled into. I'd had a long day, but I didn't think I was that repulsive! Fortunately, the cashier at the front made up for her disappearing coworkers.Note: Apparently, because of its proximity to the Indian reservation, this location does not sell alcohol.
4	As I reach that certain point in my life, I don't ask for too many things:* Shoes that fit - my running shoes seem to be pinching my toes after 4-5 miles these days...I don't know why and it makes me a little cranky by mile 6...but not cranky enough to buy new shoes...I'd be crankier if I didn't "get all the good" out of my shoes..."sigh"* Enough sleep - Talk about cranky...they say the average person sleeps about 16 hours a day and that's the exact amount of sleep that I need to make sure I'm fresh, rejuvenated, revitalized and ready for action* A clean, warm, well lit place to...well, get some of the sundries that I need for my life (and have the occasional celebrity sighting)...this Target covers the bases:)The Beautiful Carin and I were out yesterday running some errands, doing a little business, having a little lunch, doing a couple of good deeds, helping out a good cause...you would not believe the number of restaurants we visited yesterday...5...5...Yup...5!In between gorging on chili omelets, lettuce wraps, Thai food, martini's, shrimp, martini's, etc. (OK, maybe that was just me...Carin shows remarkable restraint:), we needed to pick up a few things for the house and Carin suggested Target, so we made the circle around to whatever they call that shopping thingy at Indian Bend and the 101 (these shopping dealies all have names, I know, but really, except for the developers and owners, who remembers what those names are?...not me:-)As we walked in, the first thing I said was "How you doin', Kurt?" to Kurt Warner who was grabbing the bright red shopping cart next to the one I was grabbing...he had about 6 kids hanging off of him and was still nice enough to say "How you doin'?" back...not "How you doin', Donald"...but nevertheless:)We headed off to find some Easter crap (decorations, plastic eggs, chocolate and what not) and a couple of other household items I was told we need...I don't know...all I know is that we didn't get me new running shoes, so my toes still pinched during my run this morning:(Carin treats Target like the bazaar at a desert oasis...she has the soul of a Jordanian rug merchant...we got to the checkout counter and she started haggling with the nice lady at the checkout counter..."did you see that this is a little frayed?"..."can you see that box has a little dent in it?"...how much can I get off the price because the merchandise is "damaged"?20%...that's how much!I was astonished when the nice lady at the cash register called a manager over after Carin started her spiel...I thought "well, I've been thrown out of nicer places than this"...but no, the manager examined the items and gave Carin a big smile and said "20% off":-)I always just shut up and pay what the sticker says...but no more...I'm letting Carin do the negotiating for me on everything from here on out!At least she can do the bargaining for us at this 4 star Target (4 solid red Yelp stars for the clean, well stocked, user friendly, celebrity packed store).I bet Kurt just paid what the sticker said on his stuff when he left...although I imagine he can afford it:)
4	So as I'm walking the aisles of Walmart, I'm contemplating what has become of my life.  I should have been sipping a cocktail at a fabulous Sunday brunch.  Perhaps I should have been in a little mountain cabin somewhere escaping the heat.  But no, here I am at Walmart, wearing a free t-shirt lamenting about how fat I've become, while looking for TV dinner trays.  Did you get that?  TV DINNER TRAYS.  Because my husband does not want to sit at the table situated 3 feet from the sofa, and he's tired of my eagle eye waiting for him to spill something.Deciding that I deserve better, we left Walmart and headed for Target.  This Target is generally clean and not too busy.  Pretty much my only requirements for a Target.  We found the trays, perhaps I should call them modular furniture, and wouldn't you know it..all of them were scuffed.  And my husband points out the ones at Walmart match our living room better.  Uh, we are NOT going to be leaving them out I remind him (now anticipating the arguments to come).  So I took them to customer service to see if they had any unscuffed ones in the back, they didn't.  Remembering that Donald S' beautiful Carin got a discount, I asked for one, too, and was quickly offered 10%.  I took it remembering full well that the beautiful Carin was given 20%..nothing like a little salt on the wound.Moral of the story.  This target is clean with pleasant, accommodating employees for the most part, and easy to maneuver since it is not the circus of a Walmart.  And they offer discounts...based on appearances.
3	Just your average target.....but I think it will do great business now...because it is near the new Salt River Fields spring training facility for the Diamondbacks and Rockies. They  charge 5 bucks for parking and only take cash ( the park that is not target...LOL)....so I stopped in this target got some goodies for the game and got my cash so I could park. The staff is friendly enough....but again location....location....location will be big for this target especially during the month of march for spring training. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!
2	Disaster. Absolute disaster! I mean it looks like a tornado barreled through the place! They are making room for fresh groceries (which most Targets seem to be doing currently), but the execution at this particular Target was no bueno. Shelves are bare, aisles are too close together, they're out of many MANY things and clothing in the men's area (where I needed to find black socks) was strewn about everywhere. I'd give this place some time to finish up the expansion and then return. Know Before You Go: May be challenging to find things, give yourself extra time.
3	My least favorite Target.  It seems kind of dirty and the customer service is not that great.  I only stop here if I am driving by and needed something from here.  At least I know I won't be going over $100 since I don't wonder around the isles in this one.
3	Target is Target and this Target is about as sub par as the rest, but let's be honest. We all go to Target and rely on it for the discounted prices and essentials we need. However, this Target stands out for me because of the grocery section of the store and most importantly the produce and meat. I was pleasantly surprised with the meat selection here and not just regular cuts of meat, but pre-prepared selections with garnishes, cheeses etc. They even had bacon wrapped steak! I think I might start frequenting Target for not just my household needs and bath products, but for my groceries and meals instead! Maybe not all the time, but it's definitely worth keeping on the list for food.
4	I like that this target is never busy whenever I go.  It is well lit, very clean and has helpful employees that are actually visible in the departments unlike Walmart.  Having said this, I don't go to Target often because their prices are usually higher than Walmart.  However in recent years, they have been lowering their prices.Their selection of bodycare products is a standout.  I even found the recycled exfoliating gloves that completes my showering experience.  And also the borax I use for laundry and cleaning that I just couldn't seem to find anywhere.  Check out the cute accessories on clearance.
4	Even though this location is not the best I still love Target. If you really want a good target experience drive a little more south and hit up the Tempe Marketplace location or go a little more north and go to the Raintree location.
4	This is definitely my second home! Always a great shopping experience. The layouts pretty much the same as any other, however they have a solid selection of produce here, so you can get all of your shopping done in one run.
5	Who doesn't love Target?
4	For the most part a standard Target.  The Pharmacy Staff is great.  The staff has been generally nice and helpful.
5	Great location!  Friendly staff!
4	could be cleaner for the location since it is next to a nicer mall. werent a lot of employees walking around when i needed help. food court area could be nicer and have something like a starbucks in it.
4	This is one of two-three Targets I like to haunt from time to time. The staff is ALWAYS friendly and/or helpful (it's always nice to have both, but being one or the other is just fine by me). On each occasion I've been there, it hasn't been very busy, I get rockstar parking, and I can't remember the last time I walked out of a Target without buying something. Today I purchased a "GoPicnic" brand lunch. It was delicious. And gluten free (GF). Which isn't a deal-breaker for me, but I know there is an entire GF movement going on all around me and I just thought I'd contribute to the cause by doing a shout-out. Anywho...I also picked up some casual jeans because it's exhausting to wear formal, semi-formal, business casual or workout clothes everywhere. (People are starting to complain about my evening gown w/ Converse low-tops combinations. It's just a cheap-chick effort to make work clothes less...worky...and I apparently wasn't fooling anyone *sigh*) The store is laid out like any pretty much any other Target you've been to, they have a really decent grocery section, so it's one-stop shopping convenience for the other people out there who, like me, are Walmart-phobic.
4	I love this Target. Good thing to keep in mind though is that it is the Target closest to ASU, so pick and choose your battles when you're coming to this loc! However, always friendly staff and it's nice and big. I've never been let down here.
4	While shopping at a membership club store, I took a look at sunglasses because I had recently misplaced mine. I figured I could get some for pretty cheap. The lowest priced one's I could find were sixty something dollars... Pssh. No thanks. It was time to scram Sam. On my way home I was passing this Target. I figured I'd stop here to check their sunglass stock because I was sick of playing "who's gonna blink first" with the Phoenix sun (I was losing). They had a decent selection if you're not looking to impress P Diddy. They were inexpensive too which is important for me because I drop, scratch and misplace sunglasses like a toddler. How many toddlers actually have sunglasses? I don't know... but that's the best example I've got for you right now. Anyway, I ended up with a new pair of sporty, Ironman sunglasses for just twenty bucks. And before you ask! They're the triathlon Ironman sunglasses. Not the shooting blasty things out of his hands Ironman. Although, that would be pretty sweet if I could find those in an adult size.So... this review is for you Target. You're great and always there when I need you. And most of all... you're not Walmart.
4	A Target like any other Target. Except in the Winter you have the opportunity to see a mighty flock of Geese fly right overhead quacking in their V formation. I thought it was pretty incredible, but I might just be overly fascinated by animals. I doubt anyone else even noticed.The check-out people were surprisenly friendly too.
5	This Target is always clean, well stocked and rarely busy. Typically there are 2-3 cashiers during slow times and 4-5 during busy.There is a Starbucks and Target cafe, I appreciate the option for refreshments.
5	This is my main Target but I like to go to other ones as well. There's always a clearance section with some good finds. Parking is rarely a problem and this location is not as busy as other ones. But when the Snowbirds come back you can tell.  It's always clean and organized and the bathrooms are not horrible as they tend to get. The workers are always helpful and friendly and seem like they actually like working there unlike other stores.
4	This is a wonderful Target. They are so helpful and friendly. They act as if they enjoy thrir jobs. I especially appreciate Jeff st the starbucks counter for his extreme courtesy to me! Recently a lady at checkout gave me a tip about a great makeup product. OMG. Th!ank you Target
4	This is a very nice Target: large, clean, well-stocked, and pleasantly staffed.  They have all of the usual sales and take returns happily (like my used-once misbehaving hand mixer).  The food section is a bit of a mini grocery store.  They do have a decent selection of frozen foods (especially if you like vegetarian, like Morning Star), which tends to have pretty good sales.  The clothing looks nice and tends to be pretty inexpensive.  I've bought a ton of stuff here over the years, including their own brands (like Mossimo) and others that they carry (like Champion).  Many of my favorite clothing items and shoes have been from here, but beware - most of it won't last very long.  The same goes for the furniture, bedding and bath towels/rugs - it'll look nice, and feel comfy but it's not built for the long haul (which is perfect for all kinds of uses).
5	So others would probably call me a Target addict and if that is the case, this location enables me.  First, I live less than five minutes away so the location is very convenient.Second, the SAVING. Yes I capitalized saving, but you can clean up here if you have coupons, price match, items are on sale, use the Cartwheel or ALL of the above. For example: $18.99 for newest X-Men movie on blu-ray, price match with Amazon to $9.99 then 10% off that for movies & music that week with the Cartwheel app = $8.98. Awesome.  Or use manufacturers coupons (print from web or newspaper), sale cartwheel & $5 gift card with purchase to stock up.  A year's worth of body wash and deodorant for 1/3 of the price. Sometimes they even have Cartwheel discounts up to 50% off, just by showing your phone.This location also has great service. The cashiers are always friendly even though I have never seen them before and they are probably just seasonal. The first two lanes are the customer service lanes too and every once and a while when I do price match or return something they are always very nice.Finally, the store itself is clean and organized. No overflowing trash or other unsightly stuff here. There are plenty of price check scanners too.If this location was a SuperTarget it would be perfect, until then this is a awesome location with groceries.
