4	This is by far my favorite drug store. I can walk in early morning or on my way home from work and usually have no waiting time. I can drop off my prescriptions and in 15 minutes they have them ready. I think there are two Pharmacist at this location and the hours are limited, the store is not 24 hours, but I can reliy on them. They also have an automatic refill program, that will call you a few days before you're about to run out. This allows you a reminder and you can stop in when it's convent for you, it will be ready.
1	This is by far the worst pharmacy ever here and I'm not sure why I keep going back, I need to stop but I guess I keep thinking it will get easier, they will know who I am, I don't want to have to deal with moving everything.1. They screwed up the dosage of my 8 month old medicine and then made it difficult to get it fixed.2. They argued with me that my other daughter didn't have insurance even though she was convered under the same as the rest of the family but the lady kept ringing it in wrong and then finally told me it was my benefits fault, and then I get another call back after I had already called my benefits to complain saying oops we shouldn't have yelled at you we rang it in wrong.3.  My husband had a heart attack and we were on our way home from the hospital after he had to have four stents put in his heart and dropped off the prescriptions and then they call him and say they can't give him the meds because they don't have authorization and he needs to call and sit and get it.  I got on the phone because my husband was in no condition to talk and said "you have got to be kidding me, you want the heart attack patient that just got out of ICU to sit on the phone and wait hoping a doctor can help with an authorization he doesn't understand."  They said then they would try.  Then when I went after an hour to pick up the meds, they only had three of the four for him and said we had to come back.  Then called us to tell us 15 mins later to come back.  Not good service. Overall I am not sure yet where I am going to transfer all our prescriptions too but have to find somewhere because my husband is on four monthly, my baby on 2 monthly and my toddler occasionally and me as well monthly.  Overall that is a lifetime of a lot of money for having to argue what seems to be monthly.Ugh
1	Well fifth times the charm! It has taken five major mess-ups to finally convince me to move to Walgreens. This pharmacy has 1) filled the wrong dosage on a prescription and then would not let me return it for a refund. They told me to take two capsules instead of one. They also would not credit back the other 50 percent of the amount I should have received. 2) Suddenly stopped holding prescriptions written for 2 months, then told me that the prescription had expired. Great news on a Friday afternoon, when the doctor's office is closed and leaving town for a vacation on Saturday. They are consistently late in filling prescriptions. The customer  service is awful. Edu (?) and Zihuak (?) have horrible communication skills. They constantly pass mistakes off to their manager. Said manager is never there. Very scary going to a place that has no clue. There is a drive thru Walgreens a mere 5 minutes away. Please don't waste your time, money or health issues with this CVS location. It is not worth it.
4	Always fast and courteous.
2	So, the chirpy little pharmacist, who informed me A) she had a headache, and B) SHE wouldn't be filling this SHE had a headache and was getting off, so it eod be more than an hour, didn't type the scripts in. An hour later I ask how they are coming...,she's gone and I get crickets from the rest of the staff. They say I can home back tomorrow, I tell them I am driving to AZ. They say at least an hour. When Jaye ran this place this this never happened but the last year it's a too common. Luckily I can shop elsewhere after this. I hope you can too, otherwise you have my condolences. Other than that, clean, polite, just avoid the cranky midget with a headache.
3	Sloooowest cvs ever! I always have to wait for a script even when I come after the time they say it will be ready! I don't get it, there is never anyone here and it still takes forever!
1	Horrible customer service!! called multiple times for a perception to be filled and was told it had been processed; but it had never been. Do yourself a favor and go to costco!
