4	Quick Work, local business, Mike the owner was honest and to the point and replaced our blower motor for AC lickety split for this upcoming HOT weekend-got us our vehicle back the same afternoon.
5	I have been going there for years. If you need anything they will do it for you. I had them rewire my 72 mustang from head light to tail light and they did a great job. They are not quick but they are always extremely busy.
5	Cars. Haven't owned many of them. I've ridden subway cars for most of my life. When a car did need some work there was always a man around (Dad! My brother!) to handle the fixin'.Yes. That's the sexist truth. So after hearing a number that made me gasp from a Ford dealer I turned to a dude. He recommended Spitfire Automotive. Actually, who he recommended was "Mike Carlton on Indian and near you."Can I tell you next to useless this bit of information is on Google? (Still shaking my head on that one.) Anyhoo, I finally found the owner. With such a glowing referral (the dude had used him to fix his off road racing bikes many, many times) I figured, "Eh. Ok. Besides, what do I know?" And it was conveniently close.After speaking to Mike to confirm his hours of operation I dropped my car off. His team was able to look at my car the next day of operation. They confirmed the diagnosis the dealer made lickity split. I was shocked, there's no way to emphasize the level here, but SHOCKED when Mike called with his estimate. The difference was substantially less *and* my car was going to be ready the very next day.Let me say that last part again:My car was going to be ready THE NEXT DAY.I don't know the location of the magical unicorn tree where Mike grows Ford dealer parts. But my car, Bear, is so very happy. No need for a rental car, so I was happy too! Spitfire Automotive is family owned and operated. It was opened in 1958 by Mike's grandfather when Indian School was a two-way dirt road. Currently the shop handles automobiles and motorbikes. There are plans to move motorbike repair to a northern Scottsdale location (74th St & Butherus Dr.) where it will be called "Dirt Riders West". Motorbikes can be purchased at Spitfire Automotive. While there I got my first up close and personal look at something called an off-road Beta Motorcycle 300.The next part will make men groan. (Ok. Maybe some women too!) I'm looking at the bike and I think. "Hmm. It's ...red." I don't know! These are things that go thru my head. That, and, you better gosh darn write a review for this place. It's girl friendly. Manly place, but girl friendly. Oh! And efficiently fast!
