4	Gluten free crusts -enough said! I liked my garlic topping and the wings with medium sauce were great. Carried out, but you can eat in-casual dining-strip mall. Cost was a little on the higher side for pizza.
2	We have eaten here on a couple of occasions since they opened. The pizza is ok, nothing great. I  have to say that we placed and order this evening, we were told it would be 15-20 minutes. I walked in 25 minutes later and had to wait for the pizza. There were only 2 tables and they were eating when I arrived, so it really did not make sense. In 5 minutes or so, my order was ready. We ordered one small cheese pizza, and a white pizza, which they classify as a specialty pizza which is news to us. My wife ordered a salad too. When we called it in they said it would be $32. We really thought either we misunderstood, or it was a mistake on their part, Well it was correct, $32 for a small cheese pizza ($10) which had a burnt bottom crust, small white pizza (14.99) and a small Caesar salad (5.49) with Ken's packaged Caesar dressing.  As I said, the food is ok, the price is outrageous, and it is convenient but with all the pizza places in the Indian Trail I think they need to rethink their pricing, or I am afraid they will not survive. We could of gone to many area restaurants and eaten much better for less money. I do not see us ordering another pizza from this place again,
2	The pizza was good, but very expensive. It also took quite some time for the pizza to come out.I enjoyed my visit but may not order a whole pizza again until the price comes down. Note: you can order by the slice, which with a drink would cost a little under $5
2	Sad that the quality here is dropped so much since they opened a few months back.  The pizza used to be very good.  Now it tastes like under cooked frozen pizza.  It seems that they are using cheaper ingredients and it is impacting the quality.
5	We visited for the first time this past Friday evening.  We ordered a buffalo style pepperoni pizza, medium wings (homemade blue cheese dressing) chicken parm, and fettuccine.  It was ALL great!  My husband wanted to go back on Sunday, but I wouldn't let him!  An asset to the Indian Trail area, and I don't think it will be too long before you can't get a table!
2	Hubby and I decided to try this place for the first time tonight. I have to say that the toppings and flavor were fine but the crust was the soggiest dough we have ever had anywhere!  We only live five minutes from here and even tried to re-heat in the oven on a stone but it was still mushy and soggy. Why?  You guys need to work on this as we have driven home with pizzas before and never had this issue. I guess one has to sit down at the restaurant and not take out. Totally disappointing.
4	I have been here about 15 times already.  I grew up in Buffalo and this is just like home.  I eat here at least once a week and love everything.  The chicken fingers, BBQ on the pit are out of this world.  The pizza is awesome with the great pepperoni.  The pizza needs to be cooked a little more at times so I ask for it crispier.  I love the food so much but my only two complaints are the inconsistency from visit to visit.  When the owners cook, it's always great but sometimes they are gone and results aren't the same.  The prices are a little high for the area but its worth it to me.  The chicken finger sub is to die for as well as the wings.  Give it a try!!!!!
5	My husband and I eat here every time we want pizza and wings. It's about a 20 minute drive for us but sooooo worth it. Bleu cheese and ranch dressing are to die for! Wings are always crispy and love the lil pepperoni!
4	Stopped in for lunch today with some friends.  It's a little bit out of the way, but I think it's worth the trip if you're in the neighborhood.There are two doors and two counters in the restaurant.  Enter on your left for dine-in, place your order, and your food will be brought out to you.  Enter on your right for carry-out.I decided to order the meatball sub and a side of fries.  The sub was excellent!  The bread was soft and the meatballs, which are made in-house were terrific.  The fries were average.  I asked them if they could do some garlic fries and they used garlic salt to season them for me.The staff was very friendly and I observed them assisting carry-out customers by actually carrying orders out to their cars.If this place was closer, I'd frequent it weekly.  When I'm in the neighborhood, I will definitely stop back!
5	Just moved here from NY. Had pizza yesterday it was terrific reminded me of the pizzas in the Bronx. Had the calzone and a veal parm hero tonight, only thing I can say is this is my pizza place from now on !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	A Groupon steered me in the direction of this place.  I lived in Buffalo for 10 years and will always try a place that claims to serve Buffalo style pizza at least once.  If you're wondering what makes a Buffalo pizza, the first thing is that the dough is thicker than NYC style but nowhere near as thick as deep dish or Sicilian.The dough is also chewy - never crispy.  The second thing is that the sauce is spicy but has a sweetness to it (many places in Buffalo add sugar to the sauce).  The third thing is that the cheese is generous.  The fourth thing is that the pepperoni curls up and pools of grease form in it.  The final thing is that it is never made in a conveyor oven and never wood fired.  It is always made in a stone deck oven.  Bisonte hits all of these points except that the sauce could be a little sweeter.I also ordered a 6 inch chicken finger sub.  There are standards for this too.  The rolls have to be good and they good theirs from Constanzo's in Buffalo.  It tasted fresh.  The chicken fingers must always be fresh breaded and they tasted that way to me.  They use Frank's hot sauce which is a no brainer.  The cheese was fresh although there was a little lint on one of the slice, possibly from an apron - not a huge deal.  They also slathered it with blue cheese.  All of these elements (except the lint of course) made it the best chicken finger sub I've had in the Charlotte area.My wife got the eggplant parmesan entree and the eggplant was good bought the sauce was bland.  The garlic twist that came with it was good.  It was a generous portion.They also serve Aunt Rosie's Loganberry in cans so that was cool.  If ytou like Labatt Blue (which I once did but it's a terrible beer) they also serve that but it's common in the area now.  I would rather see something truer to Western New York like Southern Tier.Our service was a little slow as 5 firefighter ordered before us and their orders took a while.  Thankfully I know fresh food usually takes longer.  Bisonte pizza is a bit of a drive from me, but I will definitely return to it, especially if I am in the area.
4	Bisonte is by far my favorite place for pizza.  The pizza tastes great every time and the staff is wonderful.  We tried the calzones this Friday and have to say was not impressed. Too much of the crust was used to close the calzone and too little filling.  The filling (chicken, mushroom, & onion) while barely there was quiet flavorful.  Think we will stick to the pizza with specialty crust.
5	Got to say this place is the best. I am from Buffalo and eating here makes me feel like home. If you are in the mood for pizza buffalo style this is your place. Chicken wings best in the area better than Anchor Bar. The subs are amazing chicken Philly, steak bomber and cheeseburger sub you cannot go wrong w Costanzo roll wow. In the mood for Italian food try the chicken Parm wow. There isn't 1 bad thing on the menu. Everything is made from scratch and fresh. This place is the best hope it grows into more in the Charlotte. Best part beside the food is the staff owners Jimmy and Steve make you feel like you are eating at home. If you like good good trust me eat here.
5	If you want/like buffalo style pizza and wings this is by far the best I have found in the greater Charlotte area. I worked in a pizza/wings joint when I lived in Orchard Park (suburb of Buffalo) and this place brings back memories of good pizza, great wings and delicious blue cheese dressing. People complain about the price in these reviews... I can feed my family with leftovers for the next day's lunch for less than $40. In my estimation it is priced right for the quality.
5	The staff is very friendly and attentive. The pizza tasted like it was from Buffalo. It is worth the drive. Definitely recommend!
5	AWESUMM!! We kno pizza & wings, we're in town from Buffalo for Bills to paddle the Panthers. We drove 1/2 hr from Charlotte (Elizabeth), & it was worth it! Service and staff were very friendly. If U want cheap tasting Pizza- go elsewhere, they clearly use fresh good quality ingredients- @ reasonable prices. Truly a quality Pizzeria/Rest, & we'll be back!
3	Couldn't make split pizza, prices way too high.  The highest I ever seen on a pizza. $26 for a large is ridiculous.  Athens pizza down the road was a lot better and cheaper and tasted better.
5	By far the best pizza I've ever ate. Me and my husband order weekly! Service is great and they always deliver fast!
5	Got there at 8:55 and they let me in and sit and eat.... That along with them wings made my night.... GREAT place
5	I have been in Charlotte 10 years and many "Buffalo" restaurants have come and go. This one will and should stay.We had a large pepperoni pizza, half a bucket of wings and drinks. Hands down best pizza in charlotte. You have never heard me say that before. Wings were Buffalo authentic and on target. I can tell they use the right I shredders and NO ONE in the staff referred to them as "buffalo wings" ... fail!Price was good for food and atmosphere was good. Customer service was good. I highly recommend this place. Great pizza and wings!
