5	I tried this place after having heard many good things about it and it did not disappoint.  I scheduled a chair massage but was pleasantly surprised to learn that they had a promotion on so it was upgraded to a back massage for the same price.  The room was very nice and clean and the massage was a great experience.  This place is conveniently located in Place Montreal Trust so if you work downtown you should consider swinging by on your lunch break to pamper yourself.  They offer a wide variety of services and their prices are what you'd expect for downtown.  I'm already thinking about what I'm going to try next!
1	If I could  give 0 stars I would!!!I went to this salon after looking online for a good salon for gel nails. At the time of my visit my set of nails had grown out quite a bit and I wanted to replace them rather than fill them in. When I called the salon the receptionist was amazing! She spoke perfect English which meant that she would understand exactly what I wanted.This is what I wanted:- remove old set of gel nails and get a new set- I wanted them really pointy (Lana del Rey style)The receptionist told me "no problem"I arrived and based on the decor and welcome reception I couldn't wait to get my new nails. I was offered a drink, which I declined because I had already grabbed my Starbucks from across the street. I sat at the manicure table and was given a wireless set of headphones. I thought to myself "sweet!"... Little did I know that this is where things were gonna start going downhill.My manicurist came and she started to remove my nails... MANUALLY! If you've ever gotten gel nails applied or removed, you know that a mechanical nail file is absolutely MANDATORY. The removal alone took up to an hour! Luckily I had no other plans for the day so I tried to just relax... Yeah right! On several occasions I tried to cross my legs or shift my body and almost tipped over! Their chairs, which are hard and very uncomfortable, only have 3 legs (2 in front one in the back). Are you kidding me??? Which genius thought of this!?My manicurist told me that it would be better not to move. lol... ok, so i stayed as still as I could. After she removed my nails she told me that another girl would come to apply my nails. No problem; so i waited... for 15 minutes!!!She finally arrived. I showed her a picture of the nails I wanted (pointy) and she told me "no, I don't think they're good"... i was left with my mouth open... I finally asked her if she had done pointy nails before and she told me "only once" before.I very politely told her that if she couldn't do my nails, I didn't want her to waste hers and my time while practising on me. She got up without saying a word (but saying something something in Russian/Serbian under her breath) and when she went to the front counter where the manager was standing, I could hear her telling him that I scared her and she didn't want to do my nails!!!At this point i was furious. I had spent 1hr and 30 mins in a salon that couldn't do my nails and I was being blamed for it. I got up paid for the removal and left.DO NOT GO HERE! Don't be fooled by the decor and shiny interior. There is no talent here.
4	Decent polish change - though took a bit longer than they said...would go back if I was in the area. Would have given  3.5 star if I could.
5	Excellent Massage to a reasonable Price! Very much enjoyed it ! I had no appointment and just Walked in , but it was no Problem!
5	I was invited to try NStyle this week and I had a wonderful experience. I had never heard of the Salon before (it's on the second level from Montreal Trust) so I wasn't sure what to expect, and I ended up enjoying it very much.The set up is cute, and very white :)It's a nice salon with TVs and a few stations for manis, pedis, etc. There are also private rooms for massages and esthetics which are nice and very cozy.  Staff was awesome. Everyone was very friendly and professional. I tried the shellac manicure for the first time and I love the end result. I don't get my nails done too often because I truly rock at chipping my nail polish all the time, but this technique is supposed to stay nice longer. I'm excited to see if the shellac is the answer :)I was offered headphones to listen to a movie on the wide screen TV while getting my nails done, which I found was a great idea. I was also offered a complimentary chair massage while getting my nails done. I was told this is sometimes offered to first time client when the masseuse is available. How cool is that?Finally, I also got my eyebrows done by Tanya. She was great! They use a thread technique which I wasn't familiar with. It hurts a little, just like tweezers, but it's so much faster. I really preferred that method as I usually hate doing my eyebrows !I am not an expert on shellac but I would say the $40 price for a mani seems more than reasonable. The eyebrow shaping costs $20 which is totally worth it. I really enjoyed that Salon - a great place to end a big week or an intensive shopping spree. I'll definitely go back !
5	I discovered NStyle through an Elite event where I received a manicure. I enjoyed it so much, I had a pedicure done after the event with the same lady who did my nails. Great place! The staff is super friendly, the prices are reasonable, and the work is very good. HUGE selection of nail colors! They also have Shellac. It is a very thorough manicure. I think it lasted a good 30 to 40 minutes. They remove your cuticles (some places just push them down without actually trimming the access), which I appreciated greatly. I mini hand massage was included too. All the stations were super clean. No issues there. I noticed how quiet and private the location was at the time I was there. They are on the 3rd floor (if I remember correctly) of the Place Montreal Trust building which is very nice, and it was pretty easy to find as well. You can make appointments on their website and there is a Loyalty Rewards Program... every time you shop at NStyle, you will earn reward points equivalent to 10% of your total bill before tax. How to use the points? Reward points can be used to pay for any NStyle treatment and/or retail products. Once you have accumulated enough points (minimum 1,000), you can redeem your earned points for a discount or pay for a treatment by presenting your NStyle Reward Program card to the front desk.Return worthy for sure! Thanks for reading.
1	spent 100 dollars here, Not worth the money at all, I will never come again. Much more expensive than other nail salon but much more worse in term of their skill
5	I discovered NStyle way back in April 2013. My decision to try it was based on an article published in the Metro journal which highlighted the cleanliness of the salon and services. I've always been a bit reluctant about mani/pedis due to questionable hygiene practices in many salons.I remember the first time I went very clearly. I wasn't expecting much and both my friend and I are we're blown away! The place was pristine, the staff was very nice and polite. The appointment before us came in late so we had to wait a bit but that wasn't a pro le since they offered us a nice shoulder massage and headsets to watch the television. Since that day I've been going regularly and I trust NStyle with my regular beauty regimens i.e. nails, waxing, and threading. I've also tried their back massage which was amazing. Unfortunately for me, my group insurance doesn't cover massages. :(.   Here are my personal highlights of this salon , the reasons why I keep coming back:Cleanliness: every tool is sterilized, the floor is spotlessStaff: polite, friendly, and on timeColours: so many to choose from, don't be afraid of their home-brand it is a nice long lasting formula. They also have Shellac and a few OPI coloursService: they go the extra mile! I have terrible feet(dried and cracked, not a pretty vision) and they always buff them to remove the most that is possible unlike other salons that seem to do what I've been doing for the past few years which is give up after a few strokes. Price: Some people mentioned it was pricey but for what you're getting and the location I find the price point to be right on par. Expect to pay $25 for a mani.Extra little perks: headsets to watch one of the movies playing(they might even let you choose from their library from time to time), the point system which rewards customer loyalty by giving you credits towards your next purchaseOverall this place simply is the best according to me. They value their customer which shows throughout the salon and the efforts they make to keep you satisfied.
5	Now I'm not  nail, mani/pedi kinda girl but I have to admit this place is crystal clean looking, hygienic, professional, and provides excellent service. I really recommend coming here if you ever feel like pampering yourself, a friend, or anyone else. The pricing I find is moderate and I think when it comes to nail salons, it's okay to spend a little more (for safety reasons and cleanliness) It was my first time going to a nail salon in Montreal, and it was a great experience!First of all I actually broke a nail polish container (yup, I'm just that clumsy..) and they were very understanding and refused to get compensation for it. I wonder if that's policy but I still felt terrible about it and wanted to pay for it either way. Two, the technicians/estheticians were very professional, warm and friendly. My friend got a mani/pedi and her esthetician was very kind. I also noticed that the equipment was all organized, clean and had been approved for safe use. This place offers facials as well and other services, so if you don't want to get any nails done, there is that option too! Definitely a must visit if you're in the mall of Place Montreal Trust. It's right next to Indigo!
4	I've been getting my eyebrows threaded at NStyle for about a year or so. I highly recommend getting your eyebrows done by Tania - she might be the best in the city at what she does! She might give you a hard time about how you've been maintaining your eyebrows but she knows exactly what she's doing, so just trust her. My eyebrows look fantastic after every visit, and it makes my whole face look better. Prices are a little high, especially considering that ideally you should go for cleanups in between shaping appointments, but the loyalty/points program helps with that a little bit.The only other service I've tried at NStyle was a pedicure, and it was pretty good too. NStyle's house brand of nail polish comes in a wide variety of colours and the formula is good, on par with OPI or Essie. The salon is very clean (you see employees washing out sinks after they're used, and taking out new, clean files and cuticle clippers for every customer) and my nail tech did a really good job, so I'd definitely recommend NStyle over the other, cheaper nail salons you might find downtown or in the shopping centres and underground. It takes a little bit longer, but that's in part because they're not so busy that they rush customers through a mani or pedi as quickly as humanly possible. They actually take the time to do a good job, which in my mind is better than the cheaper places.Overall, the staff is polite, not always super outgoing but never rude and always genuine, and the place is clean. They accept walk-ins, but I recommend calling ahead for an appointment if you can, especially for an eyebrow threading.
5	WONDERFUL !!! , I went to nstyle with my mum to  do our nails ,my mum feel it is expensive but it worth it , i had amazing  nail art  or design by jasmine she is nice friendly girl , i like it i almost looking to my nails all the day :),,,very clean , nice staff, wide range of colors looool u will get confused what to go with ,  yes it is expensive but the hygine worth it, ohh forgot ,they offered wireless headphones to watch tv, sure coming back to have fun and new wonderful nails  !!
4	I've been to NStyle twice for my eyebrows - the first time was a shaping and tint, the second was a follow-up reshaping. I had read great reviews about Tanya online but I saw Nahida both times I visited and can vouch for her work.I've always longed for dark, well-defined brows; mine are super-light and very sparse. Nahida did a great job shaping them and giving them an actual arch, and while I was initially a little hesitant that the tinting would looking unnatural, I was so pleased with the results - you could actually see my eyebrows when she was finished! Like another reviewer mentioned, prices are a little high, but I'd rather pay more for a quality service; I've gotten my eyebrows done at several different locations, including the Benefit Brow Bar at Murale in Place Ville Marie, and the former Lise Watier on Laurier, and none of them ever got it right. I'm giving a 4-star rating solely because I haven't yet had the pleasure of trying their other services, but if you're looking for great eyebrow care, I recommend highly. (I also recommended to one of my work colleagues, and she was just as pleased by her experience.)
3	Service was friendly the woman who did my Gel mani and pedi was super sweet.  The down fall was that the gel manicure chipped the very next day.  I also received a 30 minute massage that was meh at best. She was also friendly but only used one hand and was constantly checking her phone.
2	The pros: the salon is very nice and clean and all the tools they used were wrapped and new. The staff were very polite and the technician I got was this wonderful black woman originally from Ottawa who was very personable and professional. The cons: They don't have those awesome massage chairs that help you relax and extend your legs but instead this white leather chair that swerves side to side and a small cart with wheels that was definitely to high for short people like myself. It also doesn't adjust in height and I was asked to prop my foot flat so the technician could paint my toes. I was pretty much in squatting position the entire time she painted my nails. I got Shellac and when she needed to dry my nails she'd place it between my feet which would make for a more uncomfortable experience.  So much for relaxing.There was no real massage or soaking involved and although my nails looked great afterwards my thighs and calves hurt from positioning so awkwardly the entire time. The whole experience cost 50 dollars plus tax and tip and for what you get it was not worth it. I would maybe get a mani there but never a pedicure.
5	Ah.. I totally thought I'd written a review for this awesome little place but I guess I was mistaken! I was introduced to this nail bar by a fun Elite Yelp event a few months ago and have been coming back ever since! I absolutely love the white furniture theme and the fact that everything looks absolutely immaculate every single time I've popped in!  Everyone is super friendly and helpful. Nahida is awesome at eyebrow threading and has been working with me on reshaping mine for a few months now. She's always very easy and pleasant to talk to which makes the experience something to look forward to.Today I had the chance to work with (and I apologize if I butcher the spelling) Elena for my Shellac nails. By far the best nail treatment I've ever had. I'm hooked and will never go elsewhere! Also, large plus that they have wireless headphones you can use to watch tv and kill time while you get your nails done.Although slightly pricey compared to other places nearby, the service is much better and so 5 stars awarded!
5	This is my little secret heaven in downtown Montreal. I discovered NStyle back in Jun while on my way to Indigo bookstore. It is kinda hidden location on the upper level of Place Montreal Trust. It looks so impressive that I could not resist booking myself for a manicure and pedicure and try it outI agree with all other reviews about hygiene and service quality, etc. I became a regular there after my first visit for a shellac manicure went really well. I tried different services with different staff and not once I was disappointed. It is my place now for nails and waxing. I do not mind paying a little more for the hygiene and the better service than any other nail salon I've been to in Montreal especially for waxing and Brazilian which I recommend Nahida for. She is so pleasant and polite. I always request her for my waxing and threading appointment.
3	Okay, I really tried to love this place. It's clean, professional, and did a much better job than most other places I've been to. But in my opinion, it's way too expensive for what it is.I decided to come to NStyle after reading the great reviews, and booked an appointment for a Shellac manicure. When the day came, I arrived about 5 minutes early, picked a colour, and off we went. The woman who did my nails wasn't very talkative, but she seemed nice enough. Plus, she did an awesome job shaping my nails. Most places just kind of file down, but she took her time to actually file my nails into a shape, and they came out gorgeous. A+ on that. The rest of the manicure, though, was your average, run-of-the-mill process. But in general, I don't have any complaints regarding how my nails came out. It's been about  1-2 weeks and my nails are still as shiny as when I walked out of the salon. For some reason, whenever I get Shellac nails, they go form 'wow!' to 'meh' pretty quickly. This hasn't happened.My main gripes are with the service. First of all, the woman who did my manicure took a few chunks of skin out when she was fixing up my cuticles. I'm honestly used to this happening, so it didn't matter much to me at the time. But after about a week, my fingers were still sore and bleeding. It's collateral damage when you're doing a manicure, fine - but to an extent. Second, they didn't do much to make me feel special. Not upset about that in and of itself, but combined with the quality of the manicure (NOT how my nails turned out) and the price, it kind of made an experience that could have been awesome turn out to be just average.Not sure if I'd go back. I would have liked more pizazz for what I paid for, but the place is clean and my nails came out great.
5	I saw Tania for eyebrow threading. She really is the best! The salon is immaculate and the service from everyone is friendly and professional. I will definitely be back.
5	It is a great place to have your eyebrows shaped. Tania is the one to make an appointment with if you've been struggling to have your eyebrows shaped with perfection. She is an artist....she is the best! It might take a while for the hair to grow back (it took me a few months!), so BE PATIENT!!
5	My only regret is that I did not discover this wonderful nail salon sooner.  I went there to have some tips applied and have a french manicure shellac.  My nails look fabulous.  By far, the best manicure I've ever had.  My nails look magasin ready and I kid you not, I can't stop looking at them.  It doesn't bother me to pay a little more in order to have an excellent manicure.  Why pay less and have a so-so manicure !?! Ladies, I strongly urge you to try this place.  And no....I am not paid to say these things. Next time I go there for my nail filling, I will have my eyebrows threaded.  Some reviewers have stated that they do a fabulous job in threading as well. Consequently, this place is now my 'go to' for manicures.
5	NStyle simply made my day magical.  I had a VERY tough week at work, and booked a few services on a Thursday to relax.  I was late for my 730 threading, mani and pedi.  When I first got there, the stylists were ready to leave.  But then Nahida and Olesya saw my state and decided to stay out of the goodness of their hearts.  My threading was great as usual (I have been coming to Nahida ever since i moved to Montreal).  Olesya, completely blew my mind with the most thorough, precise and meticulous mani and pedi.  I was simply pampered way past the salon hours, with utmost care as though I were the very first client.  I walked out with perfect nails, ready to take on the next day, as though a huge weight was lifted off my shoulders.  I was really just blown away by the kindness and the service that evening.
5	I am a new immigrant here in Montreal. I looke up on Yelp to find a salon and I discovered there are lots of good reviews on Nstyle. I tried it and now I become a regular there.I like this place mostly because of the hygiene and good quality services. I tried differen services including Shellac Manicure and Pedicure, full body wax and regular nail services and I was completely satisfied.I recommend Nahida however other staff are also very professional.
5	I recently went back to NStyle to have my nails filled and decided to try having my eyebrows threaded.  Like the first time, my nails were pampered and they looked gorgeous.  My nails had to be shortened and the gel had to be refilled.  I was not disappointed by the results. Sometimes when you have to get your nails refilled, they tend to look somewhat 'used' and not as 'fresh' and clean as the first time they were applied, but this was not the case. The end results looked just as awesome this time around. They looked as though they were put on for the first time.Now for the threading.  I had heard that this could be quite painful and well....it was. But it wasn't more painful than having them tweezed or waxed. Fortunately, the procedure doesn't take a long time. The girl who threaded my eyebrows was courteous and professional. I actually prefer to have them threaded since I feel that the finished result looks more polished. Furthermore, the regrowth of the eyebrows seems to take a longer time....but I may be delusional....jokes aside, and more importantly, Nahila (I think that is her name), took the time to match my eyebrows that had unfortunately, looked like they had been separated at birth.  Now they actually look like twins !!
1	I went in for a wax and Shellac manicure after having read all the great reviews on here. I should've just kept my money and went to my local salon instead. The woman who did my legs missed so many spots. I could have done a better job myself. Then, I went in for a manicure. The woman who did my nails made both my index fingers bleed and made the manicure very painful. On the plus side, I can say that my nails are absolutely gorgeous and the woman who did my nails was sweet. I can also add that the place looks great. Very clean and big. I think NStyle has great potential. I wish I had the same experience as the other people here on Yelp.
