3	As with the other Pret A Mangers - it has simple offerings for a quick in and out, so that you can check out the rest of Edinburgh.  Beware - if you decide to eat "in", you are subject to a tax which wouldn't be added if you took your food outside.  Not a hidden charge, they have signs all over the register explaining it (and that it's not their choice)
4	Ran in here for a quick croissant and tea and also to escape the rain.  Croissant was DELICIOUS.  Tea was pretty good.
5	When I was reviewing places in Glasgow, I made no secret of the fact that I absolutely adore Pret A Manger, I actually LOVE it and have even started getting cravings for their delicious, freshly made baguettes. They also have an amazing range of cakes including the moistest carrot cake I've ever eaten. For the quality of the produce the prices aren't all that bad and if you're on a budget and only feeling slightly peckish you can get all the baguettes in half sized portions. Sometimes if I can't decide what baguette to go for, I'll get a half of each one. Yum.I love everything about Pret, the cans of fizzy pop with cute pictures on them, the baguettes with the freshest ingredients, the friendly staff and their recycling policy. In fact, I would give this particular branch six stars if I could due to the large seating area that is often lacking in other Pret branches.On a recent trip in I discovered they have a new baguette on the block, I couldn't believe my eyes as I snatched up a sweet chilli king prawn baguette with roasted red peppers and parsley. It was absolutely delicious, I can't describe how good it was, you'll just have to venture in and try the wonderment for yourself!
3	Normally, Pret-a-Manger is somewhere I have always walked past on my way to finding somewhere else to eat. However, in the attempt to try something new, I wandered into this place and decided it was time to get to know what all the fuss was about.Frankly, I was dissapointed - iuts just a sandwich shop. There are the usual selections of sandwiches and cakes and drinks, but nothing that really makes this place stick out from the crowd of other sandwich places in the city. Sure, its nice enough, but I personally would rather go to a local none-chain place.
4	A stone's throw from Princes Street Gardens and Charlotte Square, Pret A Manger is an ideal place to pick up some lunch or nibbles for an impromptu picnic. As you'd expect from the chain, the sandwiches, salads and baguettes always look and taste fresh and are preservative and chemical free. Prices are reasonable considering the high quality and there's usually a great selection of meat, fish and vegetarian options. Those with a gluten-free diet should check out the scrumptious, No Bread salads including mozzarella, tomato and ham, tuna nicoise and crayfish and avacado. They sell pretty tasty crisps, carrot cake, lemon cheesecake and chocolate mouse too.
3	It's Pret a Manger, I  like their food. A lot. Especially the porridge for breakfasts, chocolate croissants for treats, and their Christmas mince pies.It is worth noting though that this smaller branch has no customer toilets, and it always seems to be cold. So make mine a mocha to go please.
4	So I always walked past Pret A Manger with a 'what a chain, it can't be that good' kind of look on my face. Man. I was wrong. I have had two visits to a Pret A Manger, one in Glasgow, one in Edinburgh. So the list of things I have sampled so far is not too high, it consists of coffee and soup. The coffee was ok, but then again you don't really go here for JUST the coffee. The soup, I had a Bacon and Corn Chowder and it was scrummy! The selection of sandwiches, wraps, toasties, salads here is second to none that I have seen in any other chain. I wanted to get them all!Smoked Salmon sandwich - yes please!Jalapeno Chicken Warm wrap - pass me one!Crayfish and advocado Salad - hit me up with some of that!Haloumi and Red Pepper Toastie - Damn!......I could go on seriously. I stood in front of those fridges switching between all these options in my mind and then realised the solution was simple. I will just have to come back.
5	Stopped in here for my Saturday mornign croissant and coffee was was very pleasantly surpsied.Warm croissant, buttery, flakey.....it was the real deal. The coffee was a dark bitter roast and really very nice!Solid start to my day :o)
5	Tomato and egg baguette for breakfast today. They are very tasty!Pret a Manger gets my vote for being the best consistantly good lunch option near my office. I really like the healthy options, calorie counting and superfood stuff. Plus the meatball wrap is fine for a Friday treat if you are feeling naughty!
