4	My mom stayed here last year when vacationing from San Diego.  She wanted a hotel that had a kitchen so she could cook for herself, and she had Marriott points to use, so she booked herself here.  The front desk staff was very pleasant, and they had a few really cool perks.  First, they had free dinner in the lobby -- nothing fancy, but more than we expected, like pasta and a salad bar.  Second, the staff would do your grocery shopping if you left them a list, for no fee, I believe.  Highly recommended hotel for a business traveler.  Just don't come here if you're looking to party or gamble, as this isn't the hotel for that.
5	I  am in love with this hotel!! We booked the 2 bedroom suite with is perfect is you have 5 or more ppl in your group. This included 2 totally separate bedrooms w/ their own bathrooms and a sofa bed that comfortably sleeps 2 ppl. The rooms include a full kitchen as well! They have a great free breakfast every morning. It gets pretty busy so the earlier you get there, the better.  The staff is super friendly and everything is clean. The pool is a good size with lounge chairs. They even provide some pool toys for the kids. Its about a 15 minute drive to the strip so its a little far if you are going to take a taxi but the hotel has a shuttle that can fit 7 ppl at a time. This is thee perfect family friendly hotel!! I will definitely stay here again the next time we are in Vegas. I actually prefer the fact that it is away from the strip and the casinos. This way, you can go visit the strip and gamble but you get to come back to a quiet place to relax.
1	the Front desk staff was very pleasant, Hotel is old, the kitchen appliances is very old, we booked four rooms four nights. each one w/ old appliances. Housekeeping didn't refurnish daily supply, wouldn't stay here ever again
3	Oh residence inn - I love you because you help me feel at home and the level of hospitality level can often times be unparalleled - but I sadly have to say this location is not one of my favorites.  Here's why:- You can hear the planes as early as 5am until 1am- The bed isn't comfy- It's a bit datedOther than that here are some great things to point out:- Lots of parking- Close to 24 hr fitness stores like Albertsons & CVS where you can buy last minute stuff- Complimentary hot & continental breakfast- Friendly staff- Free in-room internet serviceIf you're on a tight budget and have your own transportation - then I'd recommend this location.  They're only 10 minutes from the strip and have a good selection of nearby restaurants!
4	Very impressed with this place. The rooms were new and modern. Not to far from the strip either! I really liked that the rooms were seperate and each had their own bathroom. Nice touch!
4	Although, most of their appliances are kinda old. Nice, quiet neighborhood is also a plus to this location. Great customer service, front lobby staff always ready to help out too. We Love this place, It home away from home for us.
4	Full kitchen with free breakfast daily. Can't beat that. Also, very friendly staff and rooms are clean
4	It's a little ways away from the action, but such great accommodations.  I really like the room setup and the fact that you get a full kitchen (refrigerator, stove, micro, coffee maker, dish washer AND dishes!) in the room.  It's as close to home as you're gonna get and I appreciate that especially when traveling with small children.  Yes, you can hear some airplane traffic, but it's not that big of a deal.  We had a great room facing the pool and it was bright and sunny.  Reception staff was great! Would def stay here again
3	I checked in approximately 1:30 am, we (my husband & I) drove from out of state (with our young child & teen) and were extremely tired when we arrived. I had made my reservation on marriot.com, as I am a corporate guest and would have to use the official Marriott website. I had requested some additional accommodations that are given as options on the website. I called 702.434.2700, which is this location's phone number and it's not the customer service broad base phone number. I spoke to the front desk and plead to have the pull out sofa bed made and ready for sleeping, as we would be exhausted. I also asked for extra pillows for the sofa bed and we didn't have those ready either. Nor did the package for the sofa bed that was in the closet, have the entire bedding contents needed for the sofa bed. I requested a roll away bed as well, as the option for it was made available online. However, I do understand that not all Marriott's have capabilities to have them, which is why I called and checked. I was told in one phone call that I would have one, then when I called about a day or two prior to checking in, I was told we would not in fact have one. Also apparently we were in the "older" buildings, that have plumbing issues. Which explains why it took approximately 16 minutes to have some kind of warm (not hot) temperature water for the sink/shower. There were many more issues than just these I have written about. I brought all of the issues I have written as well as all of the other's to the attention of the Assistant GM, he really listened (WITHOUT INTERRUPTION) and had explained that he wanted to make it better for me and my family that were staying in the hotel. He also explained that there should be renovations to start and that he'd hope it would be better suited, if we decided to come back and stay again later.Originally I was going to rate this location 1 star. However, I have rated it 3 stars due to the Assistant General Manager Mike for his ability to accommodate the issues I encounter while staying at this location. The facility needs improvement (in my opinion) itself and some employees (in my opinion) should be retrained in policies and procedures etc. I am a corporate guest (and only stay at Marriott Hotels) and although there were multiple small to medium issues that made it all huge issues. I believe that there will be some changes to better suit guests. I will give this location another chance and hopefully the renovations will be complete and I will have a better experience, so I may give another review. Thank you Mike and Don (front desk) for doing the very best at resolving the matters/issues I encountered during my stay in October 2014. I will see you guys again and I hope that it will be a better outcome. And if it's not a better outcome, I know that I will be taken care of as I have been told I would be.Thank you for doing your very best to accommodate me after everything that took place. I do very much appreciate it!
