4	Always friendly, always an escape from the monotony of banker cube-life.Better than the other coffee shop across the street, and more fun than the one down the road.
4	Very friendly staff, free wireless, and lots of seating make this a great uptown spot for a coffe break.  The atrium outside the shop is a great sunny spot to sit and read.
4	I love this Caribou location! As Krishan said the staff is very energetic and very happy to see you and you can't beat that. They have $1 Medium Drip Coffee on Mondays and as all Caribous do, have a trivia question o the day where you can get $.10 off your coffee. You can sit inside in one of their cozy seats and sip on your drink or walk out into Founders Hall and enjoy it there. If you sign up on their email list, you can get coupons and special offers on their coffee, teas, smoothies and packaged coffee. It's not really convenient to just drive to and get a beverage but if you work in the Uptown area it's quite convenient. There's usually a line in this place but it goes by quickly and I have no problem dealing with that for a nice, hot fresh cup of joe.
3	This place is great for someone like me who drinks tea and not coffee. I cannot tell you a single thing about their coffee, but I can say they have  a much better selection of teas than Starbucks. They also have unique flavor shots like lavander to create an spunky and unique drink to suit your personality and taste bud needs LOL!
4	Outlets, fast wifi, good looking people walking around - yes yes yes.  $1 coffee Mondays?  SWEET.Only if there were outlets outside of the shop - then it'd be the bestest of the best, but I guess one of the bestest of the best is an alright thing.
4	Great coffee/treats and a perfect location for a meeting away from the cube farm if you work in the Bank of America Plaza or Corporate Center. Of course, if you don't work uptown, this is probably not the most convenient location as you'd need to pay a pretty penny for parking in the area. Located in Founder's Hall means there are quite a few tables to grab around the shop, as well as seating inside next to the fire if you need to warm up. And the staff at this location is always super friendly and energetic. Beware of the upsell, though....it was pointed out to me that a large coffee is only $0.10 more than a medium, so I went for it, but it ended up being WAY too much caffeine. Will stick with the medium next time while thanking the barista for her helpful suggestion. The lines always look really long, but the service is quite quick, so don't stress about that.A medium coffee is only $1 on Mondays and they've recently instituted "happy hour" during the week from 3-5pm, which includes $3 coffee drinks and $1 cookies. Fantastic deals for an afternoon pick-me-up. There's also free Wi-Fi, and if you sit inside the shop, there are plugs for your laptop.
5	Awesome Caribou Coffee location right in Founder's Hall! Really quiet (no loud music playing), especially if you come during the day and everybody's at work. Very cozy, clean, well-furnished seating area with new furniture and lots of cozy little nooks to sit down and get work done. Oh yeah, and the coffee and service are great too. Far nicer than the Starbucks just up W. Trade Street.
3	Good stop station for a quick afternoon pick me up or a morning boost.  Service has always been good.  Caribou is probably in my top 5 coffee spots but something about the company in general just isn't appealing enough to search it out and grab a cup over and above DD or Starbucks.  Nothing specific, just bad marketing maybe? Or lack of in general.  I'm sure if I worked in Founders Hall I would probably have a different perspective but oh well.  In general nothing wrong with this location and the coffee is just fine....so enjoy!
4	Love the Earl Grey Tea& Coffee, not as strong as some other coffee shops. I love their bakery options, banana bread, poppy seed bread, etc. Unfortunately the wait time is long and I do wish they offered bagels, like a lot of other places.The servers are friendly and always welcoming!
4	I was at the Aria in the same building for a lunch meeting - I ducked into Caribou for some caffeine before my meeting started. As I had only about 3 hours of sleep the night before at the Aloft Epicentre Hotel (due to a stupid nightclub next door playing loud music until 2:00 am on a Wednesday night) - I was really tired and dragging.There were quite a few people in line ahead of me - but the two folks working the registers quickly whittled the line down. I ordered a triple shot iced latte with whole milk.Drink came up fast as was exactly what my brain cells needed! Strong, tasty, and delicious! Nice location in the Bank of America Corporate Center. And free Wifi!
5	Caribou is the best chain coffee house hands down!
5	Been coming to this place in mornings and on lunch breaks almost going on three years now and was quite happy to know that this location was not selected for closing, unlike the ones Park Road and East Boulevard. Coffee is excellent, all of the time. Staff are marvelous, friendly, and know people by name (as well as learn your orders and take them before paying, if you come often enough). The breakfast foods (i.e. oatmeal, biscuits) I've ordered on occasion and liked them. Keep up the great work Caribou.
5	This afternoon we got two large regular coffees "for the road" ($2.19/each plus tax) and the coffee was very good.  Also, the guy who took our orders was incredibly friendly and his co-workers were also friendly.As an aside, the interior of the (Bank of America) building is really attractive.
