5	The BF and I spent some quality time at this World Market location as we perused what would eventually be our dining table.  We spent a long afternoon there, debating the ins and outs of what we wanted.  We were lucky because Rigo, one of the store employees, was more than helpful with being patient with us as we pondered.  We eventually returned the next day to get the table and I wanted to give credit where credit is due and acknowledge Rigo for all his help.  I don't think they work on commission here or anything, but you want to recognize good customer service when you get it!   I originally was going to give this location a four star, but realized it's five star potential when comparing it to the other locations in Vegas.  World Market is always having these random sales and coupons, and you definitely have to keep your eyes open to find out what's on sale and what you can't use the coupon on.  Nonetheless, we love our table! Yay! (And of course we're returning for more stuff to add to the house!)Update: 04/12/07 - So, this location is closing down.  They are currently having a "Relocation Sale", but the new store has already opened and it's over at Blue Diamond.  I went there right away to buy a large mirror for our dining room and we got a bunch of wine glasses and champagne flutes for a buck a piece!  I have a feeling we'll be going back again soon to take advantage of their "Relocation Sale"!Update: 04/24/07 - Their official last day is the 28th.  Everything in the store is at least 50% off!  And yes, the BF and I were there for a couple of hours and dropped $300 as we continue to interior decorate!  I think we'll be swinging by there again tonight!
5	I needed fancy chopsticks in bulk for a party. They had enough for my party. It made me happy ;) I like this place because it's ethnic. I really like all the asian faux art and the spices and rubs they have. Furnishings are cute. But not for me - Myke Smash!!!! From Indan, asian, and african styles. Hot sauce is cool too. OH and they have ENGLISH CHOCOLATE! Cadbury! Woo hoo. Yea it's the little things that excite me.
5	Cost Plus makes me happy.  It's near my work and, when I'm having a stressful day, sometimes I'll take my lunch hour and just go walk around Cost Plus and it helps out a lot.  I love everything about this place.  The smell, the layout, the selection.  I've created tons of unique gifts using different things from here. (I made someone a photo book of our adventures, and made a Valentine's basket for a sweetie including wine, glasses, little toys, and a sock monkey.  Nothing says, "You're keen!" quite like a sock monkey.)  I want every single piece of lighting (Japanese paper lamps, strands of god-knows-what with lights inside of them, candles galore) and their dinnerware is a mix and matcher's dream.  Their candy selection with selections from around the world is fun, and you can fine unique wines in their wine section.Cost Plus is perfect for gifts or that hard-to-find tchotchke to pull a room together.  And it's a good place to go to breathe when you've almost forgotten how to.
5	I like this place because you don't have to spend your whole bank account on one item.  I also like the wide variety of food and candy.  The drinks are also a great selection!  This location is very centrally located and all locations carry the same stuff.  I especially like their peanut butter filled pretzels and the pet aisle.
