3	A perfect lunch or breakfast stop on a work day. Blue Saguaro is definitely a "workers" place - they are not open evenings and weekends and thus have no real neighborhood hangout crowd, but the atmosphere duplicates the neighborly feel admirably. Bright Mexican style painted walls take the edge off the otherwise generic mini-mall interior. A dozen or so 2 to 4 person tables are located inside and some plastic seating outside is usually ample enough to avoid waiting for a seat. The menu is somewhat extensive for a small place like this but nothing fancy - sandwiches and a few salads; but there are some nice selections - turkey avocado, roast beef with horseradish, and a good veggies one too. And PB&J. haven't tried that yet - maybe next week. No grilled sandwiches. They have a selection of several bagged chips, and side orders of pasta or potato salad. Fountain drinks, bottled juices and waters, and Italian sodas with or without cream. Unfortunately the dessert selection is limited to a few sad-looking plastic-wrapped cookies and cake slices. They close at 2 or 3 PM - can't remember which. Mornings they open at 6:00 and the coffee is almost always hot and ready. They do an assortment of coffee drinks. Breakfast fare includes bagels, bagel/egg sandwiches, and eggs with toast, although I've never had the eggs other than in the bagel sandwich. Overall I don't recommend making a special trip to seek out Blue Saguaro, but if you are in the 16th St. and Northern area and looking for a quick and tasty breakfast or lunch in a low key non-chain spot, you'll probably enjoy it.
4	Love their chicken club sandwich!  It's a small place with little seating inside and a few more tables outside.  During the spring and fall it's great to sit outside.
3	A good little neighborhood coffee and sandwich shop. Nothing too much to write home about, especially the bland environment inside, but great sandwiches to pick up or just meet for lunch. I thought it was cute, but would never really know about it unless I had a suggestion from a friend. There's the big resort next door, so there was people in their swimsuits here stopping by for lunch. The sandwiches have everything available - everything except gluten-free bread. I picked apart a turkey sandwich with hummus and red bell pepper. It was a good portion of meat and the hummus was a good addition. Lots of sandwiches available, and apparently also features a breakfast menu. Looks pretty good and pretty decent prices. Looks like they have a full coffee shop menu as well featuring Torani syrups.  Just your average sandwich shop, but a place I would definitely go back to often for lunch - especially if I was staying at the resort next door.
5	It's a sandwich shop and they have great sandwiches.  Bottom line.   Staff is friendly enough and, for the quality (good) of their food, the service is ultra-fast.  If you are in the area and in need of either a quick breakfast, lunch or something to take back to the office, you can't go wrong here.
4	They''re just around the corner from my ofice. I love their chicken club sandwich. That is one of the best chicken club sandwich I ever had. Also other sandwiches are good. They have fresh salads. Big enough for lunch. If you're near this place, worth to give it a try.
4	Blue Saguaro has been doing the same menu of breakfast sandwiches (seriously delicious - toasted sourdough drenched in salty butter, egg over medium, crispy bacon and melty American but not Kraft cheese) and lunch sandwiches & salads for over 10 years.    There's a reason that it hasn't really changed:  It works. The lunch menu has specialty vs regular sandwiches.   Most of the specialty are loaded up with sandwich fixings you're not going to get in a chain shop - cream cheese, sprouts, avocado that wasn't spread on thinner than mustard.   The bread is bakery quality and there's a decent selection.   The ambience is non existent, but when you're grabbing lunch on the run it really doesn't matter.     They are super fast, but that may be because I always tip a buck.   :)
4	The Blue Saguaro is a place you'd probably not find unless someone told you about it, I can agree with Erica on that one.  The interior is nothing to right home about .  It is nice enough for what it is and that is just a nice little cafe style restaurant catering to the surrounding businesses.Now let's start talking about what makes this restaurant great and that is the food.  It's simply a nice little restaurant that proves if you have good food it will be successful.  I am saying that on the basis that everything I saw served looked put together right.I had the Mediterranean Vegetarian Sandwich.  The bread was nice and fresh which was the start of a really tasty  meal. It didn't taste like the bread at some places that give you a variety of 8 different kinds but they all suffer from a bland sameness. There was plenty of hummus, feta, roasted peppers, all in about the proper combination so as not make any one overbearing.  There was also plenty of it, enough to fill you up but not enough to make you feel like Jabba the Hutt.I am looking forward to going back to the Blue Saguaro and trying their breakfast sandwich.  I was ten minutes to late to get one but boy did the ones I saw look yummy!  This is a real compliment from me.  I am not a big breakfast eater and am likely to end up at MacDonald's just be cause their big breakfast is usually consistent.  I admit if I am going out for breakfast, usually the place I go is going to be fairly expensive.  Not at the Blue Saguaro.   The prices are quite reasonable. This is one of those reviews that really has been writing.  Thanks, Blue Saguaro!
4	Can still say that I haven't been disappointed having gone back to the Blue Saguaro  Jen is right.  The menu may not change but it;s always a good eat,
4	Nice little place with a nice selection
4	Stopped here for lunch today and had the turkey sandwich with the humus ..... DELISH !! My friend had the Greek Salad with chicken - he said it was WONDERFUL. Nice sandwich shop that's clean and has good food !!! Recommended :-)
4	It appears that this place has permanently closed.  Per the notice in the window, they were way overdue on their rent, and the landlord locked them out.  Too bad 'cause I really enjoyed this place.  It was a convenient lunch spot during the work week.  Never crowded, quick, and quiet.  It was always a nice escape from the office, and it was a much better option than the Veranda Bistro across the street.  Did I mention cheap too? You could get a delicious sandwich or a massive chicken salad for around $5.  And the chicken... moist, tender, and full of flavor... so good.  Bummer they're closed.  Hopefully they reopen nearby.  We'll just have to wait and see.
