4	The food is what you expect if you've ever been to Panda Express but I have to say, boy are these people busy! It was a Thursday afternoon and the line was practically out the door. The guys cooking keep the food coming. There were 2 hispanic girls working the line and taking turns on the register, they did not miss a beat. You were welcomed when you walked in, they made eye contact as you ordered and once you paid for your food it was, thank you very much. That's more than you get in most places.The bathrooms are super clean!!
4	This was my first experience with Panda Express and I was pleasantly surprised.  Even though they were pretty busy the place was very clean and the atmosphere was quiet and relaxed - much more enjoyable than your typical fast food experience.  The staff working the line were very polite, friendly, and efficient!  I also like the 'plate' concept they use - pick a side, then pick 2 or 3 entrees.  (When I go to an authentic Chinese restaurant I can never decide on just one thing to order!)  The Orange Chicken and Beijing Beef were delicious, although the Fried Rice disappointed me - the rice was undercooked and was pretty much flavorless overall.  We loved their hot chili sauce - it had a great flavor and was actually spicy enough to satisfy us! ;)Keep in mind this is still fast food- so if you're looking for a place with authentic cuisine I'd try somewhere else.  Great in a pinch though - we'll definitely be coming back!
4	This is my first time at this particular location and I have to say all in all very satisfied. Service was good. Food was very fresh and very tasteful. There was some trash on the floor between the bathroom and condiment station and by the front door but all in all pretty clean place. I would recommend to all my friends and family.
3	Where else do you turn to for super Americanized Chinese food!? It's really what you expect for this restaurant. There is a certain taste, a tang, for every single dish that is served here. The food is consistent, but just okay. Not good, not great! Plus, the chow mien is super greasy every time! But all dishes just fill you up really. It's fast food--it made me not want to eat for a day!! If you're trying to eat healthfully, don't stoop to Panda Express! Go next door to subway, because PE is just too greasy to be healthy :P This location is not that busy. There are no super long lines, and the place is clean because not a huge number of people visit! Also, the staff is welcoming and friendly. Sometimes they get sidetracked, but it's not too long of a wait time. Have fun eating at Panda! If you're down for a cheap, filling meal, then this is it!
2	I've been to this location 1/2 dozen times and the food has always been Luke warm . I think today was my last time at this location.
1	First, we usually enjoy Panda Express: and over the last few years, have eaten at MANY different locations in both Las Vegas and other cities. We understand that the POOR experience we had here is because of ignorant franchise owners at a single location and not a reflection on Panda Express in general. Nevertheless, we learned the hard way not all Pandas are created equal!UGHHHH. Unfortunately, we made the mistake of trying this Panda Express because it was very close to the doctor's office where my 94 year old Mom had an appointment.It was about 3 o'clock in the afternoon...well after lunchtime and before dinner. There was nobody eating there, but EVERY table was DIRTY with crumbs, noodles, spilled soda, etc.It was disgusting. We couldn't find ONE clean table to sit at. I went up to the food line to ask someone if they could wipe down a table and was ignored for at least a good 2-3 minutes by the manager and three members of the cooking staff who seemed to be very busy talking at top volume in Spanish. Finally, a woman with a name tag that said "Manager" came up to me thinking I was ordering food and barked, "What do you want?" I answered, "We'd like a clean table to sit, can you wipe off a table for us?" She seemed annoyed, "Give me a minute." FIVE more minutes passed as she proceeded to leave us standing and waiting (a 94 year old woman on a walker) as her loud conversation and laughing with employees continued.I had to ask her one MORE time AGAIN if we could please have a clean table . Finally she begrudgingly came over with a wet wash rag to wipe. I asked her if she was the manager to which she replied in a challenging tone, "No, I am the assistant, why?" I said, "Because all the tables in your restaurant are dirty. Don't you think you might have more business if you didn't have to leave customers standing and waiting several minutes to sit at a clean table?" Oh, she didn't LIKE that. She gave me the stink eye and walked away. We should have just LEFT at that point, but unfortunately didn't. After wiping ONE table for us, she retreated back behind the food line and continued blabbering away with employees in Spanish, apparently comfortable to continue leaving all the other tables in the restaurant dirty.When we finally went to order, half of the selection trays looked almost empty and dried out. They acted annoyed that some of our order choices required them to cook fresh. My mom only wanted a water to drink, so we got her a water cup. The second time the caregiver took my mom's water cup over to the drink bar for a refill, she put ice tea in it. The "Manager" noticed right away and came over scolding her," Those cups are for water only, you'll need to pay for that tea!"Yeah,they can leave customers standing around and waiting ten munites before they can be bothered to come and wipe down a dirty table, but a 94 year old woman drinking a tea she didn't pay for...IMMEDIATE response. SCREW you, Panda Express! BOO HISS! BTW...we paid them the $1.72 they demanded for my mom's tea.The last part of our negative experience here actually happened while we were eating. We started to slowly become aware of the odor of sour mop and garbage. The longer we stayed, the more noticeable it became. Determined it was coming from BOTH of the inside garbage cans in the restaurant which were filled to the brim (No customers in the place, but too busy to wipe off tables and empty the trash). We can only conclude that from the smell, when they DO empty the trash, they don't bother to clean or sanitize the liner pails. GROSS!I CAN report that none of us experienced any sickness or food poisoning as a result of our meal here. When we left, that was a concern in the back of my mind. If you are considering eating at Panda Express, you will be much more pleased to drive five more minutes to the location at Durango and 215. That Panda Express knows what they are doing. They have consistently fresh food, a clean and pleasant interior, and really friendly employees that really care about your meal.
