5	I had 30 LG 275 solar panels put  on my roof by this company. I checked out 14 companies but this was better on price by 20% and good work also done. The owner answer's all your questions with complete honesty. Really happy I found this company.
5	25 Trina Solar modules on my two story home and an SMA inverter in the garage. The projects was installed on time, no change orders and works beautifully.  Anthony and his crew were simply tip-top in every way.  Penetrations were properly sealed, outdoor conduit painted and all at a super competitive price.
5	I have a modest 3 bedroom 2 bath single family home. When I was able to take a HELOC from my bank I wanted to do some home improvements. I wanted to add a 4th bedroom and a 3rd bath plus get solar to help offset my summer electric bills. Anthony from Aneva Solar was one of the companies I called for a quote. Anthony arrived and surveyed my home and gave me a price that was a couple thousand dollars less than my previous best offer. He matched the equipment that I had been quoted and he did something no one else took the time to do. He answered my questions and explained how his product worked. He treated me as if I had a million dollar home and was buying a 100K system. By the time Anthony was finished speaking with me, I knew that I wanted to buy my system from Aneva Solar. It wasn't the fact that he quoted me 2 thousand less than my best offer, it was that I felt Anthony was going to do a great job and would not stop until I was satisfied. As the process begun I knew I was in good hands. Anthony personally did the install and every time I had a question he addressed it and gave me answers. Anthony told me that a tree I had in my back yard should be trimmed so not to cast a shadow on some of the solar panels. Anthony cut and disposed of the tree for me at no additional cost. Every day Anthony was at my home he would update me on the progress and answer all of my questions. He helped me though the APS paperwork and even did the electrical work changing my breaker box from a 100 amp to a 200 amp box. Once finished (which took about 2 weeks) Anthony flipped on the solar to test the system and I watched my meter run BACKWARDS!!!! Once APS gave its seal of approval we turned on the solar permanently and I noticed a 100 dollar savings on my last electric bill as compared to last years bill. Aneva Solar did a GREAT job with excellent product, excellent customer service and excellent product knowledge. I was so impressed with Anthony's workmanship, I hired him to do the electrical work in my new bedroom/bathroom. Having solar put on your home is a major financial and cosmetic decision whether you need a modest system or an expansive one. Aneva Solar will treat you with respect, talk to you rather than at you and the product they install will be the best on the market. I promise that if you just have Aneva out to your home for a proposal, you will be impressed with the price, the knowledge, the professionalism whether you spend 15K or 150K Aneva Solar will be the right solar company for YOU!
5	Anthony the owner is a great guy.he knows his business well.I had 30 solar panels installed by him.they work well and save me a lot of money compared to the  14 other companies I interviewed.il loved the quality of his work.I know since I have remodel several homes.He is such an honest guy
