3	I've never been into this Cox store, and I hope I don't have to again. That's not a strike against the place, it's actually very nice and is setup like a cell phone store. But geez, why would you have to go into the store ever? I popped in to swap out a cable box since I was downgrading from a DVR, and I had to wait a long time because some clueless lady wanted to argue about her bill for half an hour. She kept saying "you guys upped my bill" as if the customer service rep owned Cox. So tilting.Once I got served, it was smooth sailing.  The rep understood every question I had and it was a pretty quick in and out.  So basically, F*** dumb Cox customers.
4	I had a failure of the hard drive on my several year old DVR this morning.  After troubleshooting the problem, I was told by the telephone rep to return the HD box with DVR to this office and they'd replace it.I was in and out in under 15 minutes.  You sign in on a touch screen and are called when it's your turn.  Uriel waited on me.  He made sure I got the DVR with newer controls and he provided me with a new remote which is an upgraded version of the old one.It was a pleasant surprise to be in and out of here so quickly with such good customer service.  I am a fan!
3	I went in too swap out my old cable box and modem for more updated ones. I been too this store before although been many years. It still set up the same. Nice. Once get inside see little lounge area with tv for customers while you wait. You sign in through machine although few times have gone been empty so not long wait or salesperson see you till you come on up. The customer service really nice and friendly. Too my surprise he not really pushy about any upgrades never mention it once whole conversation. I asking the gentlemen lot of questions about the difference between my ancient six year old box and newer ones. Also about the modem ask questions about whole modem/rotor since already have rotor but ancient modem. They only sell the combination ones not just modem. He told me before ask the price its on sale right now! Yay! The salesmen talked too was very knowledgable about the products, friendly, and made short time in store nice. Refreshing for me he never went on and on about buy more premium channels, highest speed internet, or nothing but address my problems I ask. Got it all fixed and out the door with smile.
4	I've been here a few times and theyre always nice and take care of me in a quick and orderly fashion. This time I went to swap my regular box for an HD one. I was literally in the store for 5 mins, QUICK! The guys whom work here are little hotties and are very nice and patient!I will continue to come here to pay bills or "have trouble" with something... anything... to see them! JK. Store is very clean and set up very streamlined, the have a little couch thing you can sit on and oogle the nice big crystal clear tv as well as other info and pay stations.Now if they would rape my wallet I would be a happy camper!
1	I have 2 cox accounts. I spend $300 a month with cox. I brought my 10Pound dog in with me and she was not bothering anyone. I have never had anyone ever ask me ever for my dog to leave but a lady came up to me and asked me to remove my dog from the store. Great way to treat your customers! It's not like there's food in the cox store. I come from California where people being their dogs everywhere.
1	This store is always busy. Plan on spending some time there after you type your name in on the screen. I was turning my equipment in because I am done with Cox cable. Waste of money. I have one word for them,.......Directv.
1	How do I hate the, let me count they ways...I hate the to the depth of the my consumer sould.I hate the to bottom of the worst list.-----------------------------------------------------------------Cox used to have great service and great customer service.  I left Las Vegas for 2 years and came back and placed my order for EVERYTHING with Cox.  Well, that everything cost twice as much.... and over a period of 4 months and over 100 technical support calls, there are some things that just never got fixed.To add insult to injury after have the DVR replaced once and another person came back, I was told by a supervisor that a lot of them aren't tagged as bad and are sent back in the field and he tried 3-4 more in one visit until one worked.  (sort of, it never fully worked)  I finally just cut them because I can watch a couple of shows over the air and stream the rest.  I didn't like the VoIP phones either as I was told they were not power dependent and that was not correct.At the end of months of problems, hours and hours on the phone, dozens of e-mails when i dumped them, they sent me a bill for a DVR!   I'm not sure what on earth I would do with one of their DVS but they were big, ugly silver metal things that I sure wouldn't want.  I know darn well in all those swap outs someone forgot to check oe back in but I had one last fight and that was to NOT pay them for something I didn't have.I'm glad I never let any company take money out of my accounts. (I always do electronic payment where I send it, they don't take it.)I would not recommend Cox Communication to anyone who wants reliable, reasonably priced service or competent and caring service staff!
3	VERY pricey service and the contour package is insane. In order to get their best DVR, you have to include the contour service which is supposed to "improve your viewing experience". It did nothing for me other than to add $24.95 to my bill every month.I just got an email from Cox that I went over my monthly data usage. WTF?  When I signed up there was no mention of any limits on bandwidth at all, now I guess they're going to charge me for the overage. *** update... I just found their policy on overage and it does not mention any bill increase.  The policy says that they will let you know about the overage and suggest that you upgrade your plan. if the overage continues, they can cancel your account.  Sounds fair enough to me.  I'll upgrade my rating to 3 stars  ***I just reviewed the Cox sales site again and see no mention of bandwidth limits. It seems that this is an unethical practice.Too bad that they have a virtual monopoly on fast service in this valley  :(
5	Great service. Thanks!
3	Over the last 15 years, being out on my own, Cox has been my least favorite cable provider. I've been telling my wife we need to switch since we moved in together. She finally had enough with the high prices, and bad customer service, so we switched to the competitor. I had to return our prior DVR's, and dreaded it! I went into the store expecting long lines, bad service, having to argue with the employee, and dealing with a non helpful manager. To my surprise the experience was quite the opposite! There were 5 people in there, before I me. I was in and out of there in less than 30 minutes. There was plenty of staff, which were all very efficient, helpful, patient, and friendly! The store was very clean, and organized.The parking situation and the lot leave a lot to be desired! That, combined with my frustration with Cox, is the only reason this location received 3 Stars, instead of 5! If you must do business with Cox, this is the location I recommend you use.
1	Back then, we had no choice. Cox was the only provider serving our area.So yeah, it was expensive. And slow. Cable was expensive. Really expensive. Like $100+ for semi-basic programming. (they charge extra for HBO, cinemax etc )Internet: for $59 per month, we were promised 10mbps. But we were getting only 7mbps average. We DC a lot. And most times, download rates are really slow. Erratic.I would not recommend Cox to anyone. Freakin expensive.We transferred to Prism now. The internet is only DSL but it's faster than Cox's cable internet. Who knew?I think it's because there's less competition for Prism in our area. Maybe in the future when more people subscribe to prism, we'll get slow too. We'll see.
5	I can't say I've had the best experience with this company. But today a employee named MANNY changed all of that.  He was quick to greet me and sit me at his desk.  He not only took care of my problem but completely changed my mind of quitting service. He was friendly, he knew what he was doing and because of him I'm still with this company.   Good job manny!!! Give the man a raise
1	This place is a joke. Worst customer service ever,  this morning from Miguel. My bill was raised nearly 20%, with a poor excuse for an explanation. Miguel said it showed I have a box! I DONT HAVE A BOX, OR A REMOTE. I HAVE "RECEPTION ONLY " CABLE. Channel 3-13 only. I use my own smart Tv remote. $70. a mo. for BASIC, and I mean BASIC Cable? To make it even worse, Miguel gave me my change. ....wait for it....IN PENNIES! (and still managed to give me incorrect change! What a horrible experience!
1	If I could, I would give this place negative stars.  THEY ARE LIARS.  Even when you can get through to someone, they place you on hold for the longest time and then lie to you about everything.  I went to suspend my service because I had gone through a difficult time.  I still have my service on suspension while I wait for my old roommates to give me back my cable box, so I can cancel my contract with them.I was told the suspension would be $20 a month  So I received a bill last month for $48.59, so I thought that was partly because I recently started the suspension.  Today I received a bill for $50.37, after being reassured that I was on suspension.  So I was lied to by several people about the $20 a month.  I'm currently on the phone with a representative (shocker I know), and she just said that my account is active.  So the idiots didn't put me on suspension and I had spoken to several people.  Cox cannot run a business and they don't need any of my money.  I wouldn't recommend their faulty service to anyone, not even an enemy.  If one wants issues and horrible customer service and internet connection that goes out and long hold times and not even guaranteed talking to people and outrageous bills, be my guest, but as for me, I know there are better companies out there.Update, I just got off the phone with Marina.  She was patient, but still.  I'll see if her words hold true about a manager calling me back within 24 hours.  Yes, 24 hours.  I work in retail, I'm a supervisor and to have someone in a management position take 24 hours to call back is pitiful.
5	This is just my review about the experience in the store, which was great. My newly rescued doggie ate the Cox remote, and I was dreading having to pay for a new one. However, as I walked into the store with my remote in hand, the very friendly employee handed me a brand-new one at no charge as soon as I reached the counter -- I didn't even tell him what I wanted. Great customer service in the store -- not so much on the phone, but this experience was great. So: credit where credit is due!
