4	I recently suffered a Zumba injury and my doctor was on vacation. As I was barely able to walk, her office staff suggested I visit San Tan Urgent Care for treatment. Some friends warned me that I would most likely have to wait several hours in the waiting room for treatment, but this is Queen Creek and I have yet to experience long waits in any health care facility. Once again it turned out to be true. I arrived just prior to the 9:00 am opening and was back in my car by 9:25. You can go to the web site and print off the paper work if you are a first time patient. That sped up the process for me and got me to a staff member quickly. He looked at the leg, diagnosed a partial tear in a calf muscle and set me up with some crutches and muscle relaxers. One thing I appreciated was his concern for cost. He stated that the only way to determine the true severity of the injury was an MRI, but most likely the insurance company would not pay for that if he ordered the test. His suggestion was to visit my doctor when she returns next week and if she submitted the order, most likely the insurance would pick up the charge. Good advice, easy in and quickly out of the office.
5	So, sadly I have had to take my little guy 2 times now to Dr. Brooks for stitches.  What can I say?  He's a boy, and plays hard.  The first time was on his forehead (visible to all) and they did such a good job (a year later now) you can't even see where he split it open.  We took care of it, per their suggestions, but still they did such a great job.  The second time was on the chin and I am hoping it heals up a nicely too, but at least it's not very easy to notice.  Anyway, good staff, friendly and Dr. Brooks is just an awesome guy.  a little over $400 bucks for urgent care and stitches seems a bit high and it sucks to pay out of pocket when you are self employed, but oh well!!!!
1	This review is for Wendy the office manager. Rude, rude, rude 10 times over. Unprofessional, condescending, unhelpful and all with major attitude. An office manager should have at least basic communication and empathetic listening skills. Wendy should never have been put into a position that clearly requires more than kindergarten communication skills.  Patients, take your co-pay's elsewhere if you want to be treated with any mount of dignity or respect. Gilbert Hospital on Power and Ray is awesome - I will never make the mistake of going to San Tan Urgent Care again. Hey Wendy, by the way, VERY unprofessional to hang up on a customer. Period. I have a Master's Degree and do not appreciate being scolded like I am in grade school. I'll tell EVERYONE I know to stay clear of your business due to your crappy attitude. Best of luck!
5	I don't understand how this place could get a bad review ever. Justin and Dr. Brooks are two of the most knowledgeable people I've ever come across in the medical field. To further that, they will remember who you are and have impeccable bedside manner. They will sit and talk to you until they're blue in the face answering questions. I think they really care about their patients and the business they run. Also, I don't think I've ever had to wait more than 20 minutes to get back. Which is amazing for an urgent care or any doctor. I'll sometimes wait 40 for my gp! I just wish you guys would hurry up and be a family practice so I don't have to keep going into these crap doctors and have to pay my urgent care copay just to get some good treatment! :)
5	I cant believe I havent done this yet! My first expierence with San Tan Urgent Care was back in 2009 when my daughter was first born! My family (husband, Daughter, Son and Myself) have been seen for numerous random things (Staff infections, Strep,  ear infections tons, sprains, back issues, stitches and more!) Dr. Brooks, Dr. Ehmke and Patty are who I have personally had the pleasure of dealing with the most (sick or not) I always feel a sense of peace because I know they care and will get the matter taken care of. I like them better then my family doctor! I would wait an hour if I had to for San Tan Urgent Care because they are always so sweet, perfesional and always 100% with treatments! I will continue to be faithful to them reguardless of what anyone else says In 4 years I havent had a bad experience yet!
5	Unfortunately my trip to Arizona started off with a trip to urgent care... But THANK SWEET BABY JESUS that I decided to go to the San Tan Urgent Care Health Center for treatment.  I was greeted by patty upon entering, and it was the smoothest sailing imaginable from there on out.  It was about 10:15am when I went, and it couldn't have been more than a half hour from when I walked in the door until I was in to see the doctor.Perhaps being from Canada, where public healthcare is obviously the only option, I am not used to such friendly and thorough service, but this whole experience was above and beyond.  I saw P.A Justin for my treatment, and believe me, he left no stone unturned.  He was extremely thorough in addressing all of my questions and asking a fair share of his own.I was even given a prescription for a medication to relieve some of the discomfort that I was experiencing (something I have never been offered before).  I left having paid $99, and boy, was it worth every penny.  I absolutely 100% endorse this clinic to anyone in the area that feels as though they need to seek treatment for an ailment or illness.
4	This office is great. The staff is wonderful and caring. They do a great job of taking care of you in a timely fashion! I would highly recommend this office.
5	Dr. Brooks and Justin are amazing! I trust them more than my primary care and they have always been great to my family and myself!
5	I feel blessed to have found this facility many years ago.  They have become my preferred provider because Dr. Brooks, his PA Justin Ehmke, and the entire staff consistently exhibit the highest level of compassion and care for me. After each visit I am completely satisfied and confident that I received an accurate diagnosis and only necessary and appropriate treatments.  I passionately recommend them to my family, friends, neighbors, and coworkers. They are much more than an Urgent Care facility. They become true partners in improving your health and well being.
1	This location is CLOSED - Do not go here. The sign on the door states they have moved to the Banner Health Center on Ellsworth & Victoria. Not true. They will send you to the Allied/One Health Urgent care across the street which is in no way affiliated with them.
