5	I have been going to this Discount Tire for years & have never been disappointed. I just got a set of Perelli tires on their recommendation & am very happy with them. They have consistent, knowledgeable, friendly & as their name states... discounted service. I have tried other places for my son's car but nothing compares to their bang for the buck. They take competitors coupon deals if you ask or mention them and match it. You can't beat that, so give them a try!
5	Great service at this location. They do a lot of things for free and because they were concerned for my safety gave me a loner tire until payday! Who else would have done that??? No one !  They earned a loyal customer!!!
5	Been purchasing tires from discount for many years (6 sets so far).  I have been to several different locations around the east valley and have been pleased with the service and the quality of the tires I get there.  They came out with this policy a few years ago that if the tires you had weren't from them, they charged you $15 for a flat repair, but if you replaced your tires, you would get that money back.  They only did that once for me.  The last couple of vehicles I have had, they fix the flat at no charge, no matter where my tires were from.  They know I have bought enough tires that I will be back in the future.Over-all very pleased with all of the discount locations I have been at and the service level.  Will be back again for new tires when the time comes.
5	Great quick service. Very honest....the service guy recommended three tires I asked about just doing all four but he said the other one is in good shape with good tread (it was about a year old with little driving on it). I'd recommended these guys to anyone. Good price and fast.
5	Friendly, fast, honest!  Was in and out with my two vehicles in less than 30min.  Been going to Discount Tire for over 15 years and this was by far the fastest and best visit.Thought for sure they'd recommend new tires and was planning on pricing them out. Instead, he said I could get some good life out of them if I rotated them and kept up on it.  It was almost like I was in an alternate universe with how friendly these guys were.  No one had an agenda. Ill be back!
5	Fantasic business! I was visting in Chandler and had a leak problem on a tire recently purchased and installed in Minnesota (not a Discount tire store). I brought my problem to the Discount Tire store at Cooper and Warner. Not only did they take the car in and fix the problem in less than a half hour, they did it at no charge! If I need tires when I am in the Valley, you can bet I will get them here.
2	Not sure what to think of these guys. I can't agree with the other reviewer who said they are never pushy, they were so with me. I went in clearly knowing what I wanted and they wanted to sell me more than what I asked. I said no several times, and the guy started acting like he was taking it personally that I was refusing his offer and that he was just trying to help me out - you know, like what every salesman wants to do for their customer! In the end I caved because he wouldn't back down. Don't know what the guy's true motive was, but I felt like I was manipulated.
5	I agree with others about these guys.  They are friendly, fast, honest, and being straight with me.  They do price match and recommend new tires based on my need and also told me about their personal experience of using different tires if they had used one set themselves.  Maybe not every sale rep told me.  I was there couple times and met two sale reps there and they told me their personal experience with some of the tires they used in their family vehicles.  I found it a nice touch and I can relate more with these guys.  Have been a long time Discount Tire customers over 10 years and most of the time I am very happy with their service.
5	If you need tires or anything to do with tires this location is the best hands down!
5	I was a little apprehensive about buying tires by myself.  As a woman, going into Auto shops for anything I always feel like I'm going to be taken advantage of.  However, that being said, I was pleasantly surprised by the care and genuine honesty of Josh at this Discount Tire.  I went in to purchase 2 new tires, I knew I needed one more, but my budget didn't allow for a third one this month.  After talking with him (Josh), he explained the condition of the 3rd tire and quite honestly the 4th tire.  He showed them to me and he was right!  I do need two more tires.  The pricing was VERY reasonable and he was spot on with the length of time to put them on.  I will go back for my other two tires in a week or so and I hope that Josh is there again.  Thanks Josh for all your help!
3	Service was pretty good. They were pretty fast. Only took less than an hour to install two tires. They were mostly balanced. But I had to return the next day to have them probably stow my spare tire instead of just throwing it in the trunk
5	This place is great! I came in for an air check, and they found a nail I had no idea was there! I was about to head up to Colorado, so they saved me :) The entire staff was so polite and friendly.
5	I had two tires split...yikes!I headed to Discount right as they opened and stood in line with a few other people. I had called earlier to make an appointment, which did not make any difference in the order I was helped. It was just first come first served. The staff was very friendly and had two new tires on my car in a flash. I was in and out within 20 minutes!!
5	Called in and got Josh this morning, my GF had a flat tire just down the road and let him know she was coming in so should we be well taken care of, he did just that! Fixed the flat tire(nail) for FREE!! He did not try to up sell her on anything, simply GREAT and EFFICIENT customer service! I will continue to recommend these guys to any and everyone! Thanks Josh
5	Nobody likes a flat tire. Especially bright and early in the morning when you're running late for work. A screw was the culprit in my case (it's like I have magnets on my tires, this happens to me all the time) and I had the sneaking feeling it would be irreparable prior to stopping into Discount, but a girl can hope differently, right?I parked and was just a few steps away from my car when I was greeted by Jean Luc. He was friendly and smiling and immediately put me at ease. He got me all set within just a few minutes (even though the store was fairly busy). As it turns out, I did need a new tire and had one on in about 15-20 minutes and I was on my way. Fantastic service and my tire didn't even cost me an arm and a leg. I left happy and glad to be on my way so quickly.Highly recommend this location!!Oh, but P.S. to Discount, it would be nice to have wifi available for customers while they wait. :)
5	Always so nice and quick and professional. I recommend this location.Didn't have the size and brand I called about so offered a slight discount on an alternate.2nd time at this store and it's all been good!
5	Where do I begin? Well to start everyone there was courteous, kind and professional. I came in with a screw in my tire and they fixed it... for FREE. I would come back here as a paying customer. The job they did was great and they finished in no time at all. They are also kid friendly. My youngest spilled water and they insisted on cleaning it for me. Oh yeah and they gave me a bottle of spring water. LOVE LOVE LOVE
5	I have been using this place for seven years.  They are awesome and fast.  The always give you options and never push products. I full trust these guys. All are good but Josh and Drew are best in class.
