4	Yay!  Thai food close to home!  Today was the first day open and the food is delicious.  The staff  is wonderful and it was delightful watching everyone working to get our order just right.  The red and panang curries were delicious .  The portions ample.  We will be back!
4	Great new business to the Avondale Goodyear area. I enjoyed the service, the restaurant was very clean and well kept, my order was spot on and very tasty. The price point is very fair and your could easily get dinner for 2 under $20. I enjoyed the house fried rice and the pad Thai the most. The PHO is also authentic and very good here. Everyone seemed pleased with their order and the service seemed to go out of their way to make sure everything was correct and what the customers wanted when they originally ordered. They do not accept checks but do take cards and checks. I would say it's perfect for groups of 6 and under as it's not a very large restaurant. I liked pretty much everything about this place and would recommend it to my fellow local yelpers. Pho k yeah!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. great food and the service is wonderful! Must try!!
5	Best Thai food I have ever had , it was clean ,  great service I love the food ! Pad seiew was amazing , their prices are greater than the other Thai restaurants , their egg rolls are the bomb . I'd defiantly will come back again .
5	Absolutely delicious. Thai Chicken Fried Rice, Panang Chicken Curry and Chicken Pad Seiew were all wonderful. Very quick and efficient service.
5	Found out about Thai Gourmet from Yelp. Based on the reviews was looking forward to it, needless to say my friend and I were not disappointed. While overlooking the menu our eyes got bigger than our stomachs :) We ordered the Pho (they allowed me to sub the beef for chicken), combination fried rice, & Shrimp w/chicken pad thai NOW I wanted a tad spicy but didn't know what I was in for when I ordered it. The flavor of the pad thai was so delicious that despite I was guzzling down water to fight the heat I didn't want to stop. The waitress was very kind and even offered if I wanted them to remake the dish for me. So if you like a little spice be sure to caution them exactly what you can handle. They had good food, decent prices and amazing service, I know they recently opened so I just hope they continue to maintain this level of service.
5	I've heard of this new place an decided to try it. Mom and I got a bit lost, since it's a bit hidden (on the south side of the smoke shop). Awesome authentic Thai food near home, finally!!! You've gotta try the Chicken Satay. The chicken literally melts in your mouth and their peanut sauce is outstanding. I had their Massaman curry and it was incredible. Mom had drunken noodles and dad had Pad Thai noodles. That was delish too. At the end make sure to satisfy your sweet tooth with either a Thai iced tea, Thai iced tea boba, or a Thai iced coffee. Very refreshing, very friendly owners and staff, and definitely worth the bit of a scavenger hunt. We'll be regulars :)
5	Delicious food, affordable prices, friendly staff. This is my new favorite restaurant!
5	Loved their Thai tea! So delish! Food was awesome and the owner was super nice. Had the chicken with panang curry sauce and the coconut soup.  Also had their mango sticky rice for dessert. So yum!
4	FINALLY! A fresh, yummy non-franchise restaurant in the West Valley (Avondale)! I'm a fan!The orders were extremely nice, welcoming. The restaurant was clean and cute. Ordered the Massaman curry & fresh rolls. FRESH & spicy & authentic! They have dine-in and carry-out. They accept credit cards. The restaurant is located in a corner spot in a strip mall, but don't let that deter one from visiting. Fortunately, this place is w/in walking distance from my home and I will certainly be back, to sample other delish meals.
5	Had the potstickers and pad see ewe. Both were amazing.  Price is awesome and portion size is great for the price.  Highly recommend this restaurant.
5	This place is one of my new favorite thai restaurant. The restaurant is clean and I love how our table is covered with white tablecloth. The food is great! My favorite is the tofu fried rice and the panang curry! Coconut soup is good too! We will come back to try some more dishes. The owner is really nice and very friendly. I brought McDonalds because my 8 yr. old brother is allergic to peanuts and seafood and many more (just to be safe) and she ok with it.
4	My second visit brings a new review!  Woo!  Yeah!  ...Yay...?My first visit here was actually last week.  I ordered a Pad Thai to-go and it was some good eats!  I was also super hungry and was taking quick bites while at work so I didn't want to write a review based off that.  So today was my day off and I kidnapped my friend to come dine-in with me.  Our bill came out to be $31.01 for an appetizer, two entrees, and some full bellies!  Here's the break-down:Laab:  I've never ordered laab before and I'm beginning to wonder why I wasn't shown the light earlier.  The "meat salad" as described on the menu actually had tripe!  I was pleasantly surprised and it was tasty!  I'm not sure if I was eating it right but I ate it like a lettuce cup appetizer.  Hey, if I see little leaves of lettuce and giant slices of cucumbers, I *will* use it!  Anyways, the flavors were amazing --- the lemongrass made every bite fragrant, the kaffir leaves gave it deep subtle notes, and the mild chili spice allowed for you to taste the yummy tripe mixture.  Although once I ran out of lettuce, things got a bit too salty but it's nothing a little rice can't help diffuse.  I'm so thirsty though!Massaman Curry Combination:  Massaman curry is my favorite.  I think potatoes and curry are soulmates.  They're Ken and Barbie, Clark Kent and Lois Lane, a Pop Danthology mashup!  They just belong together!  Anyways, the curry came out in a giant bowl of steamy wonderfulness complete with a radish flower garnish.  The tofu was little blocks of yumminess, the potatoes just melts in your mouth, the carrots added some bites of sweetness, the chicken tasted like chicken (or Pikachu if you were to ask Brett B.), and the curry was so dang tasty.  I could've ate the whole dang thing if I didn't have the appetizer and the other entree to eat from.  Pad Phrik Prow Combintion:  This was also a new dish for me.  I've never had it before so maybe I'm not the best person to ask but it was delicious!  It had good flavor and anything with baby corn makes me a happy happy girl.  The portion seemed a bit small compared to the curry though but I still found myself having to get a doggy bag for this dish (and the other two too!).Overall I had a lovely late-lunch at Thai Gourmet.  I apologize for making such a mess.  My fork kept falling out of the rice bowl...  Let me blame the bowl and save what little dignity I have left.  T_T  Service was friendly, restaurant was clean, and food was served in a timely manner.  I also like how they're right by Purcell so I can spend my time creeping on my friend who works there (Big Brother is watching!).  Anyways, Thai Gourmet comes highly recommended.  I think I want to try the Mango Curry and the Tom Kha the next time I'm in.  I regret saying that I forgot my leftovers in my friend's car and now I'll be depressed for the rest of the night.  Excuse me while I play some Coldplay.Oh yeah, the waiter was kinda cute too.  :)
5	I tried their eggrolls, pad thai, and house fried rice. All were delicious.. but what stood out to me the most, was their coconut soup! I was impressed with the presentation, and customer service was excellent! Definitely coming back!
5	Very good and very fresh food. I've been here a few times and the dishes are excellent. The customer service is also excellent. You're missing out if you like Thai food and you don't come here. I love supporting small business owners and the owner here is very nice. Great place!
5	This place is awesome. Owner is from Laos. Food is authentic and flavorful. We had 2 of the curries and the soup and it was amazing. Price is  reasonable.  If you are in the area it is a must eat. Most times I don't take the time to write so it is really that good
5	I had the pad thai shrimp and chicken combo and mango curry with white rice (split between two people ) My mother had the laad. First of all the pad thai no peanuts combo was amazing I've always gone to the thai orchard garden and have had thai basil but this place set a higher bar than both! the fresh lime was something I've never thought of. The mango curry-medium spice was heaven on earth especially with the white rice!Lastly the Laad yes, I stole a few bites from moms plate. I'm a HUGE texture eater so I was pretty hesitant. the flavor was spicy and flavorful..you will not loose any flavor from the spice. Portion was more than generous and if you run out of lettuce and cucumbers try it with rice! Ok I guess I'm not done. To top off this hidden treasure I tried the mango sticky rice dessert all I can say is OMG!! 50 cents quote "I love you like a fat kid loves cake" is no more insert now " I love you like a fat kid loves mango sticky rice!"
3	This place was clean as it should be since it is newly opened. The food was good but not great.  I ordered the egg rolls and the wrapper they use are the doughy kind so it is not completely crispy inside.  I love egg rolls but I will not be ordering these again if I ever go back. I also ordered the Laab which I actually liked. Please do note that they put tripe with the beef even though it is not listed on their ingredients. Lastly, I ordered the Panang curry with chicken and it did not look anything like the picture that is shown here on Yelp. The green beans was missing in action and was replaced with button mushrooms which probably explains why it was watery instead of a creamy consistency. This would really suck if I didn't like mushrooms. I'm Asian so I love white rice and their white rice were not the best considering that the white rice I buy for my home is from Thailand.  Overall, my feelings were not hurt with the $30 bill for this dinner but it did not make the list of my favorite new finds.  P.S. The owner has an awesome customer service skills and I think she will do well from what I have observed with her dealings with the other customers. Best of luck!
5	My first review! That's just how great this place was...it drove me to finally sign up for a yelp account and not just read everyone else's reviews ;)This little neighborhood gem is near my mom's house so we decided to give it a try on a whim. SO glad we did!I had the beef pho, which was gigantic and very tasty. My mom had a stir fry dish I believe, which she said was wonderful as well.  I also had the Thai iced tea, which comes with FREE refills!! I couldn't believe it! It was very, very good. The owner even gave me a to go cup of the tea when I left :)Which brings me to the best thing about this place. The service. It was clean, the food was served quickly, and all the employees were incredibly friendly. I will definitely be back!
5	First time here. Seen a five star on yelp so I had to try. Sure enough this place is goooood! Not only is the food good, but the staff a super friendly.
5	Lettuce wrap might be the best I've had! Pad Thai beef or chicken are bomb- ask for hot if ur a real man
5	Just tried this place out. Absolutely amazing food and great service. They even gave me a free Thai tea when I was leaving because it was my first time there. I would come back in a heartbeat.
5	Our new thai food favorite. The owner has been here every time and is just so cheery, pleasant and hospitable.  The food is delicious and more than fairly priced. My recommendation would be their pan ang curry, which is just the right amount of sweet. To top it all off the thai teas here come with free refills.
5	This was my first time that I've ever tried Thai food, and i was a little concerned, but  the food is amazing!!! Great customer service, Great food, comfortable environment. I recommend this place to anyone out there looking for some great Thai food. I will definitely come back again!
4	Very clean and relatively new restaurant with quick and friendly service. I decided to eat at Thai Gourmet after seeing all the good reviews and I was definitely not disappointed. We ordered the papaya salad (Thai style) and gyoza appetizers. The gyoza were tasty but I prefer homemade (who doesn't?). The papaya salad, however, was SO GOOD. Had a hint of spiciness without being overpowering and was very flavorful. I am tempted to order it as my entree the next time I visit.I ordered the massaman curry with chicken (they had run out of beef when I asked) while my family ordered the Thai fried rice (chicken), pahd kee mao (chicken) and one of the stir fry dishes (can't remember which, but it was combination meat). The massaman curry was delicious though I was a little disappointed that they had run out of beef. However, it was the end of the night. Because they were out of beef, the stir fry that was ordered with combination meat also didn't have any beef. I don't know if extra portions of the other meats were added in to make up for this. But I noticed that they did not inform us that the dish wouldn't have beef in it--when the server came back to our table, he said only that they were out of "massaman beef" and not beef in general. Did not personally try the fried rice but my father, who is extremely picky, absolutely loved it. However, my brother, who is also picky, said the pahd kee mao was just "okay" (it's normally his favorite dish).Thai Gourmet is family-run but our food still seemed to arrive quickly despite having only one (maybe two?) chefs in the kitchen. I think if you come with a very large group then you might have to deal with only a couple of people getting their food at a time. Our group was small so it was pretty unnoticeable. Everyone there is super friendly and the environment was bright and clean.I knocked one star off since my family thought the pahd kee mao and stir fry was mediocre and because of the missing beef (and lack of notification) in the combination stir fry; however, I think Thai Gourmet is definitely worth a visit if you like Thai food. I'll definitely come back the next time I visit Phoenix.
5	What a great place to eat. Yummy food, clean, fresh ingredients, and the service was A+. We had the Lo Mein noodles, house fried rice, sweet and sour chicken and pot stickers. Everything was delicious and I loves how fresh all the vegetables were in every dish. They even gave my 3 year old a quarter for the bouncy ball vending machine after he ate his rice and noodles. This is now our go to lunch.
2	Delighted to see a new Thai place in the SW Valley, especially when it received many great Yelp reviews.  Completely disappointed with our first visit.  The 2 stars is, as Yelp states "Meh.  I've experienced better."  That pretty much sums up our feeling about what we tasted.  We didn't hate it nor were we completely grossed out by the food, it just left us entirely unimpressed.  As my husband said "There is nothing distinct about any of the flavors, it just isn't exciting."  We had no complaints about the service and we certainly wish them well, as we prefer to support local businesses, but we hope the food quality will improve.We called in takeout for one order of egg rolls, one Pad Kee Moa (Drunken Noodles) with beef, medium spicy and one Kaeng Peg (Red Curry) with chicken, medium spicy.   The gal who took the phone order was very friendly, as were the counter staff when we picked up.Arriving home, we were anxious to dig in.  The egg rolls may have suffered slightly from sitting in styrofoam for the 15 minute drive back home.  The wrappers seemed a bit greasy.  The pork filling, although tasty, was almost too densely packed, it was more like a giant pork meatball encased in the wonton.When I used to work in Tempe, one of our regular lunch choices was either Thai Basil or Thai Elephant (University locations).  Thai Elephant in particular, is the standard to which I judge all red curry here in AZ. As my old carpool friend used to say "I could drink the red curry sauce."  In comparison, I found Thai Gourmet's much thinner and lacking the pronounced coconut milk flavor I've come to crave.  There were also some grease spots floating on the top of the broth.  Further, this red curry appeared to contain nothing but tiny pieces of chicken and onions, whereas Thai Elephant's is chock full of large pieces of chicken and perfectly cooked broccoli, zucchini, bell pepper, baby corn, carrots, mushrooms and onions.  In Thai Gourmet's version, I finally found a couple small pieces of baby corn and thin slices of bell pepper sunken to the bottom of the bowl.My husband may be a bit jaded by a recent visit to another Thai place during a business trip to eastern Washington, but he too was disappointed by his Drunken Noodles.  He said they just didn't have the depth of flavor that he's come to expect in good Thai food.  As another reviewer commented, the noodles were broken in small pieces.  The vegetables were skimpy cuts and slightly overcooked.Perhaps the regular chef called in sick or was training someone new.  Considering any place can have an off night, we may give them one more chance, but this time just split the pad thai and see how they do with that old standby.  Then, if we are again disappointed, at least it will have been a more economical experiment (I hate wasting dollars from our restaurant budget on mediocre food, but I guess at least it makes us appreciate the gems out there all the more).
5	Oh.  My.  Goodness!!!!!!  Where to start?  I think I have found my new favorite (affordable!) family owned and run Thai restaurant.  Bea and her husband are very gracious hosts and supremely attentive to detail.  Extremely clean restaurant.  They were inspected on March 20, 2014 and they received an "A" rating.Upon walking into the restaurant, my husband and I were greeted warmly and instructed to sit wherever we would like.  The waitresses were very attentive and asked us what we would like to drink.  My husband ordered a Pepsi and I had my favorite Thai tea (SO good!) made with Rooibos tea.  (Here are some of the health benefits of Rooibos and why I LOVE this tea.  http://www.theteatalk.com/rooibos-tea-health-benefits.html).  Unlimited refills for all drinks!My husband and I started off the meal with appetizers.  We shared the pot stickers and the shrimp fresh rolls (rice paper wrapped veggies and shrimp) with peanut sauce.  The fresh rolls were just that - fresh (and delicious!).  The peanut sauce was slightly spicy, however not overpowering at all.   My husband ordered the Combination Pad Thai.  Stir-fried noodles with beef, shrimp, tofu, chicken, eggs, roasted peanuts, scallions, bean sprouts, and tamarind sauce.  He absolutely devoured his meal with nothing leftover.  (For him, that's a good sign that he loved the meal.)I ordered the Shrimp Pineapple Curry.  Simmered red curry with shrimp, pineapple, bamboo shoots, sweet Thai basil, vegetables, and coconut milk.  Served in a large bowl with a ladle and a side of rice to spoon the curry over.  (The portion served could actually serve two people.  I ended up taking my leftovers home.  It's a toss-up of who will end up eating the leftovers since we have a 17 year old growing son who will inhale anything not nailed down in the fridge.)For dessert, Bea brought out some Sticky Rice with sliced Mango.  Good golly Miss Molly!  If you like rice pudding - you will LOVE this dessert!  The sticky rice is simmered in coconut milk until it is nice and tender.  Plated it forms it's own sauce and when mixed with the mango, the taste is pure perfection.***  Lastly, I asked Bea if they give a Military Discount.  YES!  They do give a 10% discount to members of the military.  If you have a military ID, you get the discount.  ***  So, if you know anyone in the military, pass on the name of this restaurant.  They support the military and you can thank them for that support by being a customer at their restaurant.   Bea, thank you for the delicious meal.  We will be back.  :-)
5	First off this restaraunt is my family's. The food is really good. Taste like my dad's cooking. Brings me back to when I was 7 eating big bowel of rice and the peppered steak and the Tum yum soup.
3	Thai Gourmet is located in what was once a Domino's Pizza and if you don't like small places, take-out might be a very acceptable option for this place.  In fact, one person came in to do just that while we were dining here.  Unfortunately, they should have considered removing the counter and expanding the place.  The restaurant has 6 tables for two people and 4 for four.  It's not a tight fit; but you are going to be dining right next to your fellow customers if the place gets full  (and if anyone comes in for a take out order, they'll pretty much be walking right past your table).  That's really not a big deal; we didn't feel cramped in at all.  Now, I recently read here that the place was burglarized.  While I would not wish that even on a place I didn't like, I'm not exactly disappointed the restaurant's two TV sets are gone.  As small as this place is, I suspect two TV sets playing -- even with the sound turned off -- would have been distracting and unwelcome for most people.  Yes, it's true:  the walls ARE painted yellow and the fluorescent lighting doesn't help to dim the brightness of the walls.  For some reason, however, even though we were there at night and this just highlighted the brightness even more, it didn't bother me.The logo on the window is another story.  They have white lettering on the window with the name of their store.  However, the "T" in "Thai" is made to look like a tree and it has an ornament hanging from it.  The problem is it looks a lot like someone being lynched.  I'm not too sure that would go over well, say, in the Deep South.  For me, it was like something out of a horror film and the only thing missing was a smiling jack-o-lantern.  It was even more obvious from a distance as we drove away.  Might wanna think about a re-design there, folks.  Some especially sensitive minorities might not find it so appealing.As for the food, I concur with most reviewers that it's "meh".  That's not to say it wasn't good or appealing; just nothing to get excited about.  Yes, the Thai Tea refills are free; but remember that they cost $ 3.99 each, where most restaurants charge about $2.50, so unless you have more than one, the refill is sort of priced into the first glass.One thing I WILL say:  portions are quite big.  In fact, one of the servers asked me, unsolicited, whether I wanted a take-out carton halfway through my meal.  Alas, she knows not what she did:  anyone who reads my reviews knows I didn't get my rotund figure by leaving food on the plate.  This time, however, I can understand why she asked:  even I had a tough time getting through the egg roll appetizer and Pad Thai.  They make no attempt to plate the food to make it look like you're getting more than you are and, indeed, they don't have to:  when they brought me my Pad Thai, it was served in what looked like a small bowl.  Very deceiving:  there was a LOT of food.  My other half had massaman curry, that looked more like soup than a curry dish; but it had a lot of meat buried in that "soup" and, except for it being a little too salty, was quite good.  The egg rolls were good and not overly greasy, which is frequently a problem for these thin, small, deep fried appetizers.In conclusion, with the exception of some redecorating giving the place a little more room, this restaurant is more than acceptable for decent tasting Thai food.  The servers are young and inexperienced, but they move quickly and try very hard to ensure you're satisfied.  Prices are more than reasonable, especially for what you get..  Overall, I was happy with dinner; just not sure -- especially compared to the Royal Jasmine a short distance away ---whether it's worth the effort to drive out there.  Nevertheless, I don't hesitate to recommend the restaurant for its good service and decent food ... even with the lynched guy on the window. :-)
5	I stopped by tis place while visitin families....service might be slow but it's worth the wait...the food was really good. The restaurant itself is small but very clean which I love. Overall if you want a good authentic Thai food and if you're in the area..check them out..definitely will be back that is if Im around the area.
5	What a great little place. Some great food and the only downfall is that it is so far from  my house and I'm going to have to drive a ways every time I eat there. The food is good enough that I will happily make the drive.The service was great and the owner is a sweetheart who went out of her way to come out and speak to me and thank me for coming in. Definitely my favorite Thai place and I can highly recommend it.
5	Let me add.....something about those who rate by pure taste of food or one thing or another and everything else is disregarded confuses me.  First off, the Thai food is not the bestest of the world.....but........its pretty dang good for being where its located, for the price, for the conveniance, for the friendly service and clean restaurant and reasonable expediated food times.  It hits all of that.  Is it compared to the best Thai restaurant I've eaten? Never because I knew that going into that.  Its got its own unique and delicious taste on some of the things Im used to ordering.  Tom ga kai; mussaman, etc.   all delicious.  This is a great Thai place with great service and food.  If people could quit comparing silly things....errrr...Thai tea wasnt icey enough.....3 stars....errrrrrr.....Its near an auto repair shop hidden behind a mexican sandwich shop....3 stars....errrrr.....not the best thai food and ive been to bankok.....errrrr... shush it already and rate on everything all together....you know, like service, food, ambiance, conveniance, etc. etc.
5	We were out on the west side and used Yelp to find somewhere for lunch. Glad we stumbled on this hidden gem. We ordered the Chicken Satay, the Red Curry with Chicken and Beef Panang. All were delicious. We like things hot but the "hot" was just  a tad too hot but still very very very good.  The service was great and the owner checked on us often. Definitely recommend.
5	Really fabulous food. Freshness, quality - and amazing, delightful flavors. The staff and owners are wonderful and warm.
2	Ok.just got done eating my take out .1 . I got Laab for appetizer it way to salty .and I thought  was it supposed to be sour not salty.2 . Pah Thai tofu its ok .3 Pa Nang beef once again too much salt .the flavor is not to bad . I definitely will give it anoyher try next time . May have to ask them not to put to much salt .
3	Well first time here been looking for a good Thai place on the farther west side. At first impressions the restaurant is very clean but also empty that sometimes concerns me. I will say that the location is not the best I past it the first time and it is very small. Staff was very friendly and I ordered a Thai tea and she convinced me to add boba. I ordered the phad Thai and pot stickers as an starter. Tea was good but I like boba I know allot don't. I did think it was funny that either they had a tv or are getting a tv because only the mount and cables were on the wall.Starter came very fast and they were not only plated awesome but tasted great. If left now we would be great. But then my phad Thai arrived now I have had this dish to many times to count and is always my go to dish. This is where we run into problems now I want to preface this by stating in no was this dish bad in anyway but I will say I ordered it mild so maybe that is why it was bland while eating it I kept thinking of spaghetti. But that being said I ate the whole dish. I will come back and try this place again. Let's see if they read the reviews and filter out the constructive post. On a side note I did think it was awesome that they had real wooden chop sticks.
4	I did a take out order, this was my first time here. The food was good and the hot is really hot. The location is small and has tables to dine in. The order was ready on time. I enjoyed it and would go back.
4	The food was delicious and the service was amazing. Small place, but the owner and cook were very nice people and always made sure we were receiving excellent service. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking for an authentic Thai/Lao cuisine.
5	More flavor than a Muay Thai kick in the mouth! No better way to beat the heat than a Thai iced tea and some spicy ass noodles! I hit up the drunken ones with shrimp and ordered it hot. The brave might want to try the Thai hot but you better have a high tolerance for heat!
5	We really enjoy this local thai joint.  The staff is extremely attentive and the take out is great too.  We have been here 10 times an have enjoyed it every time.  My original rating was a 4 just because I like to make certain before giving a 5.  I'm now at a 5!
5	There are a few Thai restaurants in this area, but none better than Thai Gourmet! We ordered Chicken Satay, Pad Thai, Beef Masaman Curry, Pho, and Sticky Rice and Mango for dessert. All were absolutely wonderful and had fresh ingredients and authentic Thai flavor. The staff were very friendly, prompt and courteous. The owner personally ensured we had everything made just the way we wanted, and genuinely cared that we enjoyed our dining experience. If you like Thai food, this is the place to get it!
5	Always had great service when we go here. Thai tea is great! The volcano chicken is pretty spicy but it is delicious. Everything you get is fantastic. Sweet and sour chicken and pad Thai are our favorites.
2	All the rave reviewers need to calm down!  This place is okay, not great, just okay.  Let's start with a Thai staple, Tom Kha Gai (Chicken coconut milk soup).  First off their soup has vegetables in it that I've NEVER had in any Thai soup before - very weird to have bell peppers and bok choy in this soup.  Also the absence of Kaffir Lime leaf is astounding for a Thai joint.  This is such a distinct flavor that MUST be in this soup, otherwise it's a failure - I'm sorry, lime zest doesn't cut it.The curries are quite good.  I've had Massaman, Panang and Green.  All very good.  It's okay for a west valley Thai if you live in the area and don't want to drive far.  Otherwise, Royal Jasmine on Indian School (east of Pebble Creek), Siam Thai (51st ave and Northern) and Bangkok BBQ (T-Bird & 51st) are all superior to Thai Gourmet.
2	How unfortunate that the owner hasn't figured out how to include credit card fee into prices. Be aware that you will be asked of it's ok to charge .75 for the card transaction. "No it's not ok. I just spent $30 for dinner and now you want to charge this?"  Response is "yes our machine charges per transaction."  My response is "where's the signage for that?"  Waitress says oh it's on that sheet on the wall. I said I'm sitting on he other side of the restaurant. So even though I protested this, it gets charged. Then why ask if it's ok? I can't believe the owner expects their patrons to read obscure signage. If the charge is that important, put it on the menu. Or hire an accountant to help you with how to price your food to include overhead.  On another note, the menu does not list drinks. So again it's a mystery on how much Thai tea costs. As for the food, it was ok. The potstickers could have been cooked a bit longer. The mango and massam curry bowls were fairly fresh.Tables were dirty. Windows were filthy. Maybe with the .75 the owner can buy some windex at the dollar store. The waitress worked hard to wait on tables. Having to walk around half the restaurant because there is not a pass thru at the counter was unpleasant to watch. There are plenty of other Thai restaurants around without the issues.
5	Had a ridiculous lay over in Phoenix so I got a chance to check this place out. Everything we had, super taste. I am very partial about my Penang curry, pretty much there's only a few places that do it right, and this places is one of them! So tasty! The mango curry was also great and the Thai fried rice was delicious. Totally worth going off my low carb diet for a day
4	I had to give it the four stars because my wife loved her curry and I thoroughly enjoyed mine. I had the mango chicken curry and my wife had the pineapple chicken curry and both were well balanced in flavor. The sweetness from the fruit was perfectly offset by the spiciness and the coconut cream gave the curry a great texture. We also ordered the 'fresh rolls' aka spring rolls and they were good but nothing out of the norm. The young waiter was very polite and prompt.
4	Well let me start with the fact that they offer a 15% military discount. The owners are very friendly as well as the staff. The tea was probably the best I've ever had and the spring rolls were amazing. I had the panang curry which was amazing and a good sized portion. My husband ordered the drunken noodles which was also great. The food came out hot and in a timely manner. We ordered the spring rolls which come in three per order which I think is a odd number (literally) because unless you are in a group of three or alone someone is going to lose out on a roll. The location is not ideal but I think the food and staff make it worth the trip. We will for sure be back.
3	This place was nice. The location is small but the layout is not cramp, of course, we arrived as they opened so we were the only ones there. The food isn't much to rave about, it's decent enough but it is far from the best Thai I've had. The fried rice was a bit salty. However, the service was excellent. Quick and friendly. After our meal, the owner came out to ask how everything was.
5	Amazing food and service. Authentic and sweet ( no surprise) Thai owners. Thai coconut Tom kha soup with shrimp was best we have ever had. Very flavorful with al dente vegetables. Same with panang curry with tofu. Excellent flavor and texture. Restaurant very clean, bright inside and nice simple decor. I will definitely come back. My favorite Thai restaurant in whole valley.
3	From the reviews I thought this place was going to be great but was kind of disappointed overall. Beef and chicken were bland in the pad Thai and pad see ew. Also too spicy and a lot of onion. The egg rolls were actually very good so that's why I gave 3 instead of 2 stars. $30 for takeout for 2 I would have expected a little more.
5	Combination Fried Rice is fantastic the flavor is really good. The Fresh rolls are wonderful. The vegetable, shrimp, and meat in it taste fresh. My daughter had Pad Seiew and she loved it !  Service gets a thumbs up. We will come back and try different items on the menu!
