4	This one is open 24 hrs and has a red box!
5	Those 5 stars are for the Take Care Clinic inside Walgreens. This was my first time at this location, but have frequented other locations and have never been dissatisfied. The Nurse Practitioners here beat the experiences I have had in finding or going to a regular family physician (so, besides me getting plagued with respiratory infections twice a year, this is why I frequent the clinic.) Hardly ever a wait, registration is electronic, and the Rx is right there. So much better than being processed in a Dr.'s office by 4 different people who seem to hate their job. I feel bad as I cannot remember the Physician's name that helped me last week, but she was awesome. Like I said, they always are - they are like [Mom]. And when I say 'awesome', I mean in that she was actually sincere, gentle, inquisitive without just prescribing me expensive drugs that may or may not work first round so that i have to come back and didn't rush me through the process. I love going to the Take Care Clinics for this reason. It can be a little pricey without insurance, but I feel it is still reasonable. Yeah, I am a sickly person and have to go a couple of times a year - but if I have to go, I go here. They have more of my records than any Doctor's office I can think of.
1	Store, not bad. But STAY AWAY FROM THE PHARMACY. I've taken prescriptions here around 10 times, and all 10 have either been misplaced or screwed up. They are the worst pharmacy I've ever been to, bar none!
3	Not bad for the store itself, great location and it's within easy reach from SR-51 & SR-202 on the corner near Scottsdale Rd. & Shea Blvd.  This store even opens 24/7, which is a plus if you need something in the middle of the night and can't get it anywhere else.
1	Epic failure. I come in an hour after my doctor calls in a script. They tell me it wasn't called in. She then checks their voice mail and tells me it will be 10 minutes. I tell her it's been an hour and she tells me it will be 10 minutes. 20 minutes later the pharmacy pages me to tell me my order is ready for pickup. Talk about being burned out at what she does.
4	If you need a cane, walker or individual gauze pads OR hospital gowns this is your one stop shop along with the various snacks, drinks & last minute birthday gifts.
1	What a waste of time. I waited a hour and half and was told they were too busy for walk ins today I should call and make an appointment. Will never be back. All they had to do is tell me before I waited how rude can someone be. Derek
