1	Wow. From the moment I walked in the door to the moment I stepped outside I felt lost inside a maze. I searched the whole store for an employee. Finally when I found one the next isle over from where I needed to look she just told me it was in the next isle. She was just locking the cabinet and not helping any other customers. Then I proceed to pass by the break room and find practically the entire store in the break room hanging out. So when I am ready to pay I stand in the only check out line while the 2nd employee actually on the sales floor stands at her register cleaning it. REALLY?!?! Do I need another review saying that I work in retail and hold my standards high! This store has terrible customer service. Another reason I will shop Hobby Lobby from now on!
2	-WORST check-out! LONG lines and ONLY ONE cashier working...I think I passed by at least 5-6 employees stocking the store shelves. -The check-out here is almost WORSE than Hobby Lobby!-The MOD (mgr on duty) is not helpful either. Does this person even work here? So clueless about any general questions when I asked.-PARKING is terrible! This Michael's is sandwiched in between a Target and a Starbucks, lots of cars whizzing by and not stopping at the STOP sign, duh! Dodge the cars at your own risk!-Messy Michael's, one of the messier ones that I have been to. The Store Manager obviously doesn't care, because it shows with poor service and a messy store in such disarray. Sad. :(
1	Rude employees.  Don't expect much help. Slowest check-outs EVER.
2	Packed lines so messy I walk in I walk out
2	wife drags me here I could do with out for sure
3	There are things that could be improved at this store- they reorganized since i was last there and it is a bit confusing and with the holidays those middle aisle bins and displays are a bit messy and too much. Their framing department though is great. I've used them a few times over the years to custom frame original artwork and poster imports. I invested in double mats and nice frames and they were done very professionally. I come here for art supplies from time to time as well.
1	The staff over here are really rude and unprofessional. 2 of the employees made fun of my wife's bald head and she stormed out crying.  She shaved her head to help raise cancer awareness.  Our son has cancer and is still going through chemo therapy.  I will never go here again.  I never write reviews for anything but this made me so upset that I had to say something.
