3	Kmart is the "also-ran" of big box stores. I don't know any that have a large grocery section but they do have a decent selection of general merchandise, clothing, personal care, toys, and housewares. I needed to get a plant as a last minute gift for a friend (never show up empty handed!). I had been planning to hit the home and garden department at the store further back in the mall, but gave the Big K a chance. Good move - they had exactly what I needed and at the right price. This makes Bruce a happy shopper!
2	The K (Big, Super or Regular) is the place where retail dreams go to die.At many other establishments, if you need to return something sans receipt, they might give you a hard time, but they will at least courteously tell you that you'll have to pay a reduced price based on the lowest selling price over the last few weeks. And more importantly, they tell you that UP FRONT. At the K - hopefully no relation to the Bruces we know and love here in Crown Town - you have to provide identification, address and phone number before they will even tell you what you can get for your marked-down merch. Then you get to walk about in a daze in the hopes that you can find something else to buy. Or you could donate the card to the needy and let them deal with the problem.Should you decide to walk the aisles of the damned, you are not treated to the relatively bright and well-lit or recently remodeled stores of any other establishment that wants to attract customers. No, here they buy outdated flat screens to seem that they are keeping with the times and hang them from the ceiling. Monitor stands and all. No fancy boxes, just a computer monitor hanging from above. Not even turned on. Really? Had I happened by prior to the holidays, that gift card would have made its way to the red kettle out front - if they would have accepted it.
3	I actually went to this store because I was out running errands and decided to pick up a new bathroom scale... I started out in the front of the store and happened upon a group of employees, working on putting an aisle together... They were having a pretty hilarious conversation, judging only by the volume... I thought I was in the right area, so I didn't ask for help... Turns out I wasn't, so I had to head back over... I said hi and excused myself since they were deep in the throes of their conversation and asked if anyone knew where they kept the scales... Out of the four people, only one of them even acknowledged me... Her answer? I don't even know where they are, they moved them... lol   She DID walk with me to find them in a place she thought they were after she said that...  I was so hoping that wouldn't be the end of the interaction, but the fact that she said it cracked me up... lol  That being said, it's K-Mart... It still has the same old K-Mart smell, cheap prices and layaway that you remember...  But isn't that precisely why we love it?
5	Hello friends,This is probably the BEST K-Mart in a Super PRIME location.  Located across the street from Carolina Place Mall, nice Chain Restaurants, Dick's Sporting Goods, near Home Depot, hotels, hospitals, & a Highway. ^^^ whatever you need is within 5mins radius!Now on to K-Mart itself. I've been to this location a number if times. Always clean, every employee SEEMS nice. I was up & at it early in the morning and every employee I walked pass or walked pass me greeted me with a Good Morning & a smile. Asked if I needed any help etc. I seem to be out early whenever I go shoppin so I usually see people stocking and cleaning.  I would recommend this K-Mart to anyone. I've had good experiences here, I would only hope you & yours can as well. Until next time....TTFN!!
2	I wanted to bring some snacks back to Canada with me that we can't there. K-mart wouldn't be my first choice, but it was right across the street from my hotel so convenience was the factor here. The store wasn't busy, yet it didn't seem to be in the most organized state. Overall, the look of the store just seems to be tired.The cashiers were friendly, but other than a couple of employees stocking shelves the store seemed to be a bit of a ghost town.
1	I have been a long time fan but after having a issue with an item I purchased online this Christmas I will not be shopping here again. I tried to take a item back with the packing slip that came on the item, the associate told me I was unable to do the return with the packing slip but she could do it if I had the email confirmation.. I didn't have it on my phone so I went.. I found the email sent it back to my phone and tried the return again.. todays associate told me I could not do the return with the confirmation email but needed the packing slip.. which I could not find at the time. I asked to speak with the manager on duty which the associate called.. Valencia the manager on duty would not come up to speak with me but told the associate that they couldn't do the return.. I still have this 100.00 worth of stuff I don't need.. I would not recommend anyone from purchasing from Kmart!
