4	Finally open! Subs here so far are Excellent. There are a lot of options on the menu and bread is fresh made with that big mixer in the back. They redecorated the whole place and rebuilt all the counter and table areas. I've been hearing rave reviews from people that have eaten there in other locations and I can confirm, at least with my first sub and the other 30 or so people here at Gangplank that have eaten there already, that Planet Sub subs are in fact... damn good. Think the best of when quiznos was actually good and when subway used to be the shit... it's like that but in one place. :)They say breakfast is coming soon too. WIN. Go there... enjoy... say hi and come over to Gangplank and work and eat :)
4	Planet Sub is great! Definitely stop in if you're sick of your usual sub shop. Tons of interesting menu items, including a From the Sea section, and some Low Carb options. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. I had the Mega Roast Beef sandwich, and the Greek Wrap on two different days, and both were amazingly delicious. They offer the option to toast your sandwiches, and both times I had them toasted, and they were perfect - warm and not too crunchy. The prices are good, and they also do a great job in making party trays.  This location will be introducing breakfasts very soon.
4	Had a veggie sub and it was really quite good. Fresh baked wheat bread, and toasted so the veggies were all yummy-gooey with the cheese. Can't wait to try more, I have a feeling they are going to get a lot of business from me when I'm at Gangplank.
4	I'm so happy these guys are here. I work next door at Gangplank, and the previous sandwich shop in this location was okay, but really started to slide downhill. Planet Sub totally renovated the place (looks great), breathed new life into it, and came out swinging with a diverse and tasty menu. You can really tell they're working hard to make this a great experience, and the sandwiches I've tried so far have been excellent. Look forward to going back soon!
4	Planet Sub is definitely a good option for solid, good tasting subs. I'm next door at Gangplank a couple times a week and we usually hit this place up for lunch. It's much better than the last place that was in this spot, has tons of options (we decided you could eat lunch there for a month and not have the same sandwich), and friendly staff. I'm definitely glad they put this in. It's a great option in the downtown Chandler area.
4	Been looking for a great, quick and cheap (read: Cheaper than a traditional restaurant sandwich) and they've nailed it. I've only had the veggie sandwiches here and they're great. Brought a couple home to my wife and kids (who are vegetarian) and they loved them as well. Good stuff.
5	I have to give it 5 stars.  I went to grad school at KU and lived at the original Planet Sub in Lawrence, KS.  It was called Yello Sub in Lawrence.  The fresh baked bread is what makes these subs.  They have a very diverse menu with lot's of vegetarian options.  My favorites are the Creamy Club and the Californian.  So glad to have "Yello Sub" (here it is called Planet Sub) back in my life.
4	Brak likes.  The sandwiches are very tasty, and the bread, their claim to fame, lives up to the bragging.  The meat & veggie quality seems to be high.  On the downside, the sizes offered are 6" and 12", with the 6" being a bit on the short side for me, and a 12-incher being WAY too big.  Would be nice if the "small" were a 7-incher, or maybe offer 6, 9 & 12?  Also, the sandwiches are a bit heavy on the non-meat items, a la Subway (hate to even use that word in this review), with the meat portions being rather thin, especially given the rather high prices.I've also tried the cole slaw & yellow potato salad, and both were fresh and excellent, though again I thought the portions were rather small relative to the price.All in all, I like the place and now visit regularly.  My minor gripes don't change the fact that they make a very tasty sandwich.
5	Excellent subs, my new go to place since it's walking distance from work, and the people there are very nice and friendly...I highly recommend.
5	Love this place! I work down the street and visit often for lunch.  I have to admit, I have only ever had one thing - I'm a turkey sandwich lover (I know, plain jane) so I go to PS a lot on Turkey Tuesdays. The bread is delish and the turkey and toppings always taste fresh.  My only recommendation would be to not order the 'avocado' because it's actually the guac-style dip instead of fresh slices.  Otherwise, great place. Oh, and another plus, they have Cherry Coke on fountain!
4	Super impressed with the vegetarian options and I love that it is right next door to Gangplank! I get my lunch at Planet Sub and walk on over to the Wednesday Brownbags. Perfect!
5	I tried pesto bellows! Awesome!! The flavor is perfect,  the bread is warm and soft.! I will go back to try something else!
5	Great subs! I recently discovered this gem of a sub shop while having my car repaired down the street. The bread is soft and hot, the meat is fresh and tasty and the veggies are crisp. I have had their featured specialty sub simply called "The Experience" two times now and both times it has been amazing. It has a combination of chicken, jalapenos, banana peppers, cream cheese and bacon, everything is better with bacon, especially this sub. They also have a student meal deal with one of the basic subs such as turkey or ham and cheese with chips and a drink for $5 which I may take advantage of because I am a student at CGCC down the road. The subs are all toasted and they have a wide variety of options including vegetarian and seafood. I will be coming back to this sub shop quite often. Now I want a sub...
4	Good sandwiches. The lady at the register is kind of dumb though.  She might have some mental issues...
4	I found this gem when I was searching for a quick (but not greasy fast food) bite in downtown Chandler. I tried the California Veggie Sub, which was good. Its not the best sub I have ever had but it was healthy, vegetarian and tasty. I was impressed that they had a lot of vegetarian subs, a lot of sub/sandwich shops only have 1 or 2 but they had 6, which all sounded good (actually I didn't look at the menu too carefully when I ordered, and some of the others sounded a lot better than the one I ordered...next time!). The restaurant was nice and clean, and the staff was friendly. I would definitely go again when in the area.
5	We were in downtown Chandler and looking for somewhere to eat.  We've passed the place a couple times before driving, so we decided to check it out today.  The smell of fresh bread when you walk in is amazing, so that was definitely a great first impression.I had the 12" Super Hero and I thought it was great.  The bread was fresh and the meats and cheese in the sandwich were just the right amount.My wife had the Green Turkey.  She was very happy that they had sprouts available to put on sandwiches and liked that their bread was whole wheat.The kids just had basic ham and american and turkey and american sandwiches from the kids menu.  They weren't anything special, but they enjoyed them and finished their food.  That's all I can ask for.We're not often in the mood for sandwiches, but when we are this is definitely a place we'll go to again especially if we're in the area.
2	Only came because i had a coupon. All 3 subs came out cheesy. REAL CHEESY. I had a veggie sub that was 90%  cheese.  Wont be back......
3	Had some subs delivered and the bread was nice and warn had the Planet Sub signature and it was good and delivery time was actually good
4	Stumbled across this place by accident, what a great surprise! Several veggie options and not just iceberg lettuce and sad veggies. I recommend the californian, the flavors were perfect and the bread was soft and crusty. The staff was kind and took time to explain all of the sandwich options, even letting us try samples! Absolutely recommend giving it a try!
5	Nice Surprise!  Stopped by there today just looking for a new place to try and wow they make a darn good sub!  Bread is tinder and the fixins were just right.  I had a sub they recommended, Dagwood's Dream... Ummmmmm super tasty!  Besides the food the place is very nice inside, nice decor and very clean.  I would recommend checking it out!  I'll be back...
3	The subs are fantastic, some of the best i've ever had, but their hours are terrible. Why would you close at 4pm. I don't know how many times I would have gone here but, whoops, no. They close at a ridiculous time when people who are getting off work would like to eat. In the future I'll go to the one 10 minutes away that closes at 9.
4	Good sub joint!  You can get them hot or cold.  Situated in the cool downtown Chandler area ir is good for lunches!I would recommend a little wider chip selection. As far as a sub it is definitely a step, or three, above Subway or Quiznos.
