1	Simple bolt replacement on a wheel. Told me it would be done in two hours. Two hours later they just got around to starting. Am hour further and still not done. Not coming back here.
4	Came to BM needing replacement of front rotors and pads on my Chrysler Town & Country. Ernie was straight up with me and got the job done pretty quickly. Nice that BM has stores in Southern Cal in case of warranty work is needed.I like the lifetime warranty on brake pads!
5	Fast. Honest. Efficient. Affordable.  Don is awesome and funny and he really cares about his customers.  Rich really gives it to me straight every time I go there.  They've done brakes and fixed noises and changed my oil and saved me hundreds if not thousands of dollars.
5	I was very impressed with customer service and honesty with rich!  I had a major oil leak and thought it should have been noticed on my last oil change at another brake master. Rich did a  thorough search and found a faulty Toyota part , even called Toyota to see if it was a recall.  I did opt to call Toyota and see if they would fix it for free... Lucky toyota said yes and rich only charged me 1/2 the time to look at it! Very nice guy
3	Great service. Very fast and reasonably priced.  Only gripe is that the mechanic who test drove my car after replacing my brake pads left the steering wheel filthy with his grease monkey fingers.
5	Simply the BEST! I've been coming here for years now after researching their good reviews & they have NEVER let me down. Don & Janet take good care of my car that's getting old & falling apart. Thank you Brake Masters for being the most honest mechanics in Vegas! In the past 2 years I have taken my car to them for Brakes & they have told me I don't need brakes yet instead of ramming me & saying I do. When I got my front finally done they sd u have awhile before u need back brakes. Today we dropped my car off for a check engine light & they cld & said a minor issue, gave me estimate n had my car ready within the hour. A minor repair at minor cost because they're HONEST!
5	Some of the most honest and trustworthy mechanics! I wouldn't go anywhere else! I definitely recommend them.
5	Spoke with the manager don and I was amazed to find how honest he was about the repairs that I needed done. I had gotten several opinions from other places regarding the issue I was having with my steering wheel shaking while applying the brakes and all of them came up with the conclusion that I needed new rotors and brake pads for the front two wheels. All of the other places quoted me with prices that I knew were to high for the labor that needed to be done so I decided to take a chance here. Don had them check out my car first to determine if I even needed new rotors and he found that the brake pads and rotors were fine. So he told me to go return them and that the issue was with my inner wheel. He fixed the problem and now my car is back to normal. His price for this was also very reasonable! I will be taking my car back to get my a/c looked at. I highly recommend this place!
5	Ever seen an old tv show where the service station actually gave you "SERVICE" and wish you had a time machine to go there to get work on your car?I give you that time machine by heading over to Don and his staff at Brakemasters!They have serviced our car a few times for various ailments. The price was always fair and the work was always done impeccably. It's a clean shop and they are straight shooters and they obviously love cars! What a pleasure. Can recommend without hesitation.
1	This was my second visit to Brake Masters on Tropicana and it will be my last. I had purchased a card to get service and oil changes (3) for $35 from groupon for Brake Masters. On my first they changed the oil in my wife's Camry and gave me a long list of items they said needed attention one of them being that it needed a new air filter. I had just put one in 2000 miles before so I told them not today. When I got home I checked things out under the hood and they had left a bolt out of the filter housing and now it is lost.I thought oh well it was just an oversight and would try again with my Jeep. So I take it in and they do an oil change and filter and were supposed to lube it. They get it done in less than 30 minutes and I am on my way. I went to put the receipt away and notice on it that they used 5w-20 oil in it and so take it back. The manual says that grade of oil is only to be used if maximum temperature will be 60* . So the manager says ok we'll make it right and gets it on the rack they drain the oil and start to lower it down so I asked what about the filter it has 1/2 qt of wrong oil. So the guy asks the manager and he said ya go a head and change it again. So they change it and drain the new one and put it back in the box to be used on someone else's car also the oil they drained out they put in a clean pitcher and poured it back into the oil tank. Now all the oil is contaminated with the mixed oil from my jeep and the new oil.Then the manager tells me that the 5w20 is a better choice than the required 5w-30 that jeep recommends. This in my opinion is reason enough to not go back, until I climb und the jeep and find that they did not grease anything and also disconnected the breather for front differential at the pumpkin which if I was to go through any water would contaminate the oil.The total lack of concern on what type of oil and lack of skill that they have at this business warrants not going there again. I hope this helps at least one other person. I you do go there please double check their work.
1	Came in because my boyfriend's truck needed work, so I had them do their free brake inspection as well for my car. This took three hours...2 1/2 hours longer than I was told. My tires were not put back on properly, and were noticeably unbalanced after leaving their shop. One of their workers (an older gentleman, presumably a manager) brought me their report, which said my rear brake pads had about 20% left (or a few hundred miles or so) -True-and needed to be changed soon, my left side front had a piston or caliper issue-also True, but VERY minor- and both front sets of brake pads needed to be changed right away-VERY NOT TRUE. He then tried to upsell me on their platinum package which would have amounted to somewhere near $200 for one axle. I thanked him for the report, then went to autozone, got my own brake pads, and did the job myself. Nice enough people, but get ripped off at your own risk. Go to Mr. Brake instead!!
5	I can not say enough great things about this place. My husband and I are in town for two days from Los angeles. We had a car issue and a good friend recommended Brake Masters. We took our car in this morning. What I like is that they are honest people. Their prices are listed. They don't take advantage of people. There were several people who were ahead of us and i was amazed at how inexpensive their services were. Mainly, this place doesn't try to sell you stuff you don't need. They don't make commission, so their goal is to get you in, fix you up and get you out. I would trust taking my car here again if we were in the area again. 5 stars for good customer service and honesty - which are two hard things to find these days
5	Best mechanic shop I've found in the LV Valley! I've been going here exclusively for several years. The manager Don is great - straight shooter, honest, affable, and has excellent customer service skills. Don and his employees have never tried to up sell me, they have told me a few times that my vehicle is good for a little bit longer (new brakes). His techs are honest and friendly and have let me back in the garage to show me what they were talking about with regard to my vehicle. A few times I've had minor vehicle issues (air filter install, bolt replacement, leak inspection, etc) and they haven't charged me. If you want old fashioned customer service, unbeatable prices, and quality repairs this is THE place to go!
5	I can confirm what many others experienced here at Brake Masters on Tropicana--very fair prices, and treated very respectfully. Don the manager was very professional and personable. He diagnosed the problem first, called me to tell me the problem, and quoted me a fair price. No add ons, no hustles, no surprises. The brakes are working well. Go to them if you're needing brake work, and if you're in the area.
5	I have to say the people here are very professional and I be more than happy to recommend anyone I know to get their vehicle serviced here
4	Very professional and honest owner. Work done was excellent.highly recommended!
4	It's always great to find honest mechanics who are passionate in what they do. I brought a car to get some brake services here and they did a great job. Very honest in their labor rates aswell. I would also do my oil change here sometime.
5	My husband and I go to brake masters every time we need an oil change, brakes, or pretty much anything to be fixed. Don the Manager and his crew are very professional and there prices are always cheap and fair.This is our #1 place and we always recommend Brake Masters to our friends and familyThanks Don and Crew for always doing such a Great Job!
5	Great Service! The owner and mechanic's gave me an honest assessment of what was wrong with me vehicle when I thought it was something completely different. I'm glad that I came here to get my car serviced and will come back in the future.
