5	Camelback Crossfit is a world class Functional Fitness gym located in South Scottsdale, or SoSco, if you're that guy. It's safe to say that these gyms all have the same stuff in them, but CBCF  has one thing, that no other gym does- Coach Matt. Coach Matt is a tremendous fitness expert who provides quality instruction and training to all the members of the gym. Coach Matt is super encouraging, positive, and highly knowledgeable in all things fitness. In addition to knowing his stuff, Coach Matt also fosters a positive environment throughout the entire gym, so that none of the typical gym douchiness or cliques are a factor. All the other athletes at CBCF are very helpful and encouraging.CBCF has competitive athletes, regular people, newbies, and people like me who are clueless. Regardless of what group you align with, you will find a comfortable fit at CBCF!  Everyone is welcome, and the veterans there are super helpful and supportive.I can not recommend this gym highly enough. If you're ready to change your life- stop your search and get started. Coach Matt and CBCF can help you reach all your fitness goals. If you are ready for an amazing experience, where you will work hard, and reap the benefits, then check it out.Why not you?
5	I love this community!!  When I started 4 years ago I was out of shape and overweight(no one told me this at the time!).  Today, with the help of all the great coaches, I feel like the sky is the limit!  If you're looking for a change form the same ol' boring gym workout, there is no better place than Camelback Crossfit!
5	Do yourself a favor and hit up this gym! The coaches, workouts and overall community are the best in the city. You'll thank me later!
5	Awesome facility, tons of space, great coaches always there to teach you to do it right. Best decision I've made in fitness.
5	Love this gym. Used to be at a box in chandler and these guys do it better for less cost. Great location and awesome facility. They have me excited to work out again. Would recommend to anyone looking to find an affordable crossfit in Scottsdale or just trying to get involved with xfit. Beginner classes are very friendly and informative. Been crossfitting for a year and and am learning new things here every day. Best gym in the area.
5	Let's see where to start... I original joined this gym (Box) in January 2014 when it was known as Scottsdale Health Care (SHC). So, I too was recently on Yelp, looking for the perfect fit.As such, I was skeptical of a lot of reviews because of biases or a person's one bad experience. With that said I would like to add my review to help you.I must warn you though... I'm obsessed with Camelback Crossfit (CBCF); it's like a 2nd home, and I have no intentions of vacating anytime in the near future. I'm going to squat here until I die! The review is most definitely going to be a little biased. I mean what would you expect? That was a rhetorical question. I will however try my best to be as neutral as possible, or a voice of reason so to speak.Atmosphere:  Now you have to understand, at the end of the day, I am an introvert. During the rest of the day it just depends on whether or not I made it to CBCF, or if I am Hangry, or Sleep Deprived, the Vibes (Yep! Said it) around me, and/or alcohol :p.This makes interacting with new people in an unknown territory a lot of work! I will also state the fact that I did try out a couple other Crossfit gyms, of which, I had friends at, until I found CBCF.Justly so, the atmosphere makes this place, like so many have said before. I was content with getting in, doing the work out and leaving. Now I get there early, shoot the shit during, and hate leaving after. I've never had that feeling at any other gym in my life! It's just something you have to come and feel for yourself. Feel them vibes!WOD (Work Out of the Day):A different hour long adventure every day! Very rare to do something twice in a month, except for weightlifting, but they differ in set and reps each week.Here's honest for you... It won't be easy at first, Crossfits a whole different workout, but you'll make it through and be damn proud of it!They've also recently added new classes such as Crossfit 101 & 102, Olympic Lifting, and Running Endurance & Mobility. There's whisper of a Yoga class being added too!People:Do you know how hard it is to be cordial at 5 in the morning? Would you believe me if I told you I was warmly welcomed at 5am? Do I need to expand more on the people/community of this place?How often have you competed against friends who are cheering for you before, during, and after?People who challenge you to get one more rep? Or add 5 more pounds on the bar? Who want to see you grow into the person you dream of being physically and mentally? And as the days and months go on I continue to become friends with more and more old and new members alike here.Coaches:I have had the privilege of being trained by Matt, Dom, and Rob, but will not forget to mention Brady.All of whom are constantly improving everyone's form on lifts and movements alike, as well as motivating people to their next plateaus. They truly know what they are talking about and rightfully so given the title Coach.Remember that atmosphere I was talking about? The coaches here are the driving factor behind it and have earned respect, not asked for it.You won't come into this place and be forgotten about!Price:Can't beat it! At least for a Crossfit Membership. Yes, I do know, I count shit for a living, and it was a big factor when I initially chose CBCF.$115 for an individual. Discounted to $100 for Military (thank you btw) and students. $200 for 2 family Members.Why I chose Camelback Crossfit: See above
5	Been coming to camelback crossfit for the past 2 months now and it has been a fun and welcoming experience. The workouts are well planned out and challenging. The coaches are great and really encourage you in the right way. I really like how they advise me to use a safe amount of weight. They really want you to have a safe workout and dont pressure you to be lifting crazy amounts of weight overnight! The group that works out at this gym are the BEST! Everyone is super nice and really encouraging. Crossfit can be very intimidating and I felt welcome right away!
5	herniated discs in my neck 2 years ago, and i can no longer do my beloved jiu jitsu. after getting over my whininess, i came across this place and the offer for a free class. i'm really stoked that i may have found my next new intense workout. matt, the owner, contacted me personally to set up a time and what would work for me since it would be my first time in a crossfit gym (or box). i was skeptical, thinking he was going to try a hard sell on me afterwards. the first thing i noticed was how big and organized everything was. it's full of great stuff to lift, push, pull, whatever. and some confusing white boards. i'm not new to fitness, so i figured i could just watch everyone else and figure it out. Matt and his team guided me on what to do and to help me set a baseline for my lifts. the second thing i noticed is how friendly EVERYONE was! i was greeted by nearly everyone in the gym, and a few helped me out on how to do certain moves and the "etiquette" of the gym. all were smiling and seemed to really be enjoying the workout. afterwards, i wasn't too tired, which was disappointing. but the next day...oy vey, my hamstrings were sooooo sore! and so were many other of my muscles. it is a great gym in a new location. i hope to be back as soon as i loosen back up a bit. and no....Matt didn't hard sell me! he just smiled and said "hope you come back"! thanks Camelback Crossfit for an excellent introduction to the crossfit phenom.
5	You can't go wrong choosing Camelback CrossFit. The workouts are well planned, the coaches are knowledgable and friendly, and the people who you meet here become your family. Cost-wise it's also one of the most affordable CrossFit gyms in the valley! I love working out here and would recommend it to any of my friends looking to get fit.
