5	I've been a big fan of the original Windy City Beef N Dogs location on Lake Mead since its first week. I'm thrilled to welcome a second location and as an added bonus it's even closer to home. The new space is next to Boodles Lounge. They'll be keeping later hours than the original location, hours are 11am-9pm daily, but they intend to keep the grill going as long as there are hungry folks to feed. It has the potential to be great late night grub.No matter the hour, the food is just as well done as it is over on Lake Mead. Italian beef and Chicago dogs are still top notch, and they've added additional menu items like the gyro, corned beef ruben, and pizza puff combo.Now, with two locations a taste of Chicago is easier than ever to be had.
5	I've been looking for a place in town that had an authentic Vienna beef Chicago dog and good juicy Italian beef and have found the perfect place in WINDY CITY!!!!   There was a great Groupon the other day that the Mrs and I bought in on but coupon or not this place is worth the trip for those craving Chicago Street Food or something a little different than the "dirty water dawg" and fast food fare!see ya next week :)
1	Sigh... duped again! I'd been hankering for a good ol' Chicago dog using Vienna beef. I was excited to try this place especially since LivingSocial had a $7 for $15 deal. We really wanted to like this place, but alas it was not to be. We sat at a table and ordered the 2 Chicago dog and fries combo ($6) and the 6" Italian beef and sausage sub ($8.95). It seemed to take forever to get our food (more than 30 minutes) even though the place was not busy. In fact, my wife pointed out that this guy, who came in and ordered AFTER us, got his take-out order at least 15 minutes BEFORE us. Finally our food arrived, but it was well below par. Both dogs, although cooked, were barely above room temperature and the buns were soggy. As for the Italian beef and sausage sub, the beef was decent but there wasn't very much of it. There was a good amount of sausage, but it was still pink in the center and didn't seem cooked through. The bun was, as my wife would say, wasted carbs. The fries were okay and nothing special. Actually, the waitress mistakenly brought us a second side order of fries. When we pointed this out, she said she realized it after the fact, but wasn't going to take it back. Although we generally love fries, we didn't feel the second bag was worth eating. When the bill came, we didn't appreciate being charged an extra $1.50 for sweet peppers, cheese, and giardiniera when the waitress made it sound like they were included options at no additional charge. I don't mind paying a little more for certain extras, but at least make it CLEAR that there is an additional charge instead of subtly slipping it onto the bill. We didn't have high expectations for ambiance, but walking though a smoky bar in the next room over to access the unkempt restroom was off-putting to say the least. Even if we had enjoyed the food, the prices are somewhat expensive for what you get, but it was a very poor value overall given the disappointingly sub-par quality. Hot Dog Haus and even Sonic are MUCH better alternatives. For the best value, you can't beat the hot dog cart at the Suncoast at 75 cents for a hot dog made with Vienna beef.
4	I'm no expert hot dog taster but this place was awesome. I had the spicy polish sausage and a bite of spouse's hot dog and beef sandwich with giardinara. All 3 were tasty, but if I had to do it again I would get the 2 hot dog meal and make someone else get the sausage and/or beef sandwich so I can have a bite.  The fries were really good, a little spicy but also a smidge too salty. Service was friendly and they were cool with the groupon.
1	The Skinny: hot dogs, served cold, in a soggy  bun while the Italian sausage was undercooked (1) Service: slow - waited 30+ minutes for 2 orders, the bathroom is located in the adjacent smoky vlt bar area... not family friendly, and the waitress upcharged us for stuff without informing us (1), value: stay away unless you love being overcharged for underwhelming food (1) I feel in love with the Chicago hot dog after heading to the Windy City. So we've been looking for a wonderful hot dog just like the ones on that trip several years ago.Hearing about a place that is complete with the classic Vienna sausage, we were excited about coming here. We used a Living Social deal which, at the time, appeared to be icing on the cake.Knowing that my hubby was planning on ordering a dipped beef sammy, I advised him to eat in because I didn't want the bun to be overly soggy. Little did I know what a bad decision that was.Service was painfully slow. We waited 30+minutes for them to prepare 1 hot dog, 1 sausage/beef sandwich and a side of fries. And the sausage was pink in the middle. Oh yes! the time that it took to get our order obviously had nothing to do with actual cooking time in the kitchen. Did I also mention that a fellow who had a takeout order after us received his food much sooner than ours did?Okay, back to the food. I really couldn't tell if they were real Vienna sausages or not because the wiener was stone cold.  Real Vienna sausages exude their inner juices with the crisp snap of the casing.  Not so here. Throw it a soggy bun complete with finger imprints on it (gross!), you have yourself one of the worst hot dogs I've seen in a long time.The sausage and beef sandwich was a bit better because we accepted that it was going to be messy and soggy in the first place. However, like I mentioned before, the sausage was definitely not cooked thoroughly. It was also very skimpy on the underseasoned beef. The addition of giardiniera, cheese and sweet peppers did make the whole thing more palatable.Unfortunately, the items that made the sandwich more edible were an undisclosed upcharge of $1.50.  Yes. the mere sprinkling of the scant amount of toppings were $0.50 each. We were not informed of this upcharge at the time of ordering and it does not appear on the front part of the menu (only briefly mentioned on the backside).The bags of french fries were okay, but let's face it, it wasn't anything that were super special by any means. I would certainly not have ordered these if there was an upcharge.Finally, the ambience. Definitely not a place you want to take the kids because in order for you to use their rather dubious restroom, you're required open a firmly closed door and walk through an extremely smoky bar/vlt area.Overall, given the dismal service and the poor food, I would give this a 1 star review.
3	Wow. Food is great. Service was great. I really enjoyed dinner here. My only complaint I the smoke from the bar next door blows into the dining area.
3	The food is just as tasty as Windy City Beef and Dogs located at Buffalo and Lake Mead. Which if you notice I gave 5 stars based on the chili dog and chili cheese fries. This place is hard to find, there is a small sign on the north end of the parking lot, and at first I thought I was walking into a doctors office. Once I went inside I was overwhelmed with cigarette smoke. I guess they share the space with the bar next store. GROSS... I've heard of smoked beenie weenies but this was just nasty.   There is no soda refill machine like at the other location. All sodas were in the plastic bottles. :(. This place does not have that Chicago feel.    If you live closer to this one then I recommend calling in your order for pickup, unless the smoke doesn't bother ya'.
5	As a person recently introduced to traditional Chicago food, this was my second experience and I have to say it was phenominal.  Walking out knowing you ate alot and wait well is what its all about!  This truly is a hidden gem in Fabulous Las Vegas.
5	I'm a newcomer to the world of Chicago Food and I have to say this was a great experience.  Good Affordable Food and I left Full!  Friendly Staff! Definitely a hidden gem in Las Vegas!!!
5	The negative reviews here are DEAD WRONG or  written by people that don't know Chicago dogs, beefs or Maxwell Street Polish' served at a TYPICAL Chi town hot dog stand.   This place hits the mark dead on and is just perfect for what it is; a Chicago hot dog place done in the traditional Chi-town manner. The  all beef Vienna hot dogs have that familiar "snap" at each bite, the neon green relish, and the ledgendary celery salt and poppy seed bun. Perfectly executed.  As for the Italian beefs, this delicousy couldn't get any closer to the real Mccoy. The beef was EXACTLY as you get from Als, Chickees, Portilios or Johnnies (all famoius beef joints in Chi town).  All the accutremnts were in existence here,  from the au jus, giadinaire peppers, perfectly flavored and cooked and thinly sliced beef and the Gonella roll.  IF I had to give a slight ding, it would be about the roll. Gonella bread is shipped in and I can tell it is true Gonella, but it is not fresh daily, thus causing the sandwich to fall apart a bit when dipped...and a true Chicagoan DIPS the beeefs COMPLETELY.  ;-))  So the bread is a few days old which causes it to lose its ability to stay solid during the wet/dipping. Tastes great though.  As for the atmosphere, this place is typical of a Chicago hot dog "stand". Wood paneled walls, Chicago Cubs and sports team memoribilia and lots of mismatched chotchkies strewn about. Just like Chicago back-in-the-day homes and happy about that! If you want "fancy" go to an over priced strip hot dog joint or the HORRIBLE carts in the sports books. YUCK. Those AIN'T Chicago.  Nor is the Sonic version. Not close. Lastly the owners are true Chicagoans; warm, friendly, funny and ingraciates their clientele. Nice folks, great hot dog stand fare, and just what one should expect from a Chicago classic. The one and only, CHI TOWN DOG!
3	Wow. Food is great. Service was great. I really enjoyed dinner here. My only complaint I the smoke from the bar next door blows into the dining area.
