4	For our anniversary a few years back, we decided to rent ATV's and go out riding. Our experience levels are pretty different.  My wife had never been on an ATV before, and I got my first one when I was 6.   I rode all the time when I was a kid, but hadn't been on one in about 15 years.   After doing our research, we contacted Kim at Above All ATV and booked a private tour.  (It was called something else then, but it's the same people)  We booked a package that included 2 hours with 2 ATV's, safety gear, and a tour guide to show us the ropes.  The equipment was top notch, and the safety gear was all nice and well kept.  After a brief  "get to know you" session, the guide took me out for some practice runs for about 15 minutes to get me used to being on board again, and then we went back and grabbed Jena,  He spent the whole 2 hours with her, puttering around and getting her comfortable with the ride, and I tooled all over the place, driving circles around them.  I'd ride about 1/2 mile in front of them, and then turn around and race as fast as I could to about 1/2 mile behind them, and then come back and putter along with them for a while before taking off again.It was the most fun and the most DAMNED exercise we've ever done together.   We couldn't wipe the smiles off of our faces, and by dinner that night, we couldn't lift our forks we were so sore.  Best day ever!Since then, we've had a baby, and it's hard for us to get away for a day to be able to ride, but I guarantee you that sooner or later we will book another day in the desert, and when we do, Above All ATV's is who we will call.  It was insane how much fun we had that day, and we still talk about it now.These guys offer a great package at an affordable price.  If you are even considering it, call them.  You won't be sorry.
5	4 of us guys on a Bachelor Party in Vegas had an awesome experience  with the ATV's here. Our guide was James, who's the son the of the business owner. Incredible guy. Very knowledgeable, helpful and an all round fun guy to be around. He picked us up from our hotel and took us to the shop to complete some paperwork, then drove us to the terrain. TBH, it's a little on the expensive side but that's because it's Vegas. The other guide, Richard, was also very cool.The ride itself was amazing. It took me about 10 minutes to get adjusted to the manually geared ATV (which is more fun than the automatic one's), but once the learning curve was over it was sheer enjoyment. The bumps are what makes the whole thing fun. A couple of members of the group slowed us down somewhat but that's to be expected in a group. James leads the group and Richard brings up the rear. Both are experienced riders and always keep an eye out on the group. James is really good at it. He seems to have eyes at the back of his head, because he can spot issues with the most distant, last rider and rushes back to help. To be able to keep an eye out like that on the entire group is not easy. Be careful with the ATV's because if you break a taillight or something you'll have to pay for it. But, if you follow the rules and once you get used to the bumpy ride, you should be fine.After the group tour was over, the 4 of us requested James to take us out for another hour along a different trail. He was very tired, obviously, but still agreed and gave us a good deal with the additional fees. He took us along a trail we really enjoyed and could speed on. He and Richard never forgot that even though if was just the 4 of us they were taking out, our safety was still their concern. He even managed to pick a part of a trail where we sighted some big horn mountain sheep. Tame creatures. Most unbothered about human companions. All in all, it was a very joyous outing, made even more enjoyable by James.James - thanks for the suggestion on the ahem "adult " fun places ;)
5	My group and I  just got back from Above All ATV tour of El Dorado Canyon after all our other friends bailed.  Gotta say, they missed out on an amazing time.  If you're looking to go balls to the walls through the canyon and put some mud on your big kids pants, you gotta come here.  We bought a living social deal that was $124 for 2 people for 2 hours... WHAT A DEAL!!! We saw advertisements at the store and they're always running specials, so even if the living social deal is gone, they might have other deals.  We met up with Kim, the owner, off her Lake Mead office to sign waivers and pay a minimal $10 tax fee and she immediately led us to the ATV site off Searchlight.  They provide gear for you, only recommendation would be to bring a handkerchief to cover your face.  James gave us instructions for about ten minutes and took us for a test run and he didn't cut time out from our actual ride for that.  James has been riding for nearly 15 years so he's really good at assessing abilities.  Our group picked it up really fast so we were able to go through lots of hills and bumpy terrain.. it was awesome!!!  I can't wait to bring more people back.  This is the cheapest ATV tour I've found in Las Vegas and definitely not lacking in quality, friendliness, or professionalism.  SO MUCH FUN, you won't regret it
5	I love it when I find an experience in Las Vegas that shows me a new side to Nevada.  The ATV experience was great. James went slow enough for people like me, who want to look at flowers and rock formations, as well as fast enough for people like my husband, who couldn't care less how many gorgeous flowers and butterflies we saw.  When people ask me for suggestions, I'm definitely putting this company at the top of the list.   It was a great way to see El Dorado Box Canyon!
5	I was looking for something to do with my daughter's (15 year old) boyfriend while she was hanging out with her soccer teammates at the UNLV tour. Above All was the only ATV rental in the area that allowed someone under 16 to ride by themselves when I called to confirm Kim said we think no one should be left out and have ATVs for as little as 6 year olds. We were supposed to go out on a tour just the pair of us and the guide and when we got to the shop to do the paperwork found out our guide hurt his leg and was unable to do the tour so we would be part of another tour with 4 other riders. We were the only riders without experience. We drove out to the canyon and were given a quick lesson on the ATV and we were off. About ten mins in one of the other rider's tipped her ATV and while she was fine she slowed down the ride. My daughter's boyfriend and I were able to keep up with the guide and for having no experience the guide told us a few times how great we were doing. It was a little annoying to have to slow down or even stop and wait for the rest of the group (lady that fell off earlier) to catch up other than that we had a great time and really enjoyed the ride. It is mentioned and should be a given but I will say it again you will be riding out in a dusty canyon, there is no point in looking cute, you won't after it is all over. I got points for being the best girlfriend's mom ever! I would recommend Above All to anyone wanting something fun to do for an afternoon.
5	Great service, communication and mostly importantly people (& atvs:))!Kim and Jim were great hosts and really made an effort to accommodate our stag party. The atvs were well maintained and Jim was even nice enough to stop by In and Out Burgers before dropping us off at the hotel so we didn't need to take a cab to try the place out. Highly recommended. Will definitely be back!
5	I was looking for activities to do for our large group (6 ppl) in Vegas while on vacation and came across Above All Las Vegas ATV Tours while on Groupon.... Purchased the deal for a 2-hr tour and loved it!  Customer Service is beyond great, ATVs were a blast to ride, and the desert scenery was incredible!  I am a first-time ATV rider and our instructors/tour guides explained everything in detail!  Out group loved this adventure and I will definitely be doing this again when in Vegas!!  **One recommendation that we made to our guides was to get GoPro Cameras for the rides!** The best!!
5	Just rented 2  wave runners to take to Lake Mead for the day.  So glad I chose Above All.  They were much much more affordable than at other places, but we got 2 great, well maintained wave runners.  As everyone else said, James was super helpful.  He got us out to the lake and helped us figure everything out.  Very good service all around.  We'll be back for sure.
5	Highlight of our trip to Las Vegas! We had a great time doing the ATV tour! A great way to spend a morning away from the hustle and bustle. Nice, newer atv's and very nice people to deal with. Our guide was knowledgeable, friendly, and patient.
5	Our guide James was awesome! ATVs were easy to learn, trail was a ton of fun! Would definitely recommend.  We won't go back to Vegas without going on another ride with Above All Las Vegas!
5	Went with wife and teenage kids. First time for the three of them. Found ATV Company through an internet search because I needed an outfit that would allow my 14 year old to ride on his own. Kim was as pleasant as can be making all the arrangements. Her husband picked us up at the hotel and took us to the office to complete the paperwork. You essentially have to sign your life away to participate in this adventure, waiving all liability for them and accepting liability for any damage to the ATVs. Part of me finds it offensive, but this is the cost of participating and I don't think you can find another ATV outfit with alternative arrangements. Then we went off to the trail area 5-10 mins away. Our group was just the four of us, plus Jim. He could not have been any nicer. He was willing to go as fast or slow as we wanted and willing to go as long as we wanted (we had a show back on the strip to catch, so we kept it about 2-2.5 hours). The trail was great. [I went ATV riding in Vegas years before in red rock country, perhaps more picturesque, but much further from the strip]. Jim showed us some cool scenery and we felt he not only wanted us safe, but to have lots of fun. He stopped for water breaks, picture breaks and just "how you doin" breaks. He has led an interesting life and was filled with entertaining stories. For "city folks," it was an adventure we don't experience routinely. Jim is a down to earth, solid guy and all four of loved the experience. Would definitely recommend.
