4	I would give it 4.5 stars.  The flavors are very good. Up there with the best. The toppings were fresh and they had a good variety that other good places have. The prices are a little higher than other places but if you are in the Palms its definitely  worth picking some up. Especially on a scorching summer day. In Vegas I find that only Turtti Bella is better for selection and price but the quality is just as good. The pomegranate is so refreshing.
2	From the coattails of Pinkberry arrives yet another berrified ripoff by the name of Blizzberry located in the Palms casino. While I was disappointed in their quality and flavors I am happy to have tart frozen yogurt in Las Vegas. I am definitely guilty of the "better than nothing" mentality I suppose.The ultimate test in any of these new fangled fro-yo joints is their original tart flavor. Pinkberry and HaggenDaz are my favorites with this being my least favorite. If I'm not mistaken it seems to be flavored with lemon which is not what I expected or wanted. Pomegranate needs a little more kick, blueberry is eh...On the plus side they allow you to top your own yogurt with a wide selection of fruits, cereals and my favorite mochi! In stark contrast to Pinkberry you can have 3oz of yogurt and 3oz of strawberrys for $3 where pinkberry would charge about $5-6. Here is the rub, at Blizzberry its self serve, they give you a giant half quart size bowl no matter how much or how little yogurt you want. You will definitely feel like a loser with 3oz's of yogurt in this bowl, I had a "medium" portion and ended up with 10.5oz after I added toppings. At 50cents an oz they aren't jacking you be any means but overall I give it a Meh....Cheap tasting yogurt with good toppings 2 stars.
4	In the Las Vegas fro-yo wars, Yogurt-land has just been served by Blizzberry.Blizzberry is located inside the Palms, right next to the food court and Brendan Theatres.  The stand alone island (bigger than a cart) is easily accessible and when I visited on a Thursday afternoon, it wasn't terribly crowded.  There was even a helpful employee giving out samples.Blizzberry must have taken a look at Yogurt-land's weaknesses and decided to focus on making the self-serve frozen yogurt experience better.  Let's cover the basics.Taste: Blizzberry has superior fro-yo.  They focus on just a half dozen flavors and make them all good.  Whereas yogurt-land has more than a dozen flavors but many have a weird aftertaste or consistency.Toppings: plenty of fresh fruit, hot fudge and caramel and sweets like various cereals, candy bars, and nuts.  A nice touch is using mini m&ms and reeses pieces and gummy bears.  In hindsight the mini gummy bears come across as hard as jujubees but the effort is there.One thing I didn't like is the speed the fro-yo comes out of the machines.  In two seconds half your bowl is full!  I guess it's a tactic to get you to buy more since everything is priced by the ounce.  But that's a minor gripe.  You can also get shakes and smoothies.  Blizzberry is the real deal!
4	I was hungry and I couldn't wait till after the Maroon 5 concert to eat, so looking at all the options at the food court, I opted out on yogurt since it seems a lot healthier than micky d's.  I got the pomegranate and the original tart flavor since I'm more into the fruity and sour taste.  My choice of toppings were mochi bits and mango.  At $0.49/oz, the price wasn't too bad.  Yes, a lot comes out a lot so if you're tight on your wallet, make sure you don't put as much in.  I liked my choice so I would go back here again.
3	After lunch at Thai Style Noodle House and wanting to get some ice cream or other after meal desserts, we decided to head over to the Palms because I have not had Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf' iced blended drinks in awhile.  But once inside I saw that they also have a frozen yogurt stand, and we ultimately decided to get our helping of frozen yogurt and choice selections of their numerous options of toppings.The yogurts I picked were sampling portions of their vanilla, strawberry, and I think mango.  The yogurt is good, slightly tart, like the Korean-style frozen yogurt (think Pink Berry and their more popular competitions) except it is self served.  The best part is they have those little mochi bits that I love ordering with my yogurt at Santa Monica's Pink Berry, and you can help yourself to as little or as much as you want.  At $0.49 per oz it is not too expensive, but those ounces can quickly add up.Blizzberry is located inside the Palm's food court area, so seating availability will fluctuate depending on the time of day.  It is also conveniently next to the movie theater, so you can grab a frozen yogurt while you wait for the movie to start or have something to snack on while shooting the breeze with your buddies.My rating is 3.25 stars.  Good yogurt, nice selection of toppings, okay pricing, but nothing that made me say or think "WOW, I need to have more now!"And I agree with Bennett L.'s earlier review about how fast those frozen yogurt fills your large yogurt bowl.  Smart business ploy, this business is definitely a money maker and here to stay.
3	Its incredible that they're able to getaway w/ the prices they charge here.  We only go when we get the Palms comp for them.  Decent stuff...I usually get a fruity yogurt shake instead of the standard yogurt w/ toppings.  There is no way I would acutally pay to eat here.  One person's yogurt could easily go north of $8 which is way too much for froyo.
1	How irritating... Arriving to the place.. and then finding that they were closed early.. in spite of the fact that they advertised being open till 12.. they closed at 11:45.Was really disappointed at the Manager on duty.. who callously looked at me.. and said.. 11:45..  nothing like.. I am sorry.. we start to close early. Instead.. just went on a diatribe about how it was the way it always was.. and that was it.. I went across the aisle to Mcdonalds and had an ice cream cone.. Much friendlier.. and much better price.. and really.. I  don't think I will ever go back.. It is just the location that is the draw.. I would never go out of my way to come back.. there are plenty of more affordable and friendly places to by froyo.. in Las Vegas!.
3	After my quick little run-in with the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf, I turned and saw Blizz Frozen Yogurt. I went to Coffee Bean for something sweet but healthy and I didn't get what I was looking for there so voila, here I am!  The first thing me and my gf noticed was the price.  To most, the price is a little too much for froyo, but since they are in a casino, I understand that. Higher price beats bad service in my book ANY DAY!As soon as we walked over and started staring at what they offered at Blizz, Alison walked up to us and asked if we wanted some samples.  We kind of chatted for a little bit about Yelp (YAY!), what it does, what it's for, what you can do if you're a part of the Yelp community, etc. She seemed very into what we were saying.  She let us taste test every single flavor!  Even the ones we knew like chocolate or French vanilla! HAHA! Does it get to you when people ask if they can taste your Coke or Sprite? As if they don't what Coke or Sprite already tasted like? Yeah, well you get the point.We put together the Picasso of fro-yo! Butter pecan and chocolate yogurt, milk and white chocolate chips for crunch, almonds, mochi pieces, strawberries, and best part? NUTELLA! Woohooo! I rarely ever go to the Palms, but if they opened more Blizz spots, I just might have to sneak in for a Nutella fix!
2	Probably my least favorite self-serve Fro-Yo place. Less than the usual plethora of flavors- chocolate, vanilla, watermelon, strawberry were what I remember. I opted for vanilla with kiwis (some pieces were overripe and mushy), strawberries (not quite sweet), blueberries, nut topping, and mochi (on the hard side). More toppings than the frozen yogurt flavors offered but not too tasty. It's the most expensive at that, at 49 cents an ounce. It was $3.18 for six ounces, but it was not satisfying.Better options in the food court at the Palms, like McDonald's or the Coffee Bean.
5	I really loved Blizzberry. I only tried three flavors. Pecan, Irish mint, and strawberry. Pecan was not all that but I did fall in love with the Irish mint. I added chocolate chips to it which was a great combination.  I liked the strawberry too. I will definately go back.
3	It's a small self-serve shop is that next to various other chain restaurants. It's in the middle of the path where people go to another part of Palms & to the entrance of Palms Casino. When I went to get yogurt, I saw that they didn't have many choices & two of the flavors out of service or were refilling. I get that they need to refill, but maybe a sign that says wait a few minutes would have helped because I wanted to try that flavor. They have some fresh fruit toppings & some regular toppings.
3	The crepes are just ok for the price. The yogurt selection is limited but good choices.  I like the blizzberry smoothies the most.  Especially the acai berry. The location is convenient if your hanging out in the fast food area waiting for a movie or just getting out of a show. Way healthier than eatin Ben and Jerry's.
4	Using my Palms coupon book to the maxxxx. After Nathan's we decide on some fro'yo for dessert! I got the TART - YUM! I love it... Like Cherry on Top but not AS tart and no funky after taste like Cefiore. Good topping like strawberry flavored popping boba bubbles!!! Omg YESSSS!!! Fresh fruit, strawberries, blueberries, etc and of course goodies like gummy bears, sour worms, m&m's. Its definitely a NOM in my book!Four stars because seriously, they could CHOP up the strawberries instead of juat cutting them in half! It's hard to eat maaaaan!!!
4	I had the New Yorker, it was delicious (:. I give it 4 stars because when i went there on Wednesday (yesterday), the workers were kind of dull on the personality. But they were still nice (:.
4	Gave this place a try while doing a little gambling inside the palms. Had a selection of smoothies, crepes, and frozen yogurt which you purchase by the ounce. i opted for the by the ounce option. I like that you do everything self serve, so you can make it just how you want it.You start by selecting what size cup you want, then there are probably close to a dozen different flavors of frozen yogurt and sorbet to tempt you. I put chocolate on the bottom along with creme brulee (which turned out to be an addicting instant favorite) on top. Then alongside set up like a salad bar is an array of toppings. the first section had a wide variety of chopped fruit including mango, kiwi, berries, etc. Next to that was different chopped nuts, shaved coconut, candy bar pieces, etc. At the end are several squeeze bottles to top it off. Such goodies as honey, butterscotch syrup, chocolate sauce, and a Delicious condensed milk.When you are done you put the cup on the scale to find out the damage. I may have overindulged coming in at 11oz. They charge .49 cents per ounce, so it came to about 6 bucks total with tax. Overall I enjoyed it quite a bit. Good quality frozen yogurt topped with tasty sauces and fresh fruit. A nice treat on a hot Las Vegas summer day.
3	The core concept is of course airtight. Who doesn't love yogurt with customizable toppings that you yourself dole out? No scrutiny from the cashier about odd combinations.Overall the product is delicious. The mochi is one of my favorite treats and the berries have always been fresh. The only issue I have is that sometimes they have been closed at times when they state they are open.
3	This location is inside the Palms Casino in their food court area.  Actually it's directly in the center of the food court area.  I've been to other locations of Blizz.   Comparatively this location didn't have the selection of yogurt flavors and toppings.  Don't get me wrong, my dessert was still good but I'd like more flavors to choose from.  Plus one of the yogurt machines that contains 2 flavors was 'temporarily out of service'.   That really cut into the choices.  Service here was ok.  There really wasn't too much interaction but I wouldn't say it was bad.   If I need a quick treat I wouldn't hesitate to stop back.  I just hope they add more flavors!
1	Came here ready to eat some yogurt,  but I wasn't sure what I wanted, so I asked the guy behind the counter of they had sample cups,  he tells me they ran out,  okay I can deal with that,  so as my bf and his daughter are looking at the flavors available,  I sit down (I pulled my groin muscle earlier) and I look towards were the staff and what do I see there,  a bunch of the sample cups,  which at that moment my bf walks up to me to ask what I plan on getting,  and if I was able to get the sample cups?  I told him,  "No" cause the guy behind the counter felt the need to lie to me and tell they were out. He then went over and asked him himself, which now the guy tells him "oh no we aren't giving out samples due to the labor day weekend", my bf just replies "okay no worries,  understandable" and tells me the guys reply,  which now I'm irritated,  I'm not a kid,  be upfront as to why you aren't giving out sample cups and I cab respect you for it,  but to lie,  I don't tolerate that!!! So then my bf asked what I was going to get,  I yelled back "nothing,  I rather go to McDonalds". I know people may say,  it's just yogurt,  yes,  but flavors are different and if I don't like the taste,  well then,  I'm out of money and yogurt,  and I hate wasting both. But here,  it came down to the principal of being lied to my face,  that just turned me off to this place and I will NEVER go back!!!!
4	I love the yogurt at this place it's a great latenight snack to have when you're out.
