4	This is located in the heart of West Charlotte on Ashley Rd, just 2 blocks off the intersection of Freedom Dr.  in the Bi-lo Shopping Center.It is a take out only, no dining room, but I must warn you......if you eat here, you are going to gain 2 lbs easily!  I am so amazed at how so much food can fit into one of those containers.  If you are getting food for 2 or more, you may want to bring a box, because the meals appear to weigh at least 2 lbs each ( and that's just the lunch portions), but they do provide some incredibly strong bags for your convenience.Every one of the lunch dishes I have had have been consistently good, and fills my appetite.  You will not feel like having another meal in like 30 minutes like some other Chinese places, and if you are like most folks who eat here, this is enough food for another meal in itself.Parking is very limited, but your food will be ready when you arrive, it is always ready "In 10 min".  2 Thumbs Up!NCFoodGuy
1	Delivered to your hotel if you ordered $15 worth of food so I was hungry and it was between this place or a Italian place and I didn't feel like having Italian so this place won.I got a sweet tea which was watered down. A bowl of egg drop soup, the soup was the only thing good. And I ordered Sweet and Sour Chicken which came with a huge portion of fried rice and chcken with the sweet and sour sauce on the side. The chicken was cold and old tasting as was the rice. Really all I ate was the soup. Not good. Also the person that dropped off the food had no personality....didn't even say thank you.
3	Very huge portions! It could feed easily 2 or 3 people from each dish even for lunch. However, I ordered Mongolian beef and there were so many onions it was insane! Now I like onions but jeez... I took a full plate of just onions off before I got to the beef. So next time I'll just go without or emphasize light veggies because I'm sure other dishes would be the same.This is your average takeout Chinese food. Nothing special to write home about. Works for cheap, quick food but if you want bold flavors or better quality I'd choose somewhere else.
1	I am a truck driver parked 3 miles away at a business for the evening and was refused delivery! I guess I don't need to eat!?
1	Not sure what to say...I'm an airline pilot, and I was staying at the airport hotel (Wingate) and ordered from this place.  I paid with a credit card and my food was never delivered...I tried to call TWELVE times to find out what the deal was, but no one would answer the phone...They definitely charged my credit card though...lol  I guess the joke is on me.DON'T ORDER FROM THIS PLACE.
