5	Wow! I have never had "custard" before.  Well let me tell you, it's like ice cream but sooooo much better!!! I got the artic swirl - vanilla custard with oreos mixed in.  I will never go to DQ for a blizzard again.  My son got a chocolate cone and loved it!  Very good prices for a quality treat!
5	AMAZING. My family has been looking for some real frozen custard since moving to AZ a year ago and after many disappointments we found it at Glen's. We tried it for the first time last week and will definitely be back for more!
5	Update! They fixed all the issues I wrote previously, girls are always nice at night and remembered us every time. We have since moved up to north Scottsdale, and will miss out late night splurges.This place is seriously addicting, they have new flavors everyday which they let you try all of them if you'd like. Since stumbling upon this place with my girlfriend, we've been going at least 3 times a week. Only cons I have are the place still looks under construction, I love banana splits and the put them in a huge foam cup and give you a long spoon that just bends and becomes a pain to eat with. Also the hours are strange, went the other day around 3 but they weren't opening til 5pm?! Minus those little things the custard nonetheless is pretty amazing!~B~
4	Heard that Tom opened a frozen custard shop in Tempe a few days ago, so I decided to check it out after my massage last Wednesday.  The shop just opened up a month ago, and he's still getting signage to come in (lists of toppings and cones, etc.).  Tom encouraged me to try as many flavors as I wanted, so I tried:Key Lime- excellent!  Sweet and tart, and very refreshing!  My fave of all that I tried, so I bought a pint to take home.  However, I'm exhibiting allergic symptoms every time I eat it- must be the natural flavoring.  I'll need more research.  ;)Mocha Bean- good, but I wouldn't suggest it after trying an acidic fruity one, like key lime, as the coffee/chocolate will taste "a little off" (my words).Strawberry- delicious!  And I try to avoid strawberry due to an allergy, yet I ordered this to go into a waffle cone- see photo.  You can see the strawberry puree mixed in the frozen custard.Vanilla- also very tasty.  Wish I could try some of the toppings, or even just hot fudge mixed in, like a thick milkshake, but the candy bar toppings I saw, as well as the commercial hot fudge that GFC stock and use contain corn syrup and other corn derivatives.Black Cherry- excellent, and with whole black cherries in the mix!  I don't know why I didn't take a pint home with me... :'(The following flavors I took home with me without sampling first:Cinnamon bun- Oh my!  This tasted just like a great cinnamon roll!  It's very rich, though, so I suggest having it in small doses.  Contains real cinnamon- a must-try!  :))Banana- made with banana puree.  Very good, as well.  Not as sweet as Ben & Jerry's banana ice cream base in Chunky Monkey.  Maybe you can order this with added hot fudge and nuts?  **Coffee Bean- I'm very partial to coffee ice cream, but GFC's offering is solid.**Orange Creamsicle- I could definitely taste orange and cream, and I liked the flavor.  I was hesitant to try it, because of my orange allergy, and I wasn't sure if this frozen custard flavor contained actual puree or just flavoring.  Doesn't matter, though, since all "natural flavors" are derived from corn.  Please note that frozen custard contains more egg yolks AND less air than traditional ice cream, so every flavor will taste richer and creamier and have a denser mouth-feel, and this decadence is not for everyone- my Mom, for example.  (Store-brand ice cream often do not contain eggs, and, forgive the tangent, usually contain corn syrup!  I've had premium ice cream, both organic and non-, that contained egg yolks.)  Some of Glen's Frozen Custard flavors do contain corn syrup, such as chocolate, raspberry, and butterscotch, the latter of which is Tom's favorite flavor, and he's trying to talk me into tasting it "at least once!"  Btw, the fruity sorbet flavors are blends of frozen custard and "sherbet."  The Key lime, however, tasted and felt like sorbet- very light and cooling-- I felt like I was on a tropical vacation.  :)  Would I come back if I didn't have food allergy issues?  A resounding yes!  I wish Tom and his family great success with this franchise.  I really wish Tom great success so that he will open non-GMO frozen custard shops in the future.  ;)** Denotes complimentary items I received.  Thank you for your generosity, Tom!
4	This was my first visit here.  Liked the location which is quiet on a busy street.   Probably quiet because of the time of year.  People don't usually hang around for the 120 degree temperatures here.  Loved the banana and the chocolate custard.  Tried coffee with pieces of chocolate in it which I did not like as much because it wasnt as smooth and creamy as the banana and chocolate were.  I will definitely be back for more.  Forget about ice cream!
5	I came back for more today got to the door and they were closed.  Tow more people showed up as we were leaving.  Hopefully they consider extending their hours meanwhile I am waiting for the door to open at 5 :). Oh and updated stars to 5 I have no idea what I was thinking with the 4 stars!
1	This place blows. they have like 5 ice creams, save your time and money and go somewhere else
4	Got a coupon in the mail for a free pint(limited flavors of course). Got the raspberry custard, at Glen's recommendation, it was good but I wish I was allowed to try samples. I went with recommendation but wish I would have gotten chocolate. I can tell they have potential and other flavors are probably really good, and the service is great. They let you grab whatever flavor you want out the freezer.
5	What I love most about this place is the owners commitment to truly awesome flavors. I had a coffee flavor I was so so on, and I kid you not, he didn't rest until it was the absolute best coffee custard I had ever had. You can not get that just anywhere! Love the flavors here, Banana is an all time favorite for me. My primary addiction at Glen's is the Cherry/blueberry slushie with custard. It's pure sugary, heavenly goodness.    At Glen's they are generous with the samples, don't be afraid to try them until you find the one that makes your heart sing. They've got it, I'm telling you. Go for the friendly staff and the cheery decor, stay because it's delicious. You'll be back when your taste buds insist on a custard fix that only Glen's in Tempe can satisfy.
3	I was very underwhelmed by the flavor of this custard.  I just got the vanilla custard with cookie dough and fudge on top, and none of it was very flavorful.  The vanilla flavor was very weak and so was the fudge.  The guy behind the counter was great, though.  He let us sample whatever we wanted and explained our custard options.  The service was great, but the product wasn't on par with the service.
