4	The seitan hash and eggs will make you question your carnivorous habits.  Tasty scones for the road as well.  Good luck getting a table before Jerry yells out your name with your order up.
5	Pretty much the best place to get a morning bun that I can currently think of.
4	just got back from having a delish breakfast. my artichoke heart, whole garlic, spinach, sun-dried tomato pesto, asiago cheese scramble was marvelous. they have a number of fair trade coffee flavors, baked-daily scones and buns, and all the charm you could ask for.it's been a while since i've eaten lunch there, but the open-faced melts are excellent, as well is the grilled cheese with avocado.you with the little ones, there are tons of toys and books upstairs near the couches; just be sure to pick up when you leave! it feels like your living room, but it belongs to everyone. also, it's a bus-your-own place, so when you're done eating, find the closest tub and help out the staff by putting your dishes in it.be prepared to drop $20 for two with coffees and a tip. if you like cozy, livingroom-like dining experiences with a little kitsch, this place is for you.
3	This place is exceptionally cute, a little house that you order as you walk in, tell them your name, find a seat, either downstairs or up in the "attic" and they scream it out  when the food is done....I guess, hence the "lazy"First off - Best scone I've ever had, strawberry and peach with a lemon frosting glaze.We were there on Sunday so we could only order brunch, but the selection just wasn't impressive or interesting or really make sense.I had a salmon, cream cheese scramble, that was...ok.  but it was literally all this stuff mashed up and thrown on a plate for $6 or something, maybe more. My husband got the seitan scramble or something, that came with half a plate of eggs.  Kind of strange...it seems it seitan you'd have some kind of vegan option .. I don't know, again, it's really cute, and from what my cousins say - Madison lacks in the brunch department...it could be so much more interesting and eclectic, like to go with the space more.The woman at the counter was adorable and SO friendly, but the yelling out of the names when you are upstairs is just too much...for the 15 minutes we waited, all us at the table sat in disturbing awkward silence trying to decipher the yells coming from below.I'd try it again for lunch or for a scone!
4	This is a cute and kitschy 'lil restaurant. Went here for breakfast with my family and my sister & brother in law that live in Madison. We came at the height of the breakfast rush. We had to wait in line for a while to place our order. They had delicious sounding egg dishes. I opted for cherryberry oatmeal. My mom and I split a blueberry scone and I also ordered a LARGE caramel latte. I didn't know I was going to get a massive latte, I could only finish half of it.So you wait for your name to be hollered out and you have to scope out a place to sit. We found a cute round table in the back. When our food arrived, we were all silent because we were enjoying our delicious breakfast. My oatmeal was really good but I wish I could of gotten the eggs. My sister shared her turkey sausage with me :) Next time we go here, I'm going to try the fritata. If you're in Madison and you want to eat at a unique breakfast/lunch restaurant... go to Lazy Jane's!
4	It was a very interesting place to say the least.  I had a scrambled egg, toast, bacon and potatoes. Honestly, I liked the food.  The only quips I have about the place are that my toast was horribly over-toasted and it took forever to get the food.  Of course, the latter may have had to do with the fact that it was just after a rush and on Memorial Day.I think I'll have to go back and see what the coffee and lunch type food is like!
4	I like Lazy Jane's--a lot.  Their scones are contenders for the coveted title of "Best Scones in the World."  Particularly the cherry scones.  The other place is Oakhouse Bakery.   The rest of the food is good, too, but nothing I've had there can hold a candle to the scones.  I love the atmosphere very much, as well.I'm not a fan of the line to order, the fact that they don't accept cards (yes, they do have an ATM), and that you have to sit down to wait for your order (if there's a place to sit, mind you!)--which might be upstairs--and they yell your name for you to come get it.  That's not so much my thing.  I prefer to have a conversation and not worry about whether they just said "Heather" or "Hector" (or even "Richard") over the din of the customers when I'm sitting upstairs.
5	I wish I were more of a morning person, because I'd be more apt to frequent LJ's. The early bird definitely gets the worm in this case...or at least doesn't have to wait in line for eons. This place is always hoppin', hungry people come in droves.I LOVE the SCC(eggs with scallions and cream cheese), and their scones are too pretty to eat--okay, who am I kidding. They are lovely, though. Don't expect a mellow, quiet morning spot. Between the comers and goers, the cooks shouting the names of customers when their order is up, it's craziness. Fun, frantic craziness. A must try!
4	I liked the location and setting inside the restaurant. It has a homey, comfy feeling. They support local artists by selling crafts inside the store. Their lemon cream scone was amazing! Definitely one of the best scones I have ever had. The consistency and taste was delicious. As for the actual breakfast, I had eggs, potatoes and bacon, which were good, normal. Really though, it gets a good review for the scone! I went on a late sunday morning and it was crowded but we only waited about ten minutes to get to the front of the line to order.
4	I came in here, not expecting to find a seat, but was pleasantly surprised. Even with a line out the door (11am, Sunday), by the time we got past the cash register, the two of us actually had seating options to choose from.The food was great, my mocha was tasty and visually attractive, and the atmosphere was comfortable. I was also surprised that, even in such tight quarters, the sound level was conducive to a comfortable discussion volume.I will most certainly be coming back to explore the menu further.Also, I'm not sure why folks listed it as not being wheelchair accessible. When in fact, it is. (the votes have swayed and now the data given above is accurate)
4	Maybe 3 1/2.   Lemon creme scone I love you!   It's loud, crowded, and you *will* wait on a weekend.  The service is also inconsistent as my ticket has been lost on two occasions (once they gave me a gift certificate to replace it after the 30 minute wait for my food!).  After a few years I've decided to skip the full on breakfast unless it's on a cold and snowy Tuesday  and go for the scones and coffee.
5	The food here is so good, I don't mind how loud it is and that I sometimes end up eating on a sofa (I prefer to only eat on sofas at home).  The line out the door can be overwhelming on weekends, but it moves pretty quickly, you'll eventually have a place to sit, and it's worth it.  I've tried the seitan hash, SCC (scrambled eggs with scallions and cream cheese) and both of the waffles (with berries and cream or bananas and walnuts).  I'd order them all again, but always go with the SCC when I'm craving salty.  Top it off with a cappuccino and I'm suddenly a morning person!
3	Lazy Jane's is a small restaurant located in a converted 2 story house. The old-fashioned furniture and abundance of knicknacks gives the distinct impression that you're eating at somebody's grandmother's house.I've heard this place is raved about for it's breakfasts, but we went there for lunch. They had a fairly wide selection of items to choose from, all written in brightly colored chalk on blackboards behind the counter. I ordered a chai latte, strawberry scone and a cheeseburger, while my wife ordered a reuben and jasmine tea. We were both impressed by the scone. I expect scones to be dry and hard, but this was soft, moist, almost fluffy -- it reminded me less of what I expect of a scone and more what I'd expect from a funny-shaped muffin.My cheeseburger was fine, if a little heavy on the lettuce for my tastes. The chai was likewise satisfactory. Niether really stood out from the crowd, but nor do I have any real complaints.My wife not only enjoyed her tea, but stated that the reuben was the best she'd ever had.Overall, it was decent food at a decent price in a pleasant atmosphere, so we'll probably go back.
4	More like 3.5-4 stars. Based on the scone alone, I was ready to give solid 3 star rating. It's a pretty good scone, but I don't think it's a spectacular 5 star deal. However, I finally lined up outside on a Sunday morning to have their breakfast. I ordered today's special - Egg scramble with artichoke hearts, mushroom, onion ad feta cheese. Oh my god it was delicious! I questioned about feta in scramble at first, but the dish completely changed my mind. The infamous wait is not too bad. Just grab a chatty friend to go with you, and the wait wouldn't feel that long.
5	Go there.  Be patient while you wait in the line.  Eat a frittata and a scone.  If you haven't done this already, you're missing out in a big way.
4	Hmm, I would really say this is around 3.5 stars.As the co-owner of a pastry shop, I don't eat baked goods nearly enough. Not because we make any, because we don't, but because I try to pretend to eat healthy foods outside of work. I need to stop doing this, because you know what- baked goods are tasty. And Lazy Jane's are top, top notch.The boyfriend had the morning bun (with sugar) and i had a blueberry scone. Both were deeeee-lish. The scone was rather moist (for a scone) with a slight lemony flavor.  The morning bun was like cinnamon sugar-dusted crack. Flaky and sweet, crusty on the outside, soft on the inside, pretty much perfect. And that was just to start!I attempted to have a healthy breakfast and went with the granola with berries, bananas, and yogurt. The granola was pretty good, but the berries were frozen- rather, defrosted frozen berries. Which I guess is better than fresh berries in October, since berries are obviously out of season, but some of them were still partially frozen, and that just seems a little. . . cheap? I would have preferred something seasonal, like apples. Ooh- warm baked apples with granola and yogurt! That would have been good.Boyfriend had a fritatta, his sister had some kind of scramble. He said his could have been a touch saltier.  Good coffee, cute, homey atmosphere.  It's out of the way, so while it IS crowded, it's not teeming with college kids. So, that's good.
4	I was anti-scone until I came to Lazy Jane's.  That all changed after I took my first bite of a lemon creme scone.  It was life-changing.  5 star scone all the way.  And after the lemon creme, I tried every other variety, and was never disappointed.I had breakfast here several times and it was always good, but really the scones are what kept me coming back.  Go here and please eat a scone for me.   Notes:  You can skip ahead in the line if you are just getting scones.  So that's a definite plus.  But they don't take credit cards, so that's a minus for me.  They do have an ATM inside.
5	Wow. I really, really love Lazy Jane's. The scones really are THAT good and there is truly nothing better than waving that big Bakery Express Wand to get them. And coffee snobs may think it's trashy, but I am so glad they have hazelnut coffee.The key to Lazy Jane's is to go very early on the weekend or really, any time during the week - it's small! Last week, I brought in Lazy Jane's scones for my office and I think I'm now everyone's favorite co-worker. I never noticed a bad attitude from the staff or fellow patrons. I wish I had kids so they could play in the adorable kid nook upstairs with toys, books and comfy couches! If you do insist on a late morning meal with a party larger than 2 on the weekend but can't handle the line, here are my tips to deal with it: check out the board, decide what you want, tell the designated "order-er" of your party, go grab a seat, and be happy.
4	I feel like Lazy Jane's is always busy, friendly, delicious and lacking in the honey department. The delicious and friendly outweigh the always busy and lack of honey.I don't like how I have to listen for my name to be yelled. I inevitably stop paying attention. I don't like how the vegan hash had fake meat in it and I didn't realize (forgot to check to see if the menu stated that). Fake meat is more gross than real meat. I like how they have a kids play area. Kids are hilarious to watch when I'm eating my brekky. I like how they offer vegan and gluten free options. My belly left happier than it would have elsewhere!Yayayayayay Lazy Jane's!
4	As a brunch aficionado, I must say Lazy Jane's ranks up there on the Madison circuit.  Scone selection was amazing, and really, all the baked goods looked delicious.  I had the veggie frittata which was quite yummy and the Columbian Italian coffee was on point.  Slightly weird that they served it in a pint glass...for a minute I thought I was having Guinness for breakfast.  Fiance indulged in the chorizo scramble special, which was also pretty tastey.  No wait at about 10am on a Saturday, which was surprising, though parking was kind of a  b-.  And I kind of liked how they sang my name!  Overall, good eats - I'll definitely be back!
4	This place is gloriousness on a plate, and a coffee cup.  I stumbled on Lazy Jane's one summer biking around the lake and now come back everytime I am in town. Everyone here is amazingly friendly, always offering free food to first time customers.  I havent ever had anything besides the egg and vegetable omelette because I dont want to mess with a good thing, but friends have raved about the homemade granola and other bakery items.  This place is always really busy and there isnt a lot of seating, so you will need to wait on the weekend, but while you are, you can look at the art from local artists that is displayed and for sale and wait for your name to be screamed in a welcoming way by the cook knowing that your food is ready. This place is good stuff!
2	The food was pretty good, but not good enough to make up for the complete lack in all other areas.  I couldn't even order my food without the pretentious clerk behind the counter acting like i was an idiot for not knowing where the line started, even though there was only one person in line in front of us when we first walked in.   I get that the place is supposed to be laid back and a self serve type of thing but they need to have signs or a more helpful and friendly staff for first timers.  Then after we already felt a less than warm welcome we went to get our food from the counter, we heard our name screamed out,  and started walking away with the two plates they put out.  We quickly realized they weren't correct and turned back to see what happened when the lady cook told us in a rude tone that we should check with them before taking a plate.  Just so they know we are not their employees and they should probably put the right plates up before screaming out our names. long story short i have never written a review on yelp but left this place annoyed enough to do so.
4	Cute, homey, tasty food, toys for kids, gluten-free bread, home-brewed kombucha.  Managed to feed a collection of adults, including two gluten-free people and one lactose-intolerant and soy allergic person, plus entertain multiple young children.  Nice work!  Now just make some tasty gluten-free scones and I'll love you forever and give you all the stars I can.
3	A FUN dining experience!  And wonderful bakery items.  I don't like trying to listen for my name to be called because it's hard to hear.  But I think it's great how people literally make themselves at home, bringing board games to the table while they wait, etc.
5	What's wrong with you people?  If you can't find anything wrong, give it a better rating.  "We loved it" and no complaints = 5, not 4.Lazy Jane's is one of the places I desperately miss from Madison.  I started going there when I was taking 6 AM martial arts classes nearby and was delighted to discover it on the way to work.  The eggs are, without doubt, the best in the city.  The potatos are sadly flavorless, and I'm irritated they don't give refills on milk, but other than that no complaints.  Prices are decent, being neither high nor low for the quality of food.  While the lines can be long, they move quickly and are worth the wait.
5	I was in Madison this weekend and I am glad I was able to make it back to LJ's! I had the S.C.C. this time and it was wonderful! The S.C.C. is scrambled eggs, cream cheese (yuuuum) and chives mixed together served with hash browns and your choice of toast. LJ's also has gluten free bread!! My brekkie was delish and I just love this little eatery. My party of four also shared a mud pie scone while we waited for our food. It was divine!!
4	Sunday morning visit in mid-July.  Awesome scone, pretty good waffle, fabulous berry topping, superb seitan hash, absolutely disgusting iced coffee.  Off-putting cooler than thou attitude from staff, long but relatively fast-moving line.This is probably all you need to know.If I could send a minion to pick up baked goods/seitan hash here and coffee elsewhere, it would be the perfect arrangement.
3	Lazy Jane's is a cool, two-story house in Madison's hip Williamson Street area. It serves an eclectic crowd and offers American breakfast and lunch standards, from hash to veggie melts. When your order is ready the line cook theatrically yells out your name.There aren't many vegan options, and they rarely have vegan baked goods, but what they do offer for vegans is pretty tasty.I had the seitan hash ($6.50) which normally comes with eggs, but they left it off for me. Oddly enough, Lazy Jane's doesn't seem to offer a tofu scramble. How can you have seitan but not tofu?The dish consists of a HUGE amount of skillet potatoes, roasted red peppers, mini pieces of broccoli, and chunks of seitan. The portion size was easily enough for two very filling meals.I thought the flavors were great, and the toasted sourdough-rye bread on the side was fresh and delicious (Lazy Jane's has two vegan bread options which they helpfully pointed out to me). In general, I think the dish was good, and of much higher quality than similar brunch-style dishes you'd find at Monty's Blue Plate Diner down the road. That said, Monty's has many more vegan offerings than Lazy Jane's, so what you trade in quality you get back in variety.I'd return to Lazy Jane's to try their limited vegan lunch options, but I just wish they'd expand their offerings to make them THE place to go for vegan brunch and lunch.
4	Excellent place for brunch or breakfast, very reasonable prices! The bus yourself thing can be a hassle if you don't hear your name called, but if you're upstairs they just yell louder!!!The scones are pretty tasty, especially onced smothered with jam! I'd definitely recommend eating here to anyone looking for cheap meal and some unusual atmosphere.
3	The line outside the door is hard to deal with especially when you don't want to hear everyone's cheerful banter about all the great things they're doing in life.  And when you're hungry, 30 minutes is too long to just order.I order a chorizo scramble with pumpernickel bread, a lemon scone, and hot apple cider.  The cider was advertised to satisfy my seasonal craving but it truly did not.  Seriously lacking spices and warm at best.The chorizo scramble didn't taste of chorizo, but rather a cheap American version of the sausage that had no bite.  I'd come back for the scones, but who wants to wait 30 minutes for a mouth watering scone??
3	Their scones are pretty good.  Their food reasonably priced and I really like that they have a seitan hash.  I wished that they had more options to their jam though.  While they have a specials menu that changes, it never seems to change into anything particularly appetizing to me.  You order and then you pick up your order when they holler your name.  In reality, it's pretty impossible to tell what they're yelling so I've taken to just checking with them about 10 minutes after finding a seat.  One thing that ruined my experience once here: I am a bit of a snob when it comes to good teas and most restaurants' teas are sub par for me.  So I've taken to bringing my own tea to breakfast.  After ordering my dish, my boyfriend's dish and a cup of coffee for the boyfriend, I asked for a cup of hot water.  The cashier saw that I was holding my own tea and charged me for the price of a cup of tea ($2).  I was annoyed by this.  I can totally understand charging me for a cup of hot water, but it should not be the same price as a cup of tea.  I can understand that if I had ordered nothing and just wanted a cup of hot water that they charge me for sitting at their place, but I had ordered food.  I just happen to think their tea is sub par.
4	The scones are unbelievably good. I wish I could have them shipped to LA to arrive at my door fresh every morning. Lemon, mocha chocolate chip, regular chocolate chip...so sad that I haven't had one of these in years!They gets four stars, though, cuz they need a separate gimme-all-your-scones counter.
5	I was lucky enough to visit Lazy Jane's this past weekend while I was in town visiting my sister. This is her favorite place and she was dying to take me here. I loved it as well!! Great food, awesome bakery (the scones were great as were the almond croissants) and the price is super affordable. I had the veggie frittata and my sister had the seitan hash and both were delicious. My hubby had the chicken salad on a croissant and my brother had a scrambler with pastrami and veggies and it was all delicious as well. I already can't wait to go back and try some more of their delicious food, I highly reccomend it here. Everyone was super friendly and because it was our first time here we got free scones, yum!
4	This place is A-ok.  I haven't tried enough things to give it 5 stars just yet, but after reading about the pastries I am definately going to have to go back for those.First off, the place is super cute and way laid back.  The staff was extremely nice as well.  I really liked the atmosphere.They have quite a few veg options but I was totally just craving a grilled cheese so I got a half sandwich with a bowl of tomato soup and an Arnold Palmer.  The sandwich was so good and at only 1/2 it really filled me up, which is saying a lot because I can really put down some food.  It was on thick sourdough bread with avocado and tomato (I got it without red onion).  I wish I could remember what kind of cheese but it was amazing.  The soup... alright.  I was hoping for just a traditional creamy tomato soup but this one had huge chunks of tomato in it, which neither me nor the boy were really feeling.I am pretty excited to come back here though and try some more stuff.He loved his sammy too, which had turkey, cheese, bacon, lettuce (left off tomato).
3	Great scones and decent food.  I've never had anything besides the scones that are particularly memorable.  While I kind of like the call-out-your name system of food (it does have some charm), when "joe schmoe" doesn't show up for a while, it starts to lose its charm.  And the one cup refill on coffee (which is of course behind the counter) just seems a little stingy...it's okay lazy jane's, someone taking that extra cup or two won't run you out of business.  Tea is all bagged, unlike the loose offered at other superior breakfast locations in the city.  Best bet for this joint: buy a scone or two and leave.  Repeat as desired.
4	A for atmosphere and friendly staff! :) Such a busily chill place to go-- the chairs are all different, there are little jars of jams all over, everyone buses their own table, and when your order is ready, they happily call your name across the restaurant. I got the frittata which came with potatoes and toast, all delish. I was having a hard time deciding about what to get because the pastries looked good too (typically I opt to get one of evvvvvvverything) but when I told the cashier it was my first time there and how excited I was, she gave me not one, but TWO free scones! I picked a walnut-pesto scone, and she was like, "Well, scones are supposed to be sweet, and that one's savory, so have this one, too!" and gave me a lemony cream scone. Mmmm. Too much food for one girl to handle, but great leftovers for later. Great vibe, good food, friendly people. It gets busy but is worth hitting up, even to study and drink tea with a scone. Hint: they have mimosas! Double hint: they do not take credit cards.
5	I am updating my previous review.Since the first time, I have tried the scones, which are pretty amazing... most places just have basic, dry scones but these were moist (I hate that word) and they have at least 6 different options!  They are so good!  I went there on Tuesday with some girlfriends and got the seitan hash for $6.50... Holy fricken moley! Amazing! This is a superb vegetarian dish that tastes just like meat!  It comes with the seitan seasoned to perfection, breakfast potatoes, 2 eggs, and your choice of toast (go for the sourdough rye).  This breakfast was so good, I made the bf bike there with me Wednesday morning... Yup, the very next day!  I could eat this meal every single morning!
5	Awesome local place for breakfast!  Do yourself a favor, regardless of what you order, make sure to get a lemon scone.
4	First of all, I'm a little biased because I love breakfast food so much.  A restaurant really has to f up for me to rate a breakfast place poorly.  :)My roomie and I have been talking about eating here for like over a year now and we finally did it this morning! Hurray!!!  Lazy Jane's is quite possibly the most adorable place I've ever eaten at.  Very homey and welcoming.   Also, they give you a free scone if it's your first time there!!!!  (We got ours to go and I have yet to eat my Blackberry scone because I'm still full from breakfast).   I got The Works (eggs, potatoes, toast, bacon)....delish.  My roomie got their banana cream waffles...amazing.Will definitely go back!Edit: omg, by far the best scone ever.
3	I'd give this place 5 stars if I was voting on the scones alone.  But alas, they muck up the delicious scone menu with other breakfast items. I kid.  It's a fairly solid local breakfast joint that happens to serve out of this world scones.  Go for the lemon cream scones! Now! They are heavenly.The other food stuffs are really just OK.  There's almost always a long wait and their lattes are consistently horrible.  That said, the other items on the menu are fairly good, definitely not a destination restaurant but great if you're in that neighborhood. Remember to bring cash, CC are not accepted.Go for: scones, SCC (scrambled eggs, cream cheese, chives) if you need a protein fix, or try one of their daily specials which are usually better than the regular menu itemsthe homey, eclectic east side feelSkip: the lattes
5	There are scones and then there are scones made from Gods. Lazy Jane has perfected the scone and brought it down from the heavens for us all to share and enjoy. Because of the scone, I have become a regular to this brightly colored two story house, stopping by to grab a scone and a coffee on my way to work. Outside of their blessed scones, their breakfast and lunch food is also truly amazing. I recommend grabbing your cash, getting there early to avoid the lines and order an amazing breakfast with a scone to go. While you wait for your name to be called out by the fun loving chefs, nibble on your scone and enjoy coffee. Once you have enjoyed your breakfast, take whatever remains of your unearthly scone with you to savior for later!
5	You just have to love this place!!  The decor is just so cute!! I love how they have couch seating upstairs that allow you to feel 'just like home'...  Teresa, who took our order at the counter, was just an awesome sweet lady!!  She definitely made a visitor like me from California all warm and fuzzy inside with her kind hospitality.My husband and I tried the daily special grilled chicken sandwich. This is probably the juiciest chicken sandwich I've ever had!!  I have never been a breast lover but they were able to make it so juicy that I had forgotten I was eating white meat!!  The sandwich had a layer of fromage fort (which is Wisconsin cheese blended with various herbs) which was a killer for me since I love soft cheese and herbs.Thank you for making our first lunch meal on our Wisconsin so memorable!!
5	My new favorite breakfast place in Madison! I love it! The scones are amazing, as is the what looks like homemade jam. I had the SCC - scrambled eggs and cream cheese and chives. YUM! Great eastside atmosphere and just a cozy, homey feel.
3	Its just ok there. I always feel a little claustrophobic in there. But thats just because its super busy. And most of the time my stomach feels a little... off... for the rest of the day after I've eaten there.The scones, however, are AMAZING.
5	Ohmystars. I love the scones. I havent the faintest if anything else is good, but the scones are delicious. There is a serious Saturday morning rush, so be prepared to wait in line. The coffee could've been a bit stronger, but that's just personal preference. Cant wait to come back!
5	Holy cow was this place good. We were looking for good places to eat during our Madison visit and found this one on Yelp. It is everything mentioned by others and more. I will never pass up a chance to have biskets and gravy if they look promising and when I saw they were on the specials board there was no need to look any further for my breakfast choice. Homemade biskets with cheese and chives, smothered in the most fantastic gravy ever. All the others in our party were equally pleased with their choices as well. Another standout choise was the pancakes with peaches and blueberries. Nothing else was needed on them, they were perfect as served.
5	Wow what a great find in Madison. Probably one of the best breakfast places I have ever been too. You MUST try the scones and enjoy a hearty cup of joe with 'em. The staff was extremely nice and I enjoyed every minute of my experience for Saturday brunch. Be prepared for a lot of food at a great price. I can't recommend this place enough and am so happy I found it. Get there early to avoid lines!
3	The scones and baked goods are great. The breakfasts are very good. The staff is friendly.Be prepared for a wait. The restaurant is not as clean as I would like, and I have often found that the silverware needs an extra rinse.
5	I just had the experience of getting a meal at the Lazy Jane Cafe and Bakery. I use the word experience because it was just that. Most eating establishments hold a certain air of expectation and we see little difference in the routine from one to another.     Then on that rare occasion one is met with something that dwells in realm on the unexpected. From the time you walk in you are invited to escape the normal routine.       First of all you will see that the staff is more like an inviting family member, you know the one you want next to you in between you and your crazy egotistical brother in law.       Once you get the protocol and realize you have to order at the counter and then you find your table you will find yourself a little off balance. You see the The Lazy Jane was a home at one time and as you search for find a place to sit you find that you can have a table or you can head upstairs and find a couch and short set of chairs with a intimate table for two.      The baked goods are made fresh and have a taste that you will find touches your sweet spot. The breakfast menu has healthy variety of freshly made to order omelets and the fried potatoes were small and cut in quarters and pan friend to perfection. I can't wait till I try some of the sandwich combinations, burgers at lunch. Give it a try you will not be disappointed. You may have to wait a bit but it's worth it.
4	Good food.  Really busy.  Its hard to negotiate between tables, chairs, screaming children, etc. with a full cup of coffee.  I got the granola with fruit/yogurt and my bf got the seitan hash.  both really delicious and my coffee was bottomless and we felt all in all very cozy, until we had to stand up that is :)  Go early or go really late, maybe that is the secret?
5	You will have to wait a while, but Lazy Jane's is the best brunch in Madison.
5	All I've had from here is the iced lemon scone, but it changed my life. I thought I knew scones, until I met this game changer. It haunts my dreams.
4	Lazy Jane's is a cute little breakfast/lunch spot that my friends and I love to go to! It is in a little house off of Willy street, and the atmosphere is warm and inviting. I really like their egg dishes- eggs with turkey sausage, frittatas, egg scramblers, etc. My boyfriend loves the BLT, and I really enjoy the turkey sandwich melt (a cold sandwich that I ask for warm). The service is sometimes a little slow, but the food makes up for it! CASH ONLY!
5	Great food & atmosphere
5	Great food and service in a cool part of Madison. Willy St is historically the hippie/artsy fartsy area of downtown Madison, so be prepared for this kind of culture in Lazy Jane's. The women who work behind the ordering counter are always fun and helpful, not to mention polite, even when they're swamped. The stuff is all made from scratch and the combination of the food and environment lends the feeling that you're a kid again eating at your weird aunt cathy's, but its awesome. I recommend the tuna melt or Rueben sandwich for lunch and a frittata for breakfast. Oh, and don't forget a scone! They're known for them.
4	Eclectic, fun, different. Unfortunately I can't eat gluten - so those fantastic scones and muffins tease the crap out of me when I'm waiting in line. If you can eat that stuff, you'll LOVE Lazy Jane's! The breakfast creations available here are so yummy: funky cheeses, avocados, turkey bacon, etc. Oh yeah, awesome tea!One minus, they could add another egg or so. I usually leave a bit hungry :). Maybe that's because I hold the potato too.
5	By far my favorite place for breakfast and brunch in Madison. Nothing compares to Lazy Jane's in terms of price, quality or atmosphere. Atmosphere - old 2 story house turned into a restaurant. Seating on the 1st and 2nd floor. Old mix of tables, chairs and couches to sit on. Menu is on the wall, you order at the counter, and when your food is ready the kitchen hollers out your name and you pick up your own food at the window. Staff - friendly hipster staff that always has a good suggestion on food. I have yet to be steered wrong. Coffee - free refills at counter. Just walk up and they will take care of you. Food - i have yet to have anything bad here. They have good vegetarian and vegan options as well. My all time favorite dish there is the Biscuits and Gravy. Its probably the best biscuits and gravy north of the Mason Dixon line. What makes ti so good? It's those "holy cow" biscuits. Desserts - Get a half dozen scones to go. Try one of each flavor. They are out of this world. They are made fresh daily and are probably the best scones i have ever had. Thank god the lazy undergrads refuse to come here for brunch. They are content with walking to Mickey's Dairy bar and we should all be happy about it, because if they ever discover this place en mass, the line will quadruple.
3	Food is well made and tasty. Interesting interior and atmosphere. Good Italian soda. Good brunch place, but there are some better places in Madison. Probably deserves 4 stars if it was not for the following. No fresh juice.  No outdoor seating. A little slow. They don't take any cards.
5	My favorite breakfast place in Madison.Insanely good bakery. Fantastic coffee. Friendly service.  Hearty food.Everything I've ever had here has been filling and fresh.And no matter the time of day or how busy they are, the service has always been with a smile.Bummer they only accept cash, but the ATM is right but he register.  No matter how crowded, there's always a place to sit.  Protip: While standing in line, think of a clever name for your order!
5	Don't tell anyone but the primary reason I visit Madison is to eat the scones at Lazy Jane's.  The fact that my son also lives there? Coincidence.
5	The scones here were really tasty.  The wait was not too long, and we went prime time on a Saturday morning.  The portions were large and the prices were reasonable.  Service with a smile.
4	Worth the wait!
4	The scones are delicious and the grilled cheese is buttery with the perfect amount of crunchiness and chewiness. But seriously, you need to get yourself a scone. Do it.
4	Best scones I've ever had, I think. Pretty decent soup, too.
4	I work a few blocks from Lazy Jane's.  I recently went for the first time and have since gone back twice, but only for lunch.  The first two visits I got their Cheeseburger which is very tasty.  It's cooked however you want and served with Lettuce, Tomato, Onion (grilled or raw) on Ciabatta.  It's served with kettle chips and a side salad for only $7.50.  I highly recommend it. The most recent visit, I actually ordered take out and got their Rueben, which I must say ranks pretty highly in my book as a quality rueben sandwich.It's a nice little restaurant, with good food, a casual atmosphere, and reasonable prices.I'll be visiting many more times in the future.
5	Back in June, I was spending a night in Madison on my way back to Chicago and put out a call on Twitter for suggestions of places to eat breakfast while I was there. When all four of the people I specifically asked suggested Lazy Jane's, I knew that was the place to go. I was absolutely won over by every aspect of this place.The cafe itself was totally adorable, and the staff was super friendly. I loved the mismatched plates and silverware. The whole place had a very cozy, eclectic feel to it. And nothing makes you feel more welcome in a new restaurant then when they give you free food!  That's right, if you've never been to Lazy Jane's before they give you a few scone.The food was delicious. I played it safe with the eggs, potatoes, and toast, but in retrospect, I wish I'd been a bit more adventurous. The breakfast potatoes were fabulous - and I'm VERY picky about my breakfast potatoes - and the scones were absolutely out of this world! We actually stopped at the bakery next door to pick up a couple to take back to Chicago with us.I hear this place gets pretty crowded on the weekends, and I can understand why. However, it was only about half full, and there was no line, when we arrived about 9:30 Sunday morning. I chalked this up to fate, luck and the fact that the street it's on was totally torn up at the time.I definitely understand why it was a unanimous suggestion among my friends.
5	Great atmosphere, great food.  A friend and I came here on a Saturday around lunch time and the place was pretty busy, but we ordered and received food in less than 10 minutes (it may even have been closer to 5 minutes).  Everything was just as we had ordered it, and delicious.  Loved this place and would highly recommend it to all!
4	Oh my goodness, the SCONES!They are just perfectly crumbly and perfectly buttery.When my friends say they don't like scones, I immediately take them here.Because of the chaos on weekend mornings, I always make sure to go here for a weekday brunch.The ingredients are fresh, and the staff are so friendly!Just FYI, they don't accept debit or credit cards. ONLY CASH!
4	Great place! A must try in Madison. As everyone says, the scones are awesome!
4	I heard great things about this place but boy do I not know my way around Madison! I was able to find this charming quaint breakfast place though. There is a parking lot but can be hard depending on the time of day. I shot over when it opened and found parking and a seat.This is a CASH ONLY place. They have a ATM and I was glad to see the fee was NOT $6 but rather a mere $1 and change.I found the waffle with pecans and banana intriguing and ordered it. I wasn't disappointed and even inspired a few to have a similar breakfast that morning. I picked up a variety of their scones to go. I don't have any complaints about them even when I dug into one of them 2 days later! They do have a penguin on a stick in the back..... Fake of course. I think it might be for their garden. Unless I'm mistaken and it's not their garden at all!
4	I do come back here pretty regularly for their seitan hash.  The atmosphere is charming and a nice place to bring out of town guests.I don't know that I'd call it my favorite breakfast place in town, but it's definitely a regular stop for me.
4	hnnnnnnnnnnghhhhhh. THE SCONES. my god, the sconnnnnnnnnnnes.
2	Pro:-great location near bike path-hip crowd-OK diner style food-eclectic decorCon:-exceedingly hot in building-noxious bathroom odor-relatively long wait-griddle stench head to toe upon leaving-cold potatoes-hip crowd
4	Saturday morning at 9:30 and we ran into a half hour wait out the front door.  They moved things along quickly though.  I ordered their chorizo scrambler with potatoes and toast  on the side.  The scrambler was excellent, although I'll be back some day to try the frittata, which sounded just as good.  The interior of the place has a certain festive purple theme that feels something like Mardi Gras.  There were a handful of families eating here too, and the fairly spacious setup seemed right for a meal with kids.  All around, a great spot for breakfast.One heads up though - they only take cash and while there is a low cost in-house ATM ($1.75 fee), there are no Chase ATM's anywhere nearby, as far as we could find out.
5	Best scones I've ever had. Can't speak for the breakfast in the main bldg, but I stopped by yesterday to the "annex" for coffee and scones to go. I got the banana chocolate chip, orange coconut white chocolate, and cherry lemon creme ones. Wow. Wow. Wow. And on top of it all, the staff are so friendly. This place epitomizes what Madison is all about- top-notch quality and top-notch people, with a pleasant touch of hippie :)
4	i oedered the seitan hash because the previous reviews raved about it, but i have to admit i was disappointed. the scones were good, but i am used to them not being so sweet. oh well.the staff is great, the ambience is perfect to wake up slowly and even though i did not like my food so much i can tell they care about the food they are making and that they do so with love. I would still recommend this place to anyone who wants something a little different.i'm a fan!
4	To be honest, I only got a Scone and Coffee here....However......Really cool place I plan to visit again because....1. I thought Scones we're just really old pastries until I came here. Damn good!2. I want to hang-out next time, great place to do so.3. Menu looks great and it's priced very reasonable.  (1 Egg, Potatoes and Toast is $4.00)  I think an extra dollar will get you two eggs.4. The place is crowded, another great sign I need to explore the menu some more.I am glad I came here and encourage others to check this place out.  Go it alone or with a friend, neat place to people watch too.
4	Food is great... atmosphere is noisy but fun.... if there is a line (those in the know go in the side door and grab a table while others wait to order their food - otherwise you will never get one!)  Some items on the menu due tend to run out.... especially if they are fresh.
4	Best scones I've ever eaten.......they alone would warrant 5 stars.  Breakfast doesn't quite match up to the scones, but it's pretty good and consistent.  The scrambles (sundried tomato and bacon is my favorite) are always cooked slightly runny, which I prefer.  Portions aren't huge, but with the breakfast potatoes and choice of bread, it's adequate.  One of the nicest things about dining here is that I never feel bloated and overly greased-out.  The place does get awfully crowded and hot, so plan your visit accordingly.  Also Lazy Jane's only accepts cash and check (ATM inside), which is kind of annoying when you want to purchase extra scones to take home or to friends!!!!!!  I understand the establishment doesn't want to pay the bank fees with credit cards and such, but it's 2012 and we're not in Chinatown or dealing with contraband!  Definitely go for the scones, though!  They also serve them at Aldo Cafe at the Wisconsin Institute for Discovery!
4	Scones are incredible and the flavor combinations are creative. Had the orange coconut and white chocolate along with the raspberry and lemon cream. Took 6 home from the bakery next door and they lasted about 18 hours after we got home. Of course, not knowing that scone utopia awaited, I inadvertently made the mistake of ordering a full breakfast. Oh well. Worth it.
5	East side GEM. A little old house converted into a breakfast/brunch joint. I've been several times and the food is always great. Sweet, savory... it's all good. There are lots of really good brunch spots in Madtown, but Lazy Jane's is up at the top.
5	Highly recommend the avocado with pepper jack cheese on sourdough even if you're not a vegetarian! Delish kettle chips and salad (light dressing). The scone was good....but the frosting/cream on the lemon currant scone was a little too sweet for me. I will definitely go back to try their other scones...
5	I have just found my new favorite breakfast spot in Madison. Wow. The reviews are right, the scones here are the best I've ever had. But if you prefer more savory breakfast items, the scrambles are incredible too. I had the salmon scramble, which tasted light and fresh - it was heavenly. The chorizo scramble has a hardier taste, but is equally delicious. The wheatberry toast and their jams are worth trying too!! Something also needs to be said about the homey environment here - it is so inviting, and despite serving such great food, it isn't at all pretentious. I came here with about 10 friends, and while I know this place can be a little crowded during normal brunch hours, we found seating right away. Nothing beats good breakfast in a friendly environment with people you love - I will most definitely be back!!
4	The wait is worth it for the scones alone. Sweet or Savory any flavor. Their lemon scones are a taste of summer that never fades away... a ray of sunshine in every bite. Your going to want to pick up extra for later.  CASH ONLY!
5	1. Scone amazing2. Frittatta, jah?This is the best place to be when it's raining midweek, or for a weekend brunch (it gets a little hectic). Great decor, great food, great setup.There are costumes for the kids! I wish I could wear them.Feels like home
5	COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOREEEEEEEEEEEEEY! That's pretty much what happens when you line up at Lazy Jane's, order some grub, grab a seat and wait for your name to be called... if you're name is Corey. It's loud and I love it. You know what else I also love? Blueberry scones. And blackberry scones. And pumpkin chocolate chip scones. Really I just love scones. And for a few weeks now I've been foraging for the finest, until I read some recs that lead me to believe LJ's is where it's at. And it is. They're delicate, moist, sweet but not overly so, and warped up in the micro makes it seems as though they just came outta the oven.Add to this the fact that their other breakfast offerings are extremely reasonable for the amount of food, and you have a mighty morning stop. Bring cash though, because VISA isn't every you want to be, and the day I was there some eager eaters had trouble with the indoor ATM.
4	I frequent Lazy Jane's for 2 things:1) The seitan hash (the only meat analog dish I'll touch)2) To get sconedThis is one of my favorite breakfast spots in town.  I've run through a good chunk of the menu and it's all tasty.  I'm not usually a fan of the sweet stuff, but Lazy Jane's does it just right.  All the other reviews, are right: The scones are top-notch. I've gotta talk about that seitan hash.  This stuff is amazing.  It's meatier, more filling  and more savory than the non-veggie options.  I don't know what they do to make it so good, but keep it up!  If you need to have some meat, order it on the side.  Prices are very reasonable, coffee is decent, portions are big and the staff is great.  Make sure to bring cash or hit up the ATM inside cuz you won't be using plastic here.  They've got a good mix of table sizes, so bring your SO, your friends or your entire extended family.  It gets busy on the weekends, so plan to wait a bit; it's worth it.Sadly, they hand out buzzers on the weekends so no more [insert your NAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAME].
5	My favorite breakfast place in Madison! I always bring out-of-town guests here for a true taste of Madison.Their scones are crazy good. I am a big fan of the lemon cream ones, but I have never been disappointed by a Lazy Jane's scone.Their breakfast choices are all great. I usually go with a traditional eggs, bacon, and breakfast potatoes, but the scrambles and waffles are really good too!It gets pretty busy on weekend mornings. Be prepared to wait in line if you go between 9am and noon!And remember, it's cash only. I always forget...
5	Love this place!! Delicious, hearty, breakfasts, as well as awesome bakery items. Make sure you either get their really early (like before 9am) or late morning (around noon) because they get very busy during peak hours! Also:  Make sure you have cash, they don't accept credit cards!
4	Great little breakfast place.  Service is fairly fast once you get through the ordering line.  The food was all fantastic and I enjoyed the coffee.Jane ain't lazy in the kitchen.
4	I second Tom Q's review! LOVE the seitan hash and the scones are to die for!SCONE SCONE SCONE! Maple, lemon cream, almond, they're all delicious! It's easy to pop into the small LJ's bakery next door to grab a few (especially if you don't want to deal with lines at the restaurant). LJ's coffee is Yumm-O too - get it hot or cold (in the warmer months of the year). I love LJ's atmosphere. I feel like I'm having breakfast in a friend's house. The upstairs area is great. I particularly like sitting by the rail, looking down upon everyone picking up their food from the window! Food envy, anyone?
4	Kickin' cottage ambiance and a fun menu. I love this place and always go back for more sooner or later. Just be careful going during the rush (they get packed, but you can make it happen).
4	Scones to die for!  Breakfast is delicious and sets you up wonderfully for the rest of the day.  Only issue I have is parking.  The lot is too small and you have to park in the street, if you can find a spot close.
4	This is a very nice breakfast & lunch place on the near-east side of Madison.  The scones are, by far, the best that I have ever had in any city (my personal favorite is the cherry scone)!  While I have never headed her for lunch, every breakfast entree that I have tried has been quite good, and there are always a wide array of specials in addition to the set menu.  There are also many options for both vegetarians and omnivores.The only downfall in my opinion is the seating process.  While it's a piece of cake during slower times, it can be mass chaos during the rush (which is more often than not, especially on the weekend).  If everyone were to wait until after they ordered to secure seating it might work well, but there are always those people who save places and then get in line.  Seating for groups larger than 4 can be quite a tall order.  I would say that this is the main factor that keeps me from heading to this establishment more often than I currently do.
5	I'm so very happy that Lazy Jane's is walkable for me! We bring all of our visiting friends and family here for the atmosphere, food and consistency.Here's a typical weekend brunch visit (weekday mornings are super low key):1. Arrive at a line out the door! Patiently observe the decor as you move inside. The staircase at the door leads up to the dining room.2. Have your cash ready! Cash only, but there is an ATM. (Leave a tip in the jar!)3. Pick a scone to nibble on while you wait for your breakfast. In my experience, the estimated wait time is an over-estimation. "30 minutes" was actually about 20 for us.4. When you order coffee (which is delicious), you'll get one free refill.5. If you'd like water, there are water coolers upstairs and downstairs with small glasses so you can serve yourself.6. You'll be given a pager for when your food is ready (at less busy times, they'll shout whatever name you give them!)7. The upstairs dining room is super cozy! Reminds me of being in an old (kind of run down) bed and breakfast. But totally charming!8. When your buzzer goes off (or name is bellowed!) you can head over to the window and claim your meal. 9. Be prepared for an awesome, generously portioned breakfast. I can never finish my food. Eggs and potatoes are not gourmet, but they are not greasy or sloppy like some diner-style breakfasts. Everything is always juuuuuuust riiiight.10. Clean up your table and carry your dirties to a bus tub. It's the polite thing to do :)The guys and gals who work the register are always beyond friendly. You can personalize your meat, toast & coffee choices. You'll leave satisfied and cheerful! At least I always do :)
5	Scones are outrageously good. So is the SCC. They have recently been experimenting with not calling your nameout, which is a nice change, makes it quieter.
4	Went to Lazy Jane's for brunch this morning (around 1pm). Get there as early as you can! They ran out of a number of dishes and the scone selection was sparse. Also, they needed to restock the water glasses, and they ran out of forks, apparently due to a dishwasher malfunction. Eating the seitan hash with plastic cutlery is a little challenging =) BUT The food and atmosphere are still amazing. And I had the vanilla almond coffee. OMG! Yum!
3	There's a reason Yelp's overall rating is an average.  Restaurants can vary based on day of the week or time of the day.  I know this place has potential, but I was underwhelmed.  Imagine a breakfast place where you stand in line to place your order, you then proceed to stand around like a vulture trying to find a table to open up (It's can be competitive).  You then sit down to babies crying, people STOMPing up and down the stairs, people squeezing past your table to claim their table,  people re-squeezing past your table to retrieve their food downstairs (more STOMPing), people re-squeezing past your table to bring their food back, then again to get the condiments they forgot. You get the point? This place is a commotion.  Kind reminds me of Ian's Pizza at bar time...except it's Sunday morning and you're trying to enjoy breakfast.  Occasionally they have to holler out people's names that didn't come to claim their food.  It's loud.The above may be a bit harsh, but it's the truth, and not an extreme example. That said, LJ's could have a nice appeal to it when it's not the weekend.  I imagine they could have a nice relaxing place when there aren't 100 people in there. My food was nothing special.  Biscuits and gravy.  The biscuits were a bit dry.  I'd give them a 3 star. My girlfriend had the Chorizo scrambler. Picture attached. Pretty decent.On a positive note:  The orange coconut white chocolate scone was awesome.  As Corey D says, "It's bananas!"
4	Omg. yum.  Love that their menu changes each day and they have interesting special!They should consider getting with the plastic age and accommodating their customers by taking cards.
5	What a cute, cozy little breakfast cafe!They serve an assortment of breakfast and lunch dishes, including several vegetarian and vegan dishes. Portion sizes are generous and will fill you up.Their scones are delightful, never dry, and they're big enough to share!
4	Oh, Lazy Jane's! You are a Madison institution.Here are the things I love about you:-The decor make you feel like you are eating in your grandmother's living room, a ski lodge, and an art gallery all at once. -I like playing Scrabble while eating your delicious food.-I enjoy the camaraderie you feel in line while waiting to order. -I think it is adorable that your "OPEN" sign switches to "NOPE" when you are closed.-The food is excellent, and the lack of brunch cocktails encourages me to not waste my weekends day-drinking, which I am prone to.Here are things that I dislike, but will accept as part of life:-The long lines every day. I like you a lot, but sometimes I need hangover food immediately and opt to go to a way worse place across the street.-Cash only always throws me off. I wish you would accept my plastic or at least my good intentions as currency. -The gluten-free toast you have is kinda gross. I used to upgrade to it out of principle, but now I just give my toast to whoever I am eating with.
1	No credit cards?  No way.  It's 2013.  And I don't buy the "it's too expensive for us little guys" stuff.  No, it's the cost of doing business.  I saw a woman taking cards at a garage sale last year.  Your call, but the food isn't that good and I can get great eats and kitch ambience anywhere in Madison.
4	The year is 2049. Some character, whose name we will not mention, is contently leading a life of spinsterhood with cats, knitted afghans, mismatching chairs, endless scones and peanut butter hot cocoa. If this spinster were to own a home it would be that of Lazy Jane's. She would join her friends for a veggie-friendly breakfast with dishes like tofu scramble with siracha and veggies. Her most difficult decision of the day would be blackberry jam or marmalade? While the crew waits for their number to be called they'd dote on the precious tableside decor like state plates and vintage ketchup and mustard containers. Nameless spinster would people-watch the room full of treehugging Madisonians and hipster college students with a curious yet confused eye. In the end she would be full from her subpar tofu scramble but seriously contemplating a second order of the peanut butter hot cocoa because it was the sexiest experience she'd had in a while.
4	When I think of Lazy Janes I think of a sunny Saturday morning following a visit to the farmers market!  While yes great in the winter too...I just love the cozy homey feel of this place.  It can be packed on the weekend so you need to bring your patience, but if you come with good friends the wait is part of the fun!  Baked goods are obviously amazing...their scones are some of the best I've ever had (get the raspberry if it's available) and their morning buns are phenomenal.  Their food is always good and looks like your mom was in the kitchen cooking for you...nothing overly fancy but well done and delish.  I do miss that they don't yell your name out anymore from the kitchen when your order is up...that was part of the quirky charm to me, instead you now get a pager.  All in all a great staple for fun breakfast in Madison!
3	OK - how fair is a 3 star review? Well, Yelp tells me that it means A-OK. So I think it's legit. Let me preface though by saying that I didn't eat any of the pastries - I hear good things, so maybe I'll revise this up after I have.So why?1. The food was fine. I didn't have any complaints, but I wasn't overwhelmed either.2. Tables - Rob P's assessment is pretty much dead-on I'd say. I felt like I was competing at musical chairs. That can be fun, but sometimes you just want a little more organization to the process (ala Marigold). Must have been one of those days for me...3. The convenience factor is kind of meh. Small parking lot and I don't live over there. Again, it can contribute to the overall atmosphere (I love Brasserie V and no one ever accused them of even having a parking lot...), but I guess I'm not in love with the kitsch scene.I'll probably go back and I wouldn't anyone to NOT go there, but if I was making breakfast/brunch recommendations - I would probably suggest a double handful of places in Madison before Lazy Jane's.
3	The restaurant itself it really cute and very "Portland" feeling - laid back and hippy.  The food i found was only so-so.  I had the chorizo & eggs plate - couldn't find any chorizo in it, assuming it's ground so tiny it's only adding a little bit of flavor.  I found it to be fairly pricey for what was received.  Cute place to sit around and drink coffee, but if you're looking for a good value breakfast, I would wait until you get to the Capitol square.
5	L.O.V.E.D I.T.  Staff was friendly and the atmosphere was warm and comfy.  An old house converted, the upstairs seating offers more opportunity not to be in the thick of things downstairs.  Tables are scattered about along with cozier seating areas of armchairs and couches.  Decor is kitschy and includes a few smatterings of Christmas decor despite the fact that it's May.  Let's be festive, fine by me!   At 11am on a Friday the place was bustling but tables were free without having to stalk (weekdays are probably the time to go, based on what I'm reading here... I never have the patience to deal with crowded shenanigans on a weekend).  Our food was ready in minutes and super tasty.  The Seitan Hash ($7.50) is served with marinated seitan (YUUUUM), potatoes & peppers along with a side of eggs & toast.  The Frittata ($7.50) was equally delish, nicely portioned (not overwhelmingly large) with fresh veggies and cheese on top.  Remember to load your plate up with any condiments (ketchup, jelly, etc) you may need before getting back to your table.  My only kvetch was that the jelly jars weren't labeled so I spent more time than the average bear trying to distinguish between red jams.  Cash only but overall things were quite reasonably priced, me thinks.  Note: they do switch over from the breakfast to the lunch menu at 11am  (weekdays only) and staff did go through the line to determine who was there for breakfast before they made the official lunch switch (which consisted of flipping menu chalk boards around and declaring it would be lunch-only once new folks wandered in.  Fair enough!  Baked goods were tasty as well and it appears on weekends there is a bakery annex (for to-go bakery goods) to alleviate some of the restaurant crush --annex open from 7am-11am/12pm, probably whenever they run out!    While I may not be brave enough to try my hand on a weekend, this is definitely a stop I'd add to my itinerary for weekday adventures.
4	Awesome brunch place!!!It's always packed but you get seated in 10 and food comes by 20. Scones are delicious!!!! I love the savory ones! Quiches are great too. If you only want pastries, just walk down a couple of doors on the weekend and there's the pastry shop! And you can save the wait!I also LOVE pigs in a blanket!! How has anyone not done sausage in pancakes before?! The Mac and cheese pancakes with andouille sausage are really good too!!I also love the speedy eggwich, if you're into something simple :).  My new favorite is the grits with sausage patties on the side!! Best thing ever and I always have leftovers!!! :):)
4	I have tried several of their scones and breakfast meals.  I have been impressed every time.  I love the cheesy grits, the lemon scone (omg, seriously, the lemon scone), lemon ginger tea.  BUT if you have not been before, weekends are crowded.  I haven't been earlier than 10am, but it is packed with a line out the door every saturday or sunday I've gone from 10-12.  Also, only open till 2, cause it's more a breakfast place.  But go chill out upstairs when they are super packed.
5	I've never been a huge fan of breakfast foods or bacon (I know, the horror!), but Lazy Jane's has made me a true believer! Plus, I can't even begin to rave about how cute the cafe is. It is A-dorable. With a capital A. Giant scrabble tiles, anyone? I only paid $8.12 for my B.L.T.P. and a mug of coffee - nice! I opted out of the potato side, but for ya'll carbo-lovers, you can add potatoes to your sandwich for a few extra bucks. Although presentation is lacking, I guess that is of little importance when your main focus is on the freshness of the food. In that category, Lazy Jane's definitely cannot be beat! (The bacon was still sizzling when I went to retrieve my sandwich from the window. Tttssssss!)Lazy Jane's, you have truly won my heart. I can't wait to be back to try more of the menu. :9
4	This place is wonderful!  I'm not sure who Lazy Jane is but she is most certainly not the hard working baker of the gorgeous scones and pastries!  With a wonderful neighborhood and community feel, this cozy place really impressed me.  Although I was trying to be good today and just had a coffee, I can't wait to go back for a raspberry scone and peanut butter hot chocolate.
3	I like the different way it is set and what makes it unique, but somehow fighting for table, and the yelling of our name for kitchen uhh ,also limited  choices and cash only
3	Yup, i'm keeping my ambiguous 3.5 star rating. I just don't go ecstatic about L-Jane's. Coffee is ok, the scones (and by now, I've tried most of the flavors), the atmosphere, and most importantly, the tofu scrambles are all - 'alright.'There's nothing particularly wrong about their offerings, but none jumps out as the exception. I certainly don't wake up thinking about Lazy Jane's bk. I'll keep trying, and hopefully, they'll do the same, too.
4	Wonderful establishment. I imagine seats are hard to come by on weekends, but during the week this place is very comfortable.
4	Best scones & croissants in the city by far!!!
4	fun vibe, and great food. I LOVED my chorizo scramble. Scones and morning buns are amazing. Good coffee. Only disadvantage is you have to go downstairs to get your drinks refilled.
4	Oh yeah, had the pancakes here the other day along with 2 egg and a side of bacon and it was smashing.  Don't let the line scare you, there is a lot of seating inside and the food comes out pretty darn quick after you order.  An excellent spot for brunch or breakfast on Saturday or Sunday (I'm sure all other days too).  Looking forward to coming back and trying something else as long as the blueberry pancakes don't call me in....
3	The good: the atmosphere is great. Chalkboard menus, baked goods on display, Christmas decorations already up (nov 2).The bad: the gingerbread latte was a little bitter. The potatoes were a little dry.The ugly: my buddy Will that I went with.
4	Best scones I've every had, especially the cherry ones. This is a very charming family-friendly place for breakfast so bring the kiddos. It's like eating at grandma's house, it's that cozy and sweet, with some retro touches and you can eat in the attic too. The food was delish--pumpkin pancakes and an artichoke scramble. Did I mention the scones? I would give it 5 stars, but the limit on coffee refills is a problem and a downer--just have free coffee refills available upstairs please!
4	A Madison institution; legendary in, on, and around the Willy Street neighborhood and beyond. Been here many times, primarily for coffee and a quick scone, other times for a full breakfast.+ Great coffee, especially the vanilla almond+ Scones are *usually* good. Some have been quite dry, but majority are excellent+/- Breakfast meals are good, but not over-the-top-exceptional. Love the Seitan hash; quiche are always good; pancakes are solid.+ During the week, service is fast and prompt. In and out in a few minutes or less- Weekends? Forget it. Waits are too long, no seating, often out of silverware... - Cash only (theme around Willy Street)- Almost no parking; lot is difficult to navigate (typical of Willy Street area)I'd recommend visiting during a weekday if you can swing it. It'll greatly improve the experience.
4	Phenomenal scones. They have a unique breakfast and brunch menu that is very tasty but you have to go for the scones. The scones are made fresh every day and go quickly, so get there early. If you get there by 9 am there will still be a full selection of scones, including gluten free. My favorite scone is the lemon gluten free. I don't normally bother to do a GF diet, but these things are fantastic. Buy one for breakfast and one to snack on later that day. By the way, they are huge and probably the best value around based on size and price alone. The only drawback to LJs is that it is so popular there is frequently a line out the door and you might have to wait for a table. Try the breakfast and brunch menu on a quiet day and come back on a busy day just for the scones. Fun tip: the fry cook yells out your name for order pickup loud enough to hear it on the second floor. Yes, it's pick up your own order and clean your own table but the low prices are worth serving yourself (plus no tip needed).
5	This place never disappoints. They have it down to a science... Fresh food, prepared in a kitchen the size of a postage stamp by a staff who look like they were born on Willy St. The scones are incredible, the coffee strong, the scrambles inventive and the crowd a constant. In an effort to cut down on my intake I ordered a scone and two poached eggs, soft. My eggs were nothing short of perfect. A rare treat. Line appeared daunting but it moved quickly. Do not be deterred. Worth the wait.
4	Warning: cash only.I love brunch. The venue is a little cramped, but I love it. The great thing about Willy Street are the house-turned restaurants. Laz Jane's gives off that hipster/intimate feel in a way that I haven't found replicated by other places. Mickey's Tavern comes close with its upstairs antique shop, but I love the upstairs part of Laz Jane's. Their scrambles are delicious. If you are looking for an intimate brunch place, I would recommend this place, but you need to come early unless you're willing to wait. It's a great place to catch up with a few (up to a group of 5 would be my suggestion) friends on a weekend morning. You order at the counter and seat yourself. With a few couch seats (my favorite) and a bunch of small tables, you can have your own intimate gathering. There are many great brunch places in Madison, so if you're looking for what stands out, here's my opinion: come here if you want a hipster coffeeshop feel with good breakfast food
5	They have amazing amazing pastries! I can't get over their almond croissant!! I'm usually pretty picky about scones, but their scones are so perfect (for me at least). Their food menu is a bit limited, but simple and gooood. I have tried the chorizo scramble and the guacamole omelette. Both great. I love the salsa that comes with it too! Their regular coffee is good and they offer free refills for mugs, and I'm usually pretty happy with 2 cups. The ladies who work in the front are so bubbly and pleasant. I usually dock a star for things like environment, ease of parking, and restaurant capacity. Lazy Janes is surprising large, homey, and has a lot of seating. They also have their own parking lot. However, tables fill up fast and the cafe stays full until the kitchen closes. The upstairs area is my favorite! it is so cute with a variety of chairs / couches.
5	As with everything amazing, be prepared to wait in line. I love everything on the menu, they had the best GF Scone I have EVER had.  Whenever I have a chance I visit.  Great place for some out of towers or even some West siders to visit and get a feel of East side Madison.
3	I've been stopping by here *a ton* over the past six months or so; usually 3-4x per week, primarily for coffee and a morning snack. A couple of dings since initial review:- Parking stinks on most days; navigating that lot is a nightmare- Inconsistent pricing on coffee... I *always* order a large French Roast coffee to go, yet I pay anywhere from $1.25 to $2.11 depending on the day and/or person running the register. This morning was the most unusual... the guy in front of me ordered two large coffees to go and was charged $1, total. I ordered 1 large coffee to go and was charged $2.11. The guy behind me ordered 1 large coffee to go and was charged $1.85. Pick a price, please?
5	Love love love. The atmosphere and the food is an awesome way to start your day. Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, so anytime I get the chance to go to Lazy Janes I never miss the opportunity. You cant go wrong with their iced chai's and anything on the menu. I definitely recommend trying their scones if you have a chance.
5	Be prepared to wait awhile, because there will be a line..but worth the wait! Breakfast was delish! Scrambled eggs w/ cream cheese & green onion is a must have!! They also have a great bakery with some of the best scones I've ever had..we tried the lemon, maple nut and almond joy scones...all of them were yummy!*cash only*parking is not easy
3	I might be getting old, but this place doesn't cut it for me anymore. I try not to eat animal products (read: vegan), but often end up making exceptions when eating out. I wish there was a vegan version of the SCC. I love that that they have waffles (Jane isn't that lazy if she has waffles), but I'm over standing in line just to have to get my own food.  It turns out they have vegan waffles, which aren't on the menu and are made from scratch, so be ready to wait a bit.
4	Cash only!  ATM in-house.The east side's quintessential breakfast spot.  Yummy food, neat seating, and they've got the food to back up their sass and humor.  Getting anything egg-related will leave you feeling happy, and then you can trundle on down to Batch Bakehouse to round out your breakfast feast.
5	Came up from Milwaukee looking for a cute place to get breakfast and this place was great! Super cozy. Perfect egg's and diced potatoes. Super friendly service and amazing scones!
5	I loved Lazy Jane's! I felt like going meatless and ordered the seitan hash. It was flavorful and light, not greasy. The homey, mismatched decor is right up my alley as well. You have to try a scone, they are some of the best ever! The girl working was super friendly and helpful. I wish I could say the same about the other customers waiting in line. You will have to wait in line on a weekend, but it is worth it. Cash only, order and pay at the counter.
5	Lazy Jane's is one of the true gems of Madison. I love bringing out of town guests here. The food is amazing and the eclectic decor is so representative of its east side location. Today I had the caprese scramble: eggs with tomatoes, mozzarella and basil. It was wonderful. I often have the scramble with cream cheese and scallions. I like it so much I crave it.Don't forget to get your scone on while you're there, or take one to go. I'm not kidding, you'll never eat anything like it. They are so good I have bought them for work events at the office.
4	I have always had a nice experience at this place. The breakfast menu doesn't has as much variety as the lunch/ dinner menu, however, the food whatever you get is tasty
5	We happened upon this place unexpectedly while searching for a place to grab Easter brunch. We weren't looking for a big buffet or fancy meal, so we were happy to find out that Lazy Jane's was open.First thing I loved: it has a very homey atmosphere and is in an old house. Although I've heard it's hard to get a table during peak times, there is a lot of seating and even an upstairs dining room.As far as food options, they are endless. I was thrilled to grab a seitan scramble. You get to pick from a variety of bread (seriously, there's 7 or so options available each day) for your side, which is another added bonus. Veggie options, fresh bakery items, and friendly service made the ordering step a piece of cake. Disclaimer: I did not see cake as one of the fresh bakery items.Once we sat down and indulged on our breakfast, it was amazing. We all loved our food, although it wasn't fancy. My scrambled and potatoes was a bit above the level of greasy diner food, but really tasty overall.I wish they would be open for more than just breakfast and lunch, but they sure do a good job on those meals. I'll be back very soon!
5	Lazy Jane's is a gem. Good food, great atmosphere, the perfect breakfast place on Willy St.
5	Wow!  The reviews I heard and read about this Cafe were great, so I decided to give it a try.Located on the East Side of Madison it was right on my way to the Freeway back to Milwaukee after going to the Madison Farmer's Market.This place is a bit of a time warp, and I loved in.  Large painted wooden letters with the bakery's name took be back in time, like way back in time.But the moment I walked in the door and saw the large glass bakery case I KNOW you made a good decision to come here.  The scones, the croissants and the biscuits are all fresh, large and enticing.  And yes, they do taste as good as they look!I had a bacon and cheddar scones that was divine!   The small flecks of local bacon and the shreds of Wisconsin aged cheddar were in perfect proportion to the well seasoned and perfectly baked scone.While I was waiting for my scone to be heated I checked out the kitchen.   The concept here is casual awesome.  Order and pay at the register and get your beverage and bakery at the counter.   If you order entrees there's an open window to the kitchen and you wait for yours to come up and serve yourself.I watched pretty awesome plate sized Belgian waffles, light and fluffy omelets and  stacks of golden pancakes come out of that window.  It really made me wish that I had the time for a full breakfast, and I will make sure that I do next time.Because based upon my experience here there will certainly be a next time!
5	Love this place! One of the best places to get awesome b-fast. Especially vegan b-fast. I love that they ask you when you order the tofu scramble if you're vegan and tailor your diet to the available bread and butter options.  Just try to not go during prime time otherwise your wait is going to be forever, but it's still worth it! They also do take out and the coffee is delicious.
3	I loved the decor and cuteness of this cafe. I originally wanted to go to Lazy Jane's for breakfast but didnt make it in time but ended up getting lunch. I ordered the soup and sandwich combo of half a ruban and French onion soup.  The sandwich was good but had a bit too much sauerkraut, however the soup was flavorless and needed a bunch more seasonings.   I hope next time I go I can make it for breakfast or order something better.
4	A favorite for breakfast or brunch when friends or family are visiting.They have *numerous* options for the vegetarian crowd, a fair number of vegan options, and their gluten-free lemon scones are still my favorite out there.Super-friendly staff, homey atmosphere, and delicious food.The only "negatives" I'd give them are that they're always *insanely* busy, and they're an option best when you're dining in a group of 4 or less, unless your party doesn't mind sitting at multiple tables.
5	Hands down one of my favorite brunch places anywhere. The food is delicious but the atmosphere, decor, and staff make it all worth it. There are such warm, inviting vibes and it is a great place to take a group of friends or a date. Also it is moderately priced so it won't break the bank!
5	My favorite thing about Lazy Jane's is the scones. They have excellent scones!This is a great place to meet up for breakfast or brunch if you are planning to spend some time walking around Willy St. The place has a great atmosphere and a delicious menu.
5	I was visting a friend in Madison from Boston and she took me to Lazy Jane's on a  Sunday and I loved it! I am gluten free and found that everything tasted delicious-- right down to their gluten free scones YUM! Free coffee refills, friendly and creative vibe, perfect brunch place. Hope to go back soon!
4	I was in Madison for a conference and came by this place though my hotel was on the other side of town. The coffee was good and the pastries were delicious. Have a croissant (any croissant) and you will not be disappointed. My favorite is the almond croissant. The atmosphere is what kept me coming to this place. It attracts people of all ages and reminded me what it means to sit down and actually enjoy someone's company and conversation while eating. I liked it. Good vibes coming from this place.
5	I love everything about Lazy Janes!  The staff are awesome, friendly and hilarious!  They have the best scones in Madison!!! My personal favorite is the lemon scone...mmmmmm. Fortunately I live a block away and can walk there whenever I crave their coffee!!!
4	Solid, funky place. I stop there for breakfast once a week becuase it's delicious. The menu is fresh, the food is well portioned, not boring and flavorful. It's in an old house, which is cool, but the tables are tiny. I've not had a bad meal in six months, so what does that tell ya? the other reviewers have pointed out their strengths - their hash is fantastic, the baked goods are a must. I bring them home to Chicago each time I go. Visit this place and support them.neg - the cash only thing is a bit backward, i know it saves them money and I dont care, but i've seen many people in put in awkward positions becuase of it. I think its time to step up LJ and join the future and dump the cash machine - u could fit another table in the place.....
5	Soooo good.  I'm a sucker for scones over any other pastry and couldn't resist a blueberry one.  It wasn't too sweet and had just the right amount of moisture.  The scone definitely has a lemon flavour but it compliments the blueberries loaded in the treat.  The density was perfect and the icing/glaze wasn't overpowering.  It's making my current bus ride to Minneapolis bearable.I also had a quick sandwich (I've already forgotten its actual name...) but it was egg, sausage, and cheese open-faced on a larger than average English muffin.  Filled me up for the morning and the egg wasn't overcooked.  Solid.  The folks working were friendly, quick, and extremely flexible.  A long line had formed by the time my friend and I got there but we were helped in no time.
4	They keep it simple but they get the basics right. Good service, excellent food and great value. Breakfast burrito is delicious.  There is a wide selection in the bakery. The interior and furnishings are simple at best but I cannot fault this place!
4	Adorable, quaint coffee house with comfortable food. Peppermint mocha was so good! Blackberry scone was great. Lots of pastry options!
5	I drive two hours to go here twice a month. I would ask Jane to marry me if I had the chance.
4	Obsessed with this place! Cute brunch place with a lot of gluten free pasteries that actually taste good! This place is cash only
1	I have eaten here for years and it is usually pretty good.  But it it smokey as fuck.  They need to get their hood fixed or upgraded for the health of their employees and patrons.  Surprised it would be up to code in its current state.
4	Great local spot.  Seating can be a bit of a problem and the line for ordering gets pretty congested on the weekends - just FYI.  Tasty foodstuffs.  Best hot cocoa in Madison.
4	Amazing scones!  Great breakfast food.  All around wonderful little place.
