2	I only use the ATM at this branch. I have had bankers open accounts in the past without my knowledge and when I asked for the District Managers phone number, I was given an assistants name and number under the impression that she was the DM.  I understand bankers need to make their numbers but opening accounts without a customers consent so that you can make your "numbers" is illegal.
1	I am ex Wells Fargo customer.  Years ago, they started charging me for a billpay service that had previously been free.  I called to cancel the service only to find they charged me a fee for speaking to someone to cancel the service.  Needless to say, I took my money elsewhere and haven't looked back.  On occasion, I have checks from Wells Fargo and as there is a location near my house, it is convenient to stop there and cash them.  Up until today, they have been cool about it and haven't harassed me too much about becoming a customer.  They've followed suit with Chase and now make you go through this ridiculous "check verification" process.  The teller sends me over to another teller where I wait in line behind Cowboy Bob who is talking incessantly about his grandchildren.  I wait and I wait and I wait.  About 15 minutes go by and I start attempting to telekinetically staple the tellers to their desks.  One of the tellers notices that I am getting angry and may possibly have a gun in my purse so he sends another teller up to help me.  As the guy is verifying the check, he asks me if this is a business check.  I say "It's just a personal check."  He says "No, what I mean is did someone pay you for a service?"  What I want to say: "Yes, I am a very expensive prostitute."  What I do say: "It's just a personal check."  He then asks me if I'm happy with my bank.  I say that I am and he proceeds to ask me why I didn't take my check there.  I reply, "Because I felt like bringing it here."  We do have a local bank that we don't love.  I MIGHT have been open to coming back at some point but if this is how they treat their non-customers, I don't have a lot of hope for how they treat their actual customers.  I would hate to think that someone who has every right to cash a check that I wrote them would be put through this kind of hassle.  I left before actually stapling a teller to a desk.  This is probably the best possible outcome.
5	I'm so surprised to see the negative remarks with this branch located off carefree highway. I am a business owner and have all my operational accounts through Wells Fargo. My five children all have their teen checking and savings here as well. Without a hitch I highly recommend this branch!  All the tellers know my business, know my children and my wife all by name. I'm very pleased with how Ira handles my accounts and has opened ALL my business accounts. When I call with a question he quickly answers it. If he is not available he returns my calls promptly. The branch manager is kind to my children as he had a hand in opening their accounts. Drive through tellers are quick, swift and very professional!  Again I'm very surprised by the negative remarks with MY branch. I can't speak for everyone BUT I can speak on behalf of 18 business and personal accounts that are within my home and business. Thank you carefree highway!  All of you rock!! Keep up the great work and see you all during bankers hours lol lol lol - April (Moms on the go)
