5	My family and I tried the gyros sandwiches here and they were very authentic with huge chunks of chicken in them. My mother in law had the beef and it was wonderful as well. The onions and peppers were definitely cooked with great love and care. This restaurant has been around for many decades, maybe not here in Vegas but in many parts of the country have they decided that Vegas was the place for them. I am happy that a new Greek/Mediterranean style place has opened up so close to home and their hours of operation are from 11 a.m. To 8 p.m. Welcome to the neighborhood Mad Pita Express!
5	I'm mad about Mad Pita!  The food is wonderful. The owner is very nice and the place is very clean!
4	Do you enjoy gyros? I do. I have enjoyed them since I was a boy in the Chicago suburbs. After eating my first gyro from Mad Pita Express, I told my fiance that it was the best that I had ever tasted! The meat is tender, and delicious. The cucumber sauce, tomatos, and herbs are fresh and good. The Pita is puffy and soft. My second time to Mad Pita Express I brought my fiance and she ordered a very good lemon rice soup. Very lemony and tasty!  She also enjoyed a piece of fresh baklava which she said was special.5.00 for the Gyro is a very good price. The soup is 2.99 for a good sized portion. It takes a few minutes wait for the food to be prepared. However, the quaint, cozy restaurant has interesting decor that my fiance and I enjoyed looking at for several minutes--family pictures, many different plants, and eclectic artwork.This is a small, casual, counter-service restaurant. You can dine in or carry-out. We chose to dine in, and our food was brought to us, along with plastic-ware and napkins.
4	It's $5 for a gyro, falafel or veggie pita and $3 for a side of deliciously seasoned fries. The pita is soft, puffy and warm and the gyro I had was tender and tasty as were the fresh feta and vegetables in the pita.  I can also give a thumbs up to the hummus & baklava. Probably my new fave lunch spot close by!
2	Prices at mad pita are pretty cool, the service is great, there's fishes floating around in vases on the table...And...my gyro meat wasn't roasted and carved off the spit how I like it :(Gyro meat is in strips and fried on a skillet top; not how I prefer. The lettuce and veggies were fresh, the tzatziki sauce was yummy as was the feta, but the meat and boring pita killed my gyro experience. Boyfriend got the falafel, he said it was yummy, overall more satisfying than my meal (as usual).Not sure if we will head back for round 2...I need my satisfying gyro fix! I ordered the baklava for dessert, it was a little different than the traditional Greek style I have had before. Really buttery but otherwise a little bland.
4	I found a new great place to get something quick , easy and healthy. I ordered the spicy chicken pita slathered with a potato paste and some type of ranch dressing to coat. It was so good. Hit the spot. Just what the doctor ordered. Great new addition to the area.
4	Went here for lunch with a friend a few weeks ago.The people were friendly, the food was prepared quickly.We had the falafel and gyros and were not disappointed!  Tasted great and I recommend it for anyone who is craving Mediterranean food.
4	Yummy food fast! I called in our order and was told it would be ready in 10 minutes and it was! The falafel is delicious!! My Vegetarian friend at work raved about them so I had to try it. I also have tried the Gorgonzola salad, which is equally amazing! The portion is huge (plenty for 2 people to split) and the combination of the raisins, pecans and sun dried tomatoes is delightful. The hummus is flavorful, with a little kick to it. The pita bread is always soft and fresh. This is a great lunch option if you're looking for something different.
5	After a trip to the DMV to get my son his permit, we took a maiden voyage in my civic to Mad Pita.  I love a good falafel and after seeing some very positive reviews on yelp, I wanted to check the place out.  I decided to get the falafel and my son being less adventurous ordered the seasoned fries and a soda. We sat down at the few small tables they have as you walk in and waited for the order to be made. Looking around there were some pretty cool looking plants that I havn't seen very often, which  was nice. At each of the tables there are various clear vases with random plants in then and upon further inspection  I noticed there are small fish in each one. It was like a Mad Pita non-petting zoo.  The order came out fairly quickly and I started in on my falafel. There are 3 pretty large falafel balls in each pita. They are so large it is impossible to wrap the pita around the falafel balls.  After the first bite I was in love.  I loved the falafel as much as Dale Cooper loved a damn fine cup of coffee.  Its was truly perfect.  The seasoned fries were delicious  as well.  I don't live very close to Mad Pita but I will be making special trips on a regular basis since I am now hooked.  Thank you Mad Pita.
