4	Pretty cool.  I'm not a rare book buyer- yet- but I probably will be down the road.  Probably wouldn't want to buy a rare book from a shop with this kind of overhead- shop at the Palazzo?  But it's worth checking out.
4	We went in asking for Principia Mathematica, though they did not have it in stock, the attendant was very helpful & informative. It is regarded as one of the most influential texts of our time though, and the attendant did not know of it until she looked it up for us.Oh yeah, and they found out there are only 50 copies in the world of it in private hands, and it costs $45,000 for the the three volume set, first edition...
5	Allan Wolper did an interview with Natalie Bauman of Bauman Rare Books last year! Here's the link, her interview is near the bottom of the page: http://www.wbgo.org/news/ondemand/wolperArchives.php
4	I'm a book snob so spotting this shop out of the corner of my eye made me squeal with delight, make a sharp right turn, and head in.This shop is full of beautiful books.  Intricately bound, hand carved covers and rare to find first editions.  This was a true gem on the Vegas strip and made me want to join the ranks of rare book collectors. Of course, my pocket book can't afford such a luxury but I loved hearing all the talk about how these books were collected and the stories behind them.  If you're a book lover, you will appreciate a visit to this shop. This is not your average book store.
5	It doesn't seem strong enough to say that Bauman's is a treasure in Las Vegas. Whether or not you are in the market for a one-of-a-kind first edition or collectible antique print or other printed historic ephemera, you should take in this store. History before your eyes.
5	I stopped in and asked if they had a first edition of Frank Herbert's Dune.  They did. Only $9,500!  The were even going to let me touch it. I declined. I don't really want to hold a book worth that much, but I did feel a certain reverence in its presence.  If you are a book lover, Bauman is an amazing treasure trove of rare and wonderful books.  Being able to afford any of them however, is an entirely different matter.To its incredible advantage though, the friendly staff doesn't make you feel like you are too poor to stop in and look and for that reason I highly recommend it.
5	I don't kid myself.I will never be able to afford a single item in this store. Even if I could afford it, I could never install the right equipment to maintain the artifacts they sell here. To quote two great men (Wayne and Garth, from Aurora, IL) : "We're not worthy!"This store, my friends, collects our history. They have signatures of Abraham Lincoln and FDR gracing the walls. They have first editions of everything - like Cat in the Hat to Tom Jones. They have handcrafted freaking illuminated bibles on sale... you can practically see the priest hovering in candlelight as he scrawls on the parchment paper.Un-freaking-believable. This bookstore is hardcore porn for book and history lovers alike - sorry, just saying it as it is.
5	This place is "Book Porn" in the strongest sense of the word.I don't mean in some twisted, dirty "Adults Only" sort of way.  But if you are a fan of the printed word, this place is worth the visit.It's history, pure and simple.  Books date centuries back in this place, and are on display.  The service has always been very nice, and they have catalogues that you can take home and browse through the selections offered.Bear in mind, that this is a collector's place.  You don't plan to buy these books for cheap (think thousands upon thousands for some of these first editions), and these aren't something one would place on a standard bookshelf and go.  I wouldn't even begin to speculate the care needed to display these books, much less a letter from Abraham Lincoln (which they have).Still, it's an amazing place to browse through and see what was.  And if you love books, Bauman Rare Books is utterly fascinating.
5	This shop, located between the Venetian and the Palazzo, is not your ordinary antiquarian bookstore.The store is not huge, but their selection and collection is amazing. First-editions in pristine condition of Huckleberry Finn (green Webster binding) and Connecticut Yankee caught my eye. It's not just remarkable that they have the selection that they do... It's remarkable the condition that their books are in.As mentioned in other reviews, this is basically a museum-grade artifact store. The storekeepers are not pretentious though. A sign politely invites guests: "Ask us to show you how to handle antique books." Very dignified, and a much better approach than the typical book-Nazi approach that you would typically find in a store with their inventory.If your literature teacher in high school or college ever touched you, you owe it to him or her to stop in this store at least once if you are in the area.
5	Wow. This is a bibliophile's paradise. I'm in heaven. Autographed books, rare covers, 1st editions. Just wow.
5	I give this place 5stars cause they have some cool and hard to find books. I thought my college books were expensive when I was paying 400bucks per book....this place made me feel like I was paying lunch money for my medical books...crap!
4	Bauman Rare Books is every bit as cool "in person" as it looks on Pawn Stars!  There is an amazing array of rare books on display, from world history, to American politics, to important literary works.I have to disagree with Vanessa M. about the staff.  Hubby and I mentioned that our daughter was beginning to collect signed literary editions, and the two employees in the front of the shop both bent over backwards to give us helpful advice and to show us interesting books - even though we had made it clear, right up front, that we weren't going to buy anything.
4	"You asked me to sign your book so here is my signature.Best Wishes, Jerome David Salinger"Catcher in the Rye signed copy to his mother in law.  $42,000That's the kind of thing you'll find at this amazing store in Vegas.Located in the heart of the Palazzo, you will find an incredible collection of antique books that you can actually touch.  Antique books that were touched by the the authors themselves.  Collections and collections of ancient books that would have otherwise been lost under the ruins of time and changes in culture.  Rare copies of books written and often signed by presidents.  All in a beautiful display for you to look at and even touch.  The sales people are not stingy about letting you touch the books.  As long as you're gentle.  They are very knowledgable about the books and their history and are willing to show you any book and tell you of their history.My favorite find was an illustrated bible centuries old that was illustrated by Ruebens.  His method was to hand carve the pictures on wood backwards and then transfer it to paper.  Simply stunning.  One of the most beautiful things I have ever seen.  Exquisite detail.Of course most of these books are $5,000 and up.  if I ever win big, the first thing I am going to do is buy a signed copy of Through the Looking Glass.  Honestly though, you don't need a book that sits on a shelf when you can go to this store and touch the real thing.Pull yourself away from those slot machines for one hour and visit this exquisite store.  I guarantee that you will hit it big at Bauman's Rare Books.
5	I had an amazing time at Bauman's during a recent trip to Vegas. My friend and I dropped by on a Friday night and were some of the only folks in the store, and the employee was super nice. She offered to let us see anything, including in the glass case, and she said we could take as many pictures as we wanted. Try THAT in a museum!This may seem obvious, but as wonderful as the books in the glass cases are, there's also lots of gems in the main shelves--and all of them have an info sheet tucked against the inside cover/endpaper, much like the display copies in the case.Hint for folks taking a cab and visiting this location only for Bauman's: Tell your cab driver to take you to Barney's New York at The Shops at the Palazzo. Walk through Barney's, take a left out of Barney's, and Bauman's is just a short walk down the hall past 7 for All Mankind.
5	Every book lovers heaven! Ok i might read a ton and be a little book nerdy but there are worse vices lol....An original pride and prejudice... You can feel the history in the pages. Looking at those books is precious, then they let you touch them, priceless. The staff is also helpful and the English literature conversations from kids books to classics is fabulous. Can spend hours in the store!
5	The place is PERFECT for the history nerd that is yours truly. I went to see the IN THE BEGINNING WAS THE WORD exhibit and MY GOODNESS was it fantastic. The collection of ancient scripture was beautiful, awe-inspiring, and just plain special to experience. It was a spiritual adventure for me and I got a lot out of it.After I was done viewing the Word, I took a stroll and discovered hand drawn maps of our great nation. I really wish I had a spare $3600 to spend on such a rare piece of history, but alas. They also had signed documents from President Lincoln, Winston Churchill, Tesla, Twain, and many others. For someone who dedicates my career and life to history, this experience was akin to Disneyland (but with less vomit and tears).I cannot wait to go back again and again to nerd out and dream of having money so that I can buy any historical artifact that tickles my fancy!
4	My boyfriend loves this store!! There are old, rare books that you won't ever see nowhere else. It's a very cool place to stop in and take a look around!
5	What an amazing shop...!!! For book collectors this is a must see while in Las Vegas. .... They have an incredible array of collectible rare books and ephemora...the prices reflect the rarity and quality of their inventory so be prepared... but at the same time the staff was patient yet attentive while we browsed. ..we also got to see the lady who appears on 'Pawn Stars' to assess books that are brought in...really a special store to behold!
2	If you are at all serious about rare books, don't bother with this place. Although it's fun to browse, I collect antiquarian texts and have been to many stores like this as well as the annual trade shows. I'll never come back. My issues:1) PRICE - I specialize in 19th and 20th century texts, so I can't comment on the pricing of older items. But from what I can tell, the mark-ups here are insane. (Anywhere from 40% to 100% over the prices you'll find if you run a quick Google search.) If you actually want to buy anything, you would do much better going through eBay or any independent (but ABAA-licensed!) dealer.2) TOUCHING THE BOOKS - Maybe I just had bad luck, but the man working here would not let me touch any of the items in the glass cases. Allowing potential customers to touch the items that interest them is standard in this industry. While I understand that this store probably gets more foot traffic than any antiquarian bookstore in the country, they clearly had the supplies on hand (gloves, foam supports) so that customers could touch the books if the staff deemed them worthy. I suspect that the man who worked here did not take me seriously because I am in my twenties. Although I was dressed business-casual (was on my way to dinner), you'd think I was Julia Roberts at the beginning of Pretty Woman. Big mistake. Big. Huge! I have to go shopping now.3) STAFF - On a related note, the guy working here was incredibly patronizing, again (I suspect) because of my age. He didn't seem to know much about the David Foster Wallace book I was interested in (fair enough, everyone has their specialties). But instead of answering my question or admitting he didn't know the answer, he launched into a spiel about why we put mylar covers on dust jackets. Compelling. When I asked about the provenance of a book, he told me that it came from a "private individual" and that he couldn't give me any more information than that because of privacy concerns. Fine. But then he added that it's "typical" for antiquarian booksellers not to give customers any information about where they got the books--which is objectively not true. I have worked with a number of rare booksellers and "typically", they bend over backwards to give me information about what I'm looking at (all while respecting the privacy of the person they got the book from, obviously). And even if they don't have that info, they would never make me feel bad for asking.The impression I came away with was that Bauman does not care at all about their customers--not enough to charge them fair prices, and not enough to treat them with respect when they visit the store. Such a shame.
5	As I've visited this store over the years, I've encountered the following:1 - An autographed first edition of The Great Gatsby...[swoons]2 - A copy of Shakespeare's second folio...[faints]3 - A Chumlee on the tail end of a Pawn Stars taping...[giggles]If those three finds don't warrant a five star review, I don't know what does!
5	I was in Vegas for a couple of days and had an afternoon free. Decided to check out Bauman Rare Books...so glad I did!! It was my first time at the store and I was overwhelmed at all that they had there...some amazing items!! I was especially taken by the historical ones, such as The Federalist and The Declaration of Independence (to name a small few). There is something for everyone in this store from Walt Disney to books from the literary greats!  You can not help but find something exceptionally interesting in every part of the store.  I would've spent even longer there but didn't want to overdue my stay with the very kind woman that was working (forgot her name)...but she was extremely friendly and informative! Whether you want to window show or purchase, the staff seems inviting, friendly, and willing to share background on all the pieces.  What a gem of a store...I will be sure to make the store a visit on my next trip to Vegas and highly recommend it to any one that may be in Vegas or visiting!!
5	Over the years we have seen Rebecca Bauman on Pawn Stars so when we were staying at the Venetian we stopped in - we had one of the most enjoyable hours ever! The history in this store is incredible. They had a copy of the Peter Force Engraving of the Declaration of Independence - I nearly cried!! A first edition of Tom Sawyer signed by Mark Twain (big deal since I grew up in Hannibal), books signed by Oscar Wilde - every case, every display desk held a new adventurer. I've never seen a place like it. I wish I would have had an extra 40k in my pocket because I would have left with that Force engraving but alas no but it was an honor to see it. If you love history and books stop in and even if you don't, stop in - you will learn something!!!
