4	After a cold hike around Old Montreal, we stopped in to the bustling Creperie Chez Suzette. We had just had lunch, so we got dessert here. We ordered what is called the symphony crepe. It was a giant crepe filled with blueberries, strawberries, bananas, orange slices and grapes. Soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good! Check it out when you are in the Old Montreal area.
4	Housed in a small three story building in Old Town Montreal's touristy cobblestone district sits Creperie Chez Suzette (CCS) I sat myself inside CCS and found it quaint despite the bustling streets. I think that the French country decorations added to the quaintness to it. I sat at a table at the front of the restaurant near the open windows to people watch. It provided great entertainment while I waited for my order.It serves crepes in hardy sizes, sizes that I've never seen before, even in Paris. I could barely finish the first one. Admittedly, I had a small salad before hand that may have damped my eating capacity.CCS is moderately priced for a wide variety of crepes from vegetarian to the rich and dangerous sweet filled crepes sauced in chocolate, saddled with ice cream and filled with fruit - strawberries or bananas.
5	Absolutely divine crepes, very indulgent and yet not so filling that you feel stuffed afterwards.We were warmly greeted at the door by the hostess and immediately seated (a nice surprise at noon on a holiday Monday in the touristy part of town!) at a table in the middle of the room, then she promptly moved us to a table near the window as soon as she finished cleaning and resetting it, without us even asking.The service was quick and polite, coffee was refilled without us needing to ask and the crepes... well, they were delicious.I ordered Le Sonia, which was strawberries, bananas, vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce. My husband had Le Jamaicaine, which was similar, but without strawberries. Both of us easily finished our crepes and one of the two scoops of ice cream, were satisfied and agreed that there was no way we could have had a savory crepe and then the sweet ones, so I think it's the type of place we'd return for a dessert or specifically for savory ones for a meal. The coffee was even very good (Cafe Brossard brand, I believe) and provided a nice balance to the dessert crepes.
4	I'm guessing Chez Suzette is pretty much just for the tourists based on the area it's in but if I lived in Montreal I think I'd brave the tourists to frequent this place.  It has a warm and cozy atmosphere, vegetarian options and reasonable prices for the portions and taste. I opted for the L'Argenteuil crepe, asparagus, bechamel sauce, and pine nuts in a crepe, then there's cheese on top and it's baked. OH MY GOOD GOD it was heaven wrapped in cream sauce and baked with cheese.  I asked to add mushrooms to the crepe and they came on the side.  At first I thought, that's weird, but it was nice to have a mushroom with every bite.   My husband opted for the Crepe aux Avocats, which boasted pesto, avocados, and tomatoes. He added swiss cheese, which was also baked on top.  It was a refreshing and yummy crepe but nothing compared to the fatty, rich, creamy crepe that I ordered.  He was jealous.  My reasoning for 4 of 5 stars instead of a full 5 is that the asparagus was just slightly tough.   A senior tour sat next to us and cracked me up with their Seinfeld's parentsesque comments.  They also seemed pretty happy with their meals.  If old people like it it must be good right?
4	It's Montreal, and it's in a touristy section, so the prices are a little high, but the crepes were wonderful. I has the brie and green apple crepe and my husband had the mushroom/swiss crepe. We decided to pass on dessert, which is too bad because many of the dessert crepes looked amazing. The service was quick; the restaurant was large, clean, and comfortable.
4	When you're on vacation anything goes. An by anything I mean consuming a giant-sized dish of crepes, smothered in vanilla ice cream drizzled with Belgian chocolate, and piled high with strawberries and bananas--FOR BREAKFAST!On a snowy Montreal morning, we sat on the street level of this charming little creperie, watching the passersby and wondering how on earth they survived this weather without proper bundling! I kid you not, some of these people were in track jackets or heavy sweatshirts! I was but only thankful to be inside this warm, delicious smelling restaurant!With three floors and several pages of crepes to choose from (plus quiche and other fun foods) you'll find a place to plant your bum and some yum to fill your tum in no time!
1	It takes forever to get served.  It is a chain -- so the dishes aren't awesome.  Seems the sweet crepes are better (or at least look better) than the savory ones, we did not stick around to find out.  The savory crepes though... First of all, they don't taste so good.  The crepes are soggy, the chicken is a bit dry and the cream sauce put us in the bathroom for 2 days.  So, I would say never again
4	I really wouldn't have thought Brie, apples, and syrup would go so well in a crepe! The three-cheese crepe was also great. I'd love to have tried the dessert crepes.
3	It could have been romantic place, almost. I went there when there during weekdays, when less tourist in the area. The food was good, and tasted better with the nice winter light coming from the big windows on the second floor.
1	This is a typical Old Montreal tourist-centered dining experience. No repeat business expected. Omelets are chewy, filled with canned or overcooked vegetables and served with fake maple syrup. Real maple syrup costs extra. Drinks come from the fountain or an old coffee pot. Nothing interesting here. If this is the only crepe you've ever eaten, I pity you. Go elsewhere regardless.
3	Great location in Old Montreal and the old-world feel of the restaurant add to its charm. Service was not great, but aside from that the food was pretty good. There are some nice salad option which can be tough to find so if you're looking for some good greens this is a good location for you. Lots of sweet and savory crepes and fondue options.I LOVED my Parisienne crepe which had apples, brie and of course some maple syrup. Many of the other crepes included cheese and some more cheese on top...I felt like my dinner option was sutto healthy.  Chocolate fondue is a must and one portion was very generous. Our dessert was accompanied by loads of fresh fruit, bits of crepe and marshmallow.
4	We made a day trip to Montreal.  We ate here on a whim.  I was a little disappointed with the ambiance.  However, with two children, we weren't intimidated either.  We have taken our children to eat all over in Europe.  Unlike Europe, we felt our kids were welcome.  The food was decent;  we ordered the crepes for two and two kids plates.  I was full when I finished but not stuffed.  We don't eat crepes often but  I found these on par with what we had experienced in a similar restaurant in France (minus feeling the kids were not welcome).  Unlike some other posters here, I thought the crepes were pretty good.  Service was slow by North American standards but quicker that what I would expect in Europe.   Overall, we had an enjoyable dinner that was definitely better than a comparable restaurant in the US.  I thought our waiter was great.  He was very friendly although he did get a bit riled when he asked who I thought had the best hockey team.  I had to mention I was in Pittsburgh the day the Penguins brought the Stanley Cup to town :-)
4	I am very picky about crepes. This place was pretty great. Pretty awesome location on St. Paul in Old Montreal, you can't miss it. We ran in there because it was -28'C (aaaaaahhhhhh!!!!!!!) out and I didn't feel like poutine. We got there and the atmosphere was cozy and everything smelled good and the people were so nice and it was so warm. We sighed as we sat down by the window. Savory crepes are good, dessert crepes are better. Soups au gratin are really really good. Hot chocolate is excellent. Ham sandwich is eh. View outside is kinda romantic, which isn't difficult on that street. Price isn't really cheap, but worth it. Eat there.
4	OMGLove their crepes.  Had their la sonia crepe and a latte which ended up being $20.  But oh so delicious and filling.  Instead of having it as a dessert, that ended up being my dinner.  The crepe was thick enough to withstand the fillings.  It's not that thin where you can't even taste the crepe.  And they sure are generous with the fillings.  Delicious.  Latte wasn't strong enough though.
4	What's not to love about this place... yummy savory crepes and cafe au lait. We liked the crepes so much we came back twice during our trip. I love the egg, swiss cheese and avocado crepe. The restaurant looks small with limited seating until you walk upstairs to go to the washroom and discover an extensive upper dining room enough to seat 50.
1	I had the most horrible experience in that restaurant... we arrived to the restaurant before 7... we didnt get our entree until 9... we had to ask and remind that we hadn't ate... all we ordered were cheese fondues... we saw people who came after us left already... and the quality of the fondue wasn't even good... i had better in NYC... the service was terrible as well... we asked the waitress to lite the candles for the fondue(she only lite 1 candle which the cheese wasn't even hot) she told us all the excuses that she couldn't lite them while there are like 5 candles underneath...At the end, i requested for the manager... her reason for havin us waited for the fondue was the restaurant was really busy... dun feel sorry at all...
4	What more could you want?  Delicious, hearty crepes.  People watching from the third floor window.  They saved us when our blood sugar was low from too long of a walk through Montreal.  Merci, Chez Suzette!  Merci!
4	Dined here while on vacation this past summer & LOVED it.  Let me preface by saying that our hotel (L'Hotel, formerly the 19th Century) was in Old Montreal...more than one person advised against the neighborhood ("it's touristy, it's expensive, it's not near anything," yadda yadda)... But we thoroughly enjoyed Old Montreal - we were near the water (summer weekly fireworks!), within walking distance from Jazz Fest & were able to navigate public transpo to other areas of town (Plateau/Outremont/Mile End, etc.) rather easily.  SO that being said... I guess this restaurant (suggested by our hotel) falls into the "touristy" category because of its locale & its "more mid-priced than dirt-cheap" prices.  Whatever... what mattered to us was that the food was YUMMY & had we had more time, we would've eaten here again!  The menu offers a wide selection of crepes & non-crepe offerings.  But we were cravin' crepes so we split a "Sugar Shack" (ham, scrambled eggs & maple syrup) & a "Sonia" (strawberries, bananas, ice cream & chocolate sauce).  Both were absolutely scrumptious!  Great coffee too.  Located off historic & scenic St. Paul, this place looks tiny & quaint from the outside but it has multiple comfy & charming dining levels inside.  Our server was attentive & friendly.  We would definitely like to return some day to try their other crepes!
4	My first meal in Montreal and it was a delicious one. I was walking around the Old Montreal craving a crepe and a bailey's hot chocolate. This cute little creperie appeared magically at the corner of the street and I knew it was a sign to go in and try it. We sat next to the window and it was really lovely. We split and ham and cheese crepe and a swiss fondue, while sipping delish boozed hot chocolates. Such a gre8 way to start a trip!
4	Love this place. One thing to mention is is you go with a group of friends is great to share if you are into that. Crepes are big and quite filling, so i always like to share so i can try a few other types :)
4	I visited the Creperie on a trip home from Canada. We decided that while passing through Montreal we would stop and get something to eat there. After browsing a few review It was decided that the Creperie sounded the most appealing. We sat downstairs and ordered some drinking and soup and a crepe each. The hot cider I ordered was really good. I opted for the Non-alcoholic version since, this was about the time for brunch; even though I'm sure it was 5 o'clock somewhere. Then the soup came out which was out of this world. It cost about 9 dollars but was completely worth it. Finally I had my bacon and avocado crepe, which was all I had hoped it would be, although not being too surprised as how could you really go wrong with both bacon and avocado in something.  The girl who waited on us was very pleasant the whole time. Overall I was very pleased with the choice of lunch.
2	Yikes.  It just didn't hit the spot.  Maybe bechamel sauce isn't great with eggs but I just found the whole enchilada...I mean crepe...rather bland.
4	My boyfriend and I stopped here on a whim.  Thank goodness we stayed for a table, the food was amazing.  If you like crepes and seafood you must try La Neptune.  It's a bit pricey,  but oh so good.  La Quebecois is also very good.  Very filling as well.
4	Great specialty coffee/liquor  drinks.
4	Excellent crepes!  Strong, good coffee.  Big portions.  Great for breakfast.  Very accomodating for kids.  Strongly recommend for a simple affordably priced breakfast in old Montreal on a charming street.  Try the salmon, cream cheese and caper crepe!
4	came here on 8/7/2011 and had a wonderful crepe with avocado and chicken. The staff was friendly and helpful with my order. we would return the next time we visit Montreal. My husband ordered a crepe with asparagus and ham, he loved it.
5	On our first visit to Montreal, we visited Creperie Chez Suzette twice.  The first time was for dinner, and both consumed two dinner crepes.  They were wonderful, so we elected to have the fruit flan style dessert crepe between us.  It was also sensational.  The sauces really made all the crepes flavorful, and delicious.  We were on a Road Scholar tour, and had three days to explore old Montreal.  Again, for lunch today, we elected to visit again, and twelve other people came with us after we had shared our experience the previous night.  We ordered French Onion Soup, and it was also fabulous.  The others from our group also said their experience today was superb.  We had an outstanding male server on the second floor.  It made our day!
4	We got the strawberries and nutella crepe.  The crepe was nice and chewy with a thin layer of nutella (not overwhelming to make the crepe too sweet or soggy) with a scoop of ice cream in the middle and sweet strawberries.  A very good crepe overall!
4	Delicious savory and dessert crepes. A great spot in Old Montreal to sit and look out over the old stone road while eating this French delight. I stop here every time I am in town. Probably my favorite crepe joint in North America. The services is great too; friendly and fast.
5	These were by far the best crepes I've ever had. Even one of the better meals I've had. We got the apple, cheese, and maple syrup crepe and a strawberry, banana, and chocolate. The apple crepe was amazing.  As the case with most places we went to in Montreal.  The service was a bit lacking, but very polite.  The restaurant itself was also very charming and good for people watching.
5	The quiche Lorraine was delicious - but it's the service that gets 5 stars! My dad forget his bag at the table and the waitress tracked us down almost three blocks away to give it back!! And it was cold out! MERCI BEAUCOUP MADEMOISELLE!!!!!! :)
4	We got into Montreal late on a Friday night and were hungry so we wanted something quick and not too heavy. We stumbled on this place. Waitress was very sweet and helpful. We had soup, salad and " breakfast" crepe. Everything was really good and fresh. We went back the next night for dessert crepes! Yummy! Share one, they are big & sit on the top floor so you can look down into the street.
3	Not the best crepes we had in Montreal but you can't beat the location or the view. When the weather is nice it's a great place to sit and people watch.
4	A delicious choice for this beautiful strech of shops and restaurants down in Old Montreal.  We ate here at about 11am and sat upstairs where we could look down on the cobblestone streets below.  I had the crepes with smoked salmon, capers, red onion, lemon, cucumber and cream cheese.  They forgot the cream cheese but gave me some on the side which was okay with me.  I constructed each bite the same and the cream cheese was helping the bits of red onion, capers and tomato stay on my perfect little bites.  My wife made fun of me for this.My wife had apples, brie and maple syrup inside her crepes and let me tell you, that was outstanding... unbelievable flavor and it had sweet, savory and creamy in every bite.  This was real maple syrup as well which definitely has a distict flavor which wouldn't have worked as well if it were corn starch american pancake syrup.Our only regret was that it was morning still or my wife would have had one of their specialty drinks which was a blackberry icecream shake, booze, cherry juice and fudge.  Yeah, sounds too good to be true.
4	Had read good reviews about this creperie so decided to stop in for a late night snack/dessert as I was walking through Old Montreal on a recent trip. Ordered the lobster bisque w/cognac which was amazing, and their La Laurentienne crepe (ham, Swiss cheese, asparagus, w/bechamel sauce). Absolutely delicious. Restaurant itself was nice and cozy with available upstairs seating. Very affordable. Highly recommended.
4	We had a friend visiting Montreal from the States for the first time, and figured crepes were a must! We happened upon Chez Suzette in the old port late Sunday morning, and were seated right away (there are 3 floors!). I had the French onion soup au gratin ($8) and escargots ($7). The escargots were delicious and garlic-buttery, served with little white dinner rolls. The onion soup was also very good - lots of cheese, flavourful broth, and soft onions. The bread in the soup was quite soggy, and would have been better if toasted first. Regardless, it was a nice bowl of comfort.Our friend had the crepe with apples, brie and maple syrup ($14).  It was amazing! The crisp apples and gooey cheese were the perfect combination.My boyfriend has the special delice ($14) - a breakfast crepe with eggs, meat, cheese and mushrooms - and loved it. The service was good and relatively fast. Will definately go back!
3	friend and i went visiting from states.  it was frigid and we decided on crepes.  i almost ordered the quiche because it looked better.  wish i did.  it was meaty and thats about it.friend had bitter cream sauce on hersmaybe we just ordered crap and the other stuff was better, but i cant rate on 'ifs and buts'
3	We went here twice. Once for dessert and once for dinner. The dessert crepe was better than the savory crepe. When we went there for dessert, we had the La Sonia crepe. It had strawberries, bananas, ice cream, whipped cream, and chocolate sauce. Nothing was left on the plate! For dinner, I had a salad with avocado, strawberries, mixed greens, etc. It was a nice, refreshing salad. If you don't love crepes, there are many other options on the menu which I did not have. I would definitely have dessert if I went back again.
2	Went into Creperie Chez Suzette as I needed an early dinner and surrounding restaurants were not open for dinner yet. I was surprised that it serves savory crepe, in addition to the dessert crepe. As the weather was cold, I elected to order a soup, and a ham-cheese-spinach crepe. Perhaps savory items are not their specialty, and the choice was rather limited. So I shall be on the reserved side and rate it low for the savory crepe. Perhaps the sweet crepes will be better. The service was reasonable.
3	Excellent breakfast crepes. We all enjoyed this place. A little pricey for breakfast but what can you expect from Old Montreal.No ambiance. Decent coffee. Worth going to if you are staying in Old Montreal.
4	Oh my gggggawwwwwd. If i ever want to get really fat i'm just going to live here and go nuts eating crepes and quiche while drinking whipped cream covered cappuccinos. I came here with three other friends on a recent trip to Montreal and all of us had to roll out of the restaurant after. It's the kind of place you go to where the portions are huge but you still eat the whole thing because it's so damn good.One of my friends and i got seafood crepes, which was delicious because- lets face it- everything is good when it's covered in baked cheese and is filled with rich, creamy bechamel sauce. Another friend got a bacon and avocado crepe, which he said was good, but after seeing the deliciousness of our seafood crepes he felt like he could have made a better selection. Another friend got the quiche, which looked amaziiiiing. The crust seemed really golden and flakey. My cappuccino was also delicous... And that would be because it arrived covered in whipped cream and chocolate powder. If they had asked i would have said no whipped cream to try make a tiny attempt at being healthy, but if it arrives that way i'm not gonna complain!I'll definitely be back here next time I'm in Montreal! I try to eat healthy, but when i don't i love splurging on food like this- so damn good and totally worth the food coma!!
1	Rubbery crepe, stick-like asparagus (even though it is asparagus season!!), and terrible, horrible service. Plus, there isn't really wifi, even though it says that there is. When we were there, the credit card machine was broken, and you would have thought that there was a major world crisis with the complete inability to deal shown by the staff. Blech. Give it a pass.
2	More like 2.5 stars. I really wanted to like this place more than I did. The setting couldn't be better on Rue Saint-Paul in touristy but historic Old Port. Got to sit on the second floor with a great view of the surrounding area. Waitress and service were excellent. Food on the other hand was questionable. Had a crepe with eggs, swiss, ham, bacon, and sausage topped with maple syrup. I feel like everything was good except the eggs themselves. Tasted like they either used "fake" eggs or powdered eggs. Horrible. Very disappointed. Probably wouldn't come back again
3	I gave it three stars for the selection, the somewhat helpful wait staff and the great location.  Maybe my expectations were too high. The two crepes lacked flavour, breakfast and spinach & Brie. The breakfast crepe  was really tough. Cutting it was almost a disaster. I really enjoyed the escargot, the onion soup and the overpriced strawberry drink.  The onion soup tasted great but I was expecting it to be fancier, such as a homemade cracker baked on top.
5	The Crepes were so delicous! I would move to Montreal just for this restaurant!
4	Beeeees everywhere! They don't bother you too much but they will eat your food and drink your drink. You just have to take turns. Food tasty and location sociable and enjoyable ... just expect to be in the background of many pictures if you're seated outside since people like to pose at the entrance to this strip. Perfect photobombing opportunities.As of 9/2/12 ... they were hiring.
2	Typical tourist trap. Service was lousy and crepes were the worst I had in Montreal. There are way too many other places in Montreal to go to.
4	Yeah Chez Suzette is a good crepe place. I got the Canadian Crepe which was nice. I location is very nice in the heart of Vieux-Montreal. The waitress we got was nice, and spoke pretty good english. The milkshakes here are also very good.
3	Decent ambience, cute in a way, on St. Paul, college/younger crowd, OK service, rather expensive for crepes...Crepes were good but not authentic French...They were the white flour kind, and not the "saracen" f darker flour crepes you should have when you eat your "salty" meal crepes...So I guess I'm still on the lookout for the perfect crepe place in Montreal...
4	Fun, casual, friendly service.  Portions are generous.  A single chocolate fondue (for 1) is enough for 2.  French onion soup is delicious, with lots of rich cheese.
3	We came here for lunch while touring Old Montreal and it was pretty nice for a place clearly geared (and priced) toward tourists. The hot beverage selection was a nice treat after walking around in the cold winter weather. I was pretty excited about the option of sugarless iced tea.We shared a cheese fondue with herb and sun-dried tomato. It came with a basket of bread, apples, and grapes. It was very tasty, the temperature was good, and the basket of dippables was unlimited. There were a few apple pieces and grapes that bruised, but otherwise tasty. Our server was mr. smiley--he was friendly, prompt, and it was easy to get his attention. The hostess seemed to have too much on her plate--running around and busing tables to get please seated faster. However, it was strange that we had to wait for a table while the patrons finished up and paid, and then two other parties were seated while we were waiting.
5	This is the BEST restaurant in the world !!!!  My husband and I spent a weekend in Montreal last month and had almost every meal here. My favorite is the Nutella and banana. Most of all, our server Kathleen was the best. What excellent service we received!!!  Can't wait to go back to Old Montreal for these crepes!!!  It's a must must must if you are traveling to the area!!
4	Honestly--just go here, MANY times, and eat MANY crepes. Decor is cute, we sat on the second floor in front of an open window that faced Rue St Paul which was gorgeous. Service, as with most places in Montreal, in English, French or my particular brand of English-French hybrid. My husband ordered an egg, bacon and cheese filled breakfast crepe with pure maple syrup, and I opted for ham, brie, and spinach with bechamel sauce. Large portions, even though I was starving and tried my hardest to finish I could not! Also amazing milkshakes, and iced cappuccino.A must visit if you're in Old Montreal.
5	We've been to Montreal 4 years in a row for vacation (an annual music festival keeps bringing us back) and we always eat at Chez Suzette twice. Once for yummy savory crepes and once for decadent fondue! The salads are nice too.The first time we got the fondue, we went for 2 servings which was WAY too much for 2 people. Get 1 serving of cheese fondue and you'll have room to enjoy the salad and maybe a dessert. Personally I didn't LOVE the chocolate fondue b/c it was not sweet enough for my tastes. But everything else I've had here was really wonderful.
4	Mmm des crepes. I just had to get some crepes in montreal. And wny not get the classic crepe suzette (orange sauce, grande marnier and powered sugard) and a fruit salad on the side. cute little place great for breakfast.
3	I was a bit dissapointed with my first real crepe experience. The place has plenty of room with three floors but is still a very cramped environment .We walked in and sat and the waiters walked past us for about ten minutes before someone came over. For drinks, we got a bloody caesar and the cocoloco smoothie. They mistakenly made a bloody mary and informed us, which I was fine with. The drink though, was virtually all tomato juice and I couldn't taste any tabasco/pepper or vodka, and there was no celery or garnish. Probably the worst bloody mary I have ever had. The cocoloco was pretty good, but very artificial tasting. I got the crepe charlevoix, which was generous portion. Even though I was hungry, it wasn't that good. I do wish they had more meat options with their crepes. The dessert crepes looked very good but I wasn't in the mood for one. I tried the quiche which was decent. Overall, not worth the $50+ bill for a crepe, quiche, and two drinks.
2	I think I was spoiled by the small crepe stand outside of the Notre Dame in Paris or something... yes, I am fully bragging right now. The crepe was okay, but too chewy and dense for my crepe liking. The Viennese chocolate was not very good. Where was the chocolate and cream? When I get anything Viennese, I want that cream like a mountain on the top. Like obnoxious amounts of whipped cream. Decent if you are starving, but I'd pass otherwise. Service was attentive, but a bit rushed.
5	Wonderful. Great food (we had fondue, cidre, crepes), amazing service, very decent prices. We loved it.
4	I love this creperie in Old Montreal. I sat facing the window that opened up to the street so everything taste better you know? Had savoury crepe with melted brie cheese, sauteed onions and believe chicken? The half melted brie did it all... It was so good. The cafe au lait I ordered was only mediocre though, for $3.50 or sth I expect better cup of coffee! But it's ok the crepe was so good. I was pretty full to try any dessert crepe but for sure I'd love to come back.
4	Hard to find French restaurant which is vegetarian friendly. But we did it somehow and it turned out to be really good. Location is the prime factor. Beautiful place to eat at. Be prepared to wait longer to be seated during summer weekends...
3	This creperie is located in the entertainment/tourist hub of Old Montreal and is a good way to extend one's stay in this area. We had finished earlier on our dinner in the area and wanted to extend our stay before visiting a jazz bar nearby. My friends recommended this spot as they make it a point to visit this place whenever they are in Montreal.The place in unassuming and actually spans 3 floors so there is plenty of seating even when it looks packed from outside. We just wanted to stick to desserts so after going through the extensive menu we all settled on crepes (what else) They do have a decent beer and cocktail selection so it is worth a look.The crepes are big portion as the crepe suzette I ordered was 4 pieces. The stuffed crepes were also quite big. Crepe Suzette was decent though frozen berries were used in the crepes with berry filling. Prices are almost the same as a proper mid/high end restaurant in the area. 3 Stars.
5	Best crepes ever!!! After traveling through Quebec and Montreal and tasting crepes everywhere I am most definitely recommend Creperie Chez Suzette is the place to go try them, whether you've never had one before or had tons of them. We liked it so much we came two days in a row. The restaurant is located right by the busiest part of old Montreal.There is an outdoor and indoor seating, it was kind of fun seat outside and watch people go by. The crepe menu is full of choices, both for meat lovers and vegetarians. The first time there I had crepe Romanoff (strawberries, whipped cream and ice cream) and my friend had crepes with bananas, whipped cream, ice cream, topped with chocolate sauce. The second time I had a dinner crepe with chicken and mushroom sauce, which was not as delicious as dessert one, but still extermely good. Your visit to Montreal will not be complete without going to Chez Suzette.
3	I'd probably say 3.5, but I'm rounding down because I probably wouldn't go back. We stumbled into this place as we were wandering around Old Montreal, my boyfriend insisting he wanted to eat something authentic. To him that meant only french things or poutine, so here we were.I honestly have no complaints about this place. The food I ordered was very good (assorted seafood baked in a lobster bisque sauce), the view overlooking Rue St. Paul and a bit of the bay was fantastic, and the service was prompt, polite and attentive. They also offer some of the cheapest bottles of wine I've ever seen in any restaurant ever. The problem is that somehow the experience was lacking. Maybe it's because the restaurant was kind of empty. Not in a cozy romantic way, but in a way where you feel a little awkward that you're the only people in the room.  Maybe because even though the service was good, it was also a little cold. Maybe its because even though everything was good, nothing wowed me (except those wine bottle prices!).It's a perfectly good restaurant that I have no real interest in returning to. Make of that what you will.
4	My husband & I vacationed in Montreal over  Labor Day weekend and this was one place friends consistently recommended for crepes. We came here after spending a long morning sight-seeing in Old Montreal. We were seated upstairs by a corner window that had a picturesque, postcard view. The service was quick and friendly.  We had a savory crepe with ham, asparagus & bechamel, and a sweet one with Nutella & strawberries. Also, two glasses of Riesling. Delicious & great ambience!
4	Yum Yum Yum Yum for fondue!We had the swiss cheese fondue to start, followed by the beef broth fondue with chicken and sliced beef. Both were delicious. The dipping sauces were amazing - especially the creamy garlic sauce. We finished with the chocolate fondue with fruit and marshmallows. The hubby had a bowl of french onion soup which was yummy. My girls had the pizza, which they seemed to like.The service was great and the rest rooms were very clean.
5	Excellent place, and a big variety on the menu.  Crepes, fondue, and quiches.  A massive drink menu, too!  Highly recommended.
3	Nice crepes, service is capable and basic but ok. The ambience is almost like a  family owned and run cafe somewhere in Europe. Free wifi.
4	We orders crepes and cheese fondue with sundry tomato. We are so full after all. The crepes are nice. I don't like the taste of the cheese fondue (probably the taste of wine or sundry tomato). I like that they have so many choices on crepes.
2	Crepes were ok but I thought they were expensive and not as nice as the ones you get in Paris or even from a street truck in Ireland. Waiter was extremely rude and when we tried to leave without leaving a tip he brought our attention to it which made him even more rude. For two people to have crepes and hot chocolate, it cost almost $50. We could of went and had dinner somewhere for that!
4	We just wanted a quick snack. Had the Nutella with Banana Crepe and the Cinnamon Apple Crepe. It was okay. Nothing spectacular. Waiter kept refilling the coffee without us having to ask. Very attentive. Checked on us regularly without being intrusive. We came in the afternoon and had a corner table on the first floor. Nice spot for people watching.
3	Came here for a bite while strolling in Old Montreal. Ordered the French onion soup baked with crouton topped with cheese, and also got a ham, brie and spinach crepe topped with bechamel sauce. Didn't really like the soup, thought that there was way too much cheese, about a lb of it sitting on top of the soup which was kind of gross and the base wasn't very flavourful. Crepe itself was very delicious and smelled amazing. The fillings and the sauce worked together but it wasn't my favorite combination. The place itself was pretty big, 3 levels, friendly staff, decent prices. Decent choice for food if you are in the area.
5	Maybe it's because I've probably only had one Crepe in my life before this point, but I was very impressed.  I stopped in for breakfast on a Sunday morning and could not have been happier.  I ordered a Crepe with scrambled eggs, ham, bacon, cheese, and pure maple syrup.  I'm not sure what it was that made this breakfast that was seemingly identical to every other breakfast I would get at a diner, but it was outstanding.  After that I was told I had to try a dessert Crepe so I split one with my coworker.  We got one with chocolate sauce, bananas, strawberries, and vanilla ice cream.  My mind was blown.  I'm very happy that Chez Suzette opened my eyes to the world of Crepes.  I'll probably be back for more next weekend.
2	My husband and I clearly ordered incorrectly here.  We had the cheese fondue, not particularly hot or very tasty.  The salad that came with it was mediocre.  However, service was personable and the crepes did LOOK wonderful!
4	My children (12 and 14 year old boy and girl), really enjoyed ourselves and our meal.  We all ordered lunch crepes and they were delicious.  Afterwards the kids ordered chocolate fondue.  The service was great!  The food was excellent.
4	Delightful meal and service. I got the smoked salmon crepe (healthy!) for dinner and the Jamaican crepe for dessert (decadent!). Oh, and the French Onion Soup was deliciously cheesy. Our waiter was fun and friendly.
4	I'm about to drop some fondue knowledge on you AND give Chez Suzette their centennial review? Now that's what I'm talkin' about...I was all about revisiting this place during my last visit to Old Town, Montreal. I have this on going joke going with my significant other that goes like this "Have you been there before on a date?"* The answer is sadly often yes, because we met in our late 20s/early 30s and are both people that eat out way too often. In whatever city we're in. Anyway, when it was time to play this round I finally got to say "only with my mom and my best friend's little sister." This was bittersweet, as I felt like I won, but then he didn't try to outdo any other scenario. Wow. Talk about TMI. Moving on.I know this is a creperie, but I disagree. Suzette's finest is her fondue. I've had the original emmental and this time the three cheese and pepper. Delicious. I know others say the prices are jacked up because of this touristy location, but I got a bottle of French merlot (No one is drinking merlot!!! -Sad Paul Giamatti) for under $20 and shared the gooey gooey goodness with my SO. The small is definitely enough to share, and they offer to bring you free bread when you run low. They respect bread to cheese ratios, thus I respect Suzette and her three floors of casual Quebecois dining in the heart of this cobble-stoned hood. *This game might sound really passive aggressive but it's actually not. It's more like, "But did she have the bartender send you a flaming shot**? I think not! See I'm the best!"**No flaming shots were done at Chez Suzette. She's too classy for that stuff.
4	Lovely friendly staff.  Stopped in for dessert and wine.  Had Jamaican Crepes and toffee Crepes.House wine a true bargain at $12.95 for a 1/2 carafe.Wish I had the chance to go back again. It is very casual, fine for families and the food is really nice.
2	Came for a dessert crepe on an evening and we tried 'La Jamaicaine' which had banana, ice cream, and Belgian chocolate sauce. The fixings were delicious but the crepe was a bit tough and chewy.  It seemed to have been made ahead of time and reheated.  A bit disappointed. First time there so not sure if it was an off night.  The service was very good and friendly.
3	We ordered two crepes, both were tough and chewy, but not the end of the world. Great atmosphere, great location, very friendly staff.
2	Very disappointing after reading good reviews.  Food is just OK and not something special you expect from this area.  Very over priced for what you get.
5	The dessert crepe here with bananas and almonds is one of the top three desserts I've had in my life.  My husband and I stumbled across it in 2010 and purposely sought it out on this trip, now with our 2-year-old.  It lived up to the memory we had of it, and even our toddler loved it.  We didn't try the meal crepes, but we can't say enough about the dessert crepes here.  We will go out of our way to eat here every time we come to Montreal.
1	Worst crepes I've had. Dessert crepes were cold and rubbery. Definitely not fresh. The ice cream had a bad taste. I would never eat here again.
5	A must for crepes! This was our first trip to old Montreal and we attended different locations for a crepe each night. We chose the "la sonia" crepe.  This was the best dessert we had whe compared to various other locations in the area.  We also came back for lunch at Chez Suzette. The quiche was melt in your mouth delicious. The menu had many options to choose from. Will definately go back!
2	Chewy crepes, hard to digest. Overpriced for the quality. Touristy.
3	great savory and sweet crepes...a nice cozy vieux montreal location...fancy names attached to the crepes as well :P....Crepes were a little bit on the chewy side...mine was little less but when i tasted some of my friends plate...i felt sorry for my friend...with all the hype of chez suzette...its failing to stand upto its expectations
4	We were in a pinch for food and came across this neat little crepe place on Rue St Paul.  Great central location in heart of Vieux Montreal.  Excellent spot for people watching.  Our server was excellent.  I did not try the crepes but I had the coquille aux fruits de mer, which was a magnifique dish!  Highly recommend this dish!  The shrimp and scallops mixed with the mushroom, white wine and lobster sauce topped with cheese was unbelieveable!  It was not big portions but it was enough to get me by in the early afternoon.
5	I happened upon this Creperie while on a morning stroll down by the port. The servers were friendly and accommodating beyond my expectations, the pear and Brie crepe I ordered was delectable, and the freshly squeezed orange juice was refreshingly delicious.
4	They had a very good menu with lots of choices. That whole vegetarian section which is just fine by me. They had a good selection of wines as well as apple cider. The place is big inside as well as you can sit outside. The crapes were delicious and the portions plenty. My friends also had crepes as well as a salad and soups and they were very satisfied and finished all their portions. The service was attentive and friendly. I would recommend this place and definitely return.
3	Good clean place. Great ambience. Slow service. I wouldn't come here again for the main courses. Great deserts. Must visit only for deserts. Great fondue.
4	Had their crepes Parisian that was excellent. Very good service from a friendly waiter who spoke three languages
4	We stumbled upon this little gem almost by chance, and we were so glad we did.It's a cute little creperie (with all kinds of other food too) located in the Old Port. Very friendly waitresses, and a beautiful intimate feel. Also it didn't have the pomp or prices of the old port, just comfortable and intimate.We ordered a variety of crepes, salads, and soup, and we loved everything. Really great spot and we'll likely come anytime we're in the old port. So happy to find it.
3	I was suspicious of a resto in this busy tourist place but it resulted great! It is a spacious place with three floors and a large menu as well. I had the chicken and mushrooms, i found it savory and with really chicken flavour delicious!  Our waitress Pedro was fantastic!! Muchas gracias.
4	So good!The sugar shack special is to die for! So tasty! Also the lady next to me got the shrimp crepe...which looked like heaven on a plate. English/French menu!Wifi password is: suzette3
1	I'm not a picky eater and I normally don't write bad reviews but this place is a one star.  Terrible service, foods was really bad, the eggs weren't cooked properly and the crepe was very rubbery and dry. Do not recommend it
3	Food was okay. I went for lunch and I got the chicken club, and it wasn't anything special. The interior was very nice and clean, and the location was perfect. The prices were very fair, especially for the location. The sandwich and side salad cost me about $9 CAD. I also got a smoothie called the CocoLoco in addition to my sandwich, and that was probably one of the better smoothies I've had in recent memory. Would I come back? Probably not. The food wasn't bad by any means, it just didn't stand out to me as a place I must visit when touring the city. Nevertheless, it was a decent place to eat in Old Montreal without blowing the wallet.
5	This place was great! This was just what you needed to get out of the cold Montreal air.  The French onion soup was absolutely delicious. We ordered the sun dried tomato cheese fondue and the waiter gave us extra bread. Loved the atmosphere, server and food - very cozy place and exceptional service. Great price too! I highly recommend :D
5	The crepe with brie, apples, and maple syrup changed my life.I'm not kidding.
5	Seriously great French onion soup. Cheese baked on top and bread soaked inside. Perfect for q cold day. The crepes were coked perfectly, I highly recommend the banana and Nutella. Hostess quite rude but the waiter and manager were friendly.
5	Oh my goodness. Yummy! We got the vegetable soup (French onion style with baked cheese on the top) as our starter. It was good. For our main we got two crepes: The asparagus with bechamel sauce. Unreal, seriously. The other one was apple, brie and maple syrup. Again, we couldn't get enough. They were delicious! The service was good too. They layout of the restaurant is interesting and the sunlight floods in. Overall, it was a great experience!
5	A gorgeous view of old Montreal and a fun environment! I ordered a savoury and sweet crepe which complimented each other well! The waiter was very friendly and I enjoyed the food! The best part is the scenery though! A wonderful location!
