3	The vibe here is cool...but there is just way too much going on.  Pick one thing and go with it....nothing really went together.  It was as if there was a brainstorming session on what are some cool things to put in a bar and then they vomited it all over this space.  We were seated in the back area on a leather couch and plush chairs near the wine bar.  I enjoyed the exposed brick, the stalactites were cool, but then there was a wall a mirror mosaic, and then another side had an old mansion theme with old bookshelves and a faux candle chandelier. It just didn't really go....and then throw in the front room that was like a dance club.  Normally I'm a fan of multiple rooms but there was no demarcation between the two...it was basically just one long room where at one point it switched from a dance club up front to the lounge in the back.   In the two hours we were there the music went from rock, to salsa to live electric fiddle.  What?  Pick one of them!  Our waitress was very nice and they do offer bottle service which is pretty reasonable as far as bottle service goes but this is not the place I would ever choose to get bottle service.  We ordered three mixed drinks and 2 beers and it came to $30 which is pretty standard pricing.  The worst part about Silver was that its a huge bar with just two single restrooms.  For such a big place to have two single restrooms is just unfathomable, the line is insane.  Sure the restroom itself is large but when there are 4 girls in there at once taking their sweet ass time its annoying. It is cool that its on the same row as a few other bars but it definitely wouldn't be my first choice downtown.  It has so much potential because of where it is, how large it is and the vibe it could have but the execution is just off.   I'm not sure who they are trying to cater to....there was such a wide mix of people there it just added to the confusion of the place.  I hope they are able to find their identity and go with it.  Oh, and on a Saturday night we didn't pay a cover.  (Which is good because I don't think it would have really been worth it if we had paid cover.)  I never got a wine bar feel the entire time we were there.  When we left at 12:15 all the other bars on that block had long lines except for Silver.  Hm.
4	This is probably where I would choose to drink pre or post game in sports bar-heavy downtown.  I do agree with Mr. K and Kristin (thanks for the mnemonic device on stalactities, btw) on the decor, but I kinda like the whole variety of different looks of Silver.  Luckily we all scored a future-VIP (until the VIPs arrived, which they never did) section complete with plush leather sofa, pseudo-papa san chairs and wooden coffee table straight from Antique Roadshow.My first visit here last week our group of 5 were of maybe 20 or so people on a Saturday night.  No DJ, no kind of energy whatsoever, BUT, the bartender came by with a complimentary pink lemonade vodka shots for us - about a $35 value.  The friends I went with aren't wine drinkers, so lucky for us they had a full bar with liquor (like Kazimierz).  Major points for that as most wine bars locally only serve beer and wine.Last night: A lot more people, diverse crowd...but they played latin rock and salsa, probably to appeal to the Sky Loungers next door.  I do agree with Kristin that an identity crisis is going on.  They just started a boys night on Sundays...so I am sure they are probably just trying to feel out their niche.Weak spots:  The restrooms.  Nice, but obviously not created for a bar with large crowds.  Secondly, the wine list is meager, and understandably so because it is so new.  Nothing really jumped out at me on their list.  Serious wine drinkers used to Kazimierz, Cheuvront and Postino will probably balk at this list.
2	I'm sorry, I just can't take a wine and martini bar seriously that has something as gimmicky as pop rocks around the rim of the glass. Really? I also really don't like judgey bartenders. It's not your job to evaluate and critcize my drink choice...yes, I want an apple martini; no, I do not want your stupid cherry vodka, cherry juice, and pop rock rimmed martini that is $12.Thankfully, once we got a table in the back, our waitress was really really friendly and accommodating. She mentioned that they were expecting a private party in about an hour and that we would have to move, but that she would make sure we got a table in the front area. We were there for over two hours and the private party didn't materialize.  The best part about sitting in the back area was that we were close to the bathrooms, which allowed for some stellar people watching.  The clientele is quite mixed, and some people made some interesting outfit selections for their night out.  The single bathrooms are a freaking joke...why do bars insist on having only one or two stalls in a bathroom when you know you are going to be busy? It's really frustrating. The music was quite interesting...I've never been to a bar where there were electric fiddle players and I used to live in Ohio!Overall, Silver was just OK. I definitely wouldn't make a special trip downtown just to go there. I'm not even sure it would be on my top 5 list of places to check out after a sporting event, the theatre, or any other reason why I was downtown on a Friday or Saturday evening.
2	My boyfriend and I were really excited to check this place out.  We really love wine, and live downtown so we decided to give it a go, I think it was a Thursday.  We have been to other bars on the block and enjoy the feeling of a bar "district" of sorts.  After taking 10+ minutes to find a parking space (we should have walked), we were ready for a glass of wine.  Approaching the bar everything looked like a go! The decor was unique to the area and tasteful.  Although it was empty we walked in anyhow without a cover in sight.  We walked out just as quickly as we walked in when the music drastically changed to top 40 crap!  And the two customers in the bar immediately jumped up and started dancing to go right along with it.  Was it an off night?We really just wanted a new wine bar, with maybe some jazz and a cool atmosphere.  We were left very disappointed, maybe we will have to try on another night? We didn't even make it far enough to see the wine list...
3	Came here about 10:30 on a Saturday night and it was kind of dead. Yes early I know, and I'm sure it gets better later, right?What's up with the fake stalagmites in the back room.  The wine room has a very cool feeling to it, but again what's with the stalagmites?The music was --um, how u say,  not my thing.  Yes I 'm sure it got better as the night went on, right?This place was better than Sky bar, but a distant second to Bar Smith.
1	Stelagtites.I could make this review just that one word, but I'll explain my night a little more indepth to please the yelp gods. It started at exactly 11:01pm on Friday night, three of the whitest dudes around looking for trouble. After being told there was no cover until 11 (a couple minutes earlier and perhaps 9:58?) and one dollar drafts by the staff, and then waiting in line to get in until 11:01, they tried to charge us a cover. Wait a second, we were just told there wasn't one, and we were in line before 11PM but bouncer mcbouncy over there was doing 35 second ID checks presumably to take longer?We ended up paying $12 for the three of us, such a negotiable price that I felt like I was in rocky point at the donkey show. Still though, $1 draft beers, thats all I was looking for. Finally getting into the place, it was dead, with maybe 15 people in there, but at least the bar was empty so we pulled up and ordered our beers. They came in the little dixie cups that the hospital gives you to take your meds with when you dont really want fluids. Ok so it was a little bigger than that, but it was an 8oz disposable plastic cup. I had 5 of them which is 40oz and cost me $5. That was approximately 3 regular beers and would have cost me $6 as bottles were $2 each so it was still kind of a deal. We hung out in the back area mostly as they had some nice cushy chairs and the music was a little quieter. I also noticed the abundance obscenely overweight women didn't go back there much, maybe it took too much effort. It was our sanctuary. Out of nowhere I looked up and saw stelagtites, what the fuck is that all about? They were cut into the ceiling, in lieu of 3 ceiling tiles. Mystified as I was, I was also drunk so I shrugged it off. But looking back, it really was a cheap ass place full of crappy attitudes and tackiness. Yet another bar for kids to shoot each other in.
4	Silver did what the other bars we went to on the pub crawl did not....they made the purchase of the wrist band worth our while! After getting the stink eye from Jason over at Networks and taking a well shot of vodka at Marjele's, my pub crawl group wandered over to Silver hoping that they indeed were honoring their printed pub crawl special. Our wrist bands saved us a cover charge and allowed us to purchase $1 beer!! The DJ didn't suck, the people watching was prime, and I was able to sit down and just have a good time with friends. The crowd was an interesting mix and some people didn't get the memo that Halloween was Friday, but that aside, this place could have potential. I am not sure if I would love it as much if I had to pay full price for my drink, but I think they used pub crawl the way it was meant to be used, as a marketing tool. Next time I am downtown and looking to dance, Silver will be on the list of places to consider.
4	Sometimes, whether or not you enjoy a bar depends heavily on the night's circumstances. In the case of last Saturday, during the downtown pub crawl, it was a relief to walk into a place that: 1) was happening (at least relative to other spots downtown); 2) actually offered something special for the pub crawl (no cover charge and $1 beer); and 3) had great music playing. I walked in feeling down and perked right up! That being said, Silver is definitely not a wine bar. I'm not even sure it's a martini bar. It also only has two single restrooms. There is also very limited seating. Regardless, it was alive when the rest of downtown was dead, and for that, I give it major props. If I ever return in a different mood or with higher expectations, I will definitely update.
3	Chris H and I were part of a group that did the downtown pub crawl last Saturday. While some of the other participating bars fell flat, Silver delivered and was by far the highlight of the evening. I was skeptical based on my previous venture there last year, but Saturday night's experience had me almost forgetting I had ever been there before. Our pub crawl wristbands got us in for free and $1 draft beers. Sweet! We found a booth in the corner of the front room which was the perfect spot for our group to sit, dance and drink. The bartenders were a little slow, but hey, at that point I didn't care because I was getting $1 beer. The music was awesome...so many rap/hip hop songs were played that I absolutely love. However, I hate when a DJ switches songs in the middle. Silver was pretty busy unlike my last adventure there.My experience at Silver for the pub crawl was a 4 star one, but my first trip there was only 2 stars, so I'm averaging and giving Silver 3 stars for now.
3	Lovely staff (the handsome gentleman back by the loo was a stunning conversationalist and quite aware of vintage synthesizers and theremin history), nice open dancefloor, free diet soda for me the DD, chill back lounge area, a club photographer who followed me about incessantly.We went on a Friday to see Stacy Kidd.  I thought it was going to be a great night -- there were a decent amount of people up in there early, so logic told me it would grow...  Stacy played early to literally 10 people.  I danced for twenty minutes and went to get some air.By the time we returned from a walk around the block, some other DJ was in the booth playing the dirty dirty commercial rap.  Poops.One more walk around the block and the club was shut down and there were police cars blocking Washington.Hmmm...
5	Club Silver is back open. Great spot!!!!This is a classy joint. I am very impressed with what they did to this club. I showed up to the Re-launch party Friday Night. It was a $10 cover, BUT it was OPEN BAR..yes OPEN BAR..everything was free til Midnight. I think everyone in my group couldnt believe it. After our 5th or 6th drink we switch to shots of Patron and it was still only 11p. All the drinks were strong Top shelf  pours...CROWN ROYAL, GREY GOOSE, JACK...How can you go wrong.  I mean the Light  rail is right outside the front door. No need to drive. This promotion is on every 3rd Friday....better call the club to find out more. This is just what they said that night.I will def be back with all the friends. The place is going to be a new hot spot for us for sure. Young crowd...close to US Airways Center...and great DJ mixin it up.Check this spot out. Im sure you will be glad you did.
2	Not impressed! Bad service, water down drinks and small bathrooms. Went here for NYE. No chairs or place to sit unless you are VIP. Not coming back check out the bar next-door sky or Phx much better.
3	Woah...after spending some time at a few other neighborhood pubs, I hopped onto the downtown trolley and rolled down to this area. Well I think I rode the trolley in a circle twice and these guys convinced me that Silver was a good idea.  Ok...I was down to just go out dancing at that point.  I get in after having to pay $10 at the door.  [Humm I guess...].  I got in there and found me a cozy spot on the dance floor. I danced my a** off to some hiphop-bass bumpin'-booty shaking tunes they played mixed in with some Mexican and Latin favorites.While I enjoyed my time there, I knew it was time to leave when 2 girls starting fighting on the floor at my feet and people were scurring from the back to the front of the club from another fight back there...I know when it's time to leave...so I made my way out and I walked back home.
1	Just walked past and they're closed. Looks like they are out of business and not coming back.  Just fyi
