4	I met my stylist thru a friend. She finished school and was waiting for her license.  Her husband had built her a salon in their home.  I went to her a couple times at her house and really liked her.  She's now working full time at this salon...I liked her so much I decided to follow her here.This salon specializes in African Amereican services such as press and curl, and also in extensions. Their extensions start around $300 and go up from there, depending on the quality.  They also have a full range of services from manicures, pedicures, hair color, cuts, etc.They had a full house of customers when I arrived. I was early and was immediately sat in a chair. I really appreciated not having a long wait time. The salon also appears to be clean and other staff members are friendly. I plan on coming back to see Laura to get my hair cyed!  And want to try their eyelash extensions! *Slightly hard to find location...it's on the corner of eastern and wigwam, kind of behind Village Pub and Diversity Tattoo Shop.
1	Another unprofessional, overpriced "salon".  At first I just regretted driving so far and paying so much for what little I got. Then I started feeling the scabs on my scalp. Nuff said.
4	Ok yes very expensive but you pay for what you get and it's time I take care of my hair Latoya knows  her stuff
1	It is now called Transformations, in Silverado ranch area.I had high hopes for this place as my first appt. went well.  But then every appt after that, there were issues.  Once again, it's difficult to find a professional black hair salon, where they really care about your hair and desire to help you maintain healthy  hair.Every visit with the stylist was met with 'attitude'.  Ms. M was not open to comments about how I wanted to have my hair done and refused to give any information on the products she used for fear that I would go buy it for at home use.  Isn't that the most selfish, non professional and paranoid position to take?  Mind you I was a weekly client.  The worst thing that happened is she left product in my hair that should have been washed out and my hair started shedding the next morning. I believe this was done on purpose because I had continued to ask her to make sure I was dry before putting heat on my hair.  My mistake was not getting up and walking out with my wet head.  I'd still have my hair if I did.
