3	I have gone to Nancy at Galaxy Salon twice and she does nails very well. The wait is short and they have a ton of designs that they have displayed that they can do. The salon its self is kinda old looking but the prices are pretty good. Full Set Pink & White Powder - $45.00Full Set Pink w/ White Tip - $23.00Pink fill - $18.00
5	I just started coming here recently. Steven is great at doing my nails. I like my nails extra short with a French tip. For Halloween Steven did my nails like candy corn (see photo). He put a lot of effort into them, and they came out fabulously! Their prices are reasonable, too. Make an appointment just in case!Update: I have been coming here for more than 2 years now. I still love Steven and he's the only one I'll let near my hands. He's ALWAYS busy, so make an appointment!
4	I really liked how the lady did my nails I cant remember her name but because she did such a wonderful job im writing a review. she took her time doing my nails and she made sure they didnt look fake and thin them out so well. totally coming back.
3	I really enjoyed my experience at this spot. I couldn't give it a 5 star because there was not a wide selection of Gel Colors, they don't have a clinician that can do 3D nails, and the Gel price was steep. These are growing trends in the nail salon business and I just think these services should be available. Other than that, the service was great, staff was extremely friendly and interactive, the quality of work was more than exceptional, and I thought the prices were low for ex. Mani/Pedi $30, Full set $22+ - not bad. My tech was Steven, he did a great job and I could tell he really cared about the quality of work- double checking spots, smudges etc. the salon itself is not much- but definitely clean. I had a chance to sit in their massage chairs- phenomenal! Felt like a real person was giving me a deep tissue massage hehe. They also offer facials, brows, wax, repairs etc. but I think the specialty is design acrylic.
4	My mom has been coming here for the last 12 years and has developed a wonderful relationship with Hannah, one the owners who doubles (or triples) as a hair stylist and nail technician. I don't visit salons often since my hair requires minimal maintenance and I'm okay with doing home manicures/pedicures, however, I have visited GALAXY a few times with my mom. With Hannah, I've done a couple manicures, 3-4 pedicures, and a couple hair sessions (cut, color, highlights, styling). I've also had my hair done with Charles, one of the veteran hair stylists, and I absolutely LOVED it! One of my manicures was acrylic, which was the first, only, and last time I'll participate in acrylic nails. Fortunately, I have strong nails and I wish not to ruin that with the acrylic process. Recovering my nails from that manicure took a while. Anyway, the other time I had a manicure with Hannah was standard with a French polish and that was great. Our hair sessions were cool. The first time involved styling (prom 2004!) and that was very nice. The second time was a cut and highlight, which was just okay. My bangs were awkwardly short and this wouldn't normally bother me (my hair grows rather quickly), however, it was for my engagement party and I didn't care for how my hair looked in photos. The pedicures have been consistently awesome! I love, love, love the advanced leather massage chairs attached to the pedicure tubs. A massage and a pedicure at the same time! Also, if you push the 'full' button, you can usually get two massages during one pedicure session! All for just $20!!!I probably would not come here without my mother since she's the one that schedules our pedicure appointments, but that doesn't mean it isn't great. I just wouldn't get any pedicures, lol. But yes, I highly recommend Hannah and her pedicures!! Also, if you prefer a color you have at home, bring the polish with you!
