4	Well Being in a Box is a very creative and fun name for a "hole in a wall" type of suchi, Japanese and Asian fare in Rainbow/Sahara vicinity.It so happened that I work nearby and love sushi, so I tried this place out...and was not disappointed.The deliver and accept take out orders. The servers are great and super friendly and remember customers by name ever if they met them only once...The food is good. Nothing groundbreaking, but definitely tasty. I loved their lunch sushi bento box, which is average, but for the $9.99 price is excellent!!! It comes with  mixed fish nigiri( your choice), califronia rolls, macaroni salad and miso soup. I also tried other bento-type meals and must say that sushi, tempura and udon were my favorite here. I was not too much of a fan of their BBQ chicken bentos. But, I am not a big carnivore...so I leave it to others to try and have a more balanced opinion there.I recommend this fun-named place for a lunch stop. It is much healthier and yummier than your average burger!!! It is quick, conveniently lcated and offers some good specials.
5	We come from a place where Asian cuisine is spectacular, where it's cooked by people who can't speak a word of English but make the most exquisite Asian cuisine.  When we moved to the states, we were expecting to find better food out here, since the states promises better and bigger things.We tried the great Asian restaurants in the Venetian, the Forums, and every other place you can think of.  Even the locals suggested a few asian buffets, but to our dismay the food was just "okay", and not the great flavors I sought.One day, out of sheer luck, we passed by this restaurant and finally decided to stop in.  Walking in felt like home; the counter in the front, the nice, homely tables around the sides, and the music just like the stuff played over the speakers at the Chinese and Japanese restaurants where we're from.The service, for a small restaurant, is impeccable.  Not only are they there to give you refills without asking, but the food comes out fast and extremely well plated.  Our first experience here happened to be what we've sought--great sushi.  We tried their tempura sushi and tuna, and to our amazement, we were finally home.Their culinary delights include their fabulous tempura that, in all honesty, beats the hotel restaurants and buffets on and off the strip.  Theirs is real tempura--light, crispy batter, perfectly brown and very well seasoned.  Their bulgogi, kalbi, and barbecue chicken is a delight.  If you order anything that comes with a special box, you must eat their macaroni and regular salad.  Even their miso soup is excellent.  Compared to a five star restaurant at home, this place is up there.I'm not exxagerating when I say that this is the best Japanese and Korean food in Vegas.  It honestly is, and if you want a taste of real Japanese and Korean food is, you MUST eat here.  Since my discovery of this place, we eat here every day for dinner, and we will continue to because their food is the best in Vegas.  Hands down.
5	SO GOOD!  SO CLEAN!  SASHIMI IS SO FRESH - AND SO AFFORDABLE!Go.  Try It.  You'll Like it.
5	I think this is a hugely underrated place.  It's in a really bad spot on the southwest block at Sahara and Jones.  I haven't tried the sushi...  I think more of this place as a Korean restaurant that serves sushi.  I usually order the Korean stuff.  It comes with the entree, rice, a maccaroni salad, green salad, and 4 pieces of a California roll.  Most of the boxes are under $10 except for the kalbi and bulgogi.  I usually go there to order the meat jun (egg battered fried beef).I usually get take out here, but the few times I've dined in I've gotten the typical Korean side dishes.  I remember them being okay.  I think there was this kim chi pancake thing that was good.Is this the best Korean food in Vegas?  Probably not.  But the food is good and quick and a lot cheaper than the other Korean places.
5	After venturing to try some more food from this menu, I was very pleasantly surprised! I love the Bi-Bim-Bop, it  is out of this world! Sushi is very fresh. I am really glad I tried a more variety of the food from the menu and not just the lunch specials. Service is also extremely quick and friendly! I highly recommend this place!
4	Yummy rolls, delicious Korean dishes, and yeah, really really yummy rolls...Very attentive service. House made kimchi, and all the sake you can drink after 6:00pm. They just keep bringing it! WOOO HOOO! WOW.
4	If you are looking for decor or ambiance, skip it. If you are looking for great sushi rolls, Korean dishes, excellent service, and free sake, this is the place.
4	Thank goodness for yelpers leading me to this hole in the wall. The reviews were right on. It was an authentic Korean joint with traditional rice/meat dishes. No ji gaes or pan chans.  It's Korean fast food at its finest. The restaurant is small, but there is seating available. The big added bonus was the free hot sake after 6 pm. I got the spicy squid rice bowl. Could've been a little less spicy. I enjoyed it overall. The service is great. The options are varied enough, and the prices are good!
5	When I saw how low the prices were I was concerned about the quality and complexity. Turned out to be great quality and amazing flavor. Staff was very friendly. Will go back often. Free hot sake after 6 sounds like fun as well.
3	Good korean/japanese food for the price. It's clean and the owner is such a sweet heart and so personable. The sushi is nothing special, but their box dinners ie: kalbi (korean bbq) and bulgogi are good for the price. I've been here about 5 times now and still stand by their hae-doh-bap which is probably the best restaurant haedohbap i've ever had. The owner told me she was actually going to open up a haedohbap place in Korea before coming to America and so has done extensive research even outside of Vegas in LA and Korea to find out what makes it good. Paid off. It's yummy! try it out. It's not bad at all.
5	Well Being in a Box was on a list of restaurants I was going to hit up in Las Vegas.It is a small restaurant of ten tables full of kitschy Asian decorations- from the paper Asian lanterns to the paintings of Korean court dancers on the wall.  We were warmly greeted upon entering and waited on immediately.My husband is generally leery of Asian restaurants because he hates that they serve a $3 cans of Coke when you always need a refill.  So when he noticed the soda fountain, he was a more willing patron.  The location is convenient since we were staying at the Imperial Palace on the Strip.  We noticed A LOT of Korean patrons when we were there and figured that if the food can pass the litmus test of a native Korean, the food has to be good.  Another plus is the lack of loud, cheesy Korean music videos that can be found in some restaurants.  (I don't discriminate among Asian videos.  I loathe them all!  I am Chinese and I hate on the Chinese videos as well, especially since Aaron Kwok was in Vegas at the same time.  I did not appreciate the audio-visual assault of his performance on the Wynn jumbotron on my eyes and ears.)I ordered the beef bulgogi box with all the fixins.  The radish, kimchee and the ginger that came with it was awesome.  There was also a green salad, mac salad and California rolls that came in the box.  The beef was tasty and seasoned just right.  The food surpasses in price and in quality to the other Korean food that we have had (Ginger 3 in Imperial Palace).  The food was cheap and it gave us more money to go gambling later that night!
3	What a surprising location for a Korean/Sushi restaurant, and we were pleasantly surprised.  Tucked behind popeyes and a gas station, you would've never guessed that a mom/pop Korean restaurant would be located there. We came here for dinner and here's what we tried1.  Spicy seafood noodles (naeng myun) *supposed to come with free sake - Refreshing and spicy chewy cold noodles.  Just what we needed for a hot summer night.  We were slightly disappointed that we didn't get our free sake, but at the same time, we didn't bother asking, again.2.  Bulgogi box - Unique set up in a Japanese Bento box.  It had macaroni salad, salad, california roll and white rice to accompany the bulgogi on the side on a sizzling platter.  The bulgogi was pretty tasty and I did not mind the extra peppery taste at all.3.  Deep fried soft shell crab - crunchy and tasty with a drizzle of Japanese mayo?4.  Pan chan - actually kind of disappointed with the quality of pan chan.  The pickled radish was too soy-sauced and tangy.  The onion/omelette triangles were bland.  The so-called kimchi was just iceberg lettuce tossed in korean chili paste (kochujang).Conclusion:  It's a very cute hole-in-the wall for quick Korean food without having to go all the way to Chinatown.  The down side is that there are no ji gaes and the pan chan is mediocre at best.
4	Nice owners and good tasting food. The prices are very reasonable, and the service is speedy. Comes highly recommended.
4	They had a meat jun bento box that I jumped for cuz I'm in love with meat jun!!! The box came with 2 pieces of a cali roll, a little salad that had an amazing dressing, pickled cucumbers, Mac salad and a side of white rice.The meat jun bento was delicious! Not disappointed in the least and they also give you miso soup! The service was good and since it's so close to my school I'm making more trips here between classes. Great friendly service as well.Still gotta check out them after 6pm when they give out free sake. That's just crazy! But nonetheless awesome!
5	I love this place. My family and I frequent it. I love the bibimbap and the kimchi fried rice. They have great sushi also!
5	Went to this place on yelp reviews and Im glad that we did! Our server was very friendly and accomodating considering we came in with our 1 year old she brought him miso soup with rice mixed in (and we didn't even ask for it) The sushi was very good and fresh and there bento boxes are very filling and delicious. Ill for sure be coming here again! After 6 pm they serve free  hot sake :0)
5	Have you ever wanted to eat at your parent's house and wished they were Korean and cooked good ol' Korean food? Well, bip-ba-di-bam! Wish granted. (Except of course you have to pay...errhm...)With that being said, the place is a little tricky to find but worth the effort. The owner is super nice and friendly. The atmosphere is cozy without being tight and the place is kept pretty clean. I went there with my family for an afternoon lunch and was courteously greeted even though it was kind of busy. Service was quick and you never felt rushed. We each ordered something different. They ordered things like the fried rice, Chop Chee, and Sushi Box, while I went straight for the jugular and ordered the BBQ Kalbi Box. The fried rice was on par for a decent chinese take out, the chop chee was good, and the sushi was surprisingly good for a non-sushi joint, strictly speaking. The show stealer was the Kalbi though. By the way, it comes with like a thousand sides. (Really 4-5 and they're all tasty, except the macaroni salad which tasted like...macaroni salad.) It didn't sound like much food but we were all full at the end and all for under 30 for 4 people. Not too shabby at all. It's a great place if you want quick service and something simple. Definitely give it a try!
3	UPDATE- This is NOT a sushi restaurant.  We went there yesterday for sushi after finding it on Yelp.  The menu did not have a sushi section, but it did have a selection of "Hand Rolls".  We ordered a few, what we got were some cut rolls that were mostly rice with a little bit of not very fresh fish.  While we were waiting, another couple came in and said to the server "We want to order some sushi to go", he explained that they had just changed their menu last week and no more sushi.  Oh well.  We were in the mood for fish, we ordered some "Spicy Tuna Poki".  We got a large and tasty salad with a lot of raw tuna mixed in.  And the tempura is some of the best I have had.  We didn't try the Korean food, but I'm sure that it is better than ever now that they don't serve sushi now.
4	I came here two times over the past two weeks to get a fix on my Kal-bi cravings! The first time was after my dentist appointment I had the Kal-bi box to go. I was so delighted when I got home and opened the box . It had rice, salad, cucumber salad, macaroni salad and four pieces of sushi. Then a whole new box for the Kal-bi. The Kal- bi was nice and tender and it was a very generous portion. Once I tasted it ...instantly crave worthy ! I love the salad that comes with the meal because the dressing is very tasty. I'd love to know how they make it. I like it better than some places that make their dressing with the minced Ginger. The macaroni salad is good but different ..it has more of a buttery taste to it. The rolls that come with the meal are okay but it tastes like they've been sitting out for a bit. The box is filling and it includes veggies so you don't have to feel too guilty about all the meat you just ate! The second time I came with my hubby I was afraid I wasn't going to be able to find him something that he will eat and enjoy. He found Spaghetti on the menu but he was told that they discontinued it and it will not be on their new menu. Then I found the Kal-bi salad which I thought would be perfect because it has the same idea as Thai Beef Salad which he loves. This comes with the creamy dressing so it's different then a Thai Beef salad but he says he likes the Kal-bi salad better. It was good because they topped the salad with Kal-bi and more of that creamy dressing! This place is hidden behind a Popeyes chicken but it's well worth the excursion!
4	Decided to check out WBiTB after reading lots of great yelp reviews. I ordered the Mushroom soup with dumplings. There were at least three different kinds of mushrooms (enoki, and two others I can't name) and lots of them! The dumplings were gyoza style, and obviously homemade. really light, fresh taste, all garnished with green onion and shredded carrot. $14 seems a little bit pricy for a bowl of soup, given that most of the menu items were $10 or less, but I can't complain about the quality. Really tasty stuff, filling but not heavy. The service was very warm and friendly as well. I'll definitely be back, and I'm looking forward to trying the rest of their menu offerings.
2	This place is really close to my work.  I have actually called them before and see if they have a menu that they could fax to my office.  They said no menu available.  I then asked them if they have lunch specials, and all they said was "We have rice for lunch special."  Not to be rude, but if you can't market what you are trying to sell, I don't think I want to waste my time with you.  I blacklisted this place after that phone conversation. A month later, they dropped off menus at my office.  Ok, maybe things are about to change.  So my co worker and I decided to order some food for lunch.  Free delivery for orders over $25. I ordered two salmon hand rolls, one spicy tuna roll, macaroni salad and three orders of sushi.  I must give credit to the gal on the phone for suggesting that I shouldn't get the yellowtail sushi today - honesty works for me. So the order came out to be $27.81 for our order.  Here I was excited about my salmon hand rolls, thinking they are going to pretty HAND ROLLS.  They delivered the food within ten minutes, awesome.  But it was so disappointing to see my hand rolls were actually cut rolls wrapped in seaweed.  I don't care if they are Koreans, but they should know the difference between cut rolls and hand rolls...!  The macaroni salad tasted kind of refrigerator-y.  Yuck!!  The spicy tuna roll was definitely spicy but I don't think it was because of the spicy tuna.  They just dump this spicy sauce on the rice - I couldn't even see the spicy tuna! The fish on the sushi was ok... nothing spectacular or that fresh... Overall, a quick lunch would be good for this place if you know what to order, but I definitely would not recommend anyone to eat here for an experience. Eaters beware.
5	the galbi here is galbi-licious..... thick, tender, tasty.  got the combo with chicken, obviously the ribs are the star here, but then again the salad dressing is very addictive...MSG? they say none, but why do i crave it at 2am?  also tried the salmon something surprise roll... beats some of the actual "sushi"  places....  this is a hidden gem here folks.....and the staff friendly and accomodating, at least Eric is, i think that's him....and i haven't sampled it yet, but FREE sake after 6pm?  c'mon whats the catch?  that is it, eat snd drink for fwee, that's awesome......!try it.....C
4	Love their kalbi.  They have a good selection of lunch specials (between 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.).  I usually order the kalbi bento box which comes with the kalbi, rice, salad, macaroni salad, two pieces of california roll and miso soup.  Not sure what type of salad dressing they use but love it.  They'll usually give you a couple banchan such as kimchi or pickled radish if you eat in.  Meat Jun and Chop Chae are also good too.I usually go during the day and service has been great everytime.  Prices are reasonable and I've always enjoyed my meal.  Just thinking of their kalbi is making me hungry.  Definitely worth a try.
5	Ok let's review...Addicting salad dressingTasty sushiTender n juicy kalbi ribsCrispity crunchity soft japacalamari "fwee" sake after 6pm?What else do u need? Some disco lights, a DJ, some sake bombs, we have a partay! Eric, let's make this happen dood!Try it, you'll like it....I DO! Keep on yelping, don't stop....!C
5	I lucked upon Well Being in the Box.  I was doing a clinical rotation at Rawson Neal Psych Hospital, about 2 blocks away, and a social worker mentioned the place.  We arrived with 8 people and only had 50 minutes.  We mentioned this to the staff and he said they could do it.  We ordered 6 plates of sushi, 3 rolls, 5 plates of food and were out in 45 minutes.  IMPRESSIVE!The sushi was very good, tender and fresh, the spicy shrimp was fantastic, and whatever the dressing is they use of the salad is amazing.  The seating was good.  Only thing I would mention as an improvement is some music.  Prices were very good.  I look forward to sampling more of the menu next time we are up there.
5	I really love this place. Lately I've been craving Korean food on a regular, and there are so many tasty sounding dishes offered here. Every time I've come in , Jamie has helped me. She is super friendly and offered refills on my rice, soups, and side dishes. Not to mention she's soo adorably cute.My favorite dish is their spicy sashimi bibimbop. It's served on a bed of white rice & shredded lettuce, topped white tuna, salmon and yellowtail sashimi. There's also some sesame dressing and crispy white noodles in the mix. They give you some spicy sauce on the side to make it as more/less spicy as you want.The side of the restaurant is fairly small but quiet--which I like because I can sit there and study in peace.
5	I have passed by this place numerous times, generally on my way to and from the Nevada Chicken Co that's nearby. Never tried it before because I was a bit skeptical about the name (Well Being in a Box?) and the small location.To vary my protein sources from Chicken and Beef, I tried finding a good place for raw tuna and salmon...and lo and behold, I found that place at the WBB!Now I go every wendesday and get a plate of their fresh salmon salad and spicy tuna poke...and they are both so very fresh and tasty! About $7 bucks a piece and enough meat to satisfy my cravings. And the poke varies a bit in taste from other places I've got it...but a good varience because the flavor is awesome.And the last time I went, they brought out my salmon salad and told me they cut me thicker slices of salmon (same amount of slabs too...just thicker) and said they did so since I like their salmon so much! Very coolI think I found a keeper...and I love when that happens
4	"What's in the box???"   "What's in the box???"    Unfortunately for Brad Pitt, it ended up being Gwyneth Paltrow's head (spoiler alert!) and not well-being, but close enough right?   I don't think he shoots Kevin Spacey (spoiler alert!) if the box contained Kalbi and rice.  So I've ventured to Well Being in the Box (WBITB) a couple of times the last few weeks.  The first time was mainly to get a take out menu as I couldnt find a good representation online anywhere.  My friend and I placed an order and waited for it.   The service while waiting was incredible!  I ordered an iced green tea and they gave us two.   They also gave us a free order of a Korean Omelet since my friend had asked about it.  The woman there was welcoming of any questions and was making suggestions during our entire visit.   I ordered a "Sushi Plate" lunch special, which ended up containing 8 (I think) pieces of Nigiri of differing variety.   To be honest, the quality on the fish wasn't spectacular except for the Salmon, but it wasn't bad either and I still ate the entire plate (not a surprise if you've read any of my other reviews).   One downside for doing take out was they only provided one small packet of soy sauce.   I don't think they were intentionally stingy with it, but 2-3 would have been much more sufficient.The next time I tried the BBQ Combo Plate.  This had a nice sized portion of Chicken and Kalbi, along with some rice, salad (like Leslie Knope, "I stand by my decision to avoid salad and other disgusting things."), and two pieces of a California Roll.   I found this meal to be much more pleasing than the sushi plate.  Both the Kalbi and Chicken were delicious with the rice, the California Roll was a California Roll, and I gave the salad to my pet rabbits.    The price was right for the full meal @ 8.95.All in all, I'd probably give the food a 3, but the service is good enough to warrant a bump up to a 4.
5	Wonderful little Japanese/Korean restaurant.  I love the name of the restaurant "Well Being in the Box."  We ordered a whole bunch of food.- Free kimchi and daikon- Spicy Shrimp Platter - delicious shrimp in a red sauce that was a little spicy - came with a macaroni salad, a green salad and rice- Beef Kalbi Bento Box - very tender beef kalbi - came with macaroni salad, 2 pcs of sushi, green salad- Chicken Benton Box - similar to beef kalbi except with chicken- Seafood pancake (Pajeon) - quite well done - I liked this dish- Steamed mandoo - these little dumpling gems were so delicious with the dumpling dipping sauceThe owner found out that we heard about the restaurant on yelp and also that we were from Canada.  She brought us a dish of different types of mochi!  Such a nice lady and asked us to come back again.  We will be back!
5	Well Being in the Box is a great place to eat. The food is delicious and the people there are nice. I had the spicy fried rice which was excellent, so good I even bought some of their homemade hot sauce to take with me.
3	I went here for a quick lunch with the coworkers and tried their bbq chicken/kalbi lunch combo.  For the amount of food you get and what you pay....I would give it a 3 stars.  But in terms of flavor profiles...they were almost non-existent.  There is a macaroni salad served with the bento style box...that was very bland.  The chicken itself was very dry and overcooked and lacked any flavor.  I actually had to request a side of teriyaki sauce to add some flavor to the meat.  The kalbi was tender, but very similar to a home made version that is just meh in terms of flavor.  The meal also comes with soup,salad, 2 pieces of california roll, and banchan...so that is a bonus.  Based on what my coworker said the rolls here may be the better option or I noticed an older Korean couple ordering a cold Korean noodle dish that looked legit.  The owners are Korean....so the traditional Korean dishes may be the best bet here.
4	Great lunch menu with awesome selection and specialties.One thing I like about this place a lot is that they mix up their lunch menu regularly. They offer some amazing deals and a whole variety of stuff, such as spaghetti shrimp with don-katsu. Whaaaa? Yeah you never know with this place, but it's definitely always good.If you want to stick with the regulars, there's plenty to choose from on their lunch menu. I personally like the Mom's Dosirak, which is served with a variety of meat, salad, rice and soup. It's a filling deal for around $10. Also their don-katsu dish is enormous. It reminds me of some of the don-katsu I had in L.A. and it tastes great too. They also have seafood bibimbap (hwae-dup-bap) which I recommend as well.They do take-out orders as well and the waiting time is never that long, roughly ten minutes or so. The interior is a simple contemporary look that's nothing fancy, but charming to say the least. Overall, great lunch destination! PS I hear they have free sake after 6pm. You can't beat free booze!
1	Took forever to get our order in. Had to retake our order after 20 minutes of waiting. Then our order was messed up again. Looks like only one person working the front. All in all, it took the server 4 tries to get our order right. No one at the table got their food at the same time so we ended up waiting even longer for everyone to finish. Service sucked. Food was average.
5	Awesome!! Best Korean place in town. The prices can't be beat.
5	A very simple review. The service is genuine, the food is great quality for the price, and the menu is simple yet full. Highly recommended! Combo box lunch special!!! Go!!!
3	I didn't know what to expect when I got here - but we were hungry and right next to it so... why not? What we found was a pretty average Korean spot with slightly cheaper sushi prices than your average place.We ordered a sort of combination plate of rice, a little bit of noodles, some beef, and something else I don't remember. To top it off, a sushi roll. Three banchan plates came out with extremely new/fresh kimchi, some radish, and pancake pieces. Honestly, nothing was memorable. It's just food. Not bad, not good. Just food. The star of the show was, oddly, the pancake. It was full of greens and went well with the crunchy kimchi.Service was pretty slow. There wasn't much banchan on the table so I asked for more a couple times and both times it took some time to come back. We were almost never checked on. Oh, and the sushi was pretty heavily sauced - but this is common nowadays.I don't think I'd come back, but if you're in a bind and just happen to be right there, it'll do.
5	If you like Korean food, you must go to Well Being!   If you like healthy food, but haven't gone to Well Being yet, you are about to die.  Everything I've had has been excellent and the service is fast an friendly.  Highly recommend the spicy sashimi bibimbob!  The sushi is great and the bulgogi is excellent!  Enjoy!!!
5	Really like this place. I've had the lunch specials, tasty at a good price. Recently my coworkers and I placed a huge sushi order. They had it ready in a timely manner and thru in extra appetizers. Delicious food and great friendly service.
2	The food was ok but tricky advertising.The sign out side says in small letters salmon and then %50 off sushi in big letters.  You think everything is %50 off it's only order of salmon sushi.  Vary tricky advertising.  So we won't go back!
4	The 50% OFF SALMON sign caught my eye way before the signage with the name of the restaurant did. I drove past several times and didn't really take it seriously. But then it came up in my Yelp search results when I wanted sushi last night. No website, pics of the menu too difficult to really read, but solidly good reviews. It was a contender- then BF picked it when he saw the free sake after 6 part of the reviews.This place is very odd. Business-wise, they need to do some major overhauling- location is poor, setup is odd, service is lackluster, and that damn sign outside is tacky as hell. Which is a shame, because this place is great: menu is extensive, sushi is fresh and tasty, and even without the sake special it's well-priced and good value. But if they don't make some changes soon, they won't be around long: for their dinner rush on a Friday night, they only had three tables between 6pm-8pm. Ouch.Now for the food:Crazy Eel Roll- phenomenal. Giant portion, eel is perfectly cooked, ingredients all work well together. $11, good price for what you receive. Favorite of the night.Pink Roll- also good, tons of fresh tuna and salmon, both of which are super fresh and cut thick. Also well priced, think it was a $8-9 roll.Spider Roll- good presentation, artfully arranged on plate. The crab tasted the slightest bit off, though I blame the batter not the freshness of the fish itself. BF really enjoyed this one.Alaska Roll- added cream cheese to this one, worked as a combination between the Washington roll and the Philadelphia roll. This is sushi comfort food to me, salmon and cream cheese are perfect together. Sad they didn't have green onions to add. Surprised they don't keep it in the kitchen for other dishes, and confused because the picture shows the roll topped with shredded onion...Lasagna Roll- not for us, at all. I'm not a fan of baked rolls, but have heard others rave about this one and never tried it. Warm cream cheese is just not my thing, wish we would have just sent this back and had it taken off our check. Did not like at all.Service was decent, and I'll be back for good value- fresh and tasty sushi with great prices. There were only 2 rolls over $11, to put that into perspective. BF and I spent $60 on the above, plus miso soups for both of us and one free carafe of sake, and still had about ten pieces to take home to a friend as a surprise.But management? Come on. Take down the tacky-ass banner outside, change your name to something that makes sense (may I suggest Happy Sushi?), and increase your visibility with a roadside-facing logo and area advertising. Or prepare to close soon.
4	Drove by this place but never gave it a second thought because of the uninviting exterior. Finally, one of my coworkers brought me here for lunch and I am so glad that he did. Service is a bit slow, but the food is well worth the wait.
5	Good food with very reasonable prices
4	When I heard about Well Being in A Box, it made me smile a little.  When I left the place, I had a full blown grin. I'm a sucker for bento boxes (or combination plates), cheap meals and pleasant dining experiences and this tiny joint checks all those boxes for me.  For the prices, you are getting an excellent deal with large portions.  Not mind blowing fare, but they definitely hit the spot.  Plus, service rocked.We had the Kalbi bento box which comes with Kalbi, green salad, cucumber salad, macaroni salad, rice, 2 pc crab roll; the chicken katsu bowl; the Kamikaze roll (spicy tuna topped with eel and avocado) and the Alaskan roll (I think, it's California maki topped with salmon).  The eel was delicious and cut thicker than the salmon, but both were of good quality.  The rolls were priced between $8-10 and had 8 large pieces per order!  They also serve complimentary banchan - freshly made kimchi, potato pancakes and pickled radish.  We had serious food comas when we left.  So next time you are hankering for cheap Korean-Japanese fare, swing by this quirky joint and see if it satisfies your cravings too!  P.S. This place would've had 5 stars if the Chicken Katsu wasn't over-fried. In case this happens to you, I'm sure they'll be willing to redo it for you.  We were just too hungry lazy to ask. :P
5	Ordered the Kalbi lunch box special for $9.99 and it was so much food :) being Korean, you can say I know what Kalbi should taste like and thank goodness the owner is Korean so it was perfect. Make sure to come in during the lunch hours 11-3 to get the best prices. I ate with a party of six so maybe that's why the drink refill service was kind of slow, but they turned on their portable AC machine for our side. Had to take my food home since it was too much. Only down side is no music..
5	Great sushi and great prices with a side of Korean cuisine! I really enjoyed this place! Driven by this place a thousand times and glad I finally st
5	This is one of my favorite places to have lunch. The sushi is fresh and original.  Sara is a wonderful host and her mom is cooking up a storm in the kitchen. Try the Michael special, or the salmon asparagus salad! They are awesome.
5	Well Being in the Box is a great place for some awesome Korean and Asian fusion food. The portions are quite large, and the price is cheap compared to other Korean restaurants. Some dishes only run for $4! I definitely recommend the sashimi bibbimbab. The fish is always fresh and super tasty. I don't think you can go wrong venturing off and trying something new here because everything is great. I always have a pleasant experience here because the servers are very friendly and attentive. Definitely a great place to try!
4	I like this place. Their crunch roll is really good and the last time i visited their special right now. I am disappointed they got rid of their iced coffee, but it is a sushi restaurant. Other items on their menu is of course great as well. Overall, i'd recommend this place for anyone.
5	This is the best traditional Korean food I've had in Las Vegas.  We ordered the arlbap (think bibimbap but with fish eggs instead of beef), nangmyun, salmon skin, roll, and seolleongtang.  The presentation was spot on, the flavors were right, and most of the time when you find a Korean bbq + sushi place you're lacking on one side or the other, but they nailed both! I usually run into an issue where the seolleongtang broth is too watery and it's mostly bone, but this broth was thick and there was plenty of meat.  They make fresh kimchi and their arlbap had plenty of fish eggs and veggies.
