5	Gas station, convenience store, automated car wash, and lube/smog. I've been going there for at least three years for oil changes and smogs. One employee at the lube/smog shack actually remembered me.  What that says is very low turnover, with obvious reason.  When I get my oil changed in my car (5w20 usually), the standard procedure here is to check air filter and recommend replacement, top off fluids, (supposed to lubricate chassis), AND inflate to manufacturer-indicated tire pressure. So, they do all that. And WRITE IT DOWN on paper to show me what they've found and what the recommend as an upsell.  One example of upselling: transmission fluid change for $99, new PVC valve for $10. Normally, I distrust upselling.  But these guys aren't trying to scam me, these are (in my amateur mechanic's view) legitimate recommendations for service. TONS of places around town I've had trouble with, like the time I took my car to a Bruce Scher Goodyear store for a balance and wheel alignment and then checked my tires to find pressure low on all four tires (how the @#$^ can you balance a tire without inflating to the proper pressure, let alone four tires?!). This place has TOP NOTCH PROCEDURAL SERVICE.  In three years, I have never had ANYTHING to complain about, and as long as they keep their prices EXACTLY where they are at now, I won't ever complain about this location.  Oh, and of course you get a free car wash with your $30 oil change. Gas prices are competitive, too.
4	Prices jacked up 10% since the last time I visited there on many consumer goods. Gas prices aren't as competitive as some other places nearby (ex. 2.69/gal for reg unleaded at this Terrible Herbst compared with 2.59/gal at a nearby rebel). It's like "nobody will notice, so for no apparent reason, lets charge 10% more for everything".
4	I always come to this location for my synthetic oil change. I always have a pleasant experience. The men here get the job done quick. Of course they try to sell you some extra " liquids " but it's all business. Love this joint!
5	I needed my navigator oil changed because my car is telling me that and just pulled in. Very quick and cheap. 7 quart oil change for $40 and it only takes like 30 minutes. And they gave me a free car wash! Woo Woo!
3	its a gas station.. what do you expect? they have gas(haha) and snack and cigs!
