1	The running store is pretty nice, but they cater the advanced athlete/runner.  Regular people not welcome.
5	Same price for the shoes as in the mall, plus they record you running to help find the best shoe for your foot.  Highly recommend if you are a runner.
2	Overall I think this store leaves a lot to be wanting.  I always feel like I get different opinions when I go in here.  I wonder if they are having some sort of financial difficulty and when they tell me to go up in size or push a certain shoe it's just really because that's what they have in stock.  There return policy isn't that great and neither are their prices.  Again, I think there is better service and pricing elsewhere in Charlotte.
4	For all types of runners...slow...fast...seasoned...new, this store has got you covered. I fall into the fairly moderate - slow, not so new, but I am always running to run for your life (ha - pun!) to pick up race packets or check out their merchandise. They will fit any type of runner for shoes based on preferences and gait. I personally haven't been fitted here, but prices look about run in comparison to other running shops in Charlotte. I also spied a smattering of energy gels, water belts, running clothing, etc. that will fit the needs of any level of athlete. The staff was very friendly and helpful and made sure to give me my runners group discount and double checked the sales price for me. I will say, though, I expected a little more merchandise in the store as there is a lot of open space in the store. Next time I'm in the need for something running related, Run For Your Life is definitely on my short list!
5	This is the mothership... for running that is.  My office is closer to their University branch so that is the one I frequent the most when picking up race packets and such.  I came in here the other day to register for their Grand Prix Race Series.  Last year I ended up running in a bunch of the races and figured I might as well sign up for all of them this race season.I haven't been fitted for shoes at this location, but all RFYL employees are very knowledgeable, if not runners themselves so they can relate and answer any questions you may have.  I'm not the "elite/athlete" that I want to (try to) be, but the store caters to all runners, no matter your pace or situation.  Even if you walk, you should check out some of the events that RFYL sponsors and runs.  It's a great way to start a Saturday morning.  Usually after the races finish, there's a big social scene and runners/walkers just enjoying each other's company basking in the accomplishments.  My goal is to just finish [usually].  This year, the pressure is on to beat my times from last year.
5	Best running store in town. Very awesome staff that made sure to order what I was after. Probably, the first running store I've been in where I felt really comftorable.Also, being new to the area they directed me to their trail running group. Very welcoming store. They really know their stuff.
4	Very helpful and friendly staff ready to help running pros and newcomers alike. They did a great job of helping fit me for a pair of shoes, carefully watching my feet and working through subtleties in shoe design that I would have missed.They have a nice selection of other running merchandise, too, and were equally as helpful with those items.I am knocking one star for the very strict "you better like your $100+ pair of shoes" return policy. Happily I haven't regretted my purchase.
2	If you're in need of specialty sized shoes, I'd suggest going elsewhere.  Husband and I came here thinking it would be a good place to try and fit his Fred Flintstone sized feet (he wears quadruple E wide shoes, so yeah).  They didn't have the size stocked that we needed, but they said that they could order them, no problem.  They had us pre-pay for the shoes and shipping (which was fine at the time), but then, 2 weeks later they called us and told us they couldn't get the shoes we needed.  2 weeks!  And they couldn't refund us the money back to our card over the phone and didn't offer any alternatives, so I had to go back to the store for a refund - so we were sans shoes for 2 weeks, and then we had to go look all over again!  Not cool.  I'm sure for hardcore runners and people with regular sized feet, this place is the jam, but for the casual runner and large-footed people, it's a no-go.
4	Original home to what has become an institution for the running community in Charlotte, tucked into a tiny strip mall but busting at the seams with service and running opportunities.  When it's time to pound some pavement, this is still my go- to store.RFYL is a store dedicated to all things running- from shoes, to socks, to goos and apparel.  A walk-in to this shop, however, might make you question otherwise.  A few racks of clothing, a single wall of shoes, and then a spartan wall of pre-run and post-run aides can leave one feeling like the store has seen better days.  I don't disagree and would certainly suggest a proper merchandising plan and up fit would help things feel a bit more updated and welcoming to the new or novice runner.But fear not young marathoner-in-training! I still look to this store and its staff when it's time to try new shoes or get info for local runs and races.  Like a couple other stores in town, a shoe fitting here is on a whole other level from that of department stores.  Not only will you begin by having a consultation with a sales person about your running needs and goals, but you will be videotaped running on a treadmill (closeup on your gait and foot movement, not the junk in your trunk!) and given options for insoles that are more custom fit to your foot.  Will the shoes be more expensive?  Yes.  But I dare say you will leave a better educated customer knowing that you have the proper gear to get out on the trails and pull off your best Forrest Gump impersonation.  Not only that, but you'll also understand the "how" of your run and what kinds of things you need to pay attention to in order to avoid injury.  That's worth a few extra sheckles in my book.But besides all that, RFYL is also home to an event subsidiary that both sponsors and produces some of the best and biggest races in town.  While the heavy is the annual Thunder Road marathon, there are more than a dozen other races that they produce throughout the running season (pretty much all year except winter).  Their race gear is very modern and accurate and their registration process is always easy to follow.  I know that if a race is put on by RFYL I'll most likely enjoy it and be safe and cared for both during and after the run.  I also like the fact that almost all of their staff are runners too, whom you will most likely see out on a course or two if you participate in local races regularly.  That means the sales people not only make a living providing running advice, but they have a passion for the sport as well.  This local company has legs and it's no secret why, they love what they do and it shows.
4	A while back, I was having issues with my running shoes (which weren't purchased here) & stopped in to mainly get my feet checked out.Dexter was fantastic. He watched me run (inside the store) to make sure my form was correct & offered suggestions on how to run better. I appreciated the fact that he didn't try to sell me on any of the shoes they sell, or any unnecessary products.As others have mentioned, the shop isn't too big & doesn't have a ton of product. I love that they're locally owned & have been able to open another location in the university area.Their prices fall in line with other big box retailers.
3	New to running, my uncle recommend that I find a store that specialized in running to have my feet fitted for the right running shoes.I believe the woman that helped me was named Erin, she was awesome.  She helped me determine where I was putting pressure when running, she talked me through the pros and cons of each shoe, and she explained some good beginner running habits I should start.  I am a little concerned about the pricing, as some of the shoes they have can be found at your local Rack Room for about $40 cheaper.  However, overall a good experience.  The time the salespeople spend with you is nice and beneficial.  Although I don't think that this is necessarily the place to begin your running experience, just based on prices.
5	Love, Love, Love RFYL!  Employees are knowledgeable and very friendly!
5	I came here to get new running shoes, as I was having shin splints after I ran with the shoes I had. I worked with Brad, who was extremely helpful! He evaluated my walking and running stride, and looked at my current shoes, which were actually working against my natural stride. He brought me 4 different shoes to try, and was very patient while I tried them all out in various order and combinations. Once I decided on a pair, we discussed other methods of helping out my shin splints and muscle pains and he suggested a few accessories to help out. All in all this took only about 20 minutes. I've run about 12 miles since I got my new shoes, and I have been very very pleased with my purchase! I highly recommend Run for your Life, and ask for Brad! Though everyone there is awesome from the other interactions I overheard!
4	I'm a total out of shape, novice runner. That said, the couple of times I've been in run for your life, the guys have been exceedingly polite and helpful. A young fellow recommended unbelievably expensive socks, I thought he was full of it, but he was totally right! He recommended coming back to check my stride but was very understandable that shoes are expensive, no sales pressure. I really respect that. I plan to go here when it's time for a new pair of shoes.
5	Great running store.  I've been running for a little over a year now and bought my first serious pair of running shoes at another store.  I starting have pain in my feet and decided to try Run For Your Life for my second pair.  They evaluated my gait and put me in totally different type of shoe.  That made all the difference.  I've been going back ever since.
1	I am an extremely dissatisfied customer, I purchased a pair of running shoes from Run for Your Life. As a frequent runner, I learned they had sized me wrong as I continually tripped and fell while wearing these sneakers.  The store had sized me wrong, when I called the store (over an hour away from me - and I noted this while on the phone with them) to return the shoes for a different size, they said sure no problem and were as sweet as pie.  However when I went into the store the ignored me and said rudely said I couldn't return the shoes at that point.  Extremely frustrating, if I had been told that when I called I wouldn't have taken the time to travel quite a distance out of my way specifically go to this store.  If there are other running shoes in your area I would go to them, this place is not honest and will do what ever it takes to make a sale.
