5	The most Fabulous Tea Room and experience I have ever taken part in!  Wonderful service, excellent food.  The tea and coffee were both excellent and the scones are to die for.  Very affordable, reservation recommended.
5	After a terrible experience at Freed's (see my review) we decided to look elsewhere for a wedding cake baker ! As far as my husband and I are concerned, we don't like the whole European sponge cake thing. Yes they are light, but they are dry as hell. We wanted a cake baked with butter and oil that would taste as good as it looked! We wanted a cake with no fondant with delicious MOIST cake inside of butter cream frosting. We found all this and more with Dane at Simple Elegance. The experience of ordering from Dane was fabulous. We went to his elegant tea room and tried a bunch of cakes from the fridge. Like at Freed's many of the cakes were days old but tasted SO FRESH and moist even out of the fridge. We were sold based on that aspect alone! For the bride's cake we had white cake with Amaretto flavoring with white chocolate cream filling with tiny chocolate shavings. The grooms's cake was chocolate with cookies and cream filling. Both were moist and delicious!!!Pricing was very competitive (in fact cheaper than Freed's!). If you're looking to avoid the big corporation and go with a smaller bakery with a more personalized touch, give Simple Elegance a shot!
5	Simple Elegance is the reason I had not one but TWO dreams before the big day about eating my wedding cake.  The first involved me clawing at the cake and stuffing the handfuls into my mouth.  The second was, of course, me diving into the cake and eating my way out.  I feel like these dreams alone could be a sufficient review, but if not, I'll further clarify...I was convinced I wanted nothing to do with fondant.  I don't care how nice it looks or how even it covers, I was determined to have a cake that didn't taste like it was coated with wax.  And Dane was kind enough to entertain my preconceived notion so long as I just tasted a bite of his homemade fondant.  Huh, what do you know... it's good!  I was sold... fondant, it was!The flavor combinations that Dane comes up with are simply brilliant.  For our wedding cake, we had white cake with amaretto and white chocolate chips and some sort of champagne/amaretto filling layered with the most wonderful chocolate decadence cake with Kahlua and ganache.  My photographer had a heyday taking pictures of our cake cutting because of how over-the-top excited I was and how I practically made my pre-wedding cake dreams come true.  What can I say, I was really excited about getting to eat this phenomenal cake!!Due to such a wonderful experience with our wedding cake, my mom ordered a golf-themed cake from Dane for my dad and husband's birthdays (1 day apart, only a month after our wedding).  This time we got the same chocolate layer as in my wedding cake but for the second layer, we went with the Nutty Irishman - unbelievably delicious.  We had a bit of a delivery snafu that was quickly resolved, and it wasn't anything to interrupt our joy in eating the cake.
5	I was on a super budget when looking at possibilities for wedding/cup cakes. I used yelp to look up vendors in the Las Vegas area since we were coming from out of town to celebrate our special day. I emailed and contacted many if not all "bakeries" in the Las Vegas area, while some ignored my emails and phone calls others quickly shunned me away due to my budget. BUT then I got in contact with Dane at Simple Elegance. Not only was he amazing at helping me meet my budget the cake and cupcakes were phenomenal!!! Everyone at my wedding was talking about how amazing my cupcakes tasted and I come from a family of bakers, so it is tough to impress them. Well, they were beyond impressed! :) I am glad I made the best choice in going with Simple Elegance! Thank you Dane!!!!
5	Let's just say we were completely overwhelmed and happy with our cake! Not only was it gorgeous and made to match the design on our invitations, but it was so delicious we had to make ourselves stop eating it! Even the fondant was great! It held up beautifully for our outdoor garden event, even though it was July in Vegas and 110 degrees outside (the high that day was 117)! Based on how it kept its shape so well even in the high heat, I was shocked to discover it was melt-in-your-mouth moist and soft. I'll try to add some photos once we get them back from the photographer. Dane included the use of a gorgeous metal stand that almost gave it the look of an additional tier. The top tier is now sitting in my freezer (in a lovely cake keeper we found at the Container Store) and I get the urge to take it out and go for it every time I open my freezer door. I think we are supposed to wait until the anniversary but honestly it will be a miracle if we can wait that long. Deep gratitude to Dane the cake man . . . and I can't wait to get another cake from him! Let's throw a party! Who has a birthday coming up??
5	I have been looking for a good baker in the LV area for some time, my search is over. I ordered my birthday cake from Dane and it was AMAZING! The chocolate turtle cake was moist, melt in your mouth delicious.  Looking forward to the next cake we order.
