4	I actually wrote a review for Shelby via her Salon - Tonic II but thought that since she was listed on her own here that I would go ahead and post here as well in case someone came across this one, instead of the other.I am new to Las Vegas and needed to get my hair colored to straighten out a coloring faux pas that I undertook myself. It was Memorial Day Wknd, probly the worst time to try out a new stylist because you just never know what you are going to get. I have found that by using yelp you slim your chances of bad experiences down a good bit, but you just never know. Anyways, it was a big event, we were going to see one of my fave djs, lots of pictures would be taken and so on.... so I found Tonic on Yelp, called for an appt and got in within the hour. I was partnered with Shelby for my services and she is great. Shes super friendly, although not super talkative at first. It was our first "date" so I was willing to overlook that. She did come out of her shell and told me about how she does the work (hair and makeup) for the girls at Wet Republic on the wknd. I was so surprised but then I wasn't. Those girls hair looks amazing, they couldn't be doing it on their own. Now I knew their dirty little secret (teeheehee). Shelby did an excellent job on my color, she also did a shape-up on my rough ends for the cost of the new client discount and I'm hoping to get in soon to see her again.Shelby is great with colors and has a great reputation via the web for doing great work. I highly recommend her.PS - this isnt as much as part of the review as it is a suggestion. When tipping your stylist, base the tip on how well they did. For me, Shelby was a 20% tip. And when you tip them, slip them the cash. This way they dont have to pay either tax or processing fees charged by the salons they work for. (I couldnt remember about the tax thing but some not all salons charge the stylists to do tip and service on the card at one time). so just a helpful hint.
5	I also wrote a review for Shelby on Tonic II's page, so I'll just summarize here. Up-do, awesome, quick, talented. Hair magically stayed put all night long, which was surprising because I have uncooperative Asian hair that always wants to straighten out. Highly recommended.
5	Shelby is awesome and I'm so glad I found her. Being new to vegas I searched yelp for days trying to find a good salon and person to go to. I am very picky and Shelby did a fantastic job with the cut and color. She did exactly what I wanted and for a good price. I will definitely be going back to see her and I highly recommend her to anyone! :)
5	I was so nervous to get my hair done.  Specifically because another salon had ruined it!  When I called the salon I spoke to the hostess and explained what happened and she said Shelby would be perfect for me (she also said she was one of those people born to do hair). After about a half hour Shelby called and I made an appointment.  I went in, showed her what I would like in the way of cut and color (I wanted to be able to do dual looks, classy it fun!) and she got started.  The end result is and continues to be phenomenal.  I feel very free, confident and just overall extremely happy with it.  Can't wait to go in for my trim!  Lastly, Shelby is a lovely person, I highly recommend her!  It is very obvious that she knows and is comfortable with her craft!  As I told her, she's my hair angel.
