4	I use Fedex Kinko's from my office all the time.  Power point sales presentation, bound and glossy?  PDF file to brochures?  Snap.The Fedex Kinko's website allows quick and easy uploading and editing before the order is sent - then I just stop in at lunchtime or on the way in the next morning and pick it up.  Got a meeting in Albuquerque tomorrow morning and you need training materials printed, collated and bound?  Snap.  Pick it up at the location down the street from your Albuquerque office.
1	BOYCOTT This location.   I have been a Fed Ex customer for over 20 years.  I was quite content that Fedex.com allows me to reroute packages (should a delivery attempt be done - & no one is at home) to any location vs picking up at the Tempe/Hardy location.  So I had an unexpected delivery while I was out of town.  Went online, had packaged held for pickup at this location.   Went to this location with my door tag and the mess began.  First the person working the Fed Ex counter was fumbling with a sticker/label for over 8 minutes.  I seriously started to time him, after I stood there for about 3 minutes and he didn't say ONE WORD.  After he was able to peel the backing off a plain white sticker to cover something on a box, he asked how he could help.  I explained that I had an attempted delivery, went online to request package for pickup at this location.  He takes the door tag, and tells me that I have to go to the Hardy location.  I explain, no, I have email confirmation that my package is here.  He questions how I did all that, and I proceed to explain, go to www.fedex.com and read FAQs.   Then he doesn't say anything, just stares at the door tag, and walks away.  Comes back about 2 minutes later, and gives me back the door tag, and says someone will help you.  About 10 minutes later another man comes up, gets the tag, and I proceed to explain that I went online to change the location for pick up here.  He goes to the back, and tells me, that I cannot pick up this package, because I am not who it's addressed to.  (now, again, been a Fed Ex customer for 20 years, I've picked up packages addressed to my husband (we share same last name, same address).  I explain, that I've picked up packages at Hardy, their DISTRIBUTION center as long as I have a DL, which he was holding, and the door tag.  Plus, I sign for packages all the time.  He says they're different.   Can't help you.  So..  This location will not get 1 penny of my business.  I rather drive the 20 miles to Hardy location, then ever deal with this crew who has NO IDEA what Fed Ex allows their customers to do.  would not give any stars if it was an option.
3	Good service
4	Went in for a fax and it was simple and quick. Have to have a card tho for the machine. I got some help because it was my first time. Nice
4	Needed something laminated and they did it fast. Came out well, too.  It's an interesting fusion of a FedEx office and a Kinkos (which no longer exists).  I can see coming back here for printing, laminating, and of course shipping.
5	1st time here. Super great customer service and helpful because unless youre business like this place is overwhelming. I got 2 photo wedding enlargements& if I need anything in this speciality I will return.
4	Always friendly, copy machines always up and running. Fedex shipping services a true bonus.
1	A friend and I went into this Fed Ex Office to have them blow up the timpani part for Beethoven's 7th Symphony.  The manager said that they cannot copy music because it is protected under copyright law.  We tried to explain that the 7th Symphony was written in 1811 and is Public Domain but he insisted that "somebody owns the copyright on it."  Unfortunately, that manager does not understand how copyright law works.  We even showed him that the music was available on the International Music Score Library Project (www.imslp.org) which only has works that are in the public domain and he said that he cannot trust something just because some website says it's true.I wish that manager could understand that everything that exists on a piece of paper is protected under copyright law so, when a college student throws their text book on top of your copier, that's protected under copyright law, when someone brings in a picture and copies it, that's protected under copyright law - however, copyrights do have limits and do not last forever.  Works do become public domain after a certain amount of time and orchestra pieces written in the 1800s are in the public domain now.The manager did suggest a "loop hole".  He said that if we submitted the print job online and clicked the "I understand I can't print anything protected under copyright" box that they would then be able to print our music for us because, for some reason, us clicking a box relieves them of their duties to protect the assets of those who hold the copyrights.Unfortunately, we will not be returning to this Fed Ex Office for any or our printing needs due to this managers refusal to understand how copyrights work.
1	Worst service ever came into this store twice in the same week. Stood at the counter for about 5 minutes before the women slowly cutting paper with scissors or I guy messing with the label would even acknowledge me. They offered to ship my 1.25 package for $70 without giving me the option to ship it for $30 and it would arrive a day later. Go to UPS next door.
1	Before I start I want to say that the people working inside this facility are very nice.  It's very sad for them that they have zero tools to work with, that must be a very hard job.I went in with a request that I assumed, in 2014, would be fairly simple.  Scan and email some legal documents back to my mortgage company.  I was told the scanners were in the back, and the nice man pointed to some large printer-sized machines.  Not having seen a "print-only" machine in a medium to large scale business (like a FedEx Business Center, or any business center for that matter) since 2003 I had assumed they were those multi-function machines that would be scanned from the workstation.  I was wrong.The scanners were tiny letter-sized flatbed scanners hooked up to an old computer that loaded slowly and charged me $.49 per minute.  I would have paid it, honestly, if it scanned legal documents, but it didn't.  After speaking with the super nice guy at the workstation we discovered my only option within that building was a fax machine.   February 12, 2014: The date in which I sent my first fax in this century, and I paid $35 to do it.  The worst part?  Fedex made me do it because they don't have the technology available to scan and email legal sized documents.  I'm 99.999% sure I didn't even fax from that fedex fax machine to another fax machine as much as I faxed to a computer that received faxes, because it's 2014 and technology happened in the last decade. One star for the amazing and friendly people, but the other 4 are gone because Fedex should have technology that was made in this decade.  I'm equal parts shocked and annoyed at Fedex.
5	I had a good experience when I shipped a large item right before Christmas. The two girls behind the counter were very friendly and helpful. I had my puppy with me, and both girls were dog lovers and were talking about their own dogs at home. I enjoyed them being so personable. Makes sending packages from being an annoyance to being fun. :-)
1	Went in today to ship a package out using Ground shipping. As soon as I walked in the door, I was greeted by a friendly woman however when I approached the counter the man behind it just stared at the box I was holding. I asked if I could set it down and he just nodded, didn't point to a place or greet me at all and he just kept staring at the box. Realizing I packed it upside down, I made a joke about that, figuring that was the problem. He just nodded and then slid the box closer to him so he could examine the label, I told them both that the label was old and I forgot to remove it, so I'll need a new one. At this point the man is giving me the creeps so I asked him if there was a problem. This is when he tells me, wait for it....Well this is the same box we receive our supplies in, so I'm kinda wondering if you stole it from the dumpster out back. I couldn't believe this - because I'm using a FedEx box I must have dived in your dumpster? I said that was a really weird thing to say and looked around at the other two workers who seemed unfazed. He still made no attempt to help me - so I said I was really uncomfortable and would be taking my business elsewhere. He didn't apologize, try to explain or clarify - I took my box and walked out. I've never in my life been treated this way even at the post office during Christmas! Unbelievable. DO NOT go to this location.
