5	If you're looking for hair removal, this is the place to go... I was referred to Jill by some friends of mine and I cannot thank them enough!  I used to have to shave my legs EVERY DAY.  It was embarrassing... I had to take a sharp razor to my legs every single day and even then i was lucky to have smooth, clean shaven legs for a few hours... (I know, this is kind of sensitive information to be sharing, but I want to share because of my positive experience with Jill.)  When I tell you that I don't have to shave my legs or underarms anymore, I am not lying!  Sure, it took 8 or 10 visits all 6 weeks apart, and the visits are not the most fun experience you'll ever have, but the results are worth it!Jill sees both men and women for hair removal.  She is professional, affordable (compared to other places I've seen), and puts you at ease the second you walk in... Jill says her website will be coming soon, but I wanted to post this review asap in case any of you are looking to start the process right away - it is worth it!  For smooth skin, no worries of prickly hair growth, and a pleasant experience along the way, I highly recommend giving Jill a call!
5	Jill is the best! Seriously.I am a college student and I come home sometimes at the last minute or only for one day and she ALWAYS works with me to fit me in for an appointment.I was really skeptical at first about laser because I had heard some horror stories, but my very first visit Jill sat me down with information about it, talked to me and told me everything involved with the process, her history/background/experience, and answered ALL of my questions (and I had a LOT).  She was so patient and explained everything in a way that was easily understood.I have been going to Jill for over a year now, and it was the best decision I've made.   I started with my upper lip, but I have begun treatments on my underarms and bikini as time went on.  Each area has different levels of discomfort, but Jill is very patient.  She is always able to make me feel more comfortable.  Finally, probably the best part about Laser Perfection is the price.  All of the treatments are ridiculously reasonable when compared to other places, and the quality of the service is outstanding.I refer all of my friends to Jill, and would vouch for her to anyone.  Not having to shave is the best feeling in the world! :)
5	Been there twice so far and I already see a huge difference.  Love this place Jill makes you feel at ease. The prices are great too. I have told my friends about her and are excited to go get laser done.
5	Tried this place out after reading reviews here on yelp....and the people are correct.!....Jill is so sweet and made me feel at ease.  The procedure was quick and pretty painless.  Her prices are very reasonable....I wanna laser my whole body! haha
5	I love Jill.  Seriously - as a person, she is just super cool.  She makes you feel totally, 100% comfortable, she is efficient and her laser is effective and relatively pain free.  Her prices are totally doable.  She is a bit of a drive for me - almost an hour - but I would drive double that just to have her remove unwanted hair!
5	Absolutely agree with previous reviewers, Jill is great! We found Laser Perfection right here on Yelp!!She's very friendly, knowledgeable, and affordable, what a great combination!My wife and I have each visited Jill and have been very happy with her services. If you have hair and don't want it there...visit Jill.
5	Jill is great!  My husband got me a gift certificate based on yelp reviews and I could not be happier!  Not only does she have a great personality and make you feel very comfortable, but she is very efficient and thorough.  I have had laser hair removal done before and not only are her prices better, it was a less painful process.  My husband is actually going in now for treatments himself!
5	Very highly recommended from 2 friends of mine. Jill is very nice, accommodating and know what she's doing. My only regret has been taking so long to finally go to her!
5	Ok - all 5 STAR REVIEWS - what else is there to say about the Fabulous Jill!I've been going to Jill for over 5 years so i joke I'm one of her first customers.  The first day i came to see her she immediately made me feel comfortable and welcomed - which helps when it's time to take your clothes off! I was especially concerned being African American as I had heard horror stories about friends having laser hair removal and later having pigment issues.  Since I wanted my bikini, lip and under arms done - I didn't want to risk it!Needless to say I've never had an issue with Jill.  I told her about all of my concerns and she walked me thru EVERYTHING.  5 years later I'm hairless and happy - but always stop in to see her when I'm in town.In addition to being the best - she also the best priced!  I searched for different options and Jill had by FAR the best prices.  In addition if you package a few areas together, she's super affordable.  What i really like about her (different than most places) is that she doesn't try to force you into buying a "package".  She acknowledges everyone needs a dfifferent amount of treatments so she can build one for you if you'd like, but it's really just priced by treatment so you can come/do as you'd like.
5	I just had my first appointment with Jill and she was thorough, knowledgeable, and made for a very comfortable and relaxed experience.  I will say, the only con is that the scheduling is a pain!  Their receptionist NEVER answers!!! However, the excellent service, great prices, and positive experience more than make up for it, I was impressed.I had to wait about half an hour to get in, I assume it's because Jill is so popular and heavily-booked.  but she cut me a great deal to get rid of a few trouble spots left over from my last laser treatment (Note: DO NOT go to Neo's Med Spa for laser!)   The process was very quick, almost completely painless, and very relaxed.  The location is very clean and comfortable, and the Candela laser they use is one of the most highly rated and powerful on the market.  Provided you can ahold of the place, I'd highly recommend it to anyone.  Take it from someone who has struggled with laser hair removal and gone to several of the bigger chains in the valley. This is the way to go.  I'll update the review once I begin to see results to let everyone know how it turned out.
5	Jill is absolutely amazing. If you go to any other place for laser hair removal, you are simply an idiot.Not only is Jill super personable and makes you feel comfortable in a situation that can sometimes be categorized as awkward, her prices are extremely affordable. You couldn't pay me to go somewhere else!
5	Well my whole family goes to her & we live in California, but shes awesome we carpool & sometimes fly just for her appointments, shes been helping my siter Josie & daughters for years & were like family to her now, shes actually getting me some really good skin care products too!   Thanks Jill, what would we do with out you. Oh my face has cleared tremendously my acne marks are disapering!   Arlene,
5	I've waxed, I've shaved, I've ignored...then I thought-what about laser hair removal. I'm half eastern European, and the thought made me a bit nervous, but the Holy Grail of Smoothness was so tempting. So, I looked on Yelp and made an appointment. I've already gone for three sessions. First of all, Jill is fantastic-comfortable and professional. She's been in the business for a long time, and she knows what she's doing. Second, her prices are comparable to waxing. And it becomes permanent. Hello? Why wax ever? The pain is about the same either way AND you can shave-no growing hair out!And it's not just for ladies: ear, nose, neck...the possibilities are hairless! Don't be that guy with spider legs hanging from your nose!
4	Jill is great! When you are trying to remove hair from some areas, it just isn't an easy position to be in....Jill makes it humorous and comfortable.  :)
5	I love this place a friend of mine turned me onto laserperfection by Jill about a year ago. I started with under arms and now I am hooked.  She does all of my laser hair removal. She is very friendly and made me feel very comfortable from day one. Prices are affordable and has always worked with my schedule. I definitely recommend her.
1	This Lady who runs this business has attitude problem. She is extremely nasty and rude. I chose Jill because of referral but that did not reflect on the experience I had today. I made my appointment a month in advance. She has her own appointment rule that never being mentioned when I made my appointment. You need to go and slide a card under her door  and wait for her to come and get you. she came out 10 minutes after my appointment time, After I knock at the door. There is not where on the door written that " do not knock" ! She came out with a very nasty attitude said that you don't interrupt me anymore!  She handed  the paper works to fill up!  I finished my paper works in a matter of 3 min and sit and sit for another 20 min. The whole time I was sitting in a lobby and not knowing what to expect. After 30 min she came and  I asked her that my appointment was at 1:30 and I just missed 30 minutes of my lunch break. Also I mentioned that she could call me to come later if she was running behind. She stare at me for about 15 second and then said that " are you expecting to be seen right at 1:30?" What?  I went to the room she rudely told me she has too many customers and cannot treat me . She said that she is concern about facial hair removal. She mentioned that it is a new study and facial hair removal actually increase the hair growth. I am having laser treatment for last 10 year all over my body and no one ever told me that facial hair removal in not recommended. I will not recommend her to any one for any kind of treatment. I am not going back to her that is for sure. I don't even think she worth one star.
5	Jill you are the best! Jill is so wonderful and personable it feel completely comfortable with her. She knows about me & remembers me & she shares about her. It almost feels like a little catchup with a friend while I'm getting done what I need to get done. She is so generous go over areas a few times bc she genuinely wants you to be hair free. She empathizes whih is great...much better than when ur getting lasered by someone who you're kind of embarrassed to show your problem areas to if you know what I mean. She is also soooo well priced. I used to get just a Brazilian for what she charges me for my face, arm pits, Brazilian, back of legs & toes! She'll do my pits and I don't have to shave for 2 months! I drive all the down to chandler during rush hour to go to her even though there are a dozen places right in my neighborhood that offer laser services. You will be so happy with your experience, results, and your budget if you go I her. And don't worry laser really doesn't hurt that bad. The only issue I have is that Jill is so busy she has someone else schedule and take phone calls but they never actually answer the phone. I'm really busy too so when I set aside half an hour to get a few personal things done I want to get them done. This lady & I will play phone tag for a week before I get an appt scheduled bc every time she leaves times on my vm bc I can't answer my phone at work & by the time I call bak then she calls back the ope. Times are different. Jill it would be nice if someone could answer the phone just saying. Also keep in mind if you are wanting to schedule an appt it can take 4-6 weeks to get in bc everyone schedules their next appt right after their appt.
4	So far so good! I have had one appointment and everything went well. I had my consultation, Jill explained everything, and I decided to go for it. She is reasonably priced and not much more than a good wax. However, it hurts less, and it lasts longer. Jill was professional, made me feel very comfortable, and scheduled my next appointment right there. The receptionist (although we played phone tag) was nice and friendly enough each time I spoke with her. She also called my the day before my appointment each time. Just a reminder, no lotions or deoderant before the visit. Also make sure the hair is JUST above the skin. So, electric razor is probably the best idea. Jill also goes over the areas twice so that everything is taken care of. Some spots were missed (or my hair cycle finally made everything grow back). Either way 6 weeks later and I am ready for my 2nd appointment. Probably 85% of my hair is gone.
1	DO NOT GO HERE! When I told Jill all the awful things her receptionist said she freaked out on me and said I was "harassing" her and her assistant. On the first call the receptionist stated that since I was male I would have to come in for a consult to make sure I was not a creep or a rapist. This was extremely unprofessional. I went anyways because I was referred by a friend. A few people I referred also made complaints to me about her receptionist. After much though I decided the right thing to do would be to tell Jill. Jill immediately became rude and defensive sending nasty text messages and told me not to come in ever again and that she was calling the police. I was shocked. I simply told her what her receptionist said to me and then told her that people had been complaining about her to me. I even told her I just wanted her to know so she could not have this problem in the future with other clients. SORRY FOR TRYING TO HELP! I also tried to address a complaint because she did laser hair removal on my face and now I have a permanent  burn mark on my cheek, I will be filing an official complaint.  Oh and just so everyone else knows,.. Arizona requires a doctor to do these procedures. Jill was grandfathered in after the law passed because of a class action law suit she filed. She is NOT a medical professional and should NOT be using this type of machine on people. She is quick, hasty, and rushes appointments (read other reviews) and I have since encountered two other people who have complained of permanent"burn" marks. They passed the law requiring only doctors to do these procedures for a reason.
3	Jill and her receptionist have always been friendly to me. I was Jill's client for about 2 years before I learned that something was wrong with coming back for treatment on the same area every 4-5 weeks for 2 years.  I am African American.  Because of our skin being darker than some, laser hair removal can be tricky.  Jill was very careful not to damage my skin, but I recently discovered that the machine she uses is not a good fit for darker skin.  Treatment can go on for years without result with her type of laser machine. After doing some research I found out that the most effective machine for darker skin or coarse hair is called the CoolGlide with Yag attachment.  I found a place called Dermacare in Goodyear that has this machine. It's costly, but I started seeing results after the 1st treatment.  I repeat, it is NOT NORMAL to have the same area treated dozens of times without result.  If it's not working don't waste your time or money, and try something else.
5	I love this place!! I have been coming here for about a year and have referred everyone from my mom to my supervisor! Love the prices and the staff!!! Keep up the good work Cindy and Jill!
1	is it possible to give zero stars? if so i would. both jill and her receptionist, cindy, are EXTREMELY unprofessional. they are unresponsive. they will send you rude text messages. the receptionist gives you the WRONG  time for your appointment and jill will chew you out for it, with absolutely nasty text messages. she is always angry. and lastly, i have gone multiple times, and this hair removal STILL has not worked after around ten treatments. this is not the right place to go. ZERO stars.
5	I was referred to Jill by two friends (who didn't even know each other) and I am sooooo glad they did. She use to have this assistant that would book her spot, that lady did just a bad job at returning phone calls let alone book appt. Wellllllll, that lady is no longer there and making appts with Jill is so easy.  Jill is very personable and makes you feel super comfortable the entire spot. Ok so on to hair treatment results, I'm sure you're dying to hear about it. After my first appt with Jill, I literally had no hair no joke.  HALLELUJAH! The little bit of hair that did come back were so fine that you can hardly tell it was even there. Within 6 weeks, I saved once maybe TWICE. I am so pleased with the results. I had my 2nd treatment today and I'm so certain that the results will be even better. People say 6-8 treatment is normal but I don't think I will need that many. Maybe 3 or 4 treatment max at this rate. This have got to be one of the best thing I've done for myself. Do yourself a favor and get it done. You'll never have to worry about shaving, spending money on razors or have that awkward "oh shit I forgot to save" moment. Jill is the best!
5	I was referred to Jill by two friends (who didn't even know each other) and I am sooooo glad they did. She used to have this assistant that would book her appts, that lady did such a bad job at returning phone calls, let alone book appt. Wellllllll, that lady is no longer there and Jill is the one that sets her own appts. Who knows your schedule better than yourself, right? Jill is very personable and makes you feel super comfortable the entire appt. Ok so on to hair treatment results, I'm sure you're dying to hear about it. After my first appt with Jill, I literally had no hair, no joke.  HALLELUJAH! The little bit of hair that did come back were so fine that you can hardly tell it was even there. For 6 weeks until my 2nd appt, I shaved once maybe TWICE. I am so pleased with the results. I had my 2nd treatment today and I'm so certain that the results will be even better. People say 6-8 treatment is normal but I don't think I will need that many. Maybe 3 or 4 treatments max at this rate. This has got to be one of the best things I've done for myself. Do yourself a favor and get it done. You'll never have to worry about shaving, spending money on razors or have that awkward "oh shit I forgot to save" moment. Thank you Jill, you're the best!
