4	Did NOT disappoint! I can not stand digging through messy racks, I just don't have the patience, so I was VERY pleased when I walked in and found everything neat and tidy and in it's place :)There was a nice variety of womens pants, shorts, shirts and even shoes. The only thing I did not find a whole lot of were sports bras. The prices were consistently about $10 under the normal retail price, a few items had a bit of a higher discount. Still, for the quality of clothing they have, the prices are right! I also like that the staff are not pushy and in your face, but they are friendly.
5	The customer service is out standing. Always willing to help you. I will keep shopping there. Better deals than the Nike store and friendly
5	Helped my wife and I find everything we needed and told my wife and I that Cabelas would have the beanie.  Will always shop here. Their products last forever.
5	I love this store. My husband and I have been here three or four times in the past six months and we consistently leave happy with some really great deals. The staff is friendly and helpful and lets you try on as much stuff as you like.  They will even bring additional items to the dressing room so you don't have to get dressed again and go out looking yourself.  That comes in handy when you thought the medium was the right size but you tried it on and realized you needed a large.  Hate it when that happens. The store is very clean and neatly organized.  The staff is constantly replenishing the racks.  There is always a ton of gear on the clearance racks and I end up finding way more than I need.  Plus, it's usually an additional 20% off the lowest ticketed price!  Bargain!  They have a really good selection of styles, sizes, and colors in just about everything you can think of workout related.  We went there yesterday in search of tops and bottoms to run in in cold weather.  We had a friendly staff member help us out and we found exactly what we needed.  Shopping here is always a positive experience and I highly recommend it.
5	I enjoy coming to the outlets exponentially Under Armour they have a wonderful staff specially SELENA, and LEON, an awesome employees they where really helpful friendly best experience I have ever gotten. I would recommend this place to anyone that's looking to buy clothes it's really nice organized friendly customer service. And member of management I just wanted to say those two staff I mention are really awesome please recognize their hard work they have done people like theme make us customers coming back!!!
4	Great place to shop at, either for cold gear or hot gear, they have everything.  Their customer service was excellent, they will try their best to find what you are asking for.  Great quality clothing store, must visit if you are in that area.
4	Great Selection I'm usually not a fan of outlet malls, however, I enjoy shopping at Tanger Outlets.  I was able to finish a lot of Christmas shopping this season, in one location, especially at the Under Armour Store.  The prices at Under Armour were very reasonable and there was a large selection of merchandise to choose from.All the products I purchased were of great quality, fit, durable, breathable, stylish and nothing I purchased shrunk. Definetly, a standard of an under armour product.  My nephew was very pleased as was I with the hoodies and t-shirts we purchased.The sales associates are extremely helpful and quick to offer assistance and advise. I would definitely recommend stopping by to see what Under Armour has to offer.
