5	This is the finest veterinary specialty clinic I have ever used.  Every person in the office was helpful, courteous, and kind.  The clinic is large and light and clean and inviting.  The veterinary radiologist, Dr. Arch Robertson, expertly performed a cystocentesis on my cat, the next day following up with the lab results and discussion of next steps.  The internist, Dr. Ale Aguirre, was equally compassionate and professional, and clearly explained potential causes and treatment options.  I highly recommend Vetmed, when you need a specialist for your pet.
5	Tonight, my 15 year old Maine Coon is recovering from surgery to remove several cysts on his liver lobes.  He is recovering nicely after Dr. Foote and staff took great care.My first experience with VetMed was when my boy needed an ultrasound at my regular vet and the next day Dr. Robertson came to perform the ultrasound.  Great bedside manner and also let me stay right next to him while they were doing the exam.When my vet contacted me with three recommended choices of surgeons to go to and VetMed came up as an option, I knew who my choice would be.Today I waited with my cat prior to his surgery for a few hours and then sat around while he was being operated on.  Dr. Foote and Ashley were great at explaining everything to me and making me feel comfortable.  The rest of the staff were very polite and while I felt a bit like the "crazy cat lady" because I sat around waiting for the "good word"... I was glad that I didn't seem to be a burden.After the surgery, Dr. Foote came out with a smile and explained how the procedure went, how my boy did and then she brought me back to see him while he was in recovery.  Hopefully, if he's doing well tomorrow, I'll be picking him up and taking him home with me.The facility is probably one of the nicest veterinary facilities I've ever been to.  So clean and also very professional.  Great staff as well.
5	Friendly staff. Little paperwork. Modern, clean, nice smelling office. Very polite and professional techs and doc.
5	My dog was having seizures and needed immediate attention.  Dr. Grant and her technicians were soothing, courteous and knowledgeable.  Henry was admitted quickly and I was able to visit him and have all my questions answered.  I took Henry to VetMed because my wife, who is a veterinarian, was unavailable  to treat him and she said I could trust the doctors there completely.  Henry was in the hospital for 24 hours, and was well taken care of.  Thank you Dr. Grant and Staff!
5	Our Roxie was experiencing renal failure, our regular vet told us she had to be put down, they could not help her. We took her to Dr Aguirre at VetMed where he took new blood tests which did not match with the vets (untrue findings) and he told us he could absolutely help her.He was clear that this would be a costly procedure and had us think about what steps we would be willing to accept. He was not pushy nor did he make us feel pressured in any way. Our pup was 5 years old, had she been 14 I don't think we would have put her through the treatments. It was a tough go, she couldn't lift her head and was near death. After 5 days of treatment at VetMed she was still very exhausted but she wagged her tail and that was the sign she was on her way back to good health. Dr Aguirre is amazing. Professional, intelligent, loving and the most kind person I have ever met. Roxie gained her weight back, she is doing very well and has continued with the compounding medications Dr Aguirre prescribed. I know there are many who can not afford to pay a high cost to save their pets, and I understand completely their decision to let the pet pass on. But we were fortunate to find Dr Aguirre and to save our sweet 5 year old Wheaten Terrier. The best friend my husband and I have ever had. THANK you Dr Aguirre.
1	I have been to Vet Med with three of my beloved dogs now. Never good news but kind of expect that when you go to a specialist. Twice I have seen Dr Aguirre and I have nothing but good things to say about him. However, my last experience was horrific! I took my 4.5 yr old Jake in who was diagnosed with congenital kidney disease. His values were off the chart but he did not fit the profile of a dog with his values as he was still happy, playful, running around with his littermate, eating, etc. It was all of our hope that in addition to CKD that he had an infectious disease to account for the astronomical blood values. So I checked him in on a Thursday morning and got him hooked up to IV therapy, antibiotics and had the battery if infectious disease tests run. I was told that as the results were returned I would be notified. I wasn't! I would give it several hours after a test was to be returned waiting for a call, which NEVER came. I would then call seeking the result and again, I would not receive a return call. At that point in time, communication was critical and yet the staff did not communicate with me. I checked him out that Saturday morning because while I went in with a dog that  no one could believe from his disposition was so incredibly sick, when I saw him Sat morning it was evident to me that he had taken a 180 in the course of 10 hours and I had a visibly sick dog. He was listless and his body was trembling but no one could tell me why. I later learned that what I was witnessing that morning was the fact that he had gone into liver failure too overnight. But it took until that following Monday for anyone to tell me the results of his lab work even though I was told I would get them before noon on Saturday.  Again, communication was critical and the weekend staff failed to communicate with me or allow me to speak to his specialist....who is later learned only works Mon thru Fri and us not available on weekends. This place sells itself as being 24 hour critical care facility. NEVER again will I take my beloved animals there....EVER
5	We arrived on Vetmed's doorstep at 10:30 PM on a Tuesday night after calling ahead to make sure they would be there. We were let in along with our dog who had pretty serious back problems and could not urinate on her own. A tech who was experienced with expressing dog bladders took the time to try a couple of techniques all the while trying to show us what to do. But alas, the problem was too serious and our dog could not find relief, just as we had been trying to do the same thing ourselves with the same results.We knew our dog had been suffering with this back problem for some time and with this complication, we decided that she just needed to be done with all of this discomfort, poking, prodding, etc. So we decided right then to put her down.Every one of the staff was just incredible in their compassion while at the same time taking care of all of the necessary business involved. They all seemed to care about our dog as much as we did. They gave us a choice of what to do about the remains, and even provided a paw print cast which our daughter really appreciated. And I felt this was all priced reasonably especially considering the late hour.I think we were all impressed with the waiting room, the exam room, the staff, everything. We were thankful to have that quality and compassionate help at a time when we needed it so badly. I cannot recommend them highly enough.
1	My cat was diagnosed with fatty liver disease. Penny is 2 1/2 and was going to die from liver failure. As you can imagine this was a very intense situation for me. Up to this point, I have spent $2500.00 on her. I was referred to VetMed by my local vet because my cat need a procedure that my vet didn't perform. Penny needed a feeding tube and VetMed charged me $1900.00. OBVIOUSLY this is a lot of money for a single mom who's in finals at school to fork over, so at the time of service I inquired about everything being inclusive in that price. e.g. Was I going to have to pay to take this out etc. The vet told me that everything was included in the price. Great. Thank you. Have a great day while I go home and tube feed my cat. However, that was not the case. A few days ago I received a call informing me that my cat will need weekly dressing changes and guess what? It's not included in the price, it's about $30.00 a week. For a dressing change? That takes 5 minutes? That cost pennies on the dollar? I'm starting to believe that these so-called pet lovers love the money and not your pet. How hard is if for them to do the right thing and change my cats dressing so she doesn't get an infection on top of everything else she's got to deal with? Yeah, I'll do it myself. Thank you VetMed for nickel and diming me. Real great of you.
5	We were referred to VetMed after my chihuahua went in for a dental procedure at a pet dentist and things went horribly wrong.   Rosie is 9 years old and prior to April, she was fairly healthy!  It all started with a broken tooth, I had taken her to a different emergency vet after she woke up with a hugely swollen face! She was prescribed some meds along with amoxicillin and we were told to follow up with our regular vet! The next day, after having started the amoxicillin I woke up to her laying in a small pool of blood at her mouth, I took her to our regular vet right away who said Rosie really needed to go to a pet dentist to get a tooth extraction and a root canal to solve the issue.  So here we are 2 days in and I take her to the pet dentist who went over the procedure, cost ($$$$), etc. so I agreed to have the surgery done that day and as scared and nervous as I was for my baby I left her there and waited for the phone call that she was done... I instead got a phone call 45 minutes later and right then all my fears came true... I had to go back and pick her up and take her to VetMed critical care hospital right away!!! What?!? I couldn't even breathe... My baby was suddenly in critical condition, she had been administered the pre-anesthetic and during this time her heart rate was plummeting, she had a heart block in 2 areas, her oxygen was dropping and suddenly her life was hanging by a thread.  We go pick her up and my poor baby is practically lifeless with a huge bandage on her neck! They attempted to take blood from her main vein, but it wouldn't clot so now we know her platelets are non-existent and and they also found she had hardly any red blood cells!! The pet dentist called ahead to VetMed so they were expecting us when we arrived and they welcomed us with open arms. I handed the vet tech my baby and just burst in to tears, not knowing what was going to happen... It was all happening so fast!  I filled out the short form and now we wait... after about 30 minutes, we are called in to a room to await Dr. Hooper and finally get hit with a ton of bricks.  The doctor suspected Rosie had some sort of autoimmune response from the amoxicillin, it basically was making her immune system attack itself so it was killing her platelets and red blood cells!! She explained she has seen this before and she gave a guarded prognosis until she could rule out all other underlying conditions and confirm her suspicious.  With our consent, we left Rosie in their care a prayed for the best.  We got a call that evening from Dr. Hooper that said after all the testing, there is no evidence of any underlying condition that could have caused this so now, our only hope was for a blood transfusion to buy Rosie time for the medications to work on suppressing her immune system and rebuild what had been destroyed.  We were given all the facts and risks associated with the transfusion, but it was our only hope.  That was the longest night of my life, but no news was good news and we made it through the night without a phone call which meant the transfusion went well!  They, Dr. Hooper and the VetMed staff saved Rosie's life... they were amazing, never bothered by my phone calls checking on Rosie, let us come visit her in a private room for as long as we wanted and Dr. Hooper, she was an angel!  She came in to visit and update us on how Rosie was doing, called with updates while I was at work, just amazing! Rosie was there 3 days, but it seemed like an eternity at that point.  It has been 4 months and Rosie is still on daily medication and my regular vet still consults with Dr. Hooper to this day about her continued care and recovery.  We may have to deal with this autoimmune condition for the rest of Rosie's life, but I am just beyond blessed and thankful she is still here with me!  I will never go to another emergency vet, VetMed has won my trust and respect! A million thanks from Rosie and I!
4	Our fur baby woke up crying in pain and not eating on a Sunday morning. We took him into Vetmed. We usually go to the other emergency vet hospital but Vetmed was slightly less expensive.The atmosphere is great. Clean, but comforting. They have water and coffee. The staff is wonderful. They put you at ease and they really do seem to love animals. Luckily our pup was just fine, it was just a strained muscle. He got some painkillers and we were on our way.My only complaint is how pricey everything is. It is twice as much as a normal vet's office. And you have to pay up front. I know that it is standard at most emergency vets but it is very unfair for people who are economically disadvantaged. We were able to afford it this time but when we took our pup to a different emergency vet last year we had to borrow money from a relative. What if we didn't have that money to borrow and it was a life or death situation? It makes me sick just to think of it. Just wish emergency vets can think of a solution to help people. Payment plans? Something. Sorry to rant. We really liked Vetmed and we will use them again if there is an emergency... I hope they take this review to heart.
1	VetMed is wonderful for emergency care. For continuous care and follow ups, HORRIBLE. We were referred to VetMed for an ultrasound and to adjust medications, $600 later, ultrasound came back clear with no problems but still adjusting medicine. Dr. Aguirre, who is no longer there, left zero notes in our file about the weaning process of my dog's medications. So - when he's on vacation for a week, all the while knowing that it would be this week when we would have to do an adjustment because I had just talked to him days before, and I need to know the next step for my dog, there's no answers and we have to wait. And when he leaves the practice, there's no notes for the next doctor, so guess what! You need to come back and spend $83 for the new doctor to look at the exterior of your dog which will tell you  nothing more than you already know since you already have her ultrasound, and recent blood work. And if you'd like to speak to the Dr. on the phone, you can't, you just get the tech's who require 2 phone calls of your questions because they can't seem to remember to ask all the questions to the Dr. the first time. Don't waste your time here for continuous care for your pet, go somewhere else where the people genuinely care and take the time to be thorough and help you instead of make your situation harder.
5	Over the New Year's holiday, our normal vet's office was closed. On their answering machine, they recommended calling Vet Med if you had an emergency. Our dog was suffering from a second bout with Valley Fever. Among other things, had not eaten or consumed water for days, and was to the point that he couldn't get up by himself. As a family, we decided it was time to relieve him of his condition and let him go.Instead of making him suffer through another night, we decided to call Vet Med and have him euthanized. I called the Vet Med office to ask about the euthanasia process. The girl who answered the phone (didn't get her name) was extremely friendly, compassionate and helpful ! She provided all the information we needed, and asked when we would like to come in. Upon arrival, which was of course is very difficult, the team had a room ready and let us spend time with our dog prior to starting the procedure. We dealt with  two assistants, and the doctor. Throughout the whole process, everyone was fantastic and so helpful in getting us through this tough time. From the moment they first placed us in a room to the final goodbye to our pet and the Vet Med team, we couldn't have asked for a more comforting and compassionate experience.Thank you very much Vet Med team. You made this day much easier to deal with!
