3	I really like Carl's Wetern Bacon Cheeseburger. Greasy deliciousness!
3	I'm not a big fan of fast food, so I usually don't rate higher than 2 stars for fast food places. I know I say I'm not a big fan of fast food places, but I am a big fan of their bacon western cheeseburgers (which you can't find at any other fast food place). Anyways quality of food here isn't all that great (especially comparing to in-n-out burger), and I can easily knock down this place to 2 stars, but heck where else can I get my bacon western cheeseburgers? They sure don't sell e'm at In-N-Out. If In-N-Out did sell these type of burgers, Carl's Jr. wouldn't even exist in my world. You better believe that I this rating is just simply for that burger, everything else can kiss my a** goodbye, because the quality of food sucks here, just like I stated above.Bacon Western Cheese Burgers FTW.
1	Make sure to count your change!! Drove to this location getting 2 western bacon burgers and an order of onion rings which came out to 10.67. Gave a 20.00 and got the change. I had a sneaky suspicion about something and rather than putting my money in my wallet I decided to count it. I only got 8.33 instead of 9.33!! I question the dood that gave me the money and he gave me the one dollar saying "I was thinking that I shorted you" and I said "shame on you" Fucktard could have done this to the 3 cars in front of me and they would have never known. All that for just one dollar? Really?? The food was good and I'll come back again but the workers y agotta keep an eye on em.......Feh.....Oh by the way .... If Carls Jr is really checking Yelp the info on the receipt says Register 6 order #5147 4/2/2012 5:49:56 pm Carls Jr 8055 7598 Vegas Dr 702 228 2114 and a big FUCK YOU VERY MUCH !!Fuckin hate Hate HATE dishonest people...Rant over.....
3	Never had Carl's Jr before, but the commercial for the Grilled Cheese Bacon Burger made me go. Got the combo and the wifey got a Chicken Club sandwich. Bread was good for the burger. Was put together fresh because the cheese was barely melted. Would have been better with some Heinz ketchup on it. Only had mayo on it (a lot of mayo) and I didn't get any ketchup packs because as with the other fast food chains, you have to ask for ketchup packets so they can save a few pennies. The burger patty was a little small but oh well. It still tasted good. I tried some of the fries. Weren't too bad, but without ketchup I can't give a good opinion of them. Wifey's chic club was a complete mess. Bun fell apart. It was all over the place. Good thing she wasn't the one driving. This place was ok overall, but ketchup, ketchup, ketchup, ketchup! And make sure it's Heinz! Because as I have said time and time again, if it ain't Heinz, it ain't shit!!!!!!!!
3	This carls Jr has by far the best service ever!
4	Always clean, the staff is always friendly, and they always get my specialty order right. I just can never figure out why no one is ever here except me.
4	Even through all the crazy menu items CJ has had over the years, the taste is still the same. The burgers are consistently good. I miss the days when you could get a Famous Star WITH cheese for just .99! The fries are horrible sice they changed them. My favorite fries were at CJ but not now damn it. I came the other morning for breakfast with a coupon and tried the Maple Sausage, Egg & Cheese Biscuit. The sausage was freaking good. It reminded me of the Johnsonville breakfast sausage my wife cooks. The biscuit was hot and damn good for a fast food place. The hash browns are nuggets and surprisingly not too greasy. Now if I could just get them to bring back their baked potatoes and original fries all would be right.
3	Typical fast food experience. Go through the drive thru, order food, receive half of the food you ordered correct, pay amt and leave dissatisfied. The highlight of the experience was the soda because I was craving carbonation and the Philly burger was okay. Not trying to go all in on the employees but if you are working in this line of work, selective listening isn't going to help you.
4	Please stop over cooking the biscuits! The other day they were perfect, fluffy and golden. Today they were over cooked again. Hard & dark brown which makes them a little chewy.
1	I would give negative stars if possible.  First off its far from fast the restaurant was pretty empty and it still took nearly 15 minutes.  First they ran out of coffee.  Its Sunday morning. Then we ordered a sandwich just egg and cheese.  The a breakfast burrito just egg, cheese, and potato.   NO MEAT.  However apparently no meat means full of Ham.  I tried calling but the phone would ring once and then beep and hang up.   This is not the first time this Carls has messed up my no meat order.  I think its time for a re-train at this location.
5	Recently went in to Carl's, got a $6 burger fries, shake. Excellent food, but what stood our was an employee , I think Mara, she was excellent at her job, made us feel welcome and cared about her job. If I ran a restraunt, I would recruit her and have her work for us.
