5	This place is so beautiful.  I found this particular park by happenstance as I was lost.  Talk about a secret.  Not only is the design of the park beautiful, but the view of the South Side, North Side, and Downtown is just spectacular.  I would have to say this is one of the best parks, if not the best, in Pittsburgh.
5	Gorgeous park.  AMAZING view.  I believe the view from this park is better than Mount Washington.  It's less crowded, plentiful parking and well.. the pictures speak for themselves!  MUST SEE.
5	One of my favorite views of Pittsburgh, and a great place to watch the fireworks on the 4th of July!
5	I learned about this place from DH while we started dating.   He had dared to show me something beautiful about Pittsburgh that I had never seen before on our second date.  I didn't think it was possible since he wasn't a Pittsburgh native.  Apparently most Pittsburgh natives don't know about this place - how sad!  I was blow away by the view.  In my opinion it's much better than Mount Washington, and it's now a place we regularly take our guests to see.
4	For the iconic view of the Golden Triangle, this is where you want to go. All three rivers, the fountain, and Point State Park are all visible.  Great spot for fireworks too
5	I truly believe this one is better than the Mt Washington. Although Mt Washington has a good view (not as good of course), it's more of a tourist location feel. At West End, it's more of a quiet park with a more breathtaking view of the perfect golden triangle. We stood there for 5 minutes speechless and then hung out for about 45 minutes-- in the cold. We loved it and can't wait to head there for summer time. I'll upload my amazing pictures after work ;)
4	It's not as famous as Mt. Washington, and you don't get to ride the Inclines up here. But the view of downtown is expansive, and the neighborhood is charming. We spent July 4 evening here mingling with the park's friendly, chatty, neighbors, their kids and dogs in tow. Also more than a few photographers with their tripods and giant DSLRs, who were also happy to trade tips on how to shoot fireworks. Fireworks tip: get here a couple hours early to stake out a good spot!
4	Great view of the Pittsburgh fireworks!  We got there about 8:30p and were able to find parking close by and stake out a place on the grass.  Others had arrived earlier and had "front row" view from the fence surrounding the park.  Pittsburgh Channel 11 was there to film the show also due to the fantastic view.  The anticipated crowds were not bad at all and traffic was reasonable on the way out.  I will be back!!
