3	I had the Egg Flower soup and house fried rice.  The soup had water chestnuts, which I don't really like, but it had a nice flavorful peppery broth.  The fried rice was good, it had a few large chunks of beef, but was a little skimpy on the chicken and shrimp.  The prices were reasonable, about the same as any other Chinese food place.  They also have a Korean bbq menu and a sushi menu.  The resturant is a little ratty looking, but clean.  The lady that took my order was very nice.  The menu also states that they are completely MSG-free.
4	I kind of like this place. Very clean, good service. I played it safe with some Teriyaki chicken and their chow mein special (shrimp, chicken, & beef), because my girlfriend and her kid think of Panda Express when they want Chinese food, but I got her to admit this food was better. Also, for those who care, they don't use MSG.
3	I work late somtimes and they are open rather late and do not mind if you show up 5 min before closing time. The food is better then the normal cheap chinese/asain type places. Ask for a suggestion and they will give it. Chicken fried rice is my usual.
2	I been to this place a few times over the past couple years. As a chef I go through cravings for some traditional Korean comfort food especially since I get sick of eating at my work and I cook all day for others I want someone to do the cooking for me. This place is usually open late so when i'm off work later it seems to be the only option. I always liked some of their dishes here before it changed.When they changed owners the food was good for a little bit then as expected changed and was horrible now. Some of the dishes were over powered in onions or some other ingredient. The cook in the back should taste the sauce before sending it out. I would go here again but i'm not in rush out the door for this place.
4	After going to several other smaller "chinese type" places, this place deserves better ratings. They really do make good food.
4	i was happy to stumble upon this place today. 2 entrees and soup for under $20 was reasonable, and the food was really quite good. the hot and sour was flavorful and full of all the stuff that makes hot and sour awesome. my husband's beef with broccoli was good. sauce would benefit from more flavor. veggies (carrots and broccoli) were bright, flavorful and not overcooked. my mongolian chicken was spicy, deep fried and tasty. i don't think they used all white meat chicken, but honestly it was too tasty for me to care. the entrees were served in generous portions. rice was well cooked and as a bonus each meal came with a crab puff and a fried wonton. snazzy! our take out bag was complete with plastic silverware,  a generous amount of soy sauce packets and fortune cookies. i'll be back.
4	Oriental Express is a good, yummy meal.  In my ongoing search for ul-mein, ccha-jiang mein, jjampong, and tangsu-yuk, Oriental Express has gook jjampong.  They confirm that they make ccha-jiang mein.  I'll be going back again.
3	I went to Oriental for lunch on a recent weekday with a family member who was in town.  I've been here 3-4 times previously, but it had been almost a year since my last visit.  There was a decent sized crowd when we ordered our takeout.  The wait based on the crowd size seemed a little bit long, but not horrible.I ordered a side of crab rangoon (4 pieces) and a bowl of chicken fried rice.  The rangoon were great.  Nice and crispy, with a very flavorful filling on the inside...I'd say there was almost too much cream cheese filling...but how can that be a bad thing???  The chicken fried rice was ok.  Pretty sure that I've ordered this on previous visits.  One thing that I didn't remember (or maybe it has changed) was that there were bean sprouts in the meal.  Bleh.  I'm not a fan.  Luckily, they weren't too prevalent, but still, I did not like that.  Will I go to Oriental Express again?  Oh probably.  At the very least, the rangoon are quite good, and I do remember having some good chicken teriyaki there.  If I get the fried rice again, I'll have to remember to order without sprouts.
3	I hit up OE for lunch the other day with a few coworkers. I had Kung Pao Chicken lunch special, it was mostly chesnuts and sauce with a little bit of chicken and peanuts. Served with white rice. I was disappointed with this one. The coworkers had fire chicken or something and it looked good but I bet it was too spicy for me. The prices were average and the service is good.
2	Meh, Oriental Express doesn't do it for me. Their vegetarian selection on the Chinese food menu is extremely limited and of that, they only have one dish with tofu.I gave it another go recently for lunch, ordering up the 2 time mushroom with fried tofu. The tofu isn't breaded or particularly interesting, just cooked and then slathered in some dark sauce with mushrooms and a few other veggies. It's an okay dish and will work in a pinch of you like mushrooms.The vegetable eggroll was just disappointing. Soggy exterior and not so great.I will probably go back, just to try out there veggie "sushi" rolls, but I'll be going elsewhere for regular ol chino-american food.
3	I was craving something last night and couldn't figure out what I wanted. I happened to stumble across this place and decided to give it a try. I ordered the house fried rice and some crab rangoon. Now the crab rangoon were pretty good and I was actually bummed that you only got four but it was only about $2.50 so I cannot complain too much. The fried rice was just ok. For it to be house friend rice, which comes with beef, chicken, pork and shrimp, I can understand not having alot of the shrimp but it didn't have much of anything. I mean it tasted ok, but I was hoping for a little bit more meat than there was. It was a quick meal considering I didn't really know what I wanted to eat anyway. I may give it another try and hope that it's a little better next time.
3	On Friday I came to Oriental Express to have lunch, thinking it was just another normal fast Chinese joint. I was surprised to find plastered on their windows:  (which reads Chung-Hwa Roo - Chinese Food) ... Korean people! So I thought that I might be able to find some good Korean fare. Which I did, in part.First, the restaurant itself was very clean, very organized. There were two very nice Korean ladies at the counter. One was apparently responsible for the sushi bar, and another was taking food orders. I was disappointed to find the amount of Korean fare very limited. The menu was chock full of the typical chinese dishes: rice plus meat plus sauce. On the specials board I did see the all important  (Bulkogi - Korean BBQ beef) - which I did order to go (due to the short lunch break at work). They did produce the dish very quickly (within 5 minutes or so) So, the quality of the Bulkogi was a C. It was good, bona fide Bulkogi. It tasted pretty good. But it was average, nothing special. The rice was done well. I did admire their packaging though. They made a little aluminum foil bowl for the bulkogi itself so it didn't bleed into the rice (a very Korean and Japanese thing to do).The overall grade is a C. Breakdown:Food -      C            (See above) Service -  B            Service was good and efficient. The ladies                                behind the counter were very nice. Demerits:  Average, typical "Chinese" menu, no real Korean food other than the Bulgogi.
4	Had the Korean Beef over white rice. What a great dish. Thin sliced beef in a garlic brown sauce with onions and great taste, served with a side of white rice. NOTHING over the top nothing trying to be something it is not. Just good food.
1	This was my my second and final time here. I really wanted to like this place. As I love any kind of Asian food. My life partner warned me the first time we went here that all was not well. I know how things are supposed to taste having made my own Bulgogi from scratch. The meat here has absolutely no flavor. I am not sure how you suck the flavor out of meat. The last time I went here I ordered the Mongolian beef and it was yellow. Where did they get this unnatural color and why in my Mongolian beef. I do not appreciate coloring in my food especially if it isn't supposed to be that color. My boyfriend hated his food so much that he didn't finish. We will never be back.
1	This is by far, hands down and without a doubt the worst food of any kind that I've ever seen at a restaurant.  I got the house chicken and it was bone dry.  It looked like they'd completely forgotten the sauce altogether.  I mentioned it to them when I was taking it back for a refund and she seemed to think that the sauce was now just under the chicken or had been absorbed by the rice.  I'd looked under the chicken and there was not one milimeter of sauce there.  I'd tried the small amount of rice that was browned by some substance and I could barely stomach it.I have never in my life returned oriental food to the store before today.Aside from the terrible food, the restaurant itself is a dive.  I will never consider eating here again.
2	this is across the street from me.. UMMM it just looked scary and it looked like the food was out there forever and i was Not about to eat any of it. i walked in.. and walked out.. im a little bias though. ive lived in Korea and lived in Japan.. i know good "Oriental" food when i see it and ... this wasnt.
1	Express indeed! - Express out of here.....Not to say it was fast, but the food had a salty taste.  I like to keep it to a pinch, but I think they used the whole bag here.  I had some hot and sour soup and boy it was sour alright!  I also ordered the House Special CK - and that's when the saltiness hit me like a ton of bricks.  Wowza! The place overall was not appealing to the eye.  I wasn't sure if I'd get sick after eating here, but luckily my immune system is strong enough not to get salt poisoning haha! - Good Luck and Enjoy!
2	Monday Memorial Day) we called Oriental Express for take out. I ordered the Moo shu pork. It was very (hot) spicy. I couldn't eat it. I also ordered the Wonton soup. My wife ordered the Beef Broccoli and there was hardly any beef in the Beef & Broccoli. She said the egg roll that came with the dinner tasted nasty so she did not eat it. This place serves just plain below average - average Chinese Food. As for quality,  sometimes well, you don't get what you pay for. Yet I was torn between giving it "meh" or "A-OK".  That's because their wonton soup is excellent.  So I rated the place 2 stars.
5	The portions are huge, the sushi roll I got was delicious and had people in the restaurant talking, the lady in the front was awesome, I'd return in a heartbeat, located behind the shell on the corner of  union hills and 19th ave
1	Ga-ross!! I can't believe I just spent $30 here! Undercooked egg rolls, pathetic chicken lo mein and just shitty tasting food all around. I don't live anywhere near this place and I will never return.
3	The first time I tried this place I ordered the shrimp and broccoli plate with lo mein. The shirmp had no flavor and was submerged in what looked to be oily water . I decided to give this place another try and had their chicken teriyaki which is amazing. Their crab ragoons are phenomenal, and the lady their is so sweet. She is always complementing me :) My boyfriend is actually on his way to pick up our order :)
3	The key word about Oriental Express is "express". You'll get your food quickly, and in styrofoam, bc they don't really care if you stay or not. I only go for their jajangmyun, which is actually decent. It's better than Cafe Ga Hyang's jajangmyun by far. You can tell the noodles are fresh. The sauce could use a lil more meat, but it's not watered down. There is an unpleasant sour smell when you walk in. I couldn't pinpoint it, but it certainly didn't make me want to stay any longer than necessary. It didn't used to smell like that, but it appears the restaurant is under new ownership, and they've let some things fall through the cracks.I'd still come back but only for take out orders. They have a secret Korean menu that you should ask them about.
