3	I went to Punta Cana at 8:30 or so on a weekday evening and had a really nice dinner.  The place was pretty empty given the lateness of the hour, but service was fast and pleasant.  Even though it's located in a seedy stretch of South Blvd, the inside of the restaurant has a nice atmosphere for a sit down dinner.  The food was definitely interesting, maybe a touch on the bland side, though -- but I'm not sure if that wasn't just a result of what I ordered.  The mofongo (plantain hash) was something I'd never tried before, and with it I had a crab creole dish that was very tasty.  Dessert was flan which was, well -- flan.  Hard to screw up.  I would definitely go back and try some of the other specialty dishes.
3	I frequent Punta Cana quite often for lunch. Service is okay, depending on who you get. I don't recall names, but when I eat here I usually pick up several orders and pay separately. This becomes annoying and stressful for the server especially with some language barriers, but she does her best and I appreciate it. The older gal here is very sweet. As far as food quality; I don't have too much experience with Dominican food, but some of their dishes are quite tasty. Other times though, it seems it's a hit and miss. They do lack consistency. What I recommend is the pernil (Roasted Pork). I am not much of a pork fan, but the pernil is great when its seasoned properly. I haven't explored the menu in depth, as I usually stick with my go tos; roasted pork, beef stew, chicken stew, or roasted Chicken. They offer about 12 different lunch options at $5.95. Another great option is their "Meal of the day." It is usually a pork stew with yellow rice, but for $3.99 (disclaimer: haven't had it in a while so price might be different now) it is a steal! Update - meal of the day is no longer offered
4	Roasted pork is good today! The yellow rice though is slightly crunchy and undercooked. And we all know, that can ruin the whole shebang.I knew I should have went with my usual and got the combination rice and beans. They did give me extra plantains though woohoo!That experience in the above paragraph pretty much sums it up. Sometimes this place is a great latin treat, other times it's a waste of $6. But hell, for all that food you get for $6, I'm not one to complain.If you opt for the roasted chicken, you practically get a half chicken. A large breast and wing. Okay, okay it isn't quite a half, technically  a 1/4. But I swear, this bird must have been the size of a baby turkey or something!
3	Great place on South Blvd.  Lunch special is $5.95!  The juice is great, I had passion fruit.  I got a pork dish, yellow rice, and yellow plantains and it was a great combination.  Other items I enjoyed were the steamed bread appetizers, chicken empanadas, and the green plantains dipped in some kind of vinegary garlic concoction.  Can't beat the value!
4	I work with some people who are of Dominican Heritage.  One of my co-workers is from Haiti and she says the foods are very similar.  We go every so often for lunch, and what you get for $5.95 is a pretty good deal.  The food may not be anything extraordinary but it is definitely good for the price.  Basically you get a choice of a meat and two sides such as rice and a couple of different kinds of plantains (which I love).  It's a nice change of pace if you tend to order Chinese food.  They also do a lot of to go business.The service is usually pretty good and efficient when we go.  Even when I go with just another one of my plain old white American co-workers just like myself, we are treated well.  The building used to be a Wendy's which moved further down South Blvd since there was already a Wendy's within a mile or so of this one.  It can be a little tricky getting in and out of, but it it's not too bad.
4	Ohh I think I frequent Punta Cana enough to be considered a regular. While the food might not be the best tasting latin I've had, it sure is hearty. With a variety of different lunch time meals at $7 you get your dollars worth and it sure beats a large #2 at Mickey Ds!
4	This place is great. Best mofungo ever --- the mound was textured with crispy, fried pieces of plantain integrated within the traditional mashed up plantain chunks. I could eat that all on its own. I ordered it with the fried pork chop, which came with the traditional gravy --- delicious. The maduros and boiled yucca were prepared just the way I like it. The garlic sauce for the yucca was potent . . . but again, that's just the way I like it.
5	This place is amazing for the money. I eat here frequently, and frequently take newcomers with me who love it as well. The atmosphere is just okay, and the service is decent, but I wouldn't say exceptional. But the overall value is just amazing. The lunch special is $6 and you can choose from fall off the bone chicken, amazing pork, or other selections. You also get two sides which means a TON of absolutely DELICIOUS FOOD for $6!Do yourself a favor, particularly if you are new to this type of food - or even if you aren't - get the tostones. They are the fried plaintain, and with the mojo sauce they have, it's so amazingly good.I've been here for dinner once, and I think based on the service and atmosphere it is probably a little overpriced for my taste, but this is my absolute favorite place to have lunch!
4	I finally found what for *ME* is the best fried chicken in town: "Chicharrones de pollo"   -like the ones I used to get in Miami only better!Small bone in chunks, fried without batter, garlicky, juicy but not greasy. It's not one of the lunch specials and I'm pretty sure mine was fried to order. You can keep your Southern chicken, milk, batter meh.The fried pork chunks with rind on the other hand were very good but a bit overcooked. The Moro (rice and beans)  was ok, nothing special but the maduro (sweet plantains) were delicious, perfectly caramelized - I have those last of course.The mofongo (mashed plantain w/meat) was pretty tasty but I can't rate it since it's not a dish that I order usually. The place is a gritty dive on South, but you probably knew that. It's nowhere near as nice restaurant as A Piece of Havana (where btw the Moro is excellent) but it's not as Americanized either. This place caters to Latins and serves only traditional Caribbean dishes including oxtail and goat.Now I'll let Dominicans, Puerto Rican and Cuban Yelpers argue with each other about which cuisine is best - I personally can't differentiate them.
3	If this review was only about the food I would have given this place all 5 stars!!!!!! I use to come to here all the  time a few years ago. Then it closed down for what seemed like a year. I was so excited when they opened back up. This is the best place for Dominican food! Everything is full of flavor and just done the right way!When I arrived for my most recent visit I was excepting the same great experience I always have when I come to Punta Cana. After we were seated the waitress disappeared for close to 15 minutes. The whole wait staff was completely inattentive. They all were huddled in a group talking, texting, and watching the tv at the bar area. It was very frustrating. We decided to stay because the Mofungo is some of the best that you can find in town. During dinner the waitress never came back to check on the table or to refill drinks. She just appeared with the check. So disappointing when it came to the service. Like I said in the beginning I love the food here. So I will give it another go but if the service continue to lack I will just have to order take out.
5	Everything was authentic, 100% Dominican. Being Dominican I felt right at home.
4	I was soooo excited they opened back up a few months ago, my lunch routine surely missed my Dominican fixin... I grew up with this style of food being made day in and day out since the day I started eating solids (not as recent as you may think! Lol). And I can say withal the confidence in the world that these guys are AUTHENTIC!!! I feel like I'm back in Dominican Republic waiting on my grandma's cooking...Solid place for lunch/dinner/anything... I love me some Mofongo, but like I said its all good...Now if I can stop in and NOT forget to check in.... Enjoy.
3	Several tries later I have to take one star back.First off for the chicharrones to be really good they have to be fresh as in cooked to order. Turns out this only happens at lunch time because it's not one of the lunch special and you're ordering from the dinner menu.Then if you go for a late lunch as I have the moro (black beans and rice) and the maduro (fried sweet bananas) were dry. IOW they cook everything early and the later you go the worse off you are.
5	THIS PLACE IS GREAT.  2 huge plates of food, 4 beers, 2 people 30 bucks.  The service is great and the place is spotless.
4	This is a Dominican spot but serves Caribbean plates from Puerto Rico, Cuba etc...  Having been born and raised in Puerto Rico, my wife and I always search for caribbean places like this when we move to a new city.  Having just moved to Charlotte 2 years ago from Chicago, this was the first place we ate at.  Big fans.  Food is very authentic and reminds us of home.  Decent prices and they serve way more than enough.  I recommend the white rice and red beans with fried pork chops and tostones (fried plantains) as a side.
4	Ok so I'm half Dominican and don't get to eat Dominican food a lot so I was so happy when a friend told me about this place the prices are moderate it's not fancy by any means very casual but the food is excellent and pretty authentic the stewed chicken was hearty and the tostones and yuca were super yummy if you like dominican food I recommend this place ..and for those who like it they have Goya Malta there (super gross) but most Hispanic and Caribbean ppl love it and it's hard to come by in restaurants check it out
2	I was so excited when I heard about this place I couldn't wait to try the pernil and platanos. I was so disappointed after my visit ! The service was terrible! I don't think I saw one employee that looked remotely happy to help with anything. I probably asked for bread 5 times. When I finally received my food everything was cold and my rice was hard. My husband ordered the shrimp mofongo and he seemed to enjoy it. I doubt I will be back!
3	Punta Cana had been a favored locale since it first opened, as the Mr. has a crazy yen for Dominican food.  The Mr. likes the chicharron (de cerdo), the chivo guisado, and the chicharron de pollo (con hueso).  He likes the pernil, though he says that sometimes it is a little dry and not as tasty as it used to be.The Mrs. agrees that the chicharron de pollo (con hueso) is tasty, though not as much as it used to be, and she likes the mofongo.  The sancocho, which is available only on Sundays, is good and as close to authentic as you will find in the area.  But she had a bad experience with rancid bistec encebollado, which tasted as if it had spent too much time without refrigeration before cooking.  On a few occasions, the platanos maduros have been overcooked and burnt.  Sometimes the chicharron (de cerdo) in the mofongo was undercooked.  Fatty pork is very unpleasant when it is undercooked.Punta Cana went through a fire some time back and has not fully recovered from that disaster.  The service is not the same excellent service it once was.  The food is now in much smaller portions, and the quality is not what it used to be.  We used to be regulars, but now . . . not so much.The Mr. and Mrs. would like to see Punta Cana go back to the wonderful service it used to have.  The Mrs. would like to have Punta Cana be more careful of food preparation and hygiene.  (The Mrs. is sensitive to ill-prepared food.)The Mr. and Mrs. recommend Punta Cana, with caveats..
5	I absolutely love this place!!!  My co-workers introduced me to this place for lunch, and I am hooked!  The pork, the plantains, the sangria are all fantastic!!  Very affordable and fresh, amazing food!  I want to come back for karaoke on a Saturday night sometime soon!!  You must eat here!!
4	I've been wanting to go to Punta Cana for a while now, but I hate driving on South Boulevard. It stands from its surroundings (despite being in what looks like an old Wendy's) because of its bright colors and the palm trees out front. It was mostly empty on the inside and we were seated promptly. My wife and I both ordered mofongo (something I fell in love with during a trip to Puerto Rico last summer) - hers with fried pork and mine with fried pork belly. I liked the mofongo, but the pork belly was slightly overcooked and dry - almost as if it was cooked earlier and reheated for me. The portion was bigger than we expected. I finished mine barely, my wife got her leftovers to go. This is the only place I know of in Charlotte to find mofongo and it was pretty good, so we'll be back (but next time I'll get the fried pork or steak).
5	Great food! Friendly owner! I'm Dominican and it's the most authentic Dominican food in the Southeast U.S. If you go during lunchtime, you can talk to Carmen, who's the co-owner and actually cooks a lot of the food. Her husband Cris is the other owner and is always walking around ensuring that everything is up to standards.I start every visit with a quipe and a pastelito. If I'm there on a Saturday, I'll have the mondongo (tripe soup). You can't go wrong with the mofongos, churrascos, and my other favorite dish, the Canoa de Mariscos. The presentation of that dish alone is worth it.Punta Cana is definitely one of the hidden gems of Charlotte!
4	I am on a job assignment just southwest if Charlotte always lookin for some good healthy eats since I'm a foodie and decided to cheat a little and discovered a restaurant from one of my native roots Dominican Republic. Punta Cana Restaurant and Grill. I chose to eat the mofongo with shrimp and loved the presentation. It was also very flavorful and comforting with the sauce. The food definitely didn't disappoint. Service though was a little sluggish but overall I left there satisfied.
1	took my wife to get some oxtail and I got the goat which my wise is dominican and am half Dominican and puerto rican needless to say whe know what authentic is living in the country and also eating out allot and from up north when they finally bring the food out it was horrible no taste the oxtail was burnt my wife returned it and got the chicken same story the waitress agreed that it was burnt and without us saying said that the manager was not there to take it off the bill like we ask for that the waitress had a hang over from the previous night and not paying attention to anything bad service bad food and the price are just ridiculous will never go back to this place
4	EXCELLENT lunch spot! Lunch special is on average $7 and comes with 2 sides. My go-to is pernil (roast pork). Their combination rice is good as well as fried yuca and plantanos maduros. Ask for chimichurri sauce, which is thick and garlic-y. The sauce they bring with the fried yuca is very vinegar-y, considered yourself warned.Service is ok in general, sometimes the ladies get too busy talking amongst themselves (which I HATE) but just ask for your check and box and whatever else you need all at once. Definitely in and out within an hour.
2	i ordered the chicharron del pollo it was awful. I think the chicken was soaked in the dead sea it was so salty. The peas and rice was better but not fantastic. This was very disappointing.
2	Stay away from this dump! I'm Dominican and the food here is far from authentic. The service is horrible. The issue there are the waitresses and most if the food is bland! You can go for appetizers like pastelitos and kipe. Also the morirsonando is good here. They do not sell here Dominican spaghetti.
3	Went here a few weeks ago. Definitely a family oriented atmosphere. We came on a Saturday night in which they also have Salsa music and dancing towards the end of the night which was good. The food was good and ....plenty lol. The only downside was the long wait for the rest our food, but all in all, a good place to eat Caribbean food.
4	Visited this place a couple days ago for dinner.  We are new in the area so we we're happy to have a Dominican restaurant near our new place in Charlotte, NC.  We arrived and there was plenty of parking which was good.  Once inside the place, we were greeted right away by one of the young ladies and she showed us to our table.  She was very friendly and got us 2 high chairs without us having to ask.  They had a Perico Ripio playing on a loop....  Same song over and over.  That was weird and annoying.  Guys were playing Dominoes in a slightly separate area of the restaurant.  I didnt mind, its what we Dominicans do!!We ordered 2 ginger alea as our drinks and a lemonade for my daughter.  When our drinks arrived, the ginger ale had a slight after taste that we couldnt figure out.....  The lemonade however was absolutely great!!  So we ordered 2 more lemonades for ourselves.For dinner I had the "Bistec Encebollado" (Beef smothered in sauteed onions) with white rice and red beans and a side of Tostones (fried green plantains).  My wife ordered 1/2 rotisserie chicken with white rice and red beans and a side salad.  I thought the food was very good!!  I judge Dominican restaurants by how good their beans are, and their beans were pretty good.Our bill was about $41.00.  Probably slightly more than what we'd pay in NY (The Heights), but not terribly over-priced.We'll be back........
