3	I won tickets to this event and so of course it was all the more enjoyable since my hubby and I got in for free.  But really, it was a lot of fun.  At Steele Indian School Park on a sunny spring day, when we arrived we were told at the gate that the event was sold out.  Since we had our tickets already we still got in (and fortunately found a great parking spot).  I was really happy that they had capped the number of people and started turning folks away instead of just trying to sell more tickets since sometimes events of this type get way too crowded and so they are just not fun.The food choices were not that great and as others have mentioned the lines were long.  Waiting in line for 30+ minutes for a plain cold hot dog was not fun.  They did have free water but not much and it was warm.  Shade and seating were severely lacking as well.But the beer, oh, the beer!  I wish that all the breweries had cards or something with their name on it to hand out because there were a lot of great craft brews that I had never even heard of and now I totally don't remember their names.  Fan favorites were Left Hand Brewing Co. and New Belgium but since this was STRONG beer festival, they brought along some of their lesser known options that had 6% alcohol content or more.  Local favorites Four Peaks, Barrio, Sleepy Dog, and of course San Tan (winter warmer rocks!) were all there so that was fun.  Throughout the afternoon I tried some beers I liked and some I didn't but it was fun chatting with the brewers and also other festival goers and getting recommendations to suit my preference.  This place was heavy on the IPA offerings but I found a few new stouts and porters that I really liked.Really friendly, casual, laid back event with great people and great beer.  Even though some of the logistics could have been executed better, I had a lot of fun at this event.
4	The Strong Beer festival (2/16/13) was even more fun this year! Even though there seemed to be more people, it still was not too crowded. They take over a large area of the Steele Indian School Park and so there is plenty of space for the brewers' tents to spread out. Some of the more popular breweries had long lines but the best strategy is just to get a sample and then immediately get in line for the next place you want to try and by the time you get to the front of the line you will be done drinking your sample from the previous place. I loved the fact that most of the brewers had water available for you to rinse out your cup. They seemed to be keeping closer track of the tickets this year but really since you get 16 two oz samples and most of the beers are really strong, there is no need to cheat and try to get more.There was a fantastic representation of the AZ breweries from Tucson, Phoenix, Flagstaff, and Pine (yay THAT Brewery!) and they were handing out a pamphlet with a map of all the breweries in the state on it. That was pretty cool. I also made a new discovery: Odell Brewing Company from Fort Collins, CO. I am not sure how it is possible that I have never heard of them before since they seemed to be a favorite there at the festival. Even though most of what they had brought to sample was too hoppy for me, I tried a black IPA that was very smooth and enjoyable. I had a cool conversation with one of the dudes in the tent and he recommended their chocolate milk stout (doesn't that just sound AMAZING??) so I will definitely be looking for that on my next trip to the liquor store.It was a bright and sunny day but this year they seemed to have a larger shaded area and plenty of chilled water. They also stepped up their food options. Nothing gourmet or anything but at least it was decent food. The BBQ was actually really good. I also really enjoyed the bands there, though I didn't catch any of their names. I absolutely did not enjoy the karaoke singers, however. ;0) I guess the people with the mic had fun with it but none of them should try out for American Idol any time soon. The only room for improvement I can suggest to the festival organizers is to offer some discounts for cab companies. I know they were encouraging people to take the light rail since it stops right next to the entrance to the park on Central and Indian School but that is not practical for those of us who live out in the suburbs. According to Valley Metro's website it would have taken us 1hr 45 min to get there on public transportation. And the quote I got from discount cab was $50 each way.
5	The friendliest beer festival ever! I attended this fabulous event for the second year in a row, and was not disappointed at all. If anything, the festival has grown and if 75 different brewery vendors is not enough to wet your whistle, than you need to move on, my friend. I was encouraged to buy my ticket for the 2013 SBF well in advance, because all of the hopheads I know were certain the thing would sell out. I took my buddy Nate H.'s advice and got myself a VIP ticket which was only $10 more than the general admission ticket. VIP status also gets you in the gate an hour earlier than the main herd, which allows you to scope out the venue and pick and choose your battles wisely.The weather couldn't have been more perfect. It was actually around 80F in the sun during the peak temperature (not terribly unheard of for Phoenix during February, but still a bit warmer than the average)! Fortunately, I bummed some sunblock off of some fellow light-rail passengers on the way to Steele Indian School Park, who were obviously planning on attending this event. These type of festivals lend themselves to some silliness, so I (and others) seem to make a great attempt to wear something unusual, if not something completely outlandish. This makes for a great icebreaker with fellow beer-drinkers who have caught their buzz earlier than anticipated (it is a STRONG beer festival... which lives up to its name) and feel the compulsion to comment on your odd wardrobe choice. Last year, I wore a Wienerschnitzel bowling shirt proudly declaring "America's favorite wiener!" and it was a hit. This year I settled on a fez embroidered with a biohazard symbol. I was happy to see that I did not spot one other person with a fez the whole day, so apparently I was an original.Glad to see that Arizona's craft beer scene is growing, as evidenced by the local vendors represented. I spotted a presence by SanTan, Papago, and Four Peaks, as well as relative newcomers Fate, THAT Brewery, and Desert Eagle. I also got to follow up with one of my old loves, Rubicon Brewing in Sacramento, which I sampled from the Pitcher of Nectar (distributors) tent. Rubicon's Black Capricorn Ale was a real treat, and I am so happy to see their distribution growing in AZ! I was also blown away by Bell's Brewing's (Michigan) Bourbon-barrel aged Batch 9000. At 14.8% abv, this propelled me to my peak happiness of the day.Cheers to Old World for sponsoring the Beeraoke Tent and the ska band 2Tone Lizards who rocked the house. It was an all-around good time.I love this beerfest!
2	I would not go again. Parking was an absolute nightmare. The value for money was just not there, and they had no where to sit or be shaded.
5	Best Fest in the West!
5	I was lucky enough to win tickets to the Strong Beer Festival and I was pretty stoked to check out it!Parking was pretty easy; it was free parking at a garage just up the street.Walked into the park, gave up our entrance ticket and got a green band place on the arm, and was directed to the other booth across the way to pick up our 2oz cup & 16 tickets to try out some amazing beers!There where breweries from all over Arizona and Colorado, and even though there was a lot of people, there really wasn't a long wait in line to try a beer.  I 1st headed on over to Santan Brewery, tried out the Sex Panther (didn't really need to try it, I knew I already liked it) Chip from Santan let me know my fav SunSpot wasn't on hand, but that was alright with me cuz I love me some Sex Panther too. Also ran into some friends by the Santan booth as well, fun to be had! It was great trying out the many crafted beers. Some of them I tried just by liking the name of the Brewery, like Wanderlust, I'm a suffer of wanderlust, so it made sense to check them out, now I'm thinking I should do a road trip to Flagstaff and really check them out. I also stopped by one booth, it was one of the Tucson Breweries, I wish I remembered the name of it, but they were handing out tastings of their Coffee Beer, OMG that stuff was amazing!! I have to find out who they are!  Also check out Oskar Blues (in fact the pic I took of my cup has Dale's Pale Ale) Now who would have known that Feb 15th that it would be 90 degrees outside but it was, for this fact I did not stay as long as everyone, their wasn't that much shade, other than the tables & vip lounge area, and outside of the  hurricane fans, not much of a breeze was going on. So I didn't stay as long as I would have liked to. I still had some tickets when I left so I handed them off to a lucky couple for them to enjoy!  Other than the heat, I had a great time; I will come back next year!
5	I was going to write a review but I don't remember what happened. All I know is it was awesome and there were a ton of great craft brews.
5	My daughter won tickets to this event and I was not that excited about it but was up for trying anything. I really enjoyed it! The weather was perfect, there was something for everyone, and I actually learned a lot about beer! Some of my favorites were Four Peaks and San Tan. While I couldn't possibly use all the tickets and still walk straight, I was glad that they had wash stations so the ones I didn't like to much I could wash on out and try another. This was a fun event, learned a lot, and actually found beers that I would enjoy in the future. Well laid out and the lines were not to long which means they didn't oversell the event which I hate when they do! Did I mention how beautiful it was to be outside that day!
5	This year was my first time going and had an excellent time! I loved how many breweries there were represented from across Arizona and other states. I don't remember every beer I tried but I do remember leaving quite "happy".  Props to the event planners for thinking of everything, including the cooler fans that felt amazing on a warm day! I will definitely come back next year!
5	This was a fun afternoon! I hate when festivals are really overcrowded but this wasn't. They sold an appropriate number of tickets. There were so many choices and all my new favorites were there. The people at all the booths were fast and friendly. The grounds were perfect for it but the parking was really far away but that is expected downtown. It was well marked and there were attendants to give directions and information. Learned about a ton of breweries I didn't even know existed right here in Arizona! Always like to support local and this festival really did. Great day and fun for anyone who likes craft beers!
4	Other than the usual Arizona heat, this outdoor beer festival is one of the best I've been to in the Phoenix area.  Great local representation, as well as awesome craft beer from across the country and around the world.If you are a beer-fest fan or a craft beer fan living near Phoenix, this is one of the events you want to plan to attend.But it's hot!!!  Pack water....I utilize a Camelback Mule Pack to bring enough water to keep me well hydrated on such excursions.
5	I just happened to be in AZ when this was goinHad a great time. Lot's of great beer, especially the Firestone Walker.
