3	*update* The store name is called Carried Away but looks like Yelp overrode me and listed the original name "New High End".  An outlet just for handbags and purses?  They just moved from Tempe and got the intro from the sales lady.  Mostly overstock or returns from dept stores, ie. name dropping Neimen Marcus.  I mostly saw Coach, but she expects some Gucci to come in (but not LV or Chanel).  There is also a consignment area in the back as well.They supposedly dry clean and repair any "damaged" returns before putting up for sale for 40% off the retail price.  The selection all looked top notch quality to me, will be dropping in to check out from time to time.
2	I was so excited to check this place out, but I was truly disappointed!  The merchandise was just ok.  I did find a Coach purse I wanted to purchase, but the staff acted like used car salesman...such a turnoff.  The bag was marked at $500 and she whispered that she would offer it to me at $200 - deal!  But, here is the catch...the shoulder strap was mysteriously missing.  I will never go back...not my kind of place!
4	I have a lot of purses.  A LOT.  Some of them were gifts from people that don't really know my style, and others were purses that had fallen out of favor, so I went over to Carried Away to consign them.  The sales associate was very nice and friendly, and was very honest about me trying to sell the purses here vs. making more money selling them to a friend or online.  I appreciate her honesty, and ended up consigning two of them, mainly because I didn't want the hassle of trying to sell them on my own.  When they do sell, they will either give you a check for 50% of the total amount sold, or 70% store credit, which is a great deal if you're in the market for another purse.I had two brand new purses to sell, still in the original plastic packaging: a Dooney and Burke, and a Coach, and it took about 2 months for them to sell.  I wasn't sure whether to get the store credit or the check, so I browsed around a bit.  A good majority of the purses here are Coach, but they did have some brands such as Furla, Michael Kors, and a greater number of fancier purses in the consignment area, such as Fendi, Escada, and a small, very worn Prada purse.  The associates were friendly, but I think they've been instructed to encourage the customer to use the store credit, since one of them was nice, but a bit pushy with trying to get me to use my store credit to get a Coach purse.  Also, the store credit percentage used to be 60%, but they've pushed it to 70% to entice consignees into getting a purse from the store rather than a check.  In general though, you can get some pretty good deals, especially in the consignment section, and consigning purses to the store is an easy and painless process.
4	I'm a great believer and loyal customer of Carried Away.They do carry LV, although they fly off the shelves fast! I've brought in 2 and both were gone by days end! If you'd like to be put on a "call list" when they come in, they'll do that for you! Although there are several others that are on it too.I'm going in today to drop off two more in fact!Happy holiday!
4	I've been twice and bought a great bag today! I got a Michael Kors satchel for under $100, including tax. The saleswoman was nice without being pushy. For those who haven't been, the bags they sell are either returns or display models from large chain department stores (Bloomingdales, Macy's, Lord and Taylor). Some have slight tears or blemishes but the bag I bought today has nothing wrong with it! Selection is really nice and I am really happy with my purchase. The ONLY thing I didn't respond well to was the fact that they have a computer and a reciept printer in store but my transaction was all done on a cell phone. I was also told my reciept would be texted to me and it never was. Other than that, I would totally recommend! Store is also located in a great shopping complex so go check it out if you haven't already!
