1	I picked this particular OG because it is the closest offender, geographically, to my compound.As succinctly as possible: you suck the life out of Italian Food, you bastards. You are the epitome of all that is wrong with corporate food service. The only way that you could add more salt and remove more life from your food is if you were called "The Red Olive Lobster Garden".You suck. You know you suck. And you are killing people with your crappy food. Die.(apparently, I have to give you 1 star. suck it.)
2	I didn't have any choice since it was my sister's birthday.. I would have rather have cooked at home than to have experienced the "OG". However it wasn't as bad as I remember.. though the pasta was over cooked and the sauces lack depth overall the experience wasn't that dreadful. However I was also so happy to see my 2 nephews getting so big and enjoying themselves gorging on hot greasy bread sticks.. it was a family affair.
1	We got a gift card for Olive Garden and decided to give it a try after YEARS of NOT.  We actually waited for almost 20 minutes to be seated.  Our service was okay.  Greeted by the server offering us a taste of chardonnay that we passed on.  We ordered stuffed mushrooms.  I think they were alright.  They came out hot and although they were salty and nothing special, they were not bad.  All you can eat salad came with mine and the bread sticks of course.  Salad was hideous and full of vinegar.  Just a bunch of light green lettuce with just alright stuff thrown in.  Bread sticks were warm and alright.  Jerome ordered a Caesar salad and the guy said it'd be "like a dollar more" for substitution.  It was the same as the all you can eat salad but with mayo instead of the vinegar.  YUCK again.  Boxed croutons and fake cheese.  I ordered shrimp Caresse.  Jerome ordered braised ribs.  ILK!  Both of them were so yuck.  The ribs were fatty and not flavorful.  They were tasteless and awful.  The sauce was not reduced and it tasted like beef bouillon and cheap red wine.  The rice was alright but again, that beef bouillon salty flavor.  There were some green beans on top that I ate.  They were fine.The shrimp on my plate were undercooked.  The angel hair pasta was fine.  But as I ate, I was reminded of Ra men Noodles.  Instead of beef bouillon they gave me chicken.  The tomatoes in mine were fine.We got our check and it was $49.something!  I can't believe it!  We eat out a lot and usually, it comes to 50 or 60 bucks at places like that.  What a rip.  I kept thinking that it was alright that the food sucked because it is cheap.  It wasn't even cheap.  For Italian food that tastes good for about the same price, Oregano's is wonderful!We will NEVER go there again.  Don't know why people ever go there.
3	I drive by this Olive Garden countless times a day and I always think to myself "one of these days I am going to try it." After all, I always hear about the bottomless salad and breadsticks.  So, yesterday, along with the lovely Farrah A, I decided to do just that... we went to a late lunch at Olive Garden and guess what?  I'm here to tell you about it!Yes, it is a chain, and yes - I had low expectations... but I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised.  The service was fabulous thanks to the hostess that opened the door for us when we entered and exited, and of course thanks to Tony, our waiter.  The bathrooms were clean and although the atmosphere is a bit on the sterile side, I'd rather have that than a dirty restaurant!I went with the soup and salad - minestrone soup, and Farrah went with soup and salad - a creamy chicken and gnocci soup.  We also shared a mussels appetizer... I didn't love the breadsticks, and the mussels were a tad on the buttery side, but the soup and salad were both fresh and flavorful!  I had just one bowl of soup but several helpings of salad... and Tony didn't even flinch.  Farrah informed me that the Olive Garden chefs go to Italy for training and upon checking out their website, I see she is correct!  Here's what it says on their site: "Olive Garden's Culinary Institute of Tuscany is located in the 11th century village of Riserva di Fizzano. Every year Olive Garden chefs travel to our Culinary Institute to learn authentic cooking secrets from Italian Chef Romana Neri and Chef Paolo Lafata."Impressive, huh?I still prefer to support local, but I have to say... I would have no qualms about returning to Olive Garden again!
4	Yes, folks, during my short stay in Phoenix, I somehow convinced Gabi K to come to Olive Garden for "endless soup, salad and breadsticks."  It's been a while since I've been, and they seem to have added a few soups to their menu, one, the chicken gnocchi. Very rich and probably fattening, but still recommended. So it was two soup, salad and breadstick combos ($6.95 each) and steaming hot mussels di Napoli ($9.25). Totaling out to $24.99 for lunch for two. And this location has a great staff, particularly our server Tony. Right on top of the water and salad refills. Gratzi, Anotonio!
1	Avoid this Olive Garden at all costs.  The host discriminates against minorities.  This is the second time this man insisted on showing us to the worst table in the house and when we asked for a different table continued to stear us where we would not "offend" the other patrons, dressed in shorts, flipflops and t-shirts.  Tables he selected for us included, a very large table for 8 for our party of 3  way in the back of the restaurant, next to the kitchen; a table right next to a dirty serving station, and a table in an alcove where our party was not visible to others.  Although we asked for a more desirable table, it was refused.  Favored guests had one thing in common--they were all white, while all minority patrons were seated in undesirable spots.
3	If you go to the Olive Garden expecting to get an awesome Italian meal, you're gonna be VERY disappointed. If you go with low expectations (as weird as that might sound) it's really not that bad. Even though my parents can eat wherever they want, they willingly choose to eat at places like this, Red Lobster, Applebee's, etc., on a regular basis so when I was in town for Christmas we decided to come here for lunch the day I was leaving to go back to SF. When I lived in Scottsdale, however, I did come to this location on a few occasions with the parental units. I actually think there soups (there's about four to choose from), salad (nothing that will blow your mind, but does tastes fresh), and bread sticks (hot and fresh) are really good. I think they run some sort of special during the week where you can do all-you-can eat of these things for like 5 or 6 bucks. I would definitely take advantage of this if I lived close by, and these items and special alone is worthy of four stars. The appetizers and entrees here are all pretty meh, however. There's nothing on the menu that's all that inspiring, but the food isn't all THAT bad. When I came here this last time I had portobello ravioli in some sort of cream sauce. The ravioli were overcooked IMO and the sauce was bland (my mom had manicotti, which had the same cream sauce). My dad decided just to get an appetizer sampler, and I tried a stuffed mushroom, and I will admit, Olive Garden or not that was a pretty good stuffed mushroom. Our server, Cara, was very attentive, but the place wasn't very crowded when we there. Still though, an uncrowded restaurant hasn't stopped some servers I've had over the years from providing crappy service. I probably wouldn't choose to come here, especially for dinner. However, the soup and salad is good enough where I wouldn't mind coming in for lunch every now and then. Plus, Kendra Wilkinson of "The Girls Next Door" fame freakin' loves this place so it can't be that bad, right?
3	I frequent this location a lot because it is the closest Olive Garden to where I live. The service is hit or miss. When we went yesterday, we had a lovely (insert sarcastic sigh here) girl help us. She was extremely rude and seemed to be totally annoyed by our questions. When my friend asked if they had pesto sauce she rudely said, "Does it say it anywhere on there?" Oh and we didn't get any Andes mints at the end, which happens to be one of my favorite parts of eating there in the first place.The only reason I gave them three stars is for the endless pasta bowl, which they have now for a limited time. Its like $9 and it comes with salad and breadsticks and all that jazz. If they didn't have that special going on I probably wouldn't eat here at all.Oh and props to the cute host who took us to our table and made conversation with us. Maybe he should serve instead.
4	I dined at the Olive Garden yesterday with my roommate and his gf.  For a Sunday night, the Olive Garden was quite packed around 6:45 with about a 35 minute wait.  While we were waiting outside, an old man suddenly fell to the ground going up the stairs.  He hit his head backwards towards the cement.  The Olive Garden staff seemed well trained and equipped for emergency.  They handled the situation in calm manner and got the paramedics right away.  I noticed their attention to care, which I knew would be similar once we went inside.Indeed, the experience was a good one.  Our waiter tried to be a funny guy and crack some witty humor, which I appreciate.  We started off with a Grilled Chicken flatbread appetizer.  My only complain was that it was too cheesy, but I guess that is expected when you use an alfredo type suace.  I got the chicken scampi and my roommate and his got the Tour of Italy.  We all enjoyed our food very much, and it was one of my better Olive Garden experiences.  Its unfortunate of what happened to the man, who seemed to be okay, but I got to see the staff handle an emergency very well.
5	I love the Olive Garden. Although it cost $49.25 (before tip) for a party of three on my recent visit on 12/22/10. If you really believe those awesome breadsticks are free, think again. I recommend the Garlic-Herb Chicken con Broccoli and the minestrone soup. The chicken comes on a bed of noodle shells in a creamy white sauce and perfectly seasoned with a touch of garlic along with the broccoli. Another favorite during lent is the Shrimp Primavera which is cooked in a spicy arrabbiata sauce along with penne pasta, bell peppers, onions and mushrooms (I say hold the mushrooms).Make sure you ask your server for a couple of extra chocolate mints to wash away that garlic taste in your mouth.Did I mention the breadsticks and the minestrone soup are awesome. I can say I have had an excellent meal every time at Olive Garden whether it's in the South or the Midwest and the Scottsdale location delivers the goods as well.
4	Before I moved to Arizona I did go to Olive Garden. Please don't tell any of the Italian restaurants that I respect. My only defense is a $25 gift card, can't let that go to waist.1st Note:  When I walked in I did realize how much I miss the bread sticks and the salad served at the table is always a great way to start a meal.This might be my third chain review but the service deserves to be yelped about.  My server started off with an free offer for a tasting of a glass of red wine.  I said "why not"After dinner a manager offered a complimentary small dessert  with  choice between strawberry or lemon tart.What an experience, I actually want to go back to this Olive garden. Also joan B. with one review and one star, I'm a minority, I even walked in a half hour before close and everyone seemed please greet us at restaurant.  Maybe they have shaped up their policies.  This place deserved the very hard to give corporate 4 star and sets this place a little higher than the other Olive Gardens, Bottom line the service was so hospitable I had to be the fourth person to yelp about it.  Kevin
5	Jim & Brook went above and beyond for us! My husband has a sesame allergy and have been having the worst luck lately when we eat out that we were at the point where we didn't want to eat out anymore. They went y the kitchen personally and checked ingredients! Awesome people..great experience!!!!
4	I love the Olive Garden no matter what state I travel to.  I have found their food to be very good and very affordable.  The breadsticks and salad are always my favorite part, I have to try to stop before my meal comes or I am not hungry and just have to take it home.
5	The location of the restaurant lays on the fine line between upscale Scottsdale and the old town Scottsdale. Literally, you can look across one street and see beautiful homes, turn around and look the other way and catch a glimpse of peopleofwalmart.com in person.I give this OG a 5 star rating because of our waiter, Corey. He was the best waiter. Ever. He had a sense of humor (which is almost never seen in a waiter) and attentive but not overly so. Corey, if you are reading this, you deserve a raise! The food is standard OG. Endless salad and breadsticks. But if you are lucky, Corey will be your waiter. Be prepared for an OG experience like you've never had before.
1	For 16 dollars you can get:a) fatb) seafood that appears to have been stolen from a chinese buffetc) obnoxious and slow serviced) the joy of spending your money in a corporate shit hole that doesn't care about your food when you could be at a real restaurante) shameI'm a big fan of going out to eat, and I usually tip well.. but I went because a friend had her birthday there and decided to pretend I was drunk the entire time and tip in seashells. Desperate times, man. Desperate times.
4	I have nothing bad to say about the Olive, its good for the price. The Tuscana soup is my favorite.
3	Three stars sounds about right. My fav is the Toscana soupa. It has potato, sausage, leeks - super good. On this occasion I tried the featured dish, the chicken marsala (chicken, mushrooms, side of roasted potatoes and peppers). Umm, sorry to say but the chicken was comparable in taste to the chicken in a Lean Cuisine. Ouch, I know. I am obliged to come here ever so often because my boyfriend enjoys the Never Ending Pasta Bowl. Basically, a pasta buffet if you will, that you don't have to serve yourself. The service was good, no complaints there. I don't really dig the whole thing restaurants are starting to do lately, the multi-server thing. Most the time, the servers aren't communicating that well and it seems like a big waste, but OG has it down. We didn't have to repeat anything to any of our three servers
3	i lived in Italy for 2 years so i know what real italian food is and this is not it, but I go there expecting that. One thing i don't get is that they have a special culinary school in italy and they teach chefs how to cook genuine italian food? wtf! anyways the only time i come here is to get my belly full from the never ending pasta bowl dinner. if it wasn't for the special i doubt i would ever go there.
3	Olive Garden kind of speaks for itself. It's a chain that offers inauthentic "Italian" cuisine. And while this sounds harsh, these restaurants are usually nothing to write home about. Having said that, I will happily admit that all self control goes out the window when a basket of breadsticks and salad is set in front of me. Really, I cannot help myself! The pasta here is mediocre at best but something about the start of your meal makes it all worth while. Typically the service here is good and nothing tops of a faux Italian meal like one of their peach iced teas. It is always worthwhile to have dinner here when they are having their never-ending pasta bowl special. Go big or go home, am I right? :)
3	A $25 gift card brought us to Olive Garden last night. When OG was a new chain, I went a couple of times a year, but this is literally the first time I've been to an Olive Garden since the night I moved here in February 2004.  I did have fond memories of a pretty decent unlimited salad and yummy breadsticks.  They are unchanged and still pretty darn good.  I also had the Apricot Citrus Chicken dinner which was tasty and one of the healthiest options on the menu.  Because I've been tracking my food intake for the last few months, when I got home to record it all on my Daily Plate on Livestrong, I was shocked to find that the breadsticks are 150 calories EACH!  (Glad I only had 1/2 of one!).  We also shared an appetizer of Fritta Lasagna....which turned out to be 1200 calories!  Yowza!  1200 calories for an Appetizer?The place was packed at 8pm.  Floor was dirty, but service was fairly good.  Everyone was friendly, but it just felt icky.  I guess that's the way the big box restaurant chains are these days.So, 3 stars for the fond memories and tasty food and decent service.  But the huge calorie count/unhealthy food really makes me keep it at no higher than that.  Plus it's a big ole nasty corporate chain....  sigh.
4	Yummy food! not the most polite waitress....
5	Great customer service, Food was ready in no time, waiter was friendly and promt!
1	I would recommend staying away from this place!!! The food wasn't bad, even though the pasta sauce tasted like tomato paste (no flavor at all). What really makes me not like this one was their horrible customer service. Upon walking in the place I went up to the hostess desk and told her had 4 in my party. She proceeded to throw 4 menus at me and said "Have a seat and we'll get to you whenever we can." About 15 minutes went by and we were shown to our table. We waited another 15 minutes before our waiter came over to take our drink order. He then disappeared for a while. Another waiter brought our drinks several minutes later, and while setting my water on the table knocked it over spilling it everywhere! He then just said "sorry" and ran off. Never offered to clean it up or anything. So we used the napkins on the table to clean it up. We all then waited about 10 more minutes before the waiter came back to take our order. I asked for the Grilled Sausage and Peppers Rustica. He had no idea what I was talking about!! He didn't even know that was on the menu! As a waiter you should know everything on your menu. He then left to go put our order in. 20 minutes goes by and our food finally arrives. While eating, our drinks empty the whole time, he never comes back to see how we're doing. He finally returns at the end with our check. I then ask him for a to go box. He returns and offers to put the food in the box for me. While putting the food in the box he dumps half of it on the table. I will never eat here again!!!
4	Got salad breadsticks and this shrimp mizzone or something like that...  Very good. I love getting full on the salad and bread sticks and then taking my food home for a second meal
4	I've been to this Olive Garden quite a few times, dining in and to-go. Overall, the food is on par with other Olive Gardens and the service is good. I would recommend this place if you are in the mood for Olive Garden. My favs are the Tour of Italy, Seafood Alfredo, and  Tiramisu.
3	I can't believe I'm writing a review on Olive Garden. But I was here on Saturday night and the story needs to be told. Let's just say the group I was rollin with was a tad bit inebriated when we decided to do a family dinner. I mean what better place than the Gardens? Because when you're there, you're family. At least that's what we kept repeating all night long. So they set up our party of 10 or in this little alcove with one long dining table. Great move on their part - keep the drunk asses separated from the rest of the dining room. It took about 30 minutes to get bread and WATER! Let's not even get into how many times we asked for service. Honestly, I felt bad for the chick. They probably thought we weren't gonna tip. But hey, you have auto grat. Don't overlook us. This other guy server came out and was helping and ultimately he became our server. Typically, when I patron these corporate restaurant chains, I expect good service. I know they have corporate training and I know they have really high standards. I mean come on, they want your feedback. They give you those surveys to fill out. This particular occasion, the service was awful in the beginning. They started to make up for it, but it was already too far gone. So the food. Here's the thing about the Garden. They get you all kinds of stoked when you're watching their commercials. The food always look so melty and delicious. And then when you get there, FAIL. The food is cold and lackluster. I mean the only thing they have going for them is the endless salad. I can get down on that salad. But even the bread, I don't know why I say it's good. I really don't think it's good. I know it just comes in a bag frozen and they heat 'em up. I'm sure I'll be sucked in again by their commercials and then be disappointed. For the same prices, you can go to a local joint and get way better food and service.
1	This place was always great in the past but my recent visit there sucked! The waiter was ABSOLUTELY horrible! I asked him 4 times for refills, asked him several times for more breadsticks, for silverware, and i never got any! I had to go and take the silverware from another table. Had to go find someone for a refill and for the breadsticks and STILL never got those breadsticks! and everrrrrryone who knows and goes there, knows its all about them breadsticks!Then to make matters worse, we asked for the bill....HE NEVER brought it! so we just got up  and went to the front and asked them for it and then he had the nerve to get upset at us because we didn't leave a tip and we complained! so sad, but the scottsdale location down on Osborn and Scottsdale rd is not a great experience, at least not anymore
3	It's Olive Garden. Food and service were both okay. I thought that the special they have going on right now was a good deal, the dinner for two, as you get a lot of food. The smoked mozzarella chicken was overly "smokey" tasting - if that's possible, because it definitely was. The eggplant parmesan lacked flavor. The breadsticks satisfied my intense breadstick craving, and I enjoy their salad.
5	Been to this restaurant many times.  Often for business meetings, but my wife and I love it to.  Never disappointed with the food, and the service is also excellent.  As with all Olive Gardens, you can rely on this one.  But I think they are a bit better than others on service.
3	Now, while I enjoy OG's food - Soup, Salad, and Breadsticks galore!!  The service here the night I came her with my husband's family, was terrible!!  Did not get drink refills.  The server brought another bowl of soup, a few minutes after he had brought my dinner.  I'm in the middle of feeding Baby C and am like...Yeah...I'm no where near needing another bowl as I havent even started the one in front of me.  And I had to ask as to where my salad was and then a salad plate when he brought the salad finally out.  I unfortunately had to leave more of a tip than I wanted to, cause it was already added to my bill - there were 15 of us in our party.
2	I do note  PHOENOMINAL excellent service by the waitstaff and manager and waitstaff that wasn't even ours. They did truly work as a team. Our group was made to feel Welcome Here.I guess I have to start with the breadsticks. They give you bunches of them like it's raining breadsticks. Not all but most of the people at my table liked them but I thought they tasted a frozen dough product. One bite was enough for me as I didn't taste real garlic or a tasty oil on them.The salad was sort of average with a what seemed like bottled dressing on it. They give you all you want and grate cheese on it for you.I had the Apricot Chicken that's on the new Healthy Menu. The chicken wasn't as bad as that spongy Subway kind of chicken. I'm not sure if it was precooked and reheated or just over marinated because of the odd texture. It didn't taste fresh cooked but might have been. It seemed like it was cooked in a press of some sort. The asparagus and broccoli were nice and fresh but 100% unseasoned and just steamed. This dish tasted salt free and was slightly sweet.My husband had a Shrimp and pasta dish. The shrimp were the small ones and the pasta was overdone.I'd say if you are a fan of frozen TV dinners you will love the food here because it's a notch better with excellent service.
4	soup, salad and breadsticks. Always good:)
3	Good and consistent Italian food.  From coast to coast, you get a consistent dining experience at Olive Garden.
1	What a joke! My girlfriend and I were rather hungry and we had a gift card for olive garden so we went here. Not only was the 'host' rather short and seemed to hate his job.. We sat and waited for a server. We sat there.. Waiting.. And waiting.. As a waiter repeatedly walked passed us. Asked the table next to us if they wanted dessert, proceeded to drop off their bill, took their payment without ever even acknowledging us. I guess our cue that we should have left before we were ignored for over 10 minutes sitting at the table was the couple speaking with a manager as we walked in, they didnt seem very happy. We drove the extra 10 miles to the e. Cactus location where we had awesome service and the food was enjoyable. So all in all, don't be surprised if you have a bad experience at this olive garden!
3	I do dine at Olive Garden restaurants fairly often and love the unlimited salad, soup, and bread sticks. I overlooked some of the other tables' servers, and saw extremely friendly service. My waiter, wasn't really like that.Her service quickness was lacking. Whenever I asked her for something (i.e. refill or bill), she always seemed to disappear and only get what I wanted 20 minutes later. She was nice, not nice enough to cover for her other mistakes.I ordered the Five Cheese Ziti Al Forno and I have to admit, it was pretty good. I personally like smooth pasta sauce not chunky, and that's the type of sauce in this dish. The pasta was Al-Dente perfect. But, I do think the cheese was a bit much. So, I'd give this dish four stars.Overall, my experience was fairly good.
1	I was really disappointed with the waitress.  I seriously did not need to know it was her first day back from having the flu, and I really did not enjoy being soaked when the server dropped a tray of waters on our table and all over me. No one apologized, and no manager came when I asked for one.
2	Slow and so-so
2	We go here a lot for family dinners or lunches but the last few times have been very disappointing.  The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.I think it's time to find somewhere else to eat.
5	Came here for a dinner with a larger party and all of us were shocked at how great the service was. Our server was Janel and she was amazingly attentive with everything. We didn't go two minutes without someone asking if we needed anything or refilling our drinks. I'd highly recommend this location
5	The decor of this beautiful Olive Garden reminds me of Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas, home of Bacchanal, the world's largest and best Buffet!  Great start!     :-)Soon after arriving here, terrific server gal Sharron brought me a basket of delicious, just-baked garlic bread to start with, followed by a bowl of tasty Chicken and Gnocchi (dumplings) soup.  From there it was on to a big bowl of their excellent tossed Italian Salad, followed by a bowl of Pasta e Fagioli, an Italian stew with red and white beans, ground beef, potatoes and pasta.Next was a bowl of their Zuppa Toscana Soup, with spicy sausage, slices of new potato and cavolo.  Yum!  Then for dessert, it was several little chocolate & mint bars.Every single thing about this lunch outing was 5 Stars...  the lovely, very comfortable atmosphere, the super friendly & exactly-right service, the great food and the killer price of only $6.95 for this whole feast!  Sorry Olive Garden haters, it's "Woohoo!" from here for this one, and for Review #600.     :-))
5	It's an Olive Garden so nough said... If u haven't been to one your not American.I don't need to write about the decor or food then.But I will say it smells like raw sewage every time I drive by going home down Osborn
4	Who doesn't love their salad?  It's always a must for me.I bought a dish that was on the healthy menu.  Although it was very tasty, it was also very rich.  Would I order it again, YES!
4	Good food... can't go wrong!
5	My boyfriend and I love to take the occasional trip to Olive Garden and this was our second time at this location. I want to say his name was Jonathan but I am not 100% sure. He was so helpful, energetic and very friendly. Our food came out very quickly and we always had our waters refilled when necessary. We will definitely be back!
5	Olive Garden holds a special place in my heart. I will love it forever. Tonight I consumed about 1600 calories in one meal. Impressive, right? Zuppa Toscana, peach ice tea, and Stuffed Chicken Marsala... absolute bliss.
5	After a lengthy wait for a table in Scottsdale, the novelty is slowly wearing off, but the steady following attests the warm welcome.My first visit to Olive Garden was during midafternoon, so I could be sure to get in. After a late breakfast, I figured a late lunch would be fashionable.The place is impressive. It's fashioned in Tuscan farmhouse style with a welcoming entryway. There is seating for those who are waiting.My booth was near the kitchen, and I watched the waiters in white shirts, ties, black trousers and aprons adorned with gold-colored towels. They were busy at midday, punching in orders and carrying out bread and pasta.It had been a few years since I ate at the older Olive Garden in Mesa, so I studied the two manageable menus offering appetizers, soups and salads, grilled sandwiches, pizza, classic dishes, chicken and seafood and filled pastas.At length, I asked my server what she would recommend. She suggested chicken Alfredo, and I went with that. Instead of the raspberry lemonade she suggested, I drank water.She first brought me the familiar Olive Garden salad bowl with crisp greens, peppers, onion rings and yes -- several black olives. Along with it came a plate with two long, warm breadsticks.The chicken Alfredo ($10.95) was warm and comforting on a cold day. The portion was generous. My server was ready with Parmesan cheese.As I ate, I noticed the vases and planters with permanent flower displays on the ledges. There are several dining areas with arched doorways. And there is a fireplace that adds warmth to the decor.Olive Garden has an attractive bar area to the right of the entryway. The restaurant has a full liquor license and a wine list offering a wide selection to complement Italian meals. Nonalcoholic beverages include coolers, specialty coffees and hot teas.On a hot summer day, I will try the raspberry lemonade that was recommended.There's a homemade soup, salad and breadstick lunch available until 4 p.m. daily for $6.95.An olive branch on menu items signified low-fat entrees. There is a Garden Fare Nutrition Guide available for customers seeking gluten-free food. And for those with food allergies, Olive Garden has an Allergen Information Guide.All in all, it is the largest and most beautiful restaurant now operating in Scottsdale. It attracts visitors from out of town as well as people who live here.Olive Garden is part of the Darden chain of restaurants that also operates Red Lobster. There are about 700 restaurants, including four Olive Gardens in North Dakota's major cities.Olive Garden has gained a following since 1982 with its ample portions and relaxed ambience. It's known for its classic lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo and chicken Parmigiana.BOTTOM LINE: Winner winner chicken dinner!
4	This is more of a review of our waiter than the restaurant, and he's probably gone by now, but I'll post it anyway. We ate here on a date night a while ago after a strenuous rock climbing outing at Phoenix Rock Gym. Say what you want about Olive Garden, but the food I order is consistently good. It may not be "holy crap...that was amazing", but I never have a bad dish, either. We had the chicken parmesan, which was big enough to split, which we always do. Couple that with the complimentary salad and breadsticks and it makes a filling meal. Now on to our server, Montique. He was very attentive and humorous from the start to the finish. He never let our drinks sit empty, he was always asking if there was anything else he could do to make our meal better and he gave us good recommendations for the dessert. After quickly finishing our dessert he asked if we liked it. I jokingly said that I thought we needed another piece to fully evaluate the taste. He laughed and returned a few minutes later with another piece of cake, which he said was on the house. How cool is that! Hopefully he hangs around, as he is definitely an asset to this restaurant. We'll return, simply because of the service we were given by Montique.
2	Great place, clean restaurant, awesome service but the food is expensive and horrible. I ordered pasta with chicken and it was really greasy, they use really cheap part of the chicken. I am pretty sure it wasn't chicken breast. It has been more than 24 hours and I still feel the horrible taste in my mouth. My first and last time going to any olive gardens. I can't believe they still in business I guess some people don't have taste in great food.
3	I had a gift card to use, and I'm not one to turn down free food.  I don't care where it is...I'll find something to order.  I had not been to an Olive Garden in years, but I expected it would be much the same as I remember.  And it was.  Salad, bread sticks, out-of-control children.  Just like I remember.But for some inexplicable reason, my husband and I had a crazy idea that we should order from the "lighter" menu.  I had the lasagna primavera with grilled chicken, and he had the seafood brodetto (a variety of seafood in a wine and marinara broth).  His was okay, although a little on the bland side.  The lasagna was surprisingly good for a lighter dish.  It reminded me of something I could make myself, but the point was, I didn't have to make it.We had great service, and once the table of little tornadoes blew through, a nice and quiet dinner.  Somewhere out there is another Yelper with a gift card collecting dust in a drawer.  Don't be afraid.  Go ahead and use it.
3	Few basic rules of being a waitress. One, don't tap your foot and look around when we're not sure what to order. Second, when you leave to give us time to look over the menu, we don't need 20 minutes. Also good to not assume your patrons are under aged and not offer any alcoholic drinks. No wine tasting was offered so we didn't order any. Know your lunch specials... when I asked what the current specials were and you answer "none"... that's just lazy. Ordered a beer and a mixed drink... another ten minutes. Food came and went fast enough and the waitress was attentive to our drink needs. Salad was kinda old looking; clear onions and lettuce wasn't super crunchy. Otherwise everything was ok! Place was clean, got right in, food was good, price was ok. Always feel like Olive Garden as a whole is a bit of a rip off for the quality of their food. Most tastes microwaved or frozen, especially compared to many other area restaurants.
5	Wow this is olive garden.?..The company has changed since I've last been..and for the better.Dec 3rd at 7pmTuesday nightThe food. .unexpectedly awesome. ... full flavors and enough to fill you up but not so much... It ll keep you wanting more.Service above my expectation again.... personally I feel wanted and that I was a special guest.  My server was amazingly attentiveService. .. my server was Ashley and she went above and beyond and she was very attentive. .I know it's a chain but her hospitality towards me was effective to have me go back and bring friends.I asked for a sample taste for the smoked Mozerella sauce vs parmesan cream sauce and was brought out two boats and bread sticks...I was only expecting a little spoon tasteWhen coming here ...expect the unexpecting...even a nice meet and great with the Manager making the rounds showed respect.nice very niceThe food tasted fresh and very good and even the bussers dress professionalGood food good priceAmbiance wasn't too loud with the piped in music and such so it was relaxing.
2	I thought I'd reviewed this place before - it would have been a 5 star rating.  The customer service was ridiculously awesome, so great that we thought maybe they had hidden a microphone under the table.  The food was delicious and especially in this area the customer service was something that was very refreshing.We should never have gone back!  It can't be helped but be disappointing after such a perfect experience.  This time it was Sunday evening.  Sure the service was there but it was the same as everywhere else where you're rushed about, pressured to get drinks, pressured to order appetizers and almost eye-rolled when you just want water and an entree.  It is 2014 and some people do watch what they eat btw, sorry it hurts the tip.  The breadsticks weren't as good as we remembered, they were slightly overcooked (both batches that we tried) where the ends were like crackers and there was a crunchy layer over the whole thing.  The salad wasn't tossed well, there was a goop of dressing at the bottom and about half a cup of bottom-of-the-bag crouton crumbs at the top.  Ugh, so after such a lackluster service and poor show at the breadstick and salad that this chain is so famous for the entrees have to be great right?  Mine was ok, I had the sliced short rib and tortellini dish though the short ribs were dry and kind of nasty looking (frozen entree anyone?).  My friend got some steak fettucine dish with gorgonzola that was pretty pungent.  They had a balsamic glaze over the steak and the cheese was overpowering to the extent that I thought it was blue cheese dressing, not fettucine sauce on it.  We will most likely toss it.  The manager came by and we told him what we thought about that dish (I couldn't hide it).  He asked if we wanted to replace it with something else but my friend said it was fine.  However, the leftovers are still sitting in the fridge for his dish and its now Thursday.  Here's where there is a difference between our last experience and this experience.  Last time, the customer service would be so ideal that he would have just brought a dish that he thought we would have liked since it was obvious we weren't thrilled with the one we ordered.  This way we would most likely have been more impressed with the establishment and the dishes and service would have averaged out to a higher rating.  Anyway, I'm starting believe the naysayers and will probably stick with the local business.
5	I am going to say yes, this was a 5 star experiance. The place has been here for many years now. They started good, went down, came back up ,and now they are great!Yes Olive Garden has really improved a lot. I like the way they have decorated the place, all of them seemed to have a make over.They have a great selection of wines, and the menu has all changed again.One thing that is quite different than other places. Is they give you unless salad, and endless Soup, You can even trade the soup out. By having one bowl of one kind of the soup, then you can have another bowl of completely different flavor of soup.All for the same charge,it comes with your meal.You could never say you left here hungry.The food is really good now. as well as the soup. I liked them all. The salad has a lot of dark green leaf veg which is another plus.It is a really great time out. The staff is great,the food great, and the place is clean and even the restrooms.Lots of parking in the lot as well.
4	Make sure you read the updates below to get the whole picture. It balances out the first review!!!Not a great experience. Upon arrival there were 6 people working the host(ess) podium and only 3 people in front of us. The people working seemed unorganized and confused. When a table finally was suggested it was in the bar. The restaurant was half empty and there was no one in the bar. We ended up taking the table in the bar because no effort was made by the host to seat us elsewhere in the restaurant after we said we didn't want to sit in the bar.  We ordered two sodas, I had the bruschetta and my partner the lasagne. The food was mediocre, but nothing new there. When the bill came we paid, the waiter came out and told us when he tried to run our card he got a message to call the bank. He didn't know what to do so gave us the card back and walked away from the table. OK then. I called the bank and they told me that there was no record of the restaurant even attempting to run a transaction on the card. She mentioned their payment processor was having an issue and cards had to be run by being entered manually. Since the staff didn't seem to have a clue, we paid via cash and left. We went to this restaurant to honor the memory of a dear friend we lost who liked to go there, and we had the meal we last had with her at the place. It will have to remain a nice memory, because we're not in a hurry to go back to this, or any other Olive Garden.UPDATE (3/31): Chris with their guest relations department followed up apologizing for our bad experience, which we appreciate. We will give the restaurant another try and update our review after that experience. Follow-up by guest relations is a 5-STAR experience. Thank you Chris!Update (4/22): So we revisited the restaurant last night and our experience was the polar opposite of our previous visit. The host was courteous and seated us at a great table. Our waiter (Chris if I recall right) was new. Only had been on the job for three days. He did a good job, he'll be excellent in a few days! The food was good and we left the place in a great mood. What a different experience this was. So glad we tried again. Thank you Chris with guest relations for your follow up, and thanks for a great meal to the staff! We'll be back!
2	So we went back since it is the kids favorite place and my nephew chose it for his birthday on 7/8/14.  We had a fabulous waitress who was wonderful with the kids.  Unfortunately the menu changes so often if you like something too bad it won't be there next time.  They have also started the smaller lunch menu so it is a very small menu and have removed many of the simple Italian basics in favor of sandwich's and fusion dishes.  That's not why I go to Olive Garden.  We really had a hard time finding something we liked, usually it's making up our mind.  They really need to go back to the normal menu.
2	This is not the place for Italian food.  It is a pretty generic Americanized Italian food chain joint but if you ever want Beignets, come here and order the zappolis... They call them Italian doughnuts but they are basically just beignets with chocolate dipping sauce and are great!  Other than that... I sat at the bar and the bartender was super sweet and nice, his name?? but the check said "khutso C."  Sooo, I think his name may have been Chris?? He was great, the staff at the bar were very friendly and cool but there were two guys at the door when I came in that had an attitude problem... I walked in and said I was going to the bar and they stood there looking at me like "whatever!"?? I mean... Come on, they didn't even have to seat me, thus do their job, so what was up with the shitty looks?  While I was waiting I tried the crispy asparagus app and it was good except it came with this heavy sauce.. I asked for balsamic instead and it was much better!! Also I have to say they had no problem with me using my small vaporizer at the bar and Chris and the other bartender even complimented me on it;) love a vape friendly bar!! All in all, for a chain the bar is great but if you want Italian food this isn't the place... It's like any other national chain, pretty Americanized!  Chris and the other cool bartender should be working somewhere high-end, they were the best part of the visit!;)
3	Did you know "reservations" are only able to be made at this location if you call 12-24 hours ahead? I was informed that this is the definition of "reservations" - who knew?! I guess calling ahead even if there are tables at the time you want to arrive then it is just too bad. They must like people sitting in the entry area.
5	Great restaurant, Veronica was an excellent caretaker of our table. Salad is always fresh and good.
1	Worst service ever! Waited ten min to be greeted was never offered wine or dessert! Never received refills on drinks bread sticks etc took our server 10 min to come and check on us! Will never return to this location!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I love this place and Latisha, our sever, was so sweet! She made the dining experience really great. Delicious food and great atmosphere
2	I wish I would have passed up this place.  I Love Olive Garden,  Or Loved.  Haven't eaten at an olive garden in years.  This location my niece and I grew up at, she's 21 now. Went on my birthday 8/20, told the boyfriend I was craving it. Wednesday night not busy,  sat in a small booth near a register. Waitress came by after about 10 min. She did apologize about her lateness,  so I gave her pass.The rest of the service was slow,  empty drinks, burnt breadsticks, too much time passed to take our order after we ordered appetizers.  Salad came I served myself,  boyfriend served himself & no salad dressing on salad, more waiting.  I finally ordered basic spaghetti dinner trying to drum up some nostalgic happy feelings.  Boyfriend annoyed & passed on ordering an entree. I'm a trooper,  thought it would get better. Maybe the waitress was new and not managed well. Couple next to us also complained,  manager promptly arrived & compt their meal. We didn't feel like asking to track down our waitress to ask for a manager,  honestly just wanted to pay the check & leave.  The whole experience tainted birthday dinner.  Last time I had olive was  in southern California, good food, great service. Not sure what's up with this location.
5	I rarely review chain restaurants for food quality because it is pretty much the same. So...this is based on service. Steven was great! We had a large party (16 to be exact) and were never left wanting for anything, Steven was all over it and very professional. There was also another server that helped out with drinks and anything else we needed and between the two, we felt about as much like royalty as one could feel at a simple Olive Garden. One in our party had asked for light sauce on here pasta and the dish came out not quite as light on sauce as she would have liked. The server offered to replace it but the individual decided it would be okay. Well, as we were about to leave, the server came out with a new dish, with less sauce, to take home insisting she receive the dish in a satisfactory state, even if it was to enjoy later. The manager even come in and checked on us. Now that I think of it, we probably just looked like trouble and they wanted to make sure there was not cause for any type of commotion, I guess, or they are just a great Olive Garden, my bet is on the latter.
5	Probably the best service I've had in an Olive Garden in my life . Maria was our waitress and she was absolutely awesome !!!!!!!!!! It was a calming environment and put food was delicious . Our waitress also made sure we took advantage of the endless pasta special.
2	I am giving them two because I knew how bad it was going to be. It you have ever had real Italian food or lived on the East Coast, you know better than to fall for those stupid commercials with the 12 Italian family members shouting across the table to one another while enjoying an Olive Garden meal. This is not possible, First of all, bread sticks are not bread at all. So, my friend had a birthday and this was his choice and though I tried to talk him into ANY other place, here we ended  up. First of all a note to the chef; LAY OFF THE SALT, FELLA!The salad, SALTY. The pasta sauces, SALTY. The dressings, SALTY. Soup: SALTY.Nothing worth mentioning, we tried several items and were disappointed, But we had breadsticks, so why worry?They funny thing is they had wings and they were cooked to perfection. Of course then they put spicy tomato sauce and hot oil on top. Hopefully my blood pressure will return to normal before my friends next birthday...The two stars are for service because he did bring the food.
4	I visited Olive Garden today as part of an ongoing goal to do "normal people" things like going out to eat. Since I skipped out on this place for my birthday, I thought I might as well make it the first stop in the road.I was pleasantly surprised. Our waiter, Andrew, was excellent; drinks never went empty and breadsticks always magically reappeared. The breadsticks were salty, and they were no doubt meant to be guilty pleasures. I didn't care... I ate five of those glorious baked goods. This aspect of the meal was good enough to bump up a would-be three stars to four stars.Now for the rest of the food. I ordered the Lasagna Classico with a side of salad. The salad was fine but nothing to write home about. My mom could have made a better one in two minutes. Same goes for the lasagna. This cheesy monstrosity was decent, but I've eaten frozen lasagnas that could easily compete with what Olive Garden is offering. I would say that the entree itself receives only 3 stars, strictly for being decent.Overall, this meal receives four stars for the stellar waiter and fantastic breadsticks. As for the other stuff... work on making your entrees stand out, Olive Garden!
2	This particular location is lacking on good service. We waited a very very long time between bowls of our unlimited soup, salad and bread sticks. It's sad bc Olive Garden is such a staple but this location left us annoyed and hungry!
5	It's my neighborhood Olive Garden, and hands down the best one I've ever been to.  Great food, well done.  Take out service is almost always perfect.
