5	Amazing selection of everything from microbrews and liquor to brewing equipment and supplies.  Convenient location and very friendly owners who are obviously committed to offering great product and reasonable prices.  They are interested in continuous improvements!  Looking for craft beer in Sun Prairie, WI?  Stop in at Cannery...you won't regret it!
4	I hope plenty of people know about this place so it doesn't go out of business. They have all sorts of supplies for making beer and wine (I don't make either, so I probably can't really judge, but it sure seems like a lot of stuff). There are coolers with lots of specialty cheeses and way more packaged liquor than I expected. Everything is a little more expensive than the grocery store, but this is a small independent business, so that is to be expected. For people who want to keep their money local, it is a very small price to pay (literally, a couple of dollars here or there). The aisles are narrow and the bottles are right on the edges of the shelves, which makes my clumsy self nervous, but they just had lots of booze. Not as big as the liquor warehouse on the west side of town, more like what you'd expect a regular grocery store to have.I have only been in here a handful of times, but the person behind the counter has been *very* nice and courteous (unlike the liquor place I mentioned earlier). There is parking behind the building and you can usually get on-street parking in front.
5	Nice little wine shop with all sorts of wines for every budget. Can not appreciate the selections enough since I'm always searching high and low for above average wines and boutique selections. I have lived in major cities and have also toured vineyards in Italy, France, and Spain. Cannery carries some fabulous international imports for every budget. It's like the cutest little wine shop in the cutest little strip of the town. Very nice
5	This is a hidden gem. I met with Joe, the owner, and he is trying to build a niche shop, which is very exciting.  Awesome small (but growing) whiskey selection. Nice respected wine labels. Wine tastings are available at scheduled times. This place has potential, and Joe's attitude is right where it should be. I can't wait to see how this progresses. 5 stars for the attitude and potential.
