5	Awesome staff and food!!
3	It's Panda Express! Fast food Chinese-ish food. When you're hungry this works.
1	Horrible. I paid extra for an additional dish of steak and shrimp it usually comes equipped in a mini box well she put it on a mini plate and it was like one piece of steak one piece of shrimp and one bell pepper. I was so mad that I was going to pay more $ for that sorry additional dish. The rice is now brown rice and no one mentioned it I just noticed it tasted funny. The window shade was broken at the table I sat at and it was ridiculously hot too. My daughter was going to share with me then decided she didn't like what I ordered so I told her to go over & get something she wants for a to go order and they took forever and had other adult cut her in line because she's only 12 and figured they could take advantage of her. I was pissed I kept going up to the counter and said is everything ok. They said yes that they had to cook rice because they ran out. I said well that wouldn't be a problem if you wouldn't have let all those adults cut my daughter in line. So she had to wait and got cut in line. They deserves a free drink or something. Nope not from them. cheapo's ! I will go to a different location if I want panda express again.
1	The food is phenomenal for a great price. However, the service provided by the employees was poor, inadequate, sub-par, unsatisfactory, bad.... you get the idea. I would suggest driving the extra miles to another location to save yourself from a dreadful experience.
1	I have gone here a few times and for the most part the food is decent for fast food Chinese and service was decent not good BUT decent. BUT tonight, the service SUCKED!!!! There was a girl named Traci and WOW she was horrible!!!!  The way she took the order and couldn't understand simple English kinda makes wonder if she was dropped on her head a lot as a kid!  Couldn't understand my order and charged me for something I didn't order!  Wow! If I was the manager she would be gone gone gone! If I see her again I'll walk out.  The food is not worth her attitude and stupidity.
3	I only go here for lunch since I work nearby.  There service used to be terrible but it seems to have gotten better.  I find when I get frustrated there now its because of the fool in front of me who spent their time in line chatting on their cell phone and now want extra time to decide rice/noodles? chicken/beef? 1 entree or 2? ... you get the idea.  There's also super friendly asian guy who didn't used to work here and seems to have made things better.  He's a bit overbearing but at least he keeps the others moving quickly.Take it for what it is - fast food.  Not the best meal you'll ever have but certainly not the worst.
5	I rarely come here. Normally, it's busy when I do. But today, I was in and out in five minutes. I'm pretty impress with the customer service. They noticed me right away when I walked in through the door. She was helping another guest and told me she will be with me shortly. Then I see someone standing who looks like a manager or a chef.. Not sure, lol. I thought he was just going to look at me and walk away but nope. He asked if I was ready to order. And he took my order instead. I'm pretty sure they hired new people since the bad reviews. Anyways, food was great! As well as customer service. I ordered the shrimp walnut thingy and my favorite mushroom chicken and did a combo of fried rice and noodles. He put a lot on my plate. Sometimes Panda Express can be stingy with their food. Just like McDonalds and their sauce. But they started charging for those. Very irrelevant... Lol. But my review!!!(:
3	I rarely come to Panda Express but for some particular reason I was craving it..now orange chicken and honey glazed shrimp with fried rice was my choice oh and veggie rolls!!! The flavors were exceptional if weren't for all that soy sauce..just saying if the soy sauce wasn't so strong the chicken and shrimp I would've enjoyed more. I'll keep going back but not often just every now and then when I get the craving for it.
4	I think some people expect too much from a fast food joint. I have never encountered any problems with Panda Express. I have been going to Panda for almost 10 years. Great quality of food for a reasonable price. Consistency lacks on some items such as their egg rolls. It is not always fresh. Employees are friendly enough that they offer you to try some sample of their new items.
1	Before I begin, I would like to say that I normally have a great experience at Panda Express.  The food is already prepared and waiting, so if you're in a hurry, it's a decent fast food option.  Also, the workers are generally friendly and competent.My experience at this particular Panda Express last night however will definitely make me rethink returning.While waiting in line at the Panda Express counter I was watching the cook on duty cleaning and what I assume was degreasing the kitchen equipment and flooring.  One of the guests ahead of me took all of one of the food items and the manager who was serving turned and asked the cook to prepare more.  This is when the issue arose.  The cook put his cleaning supplies down and immediately went to work without washing his hands.  I witnessed him grab raw broccoli from a large container with his bare hands, then he reached into a drawer cooler to pull out raw meat, again with his bare hands.  After retrieving the ingredients, he wiped his hands on the sides of his pants and then walked down to the end of the kitchen.  On his way, he stopped to push garbage down into the trash can (literally pushed the garbage down to compress it with his bare hands).  Next, he proceeded into the back area of the kitchen where he smacked a coworkers behind.  Without washing his hands, he returned to the cooking area while picking his nose and, after flicking whatever he found, began to cook (again, without washing his hands).  I brought the issue up to the manager and she simply offered to have him cook something fresh for me if I was concerned about the quality of the food that was already prepared.  She was not concerned about the cross contamination of the unprepared meats and veggies and didn't seem to care that he didn't wash his hands before returning to cooking from cleaning floors and equipment.Needless to say, I didn't go ahead with my order and ended up leaving without making a purchase.  I hope that it was just a one-time lapse, or they are going to have some sick customers to deal with very soon!
