4	The food quality here is always good, and the portions are generous.  It's not uncommon to share a single meal, like the chicken-fried chicken, between two people.  That dish in particularly is a monster.The BBQ is done very well, and all of the choices are excellent.  They offer a sweet KC style sauce and a tangy/spicy cajun sauce.  You can buy the BBQ as a combo with sides, or just plain meat by the pound or half pound.There is a full bar with good drink quality and a few non-generic beers on tap.  Pricing for food and drinks is reasonable, with only a slight premium for being at a marina.Service is always efficient and ultra-friendly.Unfortunately they have totally unpredictable hours and you can't count on them being open when you want to eat. Management was completely changed recently and not for the better. I can't figure out what they are trying to do but the disruption hadn't been good.
4	I like Dillion's a lot. I constantly crave the Arizona Turkey Sandwich, but I always substitute the cheese for cheddar. The mashed potatoes are great. Enough about that, though. I really dislike Lake Pleasant, probably because I have almost been bitten by a rattlesnake there and because I think the water is beyond disgusting. So, really, the only thing that I like to do when I come to Lake Pleasant is visit Dillion's. I actually do like that you sit outside in the fresh air (which kind of smells like fish, but you acclimate to it). The food is just as good here, if not better than all of the other Dillion's locations. It is really nice to be able to wander the docks when you're finished eating, too, because it is sort of a little work out.
5	I love this place...especially on the water at Lake Pleasant...foor is great, service is great the view is awesome!I have had the pulled pork with the sweet heat sauce and steak fries! Perfect meal.The staff is generally a younger staff but they appear to like working on the dock of the bay. They have always been great. I did try the potato salad and being picky it passed my tests. I prefer the mustard, mayo, pickles type not a sweet kind. :)
4	Most seating is outdoors and well covered, where you can see a great view of the lake.  There's a full bar as well as regular table seating.  The menu has a huge amount of variety for a small restaurant at the marina, with a few items that are outstanding.Of course the BBQ meats are great, and what everyone expects from a BBQ joint.  A couple of others are the crispy chicken wings, the fish tacos (grilled not fried), and the chicken fried chicken sandwich.Service is good, friendly, and fast.
1	This was my hope for a  good get away and it did nothing for me.  Just to take the kids out and enjoy a day near the water.Service was fine being seated inside with pretty girls.  It's a big dated but it's better to sit outside for sure, for more room.  Waitresses were nice but very slow.  Tea refills per few and far between and food was not worth the money.  Food did come in a timely fashion.Onion Rings were very bland and simple and would not order them again.Nacho's with pork and beans on them was not even close to very good.  The best thing on the chips was the real cheese, sour cream, and jalapeno's.Blue Cheese Burger was just par.  Nothing to write home about unless it's on Yelp.I won't be going back especially since I paid $6.00 to get into the part to eat.I hope the owners and managers read Yelp.  I would hope you would try to spice things up more.  People want a place to go and have a decent food, ice cream for the kids, and alcohol for all the others.  This could be a killer location and place, but I have been very spoiled by Antelope Marina at Lake Powell.
4	Good FoodGreat LocationGood ServiceI like the spicy BBQ sauce over a pulled pork Sammie, steak frys and a captain and coke or 17. The location is amazing. There is something about being right on the water!The service is always nice. Never had any issues at all.
3	We eat at the other Dillon's locations in the valley and are usually happy with our meals. The food is always great. I ordered the portabella mushroom sandwich yesterday and it was the smallest thing I have ever seen. The mushroom itself was smaller than the palm of my hand. I had a tiny portion of french fries (compared to the others at my table) and we waited for a long time for them to bring ketchup to the table. The service is never great at this location.
1	Stay away if you are looking for a nice dinner on the lake!   I have seen Dillon's advertised at Pleasant for awhile.  I have been waiting to go for several months. Last eve we decided to go and asked a few friends to go with us around 6 pm for dinner.  Just wanted to relax by the water and enjoy the drive.  WOW what a mistake!   Although the food was good they had a DJ playing music so loud all we could do was look at each other because we surely couldn't hear a conversation. I have bee to many sports bars with music , but this was beyond loud.   Talked to a guy in the restroom and he was of the same opinion.  Also, the tables around us felt the same.  I know it is a party area for the water crowd, but I hope they spend money as i know dinner guests won't be back!   By the way this is the first time I have ever written on Yelp.  Just was that bad!
1	Beyond horrible service. Waitresses were slow, unattentive and clueless. The food was just as bad. My meal was nasty and it was nachos! How you mess that up, I don't know, but they did. The kids wouldn't even eat their meals, which also says alot because they were starving by the time we finally got our food. My friend, who just flew in town from the east coast,  spent the entire night throwing up from food poisoning too after she ate the taco salad. Either there was a cross contamination issue or the onions in the salsa were bad. I know it was Dillon's food too that gave her food poisoning because we ate all the same food that day prior to that meal. I will never eat at a Dillon's again.  Unless you are prepared to be violently ill, do not go there.
5	Sit outside, its worth the wait. fantastic way to finish Mothers Day at the lake.
4	Food and atmosphere was great, but our server Sarah was wonderful!  Thank you Sarah for great service; sadly, it's hard to find.
2	Could be a fun location, and the "scenery" was awfully nice as well.  Since we weren't allowed to eat on the deck with our small dog (and I think they'd do a LOT more business if they were pet-friendly, considering their location), we had to order our food to go.  We ordered two sandwiches (a turkey sandwich and a catfish sandwich) which took almost a half hour to make.... wondering if they had to go out and catch the fish and turkey first.  Once we finally did get it, it was pretty good.  In observing the deck area, it seemed there was a lecherous older gentlemen coming on to many of the servers, who eventually managed to talk his way on to somebody's boat for an afternoon excursion.  Provided for some fun people-watching.  Overall, decent.....but it could be so much more.
5	Fantastic restaurant right on the water. It's right on the dock of the Lake Pleasant marina.I had the grilled chicken sandwich - it was delicious. And all the other food at the table looked awesome as well. Cool atmosphere, great bar. Definitely recommend this spot.
1	We drove all the way out here to eat dinner on the water. Because of the length of the drive, about an hour, we checked the website for their hours. The website clearly says they are open till 9pm on Saturday. We arrived at Dillon's at 8:00 on the dot and were turner away right as we opened the gate to go in. There were about 15 people in the restaurant still. I explained that we checked the website and it says 9pm. I also explained how far we drove. He said they close at 8, on their discretion and that the hours are subject to change. We (6 of us) just wasted our time and we will never be back. Management really should do something about this issue. BS in my opinion and we will never be back!
4	My husband and I went her today for the first time, and we were NOT disappointed.  The food was great, our waitress recommended the Onion Rings, they were delicious.  My husband had the Bleu Cheese burger and he said "texture wise it was soft and succulent"  I had the fish tacos that were just Yummy.  We sat right by the water, and it was just a perfect afternoon.  I am in Laveen and it was a very easy 1 hour drive from our house to Scorpion Bay.  We cant wait to go back here and take our Canadian Family when they come at Christmas Time!
4	Caribbean, mon!Some water in the desert.Get the chili dog!Dillon's is a chain down in Arizona.  BBQ is their specialty.  Kind of like the Famous Dave's of the Southwest.  Have been to the Glendale location in the past.  Solid.  This place brings it to another level.  Situated on Lake Pleasant, just outside of old timers land in NW Phoenix burbs. They have a vernicular to get you down to the Lake? How cool is that? I am sure that I will appreciate that in my later ages when I retire down there in my golden years.  Look at the old guy getting busy!:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dillons-morristown?select=wkEu8lVCFfLLd9oek0jHqA#wkEu8lVCFfLLd9oek0jHqAAnyways, their chili dog is out of this world.  See my picture.  Comes on a hamburger bun with two sliced dogs, topped with cheese and jalapenos and BBQ pulled pork.  Just died and went to heaven.  Gives the Gopher Bar a run for its money. 4.99999!
4	The only two reasons why I didn't give it 5 stars are the wait times to get a table (that's the price you pay for success, I guess), and the food is good, not great. We do go on a frequent basis as Lake Pleasant is our favorite boating lake in the Phoenix area. The location and the "scenery" are great. The service is also good. We will definitely keep coming back.
4	Location, location, location!!! This place is something different for sure. We went here for dinner and within the first 10 minutes, it was like we were not even in Arizona. The atmosphere, scenery, and lake make it well worth the trip to the lake to check out this Dillon's location. The Carolina sandwich  with pulled pork toped with coleslaw was very good! The brisket sandwich looked fantastic as well, but the chicken fried chicken was lacking in flavor. There just was not much to the gravy and it was a little disappointing. Their prices were more then fair, however you need to take into account that you have to pay $6 just to get into the lake area.The drink menu is not bad and the drinks were made with a little extra love if you know what I mean. The beer choices were average but I wish they had more dark beers. I know that dark beers are not the most popular after a day on the lake so I understand why there was only one stout. Drink prices were actually very good.Despite the few negative things being said, I would go back here in a heart beat!!!
3	I have been coming here since the day they opened and the place has gone down hill in the last couple years.  The food has always been decent but they seem to be going through managers/staff and can't make up their mind what their hours are.  If we can't plan on dinner at 8pm on a Friday in June (when there are tons of people around) then I guess we will just always have to bring our own food.  Anyone wanting to spend a nice weekend evening eating on the water probably should come up with a different idea because you have no guarantee they will be open when you arrive.  Even if you call that's not a guarantee so you need to decide if it's worth the drive if they end up being closed.
5	Great onion rings and spinach dip. Loved the fruit and vodka dispenser. Then they gave us a slice of pineapple out of the vodka. Great place will visit more often.
4	What a great place.  When we visit my mans family in Arizona this is the place that we love to go to.It's on the Scorpion Bay pier... with the huge lake and the boats it makes a great backdrop.  Love that.  Nice people and good vibe.   You can feed the ducks here which is something that I love.  They know you have leftovers so give them up, lol!The food is okay.  Pulled pork BBQ is delish! and the Fried mushrooms are awesome- Yes, please!!  They close at 6 PM just so ya know..
