4	Joy is one of the few reasons to visit the Waverley Market (or Princes Mall as it insists on calling itself nowadays). It is a funky little emporium selling great vintage inspired women's wear and quirky accessories; think Urban Outfitter but on a smaller, cheaper and less 'cooler than thou' scale. When I last visited, on a Thursday evening, the shop wasn't very busy at all and one of the assistants was more than happy to help my friend find the perfect party dress whilst I chatted to her colleague about hairdos - I'm not sure you'd get this kind of service in any of the larger city centre fashion stores. In addition to the pretty dresses, there are loads of clothes that would be suitable for work (i.e. smart, yet quirky and stylish). It's definitely a place worth checking out on a shopping trip.
4	Joy is the saving grace of an otherwise tired and empty shopping mall. A relatively new store, it offers rather quirky, fun fashion as well as a range of gifts and cards which are great fun. I love Joy for Christmas party season when you are trying to find those perfect dresses within a reasonable budget. While everyone else will be tottering up in the same Topshop clobber, you are bound to be one of the few that have ventured out of the normal High Street stores into this fun little shop. The clothes are far more exciting than the what you would find on the High Street and they usually have a great sale rail if money is tight. The gift selection is great fun, full of funny knick knacks that nobody really needs but they will give a laugh or two. They are the kind of gifts you look at and think ''haha that would be perfect for my single friend who needs a grow your own boyfriend kit''.
3	Joy is a clothes shop, and as such - i do not rate it that highly, the clothes always seem nice (at least the guy's t-shirts, I'm not sure on the girls clothes) but expensive for what they really are. Where it excells however, it its ability to always have something funny, cool or down right odd to give as a birthday gift. Yes, this place is a treasure trove of quirky little gifts, books, toys and cards. It really is an excellent place to come for that last minute ''I-dont-know-what-to-get'' gift.Joy is really a diamond in the rough - the rough being Princes Mall, which is just a bit crap - but Joy shines out, and is pretty damned sparkly.
4	Joe is a shining light in an otherwise grim surrounding. It would fit in better amongst the urban chic of Cockburn Street but as it stands, you can find this outlet in the Princes Mall.Selling indie, kitschy, quirky dresses for girls and some cool t shirts for guys (think Local Celebrity and Chunk), it's moderately priced but still worth it. Items in here last and they look kick ass.I'm a big fan of the women's clothing and jewellery but it's a great resource for cool gifts. With everything from garden gnome keyrings, 50s inspired tea sets and notepads shaped like pistols, it has a lot of snappy offerings that will make a birthday that bit more fun. They also have a range of (usually) funny cards and whimsical wrapping paper.I love their 40s style dresses and have never been let down by their carousel inspired jewellery whenever I've needed ideas for birthdays. Like Urban Outfitters, but a bit more diverse (not to mention cheaper)!
4	Joy reminds me of a smaller, independent version of Urban Outfitters and I agree with other reviewers that it's probably the best store in the whole of Princes Mall.They have a whole host of quirky dresses and clothing and I picked up a gorgeous floral number a few weeks ago at a very reasonable priced. I'm obsessed with floral print just now and to be honest my current wardrobe looks rather samey but I just couldn't resist yet another flowery dress and the one I found here is super pretty!Joy is also great for gifts and they have lots of silly gift ideas like fake moustaches, grow your own millionaire and various other novelty items that would be great for secret Santa presents and the like. Overall, a nifty little shop and definitely worth a browse if you're looking for some shopping inspiration!
4	As Eleanor says, it's more or less exactly a smaller, less patronising version of Urban Outfitters, and so I'm quite surprised at the apparent lack of succes for Joy. This store is shoved unceremoniously in what is widely considered to be the armpit of Edinburgh city centre, and their Glasgow branch went down the shitter after only a couple of years.They used to do a brilliant line of geek t-shirts with video game characters on them. The Sensible Soccer one was my favourite, but it's sadly long since gone.
5	As an American tourist in Edinburgh for a few days, I was searching for some clothing stores that offered something different from the fashion/styles we have in the US.  I hit the jackpot with Joy and fell in love with all the Louche London dresses.  Very vintage inspired and not the kind of stuff I can normally find in the States.  As other Yelpers mentioned, it is a bit like Urban Outfitters, but I would say the clothes are a bit more feminine and have cleaner lines.  I'll definitely be buying clothes online from Joy. To other Americans visiting Edinburgh, I say you must make a stop in Joy if you love clothes!
