5	As I finished a nine mile ride, it dawned on me that I hadn't reviewed the store that enabled the experience. Performance Bicycle is a great place to shop for any cycling need.As we entered the store I was surprised by the size and selection this store offered. Bikes, apparel, accessories, training, snacks, anything related to riding seemed to be on display. Lance approached us and started asking us questions to find out what type of riding we were planning on doing; thus the best bike for our needs.  Narrowed down the type of bike we were interested in and test rode the selection. The model and size of my bike had to be ordered and waited five days for delivery. The delivery wasn't a problem what so ever. I was notified when it shipped, when it arrived at the store and was asked to schedule a pick up time.When I picked up my bike, I took another test ride and a few adjustments were made. I joined the Performance Team and received 10% of the purchase price in merchandise - hello helmet and lock!  As part of the Performance Team I am notified of store specials and clinics that are offered for free.The service, selection, and clinics offered make PB a great place for your cycling needs.
5	I'm not a cyclist. Just a guy who bought his 8 year old daughter a $65 bicycle on sale for the holidays. Recently, it needed a tube.Performance Bicycle in Peoria was the closest bike shop to me. Walked in with my daughter and the bike, and they started working on it right away. They treated this $65 bike like it was a $2500 piece of equipment. Not only did they fix the tube, but they tightened up the brakes, tightened up the kickstand, and made a few other minor adjustments.The way they took care of this bike clearly demonstrated that they are passionate about what they do at every level.Not being a cyclist, I expected I'd feel intimidated walking into the shop. Maybe even looked down upon. But I was treated with the same courtesy that they showed my daughter's bike.The next time I need a repair, or maybe even a bike for myself, I'll be more than happy to give them my business.
5	Good knowledgeable bunch of employees! Everyone is helpful, and will work within your budget. Definitely recommend PB.
5	Stopped in to see if they could check out the brakes on my Trek Hybrid bike. They didn't hesitate to give me a helping hand.  In addition they invited me to see if I wanted to learn how to adjust the issue.  I jumped at the chance and there was no charge.  Pleasant, helpful staff = win! Will definitely return.
1	All I asked the guy to do was look at a frame that I'm considering doing work on. Took 3 hours , they never looked at it. I had to come back and get it myself. This guy moved from 75th avenue and thunderbird to this location. The owner and the employees have a bad attitude. I brought in a NEXT brand bike , and obviously it didn't merit their time or money. If you want better service Go to Exhale Bikes , 31st ave & Bell road.
1	We stopped in there last Sunday, my wife was going to purchase a bike.  We spent approx 15 min's inside.  We received very little help in purchasing a bike.  We left and went else where you lost a sale.
4	Stopped by here for a set of new tires for the beach cruiser. We walked in and  were greeted by a very helpful employee named Scott. He helped me figure out which tires and tubes will work best for me. He also recommend a tube protector that has worked great for me! I also appreciated the YELP! deal, it saved me $6! Thanks!
1	Stopped in to purchase another bike. I was asked can I help you I replied That I am looking for another bike he repeated can I help you...... once again I replied that I am looking for another bike he never came out from behind the counter nor ask for someone else to help me. So a few minutes gone by I was hanging out near the counter next to the front door waiting for help next thing he said was Have A Nice day so I left
5	I brought my husband in to buy a new mountain bike for Christmas. The salesmen were great about answering his questions, and the mechanic took time to make sure the bike was ready to go. We were very impressed by the company's guarantee and  loyalty program. It really can't be beat! Plus, their price on the bike beat others we had looked at with the same features.
5	Go and ask for Rick.  I told him I wasn't going to buy right off the bat as I work in sales.  He gave me probably almost an hour of his time as I am a novice bicycle guy.If I lived closer I would always go to this place for bicycle stuffs!
5	I went to 3 diiferent bike shops to have some work done on my bike.   The first two shops I went to quoted me estimates that were in the hundreds of dollars.   Josh at Performance took the time to work on my bike and made some adjustments right away.   Josh was very personable and stopped what he was doing to help me.  He then went over exactly what needed to be fixed.  He understood my budget and helped me prioritize what repairs needed to be done first.  The other shops led me to believe that the bike was not worth the cost to repair it.   Thanks t oJosh, I am still riding my bike today.   I will only do business with Performance in the future.
