5	I've been meaning to go here for the better part of a year, and I'm sorry I didn't try it sooner!  Unbelievable!  So delicious!!!  My boyfriend and I stopped by about an hour before our movie at the AMC nearby.  He ordered Chicken Katsu which he was delighted with.  I ordered the Fried Shrimp, and I was most impressed!  The shrimp was so delicious, I could barely stop myself from eating the whole meal, even though I was stuffed!  The macaroni salad is the best I've ever tasted!  I ordered passionfruit juice in a can as well, and it really hit the spot with my dinner!  We also treated ourselves to a little cup of poi, which was authentically delicious, to the best of my knowledge.  The service was fast and friendly, and we will be back again and again for the outstanding food!
4	I was very pleased to find another Hawaiian restaurant in Phoenix. Chicken katsu is good as is the mixed BBQ plate. If you crave an island style meal this is one of the few places I've found in the valley.
3	I am from Long Beach, CA, and this was a staple of my diet. When I moved to AZ, I thought L&L was relegated to the attic of my mind. Then I found this spot while incorrectly looking for a lunch spot using 800-GOOG-411 and almost sh*t a brick. I was glad to find that it was almost exactly what I remembered from CA. A few notes; the biz didn't look all that promising, so I'll enjoy it while I can, and I don't recommend any menu items with SPAM in it...
5	Oh, L&L. Heaven in a styrofoam box. The happiest place on earth? For me, when kicking back on a Friday night with my man and a few episodes of Mad Men, it sure is. The staff are friendly and aren't at all shy--if you're new to the joint or just haven't tried many things on the menu, they'll guide you (and give darn good advice). A few of my faves: Mixed BBQ plate, Mixed Curry BBQ plate. And I'm a two scoops macaroni, one scoop rice gal. Drop by if you're in the neighborhood (or if you're on another planet)--you'll be a regular in no time.
4	This place is an icon.  If you have ever eaten here, you'll know what I mean.  There is nothing like it. Nothing comes close. Its fairly inexpensive, fast, and the employees are top notch.  They chat you up, give you extra of everything, all with a smile.The food is spectacular. Nay, stupendous! You get all of your bodily needs at one place. Protein, Fat, Carbs, Fat, and Fat. Be warned, owner of a failing heart, this food is not for you. Go eat some cardboard and take a statin. The rest of us healthy folk will eat extra for you.I will start my list with the macaroni salad. What's that you say? You don't believe mac salad could be "That good"??? Blaspheme! No Macaroni for you! Seriously, this stuff is so good, they could open a shop that serves ONLY this salad! Granted it has globs of heavy mayo, but sometimes its fun to splurge.The Short Ribs are next and I can't eat enough of these.  Thin slices of these things cooked to perfection. No, they don't fall off the bones like BBQ ribs.  They are not slow cooked.  They're cooked more like a steak, so you have some tangibility. Some... consistency to the meat.  Chewy and yummo, I tell you. Chewy and yummo.Chicken Katsu. Oh Em Gee, the Chicken Katsu.  Its like breaded chicken goodness. And you know they use the worst part of the chicken because its juicy and greasy and dark coated with golden crumbs and served piping hot. There's a huge vat of Katsu sauce which is likened to a sweeter sweet and sour.All meat is served on top of cabbage leaves which is a great finish to a huge meal.  They also have surf and turf combos, but I recommend going with the Short Ribs or the Chxn.  The Mahi is good, but overpriced for the amount you get.Oh and they have Manapua and Spam sushi too if you are a TRUE connoisseur.When you're done eating, you can go across the street where a doctor can give you an angioplasty.
4	L&L always brings me memories of being crammed in a hotel room while working on costumes --- eating those spam musubis while ironing pretty lacy dresses.  Wait, what?L&L is a wondrous place.  Prices are great, the portions are abundant, and the food is tasty.    This place is just as good as the one in Lancaster, California.  Actually, it's a million times better!When I sit at the table, inside this amazing eatery, I like staring at the fake sky.  "AH... so that's how high my cholesterol is now."Good times.
5	Always great food at a great price!  My girls like the Katzu chicken and I'm addicted to the Katzu chicken with curry. Their Kalua pork is also sure to please. A great alternative to burgers or tacos.  What more could you ask for?  Great food at a fair price and a very friendly staff make this a 5 star place for us.
2	Compared to Aloha Kitchen, this place just doesn't stack up. The meats are much saltier, and seem very processed, in comparison. The Kalua Pork lacks depth.. it tastes like it was soaked in liquid smoke, and salt for a few days... and the Katsu chicken is of school cafeteria quality. It's not the worst food I've ever eaten, but doesn't compare to the home-made feel of Aloha Kitchen, or other non-chain Hawaiian places I've eaten at in So.Cal.
4	We stopped in to L&L before a movie the other night and it was muy bien. Hawaiian bbq is one of those things I sort of forget about and then when I have it I'm like "omg this is so good, why don't I eat it more often"? Sarah H. and her man shared a bbq chicken plate, and I mistakingly thought, "I don't want bbq so I'll get the chicken katsu". Mind you, chicken katsu is effing bomb, but after tasting their bbq chicken I wished I had gotten in on some of that. I ordered the mini plate which itself could serve two people (ie; I didn't finish it all), but the rice and mac salad was really good. I don't think I've ever had anything else at a hawaiian bbq place, but I don't really care. I could live off of the bbq chicken and chicken katsu forever. Plus the service is always super awesome.
4	Honestly better flavor of foods here than any other larger chains like Ono Hawaiian BBQ.BBQ Mix is #1 so is the Curry Mix....All Rice makes everything nice!
4	You get a lot of food thats what I love! The guy was very very helpful although you know sometimes you just want a minute to think, that was noexisitant. The chicken is realld good, the ribs were better than okay, but not great. The beef was kinda salty. All in all though great bang for your buck!
5	Yep, this place is the bomb. I lived near one growing up, and it slowly became a weekly thing to eat at L&L.  Now that I'm here in AZ, I had to try their L&L.This particular shop was 10x nicer-looking than the ones in Cali/Hawaii, and it tasted almost the same (which is good).  Some notable differences were their sauces & service--a bigger array of sauces and the friendliest owners ever.  It's as good as it gets!I've never had such good service from a pseudo-fast-food chain before!
4	Came here with the bf recently because he's a fan of L&L. I personally feel that all Hawaiian barbecue places are pretty much the same, but I like this L&L because the service was really great. The owner was super friendly and helpful, and you can tell he really enjoys cooking and serving his guests. Our katsu was a little over cooked, too crispy for my liking, but perfect for my bf's. Their homemade curry sauce is a must-try. It's also in a great location, right next to a theater so you can grab a bite before or after a movie. Will try again!
5	I lived in Hawaii for 15 years and I can't tell you how much at home I feel when I go in this restaurant.  The food is the bomb and my haole boyfriend is hooked on the loco moco...I love there katsu and everytime I go in there they have a new item ..LOVE IT!!! MAHALO for bringing a little of home into my life =)
5	I love this place. It's way better than the chains in Cali. I love their BBQ sauce and their curry chicken katsu is yummy. And I love their mac salad. The mini portions are not really mini, at least for me. It's a fairly big portion size. I will make the short trek out here when I get the craving for Hawaiian BBQ. The others aren't as awesome as this place :)
5	Unless my own family is making the food, it doesnt get better then this in Phx for hawaiian bbq. i was so happy to discover the opening of the mesa location. with uncommon but tasty items such as portuguese sausage, manapua (with the sweet pork), spam musubi, malasadas and saimin... the range of menu items is extraordinary!Each item is top notch, I have indulged in the katsu, teri chicken, lau lau, kalua pig, mac salad, spam musubi, manapua, malasadas... and this is only visiting the location twice. My first time at L&L was in HI when growing up, then it franchised to Portland when i was in college, now that it is in Mesa, it might become the most frequented comfort food joint in town for me. I will be introducing many to it, by claiming it as "legit Hawaiian food"
5	"Mahalo!"Ahhh.... the calm my soul feels when I walk into this place and hear local words that welcome me back to the island. This place beats out ono's on their katsu hands down. Their Mac salad is always on point with l&l Mac salad even on the island. My typical order involves lau lau but because they had to raise their  prices to nearly $12 a plate, I'm afraid I will have to settle for a mini plate. For first timers, get the chicken katsu. Or teriyaki (BBQ) chicken. I never liked the short ribs (Hawaiian style).
5	I realize L&L is a chain, but I love their food. My favorites are the Loco Moco and the BBQ Chicken. I also enjoy their haupia-filled donuts. The family that runs this place is very friendly and do a great job in making sure you will enjoy your meal. Go there.
4	Went to the Aloha Festival this weekend and developed a craving for a Hawaiian plate lunch. After walking around with my BF and not finding anything that caught our attention, I suggested we go to L&L afterwards to eat instead. He agreed since we were heading to our friends house in East Mesa and it was on the way. It was the first time for me at this location and the first time for my BF at an L&L, so we were hoping it was not a let down. We were starving by this time since we skipped the food at the festival. I had been to L&Ls in Cali and Hawaii and figured they all had to be the same. I remembered that their Katsu sauce wasn't that great but nothing too bad where I wouldn't order it. To my surprise, this L&L was better than the ones in Cali and HI. The Katsu sauce is really good here; it's similar to the one at my favorite Hwaiian place (not an L&L) in LA that I used to frequent. I also had some of their Kalua pork and it was moist and tasty.  I'm so glad we did not eat at the festival. We would've spent more and had to sit on the ground or stand to eat and it probbaly wouldn't have been as satisfying. I usually rate Hawaiian places by their Mac Salad and Chicken Katsu w Katsu sauce and this place rates high in my book. Will definitely be back for hawaiian plate lunch cravings :)
4	I've eaten at L & L's in Hawaii, Las Vegas, and both Phoenix locations.  This location is a bit better than the Happy Valley location (and I live closer to the Happy Valley location!).  My most recent trip to this location was on 2011-05-29.  The staff here are more friendly, very customer-focused, and make you feel like you're a brah'.  The food is authentic - short ribs, chicken, katsu, saimin, spam musube, etc.... it is a taste of hawaii in the desert.  You walk up to the counter and place your order, then grab a table.  Admire the prototypical wall pictures of hawaiian sunsets, beaches, and dancers... t-shirts on the wall... piped music....  then your order gets called...Somehow, it just isn't the same as eating it in Hawaii.  The flavors are there, but you miss the beach sand, the moist ocean breezes, and surf... but if you close your eyes and dream as you take bites of the delicious food... for just a sec or two, you'll remember.... and smile....
4	Went to pick up some plate lunch dinners on Saturday evening.  Spoke with Will and saw his mother cooking.  He told me that they took over this franchise location about six years ago.  So I had not been back to this location for over six years -- how time flies!  The previous owners made crummy food, even though they are supposed to be cooking from tried and true, franchise recipes.  So after trying the old owners' food about three times we gave up on this location.  But this past weekend, my daughter wanted their garlic shrimp, so we order from them again.I ordered three plates, but my order was misinterpreted and we got four plates instead.  I paid for all four since we wanted to try the food again and Will assured me that I would not be disappointed.  Their kalbi short ribs and bbq chicken was very good, and my daughter said that her garlic shrimp was also very good.  The macaroni salad was "Hawaiian Style" and good too.  We also had some beef teriyaki and that was mediocre at best -- the beef was too lean and tough, and the marinade was not very good.  If they soaked the beef in the kalbi sauce and made a bbq version of bulgogi, that would have been better.Prices are on the high side; not extremely high, but high.  Plates are about $9 each and the short rib plate is like $10.But I still give them four stars since their food is pretty good and I will be back.  Will try some other entrees the next time.
4	When needing a little reminder of Oahu, the trip to Mesa to eat some tasty island fare of kahlua pork, rice and mac salad and of course the malolo brand fruit punch brings a smile of satisfaction and content to my face. Now, if only I could hear the waves gently hit the sandy beach and be able to smell the fresh salt air...........
5	Ordered the Bento Special plate, with Chicken BBQ, Spam,Mahi etc... but then I saw the Poke Plate (Hawaiian Sashimi) and had to have that. They were very nice to change the order without charging me the difference. They suggested I try it with the Shoyu which was a good suggestion.Everything was really good, next time will try their other varied dishes.
5	My husband and I were going to eat here tonight, but unfortunatly they are no longer in business. I'm sad to say we only got to enjoy them once. If they ever open another location around here, we're definitely going. Until then, we'll miss you L&L!
1	Place is Closed down.
4	Went to this shop today 10/17. It was closed. Now they have a Modern Sushi open in the old spot. Just for the benefit of other patrons looking for it -- its now CLOSED.
5	This is a good place to eat the pulled pork & cabbage, or the b-que-beef and chicken mix and just tried the chicken misubi and its pretty amazing.You also get a side of macaroni salad-no one make it like they do-mild but awesome!  You get two servings of rice also with your food.  ALOT OF FOOD!!!My daughter introduced us to this place originally and it's yum!Different kinda menu but you have to try it as it's like nothing else!Did you know they open at 10 in the morning for those who work early??YUP!!
