4	Really enjoyed the Curly's Truffle burger with Truffle mayo, horseradish cheddar, tomato, red onion on a Brioche.  Some yummie double-fry russet potatoes, too!There as a short line, shorter and faster than some of the other trucks.  Steer is well organized.  You get a number and then when your burger is ready, your number is called. Wish it was in the neighborhood more often!
4	I got a burger from here the other day at one of the food truck roundups and it was fantastic.   The meat was juicy and seasoned extremely well.    The bun had a nice buttery flavor and the chipolte sauce and taco seasoning used on their Mexican burger was fantastic and a nice change of pace from your standard burger joint.   It's food off a truck that tastes better than a significant percentage of burgers that you would get at other establishments.   I would placed it below (but still in a close proximity) to getting a burger at Burgatory.   I follow them on Facebook and they seem regular behind Coffee Budda on Perrysville highway, it's definitely worth checking out on a nice day when you don't mind eating outside.
5	I always eat here when they are at the Coffee Buddha in the North Hills.  I don't make it a habit of eating burgers, but this burger is worth my once a week splurge.  Best burgers I have ever eaten.
5	I am a HUGE fan of this truck.  For the longest time, it was like my White Whale; I saw it pop up on Twitter but could never find it in real life.  I finally (!!) pinned it down at Coffee Buddha one day and have been hooked ever since.  My mouth is watering just writing this!Sure, it's a little on the expensive side for a food truck, but you get quality and quantity, my friends.  The menu is pretty big and they only have certain items on the truck, so be sure to follow them on Twitter to see what their offerings are.  Even if you don't see your favorite, go eat there anyway.  The burgers are fresh, always piled high with amazing toppings, and so juicy  you will need to roll up your sleeves.  Now let's talk about the fries. You get a ton of fresh-cut, warm, salty fries.  I'd liken these to Winghart's and are currently tied for "most favorite fries in Pittsburgh."I'd go for The French Lieutenant's Burger and Curly's Truffle but they usually have a special Buddha Burger when they're parked at Coffee Buddha. Go. Run. Now!
1	If I could give this place a ZERO I would. How as a BURGER food truck can you only have spicy/brown mustard? Also every time this truck comes to my job they run out of food within an hr and they are normally scheduled there for about 3.
5	The hamburgers taste like real food! Really good food! I had one outside of Coffee Budha on Perry highway. It is a nice change from a lot of the fast food  and chain restaurant burgers out there.
5	Solid burger!I like to first judge a burger place on their standard, regular burger first before moving on to their more elaborate and creative ones. So I figured that I would do the same for this food truck, eh burger truck. I had seen them around at events where other food trucks were but, never tried them until now.I had the Straight Up burger (American cheese, onion, ketchup, mustard, pickle on a brioche bun.) The bun was soft and buttery and the meat was cooked perfectly, tender and juicy. Grab some extra napkins as the burger can get a bit messy. The fresh cut fries were very good as well.I can't decide which was better out of the two burger trucks I have tried so far (BRGR and The Steer and Wheel) so I will call it a tie for now.
5	I was at a beer tasting for a homebrewers competition at Wigle Whiskeys Barrelhouse this past weekend whenever The Steer and Wheel pulled up.  It had been noted on the tastings website that they would be there and I was more than ready to try the food from what has been an elusive food truck for myself.After perusing the menu I decided to go with the spicy one burger while my wife went with the Curly's Truffle I think.  We also decided to get a large order of fries and a fry dipper of truffle mayonnaise to share.  After about 5 minutes or so our burgers and fries were ready.  Immediately I could tell that the burger bun was toasted nicely as it had a great golden brown color to it.  I believe that my burger was made with a house-ground beef and chorizo blend and then topped with some fried jalapenos,  ghost chile jack cheese and a spicy sauce.  The meat of the burger was cooked nicely as it was flavorful and juicy.  I loved the toppings for it too as it gave the burger a bit of spice without going too far overboard.  My wife also really enjoyed her burger.  Whenever we finished our burgers we ended up digging into the fries.  They looked like freshly cut fries and were both really crispy and salted perfectly.  After enjoying a couple of them plain, I decided that I should dip a few of them into the truffle mayo.  Holy crap, was it good.  I think it is something that I could eat every day for the rest of my life and still be happy eating it.The bottom line for me is that I would buy food from the Steer and Wheel truck if I see them again.  The fries were simply amazing while the burgers were pretty good too!
