5	We've been using this Valvoline location for quite some time now. I think the main reason is that they are so quick. I don't think they are the cheapest, but they always mail a reminder postcard for $5-$7 off, which is nice. The lobby is small, but they offer complimentary coffee from their Keurig machine and bottled water. The magazine selection is decent, too. The employees are friendly and helpful. The first time we brought my husband's 4Runner in, they made sure to tell us that the skid plate was missing a couple bolts that must not have been put back on wherever we previously had work done. We purchased the necessary bolts at a Toyota dealer and the next time we were in, they were glad to install them. It's the little things that make me a repeat customer.
5	These guys are sharp and very informative.  Not your typical "Iffy-Lube" lackies and degenerates.  These are first class automotive technicians.  The shop is clean and well maintained too.  It faces west so if you are going to wait the mornings are cooler.
5	Had a battery fail which had been put in in Minnesota at a Valvoline so I checked locally to see if it was still covered under warranty. I spoke to Tyler who looked my account up while I was on the phone and found that my battery was covered, but that Valvoline no longer stocked that battery. He assured me they could replace it with a different one, but it would have to be ordered in which would take a couple of days. No problem for me and saved me a couple of hundred dollars.  He later called me to let me know when it was in. I then met Tyler when I came in to have it replaced and get my oil changed. He was just as organized, personable and efficient as he'd been on the phone. There are a lot fewer Valvoline's in AZ than in MN, so it is so nice that one is somewhat conveniently located to me and supplies the same exceptional customer service and friendliness. Even more, the owner of the Valvoline called me himself, as a random customer service check, and was also exceptionally nice and caring.  It's been more than six months, but my experience as Valvoline remains the best customer service experience I have had in the 2.5 years I have been in Phoenix.  That one person, Tyler, took control of my issue and handled it flawlessly from beginning to end over the course of less than a week seems to be a rare thing in AZ (much more common in the Midwest - so I am still adjusting expectations) and I remain so impressed, that as a client, it was all handled with minimum effort, follow-up or inconvenience on my part, that I wanted to write this review in the hope you can have a great customer service experience as well!
5	Quick service. Good price, good guys.
4	Great place to go for an oil change or other services. Friendly staff that even ordered in a part the car needed and had it there in ten minutes. Inside there is tv, coffee, tea, bottled water, and popcorn. The wait went by fast and everything was at a great price.
5	Fast, polite, and painless. And they didn't try too up sell me a ton, which most places do. I will definitely be returning!!
4	I liked this location.Clean place and friendly staff.They did not try to up-sell me any services per se, but they did "remind" me about some maintenance tasks. I always find this irritating...irritating like when I was 17 and my parents would tell me something that I already knew.  Like after reading the signage 1,000 times while I waited my turn.I'll be back to this location.
5	I love this place! Great price, so convenient. Everyone is always at the top of their customer service game. Seriously- amazing service. I even drive 30 miles out if my way sometimes to have them change my oil- because I trust them implicitly with my vehicle.
5	I was so happy to see that 10 other Yelpers agree, this place ROCKS!  I know nothing about cars and I will literally buy any part they say I need. Yet I have never felt taken advantage of here. They are not pushy and show you your air filter, oil level and explain in detail everything they did to your vehicle. As an added bonus, the waiting room is impeccable. Always clean and well stocked with water, soda, coffee and even snacks! I have been bringing my car here for over 5 years and I will be a loyal customer forever!
1	I spent $67 at the Valvoline on Cave Creek Road yesterday and I walked about completely frustrated and upset. I've been to this location a few times for a quick oil change or free top-off, and every time it has been a positive experience...until yesterday. I went into this location yesterday around 4:00. There was one free bay out of the three, and one woman and her 2 kids in the waiting room waiting for their car to be finished. I walked in, and one of the associates came in twice to talk to the woman, not once acknowledging me or asking if I had been helped. This happened a total of four times. Once the woman's car was finished, they came in, walked her out to her vehicle, and by then all bays were empty. There were about 5 employees in the bay areas and not one of them came into the waiting room to see if I had been helped. I was the only customer there. I received a phone call and stepped outside and ended up having to leave for a bit. I called from home right after that to see what time they closed and if they were currently busy. They didn't close for about two hours but when I said I was going to come in for an oil change the guy on the other line sounded frustrated with a tone of "I guess we can get you in...", as if it was a huge inconvenience. Turns out it would be this guy that I would end up talking to once I brought my car in. Drove it up onto the bay and they began doing the point inspection. The manager (I was told by the disgruntled employee doing the computer work that he was the manager) went to lift my hood and I hear him say something about my windshield wipers needing replaced. I just bought these windshield wipers 2 months ago, and knew for a fact they were not in bad shape. The employee looks at me and says, "my manager says your windshield wipers are shot and you need new ones." I told him I just bought new ones, he looks at them himself and goes, "uh, yeah, you definitely don't need new ones...I'm a terrible salesman."Then they proceed to tell me I have tail/brake lights that are out. I said I will get them fixed later to avoid more charges. Later on when I went home, a friend and I checked all of my lights, blinkers, etc. and they all work PERFECTLY FINE. I then also made the mistake of actually paying $25 for a tire rotation. There are plenty of other places that will do it for free with a standard oil change. I knew it needed to be done but I regret not waiting to get it for free somewhere else or having a friend do it. Especially after I was completely ripped off here. I have a bad feeling that my tire rotation wasn't even completed. Once they come into the waiting room and tell me my car is all ready, charge me and lead me out the door, I see an employee checking my tires with a curious look on his face. Before I get in my car he tells me to hold on a second. He then goes to the other employees and they start whispering about something and I ask if everything is okay. He then goes "when you start to drive, can you let me know if it feels funny? Like something is grinding on the front driver tire?"I was absolutely furious at this point. It felt fine, and I told him that, but I will be having someone else look at it to see if there are any issues with my tires, and if there are I will surely be connecting the problem to this location. This was one of the worst experiences I have ever had at a service shop. I was lied to multiple times about my lights and windshield wipers, and I feel like I was completely ripped off.
5	First time here and I couldn't be happier. Great recommendations without being pushy about sales. Quick in and out service and super friendly guys. A+ service and experience!
5	The staff is amazing!!! I know getting your oil changed isn't fun but I totally don't mind coming here and I'm always happy when I leave.
1	Only gave them a star because there is no option for "0" or negative stars! I have been going here for about a yr but this last time i had the WORST "oil change" experience OF MY LIFE! I will NEVER be back and would advise everyone to reconsider before trusting them with your vehicle! I recently took my vehicle in for an oil change, and they talked me into doing a 3 point fuel injection cleaning saying that it would help my car run better and give me better gas mileage. I agreed to this service thinking it would help my car, but after they were finished they said they were only able to do part of the service because one of the parts had mesh over it. (So they didn't even do the full 3 point service) My car was running perfectly fine and had not given me ANY problems before this service. However, before I even left the parking lot my car was shaking when my foot was on the brake and the check engine light was flashing and beeping. I had to go pick my son up as I could not leave him at school and then immediately proceeded to go back and ask them what they did and if they could fix it... by this time the car's heat gage was beginning to rise. They spent about 5 minutes trying to see what was wrong and then told me that they couldn't figure out the issue. They said I should take it next door to Big O tires and if they did something wrong then they would pay for it because they "stand behind their service 100%." Big O tires took and entire day to run a diagnostics on it and then called to tell me it was a blown head gasket and a misfire in Cylinder 4 and that although it may have been caused by the work they did there's no way to prove it.  I then got a call from Valvoline to let me know that they would not be paying for ANY of my repairs (which total $1,800.00!!!!) because there's no proof they messed up. So what was originally supposed to be a $40 oil change actually ended up costing me over $2,000.00 when you add in the price of the rental car I had to get, the cost of the service and the cost of the repairs... And they never once even offered to refund the money for the botched service they performed. I would advise everyone to stay far away from this facility!!!!!
4	I got right in and it took me only 15 minutes for my oil change, on a Saturday.  It is a little overpriced in my opinion, but what oil specialty shop isn't. What bugs me about these places is they try to vet sell you on stuff even when you want just an oil change. Theses guys weren't too pushy. Super nice and friendly. Gave me $7 off for being a new customer! Don't forget to ask if your new
5	Great place! Great service!  I live 8 miles away and still make the drive for an oil change here.
4	Family friendly feel.  Met the owner there one day.  Received a card with his family on it one time.  Love the little messages they put on their marquee.  Pretty quick service.  They always offer drinks and goodies to my kids when I bring them with me.  My only issue is that they usually end up taking 5-15 minutes more than what they tell me.  I don't mind being told that it will take longer before I get started.  Better to tell me longer and then get it done sooner than the other way around.  All in all, great place and I will continue to go back.
5	This place is GREAT! So thorough. They're definitely good at what they do. They double check everything. I trust them with my '10 challenger and my fiance's '14 charger. I recommend this place to everyone I know.
