5	This Christmas, I received a gift certificate for a massage from my boyfriend. Lucky for me, I ended up with Lena and I was instantly hooked! Lena is so talented. She listens to exactly what you request, and she makes you feel extremely comfortable. I alternate between the Swedish and the Deep Tissue, and I always leave so relaxed and happy. I am in sales, so I'm always knotted up and tense from stress, and her massages are one of the only things that helps me relax and feel refreshed and rejuvenated. I'm happy to say that I now visit Lena every 6 weeks and I swear I would visit every week if it were socially acceptable. Ha!I recommend her to everyone I know and I highly recommend her to you, too!
5	Olena is a fantastic massage therapist!  Her massages are very relaxing, you can feel the stress melt away as she works her magic.  I highly recommend a visit if you are looking for a great massage by a great therapist!
5	What can I say!!  If you are looking to have the most relaxing amazing massage and day changing experience, please give Lena a chance to fulfill this.  She will put your mind at ease with her calm demeanor and her style of massage is a perfect flow from start to finish.  I was looking all over Charlotte for someone to help relax and loosen up kinks from the daily grind, and Lena has constantly put my mind at ease.  I've never walked out of a therapist session and wanted to go back immediately the next day to continue, but Lena has that effect.  I am very glad to have made the connection with Lena and always look forward to her soothing touch and ability to work out the toughest stress areas in my shoulders and lower back.  I often have lower back and quad tightness from working out, but within 1 hour, I feel like a new man.  Thank you Lena for being a master of your craft.
5	Just got back from a massage and decided to let everybody know what a great massage therapist we have in town. Located right by Freedom Park it is very convenient for me. The inside is very relaxing and calm. There is an acupuncturist in the house, so maybe next time i will schedule a session with him too. Ok now about a massage, since that's what counts more then anything, right?I came because my neck was hurting and Olena did a great job, she did go deep and found where the problem was, not like some therapist that just touch your skin. She gave me a full body massage i think i fell asleep somewhere in the middle of it melting into the soft table. Now i feel fabulous, neck feels better, and my body is like new. Cant wait to go back.  Give her try.
5	Awesome!!!My coworker Christina was raving about how great her massage therapist, Lena is, and how she gives the best massages in all of Charlotte. I decided to treat myself this weekend and I am SO happy that I did and found Lena. I am in a stressful job where I sit at a computer most of the day, and am doing the same movements repeatedly. On top of that, I am getting married soon and it is both exciting, but also stressful.Lena really took the time to understand my goal for the massage (relax! treat myself! work out my tension/knots!) and gave a great massage. She is very nice and very professional.The massage was great!!! I think I actually drooled. I chose to do the 1.5 hour massage and it was well worth it. I left feeling like a new person and am already trying to clear my schedule to go back! My fiance is going this upcoming weekend, and I am recommending Lena to all my friends. BOOK NOW!
5	Lena is my savior.  I look forward to my appointment all week long.  When I walk into her studio I enter another world where my problems no longer exist; a world where I can let go and trust in her to remember exactly what I need.   Anyone can learn massage, but Lena knows how to rejuvenate, and that's what makes her special!  I had tried about 5 people before her but now I can't imagine using anyone else.
4	WOW!  Oleana is a great massage therapist!  I was skeptical walking in.  You never know what you are going to get at some of these little massage places that are just one room in an old house shared with other businesses.....but she seriously is amazing.   I only had time for a 30 minute massage, but I will totally be back for another.  I left feeling completely relaxed.  She shares a waiting room with a few other businesses.  Then her massage room is upstairs.  The massage room is very comfortable.  She had nice music playing and a heated table, which is a must for me in a massage!   My only suggestion would be to have more comfortable chairs in the waiting lobby area. Oleana had very soft hands, which is something else you want in a massage therapist.  Rough hands are never good and can be distracting.  She went over my health history sheet and we talked about what problem areas I had.  She listened well and followed through on the massage.  I would totally recommend this place to others.  And she is very reasonably priced!
5	Lena is UNBELIEVABLE! I walked in tense beyond belief, and left feeling so relaxed I wasn't sure I could drive home! She found spots of tension that no other masseuse has ever found. I really loved, though, how it felt completely relaxing even when she was really digging in. Hands down the best massage therapist in Charlotte. And so affordable!
5	If you are looking for a wonderful massage therapist, look no further! The proof is in her reviews!  She has soft hands and fluid movements. I felt like I was walking on air as I left her studio. Anytime I visit Charlotte, I will definitely schedule with her! Also, I absolutely love that she has online scheduling! Thank you Olena!
5	Absolutely wonderful! This was my first massage and I literally felt like I was in heaven. Considering I have scoliosis, I was amazed at how both the pain and tension was relieved. I will be setting my next appointment with Olena her hands are magic. I was so relaxed that I didn't even noticed I went to sleep, I would definitely recommend this experience to anyone who wants to feel a little piece of heaven :-)
5	I relied on all these great reviews, and I'm glad I did!  Best massage I've had in years.  She talked with me about the places I felt needed attention, and actually focused on those areas (this is rare in my experience).  Olena was on time, even though my appointment was late afternoon.  The massage room is quiet, the table warm and just right.  And she may indeed be the best massage therapist in Charlotte! I'm definitely going back.
5	I've been back a few times, and have only good things to say about my return visits.  In particular, I got a last-minute appointment with Lena yesterday because I'd done something to my shoulder and was in considerable pain.  She was so kind!  The work she needed to do hurt, of course, but she was mindful and considerate about my tolerance level.  And it is SO much better today.  So I can recommend Lena for excellent maintenance massage and for emergency 'repairs'!
5	I have been having terrible tension headaches ever since I was younger, but anytime I went to a massage therapist for some relief, they simply did an overall body massage without focusing on the actual points of tension. The relief was only momentary. Because of this I was hesitant to try another time. However, I read the reviews for Lena and decided to give it a try. It was SO worth it!! The first time I went, I told Lena about the pain in my shoulders and neck and she spent the entire hour working on that area. I have never had someone focus on one area for so long or felt relief like that before! I have been back 4 or 5 times within the last couple of months and I can tell big improvements overall. Lena has a lifelong customer here! Lena is extremely talented and knowledgeable. She gives a lot of helpful tips on how to reduce pain in between visits and really listens to why you are there! I would absolutely recommend Lena to anyone!
5	I had been looking for a new massage therapist after my old regular therapist moved away some time ago. I had tried a couple but couldn't find one I was happy with. I found Olea through a google search and after reading the reviews on Yelp I booked an appointment. I found Lena to be very friendly and welcoming and listened to my needs. We discussed what type of massage I wanted and how much pressure she should apply. The massage room was clean and tidy and the bed very comfortable. The massage was awesome! Perfect in every way and I felt my stress melt away. One hour passes too quickly when the massage is this good! Although Lena didn't focus on an elbow pain, as I had requested her not to, my elbow feels much better today......and I slept 2 hours later than I normally do!I couldn't walk out the door after my massage without booking another appointment. I am so happy to have found such a great therapist after a couple of disappointments. Highly recommended!!!!
5	Very good experience. My message was today (7/18/14). Easy to find thanks to the video on her website. When I walked in, she greeted me and had me fill out an information sheet. Afterwards, we discussed problem areas, what I was looking for, and other little detailed information about the message. She gave me time to ready myself and then came in. Received an 11/2 hour deep tissue message. It was amazing. A comforting fact is she thought I had went to sleep (though I didn't, I was just very relaxed) but nothing funny went down and she didn't stop/shorten my time because she thought I was sleep. After the message we spoke on what I liked and disliked and I booked my next message on the spot. Very good experience. Already recommending her.
5	If there is a better massage therapist in Charlotte, I haven't met them yet. Lena is thorough and excellent in what she does. I am training for a marathon and am having typical aches and pains... Each time I come in, we discuss target areas and she asks questions to figure out what the root of the problem is. In terms of her skill at giving a massage... truly, truly excellent. I have had about a dozen massages over the years and have always felt that it could have been better... not so with Lena. I feel I get excellent value for my money... especially as I leave feeling better! Presently, Lena is an entrepreneur and has a small, clean comfortable massage room in a building that shares space with a chiropractor - just because her location is not at a spa or high end place - don't let that put you off. This location is a stepping stone as Lena is bound for greatness to the point that she will eventually have her own building etc., because word is spreading about her - she's the best in Charlotte - GUARANTEED. Do yourself a favor and give her a try. You won't be disappointed.
5	Lena is great and very knowledgable about anatomy. She called me out on a previous knee injury (could tell that the left tendon was slightly different than the right) without me telling her! She also had good advice on some stretches for me to do for my trouble areas. Very good experience overall and I will be coming back.
5	By far the best massage therapist in Charlotte. At my job I'm standing on my feet for 14 hours at a time, which puts a lot of strain on my legs, back, and neck. Immediately after a session with Lena I feel better and my back does not hurt for at least a couple weeks after the appointment. Lena also can distinguish the root of the pain and offers suggestions of stretching and muscle-building workouts to help prevent muscle aches in the future. I will never see another therapist in Charlotte!
5	Lena is hands down the best massage therapist I have ever been to and I have been to many in Asheville and Charlotte. I've suffered with chronic back pain for many years so I know a good massage therapist. Lena is caring, well informed, and if she doesn't know something, she will research it to become as knowledgeable as possible. Massage therapist isn't even the proper term for her as she's so much more. Better than any physical therapist and I've been to quite a few, better in my opinion than any chiropractor. She is caring and really LISTENS. She treats you as an individual. If your looking for a typical spa type massage experience then this is not the place to go. If you have genuine musculoskeletal problems that are causing you pain then Lena is the best person in Charlotte to go see. She is reasonable and the best!
5	I hesitate to make this public...I'd rather just keep it my little secret and let the rest of you find your own massage therapist. Lena is hands down (pun intended) the best massage therapist I have ever been to. It all started a few years ago when she worked for another massage company in the area. Shortly after I started going to her, she disappeared and I was so sad...until now! After recently waking up in neck and shoulder pain due to a lot of stress, I called Olea via Yelp search and by sheer luck got fit in the same day. Once I arrived and saw her, it was a welcomed reunion. Lena went and studied how to treat musculoskeletal pain. She is able to target which muscles are overworking and basically does a muscle tune-up. I left feeling much better and had a few different recommended exercises to also prevent further pain. Not only does Lena work on muscle pain, once you are back to feeling better, she provides the regular, Swedish relaxation massages. She shares a studio with a chiropractor and parking is a bit tricky. It's not a spa-like environment in any way, you go for one outcome only = feel like a new person. I would highly encourage you to call to get in, but under the premise that you don't interfere with me getting an appointment since she is only one person.
5	The first time I went I had been experiencing neck pains (from long international flights) for three days. I described the problem and she went to work.  I left feeling better and the following day my neck was feeling great, no pain and no problems turning my head.Lena does a wonderful job of understanding the problem, describing what and how she is addressing it and then works on the right muscle groups.
5	I have lived in dozens of places, multiple countries and had three times as many massage therapists in that time.  Lucky for me, when I moved to Charlotte I checked Yelp and found Lena at Olea Massage.  I will never go anywhere else!  Heck, even if I ever wanted to leave Charlotte I may think twice just because I've found the absolute BEST massage therapist I have ever seen.What do I love most about Lena? Probably her tenacity.  And no - I don't mean that she digs and digs into your muscles (although she'll probably do that too if you like - she's strong!).  I mean, she doesn't give up.  When you pay for a 60 minute massage with her, you're not just paying for 60 minutes of work.  Lena digs into the problem...the real root cause!  When you leave she takes time to study your case, understand what may be causing your symptoms and how to fix them.  She even takes continuing education courses to learn how to address your issues (as long as they're physical that is!).  She is smart, smart, smart!  If you are looking for resolution, look no further!  Forget the chiropractor who needs you to sign up for a 20 visit plan or a massage "club" with groupon discount prices...go schedule an appointment with someone who will actually help you understand and treat your specific problem.  Bonus: you'll learn a lot in the process, leave relaxed and probably want to go home and spend the night in with a warm blanket and book (I'd say a good glass of red, but we all know...water after massage!)
