5	My boyfriend loves this place. $25 haircut and a beer. Yeah.
4	Haircut, massage and a beer...beats the chain shops.
5	Rooster's is awesome. Great haircut with shampoo, friendly staff, free beer, and they top it all off with a nice shoulder rub after it's over. Best haircut experience for a man anywhere!
5	My Girl found Roosters for me I really enjoy this place. I have had my hair cut here at least 20 times. They start you off with a cold beer (or a water if you are so inclined) every cut I have gotten was great. Then you get a hot towel and a solid neck massage. I can't recommend one girl over another I think they all have cut my hair at least once. There is also a manicurist on site as well. It used to be I would just drop in but they seem to be getting more popular so calling ahead is recommended. That being said I have never waited more than 20 min.. There is a great clothing store next door if you want to kill a few or just cozy up to the beer and watch whatever game is on. I am not sure why Arnold said they don't take credit cards they always have as long as I have been going. I told the owner about Yelp and she said if you mention you read about them here you get a special prize (Jello Shots). I am not usually up for them but the kitch of a haircut/Jello Shot is just too much to pass up(I had two).
5	I love this place now they have a full time Masseuse and manicurist. Oh ya Beer hot towel and a haircut. I love this place.
5	My last stop in Vegas always a satisfied coustomer!
4	Rooster wow what a great place if you want a treat and your a guy go to roosters it's a great place to get your hair cut have a great conversation  a massage and drink a cold beer all in one, The price is very low and once you go there youll be stuck on roosters my friends drive from accross town to get there hair cut there and you will to once you try
5	Guy Code!  Rooster's came highly recommended from all the guys I work with and they were right!  I was a walk-in and they took me right away.  The atmosphere is great in there, you feel comfortable and relaxed because you know they cater to men only!  Kelly was great...she knew exactly how I wanted to have my hair cut.  She works Saturday, Sunday, and Monday, so go those days and request her!!!  This place is great and I definitely will return as long as I'm living in Vegas!I took one of their pricing brochures, prices are as follows:Full Cut.........$21.00(for the young and students)Roosters Club Cut..........$25.00(The gentlemen's choice always includes, with your full cut, a shampoo, rinse, and style)Steamed Facial............$25.00(Hot steam towels, cleansing and moisturizing lotions with a great facial massage)Full Body Treat (massage).........1st 1/2 hr  $35.00    2nd 1/2 hr $30.00(Hot oil massage with steam towels..by appointment only. Sweedish or deep tissue)Hand Detailing Nail Shaping........$20.00(Nails cut, filed, cutical removal and buffed and shine. Hand and Arm massage with moisturizing lotion...by appointment only)Hair Camouflage....$30.00 and up(Permanent and semi-permanent hair color where you need it, when you need it. Private room with tv)Hi-Lighting.....$30.00(Creative blonding for men)**They also have gift cards available**Hope the pricing brochure helps!I'm sending all my boys here!  Even the one's that come in from out-of-town!
5	When it comes to getting a haircut in town, this place is solid. Where else can you go for $25 that gives you a great haircut, beer and a massage when your done with it all? Hell, it beats the hell out of any of those chain haircutting places, ie. Supercuts, Fantasic Sams etc... Looks like I have found my new go to place with regards to getting a trim when I start to look to shaggy.
1	I called first looking for an experienced barber was told to come in that Pat had 19 yrs experience. The service was quick and friendly. However the cut was choppy and sloppy. My hair is easy to cut and hard to mess up but Pat managed to mess it up. I will never go back to Roosters.
2	So I recently move to this side of town and went out exploring (on yelp). I read the reviews and figured I would give this place a shot, I mean at least I'll come out with a beer, right? In a nutshell this place is definitely catered to guys and makes a great attempt at it. I get my haircut pretty short and it seems pretty easy to cut to untrained eye. I am by no means super picky about the quality of my cut but I am very critical and pay close attention. The specialist who cut my hair seemed very knowledgeable and experienced. She feel short on the attention to detail and clean up around the edges. I would probably not go back to this place as she seemed like the best one there at the time who could cut a fade.
5	They gave me a beer! Haircut was excellent. Motif was manly. Surprisingly I did not get hair in said beer. Very nice people. Make a reservation: I was surprised they couldn't get me in for a couple hours on a Tuesday morning. Good for those of us with longish girly hair on our testosterone loaded manly heads.Walked out the door with the hot towel and the head massage for 25 bucks. I will be returning here.
5	I continue to go here and love this place. I've been going to random stylists and haven't had a bad one yet. The dog is also really friendly (and appears to hypoallergenic. Unconfirmed as to whether he steals beer.) If you show up enough they will learn your name which is always great. I can't believe this is a franchise, it really seems like something put together by hand.Also the massages continue to be unusually good for a hair salon. I don't know if they train their stylists or what. Anyways, continues to be highly recommended.
1	I was desperate for a haircut on Sunday.  I usually go to another barber that has very good reviews on this website.I made an appointment and walked in and only waited a few minutes.  Well to make this short,  the haircut I got was horrendous.  Very uneven on the top and backs of my head with stray hairs everywhere and larger chunks in random places.  He did not clean up around my ears so I had sloppy looking one inch hairs around my ear while the rest was a 3.5.  He did not clean up the back at all.  Since my hair has random waves in it even if you go over it one time with the sheers the hair will be different lengths.  This is exactly how it turned out.  What a crappy haircut.  I wouldn't even expect this from budget cuts.Now let me talk about the front of my hair.  He cut most of top of my head hastily but for the most part was shorter, but in the front he just left it the same so I have this goofy looking hair on my hairline the sticks out.  He cut my sideburns so that they tilt up towards the back of my head and the higher end of my sideburns were above where the ear attaches to the head! I looked like a complete dork.He cleaned up my haircut with a bic razor, moving it up and down.  Hey man, razors dont work in both directions and why the hell are you doing this with a nasty used razor.I spent about an hour at home fixing this haircut so I wouldn't have to wear a hat for a few weeks before I went back to my normal barber in LV.  This place gives awful haircuts and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone even if it was $10.  But it costs $25, the same as premium stylists in this city.
5	I walked in to  Rooster's without a reservation. I tend to get a haircut when I am having a rough day. Something about it calms me down.  I was greeted with a smile, and the woman behind the counter said the most magical thing..."Can I get you a beer, sugar?"  I sat on a chair, drinking my beer from a frosty mug, when a giant dog came over.  I hung out with him for a minute before my stylist called me over.  As soon as she covered me with the smock, she said "want a shot?"  I stared blankly, and she said "you know, whiskey. we have shots here!"  I threw my shot back, and enjoyed the hot towel on my face while she washed my hair.  They also do a straight razor neck shave.  All said and done, I was out the door for 30 bucks including tip.  Ill be back in three weeks for sure.
2	I had a 10:30 appointment so I showed up at 10:20. I was seated in Tiffany's chair and while explaining what I wanted done a mother and her son walked in. Suddenly there was discussion as to whether or not he had the 10:30 appointment with Tiffany. After a few minutes of the manager and stylist discussing it they decided that I needed to wait for another stylist to become available even though I was there earlier than him. Although I thought this to be rude I went ahead and waited anyways. Around 10:45 came around and Pat was available to cut my hair. She did a fine job for the most part on top. The back around the neck she did the complete opposite of what I asked her to do so that obviously isn't so pleasing. Not a horrible haircut but not what I asked for, especially for 25$ before tip.Not a licensed barber shop which is what I was under the impression this place was. I consider this place to be an expensive sports clips.
5	Used Yelp to find this place and SO GLAD I DID! Men's grooming at its finest! Start with a beer, excellent haircut, hot towel, shave of the neck, and a 5 minute massage...all for only 25 bucks!I worked with Lezli and she was fantastic! She took the time to do a good job, helped evaluate what was the best thing to do with the stupid sides of me head where the hair stands straight out and refuses to lay down the way it should. She helped suggest a new way to style without being pushy to get me to buy any other product. All-in-all, if I lived in Las Vegas Roosters would be my permanent place to cut my hair.
5	I have been going here since the first month they opened. I had just moved in to town I was in the center and started a conversation with a guy coming out of the shop and he sold me. The  atmosphere is great in there, you feel comfortable and relaxed, and there is always energy. Great Haircut, shoulder rub ,and full body massages and a cold BEER. Don't let the flirtatious women fool you/ They are all very professional and about business.
4	In a last minute and desperate attempt to get a haircut, I came across this listing on Yelp. With so many positive reviews, I started to drive up Eastern. From the tinted windows, I thought that they were closed. I went up and checked anyways. Thank goodness because I was beginning to look like a hobo. As you are settling in, the hairstylist ask if you would like a beer or water. Interesting... I have never had this kind of service before. It was early and I was blindsided. I didn't have a beer, but next time I will be prepared to truly relax into the whole experience.As I was getting my haircut, the stylist was engaging and personable. Small talk was nice, but when it came to the hot towel service or the massage, things got quiet and I was allowed to relax. In retrospect, this is a total dudes hang out and service. For $25, it is a great deal for everything you get.
4	I really like this place!  If you want an old fashion barber, where you can get an actual razor shave and beer or other drinks?  I say, pretty cool.....Location - 5 Star - very convenient on the southeast corner of Eastern and Coronado Center Drive where U-Swirl and Sushi Wa is located. I like places where there is plenty access and this one has it.Service -  4 star - I find the service to be like almost all other places, just a slight bit higher. What this means is that they are sure pleasant enough and efficient enough.  Just not anything tremendously special to give it a 5.  Of course they offer you drink and or a beer if you desire one and for this, that is why they get a four. The Haircut - 4 Star - I find the haircuts here for my kids are very, very good. The quality is very even, and there is care and attention.  At the other franchise places, you feel like you are in a revolving door as they take care of you in 7 minutes - 10 minutes when you have a simple boys / mens style.  Here, they truly take their time.If you want a traditional barber, this is certainly the place to go.  Price wise, I have to give them a 3 star.  20.00 for a boy cut is 5.00 cheaper than the men's/beer/message price, however, 20.00 is a bit on the high side.GK says, check this place out!
5	Annie,  Cut my hair today and I must say she was great and for my visit I give it 5 stars..
5	I've been going to Rooster's on and off for 3 years, but recently ran into Brittany when I was a "walk-in." She's the best stylist I've had in years and gives the best scalp massage. You get a beer or a bottle of water when you walk-in, hot towel, scalp massage, they "BIC" your neck with a disposable razor, give you a neck and shoulder massage, and use a lint roller on your shirt when you check out. It's definitely worth every penny!
5	Great place for guys to get their haircut.  They are quick, really nice, and do a good job.  The price is right too.  25 for a cut, wash, steam towel, neck shave, and shoulder massage.  They also offer you a complimentary beer while you wait.
1	This "grooming center" is an ok place. I have been there twice for their haircut special. $25 buys you a miller, hair-cut, hair wash with shampoo, and a neck rub. Which is sounds like a good deal, until you experience it. I made an appointment for 4:30, and got there exactly around 4:31PM, it took them 20 minutes to get me a seat. I got my beer right after I set on the chair, which is very awkward if you think about it. You have your apron on the hair stylist is staring at you and your one hand has beer mug. It was even more awkward when the hair-stylist decided to give me some time to leave me alone to finish my beer. Imagine a grown man sitting there in that barber's chair with an apron sipping on a cheap beer, while the kid from the next seat over keeps looking at you. I understand that you want to drive men in by offering free beer, but damn who wants to be burpy when someone is cutting your hair. Also, I personally think miller is crap beer, so it didn't add to the grand "experience". They really messed up my hair but just taking a clipper to the top, which was a miscommunication on both of our ends. I thought that the woman said clip my hair with scissors, and I didn't realize it until we had passed the point of no-return, that she said clipper. Although she did her best to make it look nice,I did look like a Franciscan monk half way through the procedure. Shampoo and massage was good, but anyone can do that. When your main entree is bad, than no one comes back to your restaurant for condiments. Their service needs to improve alot, they are pretending to be old fashioned barber shop, but clearly pit-stop style hair cuts and crap beer won't achieve that. You can tell that barber don't care about best service. Just like many worker in America, they are there for a paycheck for shoddy performance.$28 (w/ $3 tip) is not a good value for a Franciscan monk hair cut. I can buy a miller, use a clipper, shampoo my hair and use my neighbor's cat to run around my neck and back area for massage for less than $5. On a bright side they specialize in hair cutting, not plastic surgery. (1/5)
4	First time- quick, great cut! Called in on day of and booked, arrived at appt time, offered a beer (a comp beer is a comp beer..not sure why somebody would complain about that), nothing too fancy about the cut or atmosphere BUT much better than anywhere else so far, good music, and the massage is a plus. Relaxing hot towel+shampoo, styled and headed for the door.  Definitely going back!
1	HORRIABLE !!!  IF YOU ARE NOT GOING TO TAKE THE TIME AND LISTEN TO WHAT YOUR CLIENT IS ASKING AND JUST SNIP AWAY YOU MIGHT AS WELL BE SUPER CUTS !!! My husband and I are extremely picky and sensitive when it comes to our hair I even went in and explained for him, I mean anyone would be concerned about their hair and this lady totally just wasn't listening and I believe it was cuz they were busy trying to pack in all the customers they can. Honestly if you just want a whatever haircut yes go here. BUT if you like looking handsome GO SOMEWHERE ELSE !!! What a waste my husband is now in a HORRIABLE mood for the whole time until his hair grows out . If I could put 0 stars u would !
5	I will come back. Ive been getting haircut by my aunt for 14 years, for free, so I can't comment on the price. But the service was good. Pat was good.
5	I've been coming to Rooster's for nearly 2 years now and have always been more than satisfied with the service. Kim is the best! A haircut, hot towel, neck massage and a beer for $25! How can you beat that!? For the best men's haircut, go to Rooster's!
4	Let me start by stating that, like most men who are reading the detailed Yelp reviews in order to help them make the life-or-death decision of where they will get their next haircut, I am extremely particular when it comes to finding a new stylist. I came to Vegas for a temporary (4.5 months) job placement for my job back in Boston, and I feel like a cheating husband going to someone other than the stylist I've had for the last few years. Anyway, this place seemed a lot like where I go back home, so I decided to give it a shot.When I sat in the chair, Kim was telling the guy in the chair next to me that his lady friend should start her career with men's hair  at Supercuts 1) because they have good training, and 2) because Roosters doesn't hire anyone right out of school. #2 there made me feel good about my choice to come here. She asked me about myself, and when I told her why I was out here, she asked me a lot about the place it go at home (I assume this is to understand what I was looking for). She stopped along the way and made sure I was getting everything I wanted. I was definitely happy with how my cut turned out, and she was quick, too. I say that for a cut, shampoo, drink (water or beer), and shoulder/neck massage, $25 is a pretty good deal.I'll certainly be coming back here for the duration of my stay in the Vegas area.
5	As the wife of someone who gets his hair cut here, I love coming with him. I get spoiled too. Beer and a shot are free for me even though I don't get my hair cut! Ashley and Kim are wonderful. Everyone is always very friendly and my husband always looks super hot whenever he gets his hair cut here. The price is right too. Just make sure and tip well!
5	Excellent! I will be back.
5	I love this place and only get my haircut from here, this place is worth going to if you live in the area. I recommend this haircut spot to everyone
5	Really great place. Took my boyfriend here to get his hair cut. All the girls were friendly, the atmosphere is really cozy and warm. $25 is a good price to pay. This is definitely a cool little spot. BIG PLUS: not a chain!
