4	Really good Chinese!  Small restaurant, very friendly and attentive staff.  My personal favorites are the sesame chicken and the cold sesame noodles.  They do offer several levels of "hot" on some dishes.  When I took relatives from San Fransisco and Chicago to Shanghai, they ordered the hottest level of hot and it was still milder than what they could get locally.  So keep this is mind.  Beer and wine only - no liquor.  And the limited wine selection is the only thing that holds me back from awarding that fifth star.  Easy to find on Park Road and reasonably priced.  I will drive past at least three other Chinese restaurants to get takeout from Shanghai.
3	I drive out here for these reasons:I like me some fake duck.They have an insane wine list, and a decent beer list.Closed on Monday, open for lunch and dinner the rest of the week, Shanghai is better-than-average Chinese fare that has a full page of veg-friendly options. It is also very affordable, with mains coming in at about $9-$10 each. Its a smaller menu than I'm used to, and not everything is available (looking to try the "vegetarian seafood medley" I was informed it was no longer being served, since no one was ordering it). A surprising number of the appetizers are, however. We went with Lettuce Cups, which was pretty standard, except for the sauce that accompanied it. No plum sauce here, but spicy, watery, sweet-sour hot mustard! Wowza! I was happy.Like Donna said, they'll do whatever level of hot you want. I ordered my stuff at a 9 (out of 10) and wasn't satisfied. You can ask for whole chili's rather than dried flakes, and that's my plan for the next time I come, 'cos I crave the heat. I'd have another star to award Shanghai, but I find the lack of veg-friendly soups a little sad, having to pick through their larger-than-what-they-actually-serve menu a bit of a hassle, and the flavors a little far over the "too sweet" line.
5	Sadly, this wonderful local, family place has closed down. RIP Shanghai, we hardly knew you.
