1	I was leaving REI today and decided to stop in for a taco and a burrito at Taco Nazo. I am huge fan of cheap taco shops and will try just about any. This place will be on the list of "Do not Return".  The beans in my burrito were soupy and tasted burnt, and the shredded beef in the taco tasted like beef jerky. They also charge for chips and salsa. Lame.
2	This is that place next to the REI off of Southern Avenue. No real ambiance or service to speak of - it's just a little strip mall burrito joint.I ordered the Devil's Shrimp burrito or burro or something, I don't know. I don't guess I stopped to think about what meaning exactly the word 'devil' might carry in the name, but I found out - it means HOT. Like hotter than pepper spray hot. And yes, unfortunately for me, I do know what pepper spray tastes like - I had this friend in college back in Austin, and one drunken night his crazy little brother Michael slipped me a shrimp that he'd soaked in pepper spray. Lemme tell ya, that was pretty F'in hot, but not even close to the devil shrimp at Taco Nazo. I'll be back, but only to take Michael there when he comes to visit next month. Beware the devil's shrimp.
1	Just don't go here... This was the worst Carne Asada burrito I've had ever!!!The place is a shite hole, their rolled tacos are over priced and not so good... They even messed up a veggie burrito.  Also, their guac was all dark like it was left out.I spent 15 bucks here and me and my gal ended up making mac and chac at home.I really can't explain how much of a fail this place is.   How can you be levels worse the Filli B's?  Not to mention it's like $0.50-$1.00 more expensive than any other Taco shack in Tempe.  I could see that it's family owned by a couple, and I feel sorry for raining on them, but how do you mess up Carne Asada????!!Do yourself a favor if you're on Southern and have a burrito hankering.Go to Rivas.
1	At best this is mediocre food, the hot sauces were not, the chili rellano was a rice filled burrito with one strip of chile and no rellano. Don't go here.
3	My boyfriend and I ate there the other day and we thought it was  good.  We were impressed.  I like to find excellent hole-in-the-wall Mexican eateries and though I wouldn't say it was excellent, I would defiantly eat there again.I have 2 complaints though.  They put that delicious food on Styrofoam plates and it actually melted and stuck to my food.  And bring your own fork because they use the tiniest little el'cheapo plastic forks in the world.Also, they have a nice big screen TV for the customers, but tuned to Spanish speaking stations.
3	If you frequent overpriced suburban wish fulfillment adventure outlets like REI, I would recommend you avoid the Taco Nazo and hit up the Schlotzskys instead. That way you can pay in excess of ten dollars for a mediocre meal to be consumed in a lively atmosphere, the perfect compliment to REI. Leave Taco Nazo to us trash people that enjoy kick ass pork, pickled carrots, gigando delicious tortillas and as much flavorful (but not scorching) squeezy bottle hot sauce as our gullets can handle. This place is in the weekly lunch rotation for me and my lunch crew, who generally show up coated in a thick layer of dust, dirt under the fingernails and salt crusted sweat stains pretty much all over. Nobody ever bats an eye. And if you're lucky you can get some cheap produce from folks hawking their wares out of their pickup beds out front.Arrive hungry, horf down a burrito, and leave satisfied. What more do you need?
2	This might be one of those places that I'd be tempted to stop into occassionally if they had anything above average.  Unfortunately, their fish taco was good but nothing special and their 'service'... if that's what you'd call it, was not very friendly.  The only saving grace was the taco was only $2.  Too bad... the place looked cute!Won't see ya here!
2	Small plastic fork. Let's start there. I had the fish tacos and they were edible only because I was starving. Poor excuse for salsa bar. Service was ok served with a smile at least but all in all food was horrid. At least it is hard to mess up Horchata :) Rivas or Filly B's next time I need a quick Mexican dive fix for lunch or very early AM snack.
3	There's no denying - it is a dive.  But they have very good food at a reasonable price, I especially like their street tacos.
4	I don't understand how the average rating is so low for this place. We tend to enjoy grabbing burritos here whenever we're in the neighborhood. Great carnitas and Arizona Burritos (con pollo).
5	We order here atleast once a week from work and we have always received warm friendly service and wonderful food.  The pricce is very good.  You get real food made fresh while you wait.  If you want it made a special way all you have to do is ask.  Very accomodating.
5	No idea why this place is rated so low, but here is my 2 cents after multiple visits to this cheap, delicious hole-in-the-wall.Their food is very good, much better than most fast-mexican type places like this, and their prices are cheap, like a 1.25 for a street-style taco.Carne Asada, Al Pastor, Carnitas, Lengua all excellent, and they do small street-style tacos right, cheap and fresh.Also had their torta, which was great. It's notable they also have more seafood than most fast mexican places.Soccer usually on the big screen in the dining room is simply awesome too.For the price and quality of food this is one of the best places in the area, try a few taco's and see for yourself....
1	The shredded beef tacos were not that good. The beef itself was like one long piece of beef. It was like the yarn ball of shredded beef inside my taco. Usually you expect the shredded beef to be, well.. shredded. I'm sorry but if you can't get tacos right then you don't deserve to call yourself Mexican period.The menu was orange and you couldn't see the pictures of the food on it cause the color of the food was orange too. The prices were reasonable. The other comment about the place looking like a clown went wicked on this place are justified.
4	If you read the reviews you'll see that people love this place. it is a dive, but the tacos are great. Lots of options and cheap. Been there many times and never been disapointed.
4	Super great mexican food! I'm from a small town in southeastern Arizona with a lot of authentic mexican food restaurants, and this place was very similar. I had the hardshell chicken tacos and they were on point! The art was very interesting, to say the least. I would recommend this place to people in the area.
1	Really hideous food.  Got a chile rellenos combo and it was like rubber and in watery liquid.  They guy at the register was also grumpy which did not add to the experience.  I asked if I could have one flour and one corn torilla and was told a flat "NO".  Not going back!
3	This place is OK. Nothing phenomenal. The breakfast burritos are OK, which is weird as usually they are absolutely tasty. I eat here pretty regularly as it is next to my job. It is definitely not bad. Just nothing to really blow you away. I did have one of the shrimp specials ($11!) and it was indeed excellent. I wish they made their own horchata, or at least pretended they did. Watching them poor it out of the bottle I could buy is rather underwhelming. Not all of their Mexican coke is made with cane sugar (the number one reason I drink Mexican coke). so watch for that. If you are near and hungry, stop in! I wouldn't bring people or make a special trip though.
4	Good menudo everyday, watermelon juice is very refreshing.
1	Just under $9.00 for a combo #2 Pork Burrito, rice & beans with a medium Melon drink.  The Burrito was dry, meat greasy, beans runny and only a few spoonfulls of pico de gallo in the condiment tray.  No Salsa verde or any red sauce at all.  Staff was surly and made me feel like I bothered them to eat there.Why didn't I read the Yelp reviews before stopping in ...
2	A perfectly acceptable strip mall Mexican joint that happens to be next to REI, which I found particularly convenient on the two occasions I had to go there during a recent trip to Arizona. Just thinking about the homestyle dishes they serve here is making me hungry for Mexican food right now. You fuckers are spoiled in the Southwest, I hope you know that. We don't get cafeteria food of this caliber where I'm from. One tip: don't order coffee.One tip for the owners: is the gigantic TV really necessary? Also, get better coffee.
5	I love the #1. Three soft tacos. This is a nice little place. Good service and friendly staff. I will be back.
5	I go there whenever I am on that side of town.  Always good food, reasonable prices, nice staff.I really like there burritos, tacos de asada,  There hot sauce is really good not sure its house made or commercial but really good.
2	So I was walking out of REI after picking up some last minute supplies for a backpacking trip, and was about to get in my car when I remembered I hadn't eaten all day.  So I popped in looking for some quick grub.  There were a couple of people ahead of me in line so I expected some sort of wait for my food, but it took over 10 minutes after ordering for my order to be ready.  This isn't a nice sit-down restaurant, but more of a "fast food" type, order-at-the-counter joint.  For a bean burrito and a couple of cheese enchiladas it should not have taken that long.  And it was definitely not worth the $9.  The bean burrito was okay if that.  The beans had no flavor (compared to other Mexican food places of the same style.)  The red enchilada sauce had a good flavor and definitely tasted homemade, but the cheese enchiladas were enchiladas minus the cheese.  Seriously.  All I was given were corn tortillas rolled up with a completely hollow and filling-less center.  WTF.  Definitely won't eat here again.
4	Besides the fact that this place has awesome interior design and an amazing and authentic menu, they have half liter Mexican Cokes. Nothing beats a Mexican Coke.
3	Close by work and has decent prices. I've got the special pork skin tacos the two times I've been here and I've liked them.  I've had better but the convenience will probably have me coming back and changing up my order.
4	This place is great for a quick meal. I prefer just a bean burrito and this hits the spot. The service is fast and my burrito was yummy!
3	I guess the one star review are for folk who had their burritos and plates and left hungry.  That was me after I had their Carne asada plate.  They gave me three small corn tortilla and the portions of the meat were pretty small.  Extra sauce and soda refills cost extra.But apparently their tacos are supposedly cheap and good, which might be their saving grace, giving them benefit of a doubt and good reviews from others, they get another star.  The 3rd star is for the pretty friendly staff and their really good spicy red sauce salsa.  The owner is an old man and he is very friendly and will help recommend u different items to try, like chicharon tacos and such.  His son is a little more quiet but service with a smile and efficient.I think I prefer Rivas to this place as they make a decent plate with giant portions.  Only thing this place has above Rivas is their really spicy hot sauce.  The red sauce in a bottle is done right :). Also their asada is nicely grilled and almost every piece is a little crispy.  I guess the right way to do this is buy their sauce and bring it down the road to rivas :)So perhaps if they improve their salsa bar, Increase their portion size to the price level and touch up some of the paint on the wall, they would come in with 5 stars.  Otherwise they are a 3 star hole in the wall spot with sit down prices.
2	Average strip mall Mexican food place.. Food was alright and priced reasonably. I got an array of tacos. I felt the side effects later so I marked a star off for that.
2	Stopped in here for lunch one day last week on a shopping trip to REI with the hubby. We both agreed we will not return. The meat was dry and the refried beans were soupy. Nothing tasted very fresh. There's a lot better choices for Mexican in the area.
4	I had shredded beef soft tacos. Food is full of flavor and the watermelon water is so good on a hot day. Good place to get good mexican food. Two more meals and i will give this place 5 stars. Taco Nazo in the building!
2	I had the chili rellanos. They came in a swimming fajitas soup. It was really weird but edible, but that being said, i eat anything!  I managed about half of my food. as it left a weird after taste in my mouth (bad cooking oil?) Hubby ate even less of his. Service was quick as my hubby ordered it to go and was at my office in a snap. 2 stars because it was quick and I liked the rice.Recommendations: If you are in need of some Mexican rice quickly this is a great spot
1	I ordered chile rellenos and beans and what I got was chile relleno soup and watered down beans.  you could literally drink the chile rellenos.  worst worst WORST mex in all the valley.
