4	I needed to find a pair of pajamas for an event tonight and ended up here.  This is not the most convenient Target for me but over the years I have found it to be the neatest and best stocked of the stores I can reasonably drive to.  I started out to just pick up a couple of things and almost did not get a cart then realized that would be dumb as I knew I would wander a bit.  I ended up with 4 items total.  It had been a while since I had been in this store, when I first got my apartment it seemed like I was here every week,  and I found everything still neat and well stocked.  In spite of the city of Glendale making "improvements" on Northern there appeared to be the normal amount of customers late on a Thursday.  When the cashier line all of a sudden got long two managers opened up registers to clear the line.I go to Target when I want to get stuff that is a step up from what Walmart carries.  That may be only a perception on my part as I know they are considered direct competitors in the same market.This one gets a 4 not because Target is a great shopping destination but because this particular location has continued to a better than average Target in terms of the shopping experience.
4	I heart Target!!!  They remodeled and move things around.  Looking good!
4	Great prices on their clothing.... Sometimes confusing to find things and sometimes hard to find an associate to help you but all in all a great place to shop....
4	I really like this Target it stays pretty clean,With a nice big parking lot, Also Kohl's is in the same parking lot along with many other stores, The employees here are really helpful and will ask you all the time you need any help or he or she will walk you over to it.
4	This is a great target it's nice and clean all the time very helpful Christmas stuff is here now and looks like it's still coming in making room for more.
1	I've never really favored Target but after the experience I had there, I will never, ever shop at this Target again! I returned a Print Master Disk set with the receipt.  The associate made me feel as if I had stolen it because it had been longer than 60 days. I asked for a manager and the manager was insensitive and obtuse and had an attitude similar to the associate.
4	I came for coffee and creamer...$75 later I came for shoes, shirts, pants, two pair of shoes AND coffee and creamer.. I'm a sucker for their sales! I tend to find the best items when I take random trips at night here!
2	The price tag for the Jimmy Dean Delights turkey sausage bagels said $5.99.  After I got home, I looked at the receipt and noticed I was charged $7.19.  Thanks for the false pricing, Target.  I think that's illegal, too.I'm going to think Twice before I go back to Target.  Might go ahead and close my Red Card too.  Not worth the 5% discount to get overcharged.
3	I love this Target... probably because u am so close to it. This Target is clean inside and well organized. They have well stocked clearance each day. Be mindful to double check when your items are being rang up. (Some times the prices are different).Before they remodeled things were a little out of order. Recently they added the grocery area which is awesome! They have a lot of items stocked as well as a few lower prices than at the grocery store. Inside also is a Chase atm... "food cafe".... portraits studio... pharmacy.
