4	Very helpful and knowledgeable people.If they do not have what you are looking for ask they will see if they can order it in and give you a price.....Shop is also Female friendly. This is important to me because I have 3 daughters and most my gf also shoot.  Prices in store where all great on even lower then most in the area..My only compliant would be there website....Lettering is a bit small, instead of a home button have to find one that says top to get back to beginning...Instore Prices on Ammo are great but again there internet prices on ammo seemed real high on a few brands that I checked out and compared...Was suprised to find a low price though on one of the internet brands that is very pricey at other stores....Over all I could not ask for a better store to go. Please keep in mind they are also only 3 months old and I am expecting great improvements as they grow..THey only carry products that companies are willing to back up in full...They like to carry and represent local business and made in USA products.They can get and do carry some Survival tools and Prepping goods. So looking for MRE's hit them up let them know what you are needing.Need Para Cord or Military Cord this is the place to go..Need that pink .38 Special for the wife odds are they have it..Want that AR airbrushed with Skulls and camo...saw that there also....Check them out and ask questions...but remember if ya ask for a clip odds are you are going to be seeing striper clips if they even make them for your gun...They have many Mags here also for good prices..
5	Walked in here to buy a gun after having terrible service at other gun stores (why does it seem gun stores have the worst customer service). Right when I walked in I was greeted by at least 3 people. They had a limited selection but I found a 1911 I liked. Guy at the gun counter was really helpful and super nice telling me what to look for/stay away from. Finally picked one out, they then suggested good brands and types of holsters for it, magazines, aftermarket accessories etc. and took the time to go through and show me how to disassemble it, where to oil it, and how to put it back together. All the employees in the store were very nice. Will be the only place I buy guns from now on.
5	Friendly, knowledgeable staff - bought what I needed here, and they sent me to someone else to get what they didn't have.Female friendly staff, which is important as my wife wants to take basic firearms classes.They're different from most places I've been in around the East Valley - nice, and helpful. They actually say things like, "Hi, may I help you?" There are a few more (see my other reviews), but you have to look pretty hard to find them.Clean, well-lit shop in a good area, much more like a sporting goods store than what you might expect from a small gun shop.Prices were on par with anything you'd find online.I've owned firearms (limited, a pistol and a shotgun) for 15 years. IF you are a first time buyer, who has a lot of questions you don't want to feel stupid for asking, some good advice, a good sense of humor, and you want to take a class (recommended) to learn about how to handle firearms safely and for sport shooting or personal defense, I recommend Desert Valley Firearms.
