1	The place is dead and life less and has horrible music (it even had commercials in it!). You have to track down the employees to get service. The hookah they gave us had used coals and wasn't working. We explained to the waitress that we did not feel we should have to pay for the hookah because we had to wait forever to get it and it had coals that were already burned...she said we still have to pay. It's very over priced, they have horrible customer service, and I will never go back there!!!!
3	What? I can't see where I'm going. Its all black in there. But they do have cheap drinks and hookah worth your money. It lasts long enough for 3-4 people. Its raging on a weekend with questionable customers who probably got in with a fake ID. Don't get stabbed in the parking lot. Haha.
5	The best hookah lounge I've ever been, Monday 2 Monday, from best hookah 2 affordable drinks and best music......definitely place 2 check out on a Vegas trip!!! I can't imagine anybody saying bad cuz customer service is # 1 @ myxx
1	Open on time and have a dedicated line for your customers to call. Is that too much to ask. I go there 2 hours after the are supposed to be open and they are still closed. So I call the number listed and its some guys cell phone and he doesn't even answer with the name of the place. Just a "yeah" Not dependable with questionable service so can't recommend it.
5	So I finally got the chance to check this place out and I was pleasantly surprised! For whatever reason they don't post regular hours, calling the lounge is pretty useless as well. Interestingly, they have a 10pm-12am happy hour 7 days a week. Happy hour on a Saturday night? Leggo. The hookahs are about $17 regular price (HH: $10) and they all come with a ice tip (for free!) In addition, it seems that if you are a lady and you come in during happy hour you get a free glass of moscato! yay!We ordered the Myxx mix which was great - very minty mix that lasted for a good 45min-1 hour. The lounge itself is pretty big, complete with a full bar and has a nice dance/nightclub vibe to it. We stopped by on a Tuesday around 1am and it was surprisingly busy. Definitely family run, and most of the customers seemed to be regulars. They serve food though we didn't get a chance to try. Overall it was a pretty good experience, check it out if you are in the Chinatown area.
4	I came here a couple times to kick it with some friends. The Hookah might seem expensive, but you can definitely hang there for a good 2-3 hours for 20 bucks. The booths are intimate and ample. Drinks are reasonable and the food is okay. They have a DJ spinning pretty good hip-hop/ethnic music. Bathrooms are clean enough, but I wouldn't recommend eating off the floors.
5	Love this place,  nice music,  lovely people,  and real good hookah .. Try the watermelon vanilla if you like light flavors
2	Decent place but was disappointed. Expected belly dancers and Arabic music...Crowd was also very less...Hookah was ok not great...
5	I don't have anything negative about this place. Not from the area but a big hookah head back home.  I must say this is the cheapest lounge I ever been to in my life. Paid $12 for the house mix with ice and ice tip. That kind of price for a hookah is unheard of in the Bay Area , California.  If I lived here , I Would def be a regular. They played good music. They always came by to check on our hookah , and they packed a great bowl. I must say location is kind of wierd but  overall ..Customer service 5/5 Quality 5/5
1	My boyfriend and I visited this place on a Wednesday night. First thing when you enter there's a sign that says to wait to be seated, but we waited for about 10 minutes looking to see if a hostess or some employee would acknowledge that we were waiting to be seated. A customer walking in finally said that we just sit wherever we see an available seat. We finally find a place to sit, it's takes another 10 minutes for the server to bring us menus, and another 15 minutes goes by and finally the "server" takes our drink and hookah order. We wait another 10-15 minutes to get our hookah, which had a wet hose and only two small pieces of charcoals to start the hookah. The music is so loud and outdated. This place really needs to work on being more attentive to their customers. Horrible service, equally horrible music, and so so hookah. Don't waste your time or money on this place.
4	I dig this place.First time here was a spontaneous decision. Came out of Q Karaoke around 6a but was not ready for the night to end yet. Saw a sign that said "food" and we were reeled in. First impression: dim, bunch of lights, pretty crowded, loud music. Got seated in a booth. Ordered drinks and Ethiopian food that came with injera. Server told us their mom makes the food. Group liked it and even one stated it was better than Merkato's. Overall, told myself I'd come back.Second time: sat ourselves at a booth then ordered a hookah with strawberrry pineapple, two longs islands, and two beers. Let me just say, I might want to smoke hookah more often. It was smooth, tasted good, and lasted forever. Music gave a good vibe that night. Bunch of Reggae and Nigerian music. Dance floor was pretty packed. Good vibes were just being emitted. Cost us $34 for our hookah and drinks. Not bad at all.Service here is amazing. They consistently make sure you're doing fine and they consistently check your hookah and replace the coal. They know how to have fun too.They "close" at 530a but will continue until people leave or the place starts to get bare. Definitely recommend stopping by. Don't be intimated. I admit, it's not the nicest place and there's security around. Last time we were there, there was a guy outside with blood on his face held to the ground. Yikes.Tip: Be careful when you leave. Saw police pull up in the parking lot and was told that police come by, park, and end up following some people to pull over. Just be safe!
5	Good food, hookah, and good people what else could you ask for it's a great place to be
3	It wasn't bad, it wasn't great...just mediocre. Seemed like there were enough people here for more than 1 waitress...also she seemed annoyed. But overall it was ok
