1	Totally unimpressed with this place. The bread was dry and fell apart as I was eating it...I wonder how old it was.....the cheese was sliced so thin you would hardly taste it, the girl behind the counter went CRAZY with the mustard (and the bread was still dry enough to crumble), None of the veggies had any flavor. Will definitely not get a port of subs sandwich again.
4	I've been coming here ever since the place opened in the mid 90's.  I use to live a few blocks away.  Since I moved a couple of years ago, I've only been here once or twice a year.  Since I was in the area, I decided to stop by for lunch today.I ordered the #1 Sandwich (Ham, Salami, Capicolla, Pepperoni & Provolone Cheese) and a bag of Jalapeno Chips.  The Sandwich was made fresh and tasted delicious!Solid experience, just like I remember.Will I return?  When I'm in the area, sure!
3	Had lunch here a couple of weeks ago. I got a meatball griller and my wife got a ham, salami, capicolla, and provolone sandwich. They were both good. It seems like the owner cares about the shop because there were little extras in the decor like a magazine rack and autumn decor which I haven't seen in other Port of Subs. On the downside I saw one of the workers picking her teeth. No customers came in after that so I didn't see if she washed her hands before the next customer. Either way it wasn't real appetizing. I am going to give the benefit of the doubt and assume she did wash her hands and give 3 stars as the sandwiches were good.
5	This Port of subs is very good!  I usually get the #1Sandwich (Ham, Salami, Capicolla, Pepperoni & Provolone Cheese) or the #18 (Roast beef, turkey, provolone) They always do a good job, and the staff is very friendly, seems like alot of them have been there for quite a while!  Only negative is that they don't have fritos........bring back the fritos!!!
1	I had the experience of going to this Port of Sub location. I ordered a sandwich and and was greeted by a lady who represented herself as the owner.  She was very unprofessional while serving me.  I asked for the $5 sandwich and she told me that I was 10 minutes early for that special.  I totally understood and decided to wait the additional 10 to order. As I was waiting I overheard her telling one of the workers,  "Who does he think he is?  Why would we serve him early.  He has to wait like everyone else."  I couldn't understand the attitude by this supposedly, professional who is serving the public? I immediately left and will never be back!
5	Great people work at this location! This is my family and friend's spot!!! I'd say we eat here 2-3 times a week. I chose this location, like always, because everything is fresh and made exactly how I like it :) Never have I had a bad experience here!! Staff knows us by name. Good people and great food!! It can make your day...
2	their subs are just ok.. i feel like I have to add to many things in order to have some flavor...  I went to this particular location and it was kind of dirty. the only good thing is that they always send coupons on the mail for free subs... but even then I would recommend for you to go to one of their competitor.
4	I freakin' LOVE this place!  The subs are DELICIOUS and priced well. The people who work at this location are all very friendly, fast, and helpful. Be sure to get a loyalty card with them. I go so often that I've already gotten tons of free stuff.
3	Staff so nice!  Just had lunch with family here. My 3 yr old loves to get kids meal here (turkey cheese sandwich, cheetos, Oreo, drink) . Very little seating but it's connected to a gas station which is interesting because you have to go into gas station to fill your fountain drink or to use restroom. Good quick place and much better than fast food!
