2	The new owners are wrecking this place. Just returned to Montreal for a short vacation and the staff are way overworked. Won't be going back - it's better in my memories. The food has gone down hill.
1	I have been going to this place for over 20 years.  New management has changed the place for the worse.  The old waiter, who were extremely knowlegable, are all gone replace by mostly females and I am female.  Tonight I arrived at 5:30.  The order was taken at 5:55 and I got my food at 7:05. The place was not fully occupied. Yes, we were a group of Wednesday night regualars,less than 20 people  We have been going to this place for over 5 years. But it was the first time I have waited more than 20 minutes for my food, a streak sub.  I signed a protest tonight which now I wish I did not sign.  The city of Pointe Claire want condos to replace the Pub.  This was the second time I went to this place this week and the slow service was experienced both times.  Customer service is certainly not managements concern any more.  Maybe the city is aware of the serious decline.  I honest do not think that the waitess and her service are at fault.  I believe that management procedures should be revised back.  In the meantime I will avoid this restaurant and not recommend to anyone.
1	Manoir! What happened?  The Manoir used to be a favourite meeting place, the food was brasserie style but good, very good. I can't believe how far down the quality has fallen.  I ordered tilapia.  I found it smelled very fishy and then I tasted it.  I should have known better.  When fish smells fishy?  Something is wrong.  It was bad.  It was so bad that my appetite completely disappeared.  We called the waiter over and he actually tried to argue until I told him to taste it himself.  That ended the argument.  He came back with the "generous" offer of not charging us for the fish.  How kind.  My husband ordered pig's knuckles.  They were grey and rubbery.  Not to be deterred by one disaster, after 2 decades of eating at Le Manoir, we tried again.  Roast beef this time.  Le Manoir was always noted for their roast beef.  It was horrible.  Barely cooked and no taste.  I like my meat rare but this thin piece was still moo'ing.  The veggie sides looked and tasted like they came from a tin.  The fries were greasy and found their way of repeating their performance for a good part of the evening.  The service was abrupt and slow.  I was so disappointed that when a recent hockey dinner was to take place there?  I declined, even though it was included in the cost of my husband's tournament.  Not a chance.  I would rather stay home with a bowl of Alphabits than subject myself to the sub-par food and service again.
4	Surprisingly cheap and good food.Great place to watch the game and have a beer.
2	I've seen Manoir through its full transition. Once upon a time, I could go there with friends and expect the place to be empty by 10:30. We'd have the place to ourselves. It was a great place to grab a decent meal with good drink pricing. Since then, Manoir has turned into a frat house. The food is all reheated/ready made stuff from Costco and m&m. The cheap beer brings about the cegep shmucks, who are fresh out of their parents' basement, to play quarters. They cheer aloud as they spill beer, break glasses and pretend to like UFC to impress their airheaded arm candies. Sinks are now clogged with the puke from the little angels and, if you're lucky, you can catch one of them sprawled on the bathroom floor. The world is a dizzying place when the allowance you get from mommy and daddy can now get you more booze than you can stomach. The bouncers are there only to check IDs and look intimidating. When an actual fight breaks out between american eagle and bench, 6'7" bouncer who can benchpress a tercel is just another bystander.I must, however, acknowledge that pay-per-view UFC events are always on the TVs and I still go there for the terasse.
4	Yes, The Canadian plate is authentic. Meat pie, ragu au boulettes, pork hock and add a pint. Thats the ultimate hungry mans meal at the Manoir. Service is always good. 2 waiters, one for food and the other for beer.
4	What a range of reviews! I went last night and really enjoyed my time. Food was okay, but the atmosphere rocked. Tons of people, the seating area feels like a huge cafeteria and the place was rocking. And if you're a sports fan, you'll never be bored. I was disappointed in the onion soup and my steak was fine. Really inexpensive too. I'll be back.
3	If you in for a casual lunch, or meeting, maybe a bite during a sporting event well this is the place to go. My father has been coming here since he was in high school...1970s, and I've being coming here for the past 12-13 years. It is not the fanciest place around, but for a sporting event or sports watching it is a great place to go. During holidays and weekends there are usually deals on the menu, which makes for a great budget saving day during NFL Sundays...my favourite day!Well to be honest the food is ok, breakfast is my favourite meal or time to here as the lunch and dinner are below my standards for a good meal. But I must say I have no problem coming here for a meal, it will always be a place where I have fond memories, and I place I will continue to visit until I am not longer on this earth.
1	Second time here after a day of golfing. Food is okay, prices okay. Major complaint is service. This is a pub, and it took 20 minutes before someone came to our table and asked if we wanted some drinks. It happened.both times. The place was 75% full, not over packed. Service was so slow and hard to get, i don"'t think i would come here again.
4	Good service, minimal selection on eggs whites and veggies (but it was expected ) portion size decent, fresh coffee and oj with breakfast meal. Nice place to watch the games,  many large flat screens, plays soccer, tennis. Hockey.nice decor, good place to check out in the west island, Very laid back placeFYI : no children allowed
4	Typical local bar/local restaurant with food at a great price. I had a 10 oz steak with potato, salad ans sausage for the price of a regular burger practically annywhere else. and the price is even cheaper on sunday and holidays. salad was g8od with over big veggie pieces. baked potato was just that and the steak was exactly what I would have cooked at home (I'm not a good steak chef, but every one else at the table said it was good). Better than your average. good place to watch the local hockey game too. FyI, the pizzaghetti is just pizza and pasta. fromthe name, I was hoping for some sort of pizza with spaghetti toppings.
3	Price is decent, food is decent, service is rather cold but not unpleasant. I keep getting carded every time even though I look much older than my age. I once even got carded twice in 20 min, the second time while I was actually drinking beer. I mean, at that stage, it's already too late you know ;).The place looks quite amazing in the inside though. Decent sets of TVs but it can get quite loud.
3	Just get the roast beef au jus. It can't be beat for the price. This place is your typical hometown bar/cafe where you casually go with friends for a decent burger or sandwich.
1	Not much to say except that the place has pretty much hit rock bottom since the acquisition by its latest owner.
4	Fantastic breakfast place, great place to watch sports, both inside and out--the portions are absolutely huge.If you're bringing your kids, they'll have to sit outside on the patio.For our visit we were treated to an 80s montage for our meal... I'd probably go back here again, even though it's in PC :)
3	Don't expect too much and you'll be fine, not bad but obviously not great,  good place to group with friends, have some beer and watch sports
3	Definitely a good place to go and watch a game or fight. TVs all over the place. Was filled with energy and the food was decent enough and affordable pricing. Our waiter a young man named Xavier was very lively and informative when we asked about what else was in the area. Had a good experience here even though the establishment apparently  has had some very negative backlash last year for kicking out a gay couple(found this out while we were there and I was researching what was good to order). I did not however experience any homophobia while there, but given what the establishment has done, the likelihood of my returning is slim.
1	A disappointment, and in sad shape. It's not the brasserie it used to be. Having not been in almost 15yrs, I had been looking forward to my visit, and although the waiter was charming and supper friendly, host(?) Head waiter was rude & disrespectful about people standing. Was there for a reunion dinner and the rudeness from this person was disrespectful. The space itself is in a sorry state, men's bathroom looked like a dirty men's locker room and as it was raining outside, the roof was leaking. The food itself was well portioned and acceptable, for bar food. Sad to say, although I have great memories, that's all I have.....
3	Nice West-Island bar. Great patio with lots of TVs in the summer. Cheap beer. Food is decent but could be better. Good for sports events. Definitely better than bar hymus across the street.
