5	I had a badly sprained foot back in '97.  Shane worked with me over the course of about 2mos to rehabilitate my foot. His knowledge of physical therapy was rock solid back then and his personality made the appointments actually enjoyable. I highly recommend his services if you have an injury which requires PT.
5	Great clinician - provides care according to the current best clinical evidence.  Many don't.  If you you a spine problem, Dr. Shane Sullivan is a great choice!
3	Front desk staff likes to help without a smile...  They are the first contact with this establishment.  A little smile would be nice.  They're all young and just plain inexperience.Scheduling staff is very efficient and very helpful, they work with you and give you all the info needed.The doctors and PA's are awesome!  They know what they're talking about and when asked for a clearer, in layman's terms explanation, they take the time to explain what the problem is and how they are planning to resolve the problem.Now if we can only improve on the reception issue... :)
5	This is my second referral to SpineScottsdale but for two different problems.  The first time it was because of a pulled muscle in my neck.  Shane and his staff were great.  I went to them for about 6 to eight visits and by the time Icompleted my visits I was pain free.  Recently I was referred to Shane for a pinched nerve in my back. He and his staff are the greatest and my back and leg feel great.  Shane has a great working environment for his staff and they all do an outstanding job in physical therapy and their customer service skills are the best.  Everyone from the front desk to all of the therapists and techs and Shane have a great attitude and make you feel very welcome.  Plus the end results for me have been exactly what I expected.I would highly recommend SpineScottsdale.Bill P.
5	Shane and his team are top notch.
5	My first time her as referred by a friend. I injured my SI joint badly and have had extreme sciliac nerve pain for 3 weeks. Shane is brilliant and recognized the issue after my exam and gave me homework exercises which relieved the pain after the first day! I am so happy
4	Shane and his team are wonderful.  I have been seeing him for the last 2 weeks for severe pain in my neck.  The staff is very attentive at every moment, you never feel like you are waiting, they move you from table to table to work out efficiently.  Tho I am not pain free yet, I am getting better.  Thank you SSPT!
5	I was referred to SpineScottsdale by my primary physician and I was reluctant to go as I had such severe pain in my lower back and legs that I thought I would probably require surgery. After my Doctor strongly suggested for the second time that  I go to see Shane and his therapists I made an appointment.I spent a few minutes with Adam when I arrived and within minutes he seemed to know exactly what my problem was. After one hour of therapy I walked out with no pain for the first time in months. I am so glad I decided to give therapy a try and that the results have been better than I would ever have imagined. The entire staff is professional and pleasant and the facility is super clean and very well organized. I have been there 3 times now and have been seen in less than 5 minutes of arrival each visit.
5	I am writing this update to reflect my latest experience at Scottsdale Spine. My last treatment was December 19th. and as usual I had less pain after the session. When I woke up on December 22nd. I was amazed that I was able to walk and move with almost zero discomfort. It is now 14 days later and I feel virtually pain free. I must say I am delighted with my situation and believe there would never have been such an improvement without the help from Scottsdale Spine. I am continuing to do the exercises that I learned during my therapy sessions. Hopefully I will not have any setbacks regarding my back issues, however if I do I will certainly return to Scottsdale Spine for more therapy. Recently I was telling a neighbor of mine about my experience and he had also been a client there and was totally impressed with Shane and his staff as well.
