4	They just recently open up two locations near me and they are always very busy with the excitement of the new food. Don't let the lines worry you they move pretty quick. They have a lovely assortment of treats as well as sandwiches, soups, and breads. I had the tuna, it was not to my particular liking but I tried a little of everyone else's soups and sandwiches and all were very tasty. The menu is large with many options to chose from so grab a menu while standing in line to help with your decisions. You can also call ahead or use the drive thru :)
3	The desserts must be good because the sandwiches are disappointing. I really want to like this place but I've eaten here twice and was not impressed. Processed meat, bland flavor, and lots of mayo.   Just not my kind of food I guess. My wife had the same impression.  I'm hoping for some better food options in Queen Creek.
3	Quality control is not so good here. Watery smoothie, overcooked noodles.  Sad considering we usually love kneaders.  I'm sure being a new store might be a factor. Will update review at a later visit.
5	We were thrilled when Kneaders opened in Queen Creek closer to our house, as it's our favorite breakfast spot. We visited last week for the first time on a Thursday to avoid the weekend crowd and were just as impressed as we were with the Gilbert locations. Service was fast, the French Toast (our favorite) was yummy as always and came to the table quickly. We love that the French Toast and pancakes are all you can eat because our 2 year old can eat from our plates and really fill up. Their breakfast is one of the few sure things we know he'll eat tons of. We will definitely be back soon!
2	Overpriced and not worth it. Husband and I got two sandwich combos with dessert and it $30. Sandwiches were small and just disappointing. We don't have many choices out here in QC, so when this opened and we saw how packed it was, w e thought it had to be amazing. But it was just disappointing. Broccoli cheddar soup had no flavor.Save the money and go make your own sandwich at home. Service was great and people were friendly. But Probably Won't Be Back.
2	I ordered a crab roll that was advertised on a sigh as being made with REAL crab. The sandwich was obviously made from imitation crab. When I asked the manager about it he argued with me saying it was a combination of imitation and real crab.  If there was ANY real crab in the sandwich it was not apparent.  I buy real crab meat often and know what it looks like and more importantly what it tastes like. I took a picture of the sign advertising the sandwich.  The sign says, "real crab, real shrimp, real good".  There was no price on the sign.  The situation really turned me off.  The sign was a blatant lie.  I have sent a comment to their corporate office but expect to receive the basic auto reply apology.  The highlight of the visit was the chocolate dome dessert that I split with my friend.  It was VERY good.  The manager did replace my sandwich with something else but it wasn't until after defending the use of imitation crab and my having to say, "I am not satisfied".  I might give them another try at some point but for now I'm really turned off and disappointed that they feel the need to blatantly lie about ingredients in their food.
3	A little too pricey for sandwiches. The taste was decent, but nothing spectacular. My sandwich contained very little meat for what I payed (around $9). I feel like I will stick to the paradise bakery for more bang for my buck. Lastly, service was pretty poor. The gentleman that took our order was very short and being new to this place we were a little put off since we were new to their menu and had a few questions.
2	Not impressed. Overpriced. Mediocre coffee.What kind of cafe doesn't have wifi, anyway?
4	Im sure there are items on the menu that arent as great as others however most of the items I've ever ordered are really good - Turkey Bacon Avocado on Foccacia Sandwich (loaded with real turkey, not sliced crap), Turkey and Artichoke Panini (loaded), Cannoli, Double Fudge Brownie (great balance of chocolate frosting on brownie), Chocolate Mousse Dome Cake (nom nom nom a favorite), French Toast (heavenly). This location is fairly new so all the harsh reviews on here about the service seem unfair. I've had quiet a few questions myself the handful of times I've been and have always received helpful advice etc. Been through the drive thru multiple times and it has always been surprisingly quick regardless of time. Always love the atmosphere partly because this location isn't crammed with people like the one on Baseline is = woot woot! The one thing I've ordered that I wouldn't order again is the Chicken Salad Sandwich on Croissant - def not good especially when most people compare this place to Paradise B. I'll be coming back again and again!
1	We ordered the Chicken panin and Tuna. What a waste of money. Awful! Will never return.  Paradise is 1000 times better.
2	I came to Queen Creek to visit my son and was thrilled to see kneaders Bakery & Cafe less than 2 miles from his home. I had never been to a Kneaders before, but I have to believe that management has to do with the poor food quality.  The sandwiches aren't cheep, but I will pay for a quality ingredients. Not so with the Ruben sandwich I bought. First thing I thought was 'where's the beef'?  I opened the sandwich to find 2 extra thin slices of pastrami in it!  Awful. I also ordered a broccoli soup and requested some cheddar cheese. The manager told me he didn't have any. Cut and dry! My order was to go so I didn't get to complain about the sandwich.  I also bought some pastries. The double chocolate brownie and chocolate chip cookies were good, as was the raspberry croissant.  But the chocolate croissant was terrible. There was a scant amount of chocolate in it!  Pastries were expensive. If the manager thinks that his profit margin will be bigger by skimping on ingredients, he's in for a big surprise. I will not be going back!  I think a lot of people will feel the same way!
1	Overpriced. Several times I have ordered a sandwich and one entire half has had no meat. They are careless and try to go to fast and it comprises the food. They smother everything  in mayo. Was excited for a new place out here but am always disappointed.
2	They are extremely slow and kind of expensive. Employees all look like they are standing around.
5	What a great fine. Both my sister and I had the French Toast which was so good but we could of shared it. It was only two pieces of bread but it was a very thick cut and came with whip cream and fresh strawberries and a syrup that was homemade and tasted like a homemade cinnamon syrup. Worth the trip for sure
4	I just drove through the Queen Creek location because I wanted a quick breakfast sandwich and they didn't disappoint. I ordered a bacon egg and cheese croissant for $4.49. I got it home and put it on a plate and it was still very hot and the best way to describe it is to say it looked completely homemade. It was on a large croissant soft n warm, lots of thick, delicious bacon, cheese and two real fried eggs. I thought it was a little bit expensive but it was quite tasty I'll probably go back and try the chicken salad sandwich on a croissant next time.
4	This place is amazing! They have fresh made food and huge portions. Their bread is some of the best I've ever had. My husband and I have been to Kneaders twice now, this location and the one in Yuma and it does not disappoint! We split the turkey, bacon and avacado on foccaccia bread because it's so much food. Their sweet breads are phenomenal as well. We will definitely return!
5	Tons of people say the sandwiches have very little meat but I disagree. I love this place! best french dip I've ever had (with plenty of meat inside)! Smoothies are also great! They're super quick with orders!
