4	I had the pleasure of spending the NFL's opening weekend at The Ainsworth, which just opened on September 4, 2012.  Our buddy had his bachelor party in Vegas, and what better way to cap it off than an entire day of football and hot 5 way action (parlays, that is).  In a town that caters to everyone's vices, it's hard to believe that Vegas lacked an upscale sports bar with food and in-house sports book.  Thankfully, The Ainsworth has transplanted their successful sports bar in NYC to the Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas.  Just be sure you make reservations for your group ahead of time.  We had reservations for 10AM and stayed until the last game, as did a majority of the other tables.  Also, the table must run a $50/person minimum tab (food and drinks), but if you're staying for the morning and afternoon games, this won't be an issue.  The food menu consists of your standard bar food:  wings, fries, burgers, and an assortment of sliders - all ranging from $10 to $17.  Beers were around $7 and cocktails ranged from $11-$15.  I took off one star because of the space's design.  I'm gonna try and paint a mental image here, so hopefully this will help you picture the space in your mind.  I've also added some photos to help.  The wall above the bar houses one large flat-screen flanked on both sides by 4 smaller flat screens.  The perimeter wall directly opposite the bar is lined with 5 tables and 5 smaller flat-screens.  In between the bar and the perimeter wall is empty space for the standing room crowd.  Most sports bars elevate the tables and chairs along the perimeter walls on a raised surface.  They do this so your view isn't obstructed by people standing between you and the TVs.  The tables at Ainsworth are at ground level, so you maybe jockeying for viewing position with folks standing by the bar.  The photos were taken before the game started - so people were just starting to enter.  The crowd was only an issue for the first couple hours as the standing room crowd started to dwindle as the games progressed.  Luckily, the manager will be more than happy to put on whatever game you want on the TV directly above your table, in case your view is obstructed.  Otherwise, it's an easy fix if they decide to make a design change.
4	Nice little bar at the HardRock hotel
5	Just watched the playoff's here this past weekend and it couldn't have been better.Good food and nice place to watch a game; there is even a mini sports book inside! We watched all the games and got really good service even though we sat there for like 2 hours after we were done eating.
4	I'm not sure if this was a "typical" evening at the Ainsworth, as we were there for a private party, but it was a cool little bar & lounge.  For our party, there was a good dj, and silhouette dancers projected onto the tv screens (I'm assuming those screens usually show sports and the like). The drinks were good and reasonably priced by Strip standards.  My only complaint was that it seemed under-ventilated for the party space (no air conditioning), so it got quite hot, quite fast. I was sweating all night!  I guess they weren't expecting a big group of people dancing the night away!
4	Great $5 happy hour drink specials in a relaxed atmosphere. Well, assuming it isn't a game night. Otherwise, it's a zoo. Worth stopping in when it's not packed though (unless that's your thing) because it's a nice change from the usual spots inside the hotel when you want to grab a beverage and chill out for an hour.
4	Not bad for a Saturday night ..no cover and decent hip hop music ..small dance floor but it wasn't packed ..weird crowd of mostly over 40 year old white people ..obviously nothing wrong with white people ..I just wouldn't have expected that kind of crowd with that kind of music ..drinks weren't terribly priced (vodka/soda + vodka/monster = $19) but the shots were pricey (some kind of lemony shot for $10 a piece)
3	It's located inside the Hard Rock casino. I went there on a Tuesday night they happened to have a happy hour at 8pm. It included $5 well drinks (house drinks, not everything) and $5 domestic beers. The place is nice, not too big the bar only had about 8-9 seats. They have another bar in the middle of the place looking straight towards the karaoke stage(more like a step with a mic) and the big screen TVs.I'm not a big fan of TVs in the bars like this one, but I guess they should have them for the karaoke night. That night they were playing "Wedding Crashers" and "The Dark Kight", to me this is not a great use of big screens in a bar like this one.The drinks were good and you should always ask for a tall glass, since it's the same price but is bigger :)Don Julio will cost you $12 in regular hour and the cocktails will be $15.Good place to hang out for a while but boring on Tuesdays
4	Wandered into this lounge last Friday to enjoy happy hour ($5.00 well, wine and beer) and a singer doing a solo version of dueling pianos.  You pick a song from his song book and tip him and he will sing it.  He even seemed to deviate a bit from the book when asked if he could.  He was pretty good and versatile, even throwing in some Brittany Spears.The drinks are smallish but not weak.  The location is good and the staff very friendly.  This may be a new Friday night hang out for us.
3	Had to downgrade this place a bit after dining on a groupon 3/23/13.  I still like this place and the manager and assistant manager are great.  But our waitress was more into talking to the guys a few tables down than paying much attention to us.  Our food arrived ice cold and was served to us.  I couldn't get the waitress' attention so I found a manager who took it back.  However, I later heard him stating that the food couldn't have been cold since it had just come out. If that was the case, the server must have stopped at the minus 5 bar first because the tater tots, chicken and cheesesteak were actually cool to the touch, not even luke warm.  Anyway, while we were waiting for round two,our waitress came up and said "we checked your food and it was cold so we didn't want to serve it like that so we are getting you new food."  This was funny since they did serve it like that and I was the one who took it to the manager.  Still, we were treated to a shot which was classy.  However, the food arrived and it was clear they took our food and reheated it. The cheesesteak which had the cheese on top when it arrived now had it melted and mixed, the rolls for the cheesesteak were stale on the ends, the tater tots were hot but overcooked and the chicken was dry.  I will take up the groupon issues later with groupon directly.We had a great time drinking for a few hours after though so for a bar, this place still rocks but our dining experience was disappointing.  Drinks are, like most hot venues, pricey (14-15 per special drink, 10-14 for well) except happy hour (see previous review.)I do shout out again to the manager and assistant manager who assisted with reservations and handled our problems well.
1	I wish I could write a review that matched the service, but that would mean stopping right before I finish and letting someone in a terrible mood finish the review.Before I plow into that stuff, here is the important parts: Food: reheated, terribly average for the price.  We noticed the mac and cheese had a Cheez-it crust (weird the diner mere 25 feet away serves that exact dish for $5.99) yet the Ainsworth's was dry and needed more cream, I had a burger and the bun looked like it had been smashed and the avocado was so brown it looked rotten, sirloin sliders were pathetic (but we only tried those because they messed up the order and sent it by mistake).  Menu itself is pretty small.  Go to Mr. Lucky's and get the food warm and with fresh condiments.Drinks: watered down and served in Vegas style tiny juice glasses.  I would get one and save yourself the trouble, or just get one from the cocktail servers on the floor of the casino.Service:  we had a wonderful waitress who was personable and fun...but after we had asked for nightclub suggestions, she suggested only one, but minutes later the guy (wearing an Ainsworth t-shirt, trucker hat) who had shown us to our table came over and said "I heard you ladies want to know about clubs for tonight."  How great right?!  Skoti as his card said (which also says he's the marketing and social media manager for the Ainsworth) told us he could get us bottle service at the hottest nightclub for that night, the same one our waitress suggested (go figure!)....off the property.  And not only that but it would be COMPED!  We would just have to pay tax and gratuity (only $175) to HIM, not the club.  And just to make sure we got in, he was going to leave the Hard Rock, take a cab with us, accept payment on our behalf outside the nightclub...all out of kindness and great service.Apparently, we look like idiots.  When we started asking questions he threw out, "this is Vegas, this is how it works, you pay me then I pay them" & "no one has questioned this deal before."Thankfully, we were born at night, but not the night before, so we decided to finish what we could and get the check and go.  Only now, the nice waitress was gone, she didn't even make eye contact with us (not even to bring the water and drink refills we had been waiting half and hour for)...we now had some angry server who had zero patience for us trying to split the bill to pay with cash.  Sadly, we hauled ass out of there and cringed every time we had to walk by the rest of our trip.  I hope someone from the Paige Group in NY sees this and realizes they have an employee who is tainting their Vegas outpost by trying to take money under the table from guests.
1	Disappointing.I came in for the $5 happy hour, ordered two basic cocktails (1 spirit+soda mixer) each were charged at more than twice the posted price and nothing was done to fix it. The extra money won't kill anyone but dishonesty in any establishment should not be condoned.Furthermore, when I expressed my disappointment with the manager he told me that a dark'n stormy had sloe gin in it among many other ingredients which have no place in such a cocktail. It's rum and ginger beer, any bartender should know that.http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dark_'N'_Stormy
4	They make this bar a pretty nice little lounge late night, I enjoyed our down and relaxing time there. We negotiated the bottle price with the host, they agreed to give us $300 for a 720ml Ketel one, including 4 monsters, mixers and tips, not bad huh... But it was just a small lounge after all, they needed bottle business. :) Of course we couldn't finish that bottle, ended up having people over to help us drink it up. Everybody was nice, polite and fun. The couple at the table next to us gave us champagne, we gave them our vodka, very friendly crowd! They have a DJ spinning, a small dance floor, it was not crowded at all, that's why I love small lounges, much better than night clubs, and less super drunk and aggressive guys too. Our waitress was very attentive, she made sure we had what we needed the entire night, great job, and she was very pretty too. A good place for low key night out, couple times or friends hangout.
5	Top notch staff and they are hot , the GM Tommy is super cool and the atmosphere is real chill I will visit this spot everytime I'm in Vegas , the food is pretty good too.
1	This place just sucks. The first night we came they said we should come in cause they were open late. Once we sat for 20 minutes waiting for a server to come and even say hello to us they told us the kitchen was closed 40 minutes ago. Came back the next day to see if it was just a bad day and was told to put out our cigar but cigarettes were ok, the drinks we got were terrible and the service couldn't wait to kick us out. Love the HRH but will never come here again. :(
2	Came here to try one of there specialty drinks. When I walked in the manager was having a shot with a patron. There were no bartenders in sight. The manager watched us walk in and totally ignored or presence and proceeded to walk out of bar. We say in this dark coffin of a room bar for over 10mins with no one asking if we wanted anything. It wasn't until we asked the bus boy if they were open or anything and he said NO WE CLOSED AWHILE AGO. .WTF
1	I have been sitting here for 15 min and NO ONE HAS COME OVER TO TAKE A DRINK OR FOOD ORDER. I am watching the waitress chat and laugh ignoring customers... KOMP radio  gave us free 25 dollar food and drink for Thursday night football which I would love to use.  A girl finally came over we made eye contact and I smiled she smiled back and than proceed to help everyone around us BUT US. Someone finally came over and seemed confused that we where winner but hopefully it works out she was pleasant and I wasn't the nicest to her at first.
3	The Ainsworth is a swanky sports bar in the LV HARD ROCK Hotel.. The drinks are very good, the bar service is great and the decor is beautiful..  There is live music  later and daily drink specials Sunday through Friday.
3	This is a sports bar in the early to mid-evening, which appears to change into a lounge later at night (they have a DJ booth, small dance floor, and were advertising live music). I was not there after 9pm, so not sure how it changes. On a Friday night at 7pm we had no problem getting a table (the tables are nicely set-up and could set groups well). This could be a very fun place to relax later in the evening, especially since they had some great drink specials.The drinks were fine. We had a TravelZoo deal for 6 cocktails for $30---which was about right for the drinks we got.  I ordered the Blind Stud, which was grapefruit vodka, absinth and ginger beer. It was good, but a little sweet. My companion ordered the Hot and Spicy Margarita.  They were out of jalapenos, but our server went to the kitchen after bringing our drinks and got her a side of sliced jalapenos--it was fine, slightly spicy, but a little too sweet.  We finished our night there were a few extra dirty martinis, that were not dirty at all (we had to ask for extra olive juice to be brought out since they were mostly just vodka). Overall, the quality of the drinks was ok, but if I had paid $15 per drink I would have been disappointed.
2	Found it comical that the music being played was intended to mimic a live, scratching DJ though there wasn't one to be found.The table we sat at was ready to collapse--and this place is relatively new to the Hard Rock.  Beer list is small.  Prices are high.  Service is ok.  I like the look of it, but I'm not pining to go back.
1	Ok. So I have run bars for 12 years.  This place originally caught my eye after an Andrew dice clay show at vinyl.  Guitarist was great.  Atmosphere pretty good.  No coors light wtf.  I guess they sold out to Budweiser.  Not cool.  So having a pretty good time dancing in front of the guitarist playing sublime.  Not getting crazy or anything and the GM wants to call security on my friend because "he's intoxicated".  Yes. HES IN A BAR IN A CASINO!   Duh. He was by no means being inappropriate or out of hand.  From running bars I know the difference.  After security gets there I talk to security and assure them that nothing is wrong.  Well GM bullshits and gets my boy kicked out.  Total douche move.  Even after I talk to him and try to reason he becomes even more of a fucking asshole and kicks me out for "talking rowdy".  Really??   I'd like to see him outside and show him "ROWDY".  This place is not part of Hard Rock and should be kicked to the fucking curb!!!
