5	Last week I suffered what every business traveler fears most - a medical emergency while on the road. Just as we were getting on to the plane to Vegas, I popped some gum into my mouth in anticipation of the ascent. At the exact moment I heard the door shut, I felt a pop in my mouth and realized my permanent crown had just separated from my tooth. Thankfully, there was no pain so I decided not to cause a scene and debark and went ahead to Vegas. As soon as I got to the hotel, I asked the concierge if they knew of a local dentist. They gave me a flier for All Smiles so I called and was pleasantly surprised they could fit me in the same day. This place is fantastic - great staff. Very clean facility. The Dr. saw me, assessed the situation, took an x-ray just to be safe, and then went ahead and re-cemented my crown on. All said and done, I called to make my appointment around 1pm and was already back to the hotel by 5:30PM. I spent the rest of the week enjoying great food and not worrying about my darned tooth!
4	They have always been awesome... i am such a nervous wreck when it comes to the dentist and they always seem to calm my nerves and i walk out of there very happy.  Always punctual and get everything done in a timely manner... I have never had a complaint!  Very happy
5	I highly recommend All Smiles Dental.Over the years I have developed a fear of the dentist; however, the staff at All Smiles Dental and Dr. Dean have put my fears to rest. I know I am in good hands with these professionals. The office is exceptionally clean. The staff are very welcoming and ensure that your visit is comfortable. I had two visits the past two weeks and both times I waited no longer than five minutes. The dental hygienist was very gentle and took the time to educate me on how to enhance the health of my teeth. I did have to have some work done and honestly, I felt no pain and was relatively relaxed. Dr. Dean takes time to connect with his patients and always checks in during any procedure to make sure you are not feeling any pain. He has a good sense of humor too and laughter certainly makes things easier to handle. Dr. Dean's extraordinary attention to detail and meticulous nature serve him well. The corrections he made on some previous dental work I had that created problems no longer exists and I am comfortable once again. Lastly, the office always follows up with you the next day to ensure you are pain free and satisfied. I no longer fear the dentist and no longer put off my regular cleanings.
5	Very nice, friendly and comforting office staff and the dentist is also very knowledgeable and thorough. I very highly recommend this office to anyone!!  I am very grateful to be feeling better :) :).  Two thumbs up and a very big Thank You to All Smiles Dental and Dr. Dean!! :)You guys are the best!!
5	This dental office is like a hidden gem. You walk in to a reception that looks more like a cozy living room then a sterile dental office. You are greeted by super friendly ladies. The office is exceptionally clean and i LOVE the tv in front of all the dental chairs. As you are sitting and waiting for your mouth to get numb they even ask if you want the remote for the tv, thats what i call service :). For me i was super happy, watching HGTV while getting my dental work done definitely puts me more to ease. Im absolutely not a dental work fan, as soon as i sit down into a dental chair my heart races i feel like my breathing is heavier. But with one of my favorite channels HGTV, the exceptional friendly, calming staff and a dentist that clearly CARES for his patients, my visit to the dentist has never been as... Enjoyable. As much as one can enjoy being at the dentist hehe. I LOVE this dental office, the staff and Dr. Dean! I will definitely be back. Thank you so much to you all. You are very much appreciated!!! :)
5	Today I had my second cleaning for the year at All Smiles Dental and it prompted me to remember to write this review... because the fact that I have now begun to voluntarily go back to the dentist on a regular schedule is a miracle in and of itself!  A little over six months ago I went to All Smiles Dental to get a long overdue cleaning as well as a general exam for what I was sure would lead to extensive work due to the time lapse that had occurred since my last visit to a dentist, and some pain that needed to be addressed.  Sure enough, I was in pretty bad shape.  I ended up needing a ton of work that I chose to spread out over two visits.  I have had a fear of the dentist for as long as I can remember, and I make it worse by not going regularly.  Dr. Dean ended up thoughtfully and thoroughly explaining all that I needed done and the importance of keeping my teeth and mouth healthy.  I trusted him and knew that if I was going to try and be brave enough to get through all of this, I was glad that it would be him working on me.  My visits have been as comfortable as they possibly can be for a scaredy-cat like me. The entire staff is kind and considerate and I felt very taken care of by everyone.  There are T.V's in every room and I watched my fair share of HGTV, which was a nice touch and a helpful distraction!  The office itself is immaculate and very soothing and cozy for a dentist office.  Above all else though, I love Dr. Dean and think he is an amazing dentist.  Not only is he great at the dentistry aspect, he does an awesome job at making you feel comfortable and you are able to trust him and be at ease.  For me, that is the biggest bonus and why I am so happy to have discovered him.  I highly recommend All Smiles Dental and Dr. Dean!!!
5	Dr. Jonathan Dean and his staff are excellent.  Easy to book an appointment, on time. Answer all questions thoroughly and quality work. Had my first dental implant by Dr. Dean... and I am really happy.  Highly recommended!
2	I was so disappointed with this visit. I was scheduled for a one pm appointment, the last one since it was on a Saturday. I guess the assistant ( and yes not the dentist!) was in a hurry coz I could feel that she wanted to get things done and because of that she kept dropping things. And my gosh, the mere suctioning she can't get it right! I was practically soaked! But other than that; the job was done right and I guess that's the thing that matters most.
