5	Ok, I rarely give a full five stars but I'm going out on a limb and doing it here. I went in on Wednesday night and surprised the owners as they were putting some finishing touches on before opening the following day. I grabbed a menu and told them I would be back for their soft opening.So before I left on my vacation the next day I went in to grab a bite. We were not disappointed. We had two orders of Pad Thai (one tofu and the other chicken) and I must say thank you so much for finally making a flavorful yet perfectly spicy pad thai for me. The curry pastries they have are outstanding and based off of these items I have become a loyal customers. The owners were great and super welcoming. After speaking with them I learned they will build on the limited decor and make this a place known for quality. If you are tired of being disappointed when you go out or want to have something other than your typical fast food options do yourself a favor and try this delicious new place.
4	I have been waiting for this place to open for a longgggg time now. Finally went tonight and I ordered the pot stickers and pad kee Mao. The pot stickers are great! Nice and not soggy. I ordered a level 8 and I don't think it was very spicy at all. So next time I will need to get a 9 or 10. I used to go to Gaati but they have new owners and it is just not the same. So far I like this place. Hopefully this will be my new Thai spot.
5	So happy a good thai place has opened closeby. It was around 4 when I went and it wasn't busy but I knew that they had just recently opened their restaurant. I ordered the basil chicken and it was really good! The service was fast and the guy working was really nice, always a plus.
5	The Lucky chicken appetizer is a fried chicken wings and drummettes in a special sauce, good but nothing special. The pineapple fried rice is very good. Phad see ewe is also very good, in line with other Thai places. We're from Seattle and would come here again.
5	Great Thai food! My boyfriend and I were loyal customers to Thai House down the street but have been disappointed lately with their food. This restaurant definitely supersedes Thai house by far. Extremely friendly staff and great food. We had the Pad Thai and egg rolls- they were awesome!
5	Excellent service! Friendly staff. Delicious eats. And super cheap too :) def try this place out!!!!
5	This is gonna be our goto Thai restaurant. Very friendly service. Food is fairly priced. Fast service. I always order the Crab Fried Rice and Pad See Eew and Tom Yum as a standard to evaluate any Thai restaurant and this is close to it. Just opened on 10/9/2014 so the place not as decorated and menu is plain. Recommend this place!
5	Went again tonight and tried the chicken curry. Again I had a fantastic meal. I ordered a 10 for spice level and it wasn't quite a 10 but I do understand at a certain point there is a trade off between spicy and flavorful and my dish did not disappoint there. It was delicious and I even had enough left over for lunch tomorrow. Again I had great service and the staff was friendly.  The food and staff set it apart from the other Thai restaurants in the area and their prices make it a great destination for frequent visits.
3	I really want to love this place since it is close to my house and my favorite place is 25 mins from my house.  I tried it for the first time yesterday and got take out.  The person that took my offer was very nice.  Pad Thai with chicken .. just ok.. not much flavor.  Chicken Cashew good and Tom Kha Gai soup not much taste, could not even taste the coconut base or lemon grass and the consistency was "thick" :(.  I will try again for a lunch special.  I have high hopes for them!
5	Great service, came in and ordered take out.Haven't tried to call.Things done wrong: curry was in a form container and it spilled a bunch/beef jerky was dry/why does every thai place skimp on white rice?After all that still 5 stars because,Things done right: all of it tasted awesome, dried jerky and all/right price each thing around 9$/enough for lunch tomorrow/server spoke english wellOrdered pineapple chicken fried rice/basil vegetable fried rice/panag vegetable curry/beef jerky.Definitely going back!
5	Food is very good! Owners are extremely nice and kind! Serves wine and beer also! Must try and must go to! =)
5	I really hope these guys do well! We need a good restaurant in this area:) My children and I had the Tom Ka soup and the miso soup both were delicious! The Tom Ka Soup had just the right amount of shrimp and they were a good size to boot! The staff was very family-friendly and the service was good. Looking forward to coming back to try the Pad Thai and their red curries!  Mmm I just Love Love Thai! Yes, I think maybe I'll marry it!!  Tee hee..
4	Nice little place.. Food is good and it's close to my house. Tom yum soup is really good.. Lunch special is a nice portion..
5	Updated review, food is great, great price, and called to over the phone for pick, it worked fine and the food was ready when I got there, quick.
4	Have been here once or twice a week since I don't live too far away!While my main favorite is the Pad See Ew, I've also enjoyed the Pineapple Fried Rice and Pad Thai! Everything is made fresh to order! I get a takeout most times and the food comes out in less than 15 minutes.I usually get a 4 (out of 10) for the Pad See Ew and its just right on the spice! Enough spice to elevate the dish but not spicy to the point that my eyes are watering. I think the only negative to the dish is that for me there is more broccoli compared to noodles. (Might just have been on most recent order, I don't keep track of this all the time.)I look forward to trying more things from the menu. Thats if I don't break my Pad See Ew habit!
5	Just ordered to go and just finished eating so here's what we think! Ordered red curry chicken, Mongolian beef, crab rangoons and beef jerky. We got a five and six spicy but will probably order higher next time but the lady gave extra chili so it worked out perfectly. The beef jerky was really tender and the crab rangoons were delish. Long story short ALL of the 4 things were very tasty and full of flavor. This is by far the best thai food around (ive eaten a lot of thai food too)and can't beat the prices too! $35 for everything. Will definitely be bl going back
5	As an avid Thai food eater I reluctantly ordered from Lucki after seeing such favorable reviews... And let me tell you it did live up to the hype!!Simply outstanding food. We tried the Thai beef salad, spicy basil chicken, and spicy eggplant beef. All of them were spot on and up there along the best Thai food we have had in the last 10 years.Spice level (we ordered 10) was just right.I'm not a fluent reviewer but this experience deserved it.Give this place a try and it won't let you down!!WHAT A GEM!!!
4	Really good local Thai food. Their spicy chart is spot on. Everything had a great kick. We ordered chicken chow mien, shrimp pad Thai , Kung pao chicken, pineapple fried rice, beef jerky, Tom yum soup, and sweet and sour chicken. The chow mein wasn't great, prob won't order again. But everything else was really good with lots of flavor. They have a nice staff and bonus points for delivery service. Only complaint is that their menu has no explanations or pictures so u have to ask what each item is if your not familiar
5	This place is a family owned Thai restaurant and has only been opened 4 weeks and the food is AMAZING! My group got a few different plates and everything was so good! The male server was so polite and professional, our drinks were never empty and the portions are pretty large. Their place is a bit small and we had to wait for seating but these guys hustle and the wait was so worth it!!!
1	Over priced really bad Thai food.  Don't waste your time even trying it.  We were at the grocery store and walked out and decided to give it a try.  The soup was lukewarm.  Most of the vegetables weren't even cooked.  For what we ended up paying there and what we got we will never go back.
5	Great thai food. Hands down. Service is amazing and friendly. Now the food let me tell you it's fabulous and you can choose what level spice you want from 1-10. Wifey and I do level 6. Fresh food always.
5	This place is amazing!! Chicken pad see ew! Shrimp fried rice ! Yummmmm I ate to fast before I got to take a picture lol
4	I came back for a 2nd try and everything I ordered was yummy!  Tom Kha Gai soup, Egg Drop soup, Pad Sea Ew and Cashew Chicken... I am so glad we have a yummy Thai place in the neighborhood!!
4	2nd time coming here, ive so far tried their pad see ewe and red curry. Both were good. But tonight i ordered the red curry and it was just all bad. It was as bland as could be. It was basically water with my chicken and vegetables. Im hoping this place wont be inconsistent with their food in the long run. So besides tonights big miss, ill still give it 4 stars because of the first time I went, and because I believe this place will be great.
5	I had been waiting for this restaurant to open, expecting delicious Thai food, one of my favorite types of food.  Lucki Thai did not disappoint.  The food was delicious.  They have an excellent seasoning blend for the Veggie Lucki Thai Fried Rice dish.  Not all Thai places have such great seasoning.  I remember about two Thai places whose rice tasted this great.  Sigh...now I'm hooked.  :-)  The staff are friendly and treated me well.  Please dine here if you like positive experiences.
5	Came here based on Yelp reviews, and it lived up to the hype! Pad thai was excellent, and my wife's yellow curry was really good as well!
5	Soooo GOOD!!! This is definitely in my top 3 of Thai restaurants...my boyfriend and I ordered Wonton Soup, Pineapple Fried Rice, and Seafood Pad Thai...loved all of it. Everything was so delicious and full of flavor.  The staff was friendly too.  We'll definitely be back again.
4	Ordered the garlic pepper pork, for the price i think the serving was really little....but the Pad thai and pad see ew was good though.
5	Ordered the pad Thai chicken, the basil chicken fried rice, Tom Ka and red curry all of it was freaking amazing. Found a gem right by my friends house. Going to be coming here often.
1	Food is decent and pretty much same as any Thai restaurant. Rated one star due to a delivery request. Person on the line mentioned they deliver only 3 miles away. I had mentioned that I much less than that, 2 miles to be exact. Then he mentioned "we do not deliver in your area"..... I was instantly disappointed.
5	WOW! Best Thai in Vegas.
5	Wow! Really!? Amazing authentic Thai food ! I've eaten so many meals throughout Thailand on a month long visit there and right now I feel transported back! I can't even wait to finish my outstanding meal, I had to write my review now! This place is amazing! Great food, great service, family-owned place and these people really care about what they are serving you. It's all fresh made, ready to order and delicious! I highly recommend Lucki Thai, it's worth every penny---so happy I stumbled upon it!
3	The wait for Lucki Thai to open seemed forever, but I was happy to welcome them to the neighborhood. The past two months, I've dined in and placed orders for carry out. Everything has been piping hot and made fresh to order. They've accommodated special orders per my mom's request. The staff is always warm and friendly.The Spicy Basil has been my favorite dish. We like it spicy, 8-10 gets the job done. I've been less pleased by the Pad Thai and Pad Kee Mao. Not that either have been prepared poorly, it's just I have other places that I prefer. The pad thai noodles were more thin than I like. I found the chicken in the Pad Kee Mao a bit bland, and the portion of noodles to the rest of its parts was a bit weak.That said, I wouldn't hesitate to try more of the menu. It's great having Thai take out so close to home.
4	Great neighborhood Thai spot.  Simple one page menu that has all your main staples without a lot of frills.  Loved the spicey basil chicken it had a good balance of flavors and texture. The steamed fish was amazing. We chose the lime sauce and it had so many layers of flavor. A great choice if you want flavor but can't handle spice. The fish was tender yet firm.  The Thai ice tea was probably one of my favorite, it didn't have that butter after taste you sometimes find, and was not overly sweet.  Yellow vegetable curry had great varied textures, perfectly cooked potatoes, and the curry was very satisfying.The service was very polite and attentive, and the place was not to busy and loud on a Sunday night, so we all could enjoy each others company without yelling over others.I did feel although the chicken satay was tender the peanut sauce was overly salty and one dimentional, and the chicken in the pad Thai was over cooked. and sadly not tender like the satay, but the flavor was good. Calamari was nothing special and wouldn't really recommend it.  Despite that I will be back again for sure. It is close to my house, over all yummy, chill and quiet, and will not break the bank.
4	If you're a fan of Archi and live around the Silverado area, well no fear! Lucki Thai is here! I came here a few times and I will continue to go because I'm glad there is finally a decent restaurant around the corner of my house. The owner is a past worker at Archi so I knew that the food wouldn't be a disappointment. Lunch and dinner are two different experiences. Lunch time offers a cheaper lunch menu and your order is accompanied by a cup of soup. But not all items are on the lunch menu so you'll have to find something you like on that menu or pay more on the dinner menu. I recommend the lunch Pad Thai, it's a great portion for lunch and very delicious. Their Pad Thai is the best Pad Thai in Vegas, it's the closest to homemade. Dinner time, I like to have noodles like Pad See Ewe or Pad Woon Sen, but I also like to come with my family to have family style dinner. If you come with a large group, there aren't big tables, but they'll try to make it happen. I recommend ordering rice dishes with bigger parties. Now, the restaurant is pretty small with only a few tables so it seems like takeout is the most popular here. In one sitting, I noticed that at least 10 people come in and out with togo orders. So this restaurant is great for lunch and dinner dine-in experiences or simply taking your food togo. It's an extremely convenient location with great food!*came back for a third time, tried the Beef Noodle Soup and absolutely, but I also ordered the Pad Thai for a second time and had a slight disappointment. The Pad Thai was so much better the first time I had it, I feel like the food needs to be more consistent. I love the food, I just hope that the food stays great and doesn't change for the worst.
5	Just ordered take out from this place so this is just on the food alone and not on service. The hubby and I ordered the beef jerky,  laab  salad  (pork), spicy basil (chicken) and pad kee mao (beef). The spice level on all were 6 except for the pad kee mao which was a 7. I have to say all in all we were VERY happy with the food especially with the laab. We have had the larb at Lotus of Siam and Chada Thai and we prefer Lucki Thai's over both places. :-) please support this place. I peeked in the kitchen and everything looked super clean. Did I mention they deliver too. I was always a lotus snob after trying other thai spots and this has changed my mind. The only thing I would say was negative is that it is right across the street from my house and I will now be frequenting this place way more than I should. Flavors are amazing, balanced, and complex... just what Thai cuisine is. I even called them after my meal to tell them how good of a job they are doing.
5	Just came back from here today and loved it.Location - Nice. Off Silverado Ranch and Bermuda, a lot of places near it and a good area of town.Atmosphere - Cute. It was clean, I enjoyed the setup and the dim lightingFood - Excellent! There were so many options on the menu it was hard to chose, they also had a vegetarian friendly menu. Huge portions, great value, and the food itself was amazing. Food is spicier than most thai places, they warn you, so make sure you don't get anything over a 3 if you only want mild spice.Service - Our server was great. Very friendly, helpful and quick. My boyfriend was clearly struggling with his Pad Thai (which was a level 5 spice) but, we weren't going to ask for a new one or complain, but the server offered to make him a new one. It was a very kind gesture.Will be back!
5	This new Thai food restaurant is a bomb.  Phad thai is excellent, not really spicy but feel the kick.  Tofu yellow curry is also excellent.   Will definitely comes back whenever we visit Sin City.
5	Super awesome service. Portion sizes are awesome for $8.95!! Ordered the chicken pad Thai and the yellow chicken curry. Came out faster than expected, we were greeted with happy welcomes, and they tended to EACH AND EVERY question with a smile! All in all loved it! Really found a new awesome Thai place (:
4	Pleasantly surprised by the great food and excellent prices.  Smallish and intimate restaurant...has about 8 tables.  We came here and tried four dishes.  All of them were full of flavor, generous portions and perfectly cooked.  Service was attentive and friendly.
4	Another good Thai spot has come to my neighborhood. Hooray! And they offer delivery too. Extra hooray!The good:- Nice, cute, clean, small restaurant with a pleasant enough atmosphere- Pleasant and friendly staff- Good variety of menu options- You can customize the spiciness level- Best miso soup I have ever had - EVER- All the entrees we ordered were delicious - special props to the basil fried rice and orange beef- Everything was packaged nicely- Prices are reasonable and comparable to other area Thai restaurantsThe not-so-good:- No website, so no online ordering and no menu- The takeout menu that can be picked up inside the restaurant offers no descriptions of the dishes- They were out of Thai tea when I placed my order- Portions are on the small side- No napkins, utensils, etc. were included with our takeout orderAll in all, it's some tasty food. We are certain to patronize again.
5	First review of 2015!!!! And I'm happy that it's on a family owned business. Lucki Thai has been opened for about 3 months and it is apparent they take pride in their food.We were trying to decide what to eat for lunch one day and this place popped up on my Yelp search. After reading all the good reviews, we landed here. They have various lunch specials ranging from Pad Thai to spicy basil to curry. You choose what meat you want and your lunch also comes with egg drop soup, salad and an egg roll. All for $7.95. I chose the spicy basil with chicken and the bf chose the yellow curry with chicken. And the reviews weren't a lie. Everything was so good!! Our main dishes were so flavorful and they did not skimp on the meat. My bf's curry had huge chucks of chicken and bell peppers. And my spicy basil chicken was perfectly spiced. The portions are huge, so don't worry about being hungry afterwards. Our server was awesome and you could tell how happy he was when we kept telling him how good the food was. Besides the lunch menu, they do have a full menu that is very simple, no frills. I do hope that this place sticks around because this is now my favorite Thai spot! P.S. They have honey toast, but it is a 20 minute wait.
5	Stopped on the way down to LA from Utah to have dinner. Everything tasted good and we liked the atmosphere.
2	Strange so many stars. Food was almost average. Tea cups had left over food on them. Had to ask for a spoon and a spice tray. No fish sauce on spice tray. Only 2 tables seated. The manager and or owner went for smoke in front of the restaurant twice. Our waiter had some sort of black ink or grease on his hands. P. S. I have been to Thailand more than 20 times... We will stay home and make our own Thai food. Let me know if you want some real Thai food. You can make a reservation at our house. No Drama!  I approve this message J K KUHL..
