3	Good customer service; however the prices are a bit costly; however I do think they do a good job.
5	I've been coming to Pony Express ever since the store was known as "Magic Touch Cleaners" and they've always done a great job with my laundry and dry cleaning. The girls up front are always helpful and friendly when I come into the store, and they are quick to oblige in getting me my clothes cleaned and ready with a fast turnaround time.I've found that the prices are good - competitive. If you're looking for a $2.00 cleaner this isn't it, you pay for the quality of service and cleaning that you get at Pony Express.
5	Great dry cleaner and alterations! Got my stuff done early and on short notice! I would recommend them to anyone! My boyfriend and I take our clothes here all the time and are always more than pleased. They keep you updated on all of your items if there are any issues too! Thank you!
5	Love the service and quality.  Always perfect garments when I pick up and love the staff!  They are very helpful in sorting out my pile when I arrive too.
5	The best dry cleaner in town!!!I actually found Pony Express on Yelp before they had any reviews and look at them now, rockstars! So so deserving. This place has done right by everything I have brought in and the best prices I have ever seen! The staff is the sweetest ladies always in the best mood! I look forward to picking up my clothes here, when I remember...
5	Pony express has excellent customer service. They offer free of charge next day cleaning and the quality never disappoints. The pricing is very reasonable and the staff there are extremely friendly! I am very satisfied with Pony Express and have remained a loyal customer since moving to Scottsdale.
5	I have been doing business with Pony Express for many years.  I had been with the former owner when they were at Miller and Indian School.  All the employees at Pony Express are wonderful, friendly folks, my experience has been almost exclusively with Louanne and Dan.  Cannot say enough good things, and the service is always prompt and courteous and the quality of the cleaning and laundering is top notch.  I recommend them to all my friends and especially new folks who move into our community.Walter Young
5	Fantastic service. Luanne always greets me with a smile and even helps with the rare rush job. I've never had a bad experience and I've been using their services for over 3 years now. Also, properly priced.
5	Fanstastic! The staff, especially Luanne are so friendly and the work the do is perfection!!We take all or our household linens/sheets and they come out fresh, crispand clean and no weird smells!!Try them, you will not be disappointed.
