4	We found this place through Priceline and were pleasantly surprised. The suites were of decent size, the furniture was comfortable and the bed was terrific - an enormous king. The price was right, the service was fine, the hot tub was close, and we didn't hear ANY other guests though the parking lot would suggest it was half-full on a weekend in February.Some negatives: the lighting in the kitchen was of the atrocious/squint-inducing fluorescent variety, and the "efficiency" fridge was anything but: while I opened it twice in our whole weekend, it ran constantly. Tsk tsk, energy-efficiency-wardens.  Thankfully there was a door to close off the bedroom from the rest of the suite.I'd go back though as the price is right and the location was fine. No noise from the road or neighborhood at all.
2	Last Sunday my AC died and we needed a place to stay for the night since the repair guy couldnt come until Monday.  So we\\I went onto Hotels.com and found a 2 bedroom suite for $119.  Since it was already 9PM, instead of booking online, I called the hotel directly to see if I could swing a better deal (they certainly werent going to sell the room to someone else at that hour).The woman who answered the phone offered me a special price of $149.  When I informed her that I could get $119 online, she agreed to match it.  "but it's already 9pm and i know you have to give Hotels.com a cut, so can't you beat it?"  "I'm not allowed to do that" she answered.  "OK, who is and can you get them on the phone?" I responded.  I wasn't aware that I had made a joke, but she burst out in laughter.  End of story, I booked it online where I get reward points and Hawthorn has to pay the commission.The room was clean with 2 bedrooms, a living room, bathroom, 3 TVs, etc.  Free Wifi was key since I had a ton of work to do.  Breakfast in the morning was the standard way overcooked scrambled eggs, sausage, biscuits, and really, really bad coffee etc (strangely no butter..).  So why 2 stars?  Easy ... THE BEDS.My wife, daughter, and I all awoke with hideous backaches.  I was essentially completely immobilized.  Fortunately, I dont live too far away and after the most painful car ride in recent memory, I was able to down a couple of Vicadin so I could actually get on with my day.  With those beds, they should put a dispenser in the lobby.Great room layout and amenities for the price, but if you value your back, STAY AWAY!!
1	I am paying $113 per night. This place looks like a museum from 1980's... Carpet is really dirty and everything is just old... The worst part is the place smells like cigarettes everywhere... Disgusting place and recommend you to not to waste your money.
2	First thing I noticed was the dingy smell when walking into side door of hotel. The whole room is out dated. Not worth the money. I'm surprised this place is in business with all the nice new choices in Chandler.
1	Our I pad was stolen out of our room by a staff member! Nice place, but we are out a 400 dollar iPad!
2	A two. Ok for me. Guy on sales trip, one night but my wife would be un happy. Kind of run down especially for Wyndham   Cleaner would be better. Check mold on tub. Really? Can't you afford bleach. This is Phoenix by the way.
1	Absolutely inflexible policies requiring an unheard of $200 authorization for incidentals on a PREPAID 2 night Expedia reservation.  Due to a late deposit at my bank, there was not $200 available on my card for the authorization, though it would be available in the morning following my 9pm check in. An offer to leave credit card WITH the front desk for authorization in the morning was refused. Hawthorn by Wyndham corporate was contacted who then contacted the property on my behalf and the property STILL refused to extend the courtesy 9 a morning authorization.  Principal and GM of this property is David Kim. Never again will I recommend or book with this Wyndham brand. Reference #3359996 filed with Wyndham Corporate.
1	They charged us one night penalty for checking out early. They told me it was because of the special rate we got. Interestingly, we got charged two days later from the date  we checked out. It is the first time, we deal with something like this. We check out early at other hotels with no penalties. When I booked the room, I understood it was a flexible rate.  But the manager insisted it is their policy, and we didn't get refunded. In the confirmation, there is nothing that says that we get penalize for checking out early. I do understand that we get penalize when we don't show up. So it doesn't makes sense to me.We will never use this hotel again. I didn't want to argue with the manager.  But keep this in mind when you book the hotel.
