5	Wow, super crowded and yet very intimate. Tons of new faces and old. Awesome times meeting people and sharing stories!Great beer from New Belgium, which was my focus. I understand that there were also wines and vodka drinks to be had. A table of yummies was set out as well - delicious hummus and pitas and greek salad and chicken and lamb which were restocked often. I know some people managed to get back for a second plate. *cough*I now feel really bad about my recent two-star review but the food tonight was still really great. And so I will give them another try soon and hope for better service.
5	Hey now this is how you have a holly jolly good time. Good music, great food, awesome cocktails and a reason to wear my Christmas blazer?!? What! AND, I finally met my virtual Yelp BFF Michael N. I'm always glad when a restaurant has a meat free option so thanks for the hummus and salad. The self serve photo prop station was cool...snagged me a few selfiesh there. Great event as always and I'm glad that the head honcho was there so she could see how awesome Nikki is. MERRY CHRISTMAS AND HAPPY HANUKKAH AND HAPPY KWANZAA AND FELIZ NAVIDAD AND SEASONS GREETINGS AND HAPPY NEW YEAR!
5	Happy Festivus y'all! Was great seeing everyone at yet another end of year to gather 'round and drink and be merry! Again, saw mostly old faces with a few new friends met this eve. It really was a fantastic get together and wow....new lunch spot found! The staff that made it happen were so genuinely working hard to keep the delicious food coming; Greek salad, chicken and lamb, a bunch of different sauces, hummus, pita and cocktails, wine and beer. A very well rounded event. It was crowded but I think the more the merrier this time of year. Also, I won a goodie bag!!!Also, there was a s'mores and pretzel dipping station. Thanks for all the special touches, Nikki, to make us feel warm and fuzzy and thanks IOS!!!!
4	I'm always so appreciative that restaurants welcome us so warmly! I had no idea that IOS Greek Kitchen was open in Charlotte but it could be because I don't venture to the EpiCentre very often.We donned our best Christmas attire because who doesn't love an excuse to dress up!The bar at IOS was lovely and well stocked! The American Mules with ginger beer were a new favorite. We then stuffed ourselves silly on their Greek salad, bangin' hummus and lamb.Really their hummus is divine get you some!If you you work uptown this would be my go to lunch spot- fairly priced and fairly healthy with a nice outdoor area.My date's favorite part was the s'more bar. Nikki throws the best parties y'all. Love the idea of stickers for the best costumes too. Sorry for anyone I groped inappropriately...
5	No worries Michael N., Dan C. had to explain the Festivus reference to me (it had been a while since I've gotten my last dose of Seinfeld).A night of holiday fun-ness that only Yelpers and the Charlotte Yelp Community can have.  I haven't been to IOS Greek Kitchen yet, but they have a great space, and they were such great hosts to shut the entire place down just for us.  Servers were on point!  At one point, I had to stop the server and tell her that she was doing TOO GOOD a job since there was never a time where I didn't have a drink in hand or she was asking me if I needed another.  Food was great - fresh veg... loved the hummus - I pretty much licked my plate clean (hopefully no one saw that - if they did, my apologies).There was a CRAZY pile of toys in the corner - The yelp community always pulls through with great donations.  I meant to ask Nikki if she needed help carrying all that stuff to her vehicle, but the aforementioned drinks above turned me into an inconsiderate person that just needed to take himself home.Loved seeing some familiar faces... and the... holiday... attire.  I guess that's what so great about the holiday since "holiday attire" can mean so many things to different people.  Bruce K. deserved the win (risking electrocution all for the sake of Yelp).  Nice to meet a lot of new faces too.Nikki - Amazing event (as always) and you didn't burn the chocolate!  Thanks for the shout out about my closing (so relieved!).Tonya - thank you for documenting!  I love the fact that you took so many pictures that your battery died.  Love me some PopRock Photography - in fact I was thinking about trying to make up an event just so I can hire you.Dan C. - sorry about all the BooBirds...  We only booed you because we don't want you to move away!  You will definitely be missed.A great way to end 2014 and it just makes me look forward to all the fun that is in store for 2015.
4	This joint was packed with Elite Yelper's. Every yelper were decked out in their holiday festive outfits. The x-mas sweaters, red sweaters, reindeer get up, cute snow woman, lit- up holiday trees were prancing around IOS Greek Kitchen. The place was packed at and if your were inside you be thinking it was a happy hour but with upscale and chic scene.Nikki has a way of putting events together. Another outstanding party!!! Every event is unique of it's own. I wonder if Nikki is one of Santa's Secret Society members. Always helping out others. Everything she does seems flawless and an awesome community activist. The food is delicious and fresh. Beautiful way to celebrate the holidays.
4	Nikki!, Thanks for putting on another great Yelp event.   I would have never known about the IOS Greek Kitchen if it was not for this event.     Thanks so much to the staff at the IOS Greek Kitchen, you guys are what really made the night Great!  They were really fun, helpful and great to talk with. I hope nothing but the best for you all. They worked there butts off.The food was awesome favorite sample of the night was the lamb.  It was done to perfection in my own opinion. I'll be back for that for sure.  The drinks were tasty and I enjoyed the American Mule the most.  The pink drink hit me pretty hard and had to back off a little on it. The sticker contest was a great idea. It really helped to stir up the interactions with people I never met before.  Props to all the snowmen/women and the awesome light up sweaters. The event was packed! Only little thing was that it was extremely loud, not sure I was standing right next to the blasting Xmas music but my ear were ringing like crazy when we left.Thanks AGAIN and can't wait to see what 2015 brings!.
5	Such a great end of the year event! Never been to IOS Greek Kitchen before, so I was excited to check it out at this event! Brought a few gifts to the event and it was so awesome to see that large pile of donated gifts in the corner.The location was super cozy and inviting. Staff was absolutely incredible and on top of it! I felt like the staff was just running around all evening handing out drinks. The American Mule was delish....Moscow Mule is my absolute favorite drink!! The New Belgium seasonal white IPA was also very good. The food was awesome! The lamb was spot on and I was digging the hummus! The smores on a stick station was a great way to end the night.....on top of winning one of the raffle prizes!Thanks IOS Greek Kitchen and Nikki for a fun event to end the year!
5	This Festivus party at IOS Greek Kitchen was quite festive.  Folks wearing holiday apparel and bearing gifts for children. The sounds of Christmas music in the background.  A brightly patterned backdrop for photos, complete with fun props.  Those qualities alone made for a winning winter wonderland night.But, there's more.  We were treated to a specialty cocktail, beer and wine.  The food was spectacular and vegetarian friendly, including pita bread, Greek salad with three dressings, a relish tray of fresh vegetables, and hummus as well as a meat offering.  Also, courtesy of Nikki, our hostess, there was a dessert station featuring melted chocolate, pretzels, and marshmallows, with coconut and Oreo cookie toppings.Poprock Photography was flashing through the snow, and the folks at IOS Greek Kitchen were as warm as an open fire.This event was even better than riding in a one horse open sleigh.  Thanks, Nikki and IOS Greek Kitchen for bringing joy to our world!
5	2014 has been a GLORIOUS year for Yelp Charlotte, quarterbacked by none other than our lovely CM Nikki! Woo Hoo! So what a fitting tribute than to end this great year with yet another 5 Star event at IOS Greek Kitchen! Hard to believe that hosting something like 70 people qualifies as "intimate" but it really had a feeling of intimacy....maybe because the space was small. Nonetheless, the food was really good, they offered several drink selections including a purdy darn tootin Mule.But I got to meet some Yelp Elite friends that I've never met "in person" before (like Stephanie, Michael N and Robin) and that was awesome! Met up with my buddy Marco and his lovely lady Allyson. Always a pleasure! And I brought me dear friend Melanie (aka T-Rex).Just a friggin FANTASTIC time! I wish I had the time to go home and dress up more "festive" but NO! I had to come from work. Dang. But it is what it is!I just can NOT wait to see what Nikki has in store for us in 2015! It will be a heck of an effort to surpass what she did in 2014. But you know what? I'll bet you she DOES! That's our Nikki! The most AWESOMENESS Yelp CM out there in the Yelp Universe! You hear that Tara!Peace. Out.PS Dan C - you WILL be missed! (Dang traitor leaving us for DC. DC????? Uggggg)
4	Another great event where I practically stayed the whole time. It's a pretty cool space to throw a medium to small sized event as the IOS has a nice ambience and great service. The food was good and the meats were cooked well.  And the choice of beer, cocktail, or wine continued to fill the line at the bar.  Unfortunately, I didnt' get to try the hummus as that went really fast and I still failed to get some my second time in line.However, I made up for it with filling myself up with the s'mores bar. For me there will always be room for dessert and an awesome Yelp Event, no matter the circumstances.Glad to see everyone before the end of the year, and to new memories in 2015!
4	Now that was a fun way to bring the 2014 yelp elite year to a close! The set-up at IOS was so colorful and joyous, it got me in the holiday mood right away. The space was small, but I think that was a good thing.. it gave the event a more intimate feel! The owner as well as the servers were all so friendly. Between the american mules, delicious cab and the warm pita, grilled chicken & lamb kebabs - my taste buds were having quite the party too. I would have loved to help myself to a second and third serving, if it wasn't for the uber long line leading to the food - it only goes to show how much everyone liked the food! ;)I love the fact that each event allows us the opportunity to make a donation to a different organization.. there's nothing better than being able to enjoy an evening among good people and great food, while giving something meaningful in return. As always, splendid job by Nikki! :)  Special thanks from the baby Yelper who was so happy to see you and be part of the fun! Looking forward to more fun & fabulousness in 2015.
4	How do you end a great Yelp year for the Yelp Elites?  Well, you throw a fun party and invite all the gang.  This past Tuesday is exactly how Nikki W ended the 2014-year in Yelp (CLT Elite Edition).Was it fun...heck yes!  IOS Greek Kitchen provided the perfect intimate setting to throw this shindig.  Atmosphere - Lighting, intimately dim.  Noise, with a lively concrete floor and other hard surfaces abound the decibels were noticeable.  Fun factor, definitely set to high, as everyone seemed to be having a good time and were engaging.  Festivus factor, the venue was appropriately decorated...now the sweaters...that's another story (I think Bruce K. and Jeff S. will be receiving energy efficiency guides from Duke Energy).Service - Awesome!  The staff was friendly, attentive, and handled the large crowd with ease.  The drink servers were doing a great job keeping my glass filled.  I thought the bartenders were on their game too.  I even saw one bartender hand muddling some mint (to release its flavor), which is much better than just tossing it into a glass.Food - Well, the drinks were very tasty.  The American Mule is now my new favorite cocktail.  Who doesn't like vodka, lime, and ginger beer?  Communists, that's who!   The food is where I get lost.  Yes, there was food.  It looked and smelled delicious.  However, the line was long and I kept waiting for it to go down before jumping in.  When I realized that people were already looping the line for seconds (and maybe thirds) all that was left was pita and lettuce.  I guess that is what I get for being lazy.     Overall - I had a great time talking to old friends an making some new ones (Tara L and Ian H were kind enough to adopt me for the night).  I was even able to take another inception (scenario 2) photo of Tonya from Poprock Photography.  Merry Christmas to me!  A big thanks goes out to our CM, Nikki W, as for me it was definitely a complete night to another tremendously complete year with Yelp. I hope to see everyone again in 2015!!!
5	'Twas the week before Christmas and all through the QC, Yelpers were celebrating - more American Mules for you and for me!Thank you IOS for hosting such an awesome Yelp holiday party! Nikki W has done it again! Thank you to Poprock for catching really fun moments, your pictures always depict the fun environment perfectly! (#alloftheexclamationmarks)This was such a fun event!  I completely fell in love with the American Mule cocktail, and the punch was delicious too. The food line was long, but worth it. Everything was made just right, and the lamb was so tasty. Perfect little selection of hummus, meat and extras. I didn't know that IOS existed Uptown, but I'll be sure to add it to my list of Uptown food options.  I loved getting to chat with Yelpers that I hadn't met before and catch up with the regulars.  And cheers to the Smores bar!! (Thank you again to Poprock for not catching me shoving the whole marshmallow in my mouth...)Happy Holidays all!!  Lookout, 2015!
5	A very bittersweet event as 2014 comes to a close. So many good events over the year, and this was no exception. Of course you know a good event when you hear it named after the makeshift holiday from Seinfeld. So who's got two thumbs and is a big fan of Greek food? This guy. I've been meaning to try out IOS for a little while now so I was excited to hear that they coordinated with Yelp for this.I arrived not knowing what to expect from the atmosphere and interior as I knew it was more of a small space, but it was very welcoming, and not "fast food"-like. It is well decorated and low-lighted. The staff working the event did an amazing job keeping drinks in our hands and our buffet filled. Our server seemed to be constantly on her toes.The drinks and food were fantastic. I guess I assumed it would be a lot similar to a Showmars, but afterwards I left thinking that it would be a great place to stop by around seeing an SMG movie and have a real decent meal with some good quite atmosphere, comparably. The beer special- NB white IPA- I could (and did) drink that all night long! So good! Although I didn't partake, I looked over at a few having the cocktail and that looked really good. There was wine available for us as well.The food was definitely the highlight of the night- pita rounds, homemade hummus, veggies, grilled chicken, lamb, etc. It was all fantastic. Definitely got in line more than once! Nikki also had a great dessert table put together, and if I wasn't a scrooge when it comes to sweets I would've been all over that! Pretzels, marshmallows, chocolate, etc.Thanks to all those at IOS, Nikki for another fantastic event, and HUGE thanks to her on a fantastic year of Yelp elite! Appreciate Tonya for documenting the night! Hope to see everyone in 2015!
5	"Be still when you have nothing to say; when genuine passion moves you, say what you've got to say, and say it hot"- D.H. Lawrence.  I bet he didn't mean hot mess, but that's what this review is gonna be... What a tremendous way to close out 2014.  First off, you knew this was going to be a killer event because: (a) we got a pretty adequate CM, I hear; (b) anything referencing Seinfeld is fine in my book (sick that it's 1 of 3 shows I watch?); (c) IOS is awesome; or (d) all of the above.  Hint:  #notabcIn true Festivus fashion, there were the Feats of Strength - no, I didn't wrestle anyone, but we saw Poprock Photography all over the place.  Sometimes you wonder how she captures one moment from multiple angles.  IOS staff was on top of its game, feeding the masses.  A good portion of food ran out right on me (typical), but didn't have to wait longer than a 30-second minute.   Hot, fresh Greek bites - really solid food.  There was a moment when the party went silent and all that remained was pita bread, Greek salad, and me.  Festivus faeries sang in the distance. You couldn't tear me away, but I'd occasionally snap back to reality to power up from my trusty mug'o'Mule #untilservertookmymug.  Of course, all the heavy-lifting was done on the one-and-a-half shoulders of our CM, Nikki.  Her Feats started from booking the venue to dropping off donations.  Quick aside... this past year, she taught us, among other things - how to design cookies (kinda, I still suck), how make my own pizza (again, kinda), how to eat crawfish (Chernobyl looked better than the aftermath of where I sat), and how to have fun (finally something I'm good at).  She does an amazing job.  Sadly, this was the last event for 2014, and myself. #yelpdc #hereicome It was a great experience to be a part of a great community and meet some wonderful people. I hope to keep in touch with y'all and thanks for making Charlotte special even if you're really from Shelby.  Plenty of great memories and it'll be fun to go over my Yelp list of Elite events, which is shamelessly plugged here:  http://www.yelp.com/list/what-yelp-events-r-like-charlotte.  To imagine, that it only gets better in 2015... #whyamileavingdmo out
4	Did Yelp choose its Elites by how talented and versatile they are?! Such amazing buncha people! And Nikki did it again. Yes, she found the right place in the heart of the city for the perfect group of people. I knew this place existed in Epicentre but never been. Luckily Yelp had its Yelp Elite Holiday party at Ios so I got to check it out. First of all, the entrance was a bit hard to find for me. Maybe it was the decorations for the special event that distracted/confused me. In any case, I went to the side door closer to Mortimers. And Nikki was there to greet me. She came out of nowhere! That's how attentive and awesome she is.The interior was very different from what I had imagined. Yes, I didn't check online beforehand. I was exepecting something a bit more like Showmars plus Wild Wings. Instead I found a casual dining area with a hip looking bar in the back (or side).Servers were friendly and quick. At one point I turned around unintentionally to find one of them holding a tray and waiting for me to get out of her way with a smile. I thought she was nice. The drinks, yes, the drinks of life, were great. The Americam Mule was phenomenal. The Accumulation was another great drink. Never heard of it but I really liked the pale ale.All in all it was a good place to hang out. Not sure if I'd recommend taking someone special out for a special night or plan a big party there though. Nice place to hangout. And the sweaters were super... merry. Just sad I couldn't stay long because I had business.
3	This event was at a great venue with a terrific layout that made socializing easy! I was so very appreciative to have been invited and was floored that the restaurant closed their doors for us. Thank you Nikki and thank you to IOS.I really loved their chopped salad with their "green goddess" dressing along with a slice of the pita bread. Mouth watering good! I was disappointed to see a few things - the setup was done in a way where they only we're able to put out a little at a time, and it was all in a few small trays on a side table, which meant a very long wait to get to taste their yummy food. The wait could have been greatly alleviated with a larger set up - maybe something to keep in mind for the next time IOS does a large event. I was also sad to see they frequently ran out of dishes - seemingly just as I was about to get to try them (as I was queued up in line.) Additionallu, they "ran out" of hummus. Which, was just odd - considering its a staple food in any Mediterranean restaurant. Then, we looked over and noticed they were making to-go orders and had a large tub of what appeared to be hummus.In their defense, I suspect they allowed a certain amount of food for the event and that amount had been used up. They likely had reserves because they were going to work in the kitchen on to go orders. Still it was disappointing to not get to have any when my 40 min wait was up in line.Now, I was lucky enough to try a few bites of their main proteins - chicken and lamb for gyros. The chicken was good - clean white (not fatty or poorly trimmed) chicken breast. Now... The lamb, OH MY!!!! The lamb was juicy, moist, and incredibly well seasoned/marinated. It was great - I could really see myself going back for that along with the salad and green goddess dressing.The general manager and sales manager also greeted our group and told us about IOS.Here's the scoop: IOS Is a new trendy Greek restaurant on the lower level of the epicenter. It just opened in May. It has a small footprint, but that still affords plenty of seating. They also have a nice full service bar. I cannot speak to their drinks, I went with diet soda during my visit. They also offer takeout, delivery if you work or life nearby, ms if you're staying at the ALoft hotel, they bring you their dishes for room service. The epicenter has parking for at least $10, BUT (TIP!!!) if you go across the street it's half price parking.I thought the food was good - overall. I thought their chopped Greek salad with green goddess dressing, and their lamb was indeed memorable. For the event, I would have liked to see a different layout - one that reduced waiting time, a more consistent flow and volume of food for the number in our group, and was sad when they ran out of meat as well as hummus. Would I recommend IOS Greek kitchen, yes! I think it's a great new restaurant with a lot of potential. Constructively, I think the event could have been a little better supported by the kitchen. I think Nikki did a fantastic job at pulling everything together.
4	Thanks Nikki for always putting on a good party!This event was super fun.  I loved seeing people get into the Christmas spirit donning on their ugly sweaters.  Someone got really creative and was a snowman with a super cute tutu!  Kudos to your creativity!I felt that the venue was great, it was cozy.  Crowded, but not TOO crowded.  We had a lot of food, but I felt like there wasn't that much of food choices.  I guess I have just been to spoiled in the past.  I did, however, like the different drink options.  Their mixed drinks were definitely my favorite part of the night.  It was a school night, so I only had three drinks, calm down people!  All in all, a good night.
5	Because of the holidays and my incredible skills of procrastination, it has taken me a while to write this review. However, this event definitely deserves a five star.First, I had never been to IOS Greek Kitchen before despite being able to almost see it from my office window. I've been back twice since.IOS was an incredible host, shutting down the entire place for our event. There was an endless supply of delicious greek food and great combinations to make our own platters.Nikki of course crushed it again with a holiday dress up contest and a dipping station for marshmellows and pretzels. Some times it's the little things like having to put a sticker on the person you thought had the best costume that turns an event from a dine and dash mixer to a festive party with new friends you meet there.
