5	Good place ! cheap membership, all the basic equipment you need .Child care is convenient when  you get your workout.
4	Clean facility has the basic equipment needed to get a successful work. The price is right so, enjoy it for a good work out.
2	Today wasn't the facilities finest hour. This morning the place wasn't nearly as clean as one would like a exercise facility to be. Normally this place is very clean but this morning it was a little off even the rags for cleaning the machines after use were very dirty. Yesterday afternoon those rags where fresh and clean so it makes me think the closing crew or the cleaning crew did not put out fresh rags. I really like this place for a variety of reasons it is my sincerest thoughts this was a one off and my next review can go back to 'this facility is well priced, clean and convenient.'
4	Better day at the gym today. The rags were clean or so I think I was so focused and trying to burn my body to the ground that, my focus wasn't so much on the cleaning rags.
3	Tough day at the gym. Been off my light yoga sequence for 2 weeks and how quickly you realize it takes months to improve flexibility and seconds to lose it. However for the 1st time I conducted my routine at this gym and I have to say they do a decent job of keeping the floors mopped. I've been coming here for couple weeks now and have to say the busy times are hard to determine it is always a surprise whether it will be busy or not. In general for what you are paying I have to say they do an ok job of keeping it clean. The staff is always very nice and friendly.  Would love to see them add some plyo-boxes.
1	when you ask them for help they give you dirty look no locker rooms day care in gym kids running through gym it's a cheap price that's about it don't waist your money
2	They don't have good personal trainers, and i think its not a professional gym at all .
5	This place is awesome.  I just moved here from the  Walnut Creek (Bay Area) Fit19 and was super anxious abt funding a new trainer and what the club here was going to be like. Elijah greeted me when I came in and was helpful, listened to my needs, gave me a great tour and got me hooked up getting my membership info transferred. Then came Mike!! This guy is a dedicated, motivating, kick my ass trainer.. I've has two session this week with him, and I'm really happy with how he works with me., he pushes me HARD, which is what I want him to do.. I'm on a mission and I think he's gonna help me get there. The club is light, clean and super affordable! Great atmosphere going in in there'
5	Hijo jkkkc  hace.  Vbjjb
