5	Ashley is the most professional and skilled spray tan artist ever!! She tanned both my fiance and I, and we had the most amazing tans for our special event! I highly recommend her!! Our tans lasted forever and we didn't stop getting compliments on how awesome our skin looked..we were radiant! She is very meticulous, making sure your tan is nothing short of FLAWLESS!!! You won't be disappointed with her!
5	I was attending an event and wanted some color. I was looking on yelp and was reading some reviews about airbrush tanning. I came across Bronze Beauty of Las Vegas. I was nervous about turning orange for my event. Ashley (owner) was so nice and explain everything to me before the session. I have to say I was absolutely impressed with the color. Looked very natural and didn't have a weird smell to it. Next event I'm attending I will be using Bronze Beauty of Las Vegas again.
5	What a great way to receive a beautiful, natural looking tan that is HEALTHY. Ashley is an excellent professional who makes the entire experience extremely comfortable. She uses great products and ensures all the precautionary measures are taken so as not to inhale any of the tanning solution. Nothing feels and looks better than a healthy glow or a deep, sexy tan. She also gives great instructions, tips and advice on prolonging the airbrush tan. I can't think of a better way to prevent premature aging, make the body look slimmer and deliver an instant boost of confidence!
5	I had a great experience at Bronze Beauty of Las Vegas. The owner Ashley was very helpful and friendly and made the process very easy and comfortable. Being Asian I don't normally tan but I wanted to skin tone to even out. The product she used is great and the color turned out amazing. Thanks so much!
5	I have tried several Tanning Salons and Bronze Beauty of Las Vegas is by far the best there is when is comes to a personalized spray tan! There is no orange color, no streaks, no spray tan smell, treated like a VIP everytime and best of all a beautiful glowing tan!!!
5	Ashley is a wonderful!  Her products are amazing and this is the best customized spray tan I have ever gotten!Mystic tans always left my skin streaky and orange, but Ashley's technique and equipment leaves your skin bronzed and flawless!Best pricing in town, too!  Look no further...you found your girl!
5	I was in town from LA and was referred here by a friend. Ashley did an absolutely amazing job!!! She was very skillful and I really liked how she makes sure that you don't ingest or inhale any of the spray tan.... talk about thorough! It was literally the BEST spray tan I have ever gotten (and that's a lot!). I looked great the whole weekend I was out in Vegas and my tan stayed perfect and even the whole time (even throughout the pool parties!!). The only problem is I wish she was in LA...I would get sprayed every week! Oh and her salon is adorable... makes you feel like you're an exclusive VIP :)Thank you Ashley for making me look and feel like a goddess, I can't wait to come back to Vegas and get sprayed again!
5	LOVE GETTING MY AIR BRUSH TAN WITH ASHLEY! I usually get the "dark" spray and I always leave looking like I spent a week in a tropical island! Never orange, and lasts me almost a week! The salon is very clean and Ashley is amazing with squeezing you in for last minute appointments ;)!
5	Ashley is amazing and provides the best airbrush tan I have ever experienced. With her airbrush service you get immediate color with the three different shades that she offers, and you never have to worry about streaking. I'm in love with the product she uses because it works well with my sensitive skin.  Not to mention she has great pricing, especially for college students!
5	I went to Ashley for the first time this past weekend because I liked the way my friends tan came out for a wedding she was attending. I loved the way it looks on me compared to other tans I have gotten. I have pretty dry skin and was worried that the tan would get in the cracks and make it looks spotty but within the first 8 hours all I saw was consistent color. I rinsed all of the bronzer off after 8 hours and had a great color. Typically you would have to be careful when washing and drying because the tan with get blotchy and wipe off in certain areas but not this one. It is like I laid out at the beach and tanned. I also felt really comfortable. Some people are insecure about taking their clothes off in front of a random person however she was very professional and made me feel extremely comfortable while doing the tan. The only think I notice different on the yelp is that the address I went to was off of W. Tropicana and 215 other then that I love it and cant wait to go back before my trip in a few weeks!
