1	Went here recently and it smelled like open sewage; I think they were burning incense to hide the bad smell. (actually I have been here twice and it smelled like sewage both times) The men's bathroom is disgusting, the service is horrible, a customers food was left next to me at the bar for several minutes until the waitress picked it up to bring to a customers table (anyone could have played with the food during that time). The bartender couldn't handle more then 3 customers, the decor is pathetic and looks like a sloppy college student decorated his dorm room with all his sports posters; I expected to see a pile of dirty socks and underwear in the corner.They don't appear to have much to choose from for drinks, don't expect any quality liquor; the menu is very standard. Didn't dare try the food.It's too bad, I could really like this place, because the location is great.
4	I use to visit Sneakers quite frequently due to it's location.  The drink specials were also an influence.  $ 2drafts on Thursdays, $2 wells for ladies on Fridays, domestic deals through out the week. The smell problem that once took place in the bathroom area has disappeared and they have added a fire pit outside, which really is only a good investment for about 2 out of the 12 months, but upgrade non the less.  There's pool tables, darts, basketball, and some other arcade games. I never have had a problem getting a drink and getting it quick. My last visit however has left an impression that has kept me from walking back through those doors.  A couple friends and myself went to watch the 2nd half of the Suns game and enjoy some $2 drafts not knowing we were entering a Frat initiation.  White undershirts and sharpies everywhere....sign my shirt, WHEW Frat 2008... because of this event I, not in a white sharpied up t-shirt, had to drink my Blue Moon out of a plastic cup.  All of a sudden I'm put on the same level as these douchebags and can't be trusted with a glass glass!   Come on I didn't walk in Wheewing and slurring my words.  I won't lie sitting around the fire pit was a bit amusing though, Sorority chics are pretty easy....I'd guess alot of those Frat boys woke up the next morning not only with hangovers but an STD or two....some probably even woke up with a dick on their face, a sharpie drawn dick that is.  So Sneakers I will of course visit again, it's close to my house, but I think I'll call first to make sure there aren't any "special" events going on.
2	The word that most aptly describes the Sneaker's experience:Eww.This exclamation should be accompanied by a scrunched up nose, sneer or depressed sigh depending on the intonation.Does the smell of open sewage wafting from the bathrooms entice your tastebuds? Eww! *scrunchy nose*Do shriveled potato skins, overcooked fried zucchini sticks, or soggy hot wings float your boat? Eww. *disdainful sneer*Does the fact that they constantly change their specials and scheduled events without notice, luring you into this depressing hole under false pretenses sound dandy? Eww... *depressed sigh*I live dangerously close to this place, so more often than not I'll end up here when there's a dispute along the veins of: "Whatta you wanna do tonight? I dunno. How bout you?"Most frequently this is the end decision on a Friday night, when they hold live trivia with a host and the opportunity to win 20 to 30 bucks if you come in first or second place. But it's difficult to enjoy some live trivia when it's canceled every other week without any prior notice. That kind of business ethic doesn't instill any loyalty in your customer base. It's also kind of trashy how our winning credits are always hand written in near illegible chicken scratch on a piece of register tape, only redeemable for food, and only on a day other than trivia time. I get it. You want to lure us back on a weekday so we'll spend money in the bar. Klassy.I wouldn't have such a problem with the place if it the food was at least worth it. The nachos are huge and covered in lots of toppings but it's primarily cheap-o nacho cheese sauce or sour cream, which add little flavor and just make the whole thing a sloppy mess. The wings are soggy and generic (the hot isn't spicy in the least-- maybe they were referring to the temperature?), and there's an absolutely terrible Island Jerk flavor. The zucchini sticks are always overcooked and soggy. The cheese sticks are hard and chewy, not stringy mozzarella. The potato skins look like shriveled little potato abortions adorned by three bacon bits and some nacho sauce. The pizza is pretty decent and probably your best bet. I wouldn't recommend anything else on the menu. They use cheap, bargain basement product and it shows in the quality of the food.That leaves the bar to make up for the abysmal food. Too bad that's pretty hit or miss, with an emphasis on the miss. For about a two month stretch Sneakers seemed to change their daily specials week by week if not day by day. One day it would be two dollar ladies mixed drinks all day, next week just 9pm to close. Then it would be two dollar drafts all day, changed to half priced wings during happy hour. I don't like the bait and switch. I understand that a new or struggling place needs to cut costs and redefine its specials but when it's changing that often (too quickly for even the signage on the tables or menus to keep up) there's a serious issue with management that needs to be addressed. It seems like they've finally settled things to 75 cent domestic draft beers during happy hour (Coors and Bud) and half priced appetizers. Solid. Then from 9pm to close the daily drink specials start. Good. Keep it simple, stupid.The service at least tries to make up for the crappy food and ever changing drink specials. They're always more than patient when it comes to explaining the changes and always apologetic when they get the brunt of our disappointment when we've been victims of the ole bait and switch. The decor looks like a tacky college sports fan decorated it with all the tables sporting different teams and mascots, and paraphernalia splashed all over the walls willy nilly. There's also a weird identity problem going on, with some cheap wine prints on display in the bar and a gigantic statue of Uncle Lester from the Addams Family dressed in a referee suit. They offer Rock Band but I've never seen anyone playing it. They offer the Buzztime Trivia but hardly any televisions are ever tuned to it. There's a couple pool tables, darts, a basketball game, Buck Hunter and a couple other video games in the back. It just seems to be having an extreme identity crisis, trying to be something different to everyone, but half assing it so no one ends up satisfied.They've taken to serving beer in plastic cups and giving out paper plates for food during happy hour which is a bit on the depressing side. The general vibe makes it seem like it's on the brink of closing any given week, which is too bad because they easily have one of the best patios in Tempe. If you're going to go, sit on the patio and enjoy the greenery, cool water, friendly ducks and turtles sunning themselves. It will make you forget just how much of a downer it is inside the place.
3	Saturday night is $15 for all you can drink and all you can eat pizza. Pool tables, beer pong, bean bag toss, live band.Friendly service, have never eaten anything else besides the pizza on a saturday night.
2	I was warned.I got called out to come here by some friends on a Thursday night and the experience went as such:Enter to be carded by a young lady at the hostess stand. Which is completely okay, I'm in my late twenties I don't mind being carded.I make my way to my friends and am informed of karaoke and a lack of waitresses. No sweat I say, I'll hit the bar. I visit the bar and notice the giant wall of TVs, plenty of space to sit and a patio. Good stuff so far.The bartender cards me yet again and then gives me a wristband to prove my age. I oblige but can't help but wonder why the lady at the door didn't perform this function as well, odd. My Kiltlifter is served in a plastic cup. Now, I work in a bar, we serve in plastic when we're at or close to max capacity. There were _maybe_ 20 customers in the building. We sometimes get rowdy, but I doubt enough to warrant plastic, so what's the deal?The beer was as it should be, cold and foamy. We also ended up with shots, as our resident karaoke queen needed her nightly round. Interestingly enough the shots came in standard glassware. No one ordered food, so I'll not comment on the supposed quality. I wouldn't expect much though.The patio was visited as I chatted with a surly Scottish gentleman smoker. I definitely would like to see this patio during a nice spring/fall day. Looked great during the evening.The restrooms were not visited on this maiden voyage, so I cannot comment on the condition. After reading the previous reviews I'm perfectly okay with that.I'd give it another shot, but I wouldn't recommend the place to someone looking for sports, beer or karaoke even. It was par to sub-par all around. Bummer, as it's a nice building and in a great location.
4	I have to say, currently, this is my favorite bar.  It's a mile from home and the drinks are cheap...for women!  The food is pretty awesome and the drinks are always good.  The music at times can be a little over powering but if you ask nicely they will turn it down.  This place is never overcrowded, me and my friends always find a table out on the patio (unlike certain other bars around the neighborhood).  It does get busy Friday and Saturday nights but its not wall to wall people. Anytime I'm itching to grab a drink with friends we always think of Sneakers!
1	This place is a total dumpster.  That's how me and my girlfriend always refer to this place.  The owner doesn't even look like he tried to make this place look decent.  I've never been there when it was packed and the empty main room in the back make this place feel like an abandoned warehouse.  Yeah, I get this place has cheap drinks, but there is definitely a reason for that.  I feel like I might contract Hepatitis from stepping into this place.  And those cheap drinks are also ridiculously small.   This place needs to be shut down by the Sanitation Department as soon as possible.
