5	I've been working with Tony since April 2012 and I can say without hesitation that he helped me change my life. From day one, Tony was interested in my life habits and what I hoped to achieve by working with him. He was supportive and energetic and his facility is a welcoming environment. He is available to help track my progress through various forms of communication, including an app that allows me to input meals and workouts. We set long and short term goals together, always discussing what activities I enjoyed doing so that the goals were attainable. He would "check in" and if we needed to readjust, he helped me to that. I never doubted his total commitment to my personal goals and he maintained that even when I would falter. I could be open and honest with him as he was never discouraging or shaming. He always believed in me.Tony made the nutrition aspect simple and doable and I soon discovered that eating healthy was not an insurmountable task reserved for celebrities with personal chefs. Tony understands and more importantly can explain that it's a process and that if I kept up with the process, the results would come. He was absolutely correct, of course. I feel and look better than I have in a decade. -Michelle J.
5	I have worked with several trainers but have had the best results working with Tony the past three years. His unique coaching style and small group training concept makes work outs fun and effective. With the small classes Tony has the ability to adjust workouts to each individual fitness level. I have seen him work with all different types of people and can tell you he treats everyone with respect. He will help you set realistic goals and is committed to help you reach those goals. His approach to diet and nutrition is practical & sustainable. Eating healthy has become a lifestyle not a burden! Tony is an all around great guy. He is always upbeat and positive. Seriously! I have never seen this guy in a bad mood! I  also enjoy the group activities Tony schedules outside the gym like hiking, 5K's, bike rides, ect. It has been a great way to connect with other team members.I highly recommend Tony & Team 44!
5	Tony is both an inspiration inside and outside of the gym. I have been working with Tony for 5 years and his unique approach to fitness has aided me in journeys both in weight loss and marathon training. Tony listens to each individual and their unique training needs. When I first began working with Tony I was in need of special types of exercises as I was nursing a back injury. Tony helped to strengthen other muscles and taught me useful stretching techniques that I use now on a regular basis and am now living back pain free. I am often in need of motivation, especially when training for an endurance event. Recently, through Team Forty Four, I have begun working with other gym attendees on opposing gym days to train for a 5k. Tony has helped to facilitate creating this team and provided us with a practice schedule to aid us in attaining our goals. Tony is supportive of my goals as an athlete but also as a team mate to others in the community. Working out at 8am a few days a week is now fun for me, the gym is energetic but individualized in a way that I have never experienced. I recommend both Tony and the Team Forty Four mentality to anyone looking to improve their fitness!
5	My wife bought me a gift certificate approximately two years ago to go and find a trainer.  After looking online in my area, I choose to try Tony Rice Fitness, now Team Forty-Four Fitness.  I started with one-on-one sessions and eventually graduated to team/group classes.  Fitness and exercise have been a part of my life since I was very little.  Tony Rice made exercise fun again!  I got tired of trying to come up with routines at the gym and not getting the most from my workouts.  Tony changed all that and also added nutrition assistance.  I now have the nutritional knowledge to backup my workouts that allow for me to see improvements.I would strongly recommend Tony Rice and Team Forty-Four to anyone who is looking to improve their body and nutrition.  He will change your life...that's a promise!
5	I've been working out with tony for almost 2 years now. He has completely changed my life as far as fitness and nutrition. He makes custom meal plans complete with shopping guides to all the stores making it fast and efficient. He really understands his clients and cares about each one. The group training classes are so awesome! You work out with the same 4-5 people each week and over the years I've gotten to know a lot of really awesome people through team forty four. I take pride being a part of this team and love everything tony has done for me!
5	I discovered Team 44 Fitness while going to an introductory yoga class next door at Metta Yoga. I am so glad I stopped in and checked it out. I was a competitive athlete growing up and in college, however, all work and no play had made Tommy a fat boy. I spoke with Tony and decided to sign up for some personal training sessions (he also does small group sessions). His studio is very inviting- not your typical gym full of weight machines. Most exercises involve resistance, balance, etc. I find almost all of the exercises fun to do. I have been going twice a week and just completed my 7th session. Tony has also helped me with shopping lists and healthy eating habits. He gets a medical history before starting and is very good about stretching and injury prevention. He is always positive and pushes you to your limit, but never too far.If you want to change your lifestyle, get fit and have fun while doing it- I highly recommend Tony and Team 44. I had mixed feelings while writing this- I want this place to stay small and intimate and accommodating to my crazy schedule, but Tony is great and deserves to have a thriving business. Check it out, you won't be sorry. As a testament I just signed up my dad and wife for some personal training with Tony also.Tony and Team 44 Fitness gets my highest rating!
5	I've been working out with Tony and Team 44 for almost 2 years. I can't even tell you the difference he and his programs have made on my life. I love the small classes, the accountability, and the support he and his team provides. I am forever spoiled by this fantastic fitness concept.
