5	Holy lord, this place has amazing breakfast burritos. Their bagels are good too. The crowd seems to be older - perhaps even senior. It's also not the coolest location ever. Still - if this is your neighborhood, this should be your bagel place. Beats the shit out of Einstein or Chompies. It's also worth a trip to check out their breakfast food. Actually - now that I mention it, I think I'm gonna hit it up this weekend. I used to work at a bagel deli called Bagels De Lox - we had awesome bagels and sandwiches... I think if you have a clever name with "Lox" in it, you're probably good. This place rules.
3	Meh.  I wasn't very impressed with the bagel.  The crust was crispy but was way too flakey.  It actually almost tasted like a croissant.  They did a good job of toasting it though so that the cream cheese melted just right.  They don't have a case full of salads, which as we all know is how I measure a bagel shop, nor do they offer whitefish salad which is a staple.  You must offer it to be considered legit.  The service was quick, they have a pretty good system going on.  The place was packed with people (I didn't notice age or anything because I mean honestly, it's a bagel shop.  Who cares?)  on a Saturday morning.  They only really have fountain drinks, they do have Snapple diet raspberry iced tea and Kiwi Strawberry but that's it.  How do you not stock regular Snapple iced tea if you're stocking Snapple?  Hell, my junior high's cafeteria stocked it. This is a 3.5, had they stocked regular Snapple I would have given them a 4.
4	The bagels and pasteries here are delicious.  Maybe it's a good thing this place isn't closer to my house or I would eat here all the time.  Mmmm, carbs!As Max said, it's not really a young, hip place to hang out but they make good eats.  Swing by and grab some bagels to go and be sure to pick up an amazing cranberry muffin.  I swear, they are like the size of your fist!
5	I love everything bagels, and Lox Stock & Bagel  has both a wheat and white everything bagel, which are both to die for.  The store is kind of tucked away in a shopping center, off of Hayden, but it is well worth the bagel shop is well-worth the time searching.
3	Ok so I got a salt bagel and cream cheese. The salt bagel was wayyy too salty ..I know I know its a salt bagel, but seriously it was beyond salty and I couldnt brush some of it off. Which I generally can it was like baked in or something. It was pretty good but the texture was not that of a bagel it was more like a kaiser roll shaped like a bagel. For over 3 bucks for a bagel (retarded) I think it should be like the best bagel that ever happened. I'd give it another shot because it is better than Chompies and other places Ive been but I will not have another salt bagel. I also did not check the ingredients for trans fat or shortening so that is really ruining my life right now. I will update once I find out exactly how homemade these puppies are. and then learn to live life knowing I didnt look first like I always do. but we will see.More like 2 and a half stars but im rounding up today :)
4	I was tipped off to this place by a friend I worked out with at the LA Fitness next door, so I decided to give it a try. The food is above average, for sure. It is possible to get a healthy, filling lunch for less than $10, so that's a huge plus for me. Way better than the crap they serve at Paradise Bakery masquerading as healthy, and more variety than Subway every day.I got the roast beef bagel sandwich on wheat, toasted, with lettuce, tomato, cucumber, onion, sprouts, and mustard. The lunch deal comes with a side (I got fruit salad) and a drink. Yes I know bagels are not the most healthy bread, but I love me a good bagel, yes sir.The thing that really moves this place up to 4 stars from 3 is the service. They asked my name and were very friendly, asking if it was my first time in, an repeating my name several times as I checked out and left. I got the feeling they were interested in my coming back and probably would remember my name.
5	Best bagels in arizona!! They blueberry bagels with blueberry creme cheese is amazing!! They are fresh daily, never hard or lacking flavor. They owners are amazing and the people definitely are friendly and remember me no matter how often or little I am in there. The prices are right and they will go above and beyond to toast your bagel exactly the way you want it! Even the young people there are very friendly and inviting!! Check it out and hit the gym next door, to keep that spare tire at bay! ;)
4	So I have to admit I love bagels for breakfast, lunch or dinner! I can honestly say I've never had a bad experience here! Great sun dried tomato with salsa cream cheese. Beats any other bagel joint in the city. (atleast the other ones I've been to) they have a lot to choose from even a delicious, gigantic breakfast burrito.
4	We stopped in for a quick breakfast on our way to Taliesin West.  My wife ordered an egg bagel with strawberry cream cheese and I opted for a breakfast burrito.  Her bagel was amazing, probably one of the best I've tried in years.  They had a great variety both of bagels and spreads.  The breakfast burrito was huge and quite tasty.  I wish though they had a half sized burrito as I ended up only needing about half of it.  It had a hefty price too at $7 but it was monster big.We were disappointed in the coffee though.  My wife ordered an iced espresso mocha and it had a strong scorched taste.  I'm not sure if we caught them on a bad batch but it was enough of a disappointment to knock off a star for what is clearly a great local bagel joint.Service was good and quick.  We were in and out in just minutes.  I definitely would recommend this place and would come back.  I'm certain the coffee is normally better.
4	We were looking for a quick breakfast place before heading to the airport to fly back home and came across Lox, Stock & Bagel on Yelp. I am a big fan of bagels but have never heard of them so figured we'd check it out based on other positive reviews. I'm pleased we did!  I ordered the Hawaiian Bagel with honey almond cream cheese and a yogurt based raspberry fruit smoothie (because they don't offer chai tea lattes which are my hot morning drink of choice). The bagel had coconut and pineapple on the outside - top and bottom - and was super yummy!  The cream cheese spread was thick and obviously hand made because there were large pieces of sliced almonds in it. Yum!  And my smoothie was very good too. Better than I expected. My bf ordered the egg, cheese, and bacon breakfast sandwich on a marble rye bagel. He thought it was outstanding because they were fresh made eggs and not frozen patties and the bacon was also nice and crisp. His only complaint was the extremely hot coffee that burned his mouth and took forever to cool down. To sum it up; great bagels, lots of options, and freshly made food. Great quick breakfast!  Wish I had one near me in WI!
5	One of my favorite local places to go! Worth the money. Excellent bagels.  I have tried 80% of the menu over the last 10 years, and I don't think I have had anything that was not wonderful.  Tuna sandwich is my favorite!  Everyone is super sweet and I love that it is owner operated!
5	Ive been going to Lox for years and have never been anything but satisfied! The bagels are always extremely fresh, even close to closing time!  The variety of cream cheeses just makes my mouth water thinking about it!! But if you want to get something more unique their many different kinds of breakfast sandwiches will always fill you up!!  Not to mention all kinds of drinks from Juice, Milk, Chocolate milk, soda, coffee and more! Why would you go anywhere else!The service has always been top knotch! The family owned restaurant are the friendliest around; area for kids to play with legos, tables you can move for larger groups and FREE WI-FI!!!!
5	This is my favorite bagel shop in the valley. Everything here is good! The prices are just a little more than what you're going to a chain bagel shop (but I'd rather pay a little more to be supporting a local establishment anyway... especially when the food is better). Plus there's some humorous jewish bumperstickers taped under the menu board.  Not only do I aprecciate it as a jew, but who else would you trust to run a bagel shop?They have a great variety of bagels, and a decent variety of coffee flavors. I can't comment on the other food and drinks they have there, but if it's half as good as a bagel and cream cheese, then it's got to be great. The only negative is the parking. The shopping center Lox Stock & Bagel is located in is way too small compared to the shopping (and gym) space. You'll always find a spot that is a short walk away, so it's not too bad. It's just annoying that it's always hard to find a close spot.
5	I've been going to this place, literally since it opened, which is basically my entire life. The bagels have always been top notch, and they add a new flavor every year or two. The newest item is the bagel dog, which is a hebrew national hotdog wrapped in their bagel dough. Probably the best bagel dog ever made. I usually order a bagel sandwich.The atmosphere is nice and relaxed, free wifi, and a TV with the sound off. One thing that needs to be cleared up. The bagels here are slightly more expensive than einsteins or comparable chain. However, these bagels are HUGE. Easily 50% larger than an einstein's bagel. If you get a bagel sandwich you will be full; lunch special is a GREAT deal. And this is a family owned place, and i'm sure most of us would rather support az families than corporate owners. Bottom Line: GO THERE, ORDER TURKEY CHIVE ON WHOLE WHEAT MIXED, :)
5	Service with a smile is just the beginning to this local bagel shop.  I highly recommend getting a mixed topping bagel with tuna, deli mustard, lettuce, tomato, and a slice of provolone cheese.  Dont pass up on getting a side of the tuna salad while you are at it.  This is by far the best bagel shop in the state.
2	For as expensive as this is, at least they could give you a real cup for coffee vs. styrofoam.
5	Lox stock is my favorite bagel place in town.  They do some wonderful catering also.  I always avoid the typical chain restaurants and while it may be hard to try a new place, you will be happy with the food at Lox Stock.  Let the boring and unadventerous go elsewhere.  It is quite possible the bagels at Lox Stock are the best you will find west of the Hudson River!
5	I finally had the pleasure of trying one of my neighborhood bagel shops this morning on a way to an early morning wake-up call event. After having passed by Lox Stock & Bagel many times after visiting the gym. I was feeling in the mood for a morning carbo load and this is the place for that!I walked inside and was welcomed by the scent of freshly made bagels by a local bagel shop. The staff welcome me with huge smiles, regardless of the early hour. Fresh bagels lined the walls and the second I notice a pumpkin bagel, I knew this was my place. I ordered the pumpkin bagel with pumpkin cream cheese. Turkey day is only a couple days away so I had to embrace the pumpkin season.The shop itself has a true neighborhood bagel shop feel to it. Locals sit and chat in the chairs and the owners are curious and eager to know their customers. That's half the fun of visiting a bagel shop and I missed that feel to others around town. Since I was in a hurry, I had to be on my way, but they wished me a good day and I couldn't wait to come back againOh and the bagel! I enjoyed the bagel in my car and yum it was tasty! The pumpkin bagel and cream cheese both had a strong flavor to it and I decided that a plain bagel with just pumpkin cream cheese or a pumpkin bagel with regular cream cheese would do the trick as well. I'm glad that I've found my new go-to spot for my bagel cravings!
5	I've been eating here for 10+ years. Never a bad meal and I've had everything. I'm allergic to corn and every bagel place out here has cornmeal on the bottom, not this place!  REAL BAGELS IN ARIZONA!!?? WOW. These taste just like the ones back home in New Jersey!!  Best toppings amount and bagel size in the valley.
5	Hands down, the best bagel shop in the Valley.  Family owned, employees who care, and bagels to die for.  There isn't a bagel shop in the Phoenix area that even comes close.  Guess who provides bagels to the top resorts in the area?  You guessed right....Lock Stock & Bagel.  If you like bagels, do yourself a favor and visit this shop....like I have done  every week for the last decade.
5	When it comes to bagels in Scottsdale it doesn't get much better than lox.  My family and I have probably been going here for the past 14 years.  I am IN LOVE with the veggie cream cheese, nothing else compares!  The staff is all so friendly, and they start to learn your name if there there enough!  The bagels are always fresh and delicious!  They even have really cute holiday baskets around the store!  Wonderful place! I would recommend it to ANYONE!:)
5	Best bagels on the planet, hands down. Great people too....moved to California 7 years ago but always stop by when i am in town visiting and they still call me by my name and act as if i am an everyday customer. It doesn't get any better than this place
4	After leaving another place without breakfast, we decided to try Lox Stock & Bagel.  This was a good choice.  Bagels and Bialys are really great.  I was able to get a great bialy sandwich.  My husband had the chicken salad bagel sandwich.  It was great tasting.  And my little girl was very entertained while she ate her scrambled eggs.  We will be coming back to taste other sandwiches.
5	This place has really good bagels. I don't crave bagels often, but when I do I come here. My favorite is the spinach pesto. This is probably the only place I've seen with this flavor. I like mines toasted with plain butter. Simple and yummy goodness.  Their salads are good, too. I will alternate between the spinach salad and the red pepper chicken salad. The spinach salad is topped with bacon bits and sliced strawberries. The sliced chicken in the red pepper salad is kind of different. It looks slightly odd but it is really tasty. Both salads come lightly dressed (which I prefer) and in large portions. The first time I ordered it, I thought they had forgot to put the dressing on (that's how light it is). But when I tasted it, it was full of flavor. You easily can make two meals out of these salads. Their salad also comes with a bagel of your choice.Excellent choice for breakfast or lunch. I've never had their bagel sandwiches but my coworkers all seem to enjoy them.
5	I took the morning spin class at the LA Fitness in the same shopping center as Lox Stock & Bagel. I then decided to ruin that workout with a bagel and cream cheese. I'm not disappointed with my choice. I tried a spinach and Pesto bagel with plain cream cheese. It's just as good as everything else I've ever tried from Lox Stock & Bagel. And I had to have their Jazzy Java. It's the greatest coffee in the valley. And even better; I just learned today that Lox Stock & Bagel sells bags of the grinded beans!
4	Super nice staff, clean establishment and GREAT food. Definitely recommend it and will be back again.
5	Awesome bagels, nice people.
5	Not only are their bagels delicious, but they have THE BEST COFFEE in the valley, hands down.  Add a touch of cream and a little sweetener to their hazelnut vanilla brew or their breakfast blend for a slightly less sweeter version and it's practically HEAVEN in cup.  I'm not kidding.  I am a serious coffee drinker (couldn't tell ,could you?) and I am very picky.  So picky that before I discovered Lox, I would only drink the coffee that I made for myself at home because no one else's was good enough.  However, now that I have had the glorious coffee from Lox Stock & Bagel even my own coffee doesn't measure up.  I literally stop by and pick up a cup from there almost every day. YUMMMM!
5	Best bagels you can find in Phoenix...family owned and operated...very simple spot...try it!
2	This place is close to my office, but I'd never been before. There was a  Groupon offered last week so I thought I'd try it out.The good: my salt bagel was *actually* salty. Since most places have decided that sprinkling one or two crystals of kosher salt on a bagel is good enough, this made me happy. The service was quick and pleasant and the restaurant was clean and well-kept. Onion, lox, tomato, and cream cheese were all as one would expect.The bad: yet another fluffy-thing advertising itself as a bagel. My bagel had no chew whatsoever. I get more resistance from an Einstein's bagel. I'll stick with Chompie's for now.
4	Family business bagel shops are my favorite.  I found this place through Groupon and decided to check it out.  The name itself intrigued me as Lox means salmon fillet that is cured.  I didn't go with salmon, but I got a honey wheat bagel with veggie lite cream cheese.  The cream cheese was freshly made with carrots, garlic, and celery.  It had a light taste to go with a healthy and hearty sized bagel.  My friends got croissants with cheese which tasted delicious as well.  The prices are very reasonable here and you can order bagels by the dozen.
5	On a nice thursday morning last week, I had nothing in my house to eat for breakfast. I had always seen this place because it's next door to my gym, so I figured I'd give it a chance.THIS, is your local neighborhood bagelry. It's a fun vibe, the kind of place you want to sit and chat with friends.Although I took my order to go, the lovely woman at the counter was a sweetheart. I ordered a very bizarre breakfast because I am trying to stay fit. Egg white scramble with swiss cheese....and a side of lox. She didn't judge me for my strange order. In fact, she commended me for it.Thank God.The lox were phenom! A little on the pricey side ($6.50 for 3oz), but everything good comes at a price. The egg white scramble was only $3. Everything tasted great. I am coming back. Not just because the food was awesome....but because I felt welcome.
4	4/11/11It's been so long since I could enjoy bagels, since most are made w/ corn syrup and/or other additives and preservatives, that when I found out a couple of weeks ago, via online inquiry, that the bagels here aren't made w/ cornmeal, cornstarch, corn syrup, or baking powder, I knew I had to try this place!  By sheer luck, the day after the email notification came through, I was able to take advantage of a groupon for LSaB!  (However, that will have to wait another time to be used.)  As if I needed a third excuse to try this cafe, I found out that this venue is in the vicinity of where I work.  How lucky am I??After a bit of adventure locating this place using the Yelp mapping directions, and then driving around the busy complex looking for a spot, I entered the cafe.  It seemed like luck was on my side again, bec. this place got busy right after I placed my order.  (BTW, business is still brisk as I'm typing this review!)  I couldn't decide what to try, so I decided to do two bagels: a French toast (w/ maple syrup and bacon bits baked in!) w/ honey-whipped peanut butter (Skippy-brand), and a sesame seed bagel w/ Nova lox cream cheese.  I asked that half of the bagels be toasted for me to eat here, so that I may take the other halves to-go.  No problem, said owner Michelle, and she gave me the spreads "on the side," so that I may have leftovers to take w/ me, as well.  I really like the personable service here, and I appreciate the patience and consideration shown to me by both Michelle and her employee in looking up ingredients for me.  Spotting the book I was holding (Picoult's Sing You Home), Michelle asked me if I was enjoying it (yes!), as she had just finished reading it herself last night.  Did I know that Picoult visits LSaB when she's in town??  What an interesting day that would be for me if I were to run into her on a future visit!  :)Anyhoo, to make a long story as short as possible, I will say that I enjoyed the bagels so much, that I decided to try a third one- the wholegrain whole wheat bagel (again, half to-go), and I also ordered a small coffee.  Michelle uses the local roaster Espressions, which I was happy to hear since I have enjoyed Espressions in the past.  The wholegrain wheat bagel is definitely more dense than the other two, which were made w/ white flour.  LSaB also offers a fluffier honey whole wheat bagel made w/ a whole wheat and white flour blend.  Since I already had the sugar in the honey-whipped peanut butter to contend w/, I decided to go w/ the denser oatmeal-topped wholegrain bagel, which indeed was heartier and chewier than the other two- I liked it!Can't wait to return, w/ or w/out the groupon!(FYI, the bacon served here is from a local distributor, and while it doesn't contain celery juice/salt, it does contain cornstarch-- corn allergy sufferers beware.)
4	Great bagels.  I had the lox and it was delicious.  Would definitely return.
5	Great bagels, great chopped liver and very friendly staff.  Great deli.
5	Best breakfast burritos hands down. Nothing quite hits the spot like these bad boys.I also recommend the French toast bagel. Great place to sit on the patio and enjoy a book on a lazy Sunday.
4	You like bagels?  Get them while there hot!
3	Service was really good... Food was so so... I would not go back
4	I'm a chicken salad connoisseur... this chicken salad was pretty good! Bagels are awesome and you can taste the difference. Perfect lunch spot.
5	The BEST bagels in the Valley!!  Always on the lookout for great places to go with kids!
3	Looking for a quick, casual place for a bagel and coffee?  This could be your place.  Just know going in that it's no frills; it's exactly that: a quick, casual place for a bagel, muffin, coffee, or sandwich.  The menu is pretty limited beyond those things.LS&B is a fast-casual concept where you order at the counter and pay and then sit down and they bring you your food.  I met a friend here recently for Sunday breakfast.  I had my husband in tow and she had two kids...  we had a decent experience but it definitely didn't blow me away.My friend went with a bagel and lox plate (i assume this is their signature dish).  I had a bagel and egg sandwich, Jared had a couple of bagels, and the kids had a bagel and a large cookie.  The food was just ok.  I have to say I like the bagels better elsewhere in the Valley, and even in Detroit.  I know not to compare to NY or my rating would be even lower.  Positive reasons for coming here are that they are super quick, they offer indoor and outdoor seating, friendly service, and a lego table where the little ones can play.  Parking is easy as well.
1	Worst Breakfast Burrito for too much money.  For $9 - basically scrambled eggs and a flour tortilla.   I told them not to add ham because I read on their web site before I drove over that there was bacon.  No bacon and could not taste the cheese.   I asked for light egg and potato and was talked out of it...  "we only put in 2 eggs"  Well it was one too many.   The salsa was the horrible NYC type.   We are too close to the border for that. It was nice and hot though.
5	I was overjoyed to find this place.I was stuck in a day long training and was looking for something to eat during my lunch break. Sweet! This place is so friendly and has such  nice vibe. The people who work here, (the owners?) were so nice and they seemed to have a lot of "regulars" from what I observed. I don't eat bagels very often, but, I was in definite need of some comfort food after a long morning and the anticipation  of a long afternoon. I ordered an egg and cheddar cheese bagel sandwich on a sesame bagel (I was jazzed I could get the breakfast sandwich at lunchtime) with a garden salad to go. When I got into my car I took a bite of my bagel sandwich........yum!! It was perfect and the best part of my day!I will be back!
5	I friggin love this place. It has such a family feel, and you always see the same staff (a couple, I think they must be the owners) every weekend. They definitely don't let you take your time as you order before you pay, but you get your food very quickly and they bring it right over to your table. The bagels are delicious and the smoked salmon bagel (The Works) is enough for two-- just get an additional bagel with cream cheese and you're good!
5	WOW! This place has THE best bagels, hands down. I could eat their bagels everyday! I usually just get a toasted egg bagel with plain cream cheese and it's ALWAYS perfect. Sometimes I add lox and it's tasty too. They have many varieties of bagels and cream cheeses to choose from. You can eat there or take them home. My husband always gets one of their bagel breakfast sandwiches and it is consistently good. I have been going there since 1999 and have NEVER been disappointed. If you want to finally try what a bagel should taste like (be prepared to be hooked on it) you need to come here.
5	I have been goingt to Lox Stock and Bagel for years. It is a family owned, fresh out of the oven delicatessen and bakery. The bagels are the best in town and the cream cheese selection is wonderful. My favorite item is the fruit, yogurt and granola parfait, delicious! The best bagel hands down is the cinnamon goey. I can always count on Lox Stock to satisfy whatever bagel craving I am having at the moment. The coffee is always hot, the service is always fast and friendly and the food is always fabulous!
5	Lox Stock & Bagel offers great food in a friendly atmosphere.  From the bagels to the lox to the cream cheese everything is tasty and fresh. For a great meal of bagels, don't miss this!!
4	I went here a couple weeks ago to use a Groupon I had bought. I used to go here as a kid, and the place lived up to my memories. The bagels were dense, but in a good way, and the cream cheese was delicious. I got an everything bagel egg and cheese sandwich and that was very tasty. The BF got a blueberry bagel and liked that too. There's just something special about deli bagels and cream cheese.... nothing like ones you can get from the store. Also, these bagels were even better than Chompie's bagels have been lately, so that's a good thing.  We also had their coffee, which I thought wasn't great, but wasn't terrible. Despite this, I will definitely be back the next time I feel like a bagel.
4	Warm, fluffy insides with just the right amount of crisp on the outside. That's exactly what you'll get a LS&B, a place I totally heart. Their cream cheese is delicious, there is a huge variety of bagels and the owners are super friendly too. I haven't tried their lunch yet but hear great things about it. You can be in and out with your coffee and bagel in under 5 minutes or stick around and use their free wifi. Order the cream cheese on the side if you aren't a fan of having tons smothered on.
5	I LOVE this place!  The choice of bagels are amazing, there as so many selections of cream cheese, the place is adorable and the staff does a great job!This is a "mom and pop" owned cafe and I really like supporting local & family owned businesses.  It's so important to support our neighborhoods and community.  They do a delicious bagel turkey sandwich with melted cheese and tomatoes! It's faaaaaaabulous!!LOVE Lox, Stock!  Keep up the great work!
5	Enjoyed the Veggie Bagel Sandwich today from Lox, Stock & Bagel.  I met the owner Michelle and she was very nice and made my sandwich just the way I liked it. I had the sesame bagel which complimented the whole veggie sandwich and gave it a nice flavor. I was also able to use the Yelp Offer for a free drink with my first check in.
3	As of this very second,I was let down enough to leave it at three stars instead of 4 or 5. Why?Oh yelp reviewers, i expect so much from your reviews and that is why i love and hate this site for the sole reason that you are made to believe that ever morsel of food entering your mouth will be complete bliss and nothing less (unless stated otherwise with words of caution).   The location was right next to an L.A. Fitness how convenient(My gym, not exactly as location, but you know what i mean!) so it should be easier to find look for L.A. fitness then look to the right and there you have it!  It is a cute place i could definitely seeing myself eat at every once in awhile if i were to live close by, i am all about small mom and pop type shops. So many bagels to choose from and things i have never even heard of or could remember at the top of my head.  What i did know at the time was i NEED to try the cinnamon gooey and the french toast. By the sounds of both they had my heart set on this breath taking image of cinnamony swirls gooey and delicious and a big mapley flavored french toast in the form of a bagel so crispy on the outside.  Out of 100% only 25% was filled with what i was imagining if not less than that(me being generous).  Severely disappointed with the cinnamon gooey because it was not what i expected what so ever. It was not really "crisp" it was fresh not hot but just MEH never again kind of a taste especially to pay extra because its a "special" bagel or whatever. Pshhh Not in my book. I could find better for less at Einsteins and its better but smaller and cinnamon on it is equally distributed unlike Lox's.  The honey almond cream cheese was not a winner. Just ordinary with a hint of honey and good amount of almond slivers.  The French toast bagel on the hand is different i loved the fluffiness in one bite! cannot wait to eat the rest this morning. The strawberry cream cheese was delicious but like i said you can always find something similar or better for less elsewhere.  It did not have a mapley flavor like i was hoping but the fluffiness caught my attention crisp and fluffy! NICE. Service was awesome i dont know what foursquare people are thinking or who they spoke with. I was grungy looking and they treated me fine. Now i can understand if you are being a Scottsdale typical snob and fitting the stereotype or just being a bitchy customer than you deserve it. Pardon my French but I will state it as it is.  I do not sugar coat honey.  The nice things with mom and pop places is that they have the right to refuse service but are trying to make their profit and probably can't say no to the people that are acting like douche bags. If i am in the area i will stop and try more again. But i will never go out of my way again for this(unless my best friend comes out i will go for that but that's it!)
4	I was skeptical when called and asked for open-faced on an everything bagel and the voice on the other line replied "what?" Then when I went to pick up my order I was a bit dismayed at the chaos of the place. It was not organized chaos like New York bagel shops that I am used to; where they haggle you as soon as you walk through the door. It was simply chaos. Bunch of kids running around while I stood there waiting. Finally one of the ladies caught my eye and helped me out. I don't necessarily expect top class service at a bagel shop but at least a greeting or acknowledgement is all I ask. Baring the somewhat odd experience, my reservations about LS&B were thrown out the window when tasting the open-faced tuna. Simple and delicious. Can't wait to try more of their food.
5	A Bagel Card!  Every seventh bagel and cream cheese free!  I didn't really need an excuse to get the best bagel I've ever had west of the Mississippi, but it doesn't hurt to have one!
4	I have a special place in my heart for this place since it is owned by some of the same people who started Bagel & Bagel, which was in STL and KC in the early/mid 90s, before being acquired, then ruined by Einstein's. Lox Stock & Bagel has many of the same B&B spreads that take me back to college days at KU. I'm kind of a bagel snob, was raised on and prefer east coast, water bagels. So this place is NOT that, but still tasty, consistent. The staff is very nice, and even though I moved almost two years ago, they always remember me by name when I'm back in town. It's got a great community vibe and they serve the locally made, China Myst tea (yum).
5	I can't recall the last time I tasted a bagel this good. . .PROS: service was prompt, and just ever so slightly abrupt, but in a manner that was in no way offensive--their message is efficiency and they are damn good at it. Two types of iced tea were much appreciated. The bagel? Slightly crunchy on the outside and fresh and chewy (in a good way) on the inside. Perfectly toasted. Wonderful flavor!CONS: only one--they don't have a store near my homeWhy can't we get bagels like this on the Central Coast of CA? Cheers!RS
5	Great bagels and coffee. Very kid friendly.
4	When I think of bagel places, I think of those deli like hole in the walls that are on every single corner in NY & NJ-where they fry the bacon and eggs right in front of you.Since arriving in AZ, my only options include Einstein bagels(not bad..but their egg sandwiches stink), Supermarket bagels (boo) and Dunkin Donuts, which are nowhere close to me to even be an option.This place is literally around the corner from my job. I had no idea it was in this strip mall (shocking). It feels like a real bagel place!!I had a wonderful poppy seed bagel with egg, bacon and provolone.It has some seating, is clean, and very friendly staff.Nothing out of the ordinary with the decor, but I'm so excited to find this place that I can't wait to go back.
2	Overpriced and nothing special really, I had Bagel, Lox and works, all I got is 2 see through tiny pieces of lox for $10! Bagel was good and fresh but for this price I might as well go to Einstein bagels for more lox and cream cheese
4	Since I've posted my first review I've been contacted by the owners, who suggested that possible portion error has occurred and I should had received more lox. They offered complimentary  bagel and lox for my next visit. Well I did not came back to my free bagel yet but I'm changing my rating on this review first, because I appreciate and respect he owners who are not afraid to admit a mistake and also truly care about their business. And second, their bagels are simply delicious and yes lets support small local business and forget about Einstein Bagels :-D
5	Was there recently with my husband. We are very particular about our bagels and only buy from certain shops in the Westchester, NY area. I always check Yelp for their reviews and this one did not disappoint!! We love the whole wheat everything (covered with seeds, salt etc.) WW Bagels were not heavy (doughy) very slightly crispy on the outside and light on the inside. Bagels were delicious, but even better, were the everything bialy's. We each had our bagel, but were still hungry and shared a bialy, which we never do! Wow was that good and light. Not your typical onion in center NY bialy with poppy seeds, but more of a lighter version of this shops bagel.  We hate doughy bagels and bialys, so if you feel the same, this is the place for the spoiled New Yorker. We will be back on our next trip for sure...
4	Just a brief review to let you know that this is STILL a great local business that deserves your bagel business.Small shop with 5 outside tables and seating for about 40 inside.  The bagels here are crusty on the outside and chewy inside.  Staff is friendly and efficient.  Place your order at the counter, pay, give cashier your name, and your order will be delivered in less than 5 minutes.They have about 4-5 blends of coffee daily and, they offer free coffee with a yelp check in. (must order at least a bagel)Prices are reasonable and they do have a punch card for dozens
5	If you are in arizona and in search of bagels, bialys, cream cheese spreads, danishes, lox, etc. .......this must become your go to place.I discovered my family had been purchasing theirs at some other local establishment and it tasted awful. It tasted just as bad as frozen lenders bagels. I immediately told them we were taking a trip (aka 10 minute car ride) over to lox, stock, and bagel and actually stocking up on all the good stuff. I am also not usually one for small talk, but the owners and employees here and are so friendly that I can never help but to strike up a conversation with them.You have to check this place out!
5	This is such a great bagel place! They have a great assortment of flavors of bagels, bilays and shmears!I personally love a more crispy, not as doughy bagel and if you like that too, I would recommend the bilays! They are fantastic. They have less sugar and are crispier and lighter than an average bagel. I love the everything bialy or whole wheat bialy with the "dip" schmear add cucumber, tomatoes and capers. The dip spread is a salsa style schmear and should be tried at least once!They also have an assortment of sandwiches and side salads, lox, and pasteries. I would also recommend their yummy cinnamon and sugar bagel chips that they use from day old bagels. They are amazing with a little bit of cream cheese!Their passion fruit iced tea is almost a must while you are there.The place is always busy but they have plenty of seating inside as well as a few tables and chairs outside. The service is very friendly. Also, if you check in on yelp, you get 1 free coffee or soda!Love this place and i will definitley be back next time i am in Arizona!
5	Oooh, this is my favorite lunch place by my office.  Super nice staff, delicious bagels.  Go for the lox special thing, it's amazing.
5	These are the best bagels I have ever had in my life.  I have not been here personally, but a co-worker lives nearby and brings them in on Friday mornings. They are so fluffy and fat. I would like to go there myself to try other items on the meny. But as far as being a bagel shop, these guys got it right.
5	We ordered bagels, cream cheese and iced tea to take on our vacation to San Diego. Of course we had VIP treatment as they do with every customer. All the "extras" were very much appreciated as were the delicious food and drink. BEST bagels and ICED TEA! Thanks so much Michele!
3	Just ate here this morning after a long night of drinking and waking up with a hankering for some super delish bagels.  This place is a little far away from my lovely little spot of tempe, but it was nice to find a bagel nosh spot that isn't Einstein Bros.  Walking in, immediately hit with the intoxicating aroma of fresh baked goodies and coffee.  I definitely stood in front of the menu for about 5min trying to figure out my ultimate hunger quenching decision.  Ended up getting the everything bagel with some raspberry cream cheese.  Super toasty and delicious that I inhaled in approximately 5.25 minutes.  I had to get like 5 napkins to wipe away all the excess cream cheese that was all over my face.  It was probably the most attractive way that I've ever eaten a bagel.  To wash everything down I ordered a "fresh OJ" which was merely poured from a 2 gallon jug that was obviously not the freshly squeezed nectar that I was expecting to help hydrate and boost my vitamin C for the day.  This place had a lot of old people in it.  Not really my cup of tea, it needed more hipsters.  They have free wi-fi though!!!  So if you've been looking for that new place sit down and get a couple more chapters done on your new teen vamp novel done, you've found your perfect spot!! My overall experience was wonderful and I would recommend if you're one of those foodie bagel types.
4	While searching for an ATM machine on Saturday night, we saw this place off in the distance.  Drove by it and it looked pretty cool so we decided we would come to it in the morning before we headed out of town.  I rarely see stand alone bagel shops anymore so we really wanted to try it.Walked in around 10 and the place was happening!  Tons of people were eating their food there and a few were getting things to go.  They had a wide variety of bagels and they also had bialys.  I had heard the word "bialy" before but had no idea of what they were so I asked the super helpful lady at the counter.  She explained that they are like a bagel, less tasty, but more healthy.  She explained they are baked and made without sugar.  I decided to try a plain one of those and got 2 everything bagels too.  My wife got an onion bagel and a rye bagel both with cream cheese.  Total for everything was a little over $10.00.  Not bad for 5 bagels, 2 of them with cream cheese.  These things were HUGE!   Bonus points too.......the lady packed Ziploc freezer bags and twist ties in our bag to go just in case we weren't going to eat them right away.   That was some good looking out!  So how did they taste?......Bialy-  Not bad but the lady was right.  It was kind of like eating a hard dinner roll almost.  It was decent but I don't know if I would get one again.  I would maybe get a flavored one instead of plain.  Next trip to Scottsdale I will let you guys know ;-)Everything Bagel-  I had these when we got home for dinner.  They were awesome!  These things were massive yet they tasted great.  Sometimes you get a large bagel and its dried out and airy....not these things!  I had one with just butter and one with peanut butter and jelly.  They were really great and super filling. I had a few bites of my wifes onion bagel too.  The onion bagel with cream cheese was really good.  Little tip here though that can save you a buck or two for you thrifty bastards ;-).  If you are buying 2 bagels and want cream cheese, only get one with cream cheese.  They slather these up with so much, you can scrape the excess off and use it on your other one.  You can then use that extra buck or two to tip the nice ladies that work here.I would definitely come back here again when we go back to Scottsdale.  The girl taking care of us was super nice and helpful, the bagels were great and the price was decent.  Overall, a good shop to have around if you live in Scottsdale!
4	Really good bagels, friendly owners and workers, and clean too. I really enjoyed listening to the owner wandering around visiting with customers and their children. If you bring your children I think I saw a little lego'style play area. We had the deluxe lox and bagel breakfast and it was quite tasty. Loved the old-timey pics on the wall near the bathroom. This place smells warm and cozy and a little bit New York from the moment you walk in the door. Oh, and the cinnamon crunchy bagel chips were just this side of heaven.
3	Bagels are pretty good! They have so many different kinds and I was like a kid in a candy shop. I would have loved to order a bunch of bagels especially the most desert ones the like cinnamon ones. Only thing I was kinda sad about was when I ordered my juice I thought it would be fresh since it said fresh juice but the apple juice came from a 'Tree Top' or some brand like that container. Major bummer but I went there for the bagel not the juice. Still an awesome bagel. My only suggestion would be getting the Simply Apple juice if fresh is not possible.
5	Ny style
5	I've been coming here for years and it is definitely the best bagel shop in town!! They have a wide variety of bagels, cream cheese and sandwiches that are all delicious! I would personally recommend the egg and oreo bagels. Staff is friendly and prices are reasonable. They also have really good lemonade :)Overall, if you're in the area or looking for a nice bagel/sandwich shop, check this place out!! Oh, and they offer a lot of coupons and specials on their Facebook page so be sure to check for those too!
5	Very good bagels and a lot of options!
4	Bagels are very good. It gets kudos for being a local small business.If you are price conscious, you may get a little sticker shock, but keep in mind that it is a "ma & pa" business, and therefore doesn't have the purchasing power of a chain like Einstein.
3	I'm always on the lookout for a good bagel and cup of coffee. I was killing time until golf, so decided to read the newspaper, and have a cup of coffee. Noticed this small bagel shop and thought I would give it a try, and I'm glad I did.  There was a wide variety of bagels - you order it, they prepare it, and bring it to your seat. Since I had ordered just a bagel with cream cheese and was going to sit outside, I thought I would just wait for it.  Nope - they insisted I sit down and they would bring it to me.  Which they did, and fairly promptly too - it just seemed kind of strange.The bagel was great, coffee was good, and the weather was nice - made a great morning, and I will try it again.
4	Nice local bagel shop, opens at 5:30AM, and not part of a chain which is a big plus.NYC style?  Close enough for AZ.  Bagels are as good as you will get in the Valley, just short of that chewy tasty bagel we all enjoy in NYC.  That said they aren't bad and there is a pretty good selection of bagels, spreads are also numerous (try the southwest!).Owners are super nice, again yet another plus.So a 4 for now, this is my second review and I will be back.  Bottom-line the positives outweighed the small dings I would highly recommend a visit.
5	This spot is our favorite place to bring the kids for some breakfast! The service and food are top notch!
5	I've been meaning to write a review for this amazing place and keep forgetting.  My Wife recommended riding our bikes there this morning for coffee and bagels while Grandma has the kids for a few hours.  Bottom line, the bagels are the best in town (the closest you can get to NYC).  The owners are there everyday and greet everyone with a smile...which goes a long way with me and the staff is just as helpful and friendly.Don't waste your time or money on any of the other bagel shops is town...this one is a can't miss!Craig PS - it's a great place for kids too, they have etcha-sketch boards and play tables and both my kids love their bagels, donuts, and muffins.  Enjoy!
5	Another great trip to Lox Stock!!
4	If you are looking for a friendly local bagel maker that really knows how to make home made chicken noodle soup and wonderful speads for his homemade bagels-you need to look no further. Super comfortable local vibe in the Paseo Shopping Center in McCormick Ranch-these folks moved from Kansas City many years ago and started their own shop. So if you dream of real bagels, lox and cream cheese-this is the place.
3	Not really sure what all the fuss is about.  Perhaps I'm biased ... my girlfriend is from Long Island, NY, and the bagel shops there are incredible.  The customer service here is good and the food is decent, but the prices are a little expensive for what you get, and what you get isn't that great.  Note: if you're going to charge $3 for orange juice, don't take out a cheap carton right in front of me and pour out some orange juice.  At least pretend it's fresh squeezed!  :-)
5	I've had a number of other bagels and today found out that I have been eating garbage. This place has the best bagels I have ever eaten in my life. Lox, Bagel and the Works is delish!! Coffee does not make your hair stand up or make your heart race - tastes great! Service is fast and friendly. Will definitely be back again. Place is small so get there early on weekends. There is seating outside too.
4	These are the best bagels you can get in Phoenix. DJ's in Fountain Hills is a close second. It is the closest you can get to a true NYC bagel. I typically get the bagels to go, though I know they have sandwich options for both Breakfast and Lunch.My favorite bagel is the Black Russian. Pumpernickel with Sesame Seeds.
5	I am originally from NJ via NY so I know what a bagel is supposed to taste like; or so I thought! This place now set the bar for what a perfect bagel should both look and taste like. First of all, these bagels are the biggest bagels in have ever had. They are always fresh and when eaten at the restaurant, there is never a need to have them toasted. They have all the standard flavors and then some. My personal favorite is the whole wheat mixed. I have them scoop the innerds so there are no calories .They make a great breakfast sandwich on a bagel with plenty of freshly scrambled egg and nice crisp bacon (if you ask for it) and your choice of cheese. The tuna and chicken salad are always fresh and tasty. They also make incredible potato salad! My mouth is watering just writing this review. The staff is always friendly. There are often Groupons and Restaurant.com savings.  For a great breakfast, give Lox, Stock a try. You won't be disappointed.
5	The only bad thing I can say is...why can't they open one in N. Phoenix where I moved to!? This is the best bagel spot in Phoenix. Hands down. I'm writing this because I went out of my way on my 30th birthday to come here for lunch. Everything is always great. I used to frequent for morning bagels when I lived nearby. You can't get these kind of bagels at the chain places. These are hand crafted amd clearly made with the love of bagels in mind. I have had many other things on the menu but have tried many different bagel and schemer combos and even their Oreo Chicolate bagel was amazing! (Not a fan of sweet things that should be savory) I would recommend this place to anyone for any reason on any day. Gets a little crowded early mornings so be prepared to queue up a bit. Favorite bagels in AZ. And I've looked abd looked and looked ever since moving from CA.
2	Added a tip to my.credit card that I didn't put on, shorted me one from a half dozen. Bagels are tasty but I won't be back.
5	Another great trip to Lox Stock! The bagels and service are the best!
5	What wonderful bagels!  These have got to be the best bagels outside of New York.  Even then, LS&B would give some NYC bagel shops a run for their money.  The rye and pumpernickel bagels certainly satisfy that yearning for a far superior product than what is otherwise available elsewhere.I am so glad to have found Lox Stock & Bagel.  The next time I am in the Phoenix area, I will make another visit.  Believe me, it is worth even a special trip from elsewhere in the valley.  Just wish there was one close to me at home.Keep up the good work!
5	I've been coming here for 5 years when I'm in AZ from Maryland. Best food, nicest staff and just an all around excellent place! Great bagel for breakfast and great sandwiches for lunch!
5	This place really feels like you are asking your mom to make you a bagel based meals. She will give you just about anything you want and it will be delicious. My favorite is the egg, cheese and bacon on a sesame seed bagel. Prices are very reasonable.
5	Had to move it up to five stars. These people are great for large orders for those office breakfast meetings and helps to call it in before. Great Bagels, and have been around for a long time.  Same owners, and consistent good food.
5	We love coming here. The bagels and service are the best!
5	Love all their bagels and fresh veggie cream cheese. Everything I have ever tried has been good. Owners are always working and are very friendly.
5	Having tried many different bagel shops in the Valley I am always looking for  better bagel. I guess I am spoiled having grown up in Brooklyn, the home of the best bagels, just my opinion and actually many others too. I decided to try Lox Stock and Bagel today and was not disappointed. The bagels are tasty and the texture is just right. The toppings on the bagels are generous, some places seem as if they count the sesame seeds. One bagel didn't even make it home. It was my reward for driving to get them. I am now a fan and will be making this the home of my bagels of choice. The early opening, 5:30 AM is also plus.
3	It was OK -  bagels nothing to write home about, place was dirty & I waited forever for a juice with our bagels. I really like Big City Bagels MUCH better - best tasting bagels in AZ, simple clean place & quick, humble service.
5	My family checked this place out on a Sunday morning. Lots of choices on the menu and reasonable prices. Service was fast and very pleasant. My husband and I each ordered egg sandwiches on bagels and we ordered a toasted cinnamon raisin bagel with butter for my son. The thing that bowled me over is the taste of the bagels! They're made fresh in the store - never frozen like some national chain that shall remain nameless - and boy can you taste the difference. The bagels are fluffy and delicious. The owner came over and chatted with us and another family having breakfast there. She made us feel like VIPs. I love patronizing locally owned businesses and we'll definitely make Lox Stock & Bagel a regular stop for our family.
4	We love lox, stock and bagel. It is a great neighborhood breakfast place. The food prices are slightly high, but I guess you pay a premium for convenience. The bagels and lox are amazing here, but the freshness of the vegetables are hit and miss which is why I give it the 4 star rating. THe side dishes are also mediocre and I wouldn't suggest paying extra for the tuna or egg salad.
2	not really my cup of tea. nothing really wrong - just not great
1	I am surprised by all of these great reviews.  People comparing this place to bagels from New York.  No comparison whatsoever!  They lack any kind of flavor and the flavored cream cheeses barely contain anything to flavor them - very skimpy.  Great neighborhood atmosphere and I really wanted to love this place, but sadly will not return.
1	I really don't understand all the great reviews or the $ rating for price as I got none of that.  The bagel I had was ok nothing to write home about, maybe I would have liked a bialy but there wasn't anything to explain to me what the difference between the two is.  The bagel was reasonably priced at $1.29 but the schmear of Cream Cheese set me back $3!  Just regular cream cheese, nothing fancy cost me $3.  Just butter is a $2 up charge.  So now I am in $4.29 for a bagel and cream cheese.I also ordered a small Cesar salad which was another disappointment.  I don't know what their idea of Cesar dressing is but it just tasted like they poured oil and vinegar and some crunch cheese on my salad.  No other flavors besides oil and vinegar so it was not appetizing at all.  It was so oily looking that my breakfast companion noticed and asked about it. I ate two bites before I had to push it away.My total for a small cesar, the bagel and cream cheese and a medium iced tea came to $13.  At first I thought maybe I had been double charged for something but in the end I realized that their prices were just that overpriced.The odd part is their menu is on cupboard doors behind the cook line which doesn't sound like that big of a deal but the owner kept opening them to look for stuff and then would leave the door open and walk away.  I was trying to figure out what I wanted to order but at any given time half the menu was facing the opposite direction from me.  Maybe all the great reviews come from their regulars who can put up with this kind of crap.
5	I wanted to update my previous review. I do have to say like another commenter that Lox Stock and Bagels is hands down the best w DJs ( my previous fave) a close second. My biggest plus is i can freeze the cut bagels in the freezer bag provided and they keep a LONG time. Pop it in the toaster and it tastes as good as the day you bought it.  My fabe is salt and other places you simply cannot freeze salt bagels. Except ones from LSB. The LSB salt bagels salt doesnt "melt" in the freezer and they dont become "chewy"  when toasted or thawed. A big plus for me.
5	After 5 years of searching over 3 different states, I have finally found my bagel place. Lox Stock & Bagel really has perfected the bagel sandwich. I ordered an Oreo cookie bagel with cream cheese and lox (yes an extremely bizarre but tasty request). The bagel was delicious! Even after putting the rest in the freezer, they still tasted delicious after being heated up. The owner even gave my roommate the remaining pastries from the previous day for free! She was so kind and extremely helpful. This is the only place in central Scottsdale to get bagels.
4	Wonderful warm welcome and delicious bagels!My husband and I came in for the first time and I felt like we came over to a friend's house.  The owner offered to let us taste the bagels, made me a special order sandwich, and told us all about how their bagels are home made from scratch, every day.  She even reminded us that we get half a dozen bagels to take home with our check-in - how generous!The bagels themselves are delicious, as were the fixins.  We ate them for serveral days afterwards: the pumpernickel is light and flavorful, the everything has tons of stuff on it, and the rest were great, too! We'll definitely be back!
5	A nice Jewish girl needs some carbs in the form of a bagel sometimes and I found just the place for my indulgence.  Came by twice last week while we were visiting.  They have a great selection of bagels.  I had the jalapeno cheese one day and a bagel egg sandwich the following day.  My husband LOVED his lox and bagel.  The owner was so nice and remembered me from my first visit.  I wish they were closer to my house but I do know we will be back on our next visit.
5	I love food and this is the best in town.  Try the tuna sampler.  The tuna salad is delicious and is not loaded down with mayonnaise it is served on a bed of Caesar salad with the best dressing that has just the right zap of lemon.Also try the pasta salad, this is no ordinary pasta salad the dressing is light and flavorful.  It is full of great veggies orange and green cauliflower are a special highlight for this dish.  The service is efficient and friendly.  You will feel like part of the family on the first visit.
3	Six free bagels offered with any purchase if you check in. Learned that the bagels are steamed and not boiled and that lowers the bar really on expectations at this well named local joint. bagels are good in a pinch, but the Chive Cream cheese that is homemade was probably the best part of things. I also tried their potato salad and that was full of big chunks of red potatoes and celery and alot of mayo. It fell somewhere above the average quality. Most sandwiches about 10 bucks, so will possibly go try another item if they use quality deli meat, but will be back for cream cheese at least.
4	I will admit this review is biased, since the bagels here are the only ones I can eat, being that they're homemade AND not made with corn syrup, corn meal (at least not the ones I choose), or any other corn derivatives.  (I'm not positive about the flavored ones, such as the seasonal pumpkin bagel LS&B is offering right now through the end of the year, since "flavored" usually means "natural flavors" added, and these are derived from corn.)  Michelle, the owner, is always gracious, even when business is brisk.  It does get hectic at times, so if you're looking for more personable service, or need extra time to make a selection from all the choices offered here, you may find it best to let others go in front of you, and everyone, including yourself, will be less-frazzled.Just took the last bite of the pumpkin bagel I tried for the first time morning, and I will most-definitely be returning to take a few more home on my next visit!  My other favorites are the Cinnamon-raisin (almost like dessert!), Marbled rye, and Honey whole wheat.What would make me rate LS&B five stars??1. Offer better cappuccinos and foam.  2. Offer organic and/or Fair-trade coffee options.3. Label coffees properly to denote those that are flavored- naturally, or otherwise.4. Offer more non-GMO options* (breads, pastries, spreads, dairy items, and meats).*I prefer to bring a tiny dipping vessel full of organic almond butter from home to top the bagel with, instead of taking more of the staff's time and patience grilling them on what ingredients are used in their spreads.  I'm going to assume they contain allergenic ingredients I'd do well to skip.
5	This was a great neighborhood find. I'm not huge on bagels, but I really like these. The bagels are made fresh everyday and are just right. Michelle, the owner, is very nice and friendly, even when obviously busy. I consider myself lucky to have this place right across the street. The World's Pickiest Eater and I usually get a Tuna Melt on Whole Wheat Mixed with Avocado added after it comes out of the toaster. So good and it is totally big enough to split.
5	This is my boyfriend and I's go to spot for a quick, delicious breakfast. Not only are their bagels delicious, they have a lot of other menu items that are great as well (I love their oatmeal and their breakfast burrito)! The owners, Pat and Michelle, are always there to greet us by name and have a quick chat. Great place, great food!
4	Love this place. Only spot in phoenix that I can find a salt bagel. Staff is great and the coffee is awesome. Good place to sit outside with the doggies too. Only draw back is that it is kind of pricey.
5	I absolutely love this place. It's been around since I've been around and it's still just as good as the first day I had it. Same lady working there every since I can remember and it's such a sweet place. Bagels, doughnuts, bagel sandwiches, coffee, all sorts of stuff.
5	Great bagels and sandwiches. Wonderful people there also. For the first check in we got six free bagels. They are great. Very fluffy compared to most other places where it feels like your jaw is giving out chewing up one. Their bagels are good both toasted and not. Recommended for sure.
2	We agree with others that the bagels are average, definitely not superior. Better bagels can be found in Scottsdale at Big City Bagels. The food is generally expensive for this type of fare. The hours are nice for those who want to get an early start to the day  (they open at 5:30 AM). The owner likes to keep it pretty chilly in the restaurant. Their excuse is that the workers are warm. Never mind the customers I guess. Also, they have the music jacked up too loud making it difficult to hold a conversation or relax and read the paper with a sandwich, coffee, and paper. We also didn't like the fact that in the December 2013 restaurant inspections, they had seven violations. By far the most of any other restaurant rated in the paper for that month. Just by looking at the place it's pretty easy to tell why that is. Not overly clean and not much attention given to the ambiance.
5	Wow what can I say?! These bagels are my favorite in Scottsdale. Whenever I get the chance, I stop here for breakfast. Fluffy on the inside, and toasted beautifully on the outside, these bagels are definitely made with love. They offer loads of toppings, and some of the best cream cheese I've ever had! Plus they have killer Yelp deals!!They sure satisfy my major bagel craving!!!
5	Word on the streets was was that Lox Stock & Bagel was a really good local breakfast/lunch spot, so when I saw a groupon deal I though I would give it a try.  Upon entering, I was happy to find there was   not a long line, and the inside was larger than I had expected, you can actually sit and have a nice comfortable lunch here. Unfortunately the groupon for some reason was not working, nor would they honor the deal, but I will let that slide because the service was fast and friendly. There was a large variety of bagels, cream cheeses, and fillings. I opted for the cheddar jalapeno bagel with ham, eggs, and cheese.  It was large, with a good portion of ham, a soft tasty bagel, all put together very neatly so was not difficult to eat.  I was also pleased to find decent hot chocolate here, not too watered down like I find at other places, and I requested it with caramel- YUM YUM YUM.Had to update to a well deserved 5 stars after trying their breakfast burrito.  Came with eggs, cheese, potatoes, bacon and ham.  It was like I died and went to burrito heaven.  Hands down best breakfast burrito in town.
4	Delicious. This is a real bagel place. How do I know? They have salt bagels. Nuf said. Star deducted for lack of ambience. Lackluster decor in a strip mall setting.
3	This place is decent, but not quite what it was yelped up to be.  One reason is they give 6 bagels in exchange for a positive review. Bagels are good, but the lox and breakfast burrito were just ok.
1	We ordered 2 lox bagels with eggs for $7.5 each. The bagel was small, no additions were served. Most importantly, the cafe latte was spoiled due to the milk that was expired. They told us that they haven't used the cappuccino machine in a while (!?). We have had a bad experience with this place.
5	The people working here were so sweet and friendly! They were super quick with making my lunch also! My protein salad was huge and delicious! Super fresh.. The dressing tasted homemade. This place is definitely going to be a new favorite for me! They have me 6 free bagels with my check in.. I bought some whipped honey peanut butter to take with me and I am beyond happy! This place made my day!
5	Delicious large bagels and bialys that toast really well.  Great selection of sandwiches and homemade salads. Quick and very friendly service.
4	Breakfast burrito:  Ham, Egg, Bacon, Potatoes and Cheese Wrapped Into a Grande Flour Tortilla. Yum!Toasty croissant with sausage, egg and cheese. Yum!6 free bagels of our choice with our Yelp check in.  Score!I sooo wanted a lox and bagel but being preggy, I sadly had to pass.  But it looked deelish from what I saw at the table next to us.I thought it was cute they had a little legos table there to occupy the kiddies.Staff was friendly and we will be back if we're in the area again.....
5	"I'm from New York and it's hard to find a good bagel anywhere in town.", a lady in line behind me replied, "Oh ya? I was born and raised in Brooklyn. You're right, this is the best place." That's the conversation I overheard while in line on Sunday ordering my sandwich and my kids cinnamon roll from the Owner Michelle at Lox, Stock & Bagel this past Sunday. The place was packed, the line was moving quickly, the staff has the ordering, checking out and delivering food down pat and people were coming in droves. The bagels, sandwiches, & coffee are the best I think because they are 1. authentic, 2. not from a chain restaurant, 3. served up by the same, nice as pie, personable owner's and people on the planet. THEY REMEMBER YOUR NAME!! Lox, Stock & Bagel, Michelle, her husband and their staff makes what is so great about McCormick Ranch. We have places that are so good, so fresh, so unique, like a little subculture that makes us special. Spread the word, The food is great, they cater and they deserve every bit of business and attention.
4	The bagels are fresh and tasty. The sandwiches are well made but seemed a little shy on the meat and cheese. This place is great and I'd suggest it to anyone. Side note, the 12 year old girl that took my order over charged me by $3.00. When I told her she looked at me curiously as if she didn't understand what I said and then moved on to the next customer. The meal and dozen bagels I ordered were worth it and the $3.00 let's just say ended up being part of her tip.
5	Let me just preface by saying that I am very picky about my bagels and bagel shops. I used to work at a wonderful shop with great bagels back in the day. It's been hard to find a good bagel in the valley since.My husband and I were in the mood for some bagel sandwiches. After being disappointed with the bagel shop selections located around us, we were determined to try to find "the one". After scoping out Yelp, seeing it was close-by and had great reviews we decided to try Lox, Stock & Bagel.From the moment we walked in we were greeted by Patrick, Michelle and staff I knew we hit the jackpot. They were so personable and friendly, honored our Yelp 6 free bagels without question and were super patient with our large order.As for the menu, lots of selection! Our food arrived in the right amount of time AND the whole wheat mixed bagel is nothing short of incredible!Loved the chill, comfy atmosphere. (although, I'm not going to lie--the big mirrors on the wall need to go!)We will definitely be back--with our 3 1/2 year old, since there was plenty of kid toys to keep him busy while we take our time eating. Can't wait to try one of the bagels we brought home for breakfast tomorrow morning!
1	I start by saying this was not the place my father and I were to meet at, but we did after some communication issues planted us there. I was not very impressed with their staff nor the food. The  L.E.O. for which for those of us know is a Lox, eggs and onions breakfast.  It came UN-cooked wet with about 1 oz. of lox. The bagel they served was dry and cost me $1.50 just for butter or cream cheese. I'm not a New Yorker any more but I know a good place to go and this is not it. Stay away and go to NY Bagel and Bialies where we were going to meet in the first place.
5	They sell bagels to Courtesy Chevrolet's cafe, and I couldn't believe my taste buds.  This bagel is equal to any I've ever had, even the old H&H in NYC.  I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'll be coming back to the Chevy dealer for breakfast because I live so far away from their shop.
5	I love Lox, Stock and Bagel. I've been going there from over 10 years and couldn't be happier with the food, service and fellowship. Yes, I said fellowship! I go there so often that I latched on to a group of guys who meet for coffee most mornings. It's a great place to meet new people or hang with old friends. Thanks Lox, Stock for making me feel part of something special.
5	My new favorite bagel place! One morning I was in the mood for a bagel, but didn't want to go to the usual chain restaurant that I live by. Checked yelp and drove a few miles south to check his place out. The food was delicious and the service was amazing. I didn't realize there was a check in deal and when I told the lady I heard about this place on yelp, she reminded me that I get 6 free bagels just for checking in. Uh whattt! Most places never mention their check in deals. Some places even refuse to honor them! 5 stars for the food and service!
2	As relocated New Yorkers, we have searched for a good deli to satisfy our noshing needs. Sadly, this is not that place. The bagels tasted like Wonder Bread. You can get better Nova at Costco. The one thing NYC you ask? The prices! WAY too high given the mediocre food. So, We keep looking ...
5	I am from the east coast so I know my way around a bagel shop. This is literally the  BEST bagel place in Phoenix. Crunchy crust, soft chewy center, toppings piled high. I would go every single weekend if it weren't a bit far. *owners: open a Tempe location please ;)
3	The Lox works was okay - overall the taste and ingredients was okay. The service is friendly but slow.
5	Best everything bagel on earth.
5	what a GREAT surprise...they welcome you as if you are(loved) family..the food was OUTSTANDING...plates looked gorgeous..we can't wait to go back(oddly enough we have lived here 25 years and never knew this restaurant existed)...it's FABULOUSIf you want a GREAT at a great price...eat at Lox, Stock and BagelCarol and Michael
2	Outrageous prices. Bagels are ok. The "extras" like cream cheese are obnoxiously priced.  1 croissant and 1 cinnamon roll costs over $5.50. These are the same croissants that sell for about $5 a dozen at Costco. Basically, expect to pay airport or amusement park prices for mediocre fare. Even though they are less than 1/2 mile from me, I will drive 10 minutes elsewhere to get a bagel.
5	I went to this place for lunch the other day. I had found a Groupon and wanted to use it!  I cannot ever pass up cute mom & pop type places that have my fav type of sandwich- egg salad! This place was amazing though. Upon entering, I noticed a bunch of people that seemed like they were "regulars". They knew the employees by name which I love seeing. Also, there were so many bagels to choose from (I got two for breakfast the rest of this week). I got the egg salad sandwich, potato salad as a side, a drink and two bagels.  It was all covered by my $7 groupon so I'd say that was a MAJOR WIN. The people who work there were so nice and told me they had been in business for over 20 years! I can't wait to go back!
4	I seek out bagel places when I'm on vacation, so have a pretty good stock of them for comparison - this one didn't disappoint! Good selection, nice service, plenty of room - I'd definitely come back and try more flavors if I was in the area again.
5	Really like this place.  I usually stop in a couple times a month for lunch after I hit the gym next door.  It has a really home-y feel to it.  The service is friendly and always seems happy to have my business.  The bagel sandwiches are delicious, and the bagels especially taste fresh.  Great assortment, good menu, fair prices, good service - that's why I keep coming back!
5	LOVED this place!!! I'm pregnant and all I've been wanting is a chicken salad bagel from my favorite bagel shop home back easy. This did it for me and I wished I lived closer, I'd never leave!!
2	We saw good reviews on yelp and expected some gourmet bagels and good service. However, once we arrived we were rushed to order, it did not look very clean, and the bagel sandwiches and breakfast sandwiches were mediocre for the relatively high price we paid for an egg bagel sandwich. This place is just another bagel joint-I would not recommend ordering anything else. We went out of our way to explore this shop, but we probably would have been better off going to Einsteins.
4	Butters Pancake Cafe had a 45 min wait so I went with the next best option (according the Yelp/Urbanspoon). I'll get the negative part out of the way first: L,S, & B  gets minus points for the price....Two bagel sandwiches, cappuccino, small parfait, and a cinnamon roll should not have been close to $30! ($28 and change to be exact). Other than that gripe, the food was worth going out of the way for. The Lachs and egg bagel was pretty fantastic. The lachs was mixed in w/ a thick slab of egg instead of simply being placed on top. Cinnamon Roll was huge and parfait was tasty. I'd come back again if I lived around here, despite the unexpected high cost of the meal, however, next time I won't order anything extra, just a sandwich.
2	Their service was nice, but the quality of bagel wasn't what other reviewers said.  Very disappointed since I am new to Phoenix.  I don't know how other reviewers gave 5 stars.
5	Do not miss this fabulous restaurant!!!  The food is OUTSTANDING...GREAT value for the price. Best Nova/Lox plate I have ever eaten. Hubby is very picky...he said the homemade vinaigrette on his chicken salad was the best and his salad was extremely fresh and delicious....BEST bagels anywhere in Scottsdale!HIGHLY recommend!!
5	Lox, stock, bagels is the best bagel place in Arizona.  Michelle is always friendly and the food is delicious.  It's worth a trip.
3	The bagels are still steamed, but the sesame version is the best flavor among the bagels. This place is raising the bar on bagel prices, setting a new record at $1.29 per bagel. The prices on everything else are going up also, as all specialty sandwiches are up a buck and all bagel sandwiches are up 50 cents. This would be fine except somebody is a bit lazy as the prices on the board above the counter looks like a kid with a crayon changed the prices - kind of amatuerish. There are a few flies milling around, but the bagels and cream cheese are good and the standout deal at this place continues to be the six free bagels with check-in. It is the best Yelp deal on the market now.
3	My girlfriend is from Long Island, NY, and the bagel shops there are incredible.  So keep in mind that we are a little biased.The customer service here is good and the food is decent, but the prices are a little expensive for what you get, and what you get isn't incredible.  Bonus points for free wi-fi, plus they have coupons all the time, so if you have one, stop in.  You won't be disappointed, I just doubt you'll be jumping for joy either.
5	Favorite breakfast place in Scottsdale! Perfect bagel, good breakfast burrito and warm friendly owners!  Always welcoming!
4	I went here last weekend with my husband to use my Groupon, and bought into the name a bit too much, as I was hoping I'd finally find my dream bagel (my hubs is from NYC and oh how I miss the bagels!).  Well I got the Lox bagel with the works, and while it certainly did not disappoint, it was not the "dream bagel".  It was the best one I've found in AZ two years in so far, so 4 stars for that.  My husband got a plain turkey bagel with cheese and was pleased with his.The spread they give for the Lox bagel was perfectly spread out with all of the key ingredients and was visually pleasing as well.  It was a treat I'd order again.  They seem to do quite a business there, but the line flowed seamlessly and the staff was polite and efficient.  We will definitely return.
5	I'm a sucker for mom and pop places like this. Walked in ... Greeted promptly and instantly was told about all the bagels! I looked around there were so many people who seemed like regulars that were just hanging out. I loved the vibe. She asked me why I stopped in and I told her I just started school at Scottsdale cc and she instantly invited me and friends from school to come to her shop and eat bagels and do study groups. And not to mention the bagel I ate!! It was awesome. I usually get nova lox but I saw something about nova lox spread... So I got that. And bc of that spread is why I give 5 stars. Yum!
5	I've loved this place since I was little! Other than it being my first job their quality of food has never ever changed. Everything is made fresh every single day. In over 15 years coming here every bagel I've had has been delicious. I always see them involved with the local schools, employing the local high school students and always friendly faces. I love seeing pat and Michelle every morning. Support local business go to Lox Stock!
5	Great bagel sandwiches! The staff was very friendly and had great recomendations! And got our 6 free bagels through the app! Thanks!!!
5	We love this place. We live right down the street from Lox and go several times every month. They have great food, great service and great prices. We've noticed that their bagels are bigger than a lot of other places and they definitely put the most meat on the bagel sandwiches compared to any other places we've eaten in the valley. Patrick and Michelle are always extremely nice and they have a great staff. Could not be more pleased.
2	This review comes after several visits. Everything has always been OK, but not great, especially for the price. In terms of bagels, this place is easily $$ or $$$. So don't go thinking you'll get Einstein's prices for equivalent grub. You'll be disappointed.The lox special is always a let down. At least for us - plenty of bagel real estate, bare of salmon, for $11. But the lox special is the only thing that doesn't change price. I swear everything else goes up .50 every time we visit. Today, $9.79 for a turkey bagel sandwich (no side or drink). It's always busy, so more power to them, but not really worth it.
1	What happened to this place? Wow very disappointed- we used to enjoy it here. The bagals just did not seem right. No one seemed very happy. I really didn't recognize anyone. I heard over heard someone say they sold the place. I hope they get their act together.
3	Was not overly impressed with the bagels here and didn't think it lived up to the hype of all the reviews. Would say they were just average. Both mine and my friends order did not come out how we wanted and my friend was overcharged. Would try another bagel place before coming back.
3	It's better than Noah's or Einstein brothers. A bit over priced if you ask me.
4	If you're Gluten Free, you must try their GF bagels! They make a wonderful vessel for their cream cheese! Yum!!!
5	Michelle recently sold the business. You can still see her smiling face nothing changed will continue to keep coming.  Their bagels are the best.  Trying a new hand crafted cream chese Cheddar pepper lite. Delish!
1	Never again will I go in this place, the prices are outrageous. I ordered one bagel and I asked for about a tablespoon of cream cheese, figured how much could that be, she says $3.29! Never again, I should of went to the grocery store this bagel is not even that good.
4	Fresh bagels hot coffee... They do the basics well. Owners are friendly and present.  Great for quick stop before work.
4	Whenever we find a groupon, living social or any deal for a place we have never been to but might be interested in trying, we take the plunge and buy it. Such is the case with lox, stock and barrel which isn't even in the vicinity of where we live, but turns out definitely worth the drive. With bagels almost as big as your face and the freshest taste and cream cheese choices, there is no doubt this won't be our first visit. I did find the whole ordering process to be a bit confusing which I think would help myself and others were it better organized. But overall they offer take out and order and sit down service. No waitress service from what I can tell.Can't wait to go back and try other varieties but the cinnamon gooey was a slice of heaven.
