5	Susan is great. She even put fireworks on my nails and toes. She also did my pedicure and sparkle purple nails for my wedding in May. Lots of available parking.
3	Ehh. Not the best but not the worst I've ever had as far as a mani/pedi. The worst part of it all was the main chic that took over finishing my manicure after she rushed the guy along that had been taking care of me. She was already onto the other clients mentally before my nails we polished or I had paid. Literally grabbing and shoving my hands all over the place so she could rush me out the door. Better yet, she knew this was my first time there. Guess she doesn't care about building a clientele. None the less, if I need a quick, cheap pedi, I'd go back. I definitely wouldn't trust them for anything more than the basics though.
5	Love, love, love Elegant Nails! I have been going here for as long as I can remember and have never been disappointed. Cathy and Susan are both amazing and can do basically any design on a nail that you can come up with. I highly recommend Elegant Nails for affordable high quality work!
1	I'd like to start off that this took place last year. I'm not sure what happened, compared to everyone else's reviews. Did we go the wrong day? Because this place was not very friendly or good. I went with a friend for a mani pedi and the only people working were two asian guys and a small Asian woman (which is fine, and usually expected). We both had the guys who at first were nice and making funny jokes until their jokes became more insulting and less funny. By time we got to the manicure we were just annoyed by the things they were saying. What was the most upsetting though was that we went here specifically because they advertise that they can do all of these cool designs and they apparently couldn't do much of anything. I asked for leopard print with a red bow and the guy only knew what leopard print was because the only other customer there was wearing a leopard print shirt. I guess he did good for not knowing but it wasn't the greatest. Then my friend wanted a batman symbol on her thumbs and the guy she had said no, he wasn't going to do it. Not that he couldn't, just that he wasn't going to. And then he said "you guys expect us to put these things on such a small place and it's not really possible" which is total crap! They ended up charging over 100 for my nails because I got the design and I felt bad for my friend because she was paying and couldn't even get the design she wanted. We will never ever go back to this place again, that's for sure.
5	Went to Elegant Nails today because I'm going to a concert this weekend in Cali and wanted something special for the occasion. I came in around 10 and was immediately helped by Susan who spent so much time making sure I got what I wanted. My gel manicure was amazing as well my pedicure. There was also a very long arm/neck massage at the end which is kind of unheard of nowadays. I'll definitely be back.
2	Overpriced. Their most basic pedicure is $17. Everything else is $30+. A full set for $30? No! Seriously, go somewhere else for a full set and come here for a fill. At least those are competitively priced at around $20. Don't get me wrong, my nails turned out gorgeous, but I could have gone else where and gotten the same friendly service and a full set and fabulous pedicure for $45....not $70.
1	Absolutely the worst nail experience I've had. My nails look awful and they were very rude. Would NOT recommend and will not be going there again.
5	I come here two or three times a month. Even when they are busy they help me out in a timely manner.  I'm always happy with the job they do.  I highly recommend this salon.
5	Wanted to let you all see the latest nails done by Susan for Christmas. I have always had exceptional appointments and she is so creative and fun. Go see her soon.
