4	Great place to relax for those of us who worked in North Las Vegas.  Pool tables, and great service, plus the fireside couches.
1	I use to go here. But I really think they water down their drinks.
4	I had the $12.99 TALL & CHEESEY BURGER.  1Lb Burger, meat is great tasting, not a big fan of the 3 Texas Toast bread slices on it or the herd fried onions.  I will take a couple buddies here when they visit but I will get just a regular bun.  Went at about 11:30AM, it was dead in there.  Waitress said it picks up at 2:00PM.
1	Terrible service . Love when the bartenders are drinking more than you. Not to mention harass you about playing the machines
1	If I could rate them zero stars I would- the bartenders are complete bitches. We were ignored  for about 15 with empty glasses in front of us yet when a large group of they're friends walked in they had drinks within a minute. What a joke. This was the 2nd time we had been in, the first time was just the same but I figured maybe they were having an off night, decided to give them another try. Big mistake. My boyfriend only got good service when he went there without me. Nice huh ? I wanted to leave without paying for our drinks , but couldn't stoop to that level. Will NEVER step foot in this bar again until they fire those bartenders. Which is sad since we live across the street and it would be nice to have a good hangout so close.
1	Tipped good thinking next time we would actually get some service, turns out the bartenders actually just a dick and didn't acknowledge our group  what so ever. Ill never go there again , worth the drive to go to the grand teton location.  They are good ppl up there with way better service.
1	I wish I would have read the other reviews before going in.  I may have chosen to go somewhere else.  Clearly, good customer services is NOT a priority.  The food was okay but a bit overpriced, the beers were cold but the service was slow.  $25 of play at full tilt didn't warrant a single comp.  When I asked the bartender how much you had to play to receive a comp, she said $30. Since that is higher than ANY other place place I have been to in town, it might have been good information to give me.   I know that $25 is not a lot of play but I was never inticed to play more.  The bartender never asked if I was/wanted to be a member of the players club and never told us about any promos etc.   Also, it took about 10 minutes to get our change because the bartender was more concerned with the payout to the GM who was drinking at the bar.  It is unfortunate because this place has a lot of potential and is close to my home but I won't be back.  I am not sure how they stay in business since there were a total of 10 people at the bar from 9-11 PM on a Friday night and it is clear that they are not welcoming new customers.
1	Prices to high!! I used to come here all the time, bartender Lisa is great, but the prices are outrageous, fuck the lodge, never coming back
5	BEST food and service... awesome place to grab the BEST salmon and absolutey best service EVER!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND this place.
5	Went in at 1:00am craving for breakfast. Didn't know what to expect. Went to the bar and took a seat. Seemed like a nice and clean place. Bartender was nice and friendly. Small talk and looked at the menu. I asked about the Morning After hamburger and he said it was delicious. I ordered it along with a coke. People around the bar were young, eating and just hanging out. When I got my burger, it was incredible. The fried egg on my burger was cooked just right. I bit into it and the yoke broke. Oh my God!! It was one of the best burgers I've had in so long, but the French fries just took it over the top. It was an awesome meal. I will be back because the guy behind the bar was telling me about how good their gravy is for their chicken fried steak or the biscuits and gravy. I can't wait.
5	Ok...looking at the reviews from more than a few months ago I probably wouldn't have ever stopped in.  Been here twice with my wife because a bartender from our old bar (Megan) recently started here and have had great service both times (by all the employees ) As far as prices....well @ 10 bucks for a bar meal isn't out of line plus it was tasty.  Lots of tvs ...not smokey and plenty of room to hang out not to mention clean bathrooms!  Three pool tables plus a couple video games if sports on tv is not your deal.
2	Boooo.  I was gambling and only comped two drinks.  Service was slow.  Over all it gets a meh?
5	Cool spot for bar fun, good food & drinks.Lisa Marie rocks the bar on wens. & Fri.great bartender,good times,pool tables,lots of TVs, and a great surrounding on the northwest side of town.
1	Message to the ownership and management. Making customers happy should be your #1 priority. This place is run like our government, poor decision after poor decision, raising prices (like they raise taxes) instead of lowering them to get more people in the door.  When your only focus is only your gaming revenue (and very few machines anyway), you should not be in this business (and that is likely going to take care of itself anyway). You should be happy for your customers when they win so they come back, not slow serve them drinks and be pissed that they won.  Very short sited business plan. Very close to my house and NEVER coming back!!!
1	So after gambling $120 at the bar with full bets I was told that I didn't gamble enough to have my three beers and shot of whisky comped. Then the bartender comped the guys drinks next me who only gambled $20 and ordered $50 in drinks. This place sucks, especially the staff. Never going there again.
2	Man what happened? My first review was reflective of the attentive staff and great service. Fast forward to tonight.....my wife and I walk in and sit at the bar.....the big tattooed bearded bartender says he will be with us in just a second. Well about 12minutes later we walk out with my hundy$$$ in my hand! We watched the asian bartender chick circle twice without even looking at us while Mr BuffTatoo is on the other side. All the while I am logged in to gamble only to walk out as Mr and Mrs Invisible ....hello BJ's Brewery. BTW....how dare BJ'S interrupt my rant with prompt service!!
