5	My husband purchased a diamond ring from C & G for our 10th anniversary (and what a beauty it is!). He went back and forth several times on what to get me. They were very helpful and knowledgeable on the quality of the rings he was interested in. I've gone back many times since the purchase of my ring. The owners are friendly and inviting. I have never felt that stuffy pressure that so many jewelry showrooms have. They will make you feel at easy and help you make the best purchase for your needs and budget.
5	This is a nice little store-a hidden gem so to speak.  The owners used to be customers of mine so I know they have good taste on a personal basis and that they are nice people.  They were also my customers when I did volunteer work for a store nearby.  That was when I started going into their store for my needs and haven't been disappointed.I like the attitude of these people when you go in their store.  They have a nice inventory and are not taken a back if you don't find what you are looking for.  If they can''t order it, they are just as likely to tell you where you might find it.  They now the quality of the gems and are up front about it wanting you to feel informed about what you are doing.  I can recommend C& G Jewelers to this novice or the experienced buyer.  They will treat you with the same respect.  You will not feel pushed to buy, in fact quite the opposite.  When YOU are ready, then so are they.  They have experience on their side and use it to your advantage.  I am not giving a price range,  There merchandise is priced a appropriately for the quality you want to buy.
1	My first two expereiences with C&G were great. I took in some watches to get a band fixed or battery replaced and it was done while I was there. I was in and out in 10 minutes with a fixed watch at a good price. The last time I went in (8/11/12) was horrible though. I dealt with an older gentleman (whom I had not dealt with previously) and on Staurday afternoon he took two of my watches (one needed to be cleaned and one needed the bracelet reattached), looked at them and said they would be ready on Tuesday. I was not able to make it back in until Wednesday afternoon but when I walked in the older lady who was out front looked around for a bit and then said they were not done. My annoyed blank stare must have prompted her to ask if I could come back later that afternoon. They took my number so a call would have been nice leeting me know they were not ready. Regardless, I came back three hours later to find that the one watch was cleaned but they were just begining to work on the other. I said that I could not wait around so I would take it back broken and pay for the cleaned one. While I am sure I was visibly annoyed, I said thank you, paid, said thank you again and walked toward the door. At this point the older lady made a comment under her breath. I turned around and said "Excuse me?" she replied "There goes a happy customer". I told her I was not happy and did not appreciate her comment. She stared blankly. I have no patience for a retailer treating a paying customer so poorly and will not return.
5	C&G was recommended to me by some family friends. I have an engagement ring that has been in my family for almost 150 years and I wanted to keep the tradition alive by giving the ring to my fiance. I visited two other jewelers who both told me that they could not size the ring up, that it had an irreparable crack in the setting and that I would be best suited to scrap the ring, and use the stone in another setting. I went to C & G with the notion that I was going to have to do just that. However, C & G told me that was not the case at all and in four days had restored the ring and it looks like it is brand new. I can not thank them enough and would urge anyone reading Yelp to ignore the two bad reviews found here. I would strongly urge anyone in Central Phoenix who needs a good, high quality, highly skilled jeweler to seek out C & G!!!!
5	I have been a long-time customer of C&G Jewelers for 20 years.  John, Marilyn and Diane offer outstanding service for all of your jewelry needs:  diamonds, gold, sterling silver, fine jewelry, costume jewelry, watch bands, jewelry repair, watch batteries . . . you name it.  If they don't have what you are looking for, they will bring out a catalog for you to look through and they will special order.  They always go out of their way to be helpful.  When you decide to drop in, you will always find another customer there who has dropped by just to say "hi."  Another wonderful thing about them is they give back to the community . . . especially to animal rescue groups.  These are all great people and it is a pleasure doing business with them.
5	Great service today replacing my husbands watch battery and removing links from the watchband.  Nice folks.
5	I can't imagine why anyone would shop elsewhere.  Service is great and a place I enjoy doing business.
5	C&G is a fabulous jewelry store. I have been a customer there for the past eight years. Recently, I had them fix my grandmother's ring and add a few stones to it. I couldn't be more pleased. My ring was ready within three days and the quality of work is outstanding. If you need a piece of jewelry repaired, or if you are looking for something new, C&G Jewelers is the place to go.
5	I have been a customer at C&G Jewelers for the past eight years. They do beautiful work, in a timely manner. Their customer service is excellent. Recently, I had them reset an antique ring, and I couldn't be more pleased with the way it turned out. I highly recommend C&G Jewelers.
5	I had links removed from my watch. I was in and out the door in 15 minutes and it was only $12. The owners were friendly.
5	This is the only place I will go to sell my Gold and have my watches fixed, batteries etc....  Very Trustworthy!!
1	Went to this place a few years ago because of good reviews. The older gentleman was very pleasant and really made me feel welcome. I really thought I found myself a neighborhood jeweler. Then, I met the older lady. She is the reason why I have not returned. She handled the payment because the older gentleman was called in the back. This lady automatically assumed I needed a payment plan. Her attitude was quite condescending. I still bought the ring because it was the perfect gift. It was first and final purchase from this place. What a shame because I really liked the older gentleman and wanted to support local business.
2	When I first started visiting here a few years ago, the service was excellent.  Then again, I purchased an $800 necklace on that first trip.  After that, each time I have gone here, it has been a worsening experience.  I think if they ever figured out how to communicate with each other (the daughter, mom and dad) they would be much easier to deal with.  After replacing three watch batteries (one of which had to be left for 3 days because they couldn't figure out how to put it in), I returned a few days later because one of the watches was not keeping time accurately.  I was told the watch probably needed to be cleaned.  4 days later they phoned and said it was working just fine.  Imagine my surprise a few weeks later when the same inaccuracy was occurring.  When returning to discuss with them, they couldn't find the sales slip, then told me the $35+ wasn't for a cleaning, those cost $80.  I asked what the heck I paid them $35 for and she couldn't answer.  Meh, time to find another jeweler where I don't think they are trying to charm me into another purchase to get decent service.
