5	This is our local Costco store. There are larger Costco stores out there, but it is a good size for our area. We have found that the store has great selection for the size of the store. You need a membership to shop at this store, and it costs $55 a year for the membership, plus HST. My wife and I have the executive membership, which is more expensive, but gives a 2% cash back. We have found that this works well for us, as the reward is greater than the amount that we pay extra for the executive membership, which is $100, plus HST. The staff is friendly and helpful, and have always been attentive and answered all my questions. There are times when the store is very busy and there is a long line up for the cashier to check out. There is a tire centre at this location and they also refill propane at the tire centre, which is competitively priced. There is also a pharmacy at this store as well. There is also a deli and we have purchased excellent catering platters from this location. Finally there is a fast food restaurant in the store, and you can get a hot dog and a drink for only $1.99 plus HST. What I like most about Costco is that they stand behind their products, and have always answered any questions I had with my purchases. You can returns items that you have purchased, no questions asked. This even extends to their memberships, which you can get refunded at any time.
1	This review is solely for the Optometrist office of Costco...  Not to be confused with the Optical department.I will preface by saying that the Optical department is actually quite awesome!  They are fast and friendly, and quite knowledgeable.  No issues there!HOWEVERI made an appointment with the Optometrist department to have a check-up.  I happened to arrive really early, so I poked my head in to see if there was a possibility that they could take me sooner than my appointment, in hopes of saving their and my time.  Unfortunately I was huffed at by the oh-so-pleasant receptionist (I will discuss her in a moment), and told to come back at my scheduled time.  Fine, no problem to me, I'll just do some walking around inside Costco to kill time.So I return to the Optometrist office - on time, mind you - and have the pre-test completed by the receptionist.  I'm not sure why they let her do it since she can't, or doesn't know how to do it right because she told me she'd have to get the Optometrist to do it for her.  Now the good part.  I'm inside the room getting my check-up, and the Optometrist puts some drops in my eyes at the end, and instructs me to wait five minutes in the waiting room and she'll bring me back in to finish up.  She brings me back in after five minutes, finishes up, and I'm good to go.  I get two steps outside the door when my husband, whom was accompanying me, told me that while I was being examined by the Optometrist, the receptionist was LISTENING TO OUR CONVERSATION WITH HER EAR PRESSED TO THE DOOR.  My husband was extremely uncomfortable with that, and he suggested to her to not listen to our conversation, and she blatantly replied, "I am privileged to listen to their conversation".  I turned right around and went back into the office and confronted the receptionist with this information, who admitted to having listened with her ear to the door.  WOW.I'd like to mention that her actions were likely due to the fact that she wanted to be done early as clearly displayed by her ear to the door (perhaps to see if we would be done soon?), lunch bag and purse neatly packed up sitting on top of the desk, tapping her nails, and my husband said the driver of her ride (waiting outside) had come in and checked to see if she would be done soon.  Please think twice before using the Optometrist office!  The receptionist might be listening to you!!
5	went to get my eye glasses at costco. the price is unbeatable except sears are having huge sale on glasses lately. completely satisfied with my new glasses. it took 6 calendar days to be made.
