3	Another all-you-can-eat sushi restaurant in the downtown area of Montreal. A bit cheaper than others, but it shows. (Note: you also gat a discount if you are a student, which definitely appeals to the young folk in the area) The bright spot for this restaurant was the salmon and eel nigiris, but this was definitely overwhelmed by the inconsistency in the rolls and the slow service. Haven't been to the other Kanda establishment, but the decor was nice.
5	Wow-  I couldn't disagree more with the previous review.  Fresh. Fast. Fabulous.  I am seriously drooling thinking about the slabs of ice cold salmon and tuna sashimi I inhaled during my stay in Montreal.$14 gets you access to all you can eat- not one of those nasty places where it's all sitting there or floating around a lagoon.  You are given a paper menu/pencil, mark off what you want/how much you want.  Hand paper to waiter, order comes back in under 5 minutes TOPS.  Order more if you want.Try to arrive either before noon or after 2- if not, line is out the door!
3	Perfectly satisfactory sushi - for $21.49 Cdn you are able to consume all the sushi you can eat - be careful to not order too much as there is $1 penalty for each piece you cannot finish.The rolls are standard - you won't find any exotic ingredients here like macadamia nuts or mango, but again, fine.  Fish is fresh - we liked the nigiri and sashimi of salmon, hamachi and tuna.Of the cooked options, grilled squid was a tad tough, the pork katsu flavourful, the tempura dough a little thick...Service is efficient if not a little brusque.
2	while the price is appealing, not much else is.  the rolls are not original or particularly well executed, they use too much rice and the seaweed paper is chewy, the fish was not fresh but tasted OK.maybe its a culture clash - myself being from California, where I can find a better sushi place by sneezing onto my GPS.
3	It's mot 3 1/5 * but I found some typo mistake on the board. I don't know why but I'm annoyed to see some mistake on a menu, it kills the professionalism of the restaurant. Anyway, I went there to carry out and it's pretty fast, they have the best cheap sushi in my opinion. It's tough to find some good cheap sushi, especially some all you can eat sushi place with some decent quality. The carry out I had is obviously not all-you-can-eat but 12 pieces (6 california rolls,6 tuna rolls, 6 blabla don't know rolls! The fish is fresh, quite good even thought it doesn't beat some other sushi I had, but it's definetly a good spot for cheap date. for 30$ you're out with all you can eat, a soft drink and a tip.
2	Yeah, I wasn't very impressed with this all you can eat sushi joint. I found it strange that 1 order of a maki roll was for only 2 pieces. What the what? I spotted a tray with pre-plated sashimi on it covered with saran wrap. So yes, it's quick and edible but even at $14.49 for lunch I still didn't think it was the worth the money and have eaten much better all you can eat sushi in my time. Also found it strange how limited the all you can eat menu was, but I suppose that makes sense if everything is pre-made... sure, it's busy so what you get is fairly fresh but personally I'd rather wait and get something that has been made to order. Also found that the nigiri and maki rolls fell apart very easily. As a final warning, I'd suggest you stay away from the edamame, it looked pretty wilted, wasn't salted and was just plain bad. I couldn't finish it.  So if you couldn't tell by this review, I will not be returning to Kanda any time soon.
2	Food- 3.5 starsService- 1 starIt is a strange feeling to be in a restaurant, a place that is by no means close to full, and to feel unwanted by your server. Maybe this guy was just having a terrible day but with every question, every request, my friends and I could feel his hatred burning. It started with inquiring about whether or not we had to do the all-you-can-eat. Most places I know have that as an option but this seemed to be the be all and end all by the way he was speaking... except it wasn't. Awkward. Note to you: we didn't get the AYCE, but you might as well if you're remotely hungry because it will come to about the same price.  The miso soup was a bit blah. The edamame was good and came in a huge portion size. The maki itself was great! I had a spicy salmon roll as well as a dynamite-tempura shrimp one, both very fresh, tasty and covered in fish eggs. Tried my friends tuna sashimi- not so fresh tasting, but at least we had a few rolls going to make up for it. Bill confusion, pay upfront. They probably won't separate it for you but we got them to split it equally four ways. Good food, which for the most part gets utterly burried under some you're-dumb-why-are-you-here? service. Unfortunate but true of this experience I had.
5	let put it like this, i came to montreal over the weekend to unwind - decided to munch on some AYCE sushi, there are a few good places in NY and NJ "read my other reviews" , It was hard to pick out a place in montreal, so I decided to give kanda a shot.Location -     Its about 2 blocks from the McGill station, not badAbout Place/menu   So the restaurant has about 2 floors - but on a sunday afternoon only the main level was open, and it was busy the wait time was about 3 minutes to be seated, this is really all you can eat, you get a sheet a paper and you order from there, they had sushi (fish top rice bottom) salmon, tuna, crab, and a few others (also had Salmon sashimi in 2s so if you want 10 order 5) , they also had cut sushi (in 2's) had the california, salmon, avocado, - no hand rolls (cone), asked if i could order a la carte, and was told it was not avail. they also had a cooked menu selection like chicken/beef/salmon teriyaki- wasn't interested QualityRice was fine, they didn't over do it with rice, and the rice was edible not hard like others state.Salmon - AWESOME!Avocado - Creamy and nutty :)Wasabi - looked abit old, still enjoyable but looks old and dryPriceLunch was $15 and they had a 10% off student discount my school id from NJ worked, so that saved me $1.50 helps with taxes.Overall, place was clean,service was quick waited about 2-5 minutes to wait for order to come through, which i got in parts,  nice staff, would come again
2	My girlfriend and I were in town on vacation for a week. We wanted to stop in a nice restaurant for sushi and this was conveniently located a few blocks from where we were staying.The atmosphere seemed nice and we were seated right away due to hardly anyone being in there during the lunch time.We were asked in French what we would like to drink?  Once we spoke in English we were treated poorly. We each ordered iced tea. They were brought out in a can with a straw in them, while other customers were given glasses.  We were offered no water either.We were given an all you can eat buffet menu with no other option to order from a regular menu.  Nothing was explained to us indicating the all-you-can-eat only option.  Once we realized that was our only option, we started to order more at each time.  Every time our rolls were brought out we had to request a new menu, they were not presented to us automatically.  We felt as if we were bothering them each time we asked for one.  Also felt as if we were bothering them each time they brought out our food. Food wise the rolls were good.  It wasn't top-notch maki, but it was a step up from buying the pre-packaged rolls in stores. There were a fair amount of options for rolls, but their full menu was not available for the all-you-can-eat buffet. They also had some decent sushi as well, but again nothing too extravagant. When we were finished, we were given our bill and asked to pay up front (spoken in French, when they knew we spoke English)!  We noticed other customers paying from their tables.  There was no total written on the bill and when presented to the "cashier", she had a confused look on her face.  She totaled up our two all-you-can-eat lunches($24.99 each), along with our two iced teas($1.50 each), plus tax.  Our total should have been $52.98+tax (around $55), we paid about $63!  They must've decided to include a tip for themselves without our consent. I'm really glad we didn't leave an additional tip at the table!To sum it up:Rude serviceDecent foodOver priced + over chargedNeedless to say, next time my girlfriend and I are in Montreal, we will not be returning to this restaurant!
2	Location is good, but that's about it. The selection is quite poor and the service is slow. I much prefer Tokyo Sushi for price, food and service.
3	Great place for a quick fix for the price all you eat  for $22.  Smaller sushi pieces with more rice than u like but still fresh and reasonable good.
4	I am writing this as there have not been any reviews of this restaurant in over a year, and I feel that Kanda is better than what comes across from the reviews to date. We went today because the reviews of the food itself seem ok.So how was it? The food was absolutely great, and the service was efficient. I won't say the waiters were falling over themselves to be friendly and attentive. But they were courteous enough, and got the business done swiftly. Best of all, they were in no hurry to get rid of us.The cost is ~$23 per person, and that includes sushi, sashimi, and lots of other assorted stuff. They give you pieces of paper to fill out what you want, with everything fairly well described in English and French. Once you've finished eating, they bring the sheets of paper back so you can ask for more.The quality of the sushi and sashimi  was very high, and the temperature was good.I would certainly go back.
2	Service is bad, food is slow, and the nigiri sushi didn't taste much because it was practically all rice. I go there with friends when we are really hungry and want to stuff ourselves, but if one wants to enjoy actual sushi, there are many other places in Montreal.On the other hand, the Korean BBQ they have upstairs is alright, you just have to pay some extra bucks for it (you can still have sushi with the BBQ). The service is mediocre, and they do not allow you to change the grilling plate once it gets charcoaled (unlike most Korean BBQ places).
1	This was the WORST customer service I have yet to experience. I was treated by the hostess/waitress at the front counter as if she was doing me some big favour by listening to me while I was listing off the take-out sushi. Eye contact was sparse and she was constantly rushing to answer my questions, at times walking away in mid sentence. Eventually I got my order through. Then the food came (she dropped it on the counter and said, "Your orders ready" without looking at me or even acknowledging whether I heard her from across the room). I paid $40 but only got $20 to $25 MAX worth of sushi at any other place. The sushi was ok despite being sparse. The sashimi was about 1/3 of the thickness that you would usually expect. The slush bubble tea was not the smooth silky texture you would expect, but rather the granulated ice slush you get at the convenience store for $0.99--but you'll pay $4 for the slush here. Skip this place. It's not worth it the price and the customer service is the worst. Had they charged half the price or if the portions were double the size, then I would perhaps forgive some of the attitude and maybe give them 2 stars, three max.
5	I do not know about you but here it is my openion.I wnet at lunch one of the few palces that offer Sashimi at lunch and it melt in your mouth. then the tuna sushi is out of this world. the smaoke salmon is really supper at lunch all of trhs for 14.99$. Light high quality Sushi. At night the Jumbo broiled shrip galic is super beside what ever you have Sashmi. the beef sashimi is the best in the world so smaoked and tender is great even peoplenot used to it praised it.I have been in vages suhsi , vancouver sushi itcy Ban this palce is here in montreal up to this catagory. enjoy it
2	Service is slow.  Sushi is mediocre.  $17.24 gets you a very limited sushi menu.  The rest is Chinese dishes, so why call it a sushi bar? I asked the waiter if the single piece teriyaki order is large or just a small piece. He said it was a small piece, so I ordered 4.  He served me 4 giant pieces of salmon teriyaki.  I told him it was way too much and please take it back. He asked me if I wanted to keep one and I said ok.  Then another waiter serves me another giant piece a minute later. I told him I already have a piece and he got annoyed with me. The previous waiter obviously added "1 piece" to my order by mistake!  I had to tell him this.  To top it all off, it's a pay at the cash restaurant, even though they give you the bill in a bill folder with a place for the credit card and then don't bother telling you you have to go to the cash to pay.  I had to sit there for several minutes trying to get someone's attention.  Very rude.Not worth the price. In Toronto I can get a much better AYCE sushi meal with better service for $13. (See Masa Sushi on Charles St. E)
3	I'm totally a fan, and when in Montreal for work or play will often find myself here. This sushi bar is an all-you-can-eat without the negative stigma of a buffet. Rather, your sushi is made-to-order, and you simply put in additional requests. Although the sushi is very safe (read: no specially-cut eel or blowfish), the basic rolls are fresh and well-prepared. I have happily sat here for a couple hours ordering sushi and doing work, and (likely because it was neither lunch or dinner rush) wasn't hurried or bothered. Although Montreal boasts better sushi, Kanda is really solid sushi with a pleasant and non-distracting atmosphere for a relatively cheap, fresh lunch.
3	The service was okay, not friendly, but not unfriendly. It was lunchtime and the service came quickly, which my friend thought was very surprising, since usually it's slow. There isn't lots of sushi choices, but still, the sushis are good.Not much to say about this sushi bar, except that it's okay.
1	My first experience at Kanda St Catherine was unpleasant. The food was terrible especially given the price they charge. It felt like it is made in a factory as it lacks freshness and taste. To top it off, the place itself is dirty, I went to use the rest room and I was shocked how dirty it was.
4	Very fast food and great service.  No guilt factor when you order a lot and there is a very homely vibe.  The restaurant seems to have had a lot of money invested into it as it's in a prime location, but many people would rather go to its competitors.  Hot food is excellent although sometimes seems to be a bit of a limited menu compared to others.  Sushi is good, but no where near excellent.  For the price, I always get my money's worth especially during lunch time.  Overall a convenient awesome a volonte sushi and does not deserve a bad grade at all.
1	the service is ok the food is not that good and they charge the tip 15% on receipt  don't go there
