3	ate here saturday night.  food was pretty good.  we were greated promptly by a very friendly server who set up a table for our party of 8.  baskets of chips and dishes of salsa were delivered and we were given time to check out menu, as it was first visit for most of us, and server very helpful when I asked her to describe the different tortas on menu.  boyfriend and his brother got the cubana which had ham, cheese and pork, looked good and he had jamaica agua fresca.  i ordered the trevy which was grilled chicken breast, ham, cheese, pineapple, avocado, lettuce, tomato, very good along with aguas frescas de limon, which was blended with ice so it was like a slush, the best ever.  boyfriend's mother ordered the chiles rellenos plate which came with generous sides of rice and beans.  the kids really enjoyed the chips and salsa and their cheese quesadillas.  boyfriend's sister in law and her sister got bean burros which actually looked like the beans were homemade, nice combination of creaminess and whole beans.  will definitely go back.
5	Growing up around Chilangos, I got to experience legit Mexico City food first hand. After driving past this place a couple times, I decided to finally give it a shot. None of that "mango salsa, gourmet" bullshit, this is the real deal food you'd find in a Mexican's kitchen. The atmosphere is what you would expect of a family-owned Mexican restaurant. The server greeted us warmly and provided chips and salsa after seating us promptly. I ordered the Torta Cubana, which came in a very generous portion wish fresh ingredients.  The bread was nice and soft with a light, buttery toast. The milanesa had a nice crunch, but was still juicy on the inside, and the avocado was bright green and perfectly matured. Cheese was melted and you could tell my food had just been prepared.The food was authentic, the server paid consistent attention to us, and the people who cooked my meal genuinely cared about making sure I was satisfied.This place is my go-to joint for Tortas.
3	I have been meaning to try this place for a couple of years but for some reason I was worried that because of the signage they would not speak English.  Well I was wrong.  Based on my first visit they make really good sandwiches (Tortas) and they speak English just fine.Located in a small strip mall their dining room can best be described as spartan.  This is a perfect fit as their pricing fits right between a 'bertos and a more traditional sit down restaurant.  There is full waiter service for those eating in.  There is a full menu and from what I can tell a few options that can be ordered off the menu.  As this is close to my work I plan on coming back more times to sample the large menu.
1	I keep hearing great comments about this place and since I love TORTAS  decided to give it a try. Walk in place thinking will be a fast way to take dinner home but oh boy I was wrong!!!!. I waited there for like 20 minutes by cashier to place my order and a waiter came and went but never even asked me if I needed help. So I decided to leave. The most disappointment part was that place wasn't even full. In fact only one table with a couple was occupied. I'd never went back and do not intent to do so. I'm giving it one star because I didn't try food and it doesn't let me post review without it. :/
5	I love the food here & the lemonade is freshly made. Good tasting salsa always makes me happy. I have nothing bad to say about the place... Check it out!
4	I haven't been here for almost a year. The reason was because the food was bad due to new owners. I am happy to say thay they have new owners and the food is great now. I will definitely come back.
