4	I have never shopped here for furniture, but they have GREAT unique and inexpensive gifts.  Small home decor items, jewelry, candles, bath and body products, and also really funny cards and sarcastic gift items.  It was my little secret, but now that I moved, I guess I will share it with all of you!
5	Found this place in a Charlotte guide book.  What a GREAT find!!!  Cool, modern stuff at reasonable prices.  I was looking for couches and found a great deal on one that is super comfortable.  I will definitely be going back to this place when I need some more decor items for my place.  And the staff was especially friendly and helpful.
5	This is one of the best places to shop for your home in Charlotte period.  They always have fresh inspirational pieces...I want to buy something every time I walk in.  The owner Rob as well as the manager, Steed are awesome and very helpful.  If they don't have exactly what you've been looking for in the showroom they will help you find it through their many catalogs.  It is a somewhat hidden spot in the awesome neighborhood, Plaza Midwood.  Worth the trip....great smaller gifts, candles, books, jewelry, etc...as well!
5	Yesterday I showed my sister and one niece around this great store!  Modern Lighting (seems like they always have some new lamps).  Modern Furniture (some of my favorite).  Art by Robert Boyd, owner of this store (my favorite Artist) and as a bonus... they have Fred!
4	Okay, I love this store.  You have to visit If you're looking for an ultra cool rug (simple geometric patterns) or end-table... Anything related to the home- but especially those.  Prices are phenomenal.
4	Stopped by this place based on Yelp reviews. I'm glad I did.  This store has great statement pieces (lamps, rugs, chairs) to add to your home.  Plus, any furniture they carry is great for apartment or condo living (not oversized sectionals and massive chests). There is also a section with unique gifts and funny cards.  Street parking can be a little tricky.
5	If I could move straight into City Supply Co, I would.  Somehow, they manage to successfully combine traditional with modern and casual with funky.  There are the bigger, more expensive items like custom fabric couches, lighting, and large scale art, but also a whole plethora of unique and affordable gifts and accessories (jewelry, books, candles, art, etc.) to decorate your home with or give as gifts to friends.  The employees are incredibly helpful and the service is top quality.  When I win the lottery, I'm buying the whole store!
