2	I do most of my grocery shopping at Fresh & Easy, but that's a small place, so I tend to pick up what they don't have (or are out of) at this Fry's. It's close to my apartment which makes it easy to get to. However, it's close enough to a busy intersection at McDowell and Hayden, that if you go heavy traffic times, it's hard to get out of. The parking lot is also annoying to navigate through, and people tend to leave their carts all over the place. It would be nice if the employees did a better job of cleaning up those carts. It's a decent enough supermarket. It's a good size, and tends to everything that I'm looking for in stock. Produce is a real hit or miss. Sometimes I pick up something and it expires in a day or two, other times it lasts a week or two. You just got to luck out and shop there when it's fresh. I think (like most grocery stores) Fry's gets its produce on Wednesdays and Fridays, so shop during the late afternoon on those days. The store is clean, but nothing spectacular. It seems like other grocery stores in the area are trying to class up, but Fry's remains exactly what you'd expect it to look like. The class of shoppers kind of reflects that at this location. When compared to Fresh & Easy, the nearest Safeway, and even another Fry's a couple miles north, I tend to notice quite a few people with mullets here.
4	We are not used to shopping at a Frys. We come from Alaska were there are Fred Meyers, Carrs/Safeway, Walgreens, and Walmart where things are expensive. The employees at the register were extremely nice both we have been here so far. They don't offer much as for as beauty and health goes but the food was cheap (comparable: bag of chips for $1.99 in AK it's $4.99). And there is liquor, beer and wine inside the store! Not in another building like in Alaska. It's definately makes things easier.Yeah for Frys!
1	This store has completed a remodel and it looks great!  I was in the deli department today... on my way home from work.  Another man was also waiting, at the hot chicken dinners to go area.  We waited, watched and listened to a red haired enployee talking on the telephone and then asking another employee if she could work on such and such day.  She hung up the telephone and grabbed some paper towel to start cleaning a chicken oven.  I asked if we were invisable.  She said.. "oh I am so sorry" and then proceeded to clean the window of the oven!!!  Really?  I will never again shop at this Frys, or any other Frys.... you can dress it up and make the store look nice.... but you need to hire employees that understand that a customer is the number one priority
4	Frys is awesome, but like all supermarkets do not come here in the late hours. Unless you want to people watch. It is great... Anthropological enthusiasts come here.
