3	Basically it's Subway.  Service is so so, sometimes it's good but usually it's mediocre at best.  It seems when ever they get a few people they get a little freaked and hurried which seems to make it all go slower.  I'm a veggie sub fan myself and they always skimp on the veggies so I have to ask for extras.  Just assume double if it's a veggie sub people!
4	TheresaI tried the new enchilada sub and I LOVED it. The meat doesn't look good but it tastes really good.  What really makes this Subway awesome is Theresa.  She is really helpful walking me through on what she thought would be the best for the new sandwich she was funny.  And had dog treats for our dogs outside. And she didn't put too much veggies on but not too little. Between Theresa and the new sub I am def going to come back.
1	This was my 2nd time going to this Subway location, first time no one ever came out from the back so I ended up walking out.  I now realize that was a blessing in disguise.  I decided to go again today because I was right in the area.  First, they only had one employee working.  Lettuce was very wilted and turning brown, then the phone was ringing and she put the caller on hold and with the same gloves went back to making the sandwich!!  Disgusting!  Luckily it was only a side of jalapenos and I was able to just throw them out.  Lastly, as I was leaving I heard her pick up the phone and start arguing with someone who I am assuming was a friend or family?!  Very ghetto location and I will not be returning!  Very sad because normally Subway is pretty clean and a great place to eat.
1	Stopped in for a bite while out running errands. We were confused because the guy inside was already putting chairs up on the tables and it was only 7ish (they close at 10). There were only two people ahead of us and it was taking forever! I was literally a second from walking out when Eric finally decided to help us. I got the 6" sweet onion chicken teriyaki on Italian bread with Swiss cheese. I didn't feel like toasted bread, so he just heated up the chicken for me. These guys were so slow making sandwiches... After paying and getting our drinks, we sat down at one of the high top tables, since all the other chairs were up. Right when we started to eat, the two employees went outside to smoke, leaving the store completely unattended. We were amazed. The chicken in my sub was not the best quality and I had to spit out some inedible pieces. Also there was a static-y speaker playing Jingle Bell Rock cutting in and out. Very annoying. We were finished eating by the time the two employees came back in from their smoke break. So irresponsible. Then they proceeded to empty all three tea dispensers like they were getting ready to close up shop. It was only 7:30! I bet they were planning to close the store early. These guys ought to be fired.
