5	Excellent Parts & Service for all Light, Medium and Heavy duty trucks. Dealership sales Freightliner, Western Star & Ford trucks. Also a Sprinter dealer!!
5	Had our 37' Safari diesel pusher towed here for brake work.  A-1 towing out of Laughlin was amazing!  The service at Freightliner was fantastic.  Blair and Gilles were very caring and professional.  Work was done professionally and in a timely manner.  Price was reasonable.  Would highly recommend this facility for any issue you may have with your motorhome.  Many thanks again Blair and Gilles.  You made a very stressful situation manageable.  Thanks for your great work.  Our very best to you in the future.
4	Had a problem with engine light, erratic tach and minor surging which was diagnosed and repaired in reasonable time and fair price.  Polite staff all around, nice waiting room and excellent facility.  Would be a 5 except that they are so busy that there is a long wait when getting work done.  Have also used them for parts and they are very efficient.
5	We are full time RVer's . We have a new one month old Phaeton motorhome. We were 40 miles north of Las Vegas when the check engine light came on. We were not planning on stopping in Las Vegas. I called our dealer who informed me that there was a freightliner dealer in North Las Vegas. We pulled in last Friday morning at around 10 am. They jumped right in and got the paper work done and started right away on our motorhome. Unfortunately it was Friday and the mechanic that is cummins certified was off on Saturday and Sunday, but he spent all day Friday until 7 pm tracing down the code. He worked all day Monday and found the sensor after going through cummins process. They had to order this sensor from Cummins but had it shipped over night and installed it . Las Vegas Freightliner is a great place to go. Having to work around Cummins parameters for warranty work, they did whatever they could to find the problem. Rick the shop foreman, Dave the mechanic and Linda in the office were very helpful in getting us back on the road.
1	We recently thought we might need brake work on our RV.  We usually look for a company name we think would be associated with quality work.  Since we were staying in Las Vegas, NV & there was a Freightliner representative close by, we thought that would be the place to go.  Big mistake!!    While trying to check in, we waited while they took phone call after phone call, then would come back to us, forgetting what we already told them.  Then, after being there about 5 hours, they sent a person to tell us what was going on.  Unfortunately, this young man had no idea what he was talking about, he was just relaying information.  On an RV with 37,000 miles, we were told all our pads & drums were bad & needed replacement.  They said it would take about 8 hours of labor, plus parts, and cost $3300, but we would have to bring it back the next day.  We had also asked them to check our batteries under load.  They said they could check the two 12 V but there was no way to check the four 6V batteries (wrong).  We left there feeling uncomfortable.  When we returned to our campground, we spoke to a couple people who know more about this stuff than we & they said none of the above sounded right.  We then made a couple phone calls to other places that would do the work & were told there was no way it should take that long to do the work, or be that expensive.  We then took it to Emergency Roadside Assistance (ERA) and, after removing  the six tires, drums and pads, they asked us to inspect the parts.  We were told the back tires had never been removed & there was no way the Freightliner rep could really tell if the drums & pads needed replacing: they were in fact in fine condition.   On the front, the drums were fine, but two of the pads each had a small crack & they suggested replacing those.  They also tested our 6 batteries.  It took them 4 hours in labor & the whole bill was $830.  We don't mind paying the bill for Fair, Honest work, but we truly believe that the Freightliner rep did not do a true inspection: that either the technicians are incompetent or the company attempted to defraud us.  When asked about seeing the parts, they said it was all put back together, so they couldn't show us the problems.  I would never recommend this company to anyone.
1	After 24 hours of waiting for word on my issue, I had to ask them what the problem was, what the plan was nd when they anticipated the truck would be available to me...All while having to read their signs on their walls all stating that they are committed to providing all of the above, within the FIRST 2 HOURS...lousy job folks...This is the epitome of terrible customer service! Furthermore, when I told the service person the symptom I brought it in for, can only be duplicated when the engine is under a load...surprise, surprise they tested it and told me they couldn't locate the issue...This is because they test drove it without the engine being under a load....This place clearly believes 15 year veterans of the road, are idiots and don't know what they're talking about....so, it's a big zero on the customer service front, and a big zero in diagnosis due to inadequate testing practices...driver beware. ..go elsewhere for your service needs if you are able to.
1	I usually don't like writing bad reviews but it happens every time I call for parts. I'm treated horribly and talk to you like if you know nothing. They are rude and put you on hold when ever they feel like it. The only reason I go to them is for parts because they are the only ones with these parts in town. Super poor customer service.
