5	We really enjoyed opening night tonight! Our server was Julie and she was awesome! She made sure we felt welcome and drinks were always fresh! Make sure you ask her when you stop over! If your having a party the shot ski is where it begins here!
3	Great place. I got the pork sliders, and they were very good except for that the sauce was a bit too sugary. My grandparents got the fish tacos, and they were pretty good. I give 2 less points because of the horribly loud music. I couldn't even hold a conversation in this place. It's a whole lot of screaming and only hearing half of what the person is saying. The girls are almost too cheerful, but are very sweet. Their tops are too revealing, but clearly it's what the "boys" that come here want to see. It's sad....There are also too many tv's. It's just about all a person can do in this place is watch it, because you won't hear anyone speaking at your table. I would come back here. The other food looks like it has potential. I wish I could give 3.5 stars :)
4	You get a loud welcome from the girls when you walk in. The restaurant is covered in animal heads, antlers and tvs. Our server was Julia. She was very nice and attentive.  All the servers are pretty cute, fit, and young. My bf ordered the chicken strips.  She asked what sauce, so our friend said honey mustard, my bf and I said ranch at the same time.  I pulled her aside and said we could just share one ranch.  I also ordered ONE pretzel.  Our order was brought back and we got 2 pretzels and also 2 ranch(there is a charge per ranch).  I asked about the pretzel, they were willing to take it back. However, the boys agreed to eat it.  The food wasn't bad, typical bar food.  Actually better food than the restaurant most adjacent.  Our friend joined the table much later. Very quickly our server came to ask what he would like to drink. Good job! My bf ordered another small beer but then she brought back the large one.  We never had to wait on our service, but she did not always get it right. They offer a fun 4 person shot on a ski. Chanting, "shotski! Shotski! Shotski!"  At some point some hip hop music was blasting loud on the speakers during the shot ski. (The speakers were LOUD) This spot is like a hooters but with mid drifts.   I think this location is more attractive than the one on the strip.  Will for sure be a hang out for us close to home.  I'd say generously 3 stars for food.  And an extra one for the experience the boys enjoyed the atmosphere.  Wish the girls stopped by our table more, I feel like since I'm a girl maybe they didn't want to?
5	My wife and I had the salads - chicken and the steak and they were excellent.  I am very picky so I would not say they were excellent if I did not really mean it.  Service was off the charts attentive and the flat screen tvs with sports are probably the best i have seen in a sports pub.  Lot's of them and easy to see from the majority of seats.  We would go again and try other menu items if they were in our home state.
4	I would qualify my four stars with a "for a place like this" note.  If you're looking for a really loud, obnoxious sports bar with waitresses acting way over enthusiastically about everything to upsell you on drinks...well, this is about as good as it's going to get.  I'll also have to give them big credit for actually having really good food...was not expecting that after I walked in and checked the environment.A note regarding the sexy girl staff....A+ on the week night I was there :-)  But since I attended with my girlfriend...well, you know...had to practice a bit of "eye control".Even considering the intended environment, I'd say the music is too loud.  You're going to have to speak very loudly to even have a conversation at your own table.  It's a symptom of poor acoustical design...for probably several thousand dollars in consulting and several thousand more in equipment/materials this could, and should, be fixed.
5	Enjoyed meeting our friends here.  The place is pretty new,when I saw the sign that said scenic views I thought wth how can there be senic views at this location?Then we stepped inside and saw my my friend John picked the place.  There icy cold beer and the large number of tv screens of course.
1	This is a BREASTaurant    - Hooters with a mountain theme.  I already know this will be a sausage (venison?) fest with exclusively miserable husbands at the bar escaping with sports.Ok this is where they started and went downhill from there.  1 - no gaming - good luck in Vegas franchise from Texas!  2 - young pups (hired for hair and implants and are exactly 21) who don't know how to pour a Manhattan or hold a crowd (lots if standing around and pouting).  3- supposed to be sexy but exactly one skinny body type - no bum no body diversity.  4.  Food sucked and was $$!   Beer slushies and wings on par with Denny's - yum yum. This place has been 4 different concepts and this will die out soon too.  There is nothing at all interesting with food, beer, or girls.  The girls are sweet but this is a hot mess of trying to be sexy when we see more on billboards here!  Alienating 50 percent of the population with SIT2P bathrooms and terrible service to females as evidenced by many Yelp reviews in other cities -- not smart! Ok I got accused of being jealous by a fellow Yelper.  Not true- there are lots of places with sexy gals that I love (PT's Gold, Treasures ;) but you also need to be a good bartender!  If you don't know where Firestone beer is from or where you get the venison in the chili from you are just eye candy.  There is nothing wrong with being sexy but if this is a dining spot and not a strip club then act like it!!  Food and service was worse than Hooters - I didn't know that was possible.  You don't really come to a place like this for anything but the girls. Unimpressed.  Grapes on a celery.  No curves :(Arkansas Times agrees with me.  Epic bad.They called it, "The worst most apathetic swill I've ever eaten."  Ha ha ha yep!
1	Every single bartender is a rookie. Not one of them knows the basic ingredients in any common drink! They didn't hire these chicks for their brains or abilities!
4	Drunken fun times is all I have to say!! The restaurant itself has a woodsy cabin feel to it. Lots of TVs around the bar to watch whatever game is on. The servers have on sexy lumberjack looking outfits with their twin peaks, hence the name of the joint. It's pretty much standard bar food like wings and burgers. Their fried pickles were freaking delicious. We came here with about 15 people. Our server was super sweet and easy going. She kept the drinks flowing and made sure we were taken care of. They do this little dance number and since I was pretty drunk, I decided to join them:) The bartender chick was another story, hence the one star taken off. We went up to the bar to get our drinks since our server was really busy with other tables. We order a shot of Tito's, a Divorce (one of their signature shots) and a vodka ginger ale. I was pretty drunk already but still managed to remember our drinks. The bartender asked me 3 times what it was that I ordered. And she was the sober one. Not so smart there, and it took her forever to make the Divorce because she had no idea what it was made with. Anyway, I still had a good time. Fun place to hang out with your friends and have a few drinks.
2	If this was just a bar it would be great fun! The food is awful! So come to drink but skip the food.
1	Awful.  Walked in, right up to the hostess table to see four girls in conversation.  Not one looked up, so after a few seconds I walked in myself and found my friends.  15 minutes passed before the waitress showed to take my drink order.  15 minutes after ordering my drink, I left.  As per my friends that stayed, my drink showed up about five minutes after I left.  35 minutes.  For a jack and coke.  The entire 30 minutes I spent there I watched the waitresses talking to one another.  Management- if you'd like this place to make it, you'd better make some serious changes in the culture.  I haven't heard a good thing about your place yet.  The world doesn't need another 'Hooters'.
3	Finally went in to check out the new neighborhood place at Eastern & Richmar. This is the fifth restaurant to open in the same building, so I hope they do well. Twin Peaks is a chain sports bar made up to look like a hunting lodge and has stuffed animal heads, pelts and antlers everywhere. The girls that work there are all very good looking and nice, so that makes the visit worth while right there. The menu is very limited. It has the customary hamburgers, chicken tenders, fried pickles, some salads and soups. Doesn't really have many entrees, I had the backed trout which was very good while my wife had the venison burger that was also good. Nothing to do cartwheels over but definitely a fun place to hang out, have a snack and drink while watching a sporting event. They have TVs all over the place, including an outdoor patio and TV monitors at all the booths.
3	Prior time that I went everything was wonderful. This time I went to go see the USA v. Ukraine soccer game and the doors were closed although they state they open @ 11am. A call was made after 11 am and nobody answered. Considering they are so new they are not doing a good job in opening in a timely manner.
1	This place is just absolutely horrible. Went in to check it out and have some dinner. 45 minute wait not a big deal, decided to go to the bar and get some drinks. I was looked at and past over by 3 different bartenders (presumably because I am a female). Word of advise ladies- we will tip you well also as long as you give good service. Two gentlemen at the bar had to ask the bartender for the drinks I wanted because I was being ignored. Buzzer for table goes off right as I got the drinks.  Get shown to the table (good thing I got two drinks at the bar), it took 10 to 15 minutes for the server to show up.  And talk about stupid.  I understand the concept of the restaurant but seriously train your staff better.   We were going to order a bunch of starters (what they call teasers). There menu is not that big.  Ordered soft pretzels,  they wes out.  Ordered pulled pork sliders,  server said I think we might be out,  can you go check so we can make a decision.  Yep, they were out. Asked the server,  what do you have?  She says everything else. Ok.  What kind of fish is used for the fish tacos,  oh we are out of fish, but if we had it tilapia.  (How do you run out of half the items in your menu? ) Do you have any wine?  Yes,  chardonnay and white zinfandel.  Do you have any red wine?  Yes, it's a cabernet, I think.   Food was so so. Time to pay the bill, have her $32 in cash asked for the rest to be put on a debit card.  Only puts in$22 in cash and the rest on a credit card.  Called her over,  told her the mistake and she gets mad at us.  Sorry darlin' you were not worth the $10 you tried to pocket.  Again ladies,  just because we are not interested in your Twin Peaks doesn't mean that you have to ignore us and give us crappy,  no horrific service.  If you givegood serviceyou willbe tipped well.  Gengerally 20-30%.  We are all in the industry and if you worked for me you wouldn't have a job.
3	Going to  keep it simple. Pro's Atmosphere- very good job. TV's everywhere.  Service-friendly-pretty ladiesBeer is definitely cold!Menu is limited. We ordered a variety of stuff that came out ok(bar food).Portions, price ok . We had sandwiches which were fine and a Cobb Salad.  Con'sFor lasting power in an area with lots of bars and competition they need to cater to the locals-- No Happy Hour- limited menu- No advertised food or drink specials-Not open 24hrs- Pricey for drinks-UFC $10 per person- but they carry it.-limited wine menu-really not much at all and horrible selection.-No pitchers of beer or bottles of wine for purchase.-Football season will be interesting because all other places offer specials during the games. The splash is now since its new however, I'm confident someone will consider a few of the above. With that said it's worthy of a visit.
5	Went to check out this place since it's close to home. Great place to watch a game. Beer was ice cold, the food was delish with the ghost pepper wings and pretzel w/ beer cheese a must try. The waitress "Ursula" was super nice and nice to look at...wink wink!!! The service was excellent too with her being knowledgeable with menu suggestions and attentive at keeping my beer full. She even suggested the honey badger shot which is now a new favorite as well. Check this place out! Did I mention my waitress was hot!
4	As soon as I walked in I was greeted by three very friendly (not over the top friendly which I loved) hostesses. Not only that but I had a nice conversation with one before I was seated. At first glance the menu is pretty standard bar food but many of the items and food combinations I never saw before so naturally I was impressed. In all honesty the best part of my night out at Twin Peaks was my server. She sat down at my table and talked to me about the food and drinks in a very friendly (once again not a creepy friendly way either) and we had a very good conversation where I really got to know her and she got to know me. What I noticed was all the servers behaved the same way and to me good server customer relations are always a great sign. In all honestly what really made my night was how welcomed I felt and to me being greeted with genuine warm hospitality is always a plus (not to mention everything on the menu is very reasonably priced and you really get the bang for your buck). Another thing I absolutely loved was the kind of music that Twin Peaks has. Silly I know but that's another thing I look for in a good restaurant. One other thing I should point out is the great merchandise available to purchase. Not only do you have the choice of shirts and baseball hats but also a really nice and functional winter cap (I plan on buying one next time I come in) Now my one and only complaint is there's dozens of televisions but they all have the exact same thing on. To me that's pretty redundant and if I was actually interested in eating out or sitting at a bar and needed to keep up with a sports game this would be a huge flaw (luckily I'm not that kind of person). All in all it was a very good experience and I ended up coming back again not that long after. Honestly I'll probably make it a weekly ritual and that to me is a true sign of a good place to go to. I highly recommend going to this restaurant for a good relaxed meal that won't break your bank account or let you down in the service department.
2	We've been here twice now. The servers are very sweet and obviously good looking. But they have yet to get our orders correct. The first time, we sat at the bar. There were about 10 other people there. It took a solid 5 minutes to be greeted. Once we ordered our food, she read back the wrong order. We corrected her, and the food still came out wrong. The second time we went with another couple. Again, our server was super sweet, but knew nothing about beer (asked us what a wheat beer is). And, once again, our food came out incorrectly. It's a great atmosphere. Nice, open space. TVs everywhere (and I mean everywhere). Not too loud. But the service has GOT to get better. I have a feeling they hired a lot of girls with zero service experience, which is fine. But you've got to train them not only on beer basics, but how to take an order correctly.
1	I bought the sampler plate and brought it to work, I work right next door, and was hoping to share something great with my co-workers. This place just opened, but the sampler was not good at all. The buffalo tenders were VERY soggy and limp, the mozzarella bites and fried pickles were soft and not crisp at all. Pretty gross and it was an easy plate to get at least one thing right... :( very disappointed. Hope that they start to do better!
4	Tried out this new place in the neighborhood for lunch.The girls twin peaks are definitely highlighted in their uniforms! I found them to be very friendly and service was good. The decor is very lodge-y and tons of BiG TVs! Nice sports bar ambience.Had a cheeseburger and it was awesome! So good! BF had chicken fingers and they were good too.Fun new place in the neighborhood!
4	Arrived around dinner time and it was very busy but we were seated promptly. Waitress Kat was very attentive and took our drink orders. We ordered the fried pickle appetizer which was perfect and one if not the best we had ever eaten. Kat returned with our drinks, took our meal order and we requested that the blaring music be turned down. Amazingly, they did and we were able to converse without shouting. Our food as ordered arrived in less than 15 minutes. The chicken fried steak, though thin was cooked perfectly. The shrimp and chicken,  prepared in a light batter, was great. Our only complaint, which management addressed, was the unnecessarily loud music.
4	Fun place to go watch the games TV's everywhere, the staff was nice and friendly . The food is simple things like burgers and apps. some dinner items . not a big menu at all ..But the food is good and the place has a lot to look at  " I mean the girls "  I Will Be Back
1	I had a blast at the Twin Peaks strip location for my birthday last year, so I was so excited to have a new location opening up closer to my house. Well, they have a lot of work to do if they want my business back. So disappointing.Decided to plan a going away function from my job the week they opened. A friend and coworker (yes we are in the industry) called in advance and spoke to the manager who told her that there was nothing we could do, it was first come first serve. Correct me if I'm wrong, but if a large party of industry professionals want to go there, spend a lot of money, and have a good time, you should probably make an accommodation. When we arrived they ended us giving us the whole patio area which was a nice gesture. It was a chilly evening but there is a fireplace so we took that so we could all be together. We had a great night up until the end when we were settling the bills. Obviously this was a complicated process because there were so many of us, but in the beginning of the night, they assured us that everything was fine and we would just take care of it at the end. There was about $60 that was not accounted for. My boyfriend (a restaurant manager) spoke to their manager who basically said: "somebody's gotta pay for it!". Not the correct solution sir. Especially because I'm almost positive that the check in question was paid for at the bar. Apologize, take your $60 loss and make us happy so you don't receive reviews like this. My boyfriend emailed their customer service department the next day and has still not received a response. Not good for building a loyal customer base. Good luck!
5	My girlfriend and I went her tonight. We had the most amazing server: Melissa G. She was absolutely friendly. She had us taste our drinks to make sure they were fine. She kept coming back and asked us how the food was. I ordered the blackened fish tacos. It was great. There was a lot of fish in the tacos and the salsa was great. I will be coming back in the future. I only want to be served by Melissa G! She wa awesome!
3	Slower than dirt. Waitress are friendly and pretty but kitchen is a disaster. Food took 45 mind on Sunday lunch when only 10 other tables. Will give another shot but only 1 more. Every restaurant in this location has failed. Hope they aren't the 3rd.
4	Great place to watch sports!!  Fantasy football fans unite... All in!  I can't wait for football season.  The girls were great.  Staff was very nice and went out of their way to make you comfortable.  They did try to make me dance but they weren't too pushy... Thank you girls!Pretzel is yummy.  Food is fine for a sports bar.  I haven't been to the other locations, but would be interested in seeing the indoor rock wall.  No major complaints... food is a little generic but service was great!
1	Oh Twin Peaks... These girls were not hired for skill. It's almost like they were too air headed for Hooters so try were hired here. Ok I get the theme. And I must say that's pretty cute, great concept. But this is a local spot meaning the slutty outfits arent gong to excuse your lack of skill and knowledge for long . Here are two conversations that actually happened last night...First Bartender- hi! Welcome to ..... Twin Peaks .she obviously forgot what the place was called.  Me- hello I'll take a scotch and soda with a twistBartender- I don't know if we have thatShe stands and stares at meMe- ok could you possibly check?She leaves and comes back 5 minutes laterBartender- what kind of soda do you wantMe- just soda waterBartender- oh like sparkling water?Me- that would be greatShe leaves comes back after talking to every bartender thereBartender- I'm sorry we don't have lemon twistsMe- do you have a lemon wedge?Bartender umm let me check...is this real life...She comes back with a lime wedge and a bourbon and water. I figured that was close enough so I head over to the table to join my group. (i was the late arrival since I was coming from work and I figured going to the bar to get a drink would have been faster since my bf informed me of their slow service at the table)My second conversation was with our waitress.Waitress- can I get you any drinks?Me- do you by chance have Pinot Noir here?I knew it was a long shot but I figured there had to be at least one red wine hereWaitress- ummm Me- pinot noir is a red wineWaitress- ohh! No, all we have is canyon red. Me- that's a red wine?Waitress- yea that's what the bottle saysMe- ok I'll take a glass please.We waited about 10 minutes and the waitress came back to tell me a manager had to "get the bottle open" so it would be right out.Don't order wine here btw, words can't describe how disgusting it is.Bartenders that don't know what scotch or a lemon twist is. A waitress that didn't know there are more then one type of red wine and a whole restaurant that doesn't know how to open a bottle of wine. Good luck Twin Peaks... Good luck. Btw what's up with the random girls walking around to give out "free hugs" I wonder what they'll put on their resume for future jobs. Skills: friendly, outgoing, great hugger Smh Smh Smh Smh Smh ok now I'm dizzy.
4	Went here one night with the guys. Had a couple of their own Dirty Blonde beers, which was very good, fried pickle basket (must have), and the pulled pork sliders. The sliders were good but I'll probably try something else next time.Now let's talk about the obvious...the girls. Everyone was very friendly and didn't seem to be there just to get a tip or paycheck.I'd go back again for sure. Maybe to watch some games on their many TVs.
1	Came here about 3 weeks ago had a blast service was great, here tonight our bartender Renee is more concerned with her cell phone then trying to get our food order right... Then after the kitchen is "closed" (15 minutes later) she tells me that they are out of the item I ordered... Not happy with this joint tonight probably won't be back & being that I'm in the Vegas industry I'll tell my friends & colleagues not to come because of the poor service... I can spend 90 bucks for a couple of drinks with my friends elsewhere!!!
3	If you want to go out to look a good looking girl that is all you will get. The order was not taken down correctly and we felt rushed when we were done with our meal. Food- if you want a decent meal skip it. We had the chicken fried steak that was flattened to the width of paper and lacked flavor. Our friend ordered the sliders and said they were not good as well.
1	Wow. Food really sucked. And I mean SUCKED.  Poblano chicken sandwich tasted like bland rubbery chicken. The cheese was like Elmer's glue and the lettuce was soggy and brown. Worst chicken sandwich I've ever had. Fortunately, the wait staff were THE hottest I've very seen anywhere. All beautiful, sweet girls - not strippers with fake tans. But they better improve food quality. Ask for Vanessa. She's a 10.
4	Starting off with the pretzel tonight. It's actually pretty good! Crispy, flavorful and comes with a cheese dip & a honey mustard . I had the chicken fried steak, it was HUGE!!!! Covered the whole plate!!!! It was tasty, but thin. My guy had the chicken & shrimp plate, the shrimps were big and not overly covered in batter. There are small flat screens at each booth that you can control the channels on, and above and around the bar are big screen TVs with all the games on. 22oz domestic beer for only 5$!!! Great food, good beer and great beer prices!
2	It's really just a wannabe Hooters or Tilted Kilt, but without any respectable food or service.Service was slow the whole time.  The place was nearly empty and they had plenty of waitresses, but everything took forever anyways.The menu is small and boring.  Burgers and sandwiches...and not even a lot of choices for burgers and sandwiches.I had a bbq burger which was okay.  Overcooked a little bit.  The fries it came with were nice thick steak fries though.  I love steak fries.  The thing is....you can get a similar burger and fries down the road at red robin for cheaper and with better service.  Sure, Red Robin has screaming kids and less pretty waitresses, but it's still a better experience I think.
2	Went here for lunch the other day. It was ok. Menu is pretty small. I have to agree with the other yelpers... Why are you serving beer slushies? Had the brunette which was descent. Time to change the temperature gauges on those reach ins girls. Now to the girls. Cute outfits. Fun concept. Very pretty ladies. Applaud you for using your assets and making those tips but please get a little training going on here. I couldn't get a straight answer for any of my questions. They just give this blank stare. Seriously, I only asked where the bathroom was and what was on tap before I decided it was a lost cause. I had to laugh it off. Now if I were a sports fan or a guy I could totally see the appeal with the tvs and the boobs. I might go back if someone else insisted but not on my own.
2	First time eating here. Lunch today, not impressed. Had the chicken ranch with fries. Not the best cut of chicken. Nothing outstanding that would want me to come back. Others in the party had burgers. Nothing to write home about. Just average.
5	Twin peaks is a new and awesome sports bar that's got a country log cabin vibe to it, the girls there are beautiful and the service is amazing, it also just may be the coldest beer I've ever had on tap,    I recommend the smoke house burger, and a man size corona on tap
2	Pretty much what most have been saying on here. Food is below marginal. Great atmosphere and the beers are great. TVs all over. The food , well the food you don't want to eat. I felt some what queasy after my pulled pork sliders. The waitresses are very nice but not to bright and some wear WAY too much makeup. But I digress. The food is far below marginal and it came out a little cold, the bun my pulled pork sat in was dry and almost stale. I think it was past it's expiration date by a week.
4	This place is great!  At first I was pretty surprised at the overall rating, but after reading the reviews, I understand. I think most of the negative reviews are from people who say "I get the concept but..." and actually DON'T get the concept. I've been here twice. Both times with a buddy to watch sports and have drinks while snacking on bar food. Mission accomplished. We weren't there to judge a beauty pageant or compare it to Hooters (although every girl is a 10!). We weren't expecting a 5 star Michelin meal. We weren't there to get their mixologist's latest handcrafted cocktail. I do think the beer selection and prices could be improved. I also don't like how cold the beer is served. Then again, to each their own. I work at a brewery, so I'm not looking for an ice cold Bud Light.  The bartender was happy to pour their Ballast Point IPA in a non-chilled glass for me though. Management was more than appeasing. During my visit on Opening Day for baseball, my buddy and I wanted the TVs changed more often than I'm sure they liked, but they did that for us. Randy also charged my phone for me!  The service was great. I've been to plenty of bars and never have I gone expecting white tablecloth service or for my server/bartender to know how many years distilled their vodka is or from which farm their chicken was raised. What I didn't expect was for my server from my first visit to recognize me when she saw me the next time I came in. Kudos!I do hope they add some more craft beers and get away from serving the beer so cold. Adding a happy hour would definitely bring me back (as well as other people in the industry) more often. I'd like to see them get the sports packages as well. Vegas is very diverse, so there are sports fans from all over who want to watch their hometown team. I hope this place stays and does well!
1	Went here right after they opened. We arrived on a night that had a UFC fight showing. The first thing we were greeted with we "THERE ARE NO SEATS LEFT!" from the girl holding the door WAY before we were even there.  No wait time, etc. I have been to the Twin Peaks on the Strip with GREAT results. The staff is great the food is great. This location needs to import some of the professionalism from that location.
4	This is my second time at twin peaks. The first time was at the location in the strip. The food was very good. I got the fish tacos and they were full of flavor and texture. For bar food, it was delicious. I also got the dirty blond beer (man size) to wash it all down. My roommate and I sat at the bar to eat and the bartender took our order. She then went directly to the computer to put in the order and instantly had to ask me again what my roommate ordered. When our food did come out they initially gave it to the wrong people at the bar. The couple said it wasn't their food and then the bartender didn't know where the food was supposed to go. I saw her looking confused holding our food so I told her it was ours. This location just opened not long ago so I know they are still working out all the kinks so I'm not to hold it against them. I really hope that's the case and they didn't just hire airheads. Haha. I would come back to eat there or have a drink again. For a low key time I would go to this location, for a more night out to watch a game with friends the strip location may be more fun!
3	Friendly service, decent food.The fish tacos were very good, but the beer mug was so frozen the it actually froze the foam... I guess that's better then warm beer.
1	This entire company exists as a cautionary reminder that man (or woman) cannot live by T&A alone.I'd offer you something witty and insightful about the food and drink if I was ever served. Instead, after 20 minutes of being actively ignored by a parade of sorority stereotype nightmares masquerading as professional bartenders, I abandoned the mostly empty breastaurant in frustration.But perhaps Twin Peaks is not to blame--after all, I'm the fool who chose to stop by.
3	People. If you rate this place poorly because the girls weren't hired for their brains you don't belong here. It's called Twin Peaks, what on earth do you expect? They are hired for their willingness to wear the little tiny uniform and for their ability to deal with men ogling them and make inappropriate, awkward comments.Girls are nice and most are pretty. They have tons of tvs, very cold beer, and the food is decent. End of story.
4	It was alright servers were nice it was a little pricy I just went to watch a game and got a desert and 3 beers bam 40 dollars later lol whatevs good environment for sports
5	Great atmosphere, great food, COLD beer! Great combination. Glad to see that there is finally a restaurant at this location that will last. Would recommend .
4	First time ever there. Girls were really friendly and nice. I had yummy tomato soup and a steak Salad. The salad was fresh and tasty and the meat was cooked well. I think that there should have maybe been a bit more steak in the salad. The beer was ice cold and fantastic.. a great place to hang out. I would go again.
1	I have been in search of 3 things in this town. 1. Good Service 2. Better tasting food then my friends or I can cook at home. 3. And a final bill that is in line with the entire experience.Well after my visit to Twin Peaks on Eastern I can easily say I'm still searching! Let me first say that this review is a little late because I just haven't found the time to sit down and really let this place have a full JT review. I would say we visited this," Health Department Disaster Waiting to Happen" place in early March 2014. If I remember right it was a Sunday. We arrived at what looked like a packed parking lot but for whatever reason none of the cars belonged to the people in Twin Peaks itself. In fact the place was kind of empty, save for the 6 or 7 tables filled with Sun Cities finest. At the door we were greeted by a great looking girl who had a nice smile. She quickly asked us where we would prefer to sit and guided us to the outdoor area. Being that it was March we were taking a gamble that the weather would be acceptable to sit in. But after seeing a few other groups outside we figured we would be OK. The ServiceAfter sitting down we began to take the place in as it was our first time at the nationwide chain. The bar was centrally located and looked like it was getting ready for the lunch rush. The girls were making their rounds to the folks at the tables in teams. And in general the place looked clean and nice. We sat around for a good 7 to 8 minutes before one of the teams of girls asked if we had been helped. We said no and she asked if she could get our drink order. I ordered a Miler Lite in the "Man size". Another 8 to 9 minutes later we watched as multiple girls walked by my beer on the end of the bar without grabbing it and bringing it over. A full 20 minutes later our waitress Candice made her way to us. She was visibly out of sorts over something and told us it was "kitchen drama" . I asked if she could find out where my beer was and then we would order. She made a face like the beer order was news to her and she quickly went looking for it. Once she came back we ordered. I ordered the chicken fingers and my girlfriend ordered the chicken sandwich. Now that our order was in we returned to looking at the chaos that was happening in the restaurant. We observed the girls talking in groups for minutes while customers raised their hands to get their attention. It was comical to observe how the girls would walk by a table and completely ignore the people who were trying to get their attention. We noticed that the table next to us finally receiving their food only to have just about half the order taken back. We later learned that all the food was either cooked wrong or completely not what they ordered. We laughed together as we made fun of this awful place. I could have sworn that we were on a hidden camera show where the experiment was to see how we would react to super slow / terrible service. The manager, if you could call him that, was completely glamored by the cute girls. He was walking around in a daze. It was clear the girls run this place from start to finish. However, it was all fun and games until our food arrived and things got real.The FoodA good hour into our experience the food arrived. I looked over to the table that was still waiting for its order and said, "I hope this was worth the wait" they laughed and we started eating. My chicken fingers looked horrible. They were white and looked to be uncooked. I dipped the first one in the sauce and took a bite. Just then my girlfriend asked me,"What's this?" as she pointed to the thumb of a rubber glove! I spit out what food was in my month and said, "Don't eat that!" At this time our neighbors, at the table where the food was all wrong, started to flag over the incompetent manager. We motioned over to them that after they were done we wanted to talk with him. They decided that our problem was more important so they let us have him first. He and our out of touch waitress came over to our table. Both of them just looked in disbelief that such a thing could happen. I quickly figured out that these 2 low intelligent people would never be able to correct what had just happened and that it would be a complete waste of my time to complain to someone who was obviously powerless. Therefore, I looked the dimwit in the face and said we were done, and that we were leaving and never coming back. He just stood there and drooled on himself. Candice had a similar look on her face and confessed that she couldn't work there anymore as she gave my girlfriend an awkward hug. The BillWell needless the say... this one was on the house!After sharing our experience with just about everyone with ears we knew, it became clear that this chain was known for bad food, and bad service. Our friends in Phoenix and Orlando said this place was awful!!I can only hope this review stops enough people from going here and they are forced to close.!!
4	Plenty of tv's to watch whatever game might be on. Place seems to do great business. Has a nice covered outdoor seating area as well along with tv's to watch. Ice cold beer and great burgers!
2	When my friend and I were walking in, he noted that he didn't fully understand why there would be a restaurant named "Twin Peaks". By the time we were seated, it became immediately clear that the title had nothing to do with actual mountains or the great outdoors. The service was friendly and pleasant, though the server did ask me "What does hoppy mean?" when I asked her what the hoppiest beer on tap was. The food isn't great, and the beer taps are average. The BBQ Pulled Pork Nachos were something fiercely awful - Guy Fieri is probably kicking himself that he doesn't have it featured in his restaurants. To their credit, there are tons of televisions around to watch whatever sports are on (yippee).Ultimately, the selling points for this place are the massive amounts of televisions and the scenery that only a heterosexual male with no greater sense of appetite can enjoy. The service seemed friendly enough, but the food was bleh.
5	Grate food cold beer and Hot women
3	I expected Twin Peaks to be like a Lumberjack type of Hooters, and quite honestly it is in some ways.  The decor is very cabin like, but much higher ceilings and animal heads all over.The food was OK for the price, nothing which makes me want to run back, but wasn't a complete rip-off like I feel Hooters is.  Service was friendly and our waitress refilled my drink several times without me having to ask.They have a "first come, first serve" event line-up for fights with reasonable cover, however the hostess said it gets really crowded and you aren't guaranteed a seat.  I can't imagine- the bathroom was pretty small, it must get pretty gross when it's busy.
1	Aren't we lucky to have one of these restaurants near us.. NOT!!!As everyone else wrote, this is like a woodsy, hunting cabin style of Hooters., T & A with half assed beer. My wife I and ordered the BLT with the Tomato soup and French fries. The BLT was completely tasteless and salty, as well as everything else (except the beer)...To sum up; BJ is right next door and blows them away.. We will NOT be back!!!
3	I give my server Sara 5 stars. Not only was she gorgeous but she was friendly and helpful as this was my first time.I give the food 2 stars.  I had the chicken fried steak with potatoes and veggies.  The steak was huge, bigger than the plate but unfortunately was barely adequate. I have had better at less expensive diners.  I could only finish about 1/4 of it and took the rest home.  I would prefer smaller portions and better quality. The potatoes were buried under the steak and were on the dry side but with decent flavor.The beer, served girly size or man size, was just ok.I do like the TV's at the booths and for a place that is designed to attract customers for the waitresses rather than the food, my expectations were low to begin with.  I watched other customers do shots off a board that looked like fun.If you want to come here for the girls, or if you have a big group or to watch sports, this is a good location to try.  Just don't come here expecting a culinary masterpiece.
2	Went to watch the Hockey game at 6:15pm. At 8pm we were forced to pay 5$ each to carry on watching as there was a Bikini contest going on. I pointed out to our bar server that we weren't there for the Bikinis, but for the Hockey....still had to pay the money!!!We paid, as we wanted to carry on watching the game. For nearly 80 minutes the Bikini contest went on, the mic feeding back so badly it started to hurt my ears. An attraction like that should be kept to 60 minutes. Drunk people attention span isn't that long !!! I work in sound and I offered a solution to both the bartender (not interested!!) and I even grabbed the manager. He told me that he had already mentioned it to the DJ. It would have been a simple solution of reducing the mic level, or the treble. Nothing was done and it carried on squealing back continuously. Seriously, If your DJ can't deal with simple mic issues like that, he should give up and find another career. Between the 2 of us we spent over 100$, we would have been happy to go back for the remainder of the playoffs, but will now go to Buffalo Wild Wings instead. Food was Ok, drinks kept flowing. The place was busy, but if they want to keep it that way, sort out tech issues. I'm writing this 2 hours after leaving and my ears are still hurting!!!
1	If I could give them zero, I would!  Waked in and was face to face with two girls at the Hostess stand having a personal conversation that was clearly more important than two hungry customers with cash to spend on food and lots of beer.Finally got sat...one, two, three times the waitress passed by without so much as an acknowledgement.  So we pulled aside one of the many girls not doing anything and asked if she could help.  She couldn't.  But, she got us a different girl who also said she couldn't help, but, would "find our waitress."17 minutes passed without even a drink order taken.  We even stared right at the manager with desperate, hungry, thirsty faces to no avail.  18 minutes in we left and went to Pin Kow where we are always welcome!I wonder if our waitress even ever came?  LOL.
3	It's like Hooters with updated decor.The inside is actually HUGE, with a really big patio, too. When we went (Thursday evening), there were a good amount of customers, but, because of the size, the place feels empty.Service was prompt, if not overly-friendly. Beer selection is decent and they're very cold (as advertised).I had the steak salad, which was actually quite good, although I might ask for light dressing next time. My husband had the chicken fried steak and it was ENORMOUS. Seriously, like 4 chicken fried steaks all put together. It lays on top of the potatoes and veggies and totally covers them and the whole plate. And hangs off the sides of the plate. Whoa. I had a bite and the meat was good, just a little bland on the gravy side.Overall, there's nothing to complain about, I just don't think it's special enough to earn one of our few nights out.
4	Prices are decent, portions are good sized, food is better than average,  beer is Cold, personnel could use some more common sense.
2	Dave. Henderson.  I love the place but. I am never ordering a burger there again. The burger was a defrosted thin mcdonalds Big Mac style single patty. With less taste. Where's the beef. I ordered a venison chili burger but there was so little chili I had to call the waitress to show it to me. She lifted the bun with her hand touched the patty and said it was between the cheese and the patty. I still couldn't find it. She took it back and brought the same one back. And said that's the way they make it. The manager brought a dinky little bowl of chili but no spoon.  Service was not good. Too bad
1	We went there tonight so on a Tuesday night.  We were seated promptly by one of the hostesses that greeted us.  The place is pretty noisy and hard to have a conversation even in a booth with the person across the table.  The server Kat came to our table very quickly and took our drink order.  I ordered a Cazadores Margarita on the rock with salt rim...which came extremely shaken to the point that it was foamy.  Kinda odd.We ordered the Pork sliders with side of tomato soup, the Smokehouse Burger and Fries.  The place wasn't very busy but the food took at least 20-30 minutes.  When the order finally came to the table...the pork in the sliders looked like they scraped the last of the pulled pork that was overdone from cooking all day.  The fries were old and cold.  As the server asked us if there was anything else we needed...we told her about the fries which she took away promptly.  Half way through the burger the manager came to our table and asked how everything was.  We told him about the fries and how long it has been and he quickly went to the kitchen and came back immediately with fresh fries. I didn't finish my 3rd of 3 sliders, tomato soup was very mediocre, and my wife didn't eat the other half of the burger because it was so greesy and the bun was now wet.  Other than the nice and very beautiful servers...this place is horrible.  Bad Food and Poor Drinks.  Why spend $$ on a bad experience.  We will not return.
1	Our beer was cold and so was the food the wait was way to long and the  service was slow not a place to take the kids the wait for there food was so long they fell a sleep
2	25 minutes to get a shot,22 minutes for my cocktail..70 minutes for a chicken sandwich and pot roast..... The wait was just silly for anything I asked for, it was busy but still plenty of open tables.Fried pickles good but wayyy too salty, Chipotle chicken decent. Fries were obscenely salty and barely edible. Chix quesadilla good but small portion. Margarita was pricey.
3	First let me say that the women there are beautiful !!! Our waitress was very friendly and welcomed us promptly , she went over the menu and told us her favorites and took a drink order and left us to decide on what we were going to eat , we started off with the appetizer sampler , which was actually quite good and large !! Buffalo tenders , fried pickles and fried Mozzarella nuggets which were the star !! Crispy on outside and firm with just the right amount of gooey!! ( the whole plate could be a meal ) next came the hangover burger , a little on the small side for a "mans restaurant " but tasty  and cooked med well ( no temp was offered) the fries were covered in some kinda of salt but were cold ( no biggie cuz the appetizer had enough fried food to last me awhile ) my friend had the meatloaf which he said was very bland and he didn't finish ( which is an odd thing, lol) no dessert cuz I was full but all in all , if beautiful girls and average food is your thing , this might just be the place for you !! Will I be back ??? Idk nothing stood out that I would crave or want to waste another trip here! So probably not ! It's not bad ,just not my taste !!
4	Some might be intimidated, but I'm totally ok with going there! Smokefree bar (no gaming machines), a bunch of tvs to watch sporting events, good service and tasty reasonable food.
5	Such a great atmosphere ! There's a server named Brianda she's the sweetest ever !!! Def ask for her !
1	Management should be ashamed  HORRIBLY understaffed for the USA World Cup.  Empty beer mugs and 15 minutes before we could get another.
3	ICE COLD beer!! Im not a fan of the food i have ordered so far but the beer is super cold and yummy!!
3	Finally, after realizing that for a such a great location the restaurant shouldn't be 1/2 empty most of the time, Twin Peaks finally gave in and gave us  a HAPPY HOUR. 1/2 off apps and drink specials! What an amazing concept. Better late than never I say. Now all they need to do is get a better menu, cause the food is kinda boring, and perhaps they can turn a profit for 2014. Went in this evening and was informed about the happy hour, ordered a 1/2 price app that I normally wouldn't of and had my usual chick ranch sandwich with bacon. Food was ok, but not anything to run back there for. Waitress Candice was super sweet and gave great service. I asked my waitress if a lot of the original girls has left cause I hardly see any of the opening staff there?  And of course my guess was right, they had quit. (not making enough money)Too bad, a lot of the girls they originally hired were pretty good looking. The quality]of girls left there now aren't too hot. So if I went there again, I guess it would be for the Food??? LOL  Go run next Door to BJ's and pick a few things off of their menu, their food is actually very good. Advice to Mgt and Owners of Twin Peaks, get a better menu, get the pretty girls back and let the locals know about the Happy Hour and you will do better. I would come here more often, but bored with the menu. One more thing, it is VERY cheesy and desperate of you to charge your customers for events like the Bikini contest. ( I got an email from them asking me if I would like to pay for it and watch it online???) Sad. They should be FREE as you will make money off the customers there that will buy more food and alcohol. Stop nickel and diming your customers and don't charge customers extra for an extra side of ranch dressing or marinara for the mozzarella bites! This is customer service 101.
3	Great concept ..... good food (it may not be the food you ordered but it will be good).We eat here often as it is within walking distance of our house. The last three times we have eaten here the orders have been a comedy of errors. Example : the last visit: one order was for fish tacos, we got steak tacos, also ordered the sourdough BLT dry with no mayo and ask for mustard or requested it on the side, either way....never got it.... one other issue: ordered the combo appetizer platter... we received it after we were 2/3 of the way finished with our entree. They are always very apologetic (they seem to have too much practice in this area) and seem to try hard but this is the third time in a row they have messed the order up ....... seems to be a pattern. I'm sure they will correct it but it becomes a bit of an irritation .
4	It's a "breastaurant" with a log cabin theme!The inside is big, plenty of bar and table seating. There is also a really big patio space for seating. I have been here a few times after work for drinks and snacks.  Each time I have been there is always a good crowd of people.  There are LOTS of tv's, and they are very good about having all sports and events on.  Each time I have been here, the service has always been great! The girls are always friendly!The beer is very very very cold! Which is awesome! I am a huge fan of the naughty brunette!I love the hand twisted pretzel and the dipping sauce is super good! The buffalo wings are also great! Fun place to relax, watch sports, enjoy some food, and have a beer!
5	Cold beer on a on a hot day?  I can dig it.  Located on Eastern right next to BJ's (thank goodness this spot has finally found an establishment that'll probably stick around; so many restaurants have come and gone through this place!), Twin Peaks is everything you can expect from a bar (hence why I'm giving it 5 stars, I don't expect too much from places like these lol)--boobies, beer, bar food, and TVs.  What more can you ask for?I've only tried their appetizers, which are half off during happy hour, and they're actually pretty tasty.  The quesadilla and hot wings are great!  Other than that, there's really nothing spectacular about the food.  My favorite thing about this place has got to be all about the beer--it's worthy of 5 stars in my opinion--especially when you've been walking around outside in triple digit weather.  The beer is served so cold, that snow flurries ice over at the top of the mug. Service is cool.  The place hasn't been open too long so service is kinda so-so.  The chick that served us one day thought it was happy hour, so we ordered a bunch of appetizers, thinking it was half-off, but at the end of the meal, she comes back, apologizes, and said she forgot that it wasn't actually happy hour, and we were forced to pay full price. Boo. Whatever.  They're all chicks (which may be a good or bad thing lol), dressed in super short shorts and tiny tops that expose a whole lotta skin and cleavage (think Hooters or the Tilted Kilt).  The ambiance is set to look like a log cabin, with deer and bear heads on the walls.  My only qualm about the place is that the beer selection is not as big as I would have liked it to be, but hey, I'll take a "Man size" of their "Naughty Brunette" any day.
3	As a glistening lesbian woman who loves beer and enjoys watching sports in pubs, I would rate this place a solid 3.  They have the real "cold beer" on tap and amazing tv's everywhere to watch games....even in the booths.  I know this is a chain and it's all about the "twin peaks", but these girls they have working, lack customer service skills.  I would enjoy if they hired real ladies that have more personality....and some dudes in booty shorts, too.  Equal rights. :-) As for the food, I can't say...but I would assume it's typical bar food.
4	Came in for lunch on Friday around 12:15. Seated right away.  Friendly faces. A little louder than I expected but tolerable. We sat in booth near back of restaurant.  Table had its own TV, which was pretty cool. Started with chips and queso for appetizer.  Cheese seemed a little runny or watered down, but had great flavor. Chips were salty just the way I like em. Had chicken ranch sandwich which had good flavor too. Chicken was a little flat. The bun was way too much. Had to lose the bread and just eat the chicken filet. Better than the burger imo.
3	Clean
4	This was my first time really hearing about  Twin Peaks! It is definitely a men cave with tons of tvs for sports and staff confidently showing their peaks and valleys. However it is not too overly done so women are quite comfortable as well. There isn't a huge food selection but what they do offer and present are far beyond the cost. I ordered the Fish Tacos while my fellow foodies has chicken & shrimp and a chicken dish. Everything was prepared and presented well. O was pleasantly surprised with the quality as the prices were very affordable. All in all... We will be visiting again. Especially for happy hour!
4	Pulled pork sliders. Great....  . And the hard cherry cider a hit with me. R girl Melissa was the best. Thank u.
1	waited 45 minutes for nachos we never got. asked to close out and the manager informed us someone else probably ate them. he offered to get us something else but my time is more valuable. sucks because their food is actually pretty good but the complete lack of any experience and common sense is evident in the staff.
4	I was suitably impressed.  Service was solid (my personal feeling is that the server "uniforms" are a bit too skimpy for decency, but that's a plus for some).  My server's recommendation was the Philly Cheesesteak "Texas" style - queso cheese sauce and jalapenos - and it was hella good.  (It also burned all the way through my digestive tract well into the next day - my colon felt lightly braised afterward).  Fries were basically salt magnets - they were well cooked but dusted way too heavily with whatever fry salt mix they used.  Beer really is served at 29 degrees (they have a monitor over the bar dedicated to telling you the exact temperature of the kegs at any given moment.)  I really enjoyed the hand-twisted pretzel as an appetizer - it was better than Hofbrauhaus's version.  I'll be back.
5	Fun sports bar with great happy hour prices.  We really enjoyed the whole experience. We will be going back!
2	Pros: small plasma TV ' s in every booth, great drinks.Cons: food is not good, service was not great from the host to the server (our server was not as personable as I hoped and she sort of checked in on us..it was like a walk by ask "how is everything" and she didn't stay long enough to get an answer).Now I was caught off guard upon walk-in at the ladies work attire..it's quite raunchy and that look doesn't work for everyone (ladies: if you mind your guy looking at other females half naked this is not the place to be). I wasn't at all impressed with the food. I suppose if you get drunk enough the quality and taste of food doesn't matter. I would only return for the drinks tho.
4	First time and definitely coming back. Chips and salsa, buffalo wings, and fried pickles for starters delicious. $116.00 for 8 people not bad although we skipped the dessert. Next time we'll save room for dessert.
4	Nice prices for happy hour. Had a great time
2	The wings suck don't bother ordering them...I have a felling the whole menu is rough. The beer comes on icy cold mugs which is awesome. If they would improve the quality of the food it would be perfect.
5	Dropped in to see what the breakfast was like here. Turns out they only have breakfast tacos and potatoes. They were very tasty and the salsa that came with them was excellent! They make the salsa in house. I will be back to try the dinner menu.
3	I met a friend here today for lunch, he comes here often and really likes the food, it was my first visit.  We both ordered the philly steak Texas Style because he said it was awesome.  The food was ok, however he & I were very disappointed at the portion served.  He has had this before, it comes on a big roll and most places will give you at least half the roll filled with meat and fixings, both of ours were much less and mostly bread.  It's like they made a sandwich for one on the portion side and made two sandwiches out of it.I am sure I will give it one more try, but other then the atmosphere, decor and tv's, this is not a place I would rush back to for food.  Hopefully next time the portion will be better like a real cheese steak and not just bread.  Nobody likes that....
4	My review is based mostly on customer service and atmosphere.  It was bikini week when we went there.  I forgot our waitress name but she was Asian, petite, super sweet and we had our kids were with us so we were quite demanding of her.  She was definitely on top of things and we left her. 22% tip becuz of that.  We loved all the TVs everywhere and will come back but will try a different food item.  The app platter was yummy but our burgers were so so.
4	I love twin peaks! Mainly because of the freeeeeeezing beer that I crave like crazy! The girls are always nice to us and the service is fast. I think only one time the girl took forever to come to our table. But they just opened so ya know.... Try the freezing beer :)
4	"Pay per view". The service is really friendly and welcoming, i went with my husband and a friend and we all agree you pay for the view ( that is their concept), The food is just bar food a little too expensive. We did loved the beer, it is cold and they have good selection.If you just want to go to get a really cold beer and have a good time with friends you will be fine, just don't expect the best food for the prices in their menu.Last thing, this place will be awesome for football season! their screens are awesome!! So saying that i will give 4 stars because of the screens, beers and friendly staff, but only 2 stars for the food!! so yay i am a fan when i go to get some beers and football!
1	If you are an NFL fan avoid this place at all costs during the games. They are not NFL friendly even though they masquerade as a "sports bar". During the Thursday night NFL game (49ers/Texans) the only NFL game on. They (Manager Randy) kept promising to turn up the sound but finally refused during the 3rd qtr. I am a regular and have spent many a dollar in this place. The food is subpar bar food. The real highlight is the friendly TP girls, other than that, save your money NFL fans, tp is not loyal.
3	We waited quite a while to be seated, although it was a busier night. The service was great, our waitress was very friendly. Food was just alright, and the beer was decent and cold, but overpriced. Overall, I'm glad I went once to try it, but I doubt I'd go back.
2	The only thing that I would suggest here is getting their ice cold beer. One of the girls suggested a flavored beer which was pretty good. It was like a tea mix or something. Other than that, the food was nothing to die for. The sliders buns were pretty hard and we didn't even eat them. The one decent thing was the buffalo wings. From what I recall they don't call it buffalo, but it was pretty much buffalo sauce. The girl was nice but wait times were heavy. It's nice inside but just another normal place. Not too crazy about it, probably wouldn't go unless it was somewhere someone really wanted to go.These girls gotta learn how to smile and look friendly, not snotty and stuck up. Just sayin!
4	Stopped in for a quick bite on the way home.  Hostess had a big smile and sincere greeting as I walked in. I grabbed a seat at the bar which has a huge array of TVs several different sports on from football pro and collage, MLB, USA basketball, and sport center. The bar wasn't very busy so I got quick service. As far as food, I ordered the Hang over burger and a Laugnitas. The beer was in a nice cold glass and tasted great. The burger was a fine bar burger and I really enjoyed the liberally seasoned fries, just makes the beer taste better. As far a decor it is lit very well, kinda hunting lodgeish, and as far as the "scenery" very pretty girls but not so much your woman would be offended to come in. I've seen racier outfits on casino cocktail servers.  Overall reviewGood prices, product, service, and location
2	We stopped by on our way home and the food is just bar food, and their kids menu food was TERRIBLE! I don't really care for beer so this place just wasn't for me...
4	The menu is limited but everything on it is good! The girls are very nice and friendly (this coming from a female) and the beer is cold, cold, cold!
1	I got my beer fast but I was more hungry than thirsty. Sat around for 30 min and and not one girl came by to take my food order.
1	I can't give a zero..eventhough it would be plenty.  Being in the customer service industry for over 30 years, it is what I believe would ALWAYS win repeat customers and great reviews. This place clearly has none. It is with the hopes of dressing their servers in merely "hooker attire"  to lure old men to be the basis of their repeat clientele. Good luck with that.  Upon arricing 40 min early for the Thursday first NFL game, the girlie greeting us with considerable empty tables scattered throufhout the restaurant, told us they were all reserved. Really?? They dont even reserve tables. The next thing I asked was if I could put my name on the "list" to be seated on next available. The girlie told me that she wouldn't know when if ever I could be seated before the game was over....REALLY?? If you don't want my money that badly...trust me, you will NEVER GET ONE PENNY! Hope the old men keep you sustained...I predict a fall in months to come.
2	I've tried twin peaks multiple times now. I am not highly impressed with their food quality, can get better food at a PT's Pub than here.  I like that the beer is cold, their house brews are decent.  Only reason to go back is to get an extremely cold beer.
3	I was rather disappointed. The cute little waitresses were not interested in serving a lone woman.  My food was not served according to my request.  They were poor at stopping to check even though they placed near the kitchen where they walked past frequently.  Guess I was masculine enough.
3	This was my first time here. Waitress was timely and explained the food and beer menu. Beer was cold as advertised; the food was OK and filling.  The waitress was nice and friendly. This is a great place if you want to catch a game.
3	Stopped in to check this place out. Had the hangover burger (the one with the egg on it) and an IPA. Place has a hunting lodge feel about it but very well lit .  Good Location, Ice cold mugs and beer, great TVs at the bar, quick service and clean. I have had better bar burgers but the seasoned fries where really good.  Bartenders seemed like they didn't want to be there, maybe just because it was slow. Overall fair service, cold beer, very nice amount of TVs at bar, and most of all very clean.
3	The beer and TV's are a huge plus. Beer is ice cold with a nice selection. Tons of TV's so no matter where you sit you will get a great view of any game in question. Food is very average and a little over-priced. I have had the burger, quesadilla and chicken sandwich in different visits. Service has always been solid. If you go in with the proper expectations you won't be disappointed... beer and TV's for any sporting event!
1	Was just told that we will not have any college football on the TVs on a Saturday evening in the middle of college football season and that anyone sitting here past 7 o'clock is going to be charged $10 to see the UFC fights no thank you next place!?!
4	For drinks and snacks... This place is pretty good!  We came here a few times, and I didn't want to like the place, but they do a good job.  It's definitely bar food, but if your looking for an American kind of bar experience, you should do it.  Nina is awesome! She went out of her way to find the shot we mentioned and she made us feel like VIP! Also a shot out to Champoux!  :)
4	First time here, ice cold beer, great food, TVs everywhere, even in your own booth and beautiful servers everywhere.  Would have given a 5 star but our server was a little slow, I think she was relatively new, but was very friendly and tried her best in the mayhem of a Sunday football crowd.
4	My husband and I have been here several times already and like this place. We have always been greeted promptly at the door & seated quickly. We have had Kaitlin several times as our server and has always been on top of things. The food has been pretty good too! This last time we ordered and shared a house salad, the blackened chicken quesadilla and the venison chili burger. The favorites for me were the fresh & crisp house salad and the quesadilla. The venison burger was good but I wasn't a fan of the chili on top of it. In the past we've had the meaty wings, the Philly cheesesteak, Poblano Chicken as entrees. We've also had a large group here where we passed appetizers. The fried pickles, pork sliders & mozzarella sticks were all a big hit.  One of these times I'm going to get Mom's Pot Roast. The smell alone makes your mouth water. As far as beverages, you can go wrong with a frozen mug of beer. My personal favorite is the Knotty Brunette. A great amber beer which you can get lady or man size. Being this location has had the hardest time keeping occupants I'm glad to see something here that will stay for quite some time.
4	My wife and I went there Sunday evening for dinner.  T.V.'s everywhere to watch the Cowboys and Saints game.  Beer was ice cold as advertised.  The food was better than we expected.  Not just your typical bar food, better.  And better than the red bird place just up the street.  The Twin Cheese Burger was very good.  The Grilled Trout my wife ordered was also very good, and she can be quite picky.  We did order a sampler appetizer, everything on it was great.  The portions were large, we took half of everything home as leftovers.  The place was very clean, of course it is new, but still very clean.  Another plus for us was, though we saw a family leaving as we entered, the place was not over run with crying, screaming kids.  No interruptions because of stupid birthday songs either.  The staff was very friendly, attractive, courteous, and prompt.  All of the staff seemed to go out of their way to speak to us, and make us feel welcome.  Our waitress was about as perfect as one could expect.  Very accommodating and friendly without being a pest.  Sometimes at places like this, the female staff ignore my wife and cater to the men, not here.  They were very attentive to both of us. We will be back again, bringing friends.
1	First restaurant I have ever walked out of. We were greeted and seated in a timely manner, but that's were the service stopped. We waited patiently for about 15 mins, just starring at the menu... The place was half empty with more than enough staff to at least take our drink order. Will not be coming back. Walked across to BJ's, and had a a great meal!
3	This place was ok. Not anything to get excited about. Ok service and food. Its nice to have girls in skimpy outfits serving you food, but they should be better trained. That's managements fault. Once we finally got the attention of a server she did a good job. My Texas style Philly was pretty good, just kinda skimpy on the meat. The others in my party had a BLT and wings. Both said it was ok, but not great. Went there to watch the baseball wild card game, it was on a lot of tv's,  but the music in the whole place was so loud you couldn't hear the game.  Seemed like most people there were here for the game, but still no sound. Kind of a bummer.  3 stars tops, really 2 1/2.
4	I must say I had low expectations for this place from all the previous reviews. We went on Sunday to watch football and got there before 10am. Ordered a bloody Mary and that was good! Had chips and queso which was ok nothing special. Later ordered a the ranch chicken sandwich that was probably a 3/5 stars. Apparently the host station is in charge of the music so when there is a commercial on they turn on the music. Well let me just say that is a bad set up and you need to pay attention to the game or it's a total fail. The beers were extremely cold with a range of 26-30 degrees that made the beer (imo) taste so much better. Now Savanna from Hawaii was our server and for me she gets 5/5 stars. She was very attentive and super friendly. Savanna was the Best! Good place to watch football, clean and it's not smokey. The place got super crowded so go early if you want a table.
3	One nice thing about this place is the ice cold beer, but they need more selections on their draft beers. The food is alright and the servers/bartenders are great.They need to improve their food menu other than that is a okay place to have beer.
5	So I took my boys here and we sat at a table. Adrian was extremely helpful when we were there. She has an outgoing personality and amazing hospitality. She did everything she could in order for us to have a good time there. Food was good drinks were good but her hospitality and service was phenominal. Good hustle Adrian! Keep up the awesome work!
5	First visit here. Had the Fried Pickle appetizer and a Philly Cheesesteak. Food was excellent as was the service. Will be back!!!
5	Kendra was great! Such a personable bartender and a sweetheart. She was busy but she offered good recommendations. Will visit again. Xoxo your Giants fans!
4	Let's be real we really go here to see the ladies so don't be like this one dude who pretended to read the newspaper when we all know what your doing. This aint a coffee shop. Ok so we're really here for food and drinks but the ladies are an excellent complement to it all. I'm fan of their chicken wings, they're plump and juicy.  Actually they're a lot better than those on the Strip when it came to plumpiness and juiciness. When I order them I usually get the green chile parmesan. GET THEM!! Tasty, they're my favorite I don't even know why I ordered the tried the other flavors. But if you must know they have them BBQ flavored which I didn't like, some ghost pepper flavored which was alright a little sweet than hot, and a red hot flavored which was alright. It's a shame they can't make the chicken tenders in green chile parmesan. They have the Hangover burger which is your usually cheese burger with bacon, red onion, mayo, lettuce, tomato but with a fried egg. Fried egg on anything makes it instantly good especially a burger. It should be a crime to have a burger without a fried egg.They have a venison chili burger which I had to try just because it was venison and I don't usually see that. It was ok. The meat tasted the same as if I was eating a beef burger.I've heard about the meatloaf. Still haven't tried it but maybe I will next time. And their nachos look huge. I'm a fan of the woodsy cabin/ sportsbar environment with all of the stuffed animals and TV all over the place. When it's nice outside they open up their outside patio area which I'm sure everyone wants.The staff are always friendly and handles whatever the size of our party is, large or small. Very accommodating. Most of the customers I've seen here are guys but I've occasionally seen guys bring their family (wife and kids) here I'm sure they didn't mind it and sometimes other ladies there. It is a place to eat and drink after all. They restrooms signs crack me up. Family P, Stand 2-P, and Sit 2-P. What if a dude wanted to sit or if a female wanted to stand!? I'm pretty sure it would be awkward haha. Nice restrooms too though TV inside.Don't be shy take a pic with the ladies.
2	Service is consistently underwhelming.   The attractive AND competent servers probably work on the strip.  Food is usually good for bar fare.  Probably won't be back since there are so many other options in the area.
4	For ice cold beers and sports, This is the place to be! Great wings great service and great "view" Its a bit pricey for a local bar however (strip prices)I would give it a 4.5 if they gave me the option. Give it a shot, its worth it.
3	Pros: Big TVs! Very comfy chairs (no stools) at the bar. Nice Views :) (if you know what I mean lol)Ice cold beer (literally) it's quite tasty lolCons:It's a Sunday, its a local spot and they have NO DRINK SPECIALS for football. That was very disappointing.Service- a wise man once said Pretty girls don't have to have great personalities. I learned this yesterday. The bartenders were either hit or miss when it came to good service. Food- ordered the philly and it was veryVery salty so switched out for the burger and I just wasn't impressed with the food. :/Overall decent spot. I would have given 4 stars if service was better and food as well.
5	came to vegas for a vacation and heard that the steak and egg tacos were to die for here so decided to give it a try, i was greeted by the host evelyn, no offense but shouldnt you have someone friendly hosting?? she had a face like she didnt want to be there, and as soon as my friends and i walked in she gave us a dirty look, like really?? i wanted to walk out based on that alone!! but i really wanted to try the tacos, we were greeted right away as we sat down by ashley, she was really sweet, we ordered our tacos and some beers, the tacos were AMAZING!! ashley was right on top of our drinks, she was attentive, friendly and personable, we were there to watch the game and i loved the fact that she was getting into the game with us, made the experience more great! shes the only reason why i didnt give this place 2 stars.
3	Meh, is the best I can do for this place. I've been here a handful of times & each time I leave wanting.
2	The customer service here is great!! My husband loves coming here because of all the television screens he can watch his sports while we eat. The thing this last visit that stuck out for me was my daughter ordered a burger and her bottom bun was really soggy,when the waitress came back to ask how the food was she could tell something was wrong with my daughters look, she asked her what was wrong with her food we had to make her tell the waitress that her bun was soggy. The waitress very nicely asked her if she wanted a new burger or a new bun it was up to her it was no problem at all. My daughter is very shy so for her patience was nice. The food is just ok to me i had the philly and it was really greasy so i only ate half, my husband and daughters boyfriend got the chicken tenders and shrimp baskets, their food was fine. The food is not bad but nothing sticks out that i would recommend to someone to go undless they want a place to watch a game or see almost naked women.
3	I give Twin Peaks 5 stars for the visuals and 2 stars for food, overall that comes out to a strong 3 star rating. Let's be honest, if you're heading over to Twin Peaks you're not going for gourmet dining. You're probably going with a few buds, grabbing some beers, maybe a few apps, watching a game, and enjoying your surroundings. This place is perfect for just that.Honestly, I had no idea what Twin Peaks was beforehand (no, seriously, I had no clue) which is why I laughed really hard inside when I walked in with my wife and was greeted by some peaks. I like this place a lot more than Hooters, which I'm sure it's commonly compared to. The atmosphere is better, TV's great, service was pretty solid also. We had burgers for dinner, nothing flashy, and they were alright. Nothing to rave about. I'd definitely come back under the circumstances I opened with, but probably wouldn't run back to dine with my significant other, lol. I do appreciate the super-duper ice cold beer that they have. It's exactly how every beer should be served everywhere. A night out with the boys, a few beers after work, catching a football or basketball game, something along those lines would bring me back to Twin Peaks.
2	I went here a few days ago.  I tried the pot roast and it was surprisingly good.  The employees behind the bar were all polite and friendly.  I normally go to higher end restaurants so am used to good service.  The only thing that unnerved me was that both of our plates sat in front of us for 15 mins after we were done.  I even pushed our plates in towards the bartenders to show we were done.  The bartenders walked by our dirty plates at least 12 times and no one even thought to pre-bus.  What kind of bartender doesn't pre-bus after they have been done for over 10 mins.  I will not go back because of that.
3	Really I feel as though there's nothing really wrong with this place - it's just ok in every way. The waitresses that work there are all t&a, although most of them are nice. Last time I went, someone in my party asked for a sculpin and the server thought he said Heineken so he repeated himself and the server repeated Heineken .... And do that's what he got. A Heineken.  Steak salad is yummy and wine is standard.
1	Attn: NFL fans; Twin peaks mgmt is Terrible, terrible, terrible. Absolutely the worst customer service in Las Vegas. They don't want to change channels, turn up sound, or cater to the NFL fans spending money. I had written a bad review previously and was assured by the GM that was during preseason, "preseason doesn't matter". Well once again today, Week 11 when I decided to return they are back at it. The manager Jimmy wants to spend his time flirting with his staff by setting up a table for himself with all the female servers gathered around him. When I asked for the TV to be changed to the game I requested I was referred to "the map" which tells me where to sit so I can watch that game.  Really? Nobody in the place for a 10am game but this guy acts like they're packed. This might fly in a town without the powerhouse of sports bars Las Vegas has but it won't here. I didn't hold my tongue after quite a few expletives and closing my tab I left. Enjoy your 5 years Twin Peaks Henderson,  that's the most you have left. If you didn't have the girls you would already have the "For Lease" sign up.
2	Nothing spectacular.. wasn't impressed and the food was average. No plans on returning
2	My buddies and I come in for football. The manager wouldn't change one of the tvs to see our team . They dont know what they are doing .Food seems to have changed in quality . For the worse .The girls are all very nice but the 2 hottest ones  are not there anymore it seems . Got the wings ghost pepper they are bomb! Nachos didnt have enough meat . All and all its a good place for sports beers and girls best beer in town .
5	Where do I start? The service is great and the food is good. My friends and I are here every Sunday to watch football. If you want to have service with a smile with great looking servers. buddy's love it. You need to spend some time here. This is the place to be with the friends!!!
4	Nice place to hang out with the boys watch a game or bring a non jelous gf. Food is a bit over priced typical bar food nothing special.
4	4 stars for bar service.2 stars for food service.Great place to have a drink with many TV's (does not matter where you sit). Not my best choice for lunch during work, or even dinner. Food here takes a while to arrive!Friendly staff always making you feel welcomed!
1	Worst burger I have ever had. Great for pretty girls to look at and beer but not the food.
1	Tired to come here and try out the food but the hostess didnt know how long the wait was going to be.  Instead of checking to see if anyone was almost done or if anyone's tab was paid.  She just gave me a lazy uh it could be an hour or more,  cause their is a game on and its only half time.  WOW!!! I just walked out.... Cant believe the stupidness here.....
4	Nearly 5 stars, which is ridiculous for this type of restaurant, but they get it right! Twin Peaks is located two blocks from my job, so I'm there a couple of times a month for lunch. There aren't a ton of food options, but what they do have is really good. I've tried just about everything on the menu, and have no complaints. The service is amazing. You'll never wait for a drink refill, and just about everyone who walks by checks on you. If you're looking to catch a game, they have a ton of TVs. There are even booths with personal TVs. This place definitely doesn't have the Hooters vibe. Yes, the girls are nearly naked, but it just doesn't seem trashy. If you're in the area, I highly recommend stopping by.
4	I had the steak salad, but had blackened chicken instead with house dressing. It was a very good choice. I took half home for dinner and it held up well. Everyone else at the table had chicken fingers and they were quite delicious. The server was friendly. She was a little off with her abilities, but I guess it's all about the "twin peaks". I'll definitely return.
4	We stopped by to check out the happy hour specialsThey have a great draft selection on tap, and the beer was extremely cold.I ended ip getting the Mom's Pot Roast, fantastic!! We will be back
2	The only reason I gave 2 stars because the service was decent I wouldn't say it was good but just depends food was not very good I had the venison chili burger and my wife had the poblano chicken burger neither were very good and was charged eight dollars for a glass of supposed to be sweet red wine for my wife and it was not a sweet red wine and was a very cheap wine probably won't come back unless it's to look at them boobies
2	This was my first time at a twin peaks restaurant. When we visited there were maybe 5 other tables with people at them. The building was very clean and had a good atmosphere. We were seated and 5 min later the waitress came and have us a 4 min speal about the restaurant. She took our drink orders a beer and a water. It was over 20min until we had our drinks. The waitress then tried to leave without taking our food order. In total we saw our waitress 4 times in 1.5 hrs after our food came I asked the other waitress if the manger was working and if he could bring our check to us. I told him that we were pretty sure his waitress was high or something and the quality of the service received. He thanked us for letting us know and stated that she did seem off tonight. The manger then proceeded to confront the waitress while we were still there and on the floor with customers and other staff around VERRY CLASSY! The waitress apologized  and said that she thought she let us know what was going on.Overall the food and beer was very good however the service and management is that of the worst restaurants I have been to.
