5	I have nothing but great things to say about Oyo Yogurt!The staff was extremely nice and helpful in every way. I was fortunate enough to meet the owner, and she couldn't be any more awesome.  Now the good stuff, the yogurt.  I've tried almost all, but I keep coming back for the vanilla. It's thick, creamy, and super vanilla-eeeee! Oh yeah, they also have sugar free yogurt, with Stevia. How cool is that!The fruit toppings were super fresh, juicy and plump full of goodness! Yummmmmm!Pricing was cheaper than most other yogurt shops I visited, which is a bonus for sure. It's only 42 cents/ounce and they have it listed on the giant 42" screen, you can't miss it! With that said, I can fill up the cup nearly exploding, and it only comes out to about $5-6...you can't get that at most other yogurt shoppes around here or Scottsdale for that matter. Lastly, the place was spotless.  It's super modern, has clean decor and its right next to that cool fountain. Go try it out! :)
1	There hasn't been any place for after dinner ice cream or frozen yogurt in Fountain Hills so I was glad to see this open.  But this was the worst frozen yogurt I have ever had.  It didn't taste like there was a single natural thing in any of the six flavors that my daughter and I tasted between us.  Vanilla tasted artificial, other flavors were too sweet and didn't taste like what they were supposed to be.  The fruit sorbets were neon colored and tasted like candy, not real fruit.  The tart frozen yogurt was the best of the bunch, but not great.  Toppings looked fresh and good.  Lovely location right on the lake by the fountain, but I won't be back.
5	This place is absolutely gorgeous! Supposedly the owner is an interior designer and it really shows. They have really good flavors of yogurt and frozen ice and a pretty wide selection. When it comes to the toppings bar, it is clean and plentiful. It's nice to have this in Fountain Hills. It is conveniently located right by the Fountain.
5	Love this place! I absolutely love these types of frozen yogurt places and I am extremely impressed and happy that we have one in town. I never once was confused by anything and figured it all out as it was all clearly marked. I am a returning customer and will be back again and again!
5	Great destination for a family outing at the fountain! We brought the baby to the play area  located right next to Americas largest fountain....and then had a nice fat free yogurt. All and all a great outing. The yogurt was delcious but did seem a little pricey but I guess everything is getting more expensive in this economy and I would rather support businesses that are using quality imgredients like Stevia as a sweetener than crap like aspartame and splenda.
3	It's the only yogurt place in Fountain Hills, it's clean but the yogurts a little runny for my taste. Oyo usually only has high school-er's working when I go in and they don't greet you or really explain anything to you...all they really say is "put it on the scale" and the price. I'd be nice of them to remind you of the loyalty program or offer it to you and it would be super nice to be greeted with a friendly Hello! considering you are in a customer service atmosphere. Plus I was a little disappointed in my visit last night, I could over hear who I think was the owner and two employees complaining about a complicated customer. Which I find VERY unprofessional considering I work in customer service as well with many complicated customers. Maybe next time step in the back and talk about your customers, because Fountain Hills is a small town and who knows who knows who up here ;)  Plus your in Fountain Hills half of your clientele are going to be complicated! But it's a good place on a hot day: they might want to get more of a variety of toppings...
5	This place is great.  I'm glad to finally see a decent frozen yogurt shop in Fountain Hills.   The yogurt is awesome and the prices are reasonable.  We used to travel over the hill to Scottsdale to buy frozen yogurt at Yogurtology but Oyo is every bit as good and even slightly better in price.
5	The location is superb of this frozen yogurt place- the back opens to the Fountain Hills park and fountain- a great evening setting! Great flavors, toppings were good but nothing too unique in that regard
5	Wow! I am currently writing this review from inside Oyo Yogurt and it is delicious! I'm enjoying the WowCow Marshmallow with some fresh fruit topping! As a Type 1 Diabetic, it's so great to know there is a place I can go where I can get a tasty, healthy treat! This is my new favorite place to get yogurt in Arizona!
5	What do you get when you walk into OYO one minute before closing?  Smiles from the staff and great frozen yogurt! Cake batter yogurt on the patio with the Fountain going off in the background.  What a great way to celebrate the High School Band's final concert of the year. Thanks OYO!
5	Service is friendly, place was clean yogurt is delicious. Go for the peanut butter yogurt.
5	Love how clean and fresh Oyo is.Beautiful Location for sure!  My only complaint?   Their Peanut Butter cups are weak.  They are sort of generic mini cups.   My favorite Froyo place has real Reese's and they chop them up.  For these kind of prices, that is what I expect.....but overall, nice job Oyo!
5	This is my 3rd time here. Always clean. Lots of topping options. Delicious yogurt flavors. I bring out of town guests here when we come up to see the fountain. They always appreciate it. I recommended this option on a hit day especially
5	This place is super clean and awesomely yummy. The staff was very friendly and helpful. This was our first time here, but will definitely not not our last.
5	Oyo Frozen Yogurt is in a perfect location which makes it great after a hot day at the Fountain park.  They have an excellent assortment and quality of flavors to choose from and they also have a wide variety of toppings.  I will definitely be back again!
4	Cute, spacious yogurt shop right by Fountain park. There were many delicious flavors to choose from & topping choices too!  My favorite thing about the place was the patio. I loved the view in the patio area! It was a nice place to relax and enjoy our refreshing treats overlooking the fountain and the beautiful park!
5	Awesome yogurt and great customer service with views of the Fountain to top it off. We will be back soon for sure.
4	Always lots of flavors to choose from.And LOADS of toppings. (it's one of the self serve places, then they weigh it an you pay by weight)The staff is super friendly.  I love the great location, because it's walking distance from my house! The only downside to me is they only have 1 size dish. I have a tendency to put too much into my bowl...  :/ personal problem, I know, still it'd be nice to offer a smaller dish option.
5	Great yogurt !! Friendly helpful employes :) lots of seasonal flavors ,always changing. Kids love it . We will come back often!
