5	Keating Dental is one of the best Dental offices that I have ever been to.  The location is far, but in a very nice area.  The office is very clean, and all of the staff is very professional, friendly, and courteous.  Each room is very comfortable, with a view of the strip and a TV so you can never get bored.  It is a family business, and Dr. Keating is a very good Dentist, and is also a really nice guy.  He is very concerned about the well being of his patients, and always makes the patients feel comfortable.  I would highly suggest Keating Dental!
5	I have never, in my 30+ years, experienced a dental office as great as this one. From the first phone call to schedule my appointment to the cleaning, exam and beyond, I have been blown away by everyone I've had the pleasure of coming into contact with. Great staff, great doctors, everything is explained, no pressure to do unneeded procedures.  I literally cannot find one negative thing to write.
5	I have never, in my 30+ years, experienced a dental office as great as this one. From the first phone call to schedule my appointment to the cleaning, exam and beyond, I have been blown away by everyone I've had the pleasure of coming into contact with. Great staff, great doctors, everything is explained, no pressure to do unneeded procedures.  I literally cannot find one negative thing to write.
5	Just received a letter welcoming me to the practice and thanking me for choosing Keating Dental, I'm blown away!
5	TODAY IS THE FIRST TIME I CAN SMILE WITH CONFIDENCE IN A REALLY LONG TIME! I have been going to Keating Dental for only a short while (maybe a couple years) but I can truly say that Dr. Keating is excellent. I have a 20+ year history with my teeth and he's the first Dr. that reviewed my portfolio and made me feel confident and comfortable in his hands. He provided me with an overview and solutions for both the short term and long term. I went in yesterday to fix 3 fillings in 3 separate places in my mouth and it went great. Besides the fact that I walked out not being able to feel my face from the numbing, it was a pleasant experience. Dr. Keating is very conscious of your budget and your time which I truly appreciate. Today, I can smile with confidence! No more discoloration or chips. In Jan 2015 he proposed a plan that will allow me to crown all of my front teeth for a reasonable price so I'm looking forward to trying to make that work!  #pearlywhites PS. I will say the receptionists are like the "cackling hens" but just ignore them. I love Dr. Keating! (and Cindy with the benefits dept.  - she's amazing!)
