3	This cool little lounge is located in the Silverton Hotel and Casino. This isn't your typical stuffy and uptight Vegas lounge with a dress code. It's just a fun place to hang...*Just a little background on the Silverton: When I moved down to this part of town, the Silverton was the closest "locals" casino to put in a sports bet or get a quick drink. Needless to say, 6 years ago, it was a Dump! Now, with the addition of Bass Pro and millions of dollars in renovation, the Silverton is one of my favorite local casinos.The Shady Grove Lounge is a cool little spot right inside the main casino. It is a bit small, but it is very comfortable and has a great pool table. They also have one whole wall that is "tastefully" plastered with HDTVs, and they have a mini bowling alley in an old Streamline Trailer. Very comfortable seating and not too loud. The food is good... nothing to rave about but nothing to complain about either. My wife and I went there the other night with our good friends and had a fun time havin some drinks, watchin some college ball, and talking politics!Like the first reviewer said, the Hootie stuff is a bit much but I really like the laid back decor. Hope you enjoy...Cheers!
5	This is one of my favorite places and is a pretty well kept secret. In general the Silverton is off the beaten path and seems to attract some of Las Vegas' more senior crowd, but they have carved out a small corner that does cater to some of the younger folks. The bar's happy hour runs, I think, from 3-7 and used to feature $1 drafts and several affordable appetizers. They also now have 24-hr $1 MGD and 64. Here's what I really like: 1. They've got a real Airstream travel trailer in there with two mini bowling alleys in it similar to those at the Road Runner bars. 2. The Polish waitress is very attentive, quick, polite, and patient. Funny how this should stand out but some other places just don't have great service. 3. A few years ago while in the Shady Grove Lounge I had a guy walk up to me and give me two free tickets to see Eddie Money and another time I had a woman give me two free drink wrist bands for any bar in the casino. Wow, thanks, I love free stuff! 4. Ha more free stuff. Periodically local radio stations will hold promotional events here and those frequently offer something up for free. 5. It's never really that crowded here. People aren't bumping into you, spilling drinks and that sort of thing. If you've never been at least go to throw a few frames!
4	This is a another nice spot in the Silverton. It was last stop on the Thursday Pub Crawl..and I was almost crawling.LOLIt was packed with people out enjoying themselves some great $1 drinks. The bartenders are on the ball this night and flowing nice from customer to customer. We ordered drinks we didnt need and settled in for some people watching..since its much more fun when your drunk. There were some really good looking people out that night, normally Silverton attracts an older crowd but this night was filled with the young & broke. I love that they have a pool table & the tiny bowling is super fun. Me likey Silverton! I think its my new favorite locals casino.
4	Shady Grove is a great spot snag a beer or two and watch some sports. The drinks are poured strong and the beer served cold. The bar keeps know how to keep their patrons happy; with friendly conversations and tasty mixed cocktails.I love the fact that the bowling alley and pool table are here, you can play a game that is more skilled than luck based. It's always a welcoming sight when you've lost a bit of money.
1	They advertised a great fantasy football draft party. $25 per person. All you can drink bud light and all you can eat food. I'm assuming wings and hot dogs and the like. Killer part is you have to call the catering department and they are horrible at returning phone calls and messages. Left numerous messages during the week, no reply. Finally called the hotel operator on Friday and told them I needed to actually speak with someone. Our draft was scheduled for Monday night on Labor Day. They put me in contact with who I'm assuming is a manager and she said she was headed out the door but would deliver my message to someone that would call me right back. They called me and left a message at 4:45pm and are gone after 5pm. Then I received another message on Monday and said they couldn't accommodate the party on such short notice. Well, who's fault is that. I had already booked it somewhere else. Horrible horrible service. Smh.
