5	These guys were honest and did tight work on my car.
5	I was referred here by a coworker and I know several others who use them as well, all happy customers. It's a great relief to find a mechanic you can trust and don't have to worry about being taken advantage of. My Xterra needed a new timing belt and AZ Automasters quoted me almost $300 less than 2 other auto shops. Because the water pump is so close to the timing belt, the other shops told me the pump HAD to be replaced at the same time and added that to their quotes.  George at AZ Automasters explained to me that my water pump was a little worn but nothing concerning for a 10 yr old car, but that because it would be minimal labor to change it out while they were doing the timing belt, it would possibly save me future labor costs down the line.  I did not feel as if George was trying to sell me something I didn't need, he was very patient and gave me several options and understood I needed to budget for repairs that need attention right away. I was able to have the timing belt & water pump changed along with a front brake job done  for $200 less than what other shops quoted me for just the timing belt work.  Highly recommend these guys!
2	Unfortunately, this auto shop misdiagnosed an issue of front-end vibration at crusing speeds. After checking the car, they gave me about a half-dozen possibliities but could not promise any of the repair items would solve the problem. By contrast, another repair shop pin-pointed the cause, and performed the needed repairs to satisfaction.However, I will have to give this auto shop credit for having a very comfortable waiting area with leather sofas, lcd tv, wi fi, and gormet coffees.
5	This place is awesome.  I brought my 2007 Jeep Cherokee because my brakes were making a squeezing noise.  The owner said that I just need back brakes and my front brakes had another 15k miles on them.  I will not go to another place.  If I had brought my car to another shop, they would have told me to change the front brakes too.
5	We have taken our cars to AZ Automasters in the past and had great results.  This week we took our Kia to an automotive chain for an oil change and they told us we needed $600 of work including new rear brakes and fixing a leak in an A/C hose.  Wanting a second opinion before spending that much money, we took the car to AZ Automasters and asked them to give the car a thorough inspection as we were going to be taking it on a road trip.  We were amazed to hear that the car was in great shape, did not need ANY work and that the brakes have another 15-20,000 miles on them.  There was NO CHARGE!  We are impressed!  Thank you!
4	I got stranded one day and my car refused to turn on. The engine kept dying on me as soon as took my foot off the pedal. I drove it to a auto shop and got the engine code for it, which pointed to a Mass air flow sensor failure. Sears was very willing to change that part for me at about half a grand. Unfortunately for them the fix didn't really work. After being stranded again, I decided to do some reading before I took it to any other auto shop. I found AZ Automasters was highly recommended by other people and decided to take my car there. And true enough, they got the job done right while being very upfront with everything. It turned out that the air flow sensor wasnt busted, it was the idle air control that needed to be replaced. They took a few hours, but at the end they were confident that was what was wrong with the car. They had the car fixed up as soon as the part arrived the following day.Unlike some of the big branded car shops, these guys didnt have any of the "we will charge x dollars and then figure out the problem and charge you x more to fix it." attitude. They were very open to my questions about using remanufactured parts or online prices for similar parts. Above all I got the feeling that a proper car shop should give a customer.... That your car is being taken care of, and that they will tell you what they were doing with it. The experience was not a black box, where you hand in your car and get it back after a while, without knowing what happened in between. Their office is quite comfortable... They have a waiting room with leather sofas and wifi and a couple of computers to use. The people there were quite friendly, polite and professional. Overall, I definitely recommend AZ Automasters for anything from a simple oil change to a more detailed repair. I will surely give them my business for both my cars.
5	I have been going to this shop since they were located at the end of Beck Rd. behind the DMV office. I have worked in the auto repair business myself and am pretty knowledgeable about the workings of an automobile.  This shop HAS NEVER steered me wrong! They are VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE mechanics. Last month I had an accident with my 1996 Camry and was fearful that the repairs would be more than the blue book value of my car.  Within 2 hours after it was dropped off at their shop, Mark called me with the diagnosis and calmed my fears. They worked with the insurance company's adjuster, let my car remain there for almost 3 weeks without charging me any storage fees while they shopped for parts which in and of itself wasn't easy to do considering the vehicle's age. I was consulted by their mechanic assigned to my repair, Jim, at each step of the repair. The total cost of the repair wound up being over $400 LESS THAN the insurance company adjuster's claim totaled. I LOVE THIS PLACE! and recommend it every time someone asks me if I know of a good, honest mechanic shop.
5	This place is fantastic!  I know nothing about autos, and because of that, I'm always nervous going to a mechanic. After a bad experience with a previous mechanic, I've been here twice now, once for my 90K service a few months ago, and again today.  I had a brake switch problem that prevented my brake lights from shutting off. I checked in and sat down for what I expected to be a 2 hour wait.  They had me out within 30 min and provided terrific service!  So glad I found this place!
1	I brought my german performance vehicle in to have an oil leak checked out. Chris told me that my bi turbo chargers were failing, and were both leaking. He expected them to blow within 6 months. It has been 8 months and 12,000 strong miles (I horse the vehicle a lot!) and my turbo chargers run really good, and boost hard, no issues at all. The oil leak ended up being the banjo fitting to one turbo, and a valve body leak (diagnosed by two other shops). On a second occassion, where I thought they couldn't mess up an AC diagnosis, they told me my Compressor was not getting voltage and that it was leaking refrigerant. They told me that the whole system MUST be replaced. I thought this seemed a little off as the refrigerant had good levels. I took it to two other shops, and they both told me the same thing: The compressor is getting fine voltage, is not leaking, and is just inoperable.
5	Hands down the best auto place in Chandler.  Honest guys with really reasonable prices.  I've gotten my brake fluid ($35), front brake pads ($130), back brakes cleaned ($58), and car alignment done here.I've always been able to bring in my car in at most 2-3 days after I called.    Couple of times I was serviced in the same day.  Waiting area is spacious (accurate to pix posted) and has WIFI.  I've always received awesome, honest service.  I won't even bother with other car shops since I've always got the best service & lowest pricing here.
2	I don't understand how this place has such good reviews..maybe people just don't realize they are being swindled? Took my car in to see why the check engine light was on and for them to check why the car had been shaking. I had no intention to leave my car there over night but that's what happened, I call an hour before closing and the guy essentially tells me my car is in the back of the shop " and too far to get before closing time " & that I would need to get it in the morning...unacceptable! So I was car-less because it inconvenienced the guy to go get my car. Wow. & ontop of it he quoted me an insane price to fix the shaking, he told me 3 engine mounts needed replacing for over 1k, took it to a mechanic buddy of mine & he said only ONE engine mount needed replacing for a little over $100. So this place tried to get me for more then what was actually needed! Pros: location is convenient & in a quiet street. Cons: your typical $ swindling mechanic I advice you to get a second opinion before dropping major $ here.
5	I have been taking my vehicles to AZ Automasters for over a decade. This shop is miles above any other place I had previously been to. I can always expect to get honest answers, fair pricing, and great customer service. Thanks to everyone over there for always being consistent with your professionalism and for, once again, getting me back on the road!
5	I have taken cars there 6 or so times. I have had only positive experiences with them and their rates are cheaper than most garages around. I saw reviews speaking of their misdiagnosing a problem. They actually fixed a problem for me that was misdiagnosed at another similar business in Chandler. Their staff is very nice as is their facility.
4	Professional service, The discount from Living Social might look like a lot but the actual cost is about the same. with or without the coupon for oil change.
5	Initially I went to AZ automasters out of convenience since they're walking distance from my house. I've been there several times over the last couple of years and have always been happy with them. They do a good job of clearly explaining what the problem is, what the options are, costs/timelines, etc. I haven't needed a ton of work on my car but I've had them do a bunch of oil changes, front brakes, and some A/C work, all of which was done quickly and at a reasonable price. Also I know a lot of times places with oil change coupons (esp some of the chains) get you in and try to upsell you on nonsense like fuel injector flushes or turn signal fluid or whatever. These guys are much better about that sort of thing, and they'll really only make it a point when you need it.
5	I went to AZ automaster cause my car had some problem a couple of miles away. I described the problem to a mechanic there and he suggested me towel my car there even it was only 1.3 miles away. Fortunately I did not take the risk. They figured out that the break was broken, and tiny damage was caused since I did not drive it any more! The service at AZAM is sooo great! The staff are very friendly. Moreover, they are so sweet to have television, wifi, and even computers more than coffee! The most important thing is that they are really helpful!Honestly, this is the first time I come to a mechanics. But even comparing with the experience of my friends, they really offer awesome service. And the best thing is that you feel you can trust them! Thus I strongly recommend them
5	I was told to try AZ Automasters by one if their loyal customers.  Since I've never been able to find a descent long term mechanic in Arizona who I could trust I decided I had nothing to lose.  From the moment I walked in the door I knew I was in the right place.  It was spotless.  The folks behind the counter were busy but acknowledged me immediately and thanked me for being patient.  They gave me an estimate within twenty minutes, showed me beyond a shadow of a doubt what was wrong with my Jeep, gave me a price and time and they stuck to them!  I was shocked!  I have tried so many mechanics in Arizona, but have now found my permanent "go-to" shop.  And, by the way, the waiting room is really great too.  Good coffee and fast internet.
2	Although I agree with allot of other reviews about this place being clean, offering alternatives like rebuilt parts for repairs and so on, in the last 6 months their prices have gone up AT LEAST 10%, they no longer offer any coupons to returning customers, NOT even on oil changes and they've hired a lady for the front office.  So it seems that their success was gained at the cost to their customers.  I too have gotten quotes from them on services that I can find elsewhere for on average 15% less.  Lastly, the owner needs to stay AWAY from the customers.  I needed a ride to and from their shop about 6 months ago, which, by the way they advertise as a "free" service. I LIVE LESS THAN 2 MILES AWAY FROM THE SHOP.  When I was at the desk paying for my repairs, he had to add, very sarcastically, that they had given me the FREE rides.  Maybe that's why they hired the woman for the front desk.  Personally, Jim was much more knowledgeable and a better CSR.
5	I was referred by a few of my neighbors on Nextdoor.com. When I called, I was greeted warmly. I was surprised and pleased that  Mary was able to get me in the same day for an oil change and diagnosis. When I arrived I was greeted by name. I waited in the customer lounge and was impressed with the comfortable seating, free wifi and internet cafe set up. The oil change was quick and the explanation of parts/repairs included timeframes and an estimate of pricing. Status updates were completed in a timely, friendly manner and when all was said and done, came in less than the original estimate!  Pretty amazing!
4	I was a little slow in writing a review on this place. If I had done it a while back it would have likely been five stars. I only give it four now because the store manger changed and has lowered the bar a little. Still, as far as auto repair shops go this place has been well above average.
5	Outstanding service! It took me a while to find a local shop in Chandler I could trust. Bottom line, they fixed a problem that 2 other mechanics could not. They were very patient and answered my many questions. They pay attention to every detail.I am a very satisfied customer for life.
5	This past weekend, my husband and I were traveling back to Phoenix from San Diego when we ran into car problems just outside of El Centro, CA. Not knowing anyone in the area, we decided to tow our Honda Civic Hybrid to the Honda dealership in El Centro to have them check it out, figuring that they would be pricier than other options, but still trustworthy. We arrived at the dealership service center 90 minutes before closing. An hour later, we were being told that we needed a new engine, which was changed 15 minutes later to we just needed a new short block, which is the lower part of the engine.  The dealership told us that there was a value missing, and the cheapest/fastest way to get us on the road again was to replace the short block with a used one, to the tune of $5,800.00!! There was just no way we were going to accept that. We found a hotel for the night and began to form a different plan.We towed the car to Chandler, and once the technicians at AZ Automasters were able to take a look at our vehicle, I received a phone call stating that we did NOT need to replace any part of the engine. I was told that one of three V-Tech valve latch springs broke, which could be replaced for a grand total of $750!! I will tell you, I have never been so happy to hear that I was out $750 in my life! I was also told that my vehicle would be ready to be picked up first thing the following morning. Perfect! Picked up the car this morning and it is running beautifully.I have been a loyal customer of AZ Automasters for over 10 years, and this is a perfect example why.  They are trustworthy, affordable, the office staff are friendly, and the work is always done well with quality parts. If you are reading this, trying to decide if you want to give them a shot, I assure you that you will not be sorry you did!!
