5	This is a calorie friendly food truck. I had an amazing turkey pesto panini for lunch. It was so filling and satisfying. Everyone raved about the mini keylime pies. That will be my next mission of sabotage.  Give it a try if they arrive at your next event!
5	I had the great fortune to experience this great Food Truck last Friday morning at the Downtown 3rd Farmers' Market.  This truck definitely is a work of passion by his husband & wife team, Rose.Rabbit.Lie. general manager Julio and MGM Grand cocktail server Kelly.  Nice ingredients and very reasonably priced. I had the Turkey Panini with the avocado and I was full and well nourished.It was a great way to have a good lunch, and to support a new food truck with a healthy attitude as well as support the Downtown 3rd Farmers' Market. I just wish that many others would have been there to take advantage of this roving restaurant and the wonderful farmers market, too.
5	I was attending a concert at the Henderson Pavilion on a Sunday night. There were several other food trucks to choose from and several of them I've tried before. I saw the 50 Shades of Green truck and decided to try something different. I'm really glad I did! My friend ordered the Strawberry Fields salad that she let me taste. It had fresh mixed greens, strawberries, feta crumbles, pecans & an apple cider vinegar dressing. The salad was delicious! I could've easily eaten her salad but I thought that wouldn't have been very nice! I ordered the Turkey Pesto Panini and added avocado. The sandwich was toasted to on this most awesome bread. I could eat a whole loaf of that bread. The turkey pesto sandwich was awesome! All the ingredients were fresh & balanced to perfection. The prices for both the salad & sandwich was good too!  I can't wait to eat here again!  One suggestion would be an option to have a sandwich with a salad combo. :)
3	Tried 50 shades of green last night. Ordered a salad. Was told wait time is 5-10 min. Ended up waiting for 25 minutes....for a salad. One salad. My opinion, get more help. Customer service is key. salad was okay that's why I gave you 3 stars
4	First Friday and my go,to truck was not there. I wanted something that wasn't going to be all greasy and fairly light. I was looking over the menu at 50 shades of green and saw another customer get a panini and I was sold.I had the Turkey Pesto Panini and was very satisfied. A nice portion of turkey and cheese with the pesto flavor. The bread seemed to be a multigrain but not %100  sure. I wanted to ask more about the truck but they were pretty busy and I didn't want to hold up the line. I will definitely try more selections from the menu.
