3	I love the questions at the bottom of the page, and my answers to them may not be totally accurate.  But when it asks, "Is this good for Breakfast - Dessert?"  Well My personal answer has to be, "Yes!"  It's pizza ladies and gentlemen, and as we all know there are as many pizza variants as there are turtles holding up the earth.So here's my personal story about Pizza, and Beach Pizza.When I was a lad, on the cold Southern California mornings, each day I had a choice to make, go to school, or ditch out and head down to Newport Beach and go surfing.  More often than not, I'd have to elect for Surfing, and by lunch time, all those calories spent not learning would have to be replaced.So out on the Balboa Peninsula there had to be 4 pizza by the slice places, each of them serving the super thin and greasy slice for $1.50 which you could load with free parm and peppers till you could feel fire in each bite.  As I matured more and started going down to Newport with my son years later I realized the pizza itself was wonderful as well when you weren't trying to live off the free cheese and peppers.Needless to say, I was driving by Beach Pizza one day, contemplating on eating at the bar next door, or the subway or maybe just something from the deli counter at the grocery store.  I had a quick thought that it'd be hilarious if it was the same So. Cal. slice I was used to.In a way, I'm kinda glad it wasn't, because it's phenomenally better!  It has all the decor and charm of a shoes-optional pizza by the slice boardwalk business, but the food is Excellent.My pizza buying from Beach pizza goes like this:Day one:  Got a medium for lunch.Day two:  Everyone at work chips in for 3 larges out of jealousy (see day one)Day three:  Got 2 larges (less people working) and a medium to take home.Day four: Pizza boxes are piled nearly chest deep in our break room.  The word is out to our neighboring business who all come in for "just a slice"Weeks later:  I lie about going there now so I don't have to bring back more pizza than my car will carry!  It's like being on heroin!Ok, I exaggerated a bit at the end.
4	We order Beach Pizza a couple of time a month. They have a great variety of pizzas you can order from the ordinary to the downright different. The crust is really chewy which I like. The place is super clean and the staff is friendly. This place is better than your average nuts and bots pizza joint.
5	We order every time we visit Vegas.  Everything we have tried was really good.  We always get the cheese, the blonde on the beach, a salad with mushrooms and olives, hot wings, and a veggie pizza.  They're not expensive and they use really good cheese and veggies.  We really wish there was a location in Los Angeles.
5	We have been getting pizza's from Beach Pizza since they open some 4 years ago.  Having a wife from NY makes it hard to just pick up any old pizza.  There is only 3 pizza joints that make the grade and Beach Pizza is one of them. So getting on that list from a pizza snob like my wife really counts for some thing.So give them a try and you will have a new favorite pizza joint.
4	Very good pizza. Decent decor. Small. Good value. We used Groupon coupon, but regular prices were still decent.
3	Yet another review brought to you by Groupon. I can never resist trying new places and when I have a coupon, I'm that much more motivated to check it out, even if it is in BFE (aka Summerlin). This shop is small, but clean. Seems to be pretty well-maintained. The kid behind the counter was friendly and helpful when helping us out with our order. My fella and I ordered a medium pizza and medium wings (hot) to share. The restaurant was empty, but they had lots of delivery orders to take care of, so our food took a little bit of time, but they were still quite quick, despite the rush.The pizza was tasty, nothing extraordinary, but definitely a nice thin pizza with a generous amount of cheese and sauce. The wings were pretty good. Spicy, but not intolerably hot. All in all, pretty good and  I definitely wouldn't object if I came here again, but given it's rather far location from my house, I think that's unlikely.
2	Worst pasta ive ever experienced in my life. 20+ bucks and it was dried up pasta with tomato sauce. Garlic bread was decent so i gave it 2 stars.
2	We bought a Groupon a while back and decided to use it today. We got the Hang Ten pizza and mozzarella sticks.It was okay. I meant to ask for the pizza without onions and green peppers but forgot. I realized my mistaked the second I got in my car and smelled the green peppers. However, I took the green peppers off and was pleasantly surprised to find that the taste didn't linger on the pizza and overwhelm everything else. I left the onions on as it was my wife who asked me to order without onions.The pizza was just average. The crust was kind of soggy. The mozzarella sticks were only lukewarm and did not taste homemade. They tasted like something you'd get from the freezer section of your local grocery store.I might try it again, but I doubt I'll be a regular.
3	Stopped here as part of my Pizza Bender Tour 2011 Edition.  I live in the neighborhood, so it was only a matter of time before I gave it a try.  I was looking forward to have a couple of Slices of Pizza and was disappointed to find out they don't sell Pizza by the Slice.....Damn!I wasn't going to let that stop me though.....so I ordered a Personal Sausage Pizza "well done" and a 1/2 Hot Italian Hero (Salami, Mortadella, Ham, Melted Mozzarella, Lettuce, Tomato, Italian Dressing, $4.75).  It took about 15-20 minutes for the food to be prepared.  I went for the Hero first....it was served Hot and the Cheese was melted throughout the Sandwich.  What was odd was the Tomatoes and Lettuce looked like Salad thrown on the Sandwich....it looked out of place and promptly "fell" out of the Sandwich when I took the first bite.  It was very tasty, but I didn't like how the Italian Dressing was served on the side like a dipping Sauce.  Just a weird setup, but plenty of potential....3.5 Stars on the Sammy.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tjHhb6lrJdOryY5Ao4pHOg?select=Iqzb-H48B0AgB0vX-tKhDgNext I went for the Pizza.....I took one bite and thought it might have been a bust....but it grew on me.  The Crust is chewy and the Tomato Sauce has an interesting flavor.....all I can say is that I wanted more and that's always a good thing....for now, I'll give it 3 Stars.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tjHhb6lrJdOryY5Ao4pHOg?select=xHoP8sxg9hyWexhiY6x52AThe employees are really friendly too and I think it's family owned, which I love.  Overall, the joint gets 3 Stars and the Pizza will definitely get a 2nd try from me.Return Factor - 80%
5	Loved it! Vary friendly staff and great pizza. I gave it 5 stars because of the fast delivery and the cute driver:-)   she was tall and sexy,,,
4	I was looking for a late night pizza delivery around my zip code and didn't wan't to settle for Dominoes or Pizza Hut, which is all there is in the area that delivers anyway.  I found out that Beach Pizza not only takes orders over the internet, but they deliver to my address (right around the corner).  The pizza was at my door within a reasonable 35 minutes, was, hot, and perfect.  The sauce is light, the cheese is good quality mozzarella, and the crust has an excellent taste, without seasonings (ex: Hungry Howie).  If they had a coal oven they would have a perfect east coast brick oven quality crust, which would, in my case, earn them 6 stars!  Delicious!  Would eat any day over Dominoes, Za Hut, Papa John's, or North side Nathan's.
2	Bland and boring. We went there with a Groupon, spurred by comments on Yelp. I thought the almost non-existent sauce was out of a can. The toppings were meager. The crust was the best thing about it. We ordered sausage, mushroom, and black olives and onions. The black olives were ground up and looked like mouse droppings on the pizza.  I asked about the spices in the sausage and the counter person said the package only says spices. Fennel is the spice that gives Italian sausage some zip. Too bad they don't check out Aurelio's pizza. That has enough toppings and good taste.
5	This pizza rocks! We never go to Vegas without making a trip out to Beach Pizza - even if we're staying on the Strip! I used to dine at fancy restaurants in Vegas (on an expense account, of course), and I would still make the trek to Summerlin for a Hang Ten pizza - yum! The Buffalo Chicken pizza is a new favorite. I don't get the negative reviews, but they all seem to come from Groupon people... weird. I kind of wonder if they might be the kind of people who won't spend more than $10 bucks on a pizza, so they eat Dominos and like it? Not that there's anything wrong with that... ;) I think this place is more for people who know and LOVE a good pizza.Anyway, the crust is great and the toppings are all of excellent quality - you can tell with the first bite. Do yourself a huge favor - try this pizza! The funny thing is, everytime we go, I want to try something else on the menu, but I can't resist getting a pizza too, so I end up eating way too much! It's probably good I don't live nearby, or I'd weigh 300 lbs. As far as the place itself, staff has always been super friendly, and the place is cute with a beach them (duh).
5	Always on the look out for a good pizza and after reading the reviews on this place I decided to give it a whirl. Being by myself tonight I ordered an Italian Sub. Damn good meat great bread and they toast the subs and put the veggies on cold! I love that.  Reading the reviews about the sauce I asked for a side and it was amazing. Great sweet tomatoes, some oregano some garlic, onions bazil and something I just couldnt place. If I had guess I would say honey. I cant wait till I can talk the girls into giving the pizza a try.
4	My sweetie brought a "hang ten " pizza home from Beach Pizza.I have to say,  that was a good pizza - mushrooms, olives,  onions, green pepper, pepperoni and sausage. The crust was thin (  but not super thin ) toppings were flavorful. I'll  definitely be up for some more pizza from this place.A large pizza for about $18 . Not bad. Especially when it's this damn tasty.
3	We came because the other places we wanted were too busy or closed for repairs.  I got the lunch special.  Its a 1-topping personal pizza and drink for $3.99.  I would say this was a pretty good deal.  The pizza was a little bit more dough than pizza, but for 4 bucks I was full.  The cashier guy was really nice.  My daughter got the chicken fingers and an order of fries and this is why they only got 3 stars.  The fingers and fries are baked in the oven.  The fingers were pretty good.  You can get plain, hot and something else (I forgot).  The fries were burnt, which happens when you use an oven.  I tried to put lots of ranch on them but the burnt flavor was too overwhelming.  Also, the other reason they got 3 stars in because it was to-go and like many places they used styrofoam, which if holes aren't poked on the top, it make the fries super soggy.  So I had soggy burnt fries.  Which was no good.  I will still give it another shot, but will probably eat there.
5	The pizza is awesome if you like NY style. We always get a large so there are leftovers for lunch! Try the Hang Ten. They have nice fresh toppings and HUGE salads. I haven't tried the sandwiches, but I bet they are as good as the pizza. Today I cashed in the free dessert with check in and got the Chocolate Lover's Delight. Mmmmmm.
4	Great pizza but DON'T order online! What a mess! They didn't have my order, charged me twice, very frustrating. They did refund one of the charges and comped me a 2 liter soda. But do yourself a favor and just call it in. :)
3	I always enjoy Beach Pizza. The crust is good and the sauce is tangy. I like that I am able to buy pizza by the slice at a reasonable price.
1	We just ordered our food and had two edible items. The two bags of chips that accompanied our heroes. Meatball parm hero tasted like it had been frozen and thawed a few times. Definitely tasted spoiled and after two bites I threw it out. My husband had the eggplant parm hero and it was pretty much batter, cheese and sauce. The tiramisu was FROZEN!!!  Even if you order your desserts pre-made from Sysco, at least thaw the dang thing first. Not even worth calling back to fix it. Will not order from there again. Didn't try the pizza but no point in that now. Once you bite into spoiled food you're done.
5	This is absolutely the best pizza in Las Vegas! The staff and owners couldn't be more helpful or friendlier! We wish we lived closer so that we could eat it more often!
5	Friendly service, showed us the best offer to get more for less money. pizza was great. I have my found my new go-to pizza place.
4	Great customer service! I have them deliver when I work at the bodyheat tanning up the street! Nice people, always get my order right, and I love their mozzarella cheese!!!
4	Good pizza.  Baked fingers which is always a nice change of pace. Owner is super friendly.
1	Don't eat here they don't what products they even serve. If you serve meats you should know what brand it is!!
2	Star Rating: 2.5 because it is between "Meh. I've experienced better" and "A-Ok"Long Winded Experience: I have been patronizing this establishment since I was in High School over ten years ago. Our favorite pizza of choice is the Buffalo Chicken Pizza. It's extremely delicious, but over the last ten years we have experienced lack-luster presentation and portions from Beach Pizza with this pizza specifically. They treat the chicken pieces like precious metals, sprinkling just a few bits here and there to add "sparkle" to what can only be called a Ranch/Cheese pizza, not a Buffalo Chicken Pizza. We've even asked, every time since the 2nd or 3rd time ordering it, for *extra* chicken. They go ahead and charge us $5 for extra chicken, but the pizza looks just like if you order it without extra chicken. It's completely disappointing and frustrating. The pizza is very delicious and a unique specialty pie, but is it worth $25 for an 18" pizza that only has a smattering of Buffalo Chicken on it? I think not. Sorry, Beach Pizza. You have a wonderful concept, and a talented team to pull it off, but you skimp on toppings that make the pizza. My friends and I have eaten our last of Beach Pizza. TL;DR: Delicious Specialty Pizza, but lacks sufficient "Bang-for-your-buck" in the toppings department for the price and "Extra toppings" vanish into thin air as you pay for them.
1	Wanted to try Beach Pizza, since it's closer than the place I usually go to, Roccos NY Pizza.  Large 3 item Pizza, chicken parm sub, and an order of buffalo wings.  The whole order of food, was sub-par, at best.  The buffalo wings, were terrible, smelled weird, oily, little wing sauce, ate a few, dumped the rest.  The Chicken Parm sub was mushy with too little chicken and too much sauce and cheese.  The pizza was kinda like Dominos, cardboardy crust, not the worst ever, but far from good.  For the prices, not a real good value.  For 1/2 the price, might be worth consideration for folks who usually order Pizza-Hut, Dominos, or Papa John's.Nice friendly staff and fast service, was the only bright spot.  Will not return.
1	*No one wears gloves here* I came here the evening of Friday Nov. 21, to get some pizza, fast. I asked the girl at the register How much a large cheese pizza is.  She said "That'll be $12.92". I asked how much 2 medium cheese pizzas are,  she said "$12.95". I ordered the two pizzas, paid, and said I'd be back. The girl at the register told me it would be 15-20 minutes.  I returned to a line of two people, less than 15 minutes later. I waited in the line for over 10 minutes, staring at my pizzas that were waiting on the shelf for me. As I was waiting, I watched an employee, a girl in a green apron, placing parchment in the box, where she was about to place the pizza, she pressed, with here bare hand, down on the middle of the paper, then placed a pizza someone was going to eat right on top. I looked at the other employees in the kitchen,  one was on the back of the oven, not gloved and another working in the kitchen, also not gloved. Of the four employees working there, zero wore gloves.When I got to the front of the line the girl asked what she could do for me. The restaurant wasn't that busy,  I feel like she should've remembered me. It was very irritating to wait in line for paid for pizzas.The pizza was average. None of us have the stomach flu yet.
1	I normally do not like to write a bad review about a restaurant; however, I feel the need to warn people about this place. I went to eat lunch at Beach Pizza yesterday and the service was good, but the restaurant was dirty and the food was awful. The pizza was not fully cooked and the dough was raw.
