5	Fuel & Fuddle is a bar & restaurant in Oakland - the heart of Pitt campus, but you'll find a lot of Carnegie Mellon students there, as well as students from other colleges. It's half off after 11 pm, so good luck finding a table. I recommend their pizza - I get the flying buffalo often. I also recommend their nachos - plenty to share. Not anything to write home about, but still well made. Everything here is good.They have a fairly big beer menu and drink menu.
4	Came here a lot during my CMU days.  Good beer selection and yummy pizzas, and there's a half off menu after 11pm.
5	Quite possibly my favorite place in the entire United States. It's unfortunate it has to be in Pittsburgh, PA...but that's part of what makes it awesome in it's own way. I am giving this place the honor of my very first Yelp review even though I have not lived in Pittsburgh for more than a year.This place has amazing American pub food. The nachos are piled high with an indeterminable amount of good toppings. The buffalo wings (and other kinds of wings) are large, properly covered in sauce, and perfectly spicy. But the best food here are the pizzas. The Flying Buffalo, the Garden of Eden, et. al. No matter what mood you are in, there's an awesome personal pizza to be had.As if the food wasn't enough, they have probably the best (not the largest - the best) beer selection in Pittsburgh. House brews and Great Lakes (from Cleveland), Guinness, Yeungling, all on tap. More than 50 others in bottles. At decent prices too!Almost all food is half-off after 11PM every night - which is key.On Saturdays, the "house blues man" Don Sjzeck, plays his awesome mix of Johnny Cash, Greatful Dead, blues, and rock covers as well as his fun sing-along original stuff. It made every Saturday night awesome for me.Hangover Breakfast on Sunday mornings is great for its stated purpose. Unlimited coffee, bloody marys, etc.Do what you need to do and go there one night. It's worth it and its an awesome Pittsburgh experience.
4	The plan: Get there by 10:45 to beat the half off food crowd that gets there at 11PM. Order some beers and wait for a table. They usually have specials going on. Sit down by 11 and order some food at half off. Except diner waffle fries they are NOT half off. I think these people own Joe Mama's two doors down. Vegtarian: Portablello burger with sweet potato fries and ying yang rolls! yum!
4	Fuel and Fuddle has my favorite wings of all time. I love the hottest ones! I eat lots of spicy food, and these are the only that are both tasty and spicy. Great beer selection. I love the alligator stew and waffle fries, especially. Only problems with F&F is how crowded it gets, how loud it gets, and that it's in Pittsburgh!
3	Arrived at about 7pm and the place was PACKED. We were told that the wait was about 10 minutes... 10 minutes that were probably well-spent because we found Carmen Sandiego as she walked in the door! (So maybe it wasn't her, but my bf does mention that the resemblance was uncanny. Long brown hair, red trenchcoat, etc.. yeah.) But that's another story.After the wait, we were lead downstairs, which we found to be quite empty. (Granted, there were about 4 or 5 tables there, but only about 3 people left the place.. from upstairs. So maybe they were just waiting for a waitress for the downstairs area.) Food and drinks were pretty decent for the price. The oven-baked brie (with honey and apple slices) tasted pretty good. I would advise against the nachos - it was mostly pre-packaged chips... That was pretty disappointing.
3	Too crowded.  The only thing I remember is the sweet potato fries.  Delicious.  But not worth the trip.
4	Most of my visits to Fuel and Fuddle were for their late night menu, which in my recollection begins at 11pm. There's always a line out the door before then so be ready to wait. I loved their big wood-fired oven. The pizzas are really tasty (smoking hen, the naked truth, and the smashed potato pizzas are must try's!). Try their big ass brownie sundae, but be sure to share it with a friend because you won't be able to finish it alone.
2	Fuel & Fuddle is the Lucy to my Charlie Brown.I want to like the place.  I really do!  The atmosphere is relaxed and friendly.  The staff is nice (although the owners clearly subscribe to the "hire only the prettiest girls" theory of staffing, which is a little annoying).  And everything on the menu sounds delicious.There!  That's why I don't like the place.  Everything sounds delicious.  SOUNDS.  Yet when the food arrives, it inevitably disappoints.  It's just not as good as it should be.Part of the problem is the bread they use for the sandwiches, which tastes institutional and consistently underwhelms.  Several times I've had sandwiches there that would have been awesome, except they were on that lackluster, tasteless bread.Positive things:  the beer selection is good.  The appetizers are passable.  I have no comment on the half-price food thing because half-price for mediocre food is still overpaying.In summary, I want Fuel & Fuddle to be awesome.  But it simply isn't.
4	Fuel is one of my top choices for weekend brunch in Pittsburgh. Their (free, unlimited, typically good) coffee and twists on the classics make a great choice for one or ten. If you come in with ten, you may want to call ahead to get the less noisy basement tables, no matter what time of day. Brunch is the best, in my opinion, as Fuel transforms from a noisy, dark college restaurant to a calmer, lighter atmosphere. Also they have specials on bloody marys.Half-price starts at 11 pm, and includes about 65% of the menu. Like all half-price in Oakland establishments you will see a line unless it's a school break or you're there 30 minutes early. It's worth the wait though for delicious food. I'm a fan of their salads, but their pizzas are pretty excellent also. Desserts, like the apple burnover (think huge brick oven baked apple turnover with vanilla ice cream), are quite enough for two.Beer selection is fantastic, and conveniently laid out for you in the menu, prices and all. If you go there for the drinking, be sure to get some crab dip. You will not regret it. Unless you have an allergy.
4	This place has a good selection of American food and beer.  If you're up for waiting for a while then I would suggest the half off after 11pm deal, but I do go here for full priced food.  My favorite is the 'Goin Cold Turkey' which is actually a very simple meal of a huge slab of turkey, red onions, chunks of tomatoes and garlic mayo on a big soft bread roll.  Its served with their famous mix of sweet and regular potato fries.  I haven't been dissapointed by their pizza or their salads either.  The fire baked brie is also a tasty little morsel that I would suggest for sharing.  It can get very noisy in here, and if you sit in the basement you can feel a little excluded.  Nothing fancy here, but I would suggest it for a Lunch or Dinner with friends or family.
5	Fuel and Fuddle has been my favorite place since I set foot on Pitt's campus four years ago.  This place is fantastic!  Yeah, so it's a little loud in the evening - but so worth it.  If you're looking for a more relaxed dining experience, go before all of the students come in to take advantage of the late-night 1/2 price menu.  However, this place is often crowded, because it's just so darn good.Great beer selection and even better American bar food.  My appetizer of choice is the Dive Diner Fries.  For dinner: I love the sandwiches, which come with a yummy mixture of fries and sweet potato fries.  The pizzas are great also.  And dessert - split the Big Azz Brownie with somebody.  Overall a great place, you just have to be willing to put up with the hustle and bustle of a busy restaurant at the heart of a college campus.
3	This is a pretty decent place for bar food.  They have a nice chicken breast sandwich, and oversize nachos.  I have found after eating many a lunch here while I was working nearby, that the quality of the food is a bit inconsistent.  The fries are decent and you can ask for a garlic aioli for them.  My wife would probably give them an additional star because she really like the sweet potato fries.  One good thing about this place is that it is great for a mixed group with lots of food idiosyncracies.  There are a decent number of veggie options, e.g., a mushroom sandwich.
3	As much as I've enjoyed my awkward trips to F&F, I can't explain what's so great about it.  The service is average during normal hours, and (understandably) terrible during half price.  The crowds of fellow college students means I'm sometimes in the cold for upwards of half an hour, waiting for a table.  And by the time I'm done, the buses aren't necessarily running, so I have to walk home in the cold.  But it's still quintessentially college to me, so I keep coming back.I actually don't like most of the food.  The vegetarian sandwich I got was kind of bland and the bread was pretty terrible.  Not a fan of the pizzas or nachos either, though I know some people are crazy about them.  It seems overpriced for the quality, except maybe during half price... but then you're tipping double and possibly ordering drinks, so you're not saving a ton of money.Some pluses: they have a terrific beer selection (or so I'm told; I don't drink beer) and great wings (again, I don't eat them).  But I do eat the sweet potato fries... mmm, only $1 for a side of sweet fries if you're here after 11 pm.
4	Gotta love Fuel and Fuddle!  Awesome beer selection and consistently good food that doesn't disappoint.  The atmosphere is fun and laid back, and this place really could be franchised.
4	i can't remember if i really like the food here, except that I loved getting the mixed basket of idaho potato and sweet potato fries and the politically incorrect "irish car bomb."more than anything they have a big room downstairs where i could come with 30+ folks and haggle over how to pay the bill, lofl.
5	I haven't lived in Pittsburgh for 4 years, and even now after all this time, on a Thursday night I wish I was still lived in Oakland so a few friends and I could hit up Fuel for some dinner and drinks. Fuel is the best place in Oakland at night, particularly if your over 21. It's a little crowded but the beer selection (100 different varieties) is the best virtually anywhere. The half price menu starts at 11, so you can go there get dinner and drinks with some friends and it's a good night. The food is always excellent, and after 11 a good value. The service is always good. I love the ambiance of the place, but I could see how people could find it irritating. It's loud (particularly when there is live music) and it is crowded. However in my four years going to fuel this never once dissuaded me, because the half priced menu is just too good and trying the new beers is just too much fun.
5	This place brings great memories to me :) Its a cute bar/restaurant place,and i guess its mostly filled with CMU kids and maybe Upitt.They have a good list of beers and i am a great fan of their food.   Wait for it....The world's best fried called the "Waffle fries".It's just soo tatsy and out of the world.everything time i think of good food ,i still wonder if there is a place which makes waffle fries.This is the place where i first ate waffle fries and i am going back for that..pssst..i even wanted to make a trip to Pittsburgh just to eat them ;).And the last thing i wanted to do before leaving pittsburgh was...any guesses??   Yes!!!eat waffle fries :)They are great!!but not healthy apparently.It's a great place to go hangout with a bunch of friends,and relax.Don't miss it !-Smriti
3	Fuel is filled with a variety of people.  The lunch crowd consists of an eclectic mix of professionals, students and locals.  Anytime after lunch and you're in for mostly the undergraduate/grad student crowd.The menu is quite varied.  Appetizers, salads, pizzas and sandwiches line the pages with funny names like, "Rosemary's breasts" (a delicious chicken sandwich, recommended with the cajun mayo, lettuce and tomato - you need to ask) and "Rolla fatty" (a pepperoni roll with mozzarella baked in...delicious). I also recommend the house salad with apples and walnuts.  Stay away from the chili and most of the "large plates."  I don't think they sell enough of them to remember to prepare them properly.Good food (mostly). HORRIBLE for conversation.  This place is built entirely from painted cinder block = no noise absorption whatsoever!  Fuel always proves good for a young crowd during a sporting event but I would NEVER bring a date here...ever.  Great for college kids, they offer a 1/2 price menu on most items after 11.  It was great when I was in school.  Things get really tight in there though.  They have a great beer menu - one of the best in Pittsburgh.  I would give it 3.5 stars if I could.  You average, without alcohol, about $10-12 per person after tax.
3	If you're in Oakland with friends who are divided on drinking vs. eating, Fuel and Fuddle is a good compromise: big beer selection to satisfy the drinkers, and plenty of food options to keep the eaters happy.The portions here are really generous.  While not listed directly on the menu, you can request a side of just sweet potato fries (instead of the mix of regular and sweet potato fries), and the plate you get is huge.  The pizzas here are pretty good, with thin crusts that are nicely chewy.  The dessert portions here are the largest I've ever seen--the brownie is about three or four times larger than the typical bar brownie and the nutter butter pie is the tallest peanut butter pie I've seen.  I like how Fuel and Fuddle tried to put its own twist on the apple turnover with the apple "burnover" by using pizza dough instead of puff pastry.  The dough itself, however, could have been more sweet--even with warm apple filling inside, the chocolate sauce drizzled on top, and the vanilla ice cream, I felt the dessert lacked something.As other reviewers have said, this isn't a place to go to if you want to have conversations.  In a party of six, I had to stick to talking to the people right next to me, and even then I felt like I was nearly shouting.  The food and drinks here aren't bad at all, but not quite enough to convince me to frequent this place if I'm not already in Oakland.
4	Great place to eat. Whether you're looking for lunch, dinner or a place to grab drinks, this is a great place to come to. Their beer selection is pretty good and their food is pretty good as well. This place is pretty busy regardless of the time of day you come so seating can be hit or miss here. Usually though, I've been able to get a seat fairly quickly everytime I've gone. All the food here is pretty good tasting so you can't go wrong.
4	Well said Jessica W. I also want to put a special note in about the waffle fries, more specifically, the awesome sauce that comes with them that is completely addicting. I have had generally good experiences with fuel and fuddle, however, my dessert spoon tasted of green onions the last time I was there. Strange combo with peanut butter pie. But definitely good bar food.
4	The best late night food in Pittsburgh. The food is good, it tends toward fried and salty but that's fine. Portions are ridiculous. I love mustard, and by far the best mustard I've ever had was here. The pizzas are done well in a brick oven. But even if you hate everything else, the beers alone are worth the trip.
5	Fuel and Fuddle has great food, and half off after midnight is awesome.  The service is usually good and attentive, and it is great for taking groups.  They are very accommodating.
3	Oh Fuel and Fuddle...  Why don't you have waffle fries anymore?  My Smashed Potato Pizza doesn't taste the same without the soft potato-ey goodness with the sharp creamy horseradish bite every now and then...No longer shall I brave the harsh cold winter nights waiting half an hour just to get a table to ease some late night munchies.  No longer shall I deal with your loud atmosphere and mediocre service.Oh Fuel and Fuddle, you broke my heart.  You have forced me to rebound with Mad Mex and Sharp Edge.  Farewell Fuel and Fuddle.....
3	Their pepperoni rolls are great, and their ribs are surprisingly good.
4	Great bar with good food. Stay away from the crab cakes, but the pizzas and salads are very good. One of the better beer selections in Oakland. Try the BIG fish sandwich..
4	Came here after 11pm with a friend, entire menu is practically half off! Come around 10:45 and get your name on the list, when a table opens up they'll call you in - get's to be pretty packed around 12.sweet potato fries = awesome buffalo chicken pizza = awesome-r!!wings = awesom-est!!!everything ends up to be about 4.50 each, service is good too. 95.54% chance you'll go into a food coma afterwards.lively place filled with college crowd,  i would most def. come here again.
4	Went here with friends and family on New Year's Eve.  The food was good, as was the selection of beers.  Ribs, pizza's, pulled pork, steak sandwich, and alligator stew -- all yummy, although the alligator stew was a little heavy on the black pepper.  I guess that's meant to represent the alligator biting back?I plan to go back again, although I'm told it's usually very crowded.  We had no problem getting in on New Year's Eve, and they did take a reservation.  But we arrived an hour early (~ 7p), and were still seated.
4	1/2 off food after 11. random/eclectic "bar"ish food, but all pretty good. my favorite is the "smashed potato" "live fire pie". it is SOOOO good. what good be bad about bacon, cheddar, mashed potatoes and ranch dressing? sounds a little bit strange, but what's not to like? =Dalso great sweet potato fries, and bourbon bbq wings. their sandwiches are also good, but usually i stuck with the smashed potato.
5	The Place: Clean, CasualThe Service: Inviting, Friendly, QuickThe Food: Variety, FlavorfulOne of my Favorite Places to eat in the "burgh".  House Salad, BBQ Wings, Kick Gas Nacho's, Rosemary's Breast (Hold the Mustard, BBQ on the Side) with the INCREDIBLE Sweet Potato Fries!Half-Price Menu after 11:00pm
4	I've gone here for lunch two times, and each time, I've gotten a sandwich and fries (mixed russet and sweet potatoes). Both times, I was happy with what I ordered. It's all quality stuff, but speaking as a "poor grad student," the value for your money isn't as good as it would be at some of the other restaurants in the area.
3	This place wasn't as good as we were expecting.  My pizza (Classic Maggie) was good, but nothing outstanding.  My husband's burger was completely charred and basically inedible.  We didn't bother sending it back as our waitress was nowhere to be found.It's your typical bar food with a decent beer selection...nothing more, nothing less.
4	meh. nothing too special but definitely not bad (and trust me, there is some BAD food here in pittsburgh. blegh. they just survive off of poor students unfortunately)anyway i came here for their half of food late at night, but unfortunately got something that wasn't half off (i think its a pizza? maybe?) but also had some other dish that was half off. not bad, not great. just come for cheap food.
5	Fuel is the ultimate South Oakland place to eat.  It has it all:  great beer selection, delicious food (sweet potato fries and chipotle polka are my faves), half-price after 11:00PM, and good atmosphere.The food here is bar food taken to the next level with fresh and house-made ingredients.  There's still plenty of fried stuff, but it's always done with a twist or some kind of strange ingredient to keep it interesting.The drink menu is full of powerful cocktails (16oz for 6 bucks) - try the 5-speed, you won't regret it.  The beer selection is the real star here though, with a constantly rotating tap selection with some real winners, and decent house brews.Service is spot-on.  Bartenders are knowledgeable and helpful. BOTTOM LINE:  Great food and drinks.  Half-price after 11.  A little step to the left of normal South Oakland fare, and a great place to start or end your night.
3	Good for a hangover.  It's a little loud however.  I've thrown up in the bathroom many times, not due to the food.The fries are thin and kind of disappointing.  The food is good.  Not spectacular. It's decent.  The specialty drinks are strong, and that's a plus.
1	I used to come here five years ago when I was in college and I had a lot of great memories. The food was never extraordinary but they had a few good dishes. However, I went back recently and was extremely disappointed. I had been looking forward to their jerk chicken wings and they are now using a new sauce that doesn't have nearly as good of definition or flavor. They brought all of our food out at once (appetizers, soup, salads, main dishes) and some of it was cold. This happened because our waitress was sweeping the floor for ten minutes when our food was up. Generally the only items we had that were good was the house salad and the sweet potato fries. The chicken chili had potential but it was barely warm. To boot the restaurant was not very clean when we were there. The bathroom smelled, both toilets were clogged, and there was no toilet paper. All in all, I had high expectations and was disappointed.
4	Apparently they have waffle fries again... they took it off temporarily so they could increase its price on the menu...I guess I have to give them a star back. (did you know Mad Mex has waffle fries too now?)The standards are pretty much their pizzas (smashed potato, buffalo chicken, etc.), waffle fries, and sweet potato fries after 11 PM when almost everything is half priced.  The wait is LONG as it gets ridiculously crowded as the masses of CMU and Pitt kids head down (if you miss the 11 PM rush, get ready to wait close to an hour).  Since waffle fries are pretty much the only reason to go to Fuel and Fuddle and there's no late night discount on them, I'd recommend going BEFORE 11 PM and just grab a drink with your fries and then head out to enjoy the rest of your night.  Their house beer is excellent and I believe they have a rotating tap.If it happens to be Thursday, Friday or Saturday night and you're still hungry, you can head down to Sphinx Cafe where a guy grills up hot dogs (2 for $3), burgers (2 for $5), and pulled beef from 10:30 PM until 3:30 AM right outside.
4	Flavor explosion! I love the food here, there is nothing on the menu that isn't completely delicious! Food of this quality is really the exception rather than the rule in an area so close to a big school as I've learned.But the service has always been slow when I've visited and the place is always loud, even when you're in for lunch and the place is almost deserted--though if you're in it to really enjoy the food, that's when you want to go.
5	F&F is not a restaurant; it's a way of life.I went to college in Pittsburgh, and there is NOTHING like F&F's half price Late Night experience. F&F is not the only place that does the half price Late Night thing, but it may as well be, for me.After 11 pm every night, most of the menu is half price. You do have to get there early (10:30 ish on Fri/Sat/Sun) to put your name on the list, but for students, standing outside and chatting with your friends is part of the experience.(Edited to add: Don't forget to tip on what your full bill would have been!)My faves include the sweet potato fries, baked brie (!!!), Smashed Potato pizza, and turkey or buffalo burgers. I've heard they have amazing beers (but I don't drink) and I know they've got some fantastic desserts (my fave was the bread pudding which is gone now, but the brownie and apple turnover dishes are delish too).They also have a surprisingly good brunch, and for the record, the basement is much less loud than the upstairs.Every time I go back to Pittsburgh, I make sure F&F is on the agenda. Like I said, it's not just a restaurant.
5	I love this place!! It's such a college scene, so be aware of that. If you go there after 11 at night, almost everything is half off! They have great food and a wide variety of drinks and a fun atmosphere. It is really really loud inside, there is no sound absorption in the place. It can be extremely crowded, and there are many times when you have an hour plus wait to get seated. - Also, don't forget - this is Oakland. Have fun trying to park!!!! :)
5	This is one of my new favorite hangout joints. After 11pm, most of the food is half-off which is great.I ordered:'rollafatty' giant slices of pepperoni and mild cheddar cheese rolled in our made-from-scratch pizza dough and fired in the brick oven. served with house-made sicilian marinara $7.5and'the smashed potato' seasoned smashed potatoes, apple smoked bacon, mild cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes, and onions drizzled with house-made buttermilk dressing $8add grilled rosemary chicken breast...add a buck! (Which i did and you should too!)Now the RollaFatty is good, but the portion was too small to pay for it at full price. But the Smashed Potato was well worth it :)I'd gladly go again :)
5	As my go to place for quick food after studying, it can't get much better. the food is great quality and has a great variety of food. with creative names for their food like rollin a fatty and hog heaven, it allows you to have a lot of fun. They participate in half off, which a lot of local restaurants do. after a certain time, food on their menu goes half off. Its a great way for you to get a late night bite after studying 2 blocks away in hillman or in the cathedral. Their pizzas are great too. With all of their food they use great ingredients which comes out in their food. i would recommend this to all
4	I've never gone to F&F for late-night, which is when the line can stretch out the door. However, the lunch menu is reasonably priced and the pizzas are amazing - some of my favorite anywhere.Also, F&F has a wide selection of beer, and even has a beer bible where you can fill out the beers you've tried.
4	I've never been to F&F for the late night half price food but have been there a couple times for dinner and drinks. The beer selection is awesome. I personally love the fire-baked brie which comes out nice and warm and has honey drizzled all over it. When you cut the breading, the cheese just melts out. I'm a big fan of the Porky's Revenge Pizza and the Filler Up pizza.  The burgers are decent and I usually get the sweet potato fries with them because they are so much better than regular fries. Overall, a good place to eat. If you do want to go for half price late night special, make sure you get there early because there is usually a line outside.
4	Great selection of beers to begin with. The wings, sweet potato fries are awesome. We had to order extra after we finished our main entrees. The hog heaven pull pork sandwich is really good too. Only complain i had was the chipotle polka pierogies came soaked in grease. The place is a little loud but the atmosphere is fun! Typical college crowd. Best of all most of the items on the food menu are half off after 11 pm!
3	Meh.  This place really doesn't have anything great going for it.  The food is OK, but with Uncle Sams, Mad Mex, and other great spots only a stones throw away, I don't really see the appeal of this place.  Apparently the local beers and waffle fries are good, but I had to go for the Yingling.
4	Come after 11pm to get half price on almost everything on the menu.
5	Go after 11pm for the half priced food and experience one of the best bar-food menus in Pittsburgh. The sweet-potato fries are the best I've ever had, the pizzas are always good, and the sandwiches are big. When I go I mostly order off of the appetizer menu.  Never had a bad time here, but if you aren't there at 11pm then expect a wait of up to 40 minutes. I've had some people be skeptical when I've said it's worth the wait, but I've never had a complaint once the food came. Also it isn't very expensive before the half-off, so I've been here many times during the day - you just feel kind of bad that you could be getting it for so much less
2	Had salad one day for lunch while visiting Pittsburgh. Decent enough and the vegetables were fresh, but waaaayy too much dressing (get it on the side). If it's cold, try the chili.
3	I used to frequent this establishment all the time, before loud & obnoxious college students began to annoy me that is. The beer selection is great and almost everything i've eaten has been good. But be warned that most things that go into that woodfire oven tend to come out burnt. Keeping that in mind I usually got the veghead sandwich with a side of sweet potato fries. The sammie is served on a very thick bun, I like bread so it didn't really bother me. If you're watching your carbs you can get it downsized to a wrap instead. It's almost impossible to get in after dinner hours because of the half off deals, you'll have about an hour wait any evening of the week - outside, in the cold. The food is good but it's not THAT good.Ps - sorry for hating on the youngsters, I have embraced the fact that im just getting too old.
3	I went during the lunch rush, but it was waaaayyyyyyyy too loud for me.  I had a guacamole themed salad, but instead of actual guacamole it had this weird thin spicy guacamole style dressing, which made me sad.
4	I am an out of town-er visiting the area, and stopped in here for a bite at lunch.  The food was good, the Chipotle Polka appetizer was very spicy but delicious.  I am not one to continue eating something if my mouth is burning, but those mini pierogies were tasty!  My sandwich was good, the veg head.  It wasn't anything overly special though.  I took a bite of my man's rosemary chicken sandwich and that was very good.  The best part, they give you half sweet potato fries half regular fries... you get the best of both worlds... the sweet potato fries were fried perfectly to a nice crispiness.  Not soggy at all and bursting with sweetness.  We went around 1:30 PM on a Monday and it wasn't to crowded.  The service was decent, the atmosphere was calm, and the prices were suitable for the amount of food you get (I still have 2/3 of my sandwich and half the fries in the fridge now).  Good place!
4	Disguised as a wood stove restaurant, Fuel and Fuddle also serves as a beer lover's emporium. As an undergrad student at the University of Pittsburgh I often would head over to Fuel and Fuddle during the late night hours for its unique takes on classic American cuisine. But it wasn't until I took a seat at the small bar in the corner that I realized I was in a place that was so much more than just a good place to eat.The beer selection is amazing, literally hundreds of brews to choose from including pale ales, porters, IPAs, stouts, you name it and Fuel and Fuddle has it. On the wall behind the bar hangs the names of people who have at least tried 100 different beers. I even saw a plaque celebrating a patron who tried 1000 different beers. Count that. 1000 beers. That's pretty impressive.Around ten beers are on tap, each one is a different style giving the beer lover a great number of options to choose from. If the draft beers don't fancy your tastes then you'll surely find a beer you love in the selection of over 500 bottled beers in stock.For its selection of unique beers, Fuel and Fuddle's prices are varied. Draft domestics are as cheap as $2.00, but some of the rare micro-brews and import bottles can be upwards of $10, so if you are drinking on a budget it might be in your interest to check the price with the bartender before you order.If you are looking for rowdy drunken foolery Fuel and Fuddle is not your place. The bar area is entirely too small for anything than merely drinking. Furthermore, if you are trying to find a place to watch a game Fuel and Fuddle isn't really suited for that either. The TV's are small and positioned at awkward angles coupled with the noise level from the restaurant makes it impossible to hear any of the commentary.Fuel and Fuddle is best suited as a kick off to a night or a place to get a couple drinks after dinner. For a beer lover, the selection is unmatched anywhere in Oakland and can compete with any place in the city. For it's beer selection I recommend this bar to beer-lovers passing through Oakland.
2	It's basically a loud, dimly-lit sports bar that serves cheap, greasy 1/2 finger food after 11pm. Nothing really stood out and, again, the food was really greasy. Meh. Go if you have midnight munchies and you want cheap food.
1	My husband and I went to Fuel and Fuddle based purely on the fact that it was open late and we were starving after our movie.  The thought that first struck me when I arrived was that the floor was covered in trash; dirty napkins, straws, french fries, and who knows what else.  We were seated at a small table and the backs of the booth seats were cinder blocks--not comfortable at all.  Then we were handed sticky menus, which prompted the use of hand sanitizer after handling.  When I asked the waitress for recommendations she basically said everything on the menu was great (definitely hard to believe).  As for the food, my husband ordered a margheritta pizza, which came out burnt to a crisp on one side but otherwise was fairly good.  I ordered the nachos, which were covered in burnt cheese, huge chunks of unripe tomatoes, a few black olives and half a carton of sour cream.  Both entrees looked very unappealing; I ate about four nachos before pushing the plate aside.  Out of the entire disastrous evening, the service gets the prize for very worst.  After the food arrived we never saw our waitress again and waited twenty minutes for our check.  My husband finally had to get up to look for her and found her texting in the back.  We ended up not leaving a tip, a definite first for us.  If your looking for a late night bite to eat, do yourself a favor and go across the street to Primanti Brothers.
4	Decent bar food when sober, absolutely revelatory when not.Appetizers tend to be good and filling. Chicken wings are sizable and the seasonings are unique. Everything really benefits from treatment in the live fire. Nachos are excessively cheesy but benefit from wood firing, as does the quesadilla. The optional chicken chili on both of these dishes is hearty and smoky.Main courses are a bit of a mixed bag. All the pizzas are delicious, as the oven imparts a nice char and crispness to the crust. Sandwiches are disappointing, as the bread they serve everything on is far too doughy and chewy without much crust to speak of. Burgers suffer from a lack of seasoning and inspired toppings. Fries are overhyped, both Uncle Sam's and Joe Mama's on the same street offer far superior versions. The sweet potato fries are decent, but again overhyped. Steer clear of the big plates, every time I've ordered one I wished I got a pizza instead.Desserts are wonderful, but let's be honest, when aren't they?Don't miss the great beer selection. House brown and pale ale are always on tap and fairly good, other than these they keep 8 others rotating draughts. The bottle list is gargantuan, there's bound to be something for everyone.Atmosphere is LOUD and service isn't always on par. But hey it's a college spot, what do you expect?In short don't miss the apps, wood fired pizzas, and great beer list. Avoid the bland sandwich offerings and big plates.
4	I will always remember this restaurant fondly because it started my love affair of sweet potato fries.  They would mix the sweet and regular fries together and let me tell you, the regular fries were sorely neglected every time!  Funny thing is, this place is such a college-y hang out, but it's actually a really great place to grab food in Oakland.  Plus, the over 21 crowd can enjoy the great beer selections they have on tap here.  I LOVE places with a wide selections of beers on tap!  For some reason beer just tastes so.much.better out of a tap!All the wood grilled selections are fantastic! For apps....3 words: Fire Baked Brie.  3 more words: TO DIE FOR!  I've also always been a fan of the individual pizza's and the Sierra Grilled Chicken Salad for the lighter side (of me!).  The sammie's are also very good.  I'm always into a good Portobello option, and the sandwich is fantastic with light balsamic drizzled on top.  Annnnnnnd bargain time for poor hungry college students and people who still act like poor hungry college students (maybe me).  It's half price food after 11 PM.  I may not have went to school in Oakland, but we would stuff ourselves (literally sometimes 7 people) into one tiny car to have some late night bites.  Seriously, there's a lot I do for food and being squished inside a car for a 10 minute drive is totally worth it here!
4	Have had their food before, but not recently.  We ordered their food through "Wheel Deliver" and it was as good as I remember.  The Psychedelic - portobello mushroom sandwich with sweet potato fries was excellent.  Everyone at lunch enjoyed their food.
4	This is a great restaurant for what it is - bar food, but bar food done right.  The brick oven pizzas are exceptional and the menu contains a few unique topping options - see the "smashed potato" pizza.  The sandwiches and burgers all come on delicious twist rolls made by a local bakery.  The wings a crispy and drowned in a number of spicy sauces.  The half price menu after 11pm is worth showing up early and waiting for, but occasionally you get what you pay for (wings lacking on sauce, etc.).The beer list is what really shines here.  With over 100 bottles and around 10 rotating draft selections, there's always something new to try.  You can even join their beer cult, try all 100 brews in their beer bible and get your name up on the wall.  The cult's motto - shut up and drink.
3	I would never, for any reason, eat here during the school year (mid-August until May). The food is just not THAT good, if you know what I mean. The place is also small, with too many small jammed together tables and is pretty loud, even in the summer in the afternoon.  That said, I have eaten here several times and the food has always been fine. I usually get the rosemary chicken or campfire steak and potatoes salad. Those have both been consistently good. My husband usually gets one of the chicken wraps - and they have also been decent. They give you a mix of russet and sweet potato fries -- if you get them when they just come out of the fryer, both are pretty good. But we have also gotten some cold, stale ones. They still don't taste horrible, but you won't be raving about them. We totally skip appetizers here, they are small and over priced. Two small-medium sized vegetable egg rolls cut in half for 7.00 dollars seems a bit insane, especially since you can get ones that are a superior quality (less oily and the filling isn't mush) right around the corner for 1.25 a piece. Next would be service - honest, it's probably the reason why we don't come here more often. Your order is taken quick and the food always comes reasonably fast, but on more than one occasion our server has never came back until she (we've never had a male server) drops the check off. We usually tip around 20% for good service, this place we consistently tip less.  Servers and hostesses have a tendency to gather near the back toward the hallway to the restrooms -- talking to one another or using their cell phones.
5	Fuel & Fuddle has consistently remained on my list of Pittsburgh-restaurants-I-will-randomly-crave for the better part of 10 years.I started coming here, as all Pitt students do, freshman year, for the luxury of half-price food after 11, and the chance to use our Pitt bucks (which I know have since taken on a different name - the dining dollars on your ID card that let you in to places other than campus eateries).  They could accommodate a group of us without a problem, and I can't think of an occasion where the service has been bad.I am also a huge, HUGE fan of their brunches.  These are easily the cheapest brunches in the city, with no plates over $8, which includes the cost of your bottomless cup of coffee.  They have breakfast pizza, the best breakfast sandwich in Pittsburgh (the sausage eggstasy sandwich, with two sausage patties, scrambled eggs, cheese, and a lovely bun), and something cleverly titled the 'hangover helper,' which has all the breakfast meat you could ask for, plus beer-battered pancakes.  (PS, it's not just for hangovers, it's also enjoyable post-half-marathon, as we discovered this May!)The prices at Fuel & Fuddle are so reasonable, even before half-price time starts, and they've stayed pretty much the same since I first started going back in 2001.  They have a great beer selection, if you're into that sort of thing (they even have a beer club where you can attempt to drink 100+ different varieties for a chance at having your name on a little plaque on the wall).I highly recommend the nachos - this is the thing that brings us back late at night many a time.  They're baked in the brick ovens with real cheese melted right on top, and big chunks of juicy tomatoes strewn throughout.  You can even add chili to the nachos for a little more bite!Other great menu items include the pizzas (also baked in the brick ovens, and personal-sized, although you may have a piece or two left to take home with you) and the grilled psychedelic, their portabella mushroom sandwich.  The dive diner fries are crispy, perfectly-seasoned waffle fries, and they come on a plate big enough to feed the full party at your table.Some notes: during the school year (Sept - beginning of May), crowds can be bad at half-price.  If you're over 21, my advice is to get there shortly before (they won't seat anyone for just half-price until 11 itself) and order your drink.  The awesome waitstaff will wait to put your food order in until the clock hits 11, and then you won't be so pressed to find a seat.There is a small section of the menu that is not half-price, but it's clearly labeled so you're aware.  Brunch is 11-2 on Sundays, and on Steeler game days especially, it can get crowded.  We always try to get there just after 11 to get a table.Downstairs, they have a large seating section that can accommodate groups.  I hosted the NaNoWriMo kick-off party there one year, and they put up with us bringing our laptops while enjoying our brunch.  Just call in advance if you know you're having a huge party (I know Pitt has also hosted writing program reading events here from time to time).Parking is the only truly chancey thing about this place, but they're right on a bus line, and if you live in Oakland or the surrounding areas, just walk over.  You're guaranteed to want to eat a lot, so mightaswell get your exercise in ahead of time :)
3	What is a fuddle? Nobody knows.  I hate the name of this place.  It sounds sooooo dumb.  They should re-name it something less dumb-sounding.I used to call it "That loud place," because I couldn't remember what it's called, and it's really really loud inside.  Aside from that stuff, though, the experience here is pretty good.  The food quality's pretty decent, the service is usually quick.  A friend of mine swears by the nachos, enough so that he generally won't order them from anywhere else.  If you don't mind loud (and if you're in Oakland, you better get used to it,) Fuel and Fuddle is just fine.  Except the name.  The name's really stupid.
3	The only reason you should ever come here is for their pizzas after 11PM.
3	As a Pitt grad, Fuel and Fuddle has always been one of  my staples.  It may not be the best restaurant in Oakland but they have a great selection of food and beers and they served sweet potato fries long before they were popular.  My favorite item on the menu is the smashed potato pizza.  Who knew that mashed potatoes, chicken, ranch, lettuce and tomato on a pizza could be so tasty?   I was dubious at first but there is something about it that works so well.  I'd recommend any of the brick oven pizzas.  If you're there after 11PM, food is half off but it gets really crowded at that time especially during the School year.   If you come just for drinks, you'll find that the bar area is pretty small.  They also have a downstairs area that can accomodate larger groups .
5	I miss Fuel like theDesert misses the rain. NoEmo: just the truth*. *One of the best bloody marys in the WORLD(b)
3	Neat restaurant.  Lot of choices.  I got today's special and they burned it.I did not complain b/c I had to get back to work.I'll go back but will think twice about what I order.
3	HALF price food after eleven... what else is there to say?
4	In town for a wedding. Rollafatty was ok - didn't actually see/taste any pepperoni. Naked truth pizza and a house salad (with roquefort) for main course was great. Apple thing for dessert was huge. Like a pizza with 3 scoops of ice cream. Solid beer selection. Sandwiches all looked really good. People next to us had buffalo chicken dip - smelled horrible, but looked interesting.
3	I think I've only gone once during non-half-off hours in my four years in Pittsburgh because my general opinion of Fuel & Fuddle is meh.  It's meh as in nothing to wow me, but not at all a bad-meh as I have gone pretty frequently during half-off hours.  Located right off of Pitt campus, you really can't beat a decent $5 meal.  For half-off on most nights, do expect to wait 15 minutes for a table and 30 minutes for your plate.The food is okay.  It's basically average all-American food, although some dishes just aren't well made.  I remember I once ordered a salad dish with guacamole...couldn't finish it because I couldn't ask for water refill fast enough to wash down the over-abundance of flavor...  Then there was a chicken wrap that featured really charred chicken pieces that didn't taste too great and was WAAY too salty.  BUT I know that the potato fries are pretty good and some of their weird pizzas are pretty tasty...  Also, most plates have a good amount of food.  Yay American sizing =)Overall, I recommend it especially if you're in college.  It has a college atmosphere and helps you stay on a budget.  And really, the food is SOLID to GOOD.
4	I had the steak burger ($9) and it was quite good. They actually made it medium rare (I've had trouble getting anything rarer than medium in Pittsburgh when I order medium rare). It comes on a long soft, roll- it's definitely different, but palatable nonetheless. The burger had a nice char on the outside and was still juicy on the inside. It came with a mix of regular fries and sweet potato and those were a nice touch. I had a brown ale of sorts ($4.50) and it was not too malty and not too heavy. Service was quick and the staff was helpful.
4	Cool little place hidden away in Oakland.  Great place for a few drinks and apps.  If your a vegiterian this is a great spot.
3	Okey.
3	I love this place mostly because I used to live on the same street Oakland ave and that they have late night halfsies.  I adore their baked brie dish that comes with honey, sliced apples and is dusted with confectioner's sugar, the price of $3.75 during late night is pretty much perfect.  I find most of their dishes to be just okay hence the 3 star rating.  But it is a deal that you can't beat and they do have a wide selection of beers, the best anywhere in oakland i believe.  Its a perfect place for college students without a lot of cash, but sometimes I wonder how they make money when most of their customers can't even drink.  There is always a long wait at the beginning of late night at 11pm and also beef and fish are exempt from their half off deal.  Another dish I always go to is their chicken or veggie quesadilla.  I'm surprised that I haven't tried all of their dishes by now, their pizza is mediocre as well.  If you end up here on any day the baked brie appetizer is the dish to check out, its the dish that sticks out like a sore thumb on their menu and it willl blow you away for the price, they would charge 15 bucks or more in ny for a similar dish.  their sweet potato fries are ok, the plus is that there is no upcharge for them, at least as of the last time i went i believe.
2	I loved this place: amazing pizzas, great drinks, good atmosphere. Until I experienced an incident involving a mouse. We had paid our bill and were just waiting to leave when a mouse suddenly scurried across the window sill above our booth and across to where my friends were sitting. We all flew up and out of the booth in reaction to this. Our waitress came over to ask what happened and we told her. Her reaction was slow. She casually walked back to get the manager. All he did was say he was sorry. No refund or anything was offered and I felt like I was being interrogated to find out where the mouse was. This was the worst experience ever at what used to be one of my favorite places to go and I will never return.
4	Whenever you have a spot to run to with a nice selection of beer, good food and a decent atmosphere, you have to keep going. A friend of mine is or was a regular at this spot, and when a friend was celebrating being something over 30, he took over the basement for Jeopardy and I hate to say it, but I ran that mother and my team was in the lead the whole time. But wait! There's more... they had some very impressive grub, and the waitress kept her cool even though she was weaving in and out of a very thirsty crowd of about 20 members of this private party. She kept her cool, and hats off to her. I mosied on up the stairs to see what was happening above ground, and it was pretty good. I think they might become a part of my regular stop-throughs when I am in town.
4	Great food and great atmosphere. The location is sort of hidden if you generally don't go down the side streets of Oakland, but it's right behind Joe Mammas. Downside is that the place is small, so go early if it's a Friday or Saturday. "Rolla Fatty", their pepperoni roll, is awesome. Tons of dough and cheese.
3	An impressive beer selection and purely average bar food round out Fuel and Fuddle's offerings.  Most dining options--from burgers to brunch--cap out at mediocre.  But with a hundred beers to choose from, this place still earns three stars.  If you're not up for drinking, however, you can find much better options.
3	Draft beer was great, but the food needs improvement.
2	I ordered delivery a few months ago. Their sandwich and fries were good but the pizza was COMPLETELY BURNT TO THE PINT WHERE IT WAS INEDIBLE.
3	Very good food, pretty poor service.  Atmosphere is nice, but not amazing.  A solid choice in restaurant.
3	Beer was cold. That is about all I got
5	This is by far my favorite restaurant in the area!The servers are always pleasant and quick. The food always comes hot. The beer comes cold. Their menu is entertaining and there's something for everyone.My favorite is the Grilled Psychedelic sandwich. It's a portobello mushroom sandwich and is always very good. Their wings are great too! And they also have the option of getting sweet potato fries with your food!The atmosphere is spectacular - always fun and lively - and after 11:00 P.M. the food is half price! I really do love this place.
4	Great bar food and awesome beer selection.  This place is by far my favorite spot in Oakland.  The wood fired pizzas are super tasty and not a single thing on their menu comes from a freezer packet. It can be a little loud at times but that's to be expected from a place in the middle of a college campus.
4	Absolutely AWESOME place to go for late night. Bar is great, and the menu for late night is fantastic. They literally have everything that you can imagine...I always get the psychedelic wrap with the portabella mushrooms. Wish that the fries were half off at late night too. The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because the wait is impossibly long at night...wish they were better with moving people along.
4	This is one of the few locations in Oakland that, at the very least appears, to be able to pass a sanitation inspection in my native county. The cleanliness along with upbeat college environment makes it a spot that I enjoy going to eat at as opposed to ordering takeout.Fuel & Fuddle also has a wide selection of beers and has some pretty sweet late night deals (I think half off). The menu is also quite extensive featuring a mix of finger and utensil food. The quality of the items does seems to be consistent as I've been satisfied with all the entrees that I've tried so far with my favorite being the fish sandwich.
4	If you're a beer lover, then you will LOVE this place. Not only is their beer selective expansive, it is also top notch. Just about every time I visit I order something new to try with the help of their knowledgeable bartenders. It's dark and gives off a bit of a moody feel, but that is awesome when it is crazy hot outside and you're trying to escape the sun's death rays. So far the food has been sort of hit-or-miss for me. The first time I visited, even though I was definitely having a good time, I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and took about two bites. It was terrible. Even the waitress admitted that it definitely was not one she liked, and she was nice enough to take it off the bill for me, though I did not ask. Their meatloaf is killer, and I highly recommend ordering it with a side of sweet potato fries. In fact, if you aren't very hungry you should order a half-and-half mix of their regular and sweet potato fries. The fries are soooo good here. I wonder how many times I can put fries into this one paragraph ...I have also had a few of their pizzas and only had one bad experience: their margherita pizza. I'm pretty sure it was just the cook that particular visit, but it was just awful. Not just flavor-wise, though it was more of a cheese pizza than a margherita. I picked up a slice and all of my toppings fell through the back. No joke. The bottom of the entire pizza was so soggy, it couldn't hold together. Which also makes for an unpleasant experience in your mouth, in case you were unaware.All in all, I would recommend a visit to Fuel & Fuddle if you are in the area. Be careful in regards to parking - finding a space on the street is usually impossible and a quarter will only get you 7 & 1/2 minutes in the meter.
4	One of my favorite late-night spots in Pittsburgh. Great selection of American fare and DELICIOUS appetizers. Half-off 11pm-1am, you can't beat it. (Make sure you come early to get your name on the list before the late night rush.) Some musts: Zen Wraps, any of the pizzas (minus the margarita which I found to be pretty disappointing for a basic), and the sweet potato fries!!! You can ask for sweet potato fries only instead of the mix that usually comes on the side of the entrees. Sandwiches are good... especially the braided bread they come on but I'm usually more satisfied after ordering multiple appetizers or pizza (also try the baked brie if you like cheese). Salads are a hit or miss depending on when you order them. Their honey mustard is pretty darn good.
4	Cool atmosphere... Great Greek salad... and awesome chili... Huge servings... Had to get to go bags which for me is rare.
4	Fuel and fuddle is always a great place to eat.  We went there after we saw the wait at Pamela's Diner.  But we weren't disappointed in our second choice.   They had Great Lakes Christmas Ale on draft which is amazing!  There were five of us and we we were seated right away.  Our server was very nice and attentive.  Our table ordered the smashed potato pizza, buffalo chicken pizza, and BBQ chicken pizza.  The smashed potato and buffalo chicken were amazing but the BBQ was disappointing.  However, the other food, atmosphere, and beer choice were excellent!
5	This is where I had my first sweet potato fries. The brick oven pizzas are great. The service is good. I had a friend drop half a quesadilla on the floor. We asked the waitress for some napkins. After she gave them to us, she came back with half of a quesadilla. They have some interesting beers. I'm not a beer guy, but you might be. I will return to this place.
4	Great place to go for food anytime of the day or night.  Their pizzas are really great and have many different unique kinds like the "smashed potato pizza"For this past trip I only went to drink, but that is okay because they have many many kinds of beer.  I found out that they now also have two different kinds of house beer on tap.  I tried the brown ale and thought it was pretty good.
4	A staple on my Pittsburgh food rotation, especially when I lived in Oakland. It would get 3 stars if it wasn't for their half-price late night special which brings the food to a price that is so ridiculously cheap that it feels almost wrong. Plus a great beer selection--I loooove their house Fire Brick Brown Ale, brewed by Smuttynose.Favorite things on the menu: Wings (seriously addictive bleu cheese, but unfortunately no celery), amazing sweet potato fries, and the Chipotle Polka--spicy mini-pierogies loaded with cheese, bacon, carmelized onions, and sour cream.Avoid: The burgers are terrible, which is weird since they share ownership with Burgatory. Also not a fan of the too-sweet pizza dough.Go before the half-price special starts at 11pm to put your name in for a table, or be prepared for a loooooong wait among lots of undergrads.
4	Never have I been disappointed by the food. Awesome pasta selection, and in house drinks.
1	Avoid! Now I know why all of the positive reviews said great late night place. You need to have a drunken buzz to enjoy the food. We were 0 for 4 on dinners. BBQ chicken pizza crust was burned and lacked flavor. The pulled pork was dried out, tough and lacked taste. Buffalo Mac n cheese was too thick tasted like they just dumped Frank's Red Hot Sauce in. Lastly, the jerk chicken was too jerky. Waitress took our order and didn't check on us or offer to get more drinks.
5	Best Pizza's in Oakland!
3	Fuel & Fuddle is known for its beer selection, burgers and brick oven pizzas. Their burgers are generally served on really nice Kaiser rolls that are plush like pillows and the sweet potato fries are quite excellent. Their pizzas are also some of the best around in Oakland. The beer selection is quite diverse although rather overpriced.For larger parties, there is an area downstairs with a couple of televisions tuned to sport channels (although your experience with service will suffer). Unfortunately I don't think I can rank this otherwise fine establishment any higher due to its inconsistent service. There has been too many times when it has been difficult getting a check or the attention of the staff. I attribute this to poor training compounded by the flaws of my generation.
2	Food was meh...service was decent. Torn between a 2-3...opted for two since I couldnt even finish my meal.If youre int he area and looking for a late night bite...try mad mex's instead.
5	I am staying in Pittsburgh for a month, and after going to many of the restaurants in the area, this is by far my favorite.  I ordered their Buffalo Burger, which was absolutely great.  I am normally not a fan of sweet potato fries but theirs were really good.  Their beer selection is large, which was great for me (normally I cannot find the Hoffbrau Dunkel at most restaurants).  I will definitely be going back there, probably getting one of their pizzas when I am done writing this review.
4	This was the first time I'd ever set foot in Fuel & Fuddle, being of the 'older' generation, who tends to steer clear of college haunts...but I'd had their food before, compliments of Wheel Deliver, in the non-20-something safety of my home. The food that I'd had had frankly been somewhat impressive, even for delivery, which I'm discovering in da burgh, tends to lean toward the 'let's skimp a bit' side. It was last summer, so I can't remember everything we'd ordered, but I do recall a pasta dish with seafood that was actually a healthy portion, as well as very creamy and tasty, with some nice plump shrimp.So this past weekend, with an old high school friend in from out of town, after already having eaten a big lunch, then sitting through a movie, we were peckish at the dinner hour. We initially wanted to try the Conflict Kitchen, but they were closed on a Sunday for the dinner hour, so we drove a few blocks over and started to hunt, and I thought 'Hey, let's give Fuel & Fuddle a physical try!'.We were met at the door by an absolutely delightful young gal named 'Morgan', who was not only greeting us at the door, but she was actually there to OPEN the door for us. She took us to a table, gave us our menus, and returned in mere moments to take our drink order - Coke products - thank GOODNESS - our lunch choice, a Mexican restaurant, only had Pepsi (or Pessi, as they put it) products, and by dinner I was seriously Jonesing for a DC. Morgan assured me that she'd keep the glass full and she did.Since we weren't up for a full meal, the decision was made by my friend, after minimal suggestion, that dinner needed to be WINGS and CHOCOLATE. So we split an order of Garlic Parmesan wings, and then split a Big Assed Brownie. The wings were very good, plump and juicy and flavorful, served with Ranch Dressing, and the ten of them sated our small appetites just fine. However, Morgan was a trooper, and the kitchen was extremely accommodating when I asked a special favor. When we'd ordered for delivery, I had been dying of curiosity about their Alligator Stew. I'd had my Gator Bites when living in Florida, but had never had gator meat in a stew. Every time we ordered, they ended up being out of the stew, so I'd never gotten to try it. Now, we were in no position to devour a full meal, but I still wanted to try it. So I asked if they might be willing to part with just a sample for future reference, IF they had any. Morgan checked, and the kitchen obliged with a small bowl of the mashed potatoes covered with a small sampling of the gator stew. It also has chicken and sausage in it, but they were easily recognized. The gator was tender and flavorful as well. Morgan said she'd never try it. I may have convinced her to step out of the black and gold box and take one bite...to expand her horizons. The stew really is very good. And come on...like everything else that people think is too weird to try...tastes like chicken. Well, ok, not really. It tastes more like pork with the texture of soft ground beef.Next up came the dessert. Cindy ate the one of the brownies and a few bites of the ice cream, and took the second brownie home, and I just picked at the ice cream. It was perfectly fine for what it was. A big assed brownie with ice cream, walnuts and chocolate sauce. The crowd WAS very young, and had it been packed with this age group, I probably would have opted to move on, but being that it was summer and a Sunday, it was not packed, and therefor tolerable.Morgan thanked us profusely for being so nice, to the point that I can only imagine what she might go through with her 'regular' crowd. And that would be the crowd I'd try to avoid.But for an off-season evening, it was a very pleasant experience. The food was good, the atmosphere pleasant, the service perfect, and the price was decent.And they definitely have a few variations on the menu that I'd like to go back and try when I'm up for an actual dinner.There was no Fuddle, but plenty of Fuel.Good job, and thank you Morgan.
2	This is definitely a college student geared restaurant. So if you like that kind of environment then yes, this is the place for you.  I personally wasn't impressed by the waitstaff, atmosphere, or the food for that matter. I had the portobello mushroom sandwich and asked myself what it was.  The sandwich had nothing of substance besides the huge roll of bread it came on. I took off the singular shriveled piece of lettuce that came with the blackened burger and ate my sweet potato fries instead.  Now, that is something that you should go for! The sweet potato fries are perfectly crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. They aren't dripping with oil like other places so I don't feel like a total glutton. I remember coming here my freshman year for their half off and ordering their famous mashed potato pizza.  It was a good time, I tried ordering it again when my friend invited me for dinner and couldn't finish the darn thing.
4	GOOD LAWD! This place is a college MIRACLE! It's like, an oasis in a desert for the Carnegie Mellon and U. Pittsburgh college kids! HALF OFF (almost) all food! With the exception of seafood, steaks, or alcohol but who CARES?! Even during the summer session, this place was bustling! I went here almost every night for the first few weeks until I discovered the word "moderation" .. needless to say, awesome.Oh and their humorous blackboard on the right side when you walk in the door got me my first time. Ho ho ho - you so funny, Fuel & Fuddle.
4	Having eaten here several times, I was unsure between 3 and 4 stars as some visits/meals were better than others. Pretty solid fare, bar food type. Not the best atmosphere inside - kind of dark, gets a bit loud, still enjoyable though.Highly Recommended:Buffalo Chicken Mac & Cheese Skinny Dip (Buffalo Chicken Dip with Chips)Hog Heaven, especially because of the side horseradish sauce.Russet/Sweet Potato Fry MixAverage:Rosemary's BreastBurgerSalads (in general)They are known for having great pizzas, but I've only ever had a bite here and there.Half price after 11 is always super crowded.Good happy hour beer prices.When getting takeout, I do feel the portions are smaller.
3	Coming from Jacksonville, FL we had heard this was a comparable spot to some of the bars in our King Street district. F&F was small, with only 10 beers on draft. I had expected at least a dozen or two beers.It has a nice vibe and we sat up at the bar, but it's really nothing special. It's fine to stop in if you're nearby for a cold beer but don't go out of your way.
3	Came here for beer with the co-residents after giving a physics lecture earlier in the day.  Food (7.5/10) = Got the meatball pizza.  Definitely enjoyed the thin crust pizza.  But getting to business, I came here to chill with friends and for beer.  Fuel and Fuddle has a great beer selection.  What surprised me, was that they carried Abita, which is something I haven't seen since leaving Louisiana two years ago.  Great beer, indeed.  Happy hour is from 16:00-18:00. Ambiance (7.5/10) = Didn't really pay attention to the place actually.  Was just enjoying the beer and hanging with the co-res.  Service (8.5/10) = Our waitress was great and attentive.  Checked on our table frequently to see if we needed anything, but not at the high frequency of being annoying.  Overall opinion = will come back to this place for sure for the next 4 years to decompress with their great beer selection.  I only wish that they extend their happy hours to 19:00.
4	This has been a go to place for me since college.  I haven't been in a while and heard they added some new menu items. This place never disappoints as the service is quick and the food always tasty.  This is also the place to go if you are looking for a unique beer to try as they always have a great selection of drafts. I went with the Blue Point Pumpkin which is one of the better pumpkin beers.  The pizzas are always a good choice as they are baked in a fire brick oven. It was between the smashed potato (highly recommend) which I always get and the flying buffalo. I went with the flying buffalo which was topped with pieces of wings, celery and blue cheese. Delicious!  Also a neat thing about this restaurant is they give you a fortune cookie with your bill. I foresee another great dinner at Fuel very soon!
5	Fuel and Fuddle never ever disappoints.  Nestled in the urban campus of the University of Pittsburgh, this unpretentious place serves great food, and boasts a down to earth staff that consistently provides great service.  I especially love the pizza, the nachos (with chicken chili), and the "Goin' cold turkey" sandwich made with actual real turkey.  Imagine that!  It's a great place that makes you feel young, even if you aren't.  A great selection of beer is yet another reason why I keep coming back to Fuel &Fuddle.  Hungry and don't know where to go?  Run, don't walk, to Fuel & Fuddle.  Do it.  NOW.
5	This is without a doubt my favorite restaurant in Oakland.  There's tons of variety, great apps, and a decent beer selection.  This place is definitely more restaurant than bar, but the food does not disappoint.  Casual food at great prices--you can't go wrong! PS. Go with the nachos!
3	I've been here before and it's been fantastic... however today they had an off day... my holy guacamole salad (normally bomb) had way too much dressing on it and the burger was burnt.The server we had (I won't put her name on the internet because that's mean) forgot to mention to the cook no tomatoes and mayo on my girlfriend's wrap. I had to ask three times for my beer and, lastly, she asked if we wanted our appetizer before our meal... hmmmm yes of course haha...Should be two stars... three because we got a fortune cookie lol
4	One things I miss about being a college student in Pittsburgh is this place. It's hard to find any other city where you get half price and delicious food in large quantities this late at night.Late night starts from 11pm-1am when the kitchen closes. During this time, mostly everything is half off except for some of the big platters, seafood dishes, and drinks.Recommendations:Wings - messy but so good, I always go with the standard buffalo but the other flavors are great too, wings are large, crispy, and juicy.Dip sticks - Definitely pay that $1 extra and add the mozz. Great rosemary flatbread and marinara sauce. Cheese makes it even better.Roll-a-fatty - Kind of like a calzone but better because it's half off and you get extra marinara sauce to dip.Pizzas - A little bigger than a personal pan, but easily finished by one person. I like the Classic Maggie and all the ones with lots of MEAT. My friends always get the Smashed Potato, but I've never liked it since it tastes likes salad on a pizza.I've never been here not during late night so no idea how it is during normal hours, but it's always been crowded every time I've been here.It's especially crowded on Thurs-Sat. because of all the college students. Don't be surprised with up to an hour's wait. Best time to go though is to get there either around 10:30pm to wait in line for late night to begin, or around 12-12:30pm right before their kitchen closes.
4	I've been coming here for about 13 years at this point, so it's probably time to share how I feel about it!The menu is great, with something for pretty much everyone. (Especially when you come in after 11pm, at which point nearly everything becomes half-price!) The beer selection is even better. And on Sundays, they have one of my favorite brunches in town. The "sausage egg-stacy sandwich," with its Breadworks roll and gooey provolone, is my personal Kryptonite. (If Superman couldn't stop eating Kryptonite -- so maybe it's more like my personal crack.)The service can be a little hit and miss -- partly this is because the servers are all quite young and this is a super-crowded place, almost all the time, and also partly because it's a college hangout, and sorry to be ageist, but college freshmen tend to gum up the fine-tuned gears of any restaurant they enter. However, from time to time you will also get something a little overcooked from the wood-fire grill. I've had nachos that were a bit scorched in the past, for instance. (95% of the time, though, they totally rule.)All told, this is an absolutely worthy place to have a meal. I thought that at 18, and I think that at 30. (And from an anthropological perspective, it's a damned interesting place to people watch.)
4	Fuel and Fuddle will always hold a steady spot in my heart. The atmosphere is very "college-like"--loud and obnoxious. There is a bar and TV's with the latest sports update. The lighting is kind low and dark, but that sets the mood I guess. I love going here for half off specials (after 11pm). The wait could be kind of long during the weekend for half off, but so worth the wait. Get there a little earlier to secure your seats on the waiting list. This place serves your typical All-American grilled and fried dishes. Oh yeah did I mention half off after 11pm? Let me say it again: HALF OFF AFTER 11pm. As a college student living on a budget, I take advantage of this every weekend. Their portions are huge and with the half off special, you could probably order like THREE dishes for approximately $12. Can't beat that.  My favorite thing here is their sweet potato fries. I get it every time I'm at Fuel and Fuddle...the crispiness is truly an addiction. Some other favorites: rosemary chicken breast sandwich, cold turkey sandwich, and skinny buffalo dip. The sandwiches and dips are perfect every time. The wings, however, are a hit or miss. The last time I had the wings, they were really dry. Not a huge fan of the wings. Overall, I highly recommend Fuel and Fuddle if you're in the Oakland area late at night and looking for an opportunity to feast like a king with the budget of a peasant.
5	Fuel & Fuddle is one of the major reasons I come back to Pittsburgh. Forget homecomings, reunions, or weddings, the one undeniable reason to visit is Fuel & Fuddle for, of course, late night half-price.As a poor college student, the Fuel & Fuddle 11pm half-price was a saving grace from the mundane university dining options. Not everything on the menu was half price, but most of the good stuff was. The menu is fairly unique, but also familiar and executed very well. There's something here for everyone, including vegans, vegetarians, girls who just don't eat that much, bros who eat a ton, and beer snobs. My fraternity brothers and I would come here every Sunday at 10:30pm to put our names in for groups of 10, 20, even reaching 30 on one crazy night. Good food, good conversation, some of the best memories I had in college. The waitresses are always very friendly, and are usually very attentive.I've tried just about everything on the menu, but here are some of my favorites : Goin' Cold Turkey -  HUGE slab of turkey, with a HUGE portion of fries (russet or sweet potato). I usually ask for the garlic mayo on the side to dip both my sandwich and my fries in. Unbeatable.Smashed Potato Pizza - One of the more unique pizzas they had here. A layer of mashed potatoes with ranch, lettuce and bacon. Pretty amazing.Flying Buffalo Pizza - Buffalo wings on a pizza. Enough said. I usually asked for bleu cheese sauce instead of the crumbles they put on for a creamier texture. Swamp Rub Wings - A bit on the salty side, but a pretty unique peppery rub. The wings in general here are all delicious, and are all jumbo sized.Only thing here I would avoid are the wraps. My friends and I ordered them on several occasions and they didn't even come close to comparing to the other sandwiches on the menu.Overall, my many fond memories at F&F might make me biased, but this is one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh, if not the entire country. Count on F&F for great All-American bar food and great times to be had by all.
4	Great sandwiches (meat loaf is best) and pizzas.  Decent Draft list. Probably your best food option in south oakland. You experience will vary depending how jammed it is.
5	How I missed coming here on the regular.  Things happen for a reason and I am happy they happen the way they did.  My time away from being a regular here has made me appreciate it more than before.It's still crowded, it's still small in size, and it's still as loud as can be.  But that does not deter me from entering, as it should not deter you.  The food is just as good as I can remember too.  Even though it had been some time since I dined here, I still ended up getting my old reliable.  The Befuddling Sirloin Burger is still as befuddling as I remember.  The 100 proof bourbon BBQ sauce is just enough on this sandwich that I never need to top it with anything else.  Their burgers are amazing, not a traditional patty in any sense.  It's not round, it's like it was round then they decided to take a rolling pin to it and elongated it.  Good thing they did too, to fit the bun they put it on, it cannot be round.  The bread sometimes puts it over the top and really makes it a gut buster.  Also, I didn't need any other side than their handful of russet and sweet potato fries, a great compliment to a great sandwich.  My friends decided to both have the 1/2 rack ribs.  Smothered in the same BBQ sauce as my burger made it just as mouth watering.  They put all that deliciousness on top of a bed of what looked like grilled veges.  A really nice mixture I am told.  They also top this off with a handful of the mixed fries.The price takes a bit out of the pocket, but it is totally worth it.*a few notes about this place: parking is horrible (read as: be prepared to circle the block, or take the hit to use a garage), best to call ahead to get a table at peak hours or sit at the bar, if you don't want to wait visit one of it's sister eateries right next door, delivery available through Wheel Deliver for a few dollars more.
4	The veggie chili is really yummy. They also have fantastic salads.  Very good happy hour and nice servers.
3	I've been here several times, most recently Nov. of last year.  Fuel and Fuddle is one of those restaurants you go to expecting to have a great time, and that you'll enjoy the food because of that (ahem, Mad Mex).  While the food here is decent, I wouldn't say that it's anything to write home about, in particular.  The smashed potato pizza is pretty good, esp. with rosemary chicken on top, as are the "skinny" dip, nachos, and sweet potato fries.  I really think people come here to drink, more than anything else.  I'm not a beer drinker, so I can't comment on the beer (which is what most people seem to order), but some of their mixed drinks are interesting.  They have one that's mint flavored that I especially enjoy (forget what it's called)--but then again, I'm one of those weirdos who enjoys mint-flavored drinks (cf. my review on Union Pig and Chicken).  Overall, a fun place to come with a group or a few friends to get some drinks and munchies, but don't expect gastropub-quality eats.
2	I'm not a fan. I always leave disappointed.I'm a draft beer drinker. They have a good selection, but everyone seems to at this point.My problem is the food. It is just eh. They have the wood fired oven, which is nice. I guess I don't understand the large crowds. The food is good, but not that good.  I guess I prefer Hemingway's for standard bar food or The Porch for upscale bar food.
4	This will always be my favorite go-to late- night college student food spot! It has a fun, underground vibe, and with half price meals after 11 pm it's perfect for a college student.The best dishes are:- Smashed Potato pizza: It is so good! By far the best thing on the menu. Actually me and my boyfriend like this so much that we've even tried to recreate it! - Skinny dip: Replace the chips for the delicious sweet potato fries! They go really well with this spicy buffalo chicken dip- Turkey wrap: For the days you're not feeling adventurous or want to pretend to be healthy - it's still pretty good though!The wings are good too but I wouldn't try to explore this menu too much after that (the rest of it isn't that great). A lot of the dishes here are pretty hit or miss.A few cons: After 11 pm this place gets ridiculously crowded. If you have more than 4 people in your group you'll be waiting for at least 45 minutes even if you show up 15 minutes before half price time to put your name in for a table. But I suppose time is the price you pay to get your food half price. Also I am not a big fan of the bar - I ordered a drink here once and the bartender took what was nearly double the price of the drink and didn't give me any change assuming it was a tip! I tried to get her attention a few times to no avail.Although I would not come here full price (after paying half-price for so long), this was a great place to hang out with college friends and eat some cool eclectic food!
4	You cant beat the late  night half price! Get the wings! One star taken out because all other food i tried is just ok....
3	This was my first, and possibly last visit to Fuel.The first thing I noticed was the overwhelming smell of bleach/chlorine/Lysol. For a place famous as a late night eat, it was extremely disappointing to be hit with such a disgusting and appetite-killing odor. Where's the smell of freshly fried fries, beautifully cooked burgers, or cheesy baked pizzas? Or even a smell of beer?Being a first timer, the menu was hard to figure out; I had to reference the normal menu for descriptions (which isn't effecting the star rating). But overall the food was okay for the $5 late night menu--I ordered a sierra grilled chicken salad. The chicken was slightly dry but the apple smoked bacon was really good. The rest of my party ordered the pizzas and burgers. Both friends who ordered the Havana burger noted that it tasted like tuna--the description said it was pulled pork, ham, and beef. I still left with a taste of Lysol.
4	Came here for dinner after a particularly disappointing steelers loss. Good service, nice atmosphere. I ordered the Havana burger, modeled after a Cuban sandwich. While my buddy ordered the pulled pork. Both sandwiches came with both regular and sweet potato fries, the sweet potato fries were excellent. We also split the buffalo chicken dip which was the highlight of the meal for me. Not much wrong with this joint. Burger was a little overcooked but not enough to ruin it. Will definitely be back at some point in the future.
2	Very sad to discover that their signature bread and fries are now just like every other bar. I'm glad they were able to stay open, but, these were the things that made it unique. Bummer that they couldn't maintain that standard.
5	I consider myself a burger sommelier lol and I must say that this burger is hands down the best burger in Pittsburgh.
5	We have ate here two years in a row while working in town. It was pretty good. Lots of different beer choices.  Had the pork sandwich and pizza.  Both were good.  Seating is kind of rough it you have more than 4.
5	We were in the Burgh for a mini vacation, ok there on business to see King Diamond! However, we were scared that the place would be a ghost town,past 11:00.We were happily wrong. We stumbled into this place, after a tedious drive, and chowed down on some great grub. No qualms with the food, the party of 6 was happy! That is a rare occurrence!Oh I had a $6.00 dinner, since I got a side salad, a side of veg, and a side of fries. All were satisfactory, and yummy.
3	I used to come here at least once a week when I was still a broke college student-the line begins to form around the block for their half off menu far before 11pm. For the price point of half-off, it is well worth it food quality wise as well to wait until then (if possible) to eat. The mixed fries (sweet and regular) they served with their sandwiches were amazing and the twisted rolls the sandwiches came on were delicious as well. Reading some more recent reviews, however, it looks like both of these items are no longer at Fuel. They have an amazing draft list,lots of craft drafts. They use kitschy names for their entrees-similar to Shiloh or Harris Grill-so you will probably need to read descriptions but don't let that deter you. The pizzas were always my favorite (of course my bf in college worked at Fuel and on the pizza station no less so they were always made extra well for my table). The Smoking hen (bbq chicken pizza) or the flying buffalo (buffalo chicken) would be my recommendations. I used to order the sierra grilled chicken salad often and that was pretty good as well. I would not go out of my way to come here-especially since it's packed the majority of the time-but if you're in oakland and find your stomach grumbling, stop in for a bite and a beer (or two).
3	A nice place to stop in for a beer in Oakland. A drawback for me is that it typically draws the younger college crowds, particularly on the weekends- and it's a relatively smaller place so it gets absolutely packed. And while the beer selection is typically good to very good, I stopped by twice in the last week and they don't have any pumpkin beers on tap! Come on, guys; it's the best time of year for seasonal beer...
3	Fuel & Fuddle is a nice option for lunch or dinner in Oakland.  They have a solid menu that ranges from specialty pizzas to a full out chicken dinner.  Lots of craft beers to choose from as well. Many menu items are cooked in a brick oven in the corner of the restaurant - from the pizzas to the crab cakes - so if you like that style this is your spot.  For pizza I think it is great, for items like the crab cakes, meh, not so much.  Most meals are served with a mix of regular french fries and sweet potato fries.  The prices are a little more than what you'd pay for a typical lunch (plan on about $12-$15 for a meal and a soda) but worth it.It gets crowded FAST and there is limited seating and a small bar.  Larger groups can sit in the basement which offers larger tables with bench seating.  Staff here are attentive and friendly.
4	Cool place.  Lots of beers on tap, though menu didn't really have them right.  Just look at the chalkboard.  Pulled pork sandwich was great.  Of course it is loud, it is packed with people on a Friday night.  And service was great for us.
3	Pretty good food, reasonably priced. Was better when they ran their half off specials after 11pm before renovation, though. Their fries, especially the sweet potato ones, are delish! Can't go wrong with their fire pies (pizzas) either. The Big Azz brownie, literally a brick of chocolate with ice cream, is one of the most sinful things I've had. An Oakland Classic, I would recommend everyone try it at least once!
4	Recently visited for the first time with friends and really enjoyed it. The pierogi appetizer was magnificent, as was my crabby patty sandwich. Lots of choices and everyone liked what they got. Will definitely be back to try new dishes here. Great hours, as well. I like that I can stop for a late dinner when I'm working. Loud!! in the evening.
5	If you live anywhere in Pittsburgh and want a decent cheap meal and good beer selection do yourself a favor and head over to fuel. It's the perfect image of a 'hole in the wall' for Oakland, so it does draw the younger college students, and the seating is usually pretty tight, if you don't mind that you'll be greatly rewarded.
4	Just one word,  Nachos. I am determined to find the best in the Burgh, and this place is on the watch list.  Chicken Chili, fresh jalepenos (they have to be fresh!), sour cream, cheese, sliced black olives.   So good!  My only complaint is no salsa or huac (which I love.) Still they will be in my running to enter best 'chos!  Keep up the good working Fuel, and thanks for refueling me!   (I had to)
4	Ah, Fuel & Fuddle. Fuel & Fuddle was one of my college dining favorites - but since I'm no longer a student, I wondered when I stopped in today if the place would be as good as I remembered. It was - woo!A friend and I came by for dinner after a day at the museums, and as previous Pitt students the noise and collection of young diners didn't surprise us - we just got our seat and raised our voices so we could hear each other as we talked. While looking at the menu I was surprised by how many beers and ciders and whatnot they offered; the last time I ate here I was under 21, so I didn't remember this at all. I saw that the portobello sandwich I'd eaten here previously was still on the menu (ah, good times), but figured it would be nice to try a few other things. So my friend and I each ordered a burger (his made with regular beef, mine a black bean patty) and decided to split their Rollafatty.The Rollafatty appetizer is basically two mini pepperoni rolls, served with a side of sauce. Very greasy, very cheesy, and very yummy - I'm glad I split it, though. Then our main courses came out on that were plates 100% covered by our food. I think the burgers were pretty standard restaurant sized burgers, and the other half of our plates were full with a mix of regular and sweet potato fries. The fries, while a bit salty, were absolutely delicious; so was my black bean burger, the Garden Of Eat'n. I love black bean sandwiches and appetizers in general, and this one was covered in pesto sauce and mixed with other burger toppings - very yummy! I loved what I ate but ultimately left with about a third of my sandwich and most of my fries (plus my friend's - he didn't want them), as neither of us could finish our entire meals. I doubt we could have even if we skipped the Rollafatty appetizer.Graduate or not, I'm definitely still a fan of Fuel & Fuddle - it's not fine dining but it's good pub-restaurant (burgers, sandwiches, pizzas, salads, etc.) and they have a great selection of drinks, and the service is generally really quick given the crowds they bring in. Of course, if you stop in while school's in session you will have to share your eating space with students - so as long as you're ok with that, I recommend stopping in to eat here sometime. The sweet potato fries alone are worth it!
