5	I love this place. Dr. Petersen is wonderful with kids - she is gentle and sweet and has loads of wonderful parenting advice for such things as potty training and sleeping habits. Her Nurse Practitioner, Mrs. Ricketts is equally wonderful. At some offices, if you hear that your symptoms only qualify for a nurse visit, you wonder if you will get a thorough checkup. Mrs Ricketts is wonderful - she takes her time and has lots of great home remedies for simple ailments instead of over the counter medicine. The office is kept very clean, and the staff are extremely friendly. I am very happy we found this place.
5	We have been very pleased with the care our children have received from all of the practitioners at Step By Step - MDs and NPs alike.  Office visits are never rushed, and Dr Bishop and Dr. Peterson both take parents' concerns and wishes seriously.  Saturday hours during peak cold and flu season are a huge plus!Dr. Peterson correctly identified a congenital heart valve defect in our 5 day old son... a condition missed prenatally, by hospital staff at delivery, and - according to the cardiologist - so subtle he doubted he would have caught it himself without the aid of advanced technology.  Thanks to Dr. Peterson, we were able to get our baby immediate treatment for a condition that could have presented much later in life with serious consequences.  I recommend Step By Step to any brand new parents looking for a quality peds practice, or to families recently relocated to the area.
5	I have brought my daughter here since she was 5 days old for a check up. She is half vietnamese so she was born with of course a small amount of jaundice and our blood type was compeltly opposite of each other. She has been seen by Dr. Bishop, Dr. Peterson and Thresea. All of them are great to her and answer all the questions that I have. I think if you are looking for a Dr for your little one, bring them here!!!
5	After a not-so-recent move to this area, we finally transferred to this pediatrics office and I am completely impressed with the doctors, nurse practitioners, nurses, and staff.  With two young children and the cold/flu season here, we have been to plenty appointments in just the last few weeks and at every single appointment we were treated beautifully.  The staff is caring and supportive and I always feel that we have a relationship based on mutual trust and respect.  In several instances just this year, I was able to make same-day appointments without any problems.  I ordered a copy of our immunization record and it was available for pick up within an hour.  The phone is answered immediately and the receptionist is knowledgeable, fast, and cordial.  This practice shines!  Kudos!
5	I've brought my six year old here since he was a newborn and now the baby comes here too.  Dr Peterson is our favorite, but everyone is so nice and thorough and if either of my boys ever get sick, it seems like they can always fit us in within hours.  If I could change anything, it would only be that they were back in Ahwatukee again.
5	Dr. Tonya Horner is Awesome!!! Love this place and the ease of scheduling, getting records, billing and most of all the care received! Highly recommend Dr. Horner.
