4	I'm not going to turn down a donut if it looks somewhat fresh. But I must tell you, I am not a big fan of the dunkinkreme chains, and store bought doughnuts are just as disappointing. I was happy to stumble upon a local owned small business in Vantastic Donuts - they make doughnuts fresh, the way I remember them from when I was a kid. Getting doughnuts was such a treat, and the local Marie's Donuts in North Highlands, CA (google yelp them!) can not be beat.  But Vantastic is reminiscent. At 8 AM on a Sunday morning they had a wide spread of fresh fried delicacies, including a chocolate cream filled which was my personal favorite. The old fashioned doughnuts were fluffy and iced just right. This is my new doughnut shop, and by the modest crowd in the dining room, I'd venture to say it's been a local favorite for decades.
5	I just want to park myself in this orange and brown blob of a place and stay and forget the world outside.  And not knowing what it is to experience doughnut nirvana before, it is here.  It is here with the plain sugar doughnut.  Very very friendly counter service.  And they have vanilla creamer if you ask.I've seen this place for 20 years and only started stopping here in the past few months.  Amazing that I will go to little dives off Roadfood dot com everywhere else in the country, and it took me this long to go to the one right in my old hood.
5	Head and shoulders above the dunkins and kremes of the donut world. I love placing my order and waiting among the regulars while they discuss current events. The breakfast sandwiches are killer too.
4	Came in to check them out as recommended by a friend.  I ordered an egg muffin sandwich and apple fritter.  The sandwich was huge.  Too bad I didn't think of getting a picture until after I had eaten it.  It was better than I expected from a donut shop.  Service was friendly and it got very busy right after we ordered.  It seemed that a lot of people ordered the sandwich as well.  As I bit into the sandwich my mouth can feel the crunch of the english muffin filed with egg, sausage, strips of bacon, with melted cheese.  Apple fritter was good, but the sandwich was more memorable.  Service was excellent.  The only thing that could have made this a 5 star was the decor, but if you can see beyond the run down, out dated pictures, the food and service well make up for it.
5	This place is a gem. The Butter Bars are the best ever, not too rich so it makes your stomach ill, but perfect taste and 10 miles after i left wished i would have gotten more. Chocolate filled was best ever too.
5	I've been eating here since it was Kathy's back in the 80's. It Is Always Dynamite!!!  Way better than any chain.  Maple long John filled with Boston Creme!!!
5	Melt in your mouth, so good you want a bakers dozen, can't get enough of these bad boys donuts.If you order a dozen, they'll throw in a freebie.They open at 4am!!  The bagels are not fresh in-house.  They come from Chompie's or somewhere like that.  Get the glazed!!!!!
4	Check out my blog review and photos:http://food-tales-and-other-fun.tumblr.com/post/24660414082/
5	Not the cheapest donut coffee and water I have ever had, but definitely the best cinnamon honey bun I have ever put in my face.  No joke. I drooled every time I passed this place, the rest of the week.  If you haven't tried it, you are missing out.
4	Thai tea and a doughnut.  Aside from not being what the diet doctor ordered , the sweet on sweet may not have been the best combination idea I've ever had, but separately, both were good!Pop was out but definitely a mom'n'pop kind of place.  Nice down-homey little doughnut & sandwich & coffee shop.  Very nice lady behind the counter, her young son hanging out unobtrusively nearby.  Worth a stop if you get a hankering for sweet fried delight while you're in the hood on south side of Olive at 47th Ave.
5	Dunkin who?These are the best donuts I have ever had. I am not exaggerating, seriously the best. They are so soft and fresh. They have a big selection of specialty donuts, My personal favorite is the blueberry donut...not blueberry filled, the dough is blueberry. If you like fillers, they have just about every flavor. Enjoy.
5	Best donuts we have ever had.  Get a box of glazed and sugar, heat them up a little, and you will understand what it means to be truly happy!
5	Super delicious! Best donuts in the area, much better than Krispy Kreme and Dunkin donuts
5	These donuts are SUPER delicious. The atmosphere is warm and friendly and the sister's, who own the shop, are very nice. Best raspberry filled donuts in town!
5	One word....YUM! I had the buttermilk. It was amazing. I'm still thinking about it 12 hours later. Can't wait to stop in next time I'm in Glendale. Oh, and $5 for 6 delicious donuts - can't beat that!
