1	I need to preface that I've been to this location two other times and had 3-star experiences.This last time though.. .if I could give a 0 I would.- We sat there for 45 minutes before I finally had to ask our waitress what the deal was with our food (there were three meals ordered and other tables had sat, eaten, and left already).- When confronting the waitress she offered free beer while we wait which sounded nice... until they were dumped into my lap while she sat there astonished.- When the food finally came out I realized that there was a distinct black hair in my orange chicken that did not belong to any of us... I about lost my cool after sitting there for an hour without so much as an apology.Finally after sending back the food, the owner comes over and tells me that my meal is going to be free, in which I tell her that our entire dining experience is going to be free and if she doesn't like it, too f-ing bad.  She didn't even come back and talk to us but sent the waitress back over to tell us that everything was free.1.5 hours, jeans soaking wet from beer, and leaving without food?  I will NOT be attending this place again.The service has sucked EVERY TIME I've gone here.My Wendy's Club Sandwich on the way home was delicious.
2	First off, I'm only awarding two stars because the food was a good value.  Our meals (Peking Pork, Chef's Chicken Duo and Pot Stickers) were fresh, yummy, plentiful and well-priced.But holy shit, the service sucked from the second we walked in the door.  Seriously, I'm way low maintenance - give me a smile and get my drink order filled and I'm typically satisfied.  We arrived and watched at least four employees walk by the hostess station several times without so much as a glance in our direction.  It wasn't crowded.  When we were finally seated our server took and delivered our drink/appetizer orders quickly but things quickly deteriorated. After my husband placed his order our server started to walk away....we seriously had to grab her and remind her that she forgot to take my order.  (Two top, not that hard, right?) My Peking pork was the first dish to arrive via the expediter.  When we inquired about the pancakes promised on the menu we were told that the "waitress was supposed to tell us they were out of them.".  No apology, no further acknowledgement.  Dude just left the scene.  We were never asked if we needed anything else, never asked if our meal was okay.  We didn't see our server again until she stopped by the table with the receipt (check was already paid; it was dropped off by the hostess after we waited unattended for 10-15 minutes).  Server launched the two fortune cookies sitting on top of the bill onto the table and left without a word.  Not a word.  I wish I was making this up.  Not even going to detail the clunky and confusing drink service, food delivery or the pitiful attempt to box up our meal.  I'm too frustrated.  At one point we overheard the guy sitting at the table next to us ask the kid filling water glasses if he could send his waitress over....kid's response:  "Was it Helen or Theresa?" (can't remember the real names)......diner's response: "I have no idea."  Considering each server had exactly three tables to cover you'd think the staff would have some inclination of exactly what the fuck was going on, but no.Bottom line:  Quite literally the worst service I've ever had in a restaurant.  I wish I were exaggerating.  The owners should be proud of their food but utterly embarassed by their staff.  FIre 'em all and start over.
5	Best Chinese food in the valley. I have read some reviews and i am sad to say that they are not looking at the big picture.  This restaurant is very traditional.  The workers are all family. If you have ever dined at an ethnic restaurant you would understand. It is more about the food than anything else. Service follows. The food is so fresh and amazing it is worth drive. Please take the time to discover it yourself. I LOVE this place! If you expect Panda Express then you can forget it might as well go to McDonalds. Foodies in the area, this is a must!!!!
4	Gave Jade another shot tonight, this time for take out only, and let me tell you, the food stands on its own. Really good.  If they can address the clumsy service this place has a chance. Well played, Jade!
4	After reading some of the reviews here and on other sites I was a little skeptical, but having just finished my takeout meal of Orange Beef and Sweet and Sour Shrimp, I am pleasantly surprised. The beef was tender and pretty tasty, not as orang-ey as most places (in spite of the pungent aroma that came out of the opened container) but still very good. The shrimp were butterflied, battered and deep fried. And I'm assuming that since it was take out, they put the sauce in a container on the side to keep it from getting soggy. Good call. I cannot comment on the service since I went in and ordered take out. I walked in, ordered off the menu and my dinner was ready in less than 10 minutes... talk about fast. If I'm going to be picky, I'd say the flavors could have been a little more robust. Overall it was very good and I'll be happy to go back and try more off of their menu.
1	Not only was this place my favorite food in the area, it was the best Chinese food I ever had...but no more.  Unfortunately, Jade appears to be on its way out.  The food isn't fresh anymore and it seems that corners are being cut in other areas.  Too bad! We are running out of options up here.
4	On the contrary to other reviews on this place, hubby and I had a very pleasant experience.  There were no service issues, and the food, as noted in other reviews, is EXCELLENT.It's in expensive, the ambiance is great and we were served quickly.I have absolutely no complaints.
1	My family and I had been here before and the experience was good, so we decided to go back. This experience was horrible and we will never be going back again. We went in on a Friday night and there was only one other table of people. Looking back on this, I should have taken that as a sign of things to come. We order our food and 45 minutes goes by. We see the other table receiving their food and we watch as 3 other "to go" orders walk in and pick up their orders. I stop the waitress to ask her what is going on and she tells me that they had to get the other table fed first. I'm thinking to myself, they can only make one tables worth of food at a time? What would they do if 10 tables filled up?She tells me it'll only be 10 more minutes. 10 minutes goes by and my 3 year old is fit to be tied and my wife has had enough. We get up to leave and they say "oh please it's just about out" and I say, no thank you we're going to go to Subway. They have the nerve to charge me for the 4 drinks (ice tea) and the soup. $14.00. I was so pissed and hungry I just paid it, but in retrospect I should have told them to go screw themselves. Horrible service, they could care less about their customers and absolutely no remorse about the situation at all. Never going back.
5	This place is great! We go here often and always have good service and food. Lunch specials are a great deal. We always take home left overs. The portions are large, so you get to enjoy Jade for 2 meals!!!
1	Update... closed
