4	When I want a really good chicken sandwich I visit Zaxby's.  They season the bird perfect......wings, chicken fingers, and the old school crinkle cut fries, but what brings this meal together is the Texas toast....thick buttered goodness at it's best!  Don't miss out on this gem...they cook to order so you may have to wait a bit but it's good stuff......a little pricey though.
1	This review is because of the constant experiences has here. The management is some of the worst in Charlotte. Upon entering the restaurant on a busy day the female manager (name tag said Brenda) can be heard fussing at the employees yet does not lift a finger to help them work. Her abusive attitude definitely ruins the mood for eating. On a separate occasion an employee on a cell phone was screaming & cussing right outside the front door. If you have a family I would highly recommend avoiding this restaurant at all costs!! On a food note..... Though somewhat tasty even the "healthier" options of grilled chicken are loaded with extra calories & sodium. Be aware that its not heart healthy food.
1	This is an update to my former review. First of all I only when back because a friend of mine wanted to go back to see if we had a better experience. What we witnessed was atrocious!! A different manager (Shameka or something on her name tag) was literally yelling & cussing at an employee as we walked in! She was even using the F word!! How in the world can this supposedly "Christian" organization allow managers to act this way?! When I used to work anyone who acted like that would be fired on the spot!! What is wrong with this company??? Needless to say we walked right back out. Neither of us, out friends or our family will ever diner here (or likely at any Zaxby's whose corporation allows such behavior). DO NOT EAT HERE WITH KIDS OR FAMILY!!!!
1	I have eaten at several different locations and this one is a trainwreck. The food is terrible. I have no idea how chain food can taste THAT different from the other restaurants, but it's not even close. The fries were literally burned to a crisp. I called to complain and whoever answered the phone said "So?". There's a McDonald's right up the street where the employees are super friendly (and the food is edible). I just go there instead.
3	I was worried coming here because of the negative reviews but I've found no reason for concern. My service wasn't super friendly but they weren't rude and I didn't hear any bad language. The food itself seems like average zaxby's. I will say that my experience is based on going through the drive thru but overall I've got no complaints.Update: the only strange thing is that they put BBQ sauce on my nibblers instead of zax sauce?
3	This place is basically across the street from me so I'll hit it once a month or so, I always go in and it's always been a decent experience.  I get the Snax combo and I'm always impressed by the quality of the chicken, I wish there was more but over all it's usually better than KFC's tenders.  Really my only issues with the place are that when they mop the floor with that finish I have a hard time not sliding around and service is always meh.  Not looking for perfection in a fast food place but you can do more than the bare minimum.
