5	I've been working in the Village at Hayden complex for over 4 years now, and my family has owned a business in the complex for over 15, so I've eaten at all the restaurants that have been in (and out) of the complex over the last decade and a half at least once, if not more. It's owned by The Collins Family, proprietors of Wally's American Pub. The concept is really exciting to me. It's all about American favorites made with mostly local and always fresh ingredients of the highest quality. The decor is soothing, with excellent jazz-styled music for listening pleasure. The booths are large and comfortable, and the entrance for the patio is through garage-style doors. Unique, inviting, and pleasing to the eye. The other detail I noticed and loved was the weight of the flatwear. Maybe it's just me, but I really prefer eating a good meal with heavy and comfortable utensils. The cuisine is what you're really concerned with, so I'll get to that now (finally!).  The only appetizer I've tried so far (because it's so amazing I can't stop ordering it!) is Dad's Grocery Bag. It comes with 3 cheeses (Manchego, Fresh Goat's Milk and Paremesean), 3 meats (Soppressata, Prosciutto and Capocollo), French loaf, olives, nuts and honey comb plated on a wooden cutting board, with the honey comb resting on a long-handled spoon. Now, if only my dad's grocery bag really carried all these delights when I was a little girl!I'm a salad girl, largely because of my grain allergy (I save my grain consumption for delights like the bread and a craft brew), and they knocked the Seasonal Vegetable Chop out of the park. Tomatoes, beets, grapes, squash, corn, tomatoes, cabbage, manchego cheese and butter beans tossed in a parsley creamy champagne vinaigrette. Excellently executed, and something I would eat every day for the rest of my many-remaining days if I could afford to do so. I've heard from a reliable source (my father, who is something of a fish nut) that the Blackened Red Fish was absolutely delicious and cooked to perfection, as was the dirty orzo. And the Grilled Angus Burger is a serious meat-eaters delight, with excellent ground chuck and fresh veggies with Tillamook Cheddar. Oh. And their hot tea! It's LOOSE LEAF brought to you in a nice little teapot. If only every dining establishment would recognize that loose leaf is so vastly superior to the bagged teas. Maybe they'll catch on soon.For a restaurant that has been open less than a month, I have to say that they've completely hit it out of the park. My new fav lunch spot, in a complex where the Spotted Donkey, Zipps, and Tandoori Times vie for that spot. The Collins Family has another hit.
3	I've been eager to try Grassroots since it opened a month ago.  After our experience last night I'm torn between three and four stars.  If we had been seated at an actual table I think I'd be more generous.  We walk in and were told that there's a 45-minute wait.  Okay, so it was a Friday night--this is understandable.  We put our name down and wait outside.  Three minutes later the hostess informs us that our table is ready.  Interesting.We were seated at a community table next to some older men who were drinking martinis and eating appetizers.  I'm not sure if we got shafted with this one.  I had to put my precious Kate Spade bag on the floor because there were no extra stools or hooks to hang it on.  That in itself made me want to leave. The menu consists of fish, ribs, chicken, salads, sandwiches and a few a la carte sides.  The items are pricey and the portions are small.  The tuna poke appetizer was bigger than my ahi tuna salad entree.  I was most impressed with the poke; the tuna and shrimp were incredibly fresh and there was a nice kick of acidity.  Our waiter said that the ahi tuna salad was "lighter" but reassured me that the portion size would fill me up.  Liar!  I wish there were three times more greens on the plate.  The salad was quite tasty but the ahi was a little overdone for my taste.  I enjoyed the soy ponzu vinaigrette and I requested some wasabi on the side for a kick.  Sadly, there was no ginger on site to accompany the tuna.  We had to grab a second dinner in Old Town to feel fully satisfied.  The crowd here isn't exactly my generation...we were youngest couple in the entire place.  I could return, but there are many other place I'd like to try before I do.  It's a good place to go if you're older and want a light bite.
3	I'm torn.  This place is so darn charming, a very warm atmosphere, much cozier than its previous identity.  The service during my--brief--visit was amazing: I was waited on immediately upon entering the door, but I wanted to order something TO GO, so I bellied up to the bar for a menu.  My first thought?  The menu is boring.  Nothing about it makes it stand out.  "What is new and different here?," is what I thought to myself.  "What is the ONE THING that will bring people back again and again?", I thought to myself.I was told the chopped salad was amazing, so I ordered it.  In the meantime, I ordered a glass of wine.  I had only been there a few short minutes, when another server came over to ask if I would like to try some other red wines.  Perhaps it was chance, but I noticed, she brought two reds in the same "family" of that which I was drinking.  Very observant, I thought to myself.  I wasn't happy with either, really, and I was definitely not happy with the glass I ordered, so the bartender took it off the bill at the time my food arrived.  Terrific!I took home my salad, opened it, and was immediately disappointed.  It was not fresh, and I expected the chicken breast to be hot, which it was not.  The greens weren't even "juicy," but rather tasted as though they had been in the refrigerator WAAAY too long.  Not even close to amazing, as I was told.So, I may return and eat in the restaurant because I think it is only fair, but I have to say, I'm not very enthusiastic about it.  :-(
5	YUM!  Just enjoyed a fabulous casual dinner at Grassroots and I am looking forward to my next visit.  Great neighborhood atmosphere, the food was fresh and prepared to perfection and the service was spot on.  The proprietor stopped by the table a couple of times to check on things.  For a restaurant that has been open only a month - the place nailed it!  Better get in now to enjoy dinner, before you're unable to get in without a wait.
3	Very interesting menu; Good Food, but fare is overpriced.
5	I have dined 3 times at Grassroots and 3 different menu options. For lunch I had the shrimp poorboy and another time the hamburger. For dinner I had the pork chop. The shrimp poorboy was very good and brought me back to my visits to New Orleans. The hamburger was very juicy and full of flavor. Each time I ordered the coleslaw as my side and must say the coleslaw is the best I have ever tasted. For dinner I ordered the pork chop which came with the grits. The pork chop was cooked perfect and full of flavor and the grits had some spice and I very much enjoyed. Owner Chris Collins surprised us with the pork-belly appetizer and I must say it was very very good. The wine list is very reasonable and the service is second to none. This place will have plenty of success and we will continue to frequent for lunch and dinner.
5	I've been here 4-5 times for lunch, happy hour and dinner...love it.  The team is great/cheerful, the food is interesting and the prices are right.  Happy hour is livelier than I would guess for a new restaurant and Dad's Grocery Bag and Tuna Poke are delicious.  They have some different beers that I don't see too often and the wines on tap are interesting.  They did a great job on the decor and can't wait til it warms up to sit outside.  Until then, I like the over-sized bar and the community table.
5	Yum, yum, yum!Pork belly appetizer--FAB!Lobster bisque--DELISH!Seasonal chop salad--FRESH AND WONDERFUL!Fresh, beautifully-presented, fabulous service!Warm, beautiful atmosphere! GO!
5	Grassroots fills a severely underserved creative Farm-to-Table niche in central Scottsdale.We thoroughly enjoyed a full front-to-back dinner, starting with the Grocery Bag Appetizer and the Pork Belly Appetizer, and enjoying the Red Fish Entree. Our dinner guests enjoyed the Ahi Entree and Baby Back Ribs Entree, which are also highly recommended.We are pleased to report that you will not be disappointed with a visit to Grassroots Kitchen & Tap.The one downside is that I don't believe they have a Twitter page, so it is difficult to rave to the Twitterverse about how great they are, and I couldn't find a website either.
5	Friends took us for dinner here the other night.  We arrived about 20 minutes early for our reservation and ended up sitting at the "community table" - long hightop table with bar stools to seat about 20 total.  This worked well for us, there is no place to wait (inside or out) if you are waiting for a table.  This is a cozy little place but the place was hopping and this was midweek no less.  Really glad to see such a full house for a brand new place.  This is the location of the former Jade Place on Hayden Road, right next door to TCBY Yogurt (another favorite of mine).We all loved everything that was ordered and there was NOTHING left but the plates when we were done.  Salmon (perfectly cooked and seasoned) served some kind of tartar sauce on the side & asparagas, shrimp po-boy w/ tangy slaw, highly acclaimed gumbo (yumbo gumbo!!), club salad and fall off the bone BBQ ribs.  Thoroughly enjoyed the meal.  Service was prompt and pleasant.  What more could you ask for?  Dessert you say?  Yes, but we were too full for key lime pie.  Maybe next time.  We will be back for more sampling for sure.UPDATE 3/27/13 - We've been back here a few times since that original visit and still give this place high marks.  Most recently we stopped in for a late lunch on a Saturday.  Was hoping for patio seating but nothing available so we ate inside.  Guess what? - the food tastes the same wherever you are - it's all great.  I tried the portobello mushroom sandwich with grilled asparagas.  The sandwich was served on focaccia bread, cut into 4 little portions.  Fabulous and filling, I took half home and devoured later.  I really like the feel of this place - good music, comfortable seating, relaxed atmosphere.  I keep thinking we'll come by for happy hour - haven't hit it yet (3-6pm), but definitely keeping this on my To Do List.
4	I really liked this place and am happy to have found a new place close to home. We went for happy hour and enjoyed their cocktails and wine. Best of all hh is daily from 3-6.  I can't wait to go back.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!! A real neighborhood gem!! I've been there twice for lunch and twice for dinner. Anxious to try more things on the menu as I have had a hard time trying to choose between all the great items. Great casual atmosphere with a bar and the inside dining area is open to the outside patio, also open for dining. Check it out!!!
5	We've been to Grassroots several times (both with and without kids) and LOVE IT!  Chris does a great job making each guest feel special and right at home.  We've enjoyed "Dad's grocery bag" (the cheese/meat platter), the smoked salmon is perfection, the ribs fall off the bone, the short rib is decadent.  I loved my grapefruit martini.  There are 2 must trys!  1- the loaded baked potato (after 5 only) and 2- the simple and delicious banana split with yummy sugared nuts.  We almost always share one.  Overall I really hope this little brew/wine house continues its success because it is seriously yummy and a great addition to our neighborhood eats.
5	The food is delicous and the service was great.  Had the lobster bisque which wasn't too rich, just right.  The pork chop was the best we've had in a while.  Oh and the green tea, superb!!!
5	I have been to Grassroots twice now and have enjoyed my dining experience both times. The atmosphere is great, very comfortable and relaxed. I like the community table and the bar area, it was very lively and upbeat. The staff is very attentive and they go out of their way to ensure you are happy and every need is met. The food is fairly priced and is very good. I had the ribs last time and they were great. The hamburger is very tasty as well.
5	Had an amazing lunch at Grassroots today. Great service and an awesome atmosphere. We shared the Waldorf Salad, the Shrimp Po' Boy (my favorite), and the tuna steak sandwich. We also had the Ahi Poke appetizer and it was incredible. Can't recommend this place enough. 5-stars+, no brainer.
5	we rode our bikes here today in search of a new place to try. the online menu looked like it had a few options for non-meat eaters (although it is very much a meat heavy menu). for an easter sunday lunch, it was very empty, not a good sign. but we had no wait and they easily passed the water glass test. our server was very attentive and checked on us throughout the meal without being overbearing. the decor is "country" but not like cracker barrel....more like neo farm dining. i had the blackened fish sandwich, which was cooked really well, nice and seared but juicy, topped with onion, pickles, tomatoes and butter lettuce. i had the jalpeno and cheese grits on the side and they were rich and creamy with just a slight hint of heat...nothing to burn your mouth. my wife had the tuna sandwich, which was also tasty and seared just right. she did have to navigate a big piece of fascia which is not that delectable, but it was her dish, not mine. her side of gigantic asparagus tasted wonderful. i would love to come back here and hope they are able to make it here. well worth the bike ride.
5	This restaurant has multiple seating options: bar seating in the center of the room with tv's nestled above, mafioso booths on the right-hand side, tables on the left, as well as outdoor seating under a shaded pergola. It was scarcely occupied today but on Easter that could be a hit or miss. We opted for a booth and I was pleasantly surprised that this decor was slightly country....but not down-home Southern country. It had that "farm" element to it, but not more like farm-chic, or as my husband called it  "neuvo-farmish". It's clearly a design term.....I ordered an iced tea which was filled repeatedly, along with our waters. In fact, when my husbands water no longer had ice in it we were brought a glass of ice. Damn, they're good.We both ordered fish sandwiches. His: the blackened fish sandwich with remoulade, red onion, butter lettuce on an artisan bun. Mine: rare ahi tuna with siracha mayo with the same bun an accoutrements. I love that you can order a different side off their "farm" menu rather than just getting fries. I opted for the jumbo roasted asparagus which put me at awe first at their gorgeous appearance, and secondly, their crispy-juicy texture. My husbands jalapeno-cheddar grits were quite tasty as well. No really spicy, which would have been nice, but had a great flavor with the jalapenos. I thought both sandwiches were good, although my piece of tuna was an odd cut and a little too soft. I like when ahi has that great fresh-firmness to it and when they cut it so you don't have to navigate around a piece of fascia...cause' that's no fun. If I wasn't so full I would've made my husband split the key lime pie, which I'm always a sucker for. Perhaps next time. I haven't been impressed with a new place in a while, and this one won me over. Thank you!!
4	Absolutely great! I am usually wary of ordering seafood more than 100 miles from the ocean but I tried the Ahi and it was fresh and done to perfection, perfectly cooked to medium rare. The slaw that came with was equally scrumptious! I'll be back for dinner next time I'm back in the area.
1	It sounds like I have had a completely different experience from everyone else, but unfortunately my trip started so badly that I couldn't really enjoy it. When we arrived for our 6:45 reservation, we were told that there were two girls at our table for six that had been there three hours and paid about an hour before and they were sure would leave soon. They offered us a table inside, but we wanted to wait for our outside table that we had reserved. So, 20 minutes later, we asked the manager if there was a nice way she could imply the table was reserved or ask them to move to a two-top so we could have our table (this was after the hostess offered that we could "stand over them until they moved"). The manager told us she would not ask them to move even though they had been holding up the table for three hours and were not eating OR drinking anymore.A second group of five came in for their reservation at the table outside next to what would have been our table and was told basically the same thing. That there was a group that had been at their table for over 2 hours, had paid, and they would just have to wait as they wouldn't ask that group to leave or move.At that point, my blood was boiling so much that I couldn't enjoy the food once we were finally seated at a different table outside that the hostess worked out for us. We were then treated like we were the "trouble children" for wanting a table we had reserved. The girls were still there when we left. So, they took up a table for five hours, not allowing other people to rotate through (thus costing the restaurant money and the staff tips).I am sure the food was good, but the experience and management was so bad, that I can't go back. It's a shame. It sounds like others on this page really liked the place, however, I have experienced and seen places alerting people that a table is reserved and they  need to move in a nice way, and if this restaurant doesn't want my money enough to allow me to eat at my reserved time, then they really don't get it. Or stop taking reservations or preferences. That I would understand too. If you can't guarantee inside or out for a large party, that is totally ok, but don't say "You can have a table outside at 6:45" and then make that party wait for a group that is just killing time.
4	I really like this place ALOT, the food is all organic/free range/ hippie friendly so I respect that.  I especially respect that when the food is delicious with such restrictions and it is so good job Grassroots!  I have tried the Spit Fire Free Range Chicken which is the juiciest half a chicken I've ever had in my life, amazing flavor as well served with dirty orzo which is like dirty rice but with orzo and it translates perfectly.  Great meal overall, they also have a really good happy hour I haven't taken part in but I uploaded a picture of the menu so everyone can see before they go, any place that has "BOAT LOAD OF WINGS" on the menu deserves a visit in my book.  Also on a side note there were some hot waitresses always a +1 #google (internetjokes)
4	What a great find!!  How can't a place with wine on tap be great?!  The atmosphere is really neat and the service from the bartender was very engaging.  Although I didn't eat on my last visit, the menu selections were enough to make me want to go back.   They had a nice wine selection and cocktail and beer selections for everyone.I can't comment enough on the great decor - it is amazing to me as I knew how the place looked before it was renovated for this concept.  It's so open and airy!   I was happy to find out that this fellow that owns this place is a relative (son I think but I don't want to start rumors) of the folks who own Wally's American Pub - one of my favorite places to go when I lived in Arcadia.  I really like to keep it local whenever possible!
4	We took my dad here for Father's Day dinner, and I walked away stuffed with no room for dessert!The restaurant is owned by the family that has Wally's, but it the food is much more refined and it is a nicer ambiance.  We had the prosciutto wrapped asparagus and pork belly for appetizers.  I am not usually a fan of asparagus, but when wrapped in prosciutto and drizzled with a honey sauce, I was able to enjoy it.  The pork belly was something I have always heard about on cooking shows, but never tried.  It was about three inches thick and served with caramelized pancetta (pork on pork, love it) a spicy tomato jam and toasted bread.  We weren't quite sure how to eat it, but once we dove in it was pure bliss. The pork was so tender and had a nice smoky flavor to it; paired with the spicy tomato jam it was a culinary experience I will not soon forget.While I enjoyed the appetizers a lot, my main dish was even better!  I ordered the Shrimp and Grits, and having just been to New Orleans about six months ago, this dish rivaled those that I had down in the South.  The grits were doctored up with cheddar cheese and jalapenos, and were just heavenly, plus the portion was very generous, so there were plenty to share.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly (although a bit on the small side) in a sauce with andouille sausage; the dish got better and better with each bite!  My dad thoroughly enjoyed his rib-eye with blue cheese butter and my mom and sister both loved the seared ahi salad.  My dad told me he has previously tried the short ribs, and they were phenomenal, plus they are also served with the drool worthy grits.The service was excellent, and the food was divine, I love finding a locally owned restaurant in my neighborhood that is actually good!
5	We went to Grassroots this evening and were very impressed. My boyfriend's brother picked it out and when we first heard the name of the restaurant we thought it was an Asian restaurant which is funny because it's quite the opposite. Grassroots menu is filled with contemporary country food. For example, my boyfriend order the brisket which came with cole slaw and baked beans. He loved it. I ordered the club salad which came complete with TONS of bacon, blue cheese, red onion, croutons, and ranch dressing. It was so delicious I can't even explain! I call it "contemporary" farm food because these ain't no Cracker Barrel portions. Grassroots has smaller portions and a healthy, fresh twist to country food, which means you don't feel fat and disgusting after you eat here- always a plus!The decor is cozy and very american (there are flags everywhere)Bathrooms were very clean.Price is fairly affordable for a fancy meal. We fed four people for under $70 (not including gratuity)Excellent service. Our waiter knew the menu, was prompt, and super friendly.I only have good things to say about this place :)
1	First off let me say I thought it was going to be great after reading all these positive reviews.  Not so much.. We went last night. It was so crowded but we were able to get a table.  We started off with the poke.  When it came it looked interesting but it was aweful.  The fish tasted water logged from being frozen and then defrosted. The flavor overall  was really bland.  The fish wasnt even fresh.  Come on now.  It you are going to serve raw fish lets make it fresh please.  The wonton chips tasted like they came out of the bag and even tasted a bit stale.  I had the vegetable plate.  On the menu they said these were local farm fresh vegetables.  Terrible.  The tomato was hard as a rock and the basil on top was all shriviled like it had been old.  The swiss chard and the asparagus were ok, but nothing special. Very oily... The corn tasted like it was frozen corn with cheese in it.  yuck.  The craziset thing was that there was a huge huge pile of coldslaw that dominated the plate.  What is that even doing on there?My husband had the shrimp poboy and again it was ok but the shrimp tasted frozen and just fried.  My son had the corn dog and loved it.  At least someone liked their meal.  This place really needs to rethink its "farm to table" concept because they are really not living up to that statement.
5	I have been going to Grassroots Kitchen & Tap since before they officially opened: my wife and I wandered in during their soft opening. The staff is attentive and extremely friendly, and the owner remembers our names and details about us ( we only go in maybe once every month of so). My favorite item on the menu is the Pork Chop. Rarely do you run into a restaurant who doesn't overcook the pork chop. I found their thick cut pork chop to be extremely juicy and have a very nice smoky flavor. I have tried the majority of items on their menu and have found them to all be extremely flavorful and worth the money. I have yet to be disappointed by any visit.
5	This was one of the best meals I have ever had. Vegetable chopped salad and short ribs were out of this world. Service was outstanding and atmosphere was charming.
4	We had a really enjoyable meal at Grassroots with my Grandma and Husband to celebrate our Birthdays.  We arrived on a Thursday night around 6pm and the place was packed.  We had to wait about 10 minutes, but thankfully a table opened up and we were seated promptly.  There aren't too many tables in this restaurant and the atmosphere is really nice, very open and clean.  Upon being seated, we were greeted and our server was very nice and helpful.The food itself was very good.  I had the chicken salad sandwich without nuts (they were able to accommodate me) and my Grandma and Husband both had the brisket sandwich.  The chicken salad was very good, but the bread it was on was AWESOME!  It was buttery and toasted perfectly - so good.  The Hubs loved his, as did my Grandma and the grits, which I tried, were unique, creamy, and very flavorful. Grandma got the root beer float for dessert and loved it.  The Hubs and I shared a banana split, which I thought was just OK, the strawberry ice cream was my favorite part.All in all, I cannot wait to go back to this restaurant.  I loved the menu and look forward to trying some different things out.  Happy hour looked good as well, so perhaps we will hit that up next.  Awesome new place to add to our go-tos!
5	Thank you. Local place with good food and good service.  Much appreciated!
5	This is the first time that I have given 5 stars to a restaurant.  But, they so deserve it.  Our waitress, Jill, was SO wonderful and helpful.  Her recommendations were spot on.   I loved everything about the place.  From the most amazing jalapeno cheddar grits to the banana split we shared for dessert.  The manager made many stops by our table to be sure everything was to our liking...and it was. I wish we lived in the neighborhood.  It would definitely become my neighborhood haunt.
3	Passable, kinda quirky little place. Small but solid beer and wine list. The good food only gets better at happy hour prices. I'm partial to the cold-cuts & cheese plate.
5	Grassroots is right around the corner and we drive by it every week on our usual Friday-Dinner-Out.  I always assumed it was more of a pub than a restaurant.  My wife and I arrived around 5:00pm and were seated immediately.  The waiter was super attentive and knew the menu and preparation of everything I asked about.  We started with an AMAZING appetizer special of burrata* with ciabatta tips, their house spicy tomato jam and arugula with champagne vinaigrette.  It was described as a sort of an experimental combination of preparations from other dishes.  The burrata was silky smooth and spreads onto the ciabatta like softened cream cheese.  The play of flavors in this dish was excellent, we'd go back here just for this dish alone.My wife ordered the lobster bisque as her entree, which was smooth and creamy with a good lobster flavor.  I suspect we could have asked for bread on the side, but it didn't come with it by default.I ordered the short ribs with roasted asparagus and jalapeno cheddar grits.  The ribs were cooked just right, just a little pink and tender with a concentrated glaze of delicious sauce layered on top.  The sauce had a light smoky flavor with a fair amount of saltiness, and appeared to be a long simmered reduction with bold flavor. As others have mentioned, the jalapeno grits are very good, not spicy by any means but a little crunch from the jalapeno pieces, creamy and well prepared.  I strongly recommend the short ribs to anyone.We splurged with dessert of key lime pie and a banana split.  The split included three large scoops of (what appeared to be) homemade ice cream and topped with caramelized pecans.  The key lime was tart and delicious.The portion sizes were perfect and considering the careful preparation and unique flavors the price was appropriate.  It's a little more expensive that I would like to put Grassroots into our weekly rotation, but I look forward to visiting it again and sample more items off the menu when the budget allows.* I didn't know what burrata was: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burrata
4	I really like this place! Its small, but stylish.  Service has been very good so far, and  myself and my guests have enjoyed the food very much.  I ADORE the tuna steak sandwich, which is cooked to perfection (along with the fresh asparagus.) both times I have ordered it.  I HOPE THAT QUALITY CONTROL IN THE KITCHEN CONTINUES.  OH, and the key lime pie - AMAZING! Seriously, worth having for lunch, by itself.  My only small suggestion is dropping the prices of the normal beverages.  Paying $4 for an ice tea is a bit ridiculous.
5	Stopped here for some early dinner and a beer, after driving by. Really glad we did- our meal was incredible. It's not a big place, but it has a fun atmosphere, decent sized bar, and lots of patio seating, which is nice starting this time of year. We were greeted as soon as we walked in the door and received excellent service throughout the meal. Not a huge beer menu, but definitely a solid selection and good happy hour prices ($4/pint, $10/pitcher). A smaller menu with excellent choices makes me happy and that's what they offer. We started off with the prosciutto wrapped asparagus- really glad we did that. Grilled just right and drizzled with a sauce that is slightly sweet made it even better. I got the burger, my husband got the brisket sandwich and we traded halves. Both were very tasty. The actual burger itself was full flavor- my only suggestion was maybe a few less toppings. I like a burger topped with a few things, but this patty had so much flavor that I felt all the toppings almost took away from it. The brisket sandwich was the big hit of the night. Great flavor in the meat, tender and juicy and enough slaw on top to give it a a nice tang and add texture. The buns on both sandwiches were excellent and high quality. We had our little one with us and they have a pretty good kids menu, too. It's not listed on the actual menu- the server will rattle it off for you. Ours is a grilled cheese fiend and theirs was great- two kinds of cheese on 9 grain, served with grilled asparagus and fries. We actually asked them to substitute tomatoes for the fries, which they easily accommodated, and she plowed through the hole thing. Minus the asparagus- but that's on her, not Grassroots :)
4	LOVE the pork belly appetizer, the portobello sandwhich, chop salad!! Overall great food & atmosphere only downside is they make a terrible mojito and an ok margarita.
4	Great food, great service, great atmosphere. The Shrimp with Cheesy Grits was excellent.
4	If you've a hankering for southern cooking, but you want a cook with more skills than tossing a slab of meat into a smoker, try Grassroots Kitchen.  They walk the line between fine dining and comfort food better than anyplace else I've been to.  Its really good -- but it's not great.  Take the BBQ briscut, for example.  The platter has thick slices of meet (about 1/4 inch thick!) which is just too thick for briscut -- it becomes chewy.  But the spicing, flavor, and thin layer of fat was perfect.  I enjoyed it despite wearing out my mandibles.The blackened redfish was perfectly cooked but somewhat underspiced, at least by my standards which equates blackened with spicy.The sides were all good but not great: beans-nothing special, grits-where were those jalapenos?, etc.Best dish was the soup - a beef chili that had amazing flavor.  I ordered only a cup and wanted more.Pricing is also between fine dining and comfort food.I'm pretty sure you will enjoy your experience here, if you can get a reservation.
3	This was my first time at Grassroots and it was just okay.  I had the short ribs and I would give it 4 stars and they were extremely tender. The server also was very knowledgeable and friendly. I would lean more towards 4 stars over 3 stars for this restaurant and I think had we sat out on the patio, it might have been a concrete 4 star experience... The Ambiance and decor was a bit lackluster inside....Don't get me wrong, the restaurant is clean, and there is some artistic flair, but I just wasn't wow'd by the experience.  Patio did look very inviting.    The only thing locally sourced on the menu was broccoli by McClelland Farms. I personally would like to see more locally sourced vegetables and potentially chicken/pork at the very least. Other than, that as charming as this restaurant happens to be--- not sure if I will be able to go back, simply because I live in Chandler. If this was a neighborhood spot, I would definitely go back. But, not sure it's worth a second trip given the long drive.Enjoy!!
5	Absolutely delicious, a must try spot!! Fresh oj or lemonade for $3, beer for $5, add chicken to a salad for only $2, and all the ingredients are farm fresh New Orleans style. Lot's of flavor, I had the portobello mushroom burger and it came on this great focaccia bread and was cut in quarters so easy to eat. The brisket sliders are also quite good but a tiny bit heavy on the bbq sauce for me.
3	I have been here several times now.  My parents turned me on to this place and I love it.  I have sent several people here too and they have all loved it.  I think I have tasted almost everything on the menu and it all rocks.  I really dig the short ribs, and the jalapeno cheddar grits, and the tuna app.Update - 10/4/2013.  I had to change my rating from 5 stars to 3.  I have been back several times since my 1st post and I have to say that the service is going down hill.  Don't get me wrong, the food is great, but bad service kind of jacks it all up.  I don't care how f'n good the food is.  Last night my wife and I had the most unaccommodating server ever.  Won't split a salad in the kitchen (because they don't do that), and would not leave a mason jar of water at our table because it is needed for other tables. How hard would it be to get another jar of water from the kitchen?  My wife is preggers so we are not drinking any alcohol.  I feel like we were treated like crap.  There are a ton of restaurants that I can give my business to.  The food might not be as good, but the service won't leave a bad taste in my mouth (I like that sentence).  On a positive note, my wife had the short rib and I had the brisket and they were both awesome.  Too bad the service sucked.
2	Nothing special here. Even the temperature of the food was just okay. The menu wasn't really that exciting. so I just had the soup of the day and salmon appetizer. Very bland salmon and the toast that came with it was very oily. My husband had the BBQ brisket and I thought it was fatty and tough. He said it was okay and agreed about the toughness. We ordered key lime pie, but did not like it so the waiter took it off the bill. On a positive note, the server was very knowledgeable and friendly; he seemed to like working at this place. The restaurant was clean and reminded me of a restaurant I'd find in a beach town.
5	Wow, what a find! In an unassuming location near a strip mall off the Pima Expressway, I met one of my buddies for lunch at Grassroots Kitchen and Tap. We were 4 and sat outside in a nice sized booth. The restaurant is apparently part of Collins Family Kitchen and is run by a former Boston U swimmer/chef who is 4th generation restaurateur. As is typical of many excellent So Cal/AZ restaurants, this owner also got his start in the Hillstone Houston's family which seems to have produced a cadre of excellent chefs. Being originally from New Orleans, I noticed a NOLA flavor with Monday Red Beans and Rice/Wednesday Gumbo and several Cajun-style dishes. However, I opted for a Sashimi Ahi Salad with avocado, ponzu, edamame, wasabi peas, cherry tomato, sesame seed with a light miso vinaigrette.Prices are reasonable and there a Shrimp and Grits dish calling me back!!! Unfortunately, it was my last day in Scottsdale but there's always the next trip.Great ambiance/great service and most importantly great food!
5	Great find! My wife and I tried out Grassroots for the first time Saturday night. We shared a Chopped salad and the Rib and Chicken platter. Amazing! My wife fell in love with the wines on tap! I thought the beer selection was awesome! We finished it off with a slice of key lime pie!Great date night!
2	The food was average. I ordered the NY steak & it wasn't that flavorful and didn't seem to be a good quality cut of meat. On the bright side the wine was good, the staff was nice & the side dishes were decent. The atmosphere was probably the best thing about the place. I might go back sometime to have a glass of wine, but I'm not interested in going back for dinner.
5	Went for "social hour" and had an assortment of appetizers and cocktails. Food was creative and well prepared, and the ribs and sliders were exceptional. Cocktails were first rate as well. A surprisingly good restaurant.
2	I like the ambiance and feel of Grassroots - however, the cook has a bit of an attitude. When I explained this was the second time I had come in and they were out of what I  wanted to order he said because everything is fresh. Ok-I can appreciate and love that! However, I was asking for a baked potato. How can you be out of baked potatoes? That seems pretty standard. He then went on to say they are doing pretty well.....what?? How about just apologizing for not being able to accommodate your customer. Lose the attitude.  Food is par - I would recommend this place for drinks only.
5	Our new favorite restaurant!  Consistently delicious, great service, nice ambiance, reasonable prices.   Seems like so many restaurants are hit or miss - great one time, disappointing the next - but we've been to Grassroots probably eight times since we first discovered it six months ago and  have thoroughly enjoyed it every time.    Love the Angus burgers (cooked perfectly, with killer fries), the chopped salad, the brisket, the chicken walnut salad sandwich, the salmon/salad combo, Dad's Grocery Bag (perfectly sized appetizer with a variety of cured meats, cheeses, olives, nuts, and bread - paired with a glass of wine, I've died and gone to heaven!).   I'm sure we'll get more adventurous and try more menu items in the future but we've so enjoyed the aforementioned items that we seem to keep ordering the same thing.  Have also over-indulged a couple times by sharing the banana split afterwards.... not doing the waist-line any favors but decadent as an occasional treat : )   Totally agree with another post regarding the amazing renovation of the space - ate here when it was a Chinese restaurant, and an Italian one before that, and it's unrecognizable as the same place.   Very pleasant and relaxing ambiance, both inside and out on the patio.
5	really REALLY enjoyed this place. We got the smoked salmon for a starter, I got the shrimp and grits and the wife got a salad. Ended on key lime pie. Every bite was perfect and the quality was top notch. THANK YOU FOR BEING SO AWESOME!
5	Our favorite place we ate at the entire AZ trip!  The food was just fresh and tasty.  The chef came out and talked to us, she was so friendly and sweet.  I love places like this where you feel like they put some TLC into it from the service (cute prego lady), to the food and drinks.  We had the shrimp Po boy and it was so tasty, I wish we ate here twice!  We wanted to try more things on the menu, wish our tummy's were able to take it!
5	This was BY FAR the happiest of accidental finds. The food was delicious, the decor was inviting and sophistically relaxed, and my manhattan...return-worthy
5	What a great find in the Hayden corridor.  From the street there is a big sign on the building but the restaurant is tucked back behind TCBY.  I would make the trip north for this one.  Started off with the house made salmon.  A very large portion of salmon smoked to perfection.  Really tasty and could be a meal by itself.  Had the burrata which was really yummy.  The tomato jam was super delicious and the arugula salad with the lemon beyond yummy.  Also got to enjoy Dad's grocery bag (love that name!)  this was a nice plate of cheese and meat.  It is a beautiful plate.  I had the sashimi ahi tuna salad and I loved it.  It was really flavorful and the tuna was done perfect. Nice wine list.  The place has a nice vibe to it.  Go.  You'll thank me later.
4	I have to admit, I've only tried one dish at Grassroots and it is the salad.Now, I love a good salad, but honestly- when I read the different ingredients in this Seasonal Vegetable Chop salad, I was tentative. It seems like a odd mix (cabbage, grilled butternut squash,  gold and red beets, edamame, parsley, English cucumber, scallions, radishes, basil, grapes, grape tomatoes, feta, corn) but somehow, married with the really delicious Champagne Vinaigrette this salad sings. I actually crave it. Sometimes I pick it up takeout ;)The decor in the restaurant is awesome. Cool artwork, country chic vibe. They have Scrabble Boards build into some of their tables, and Mason Jar chandeliers. Outside on the pretty, green patio they have their own garden. You can tell that a lot of thought went into this restaurant concept and execution. The people I typically dine with have gotten a variety of meals and enjoyed everyone. The place is clean and well maintained. I just wish that there were more vegetarian options on the regular menu and on the happy hour. Also, Happy Hour prices for food really aren't that much of an incentive.
4	Very good neighborhood rest! Very attentive server and mgr walked around and checked in on the customers. Loved the ambiance. If we were there sans kids, would have sit at bar and ate. Tv's and patio. I had the fish-delicious, French fries and side salad yum. My Hubbie said ribs ok but he thinks he makes the best ribs. The beans that came with the ribs, everyone enjoyed! Would go back to try something else!
5	I came here on suggestion of someone in an office I was visiting while in town on business.  I must say, I'm impressed.  Prices are reasonable, food is delicious, atmosphere is fun and modern.  I might make this a regular thing every time I come to town (which is looking like once every 3 months).Dish ordered was the Spit fire roasted free-range chicken with dirty orzo.  The orzo was amazing.  Lots of flavor and just yum.  Made me really pause to really taste it despite how hungry I was.  The chicken is juicy, tasty and just wow.  You get basically half a chicken minus the wing.  The chicken is served on top of a slice of thick buttered Texas toast.Until next time!  I can't wait to try something else.
4	Food:-Pork belly with spicy tomato jam/candied pancetta/toasted points, MUST GET (unless your religion prohibits otherwise) or you'd be missing out on some serious mouthgasm.-Root's bbq brisket/Harris ranch braised short ribs/Smoked brisket, all were just okay, lacked tenderness and did not have enough flavor, but again my snobby tastebuds were trained on mind-blowing STL BBQ-Jalapeno cheddar grits and bacon baked beans were great sides, though the bacon was clearly missing from the cup of baked beansService:-Consistently really awesome-The waiter gets triple gold lovable stars for recommending smoked briskets ($13) over blackened red fish ($25), even if I should've probably gone with the fish
2	If you can get past the bitchy receptionist, the food is fairly decent. Let me preface my statement; we met a couple of friends here for an early dinner on a Sunday late afternoon with our 5 month old. The receptionist tried to insist that we sit in a booth that logistically would not have worked with the baby carrier and comfortably facilitate four adults. If you have kids, you understand what I'm talking about. I nearly got into an argument with the TWIT that we needed the extra space for comfort and basically had to just walk over to one of their crescent booth tables and plop our stuff down. A place of this caliber really should make better strides at hiring staff that possess a little common sense. Moving on.... the food is great, the atmosphere is nice. Our waitress was pleasant, she didn't go out of her way to make us feel overly comfortable or welcomed. I think next time we decide to go out we'll think of another location merely because of the sub par overall service we received. Don't these people realize that the consumer ALWAYS wins...?
5	I love this place. Enough said. Good beer. Their happy hour rocks and their appetizers are plentiful for the price. Yay.
4	Grassroots is by far the best surprise I've ever had. IN LIFE! EVER! Sorry. That's a little dramatic. But I am SO glad I finally stumbled upon this place.I had some besties in town and we were looking to have a tasty night out to dinner after a vigorous day of hiking, college basketball and patio-hopping. I don't really know how or why I came to the decision of Grassroots, but BOY HOWDY (yep.) am I glad I did!I used to work right over in this area and put Grassroots on my mental "to-try" list when it opened. Time got away from me, and I really have no idea why we just now tried it out, given how close it is to home. Nothing could prepare me for how glorious it was. Walking in, we were transplanted into someone's hip, modern kitchen with lots of Americana art adorning the sleek space. We were promptly sat at a high-top for 4 and perused the menu. We all ordered a cocktail (or beer) to start with, and my Hendricks/cucumber concoction was cool and refreshing. Ordered:~Burrata app: Heaven. Creamy, dreamy burrata served alongside lightly dressed arugula and tomato jam. Served with lil grilled toasts. So perfect.~Seasonal vegetable chop for the table to share: Not sure why, but our order came with chicken on it? At a normal time I'm sure we would have sent back but we had already placed our dinner order and it was getting closer to the kitchen closing. No matter. Those who weren't eating meat just picked around. The plethora of veggies was outstanding! (Beets, grapes, bnut squash, corn, edamame, cucumber, herbs, cherry tomatoes, feta, I'm sure I'm leaving something out.)My choice as my main was the grilled portobello sandwich, no mayo, add avocado. The combo of smokey porto, creamy avo and sharp, melty white cheddar was outstanding! The soft and warm sea salt foccacia was insanity. Paired with a side of fatty grilled asparagus spears, this meal was amazing. I also loved how they cut the sammie into tiny squares...easier to handle and inhale.Friends ordered the sashimi ahi salad (was told the ahi was PERFECT and it actually went better with the champagne vin that came out with the chop salad rather than the miso vin), the vegetable platter (the sauteed cabbage with goat cheese was TO DIE) and my boyfriend said his burger was one of the most perfect orders ever.With the meal, we ordered a bottle of the Rockus Bockus, which is a mix of Cab Franc and Zinfandel and was SO, SO perfect. Juicy, man. It's a new favorite.Service was great, even though we stayed a little past closing. Whoops. (PLEASE SCOTTSDALE, HAVE SOME NICE PLACES LIKE THIS THAT STAY LATER THAN 10:00 ON THE WEEKENDS, PLEASE!) There were several groups still lingering over drinks while we left, which I don't blame them for. What a great place to hang out and enjoy delicious bites. We will be back!
1	I have to give it one star...but I'd give it negative stars if I could.  I used to love this place...I brought many different friends there many different times and I am ashamed I did. Reason being for my review(and I've never 'yelped' before), my friends were treated awful there and not by just a server the manager/OWNER. I won't go into the details of the story; I will just sum it up.  Food was poorly prepared, brought to the attention of rude, incompetent server and then enter manager/OWNER. You'd think or hope he would be the one to save this situation but in fact he made it worse for my friends and him in the end because everyone we know will never give him our business or a second chance. He was rude, unwilling to fix or admit a situation, caused a situation that other patrons witnessed. Good luck
4	Our new favorite neighborhood restaurant. Great food, reasonable prices, excellent drinks.
5	Love how charming and quaint this hidden spot is! Service is hands down attentive and knowledge. The pork was eruptions of bliss with the candied pancetta and spicy tomato salsa. Pair it with the Michigan beer. If you're watching your waistline, the sashimi ahi tuna makes weight watching a breeze. The agave ponzu brings out the perfectly seared tuna. If all else fails, I highly recommend saving room for the key lime pie. The staff hand squeezes every lime, but it's not overpowering with just the right hint of tartness! I am a BIG fan :)
5	Visiting from Atl, my husband and I chose grassroots from yelp reviews.  When asking our server what her favorite salad was she stated veg chop with avocado.  It wasn't the most expensive salad(so I knew she was truthful). By far best salad I have eve had. What a treat and so fresh and healthy! Husband had bbq chicken and he loved it. He is a very picky eater.  Our service was timely pleAsant and didn't overstay their welcome.  The owner Chris , was extremely nice and gave us a heartfelt welcome.  We may be back for dinner!
4	Had a great dinner last night here!!Atmosphere was casual and upbeat and very comfortable.The menu selection had a great variety and the portions were just the right size to leave room for a yummy dessert.The food had great flavour,and was servered promptly by a friendly waiter.I would  definitely come back to this resturant again!!
4	Some days service great some times not. food great always
4	This is a solid neighborhood place.  My BBQ brisket was very good.  Always friendly service here at the bar.
4	This is a restaurant that I could see as my go-to casual restaurant in Scottsdale. Great atmosphere, clean and crisp while also having a few TVs in case the game is on.Farm to table menu with a ton of great options. So far have had the Ahi Tuna sandwich, great. The Ahi Tuna appetizer (on nachos) was delicious, and the mozzarella appetizer was even better.Would highly recommend for a casual night, reasonable beer and wine list as well.
5	AMAZING! The shrimp po-boy was piled high with tasty fried shrimp and the remoulade sauce was perfect. I crave this place at least once a week!
5	Popped in for lunch on Friday and it was packed!  Tried the Roasted Chicken Waldorf Salad and it was amazing...seriously delish!  The honey mustard dressing was a tad too sweet so I had creamy garlic instead and it really made the meal.  Will definitely be back!
5	I don't usually write reviews, but since we did end up at this place for dinner two straight nights during our stay in Scottsdale, it's getting one. I'm the type of person that tries something at a restaurant and is convinced that it can easily be re-created at home, but that isn't the case for Grassroots. You couldn't possibly replicate something that the chefs at Grassroots have already pretty much perfected, and in all honesty, you really wouldn't want to. The place is super charming, sleek and sophisticated, yet completely unassuming all at the same time. You could go here for a casual dinner with friends, on a date, or even for small plates after work--the place is as multidimensional as the food. The Seasonal Vegetable Chop was probably the best salad I've ever had, you know in LIFE. There's just something about each ingredient that hits your taste buds differently, and the variety of textures just amplify the flavors. The Grilled Portobello sandwich was equally awesome, and despite only having a few ingredients it lacked absolutely nothing. The salty focaccia really takes the smoky portobello, white cheddar and arugula combo to a whole other level of tasty goodness. Other pretty amazing dishes: the Sashimi Ahi Tuna salad and Smoked Brisket sandwich. You should also probably try the Chocolate Toffee Brownie. The taste when it hits your lips is kind of indescribable, so you're just going to have to trust me on this one. As far as the service goes, it puts other places to shame. No really, it does. Everyone was so friendly and attentive. When you go, ask for Eric, because he's the best. Oh and tell him Nadya sent you. He may not recall at first, but if enough of you mention me, he just might remember, or quite possibly send his temporal lobe into a tailspin. It's a toss-up. It's pretty obvious that the entire menu, from the most intricate to the basics, are all done with great attention to detail. So really, anything you order has the potential to be a truly satisfying and unique gastronomical experience. So go here.
4	Come hungry and parched
4	Stopped in today for our second visit, and was yet again won over by this little neighborhood jewel. Our first visit was for dinner, I ordered the grilled miso salmon - it was AWESOME. Hubs ordered the 'Roti & Rib' and thankfully he let me take a bite. I'm not a big fan of ribs, but these were just delicious! We then enjoyed some wine, good conversation, and good atmosphere. Today we stopped by for lunch, and were lucky to snag a seat on the patio. Again, the service was great. I ordered the veggie chop salad w /roasted chicken. It was so delicious! Chop salads can be tough to get right, and Grassroots did a smashing good job if I do say so myself. No wine today, as I had to go back to work after, but it would have been a perfect day for it. Highly recommend!
4	good
4	I stinkin adore this lovely neighborhood spot! The patio is always so inviting with its herb garden and flowering plants. On my return had the chance to try the NM chile and pork soup. The size was just perfect to hit the right spot of hearty yet overwhelmingly Buffet size portion. It is phenomenal. It's flavorful with the right balance of dimension of both slow roasted veggies and crisp cuts of fresh beets. I would want it a tad bit spicer but I'm sure it can be requested. I highly recommend that you not leave without having the sashimi ahi salad, a tall pint of the Michigan Celis White beer and the heavenly key lime pie. There's something about the whipped cream that is so nutty and the hand squeezed key lime is just simply perfection in a slice! I will warn that service gets overwhelmed during rush hour so anticipate a long lunch hour :)
5	We tried this restaurant for the first time tonight and were very impressed by it. It has a nice atmosphere, the service was good, and the food was amazing! I had the portabella sandwich on ciabatta bread. It was delicious and I loved that it was cut in four smaller pieces. There were a number of sides I could have chosen but I went with the french fries, which were thin, crispy and well seasoned with a slight kick to them. The pork chop was thick but well cooked and juicy. It comes with a fairly tasty spinach salad. For dessert, I highly recommend the Key Lime pie. Our waiter said it is something they are known for and I can see why. Some of the best Key Lime pie I have ever had! The slice was a good size and just the right amount of sour, tangy and sweet! Overall a great new find!
4	Scottsdale eats earlier than Denver does.  Back home, you could wander into any restaurant at 5:15 and sit right down.  Here, we were told we'd have a 20 minute wait, which turned out to be closer to 40 minutes.  Aside from being a bit irritating (though we understand what a guessing game "wait time" can be for the staff), we were also in a rush by the time we actually sat down because we had an event starting at 6:40.  The hostess came by a couple of times to assure us that we were getting closer, and eventually we were sat.We didn't explicitly tell our poor waiter that we were now in a big hurry, but our demeanor must have given us away.  He was efficient and fast, bringing us our food very shortly after we ordered, and bringing the bill to and from the table quickly.  We made it on time, and he made it look easy.  Kudos.The food was solidly above average.  I had a hankerin' for some of the southern food my grandma used to make, so I had the BBQ brisket with baked beans and grits.  It was exactly what I was looking for.  The brisket fell apart, the baked beans were hot and tasty, and the grits were creamy and delicious.  The BBQ sauce wasn't anything to write home about, but that's secondary to the meat being cooked properly, which it was.  Tanya had a salad, and it was a solid salad.  I believe it was the Waldorf.  It had a good amount of things that weren't just lettuce.I would like to come back again and be less rushed to really enjoy the ambiance, which is warm, open, and inviting.  The good food and great service warrant a return trip.
4	After urging by others we stopped by for early dinner here last week-pleasantly surprised by the great, lively, casual atmosphere-a great addition to McCormick Ranch for the locals! Salads were great and we will definitely stop by again to try the baby back ribs! Highly recommended!
5	Our go to lunch place.  It's owned by the same people that own Wallys so we were really excited to see Chris even closer to our office.  Food is always healthy, fresh, and served just right.  Great patio.  And I've even had a few of their drinks (after work, I promise!)
2	the food....the food is excellent. as it was on our last meal there. i was impressed before and i was impressed again with my food. the fish sandwich was cooked perfectly, the bread was crispy yet soft. my side of cheese grits with jalapeno was creamy and not over powered by the jalapeno. my wife loved her farm vegetable plate. i snuck a few bites and had to agree....tasty. our party was there for 3 hours. i feel like i'm being nitpicky when i complain about not having my water glass filled, but as my wife has mentioned before...i go out not only for the food, but for the service/experience. and my water glass was filled once...let me correct that....i had to ask for my water glass to be filled 3 times. i don't know if she was the only server, but she was non-existent. after we were seated, literally 15 minutes before she made herself known just for drinks. other than that, we basically didn't see her except when she stopped by to ask us if we wanted dessert. our food was brought out timely, but it was another 15-25 minutes before we got our drinks until our food order was taken. again, a number of factors could have been involved. it was busy last night, maybe a server called in sick, maybe they were trying to convey a european sense of dining, however, i was so thirsty when we left, i drank nearly a gallon of water when we got home. this place has excellent food and on our previous visit, the service was great. so we'll go back i'm sure. this was just an oddity i hope.
1	Call ahead for reservations, person on phone says we don't take call a heads, ask projected wait time if we arrive, person says can not state a certain time, I say just a ball park, can not tell you,  we show up place as least half empty, I ask for big booth sitting there empty, that's. for 6. I tell them we have badly handicapped person and require the space, if we cab have that place we will dine there, if not we will not, they say ok, I atate I. Tried to make a reservation and no reservations, they say yes we do,  I go out to get my guests and when we return different person starts to argue about the booth. The wrong meal brought for one of orders, frys hard and burned, what a disaster 20% tip given I am a sap.  Bye bye!
5	Love this place. Great food and service.  My new favorite restaurant. Short ribs are AMAZING!
5	Wonderful restaurant. The food is fresh and local and elegantly presented. The patio is beautiful. You will not regret a trip here.
4	We ended up here thanks to fabulous Yelpers and once again, you all know what you're talking about!  My ahi sandwich was yummy although it could have been cooked a teensy tiny bit less.  The jalepeno cheddar grits were to die for although I didn't taste any jalepeno.  Drinks are definitely strong so beware if you're imbibing.  We shared key lime pie for dessert which was also tasty.  Service was quick, attentive and friendly.  I don't get to this area that often but I would definitely come here again.
5	I don't know why it took me so long to make it to Grassroots, but it's quickly become one of my favorite restaurants. My first visit was on Valentine's Day with my boyfriend. We got a pitcher of MBC's Celis White (I was so excited to see Michigan beer on the menu!), and I ordered the Waldorf salad. We had awesome service, enjoyed the atmosphere, and I was treated with a flower at the end of my meal.Having lived in Scottsdale only a year, and there being so many different places to eat, there aren't many restaurants we've visited more than once. We've been back to Grassroots twice more in the last few months, and I wish we could take it with us when we move! We've never had to wait more than a couple minutes for a table (even on a Friday night), there are plenty of lower cost options on the menu, a great beer selection, and great service. The food is obviously delicious as well. I thoroughly enjoyed each dish I've had, including the cajun-spiced ahi tune sandwich and fries, and the roasted walnut chicken sandwich and jalapeno cheddar grits. All in all, it's a great place for some really good food, beer and atmosphere. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone!
4	Great lunch and amazing service.  Their smoked brisket sandwich was incredible.  Plus their patio is perfectly covered and comes with misters, which will make this a great place to stop by during the summer.
5	Fantastic restaurant.  Everything is fresh and delicious.  I loved the ribs and the brisket, and the cheddar grits (duh).  Definitely adding this to the rotation.
5	I've finally decided to review this great little restaurant since I've been here 5 or more times.  I was first dragged here several months ago by my father who lives close to there, for lunch.  This place is owned by the same people who own Wally's, and he is a Wally's fan while I am not, and so I wasn't thrilled about the prospect.  I was glad to be proven wrong.  I have to admit, I have had only one thing on the menu: the seasonal vegetable chop salad.  It's seriously one of my favorite things in life and I eat A LOT OF SALADS.  There are so many different ingredients that somehow don't compete with eachother but rather delicately blend together and yet all stand out as delicious little pops of flavor in every bite.  I have seen dining partners order various things from the menu and have never seen anyone disappointed.  Sweet Pea loved the hamburger, and he's a real hamburger aficionado, often proclaiming them "too charbroil-y" or other made up adjectives that I don't quite understand.  The jalapeno cheddar grits that he got as a side were out of this world- just enough of both the pepper and the cheese flavors without being overwhelming.  I think my exact comment on them was "I'd like to dive headfirst into a vat of these and eat my way out."  The service is always top notch.  Go, you won't be disappointed.
4	What a great find!  I live close by and decided to stop in for lunch.  The Chicken Walnut Salad sandwich was incredible...very tasty.  Huge sandwich!  The Ahi Tuna Salad was delightful, with a yummy miso vinaigrette and crunchy wasabi peas.  I will definitely go back to try dinner!
4	This place is a nice addition to the area.  The area needed a solid place with good food that is geared to the younger crowd and Grassroots hit the mark.  They have a menu full of comfort food-like selections that doesn't overwhelm you with choices.For an appitizer my table shared the barrata which was excellent and perfect to share because of it's size.  I was also surprised at the size of the short rib entree.  You get 3 large hunks of rib that were cooked perfectly.  The BBQ sauce was just ok but the meat was plenty flavorful and tender so it really didn't need much.  The grits were also delicious and a perfect compliment to the ribs.  The 2 under cooked asparagus spears were more for decoration than to be eaten though.  I also sampled the bbq brisket which was also very good.  As with the short rib, I prefer my meat a little fattier (I know, I'm sick) so it wasn't out of this world good for me.All-in-all Grassroots was a good experience and I would return.  Next time I'm getting the shrimp and grits for sure.
4	What a surprise!  This place is pretty darn good.  When a colleague called me up to go to lunch and said "hey, let's go to Grassroots", my immediate response was "dude, that's not one of those healthy vegan places is it? because I don't like those kind of restaurants".....he laughed and said "trust me, this is your kind of place".....he was right.We met around 11:30 am for lunch and the parking lot in the shopping center it's in was jam packed.  When it's mid-day in Arizona, the last thing you want to do is park far away from the restaurant and walk in dress clothes to/from your car....it's too hot.  In this case, I had to park really far away in the parking garage.  The parking situation gets 1 Star.The food and service on the other hand gets a solid 4 Stars.  I decided to go with the Smoked BBQ Beef Brisket Sandwich w/Fries, $13.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grassroots-kitchen-and-tap-scottsdale?select=Fd9b4bUF72Anw5bE3sFiZA#Fd9b4bUF72Anw5bE3sFiZAI immediately fell in love with the Sandwich after 1 bite.  The Cole Slaw that was put on top of the Brisket was the perfect compliment....this thing is full of flavor.  However, it was messy...I don't recommend it for a business lunch.....I am trying to stop ordering messy menu items during business lunches, but for some reason I can't stop.  Good thing I didn't get any on me.Our server was attentive and friendly.  Despite the joint being packed for lunch and crazy busy, she was able to ensure we were well taken care of.Tip - Ask for a table away from the front door.  There are several tables near the front door and we sat at one of them.  Since it's so busy, there are 2 things about those tables that are bad....the constant opening of the door lets in the 400 degree convection oven air from the Sonoran Desert and it's very hard to stay cool....the other thing is that when people wait for their table, they're almost on top of you.That said, next visit we'll sit in the back.Return Factor - 85%
4	Came in with a large group on June 22nd during the evening. We sat at a large table that offered the option of playing checkers and scrabble while we waited, which we enjoyed. My husband ordered the miso salmon and I had a burger and fries. Food was good and service was good until the bill came. The bill was sorted for all the parties which I appreciated. However when looking more closely I realized that gratuity was added. I don't have a problem with auto grat but I had a problem with not being told it had been added. Some people didn't notice and double tipped which was not their intention. I mentioned it to the people on my side who appreciated the heads-up. I realize this may not be the restaurant's intention but the server's but I do find it a shady practice when this happens.
5	My husband and I love this fun place with terrific food. Have always been a fan of Wally's, and Chris, the owner, has proved he has all of his fathers talent and more. Try the bbq baby back ribs. Yum
3	Short ribs excellent. Service satisfactory. Biggest issue was deciding whether to sit inside or outside, as servers admitted the AC in the building was not enough. He stated the owner's are working on getting another unit. It was actually cooler outside (108 degrees) with misters then inside. No apology, just is what it is.  I'll go back with client's again AFTER they resolve the AC issue.
4	Great menu! Try the shrimp & grits!
5	I have been coming to Grassroots since it's opening and have never had a bad experience or a bad meal. They have a great beer selection, and wonderful food. My girlfriend and I are hooked on the Brisket sandwich, and often go there just for that sandwich. Their patio has really come along nicely, complete with heaters and misters, and herb gardens. Because it was packed recently, we braved the patio in the summer with the misters, and it was pleasantly comfortable (as long as you don't mind a little wetness). By far, one of my favorite neighborhood restaurants.
4	Really close to my office and awesome for lunch. I have not tried their dinner yet but hear great things. Patio is very dog friendly which Ziggy loves and the Tune Poke appetizer is amazing! You won't regret it, fresh, delicious food served with a smile every time.
5	What an amazing place finally came to the McCormick Ranch area of Scottsdale.Grassroots has an excellent menu of great dishes at reasonable prices. Great friendly atmosphere and terrific Happy Hour seven days a week. You can't go wrong with this choice.
4	Holy moley these guys throw together a mean, green salad machine! My team brought me here for my pre-birthday lunch. I ordered the Club House half-salad w/ chicken and had I been wearing socks, they would've been knocked right off of my tootsies.We went at about noon, so parking was a little tricky, but as we approached someone pulled out *giggle* and we were able to get the rock star parking a pre-bday lunch enjoying girl should get. (If you saw some of the heels I wear, you'd probably sign a petition for me to get self-imposed handicap parking...you know, the handicap spots that you find that are nowhere near a door, but are still closer than BFE at the ass-end of Wallyworld?)Anywho, since it was noon, there was a little bit of a wait (maybe 5-7 minutes) to sit inside however they have open seating at the bar and outdoor seating (which is what we went with). The temperature outside was oh-my-f'ing-holy-hell-hot for only 1-2 minutes, at this point we had our promptly delivered liquid refreshments and had become acclimated to the misters (for those not from hot places, those are the delightful mist contraptions they put on restaurant patios to keep guests cool, not a euphemism for the guys at the table...get it? Misters? lol)The salad dressing they used was all I could think about for the rest of the day. It was phenomenal. The server was quick and efficient and the hostess was on the ball. Oh...and did I mention there's a full bar? Yeah, check this spot out. YUM!
5	Have lived close to this restaurant for many years. drive past this place every day but thought it was a vegan restaurant. Boy was I wrong. Went tonight during happy hour which runs from 3-6 PM. The interior of the restaurant is inviting with a large and welcoming bar in the center. Very cozy and comfortable interior.  TV's overhead at the bar. Now..the food, oh, the food. At happy hour my husband and I had the brisket sliders with Carolina barbecue sauce. You get three sliders with pickles and a subtle but not too sweet sauce, loved it as the vinegar flavor was excellent. The cost at happy hour is $5. We also had the wings which had The same sauce and were delicious. The club salad is excellent with a garlic dressing. The salmon is grilled and was moist. Would highly suggest this dish. The man next to me at the bar had the ribs which he was raving over. So glad there is a new place I can go to in the neighborhood. If you come for dinner you can make a reservation . Try Grassroots, this place will not disappoint.
5	Great food and great food variety! The wine selection is great and the staff is awesome!
5	Still an excellent lunch spot with free wifi as well as an enjoyable dinner venue. I had last Wednesday's Gumbo special, (sausage and chicken variety) which was excellent. The bowl probably was enough for lunch, but I needed an order of their jalapeno cheese grits which may be the world's best. Excellent food, excellent service. We continue to enjoy this restaurant every trip to Scottsdale!
4	I tried Grassroots last weekend - convenient location, friendly little spot, and great decor. Loved the ice-cold water, with no ice. I have this thing about worrying ice is always dirty. Anyhow, the ribs and shoestring fries were super good. I had a taste of the roasted chicken and it was also pretty good. Very moist and tender. I definitely want to go back and try more. A little on the higher end of price range, but nothing at all unreasonable for the quality of food. I always love when things are locally sourced as well, makes the eating feel so much cleaner.
5	Yummy! My first visit has ensure me a second visit, (when in that neighborhood)! Drink: My friend and I shared a pitcher of sangria, which was light and refreshing. We both agreed it was on the light side which we much prefer over sweet. 1 starFood: I had the free range chicken. It was very flavorful and juicy. We shared the brownie desert. It put us over our belt buckles but was well worth it! 2 stars Atmosphere: Considering, it was a 100 degree evening, eating outside was comfortable. Lighting was great and misters help cool the area off. 3 starsPrice: To be predicted for that area of Scottsdale. I will say the portions are generous!!  4 stars And now we are at 5 stars for service! Friendly, timely, and clean!
3	I'm new to the area from Houston, TX so went here for dinner on Friday night.  We had heard the place is cool and hip.  1) Food = 5 stars - my finance and I both got the swordfish special, it was fantastic! If this was solely a food review, 5 stars for sure2) Service= 4.5 stars - no complaints overall3) Ambiance - it has a TON of potential, but the music in my opinion was SO bad to the point that I will not go back.  Maybe I'm sensitive to ambiance / music, but the place is pretty cool and could be so much better.  The music made me feel like "the lights are on, the parties over".  I could be way off from others, but personally, it's a deal breaker for me.  I mean, it was 7:30 on Friday night and there is elevator music on?  Really?  I'm sure we'll be back as I live so close and the food was great, but it will be in and out for food if the music is as poor as it was last time.
5	The best of the best... The menu Is varied so one can order bar-style food or lunch or dinner. Bartenders make great drinks and have a nice selection of wine. Staff is very friendly. This place is as close to your "Cheers" environment as one can get. Nice outdoor dining, family style dining, private tables and bar seating allows one to select their individual preference. This is the perfect place for entertain business guests, friends and/or family.
4	The first thing you notice is that this place has a nice atmosphere - modern country chic.  I had been to the restaurant that previously occupied the space and it's unrecognizable.  The service is above average starting when the hostess opened the door as we approached.  They are very pleasant and solicitous without being overbearing.  I drink a lot of water and they were all over it.  Most diners were in shorts and tee-shirts, even workout clothing, but the staff treated us like we were out for a very fine meal.  And it was a very fine meal.  My husband and I weren't overly hungry so we split the portobello sandwich.  It was delicious - the mushroom was thick and tender, the other ingredients complimented it beautifully, and the focaccia bread was brushed with sea salt.  Our side, the loaded potato, was enormous and baked to perfection.  It was a great portion, so we didn't have room to try the desserts, though they sounded great.We saw many things on the menu that we wanted to try, so less than a week later, I went over to pick up some take-out.  We ordered the tuna sandwich and the vegetable plate (and two of those excellent potatoes - my sandwich came with one, and we bought another to accompany the veggies).I eat a lot of seared tuna - it's my go-to order at just about any restaurant, all over the valley and in travels worldwide.  This was one of the top 3 tuna sandwiches I have ever had.  The fish was cooked perfectly and the cajun flavor complemented it without overpowering it.  I was incredibly impressed.  The vegetables were lovely, as well, though I suspect my husband found cabbage and chard (the seasonal vegetables) to be a little unusual - he absolutely loved the asparagus and tomatoes, though.  Our baked potatoes were amazing, again.Since then, we've been back many times, and everything we've tried has been well-executed and delicious.  The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is that it's a little pricey - the quality is absolutely superior, but a $15 tuna sandwich ($16 with avocado) is just a hair above reasonable.
1	Didn't get beyond drinks at Grassroots which is unfortunate. First they had two booths available but refused to let us sit there because they don't let reserve booths ...well except if you happen to be a bigger party. We waited at the bar and when a booth was available but the hostess didn't offer to help carry very full drinks. (And told us to clear the bar tab which we actually didn't have to ). I mentioned to her that it's good customer service to help carry drinks and them she went to the other hostess and was laughing about my comments. I requested to talk to the manager (whom happened to be the owner) and whom came with an attitude. He said he hadn't trained his staff to do that and he saw his restaurant as a neighborhood restaurant. Not sure what that had to do with good customer service and it did't help when he impatiently tapped his hand while talking to us. First don't be be defensive about feedback. Second, listen with the intent of caring about the customer. Lastly, aspire to be something great rather than average for your customer.. We instead went to Pig. & Pickle and had fabulous food AND customer service. We won't ever go to Grassroots and I recommend you don't either.
1	With a name like Grassroots (basics), you would think that hospitality would be part of the customer experience. Not here unfortunately.  The owner/manager, is arrogant and basically a bully. He doesn't take feedback well nor does he train his employees properly to delight customers.I was here for a business  meeting 4 days ago.  The food was ok. Service was ok.  I saw they had shrimp po'boy on the menu and told my husband about it.  I brought him here just for the po'boy, but unfortunately never made it to the food since the overall customer experience up to having drinks was not great.We made a reservation for a booth, but when we got there they didn't have one.  They said they couldn't guarantee one. Why didn't they tell us that on the phone?We sat at the bar to have drinks, then within 10 minutes got moved to a table. No offer to help us move the drinks to the table . We asked to speak to the manager. When he came over he was tapping his business card on the table. He immediately had a an attitude. He spoke to my husband telling him that he didn't train his employees to help move glasses to the tables. And he looked at me and said "what about you?" Huh? Not sure what that meant but I told him I had come here the other night and brought back my husband to try an item on the menu and he said "keep 'em coming" like I should keep coming back! We paid for our drinks and left.Morale of the story here... Just because you own a restaurant doesn't mean you should. It's a customer service oriented business.  If you are not good at that don't own a restaurant or be smart hire a manager and staff that can provide great customer service.
4	This was my first experience at grassroots.   Neat vibe here.   I had the blackend fish sandwich.   The sauce was delish.   @ QuinteroGolf
5	Great restaurant for a quick lunch. They focus on Southern cuisine but they definitely have something for everyone. The service is mediocre (a little slow) but I've never had a problem worth mentioning.  I've tried a ton of their appetizers, sandwiches and entrees and everything is great.I'd highly recommend the Southern Shrimp & Grits, very fresh shrimp and sauteed vegetables on a plate of their jalapeno and cheddar grits.
4	I went for a lunch with a couple of customers, they suggested it. I loved the concept is fresh and the place is nice. I loved the full service bar and the sitting out side. The menu is simple but offers a lot of good options. Service is as friendly as it can be and service is very good. I ordered the salmon with asparagus, it is organic and it was cooked to perfection, melted in my mouth. the asparagus were the big thick ones and also were cooked to perfection, crunchy but soft. My customers ordered a salad, not sure which but looked amazing and plentiful and the Tuna sandwich and also looked amazing. I also tried the lemonade, is it freshly made with real lemons, also fantastic. I will definitely will be back, I have to try so many other option on the menu!! This will definitely become a favorite of mine.
5	Grassroots is simply amazing. They have a great selection of beer and wine on tap as well as a simple but delicious menu. I had there chicken and rib combo plate and I have to say it was great. The ribs were so tender the meat just fell of the bone. The chicken was also very tender and juicy. The homemade colsaw was fresh and tasty. Everything about this place is really good. I would recomend it to anyone.
4	The BBQ ribs were very moist and  delicious! The brownie dessert was very tasty as well. Although, the coleslaw was a bit odd, and had a strong peanut flavor! Overall, very good dinner!
5	We tried Grassroots for the first time tonight and loved it! My wife went all vegetarian with a portobello sandwich and a side farmers vegetable chop.  I didn't think I'd like either, but now I want to come back and get those for myself. I had the shrimp po boy. It to was delicious.  We sat out on the patio which had nice ambiance.  Can't wait to try other menu items!
4	We had a lovely birthday lunch here today!  Domingo gave us fabulous service.  The ahi tuna salad was a favorite.  The  chicken salad sandwich was terrific!  But really the brownie took the cake
4	Great food, good date night type place.I wish i wrote this review earlier, my wife and I went here awhile ago and to be honest I don't remember much about the food besides the fact that we both got different sandwiches they had. It was a good amount of food, not to stuff you, but not to leave you wanting to order 5 more things to satisfy yourself.I do remember we enjoyed going there and will definitely be back again.
5	Excellent food and attentive service. A very enjoyable dining experience. I recommend the salmon and Burrata appetizers. The brisket entree was delicious. We had the apple pie this evening, and it was wonderful.
5	We live very close to this resturant and thought we would give it a try.  We are very picky with resturants because my husband and I are good cooks, but we both LOVED this place.  Great food! Good atmosphere- inside and outside!  And the service was fantastic!!!Fantastic portabella sandwich with jalepeno grits!!  Price is a little high but worth it!
5	Went yesterday. We sat outside the patio was awesome. I don't usually yelp but the service and food was spot on. had a salad and  ribs. Waldorf was a great salad and the ribs were super tender and on point.  Our server was very knowledgeable and knew exactly what he was doing without trying to hard. I don't remember his name but he looks like Zac Efron. Great spot hope they continue.
4	We had a terrific meal here! It was hard to decide on what to order because they offer a nice variety of plates you don't see everywhere with many irresistible side option choices.I went with the Blackened Fish Sandwich, the fish they offer differs between a few and is red fish sometimes but on my day it was Maui Maui. My side I picked was fresh green beans with olive tapanade and feta cheese. Everything on plate was delicious, the fish was prepared perfect on an above average artisan bun with a tasty slightly spicy sauce and some toppings and I thought my side was above average too it was also prepared perfect and seasoned very nicely.My husband went with the shrimp po boy. He said it was also delicious and prepared perfect but could have used a little more shrimp. He couldn't decide on one side so he picked two and had to have the dirty orzo and the jalapeno cheese grits. He said they were awesome and we have to come back to here again.I was full but we wanted to try dessert and went with the house made apple pie because it was a special offering that they don't have all the time. They bring out a large slice that is plenty for two people dressed with caramel and vanilla gelato. I liked that the pie had a super thin crust and the apples were cooked well and nicely seasoned but for my taste the crust was a little doughy but it still was good.Service was fantastic!A very solid four stars!
5	Checked out this restaurant for the first time and not only was the food delish... The service was more than outstanding. Our server went above and beyond!! She has a fantastic attitude and exceeded our expectations!! Thanks Blaire!!! She was phenomenal and only hope the rest of the staff are the same when I return. Which I will!! The food was incredible as well. Can't wait to come back and try the entire menu!!Yum!!
4	Always awesome, especially the shrimp grits & margarita!  Also love the shrimp po' boy.  Desserts are great too.  Place is nice but casual.  Modern but comfortable.  Huge wrap-around bar is great place to hang out, eat and drink.  Patio is great too.
5	Great food and great service at grassroots!  Dont miss out on the brisket sandwich; it's incredible!!
3	Hopped over here after finding that our original destination, Spotted Donkey Cantina, had closed. The restaurant is definitely a nice one, with a wonderful atmosphere - relaxing, casual, yet upscale. I dined with my husband and another couple, and they all loved their food. I think I had less love simply because there weren't a lot of vegetarian options, and what I got was not all that special. However what my meat-eating friends got did look amazing and they all confirmed it. I had the Grilled Portobello sandwich, and it was just fine. Not all that exciting (mushroom sandwiches and risotto are pretty boring to me since they are the de facto vegetarian options). My girlfriend got the club house salad and the Sunday soup of the day, and both looked awesome. The salad was big and full of cheese/meat toppings. The soup looked and smelled out of this world, and was a very substantial bowl of soup. My husband had the chicken and thought it was really good. I ordered the chocolate toffee brownie for dessert, and it was good however since toffee was in the title I was expected a lot of toffee, whereas there were just a few sprinkles of it.I highly recommend Grassroots for the meat-eating population, but less so for those of us who only eat veggies.
5	Solid food, good atmosphere, and attentive staff. Not much else to add here.   Love this restaurant and it is close to home.Extra bonus: Great outside patio--it is very generous and well protected from the elements while still being in the fresh air.The only (possible) negative is that it can get very busy, even on weeknights.  Plan on a short wait.  They are pretty good about seating you as quickly as possible, so I don't get discouraged even when I see a line out the door.
4	Grassroots really has it going on! We had sharing deal called poke something! Loved it. BBQ brisket was fab. Shannon didn't refill my water but she got a great tip anyway. What war had a flag that says Don't tread on me ?  No one knew even though it is in a huge frame prominantly displayed. Maybe I'll tell some day!
5	Nice little neighborhood Gastro Pub, love the chopped salad nothing but fresh veggies!!!
5	One of my favorite restaurants for lunch and dinner! The farmers chopped salad is awesome, if I go for lunch I usually order this with chicken. The Cardiff salad is another one of my favorites. The ingredients always seem high quality and very fresh. They have a great selections of salads/sandwiches, I've tried a few and have never been disappointed. Lots of tasty southern comfort food. Service has always been excellent - attentive and friendly. They have a great patio that is enclosed during the winter months with heaters so it stays comfortable even on chilly nights. And for dessert, I'm obsessed with their toffee brownie with vanilla ice cream. It's stupid good. It can get busy - if you show up during prime lunch/dinner hours, expect to wait.
5	Awesome dinner and drinks!! I had great service and the atmosphere/music was wonderful. My server Tyler was excellent and I can't wait to come back!!!
3	This is a cool neighborhood restaurant. They have done a nice job with the neighborhood vibe and atmosphere. I sat on the back patio at a long picnic style table which was very enjoyable. I tried the highly recommended shrimp po'boy but, I was not blown away by it. The side that I got with it was the jalapeno cheddar grits which was the best thing that I tried there. I felt that for what we received the items were just a tad bit overpriced.
5	Good Food nice atmosphere and well executed.  This is a nice place to have a dining experience.  I have been there twice and have been very happy both times.  Food is well thought out and they have a very balanced menu of items to appeal to any taste.  I have had the Pork Belly appetizer both times, its killer.  I dine with my family so we all get something different and "taste" the Southern Shimp, Ahi Tuna entree, Red fish and short ribs are all great items, the jalapeno grits is outstanding.  This place is well done and worth the price points.  As far as the 2 people that gave them one star, they are both from California and we know that people that live volunteerily California are not right in the head.
3	Ok service, great atmosphere and ambiance and exceptional food.  Loved this place and will come back, but thewaiters need to pay attention to their customers.
4	Get the jalapeno cheddar grits. You will NOT be disappointed. Tasty food. Little on pricey side but it's Scottsdale.
5	Checked this place out for dinner based on proximity to my hotel, and Yelp reviews.  I'm sooooo happy I did.  I was in Scottsdale for the night on business and stopped into Grassroots with no expectations.  It was a Tuesday night and the place was surprisingly pretty packed.  I found the one lone seat at the bar and was promptly greeted by a friendly bartender.  I saw the couple next to me order a cup of soup and it looked good (I'm a creepy food peeper), so I decided to try it.  The soup of the day was Chicken Tortilla.  I was planning on picking the tortilla strips out, but there was cheese stuck to them and I couldn't fathom wasting cheese, so I took one for the team and ate them.  The soup was seriously to die for.  As I was eating it, I was texting a friend and explaining how I would be bathing in that soup if hadn't just showered.  THAT's how good it was.  I also tried the Cardiff salad which was a chopped salad with shrimp.  It was one of the best salads I've ever had.  I went in there starving, and could only finish half the salad.  It was loaded with shrimp, and the dressing was amazing.The atmosphere is classy and trendy, the staff is super efficient and pleasant.  If I'm back in the area, I will definitely re-visit.
5	One of our favorite places to eat. I did not even like beef brisket until I tried this place! Their poke was the closest I have had to Hawaii's poke in the valley, very delicious. They have great happy hour food and drinks. Always a safe go to for tasty quality food:)
5	Sat at the bar. Had a great martini, chicken with sausage rice, beautiful half salad, and finished it off with great coffee and a wonderfully decadent brownie topped with ice cream.  A fabulous lunch.  Crowded but not noisy!
5	One of the better restaurants in town. Southern influenced  solid American food with great service and amazing dinner and desserts. Ribs are good but brisket is the way to go...
4	Stopped in to Scottsdale for the final days of the 2014 Spring Training season. Stopped in to a favorite spot, Grassroots. They did not disappoint!  Started with a couple of craft beers and the Burrata starter. The Burrata with arugula and a house made jam over toast was really nice. The tuna poke starter was fresh with big chunks of fresh Avacado - great flavor. We shared the baby back ribs. They were tender and flavorful -- the BBQ sauce was killer!  The ribs were a bit scarce on the meat (I'm used to St. Louis cut), but tasted really good.
4	The place has definitely created an atmosphere that fits the neighborhood. The menu ventures beyond most neighborhood comfort staples and that merits an extra visit or two. The place has a professionalism and creativity that reflects the experience of ownership.
5	Amazing food that is not overly expensive. Great place for lunch! Every time I come here I try something different and its good each time.
5	Stopped here today for lunch.Greeted and Seated promptly.  Server was immediately at our table offering water and taking drink orders. Draft beers were reasonably priced with a fair selection I ordered the Southern Shrimp & Grits - (Gulf White Shrimp over jalapeno-cheddar grits with Tasso ham relish & toasted baquette).  Service was PROMPT! I think we waited maybe 15 minutes for food.  This dish was delicious! - great tastes, the grits were smooth and flavorful with the shrimp having a nice spiciness.We had a side order of  the shoestring potatoes- one of their side item choices - They were fabulous! Lite, crispy, seasoned just right.  We ate way too many of them!
5	Great food!
3	The husband and I met my dad here for dinner tonight. I was excited to eat here after having gone to their new location a couple weeks ago. I would say that this location wasn't as good as the other. It wasn't bad, but the food did taste different. We had the sweet roll sliders with brisket which was much different than the other location. The brisket was sliced instead of chopped into smaller pieces and it was less saucy. It was still good, just different. We also got the happy hour wings, which were tiny and not very flavorful, the jalapeno grits which were not very flavorful either. We also had the waldorf salad which was really delicious and fresh. I would definitely get that again.
4	Love this place. Great open air vibe with plenty of great menu choices. The food is fresh, properly prepared and seasoned with a gentle hand. Drinks flow easily out of the bar, and happy hour specials are on par with the best in Scottsdale. I highly recommend this spot for Lunch, Dinner, or Happy Hour.
1	Shrimp and Grits were good.    (I'm from Louisiana,  so it may be an A+ for people not from the south).   We also had the blackened fish sandwich,  baked beans and chopped salad.  All of these items were awesome.   Why 2 stars?  Snotty and very abrupt young hostess.  Says 25 min wait for some and permits immediate seating for others who have no reservation.  Also,  the service did not match the good food.   These things matter.
5	Grassroots is a fabulous little lunch spot in Scottsdale. It has a strong neighborhood vibe and is immediately likable upon entrance. The restaurant provides seating variety - around the bar, a common table and standard two and four tops. The service was casual yet professional with very friendly and knowledgeable servers. Lunch is a busy time, so reserve or expect a little wait for a table. We opted for a bar seat which worked perfectly. Now, onto the food.Grassroots offers a varied and local menu. I'm sure you will notice that that the shrimp and grits is frequently reviewed (and ordered) for a reason - it's awesome.  The dish is well balanced and delivers the right mix of cheese gooey-ness and spice. It is not very southern, but this is Scottsdale...Order it! My lunch companion selected the ahi, also excellent and worth consideration. The key lime pie is sublime. Overall, a great restaurant and my new goto haunt for a special occasion lunch around the office.  Hope you enjoy it as well.
1	I have to say,  I am quite disappointed in this restaurant. I am a frequent guest at Wally's. I love it and have introduced many friends and family members there.  Unfortunately,  I will not be recommending this place to anyone.  They do not seem to understand the concept of customer service.  While dining we were told "no," way more than yes by our waitress.  The food was okay,  but certainly nothing to write home about. We waited a long time just to get our drinks refilled,  and the place wasn't even busy. On a lighter note,  the ambiance is cute, but there were a lot if fly's buzzing around and hanging out on our food,  which is never a good thing. Overall, there are a lot of dining options in Scottsdale,  I would  recommend going somewhere else.
5	Love!! Monday's red beans and rice are my absolute favorite. Such great service and vibe! Highly recommend the coleslaw too!
5	I LOVE this place.  I'm a patio person and they have a very lovely place to sit outside - but the inside dining or bar area are nice as well.They have interesting wines - not the same as everywhere else.  Highly recommend the short ribs.  Incredible.  Kudos!
4	Great happy hour food & drinks.  The bar staff was great as well. I typically hesitate to write a great review for most places because after I do, they become overcrowded and I can no longer enjoy them.  But I will be back!
4	Still good.  Servers are changing over and the bar attention was kind of blah compared to before. Eat here often!!!
4	Grassroots is the type of restaurant that one can tell is serving fresh made to order food. The burgers are great, the brisquit is great, the sides are awesome. I have tried the fish and the steak. Both excellent. I have never had a bad meal.
3	A-OK. That's what I have to say about Grassroots.It's not a negative review by any means. Would I go back, probably not. I'm moving out of the valley and currently live in Central Phoenix. Scottsdale isn't a place I frequent often.BUT, we were across the street signing the final documents at the title agency for the sale of our house, and we asked for a recommendation from our realtor for lunch. He said Grassroots. Nice and fresh. So away we went.It was just before 1pm on a Friday afternoon. We walked in and they said immediate seating at the bar or a wait of about 15-25 minutes for a table. We opted to wait, though that ended up only being about 10 minutes (or it went by fast). Luckily they have adirondack chairs out front in the shade for relaxing.We were seated on the patio, a little warm at first on a 100 degree day, but once the misters kicked on it was pleasant. Menu was appealing. Husband went with roti & ribs and I had the seared ahi tuna. Ribs were good, chicken was dry. Tuna was delicious (though they were unnecessarily heavy handed with the sauce) and the salad was tasty, but the cole slaw large and too much. Too much cabbage. We shared the key lime pie for dessert. It was light and creamy.If you're in the area and want a nice fresh meal, try here.
5	The Key Lime Pie and Coconut Cream Pie pushed my reviews up. The Coconut Cream pie is the best I've ever had. YUM!!! Even my husband that isn't crazy about Coconut Cream pie LOVES it!Also, I love their Coleslaw!
5	Ohh this was very yummy!  And quick!  I had the brisket sandwich which was excellent.
4	I like Grassroots for several reasons:1. Good service. Everyone is nice, attentive, and the recommendations are usually very good.2. Happy hour, or as they like to call it, social hour, features several good appetizers and drinks at reasonable prices. Some happy hours don't really seem like a good deal but Grassroots does a nice job.3. Lots of tasty, light beers on tap that go well with the year round warm to hot Phoenix weather.4. Burrata is yummay and I love the accompanying sweet tomato chutney. The sliders are actually really good and the beef is moist and tender.Give it a go. There's something for everyone on the menu.
5	When I'm hungry my mind tends to dream of plates of jalepeno cheddar grits ... salivating short ribs ... Smoked salmon swimming in remoulade sauce... And then I realize I'm dreaming about Grassroots. And then I go and eat all of those meals I mentioned and leave extremely satisfied happy. Dreams do come true.
5	Still the best of the best. It has become the standard by which all others are measured. I love the environment, the staff, the food and the drinks!Home Sweet Home!I had the shrimp and grits tonight with a Tito's martini. Loved it! And, their house special dessert tonight, apple pie a la mode was fantastic.
4	I wanted to go here because of all the good reviews on Yelp.  Strangely, when I asked locals about it, nobody seemed to know what it was (and they thought it was a vegetarian place because of the name).  Could it be Scottsdale's best kept secret?  Well I'm glad I gave it a try.  The smoked salmon appetizer is amazing.  Good food, good wine, good service.  I will come back here again as soon as I can.
4	Went here a few weeks ago with a few friends. Love the place! It's has a very nice atmosphere. I only got dessert and it was very good! My other friends got salads and said that it was delicious as well. Definitely a fan, glad I drove by!
5	Great dishes here.  From the pork belly for appetizers, to the river trout for entree, to the absolutely sublime key lime pie, everything here was perfect.  It has the feel of a local diner, but in a up scale Scottsdale Southwestern style.  I love it, and can't wait to go back!
3	The food was good but the service was lousy. Our waitress definitely had an attitude. Although I have some dietary issues, no changes were allowed to the menu. It took several passes with the waitress so I could choose something that would not instigate a health issue. Atmosphere is nice, but if you don't have reservations you are seated by the kitchen. Worth visiting, but don't dare question the chef's palate.
5	There is not one bad dish. Smoked salmon appetizer is top notch. It's a meal by itself. On Monday, I highly recommend red beans and rice. The burger is among the best I've had. Great patio in all seasons and the bar is very friendly and comfortable.
4	Prefer chairs at the bar. A little nippy on here today. Very friendly staff. My husband loves the smoked salmon
5	Hands down, my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale.  The service, the ambience, the food, the drinks...yum!
4	I was happily surprised with Grassroots! For some reason, the name has always made me think it would be a health food restaurant, but it's quite the opposite! It's really more of a hearty and homey restaurant with great BBQ among other hearty items on the menu. We dined here at night and although the summer temps were high, we were still able to enjoy eating on the patio. The atmosphere here is nice and charming. It would be great to come with a couple friends, family or even on a date night. I ended up ordering the chicken salad sandwich which had great flavor and was very hearty. It was on thick bread and came with fries. Every bite was delicious. In addition to the food and atmosphere, the service was excellent as well. I will definitely be back soon to enjoy another meal here.
4	Had the roti and 1/2 rack of ribs. The chicken was great, the ribs were a bit dry but not bad. Don't know if it was worth the price though. If we come here again I think I'll stick with just the rotisserie chicken
4	We came here with neighbors for lunch after a movie. We arrived about 1:30 which was good. I doubt we would have found a table before then. It is obviously popular. I had the soup du jour and the club salad. I was pleased. The others had sandwiches and were pleased.  Key Lime pie and apple pie ala mode were well received. I was the only alcohol drinker. The pale ale and ipa were ok but not great. The wines by the glass didn't excite me and I felt high priced. Service was straightforward and attentive. Good lunch but expensive at about $20 per person excluding my beers. I guess everyplace is expensive these days.
4	I have gone here many times for meetings. The location couldn't be better along with the food. The salads are amazing along with their lemonade. The waiters tend to not bother you by keep coming back to your table to ask questions. The service is great and they do a good job of not interrupting your discussion when refilling glasses/clearing plates.
4	I came here for lunch at the prime time of 12:00 with mi madre. We walked in and greeted by, I believe a manger, whom welcomed us in and told us the hostess, Jessica would be right with us. It was super friendly start to a great meal. Jessica was quick to meet us with a big smile and pleasantly quoted us around 15 minutes to get a table, which isn't too shabby for the noon lunch rush. My mother and I huddled around the hostess station because there was no where to sit and wait, except for several adirondack chairs outside. However, this wasn't an option for me because being the native Phoenician that I am, I cannot stand this current humidity and several other folk had the same plan. Instead we all either herded left or right to let people in and out of the entrance door.We were seated in about 10 minutes, which could have been sooner, but we opted to sit inside instead of their cutely decorated patio complete with living walls. Three glass garage doors separated the patio from the inside eating area. In the center of the restaurant is a large bar with surrounding tables and about 4-5 booths on one side.Marcus was our server who was also very pleasant and attentive. My mother and I both ordered iced teas ($3/ea) to drink which came with crushed iced, score! I ordered the salmon and small club salad ($17) and my mother ordered the carolina baby back ribs ($25). Because my mother ordered the ribs (you can't help but get messy), she requested a wet nap. Marcus showed up with a warmed wet fabric napkin folded inside a coffee cup, cute presentation as opposed to those paper packaged ones that require three or more before your hands are actually clean. This was actually my second time here, I ordered to roti and ribs combo last time and enjoyed that just as much as I enjoyed this meal. We both thoroughly enjoyed our meals and even though our lunch was expensive ($51.82 + tip), we both wouldn't hesitate to come back. Big shout out again to Marcus for stellar service, he is one of the most brilliant servers I have ever had. When I decline dessert, my mother stated, "that why she is skinny and cute and I am not", and without any hesitation, Marcus responded, "you're both skinny and cute". Boom, tip increase, well played sir, well played!We will be back!
5	Aaah!! Finally! I found GOOD grits! So I came here after seeing the new one open in the Biltmore a couple months back, but didn't have the time to go to that location at this time. I came with my parents from out if town.. They are foodies as well and had a great time. The atmosphere is comfortable and casual, not swanky, but a lil trendy. I loved the layout of the floor. Our server was great, she came prepared with good recommendations and a smile. My short ribs were wonderful, and they were on some seriously creamy delicious grits, A+! My moms salad looked interesting, but my dad raved about his sandwich after he finish. It was so good, we lost contact with him during the meal. Ok check out my pics!
5	Met a girlfriend here for lunch. Was on a 10 day detox so my choices for food were limited but I was not worried coming to a place like this. I knew regardless of my food restrictions even if I was the world's pickiest eater, I was in good hands. My girlfriend ordered their ahi tuna salad and I ordered their chopped salad with no dressing. Basically a bowl of variety of chopped veggies, raw, nothing else added. The salad came with feta and as I was not doing feta as part of the cleanse, I explained this to the waiter. With a smile, he whisks it away and promptly comes back with a salad with no feta. Although my girlfriend doubtfully asked if the salad was tasty with no dressing, no feta, nada nada except for a bowl of delightfully fresh veggies, the salad was indeed extremely flavorful with the mix of beet, corm, and bounty of other goodness.   The key is freshness and Grassroots had plenty of it!I wish most people would realize that with the right combinations of greens and vegetables, the flavors of just the natural goodness packs plenty of flavor. No dressing needed. No feta or any cheese needed. It's a cleansing of the palate and the body. I digress. Okay, Grassroots was everything I expected. Even though it was my first time here, I just knew their menu and service would be excellent and I was not disappointed!!!
5	Perfect for a light and flavorful meal with a friend or business associate!I was eyeing the salmon and 1/2 salad but saw a neighboring table enjoying the blacked fish of the day sandwich.  The awesome server suggested that I get the sandwich off the bread and switch out my side (fries?) for the veggie chopped salad that sounded so good.I was very impressed with the dish (DELISH!) and how accommodating they also were for my dining companion who happened to be on a very strict (HCG?) diet.  They also had really good iced tea, green or black, which makes a place a winner in my book.This is now my go-to scottsdale venue for client lunches and meeting up with friends over a meal.
5	OMG. Five stars, fifty stars. Perfection. Open, clean great specials, fresh local food. Great, friendly service. Bar is in center of the restaurant so you can people watch. There were a lot of dating couples there, siting together and looking out from the booths at everyone else. It was people-watching paradise! But more importantly, their food was super. We started with the chopped salad, had so much in it hard to remember it all. Beets, squash, cabbage, veggies galore... crazy good. The pub board item "My Fathers Grocery Bag" or some such,  was great. Assorted cheeses and olives, nuts. My friend got a fish sandwich, which she liked but I did not try. We saw so many things we wanted to try that we promised we would stop here next time we drive by and try something else on the menu. The bartender was great, on top of things and very friendly.
3	Life is short, so get the brownie toffee sundae!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grassroots-kitchen-and-tap-scottsdale?select=V9TKyeFqNebqzWerd387Ig#V9TKyeFqNebqzWerd387IgMy friend and I decided to have dinner after work and decided to finally check out this bookmark of mine.  Sat at the bar as the restaurant was already quite busy at 7 pm.  It was noisy inside (I don't think there's patio seating), but it wasn't so noisy that it interfered.  We both enjoyed the atmosphere- hip, romantic, and great energy.  He was happy to find an old Oregon beer favorite that he hasn't seen in other local places and ordered one.  I tried and liked it, so I ordered one as well.  (A Deschutes Black Butte porter, I think.)  Service was friendly, but very slow.  So slow, that after 20 minutes of trying to get our bartender-server's eye contact, we followed the couple's lead next to us who sat AFTER we did and said "Hey, yeah, we'd like to order."  We shared the pork chop entree that came with candied pancetta and Swiss chard- perfectly balanced sweet and saltiness of the candied bacon, and the chard wasn't bitter. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grassroots-kitchen-and-tap-scottsdale?select=eNr6AIXkws3DTvU5_EhJ_Q#eNr6AIXkws3DTvU5_EhJ_Q  He was surprised to find he enjoyed the vegetable (I think it was his first time trying it).  $22 was a bit pricey, I thought, but the chop was juicy and tender.  I wasn't impressed with the $4, or maybe $6 side of jumbo asparagus, which he didn't try. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grassroots-kitchen-and-tap-scottsdale?select=VI2Gv6vqjvl4RhlcplEyUw#VI2Gv6vqjvl4RhlcplEyUw  It didn't look appetizing, and the spears weren't as buttery as I had hoped they would be, but at least they were both tender and crunchy as they should be.  The brownie toffee sundae was terrific! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grassroots-kitchen-and-tap-scottsdale?select=okJuXVOR2W9GfcjGei42cA#okJuXVOR2W9GfcjGei42cA  Made with Ghirardelli chocolate chips, and I think the caramel sauce was house made, but I could be mistaken.  The sweet dish did not come with house made whip cream, but I requested it, and the server and kitchen obliged.  The dessert didn't need the extra cream, but now I know that should I want one with coffee, or another dessert, I may ask for it here.
5	Well, this place obviously has plenty of great reviews already, but I'll throw my 2 cents in as well.Happened to try this place out on a whim, and was pleasantly surprised. The fish sandwich was very good, and the jalapeno cheddar grits that I chose as the side REALLY had me hooked. Combined with the Prosciutto-wrapped asparagus app, and we knew we were coming back. On our return visit we went for the shrimp & grits entree to split, and an appetizer sampler from their happy hour menu that had a couple bbq ribs, pork belly, and a couple other items. Again, everything was amazing. (also, they have some great cocktails that are well priced at $6 each if you get there for HH. if it's not happy hour, i suggest splitting a carafe of Sangria.)I will say, this place can be expensive if you get carried away (it's hard not to) or go for one of the higher-priced entrees, but there are plenty of well-priced options. Also, everything I've tasted has exceeded expectations and justified the price.
3	Decent food, good service, over-priced. Tried the portobello mushroom sandwich, not bad.
5	LOVE THESE WINGS!! free range, all-natural, college educated chicken is what makes these wings so special!!  Yes the wings are small because no hormones have been fed to these birds but the flavor and tenderness just can't be beat.  At just $5 during 'social hour 'for a 1.5 lb pile makes this the best wing deal in the valley. First visit here, can't wait to try the ribs!  Service is 5 star too!!
1	Don't eat the chicken!! 3 times now I've spit out gristle,  and when I privately let them know, they said their chicken was fine. Not the case.
4	On our last night of vacation we decided to check out the Grassroots Kitchen.We sat at a high top table, inside cause it was a little chilly out. But the restaurant is so open we felt like we were outside!  Super comfortable environment!  They had a few tv's playing monday night football, but the Tv's did not distract from the elegance of the place! Ash had a big old burger, which looked and smelled amazing! I had the portabello sandwich which was almost like a melt, minus the cheese.. But I dug the toasted bread and the fries were fantastic as well! Prices were good, service was great, and they even had Pumpkin Pie for desert which I pretty much forced Ashley to get just so I could smell it!  It was topped with fresh whipped cream and cinnamon!  Looked amazing!  This is a good spot!  I dug the bathrooms with classic Rolling Stone Magazine's in Frames but I could have done without the one with 9/11 on the cover!   TOTAL Bummer while washing my hands!
3	A good local hangout slightly above average food.  Have met friends here several times and everything is fine. It is more convenient than anything
5	We eat here every couple of weeks and it is always yummy! Family loves it! You can sit inside & watch sports or outside & enjoy the ambiance.
5	Grassroots is my favorite in Scottsdale. Grassroots has a varied menu and over the past 12-months, I have never had the same entree twice and have never been disappointed. When we have guests staying with us from out of town, Grassroots is our default choice as they seem to have something on the menu that appeals to everyone - be they young, vegetarian or just difficult to please. The service is also wonderfully helpful. We had a 13-year old who was unsure about whether to order something on the menu and our waitress told her "don't worry; if you don't like it, I'll get you something else." PS She loved it.
4	Food here is always really good. You can tell they use quality ingredients. I haven't had anything I haven't liked. Service and atmosphere is also really good. My personal favorites are the smoked salmon and the shrimp po-boy. If you're a gin fan, I recommend trying their gimlet!
4	First time here and I was very pleased with the service and the choices on the menu, the burger I ordered was cooked to perfection and portions were just right, plenty of parking, patio seating was large enough for a group. With plenty of seating inside also. We will keep this on our go to list.
5	Excellent service and delicious food. Angus burger cooked to order and good size. Roti & Rack wonderful seasoning and falls off the bone. Coleslaw some of the best ever. Coming here again !
4	I've been here many times and Grassroots is as consistent as it gets. Love the space and set up of the entire restaurant. The food is always tasty and service is great. Their short-ribs are some of the best I've ever had. I've had a chance to sit at the bar (which is huge and great) and have drinks. It's a great way to have drinks with your friends.
5	I had the short ribs at Grassroots about a year ago. It was the first time I had ever tried them. I have been ordering short ribs at other restaurants ( like Flemings) and they don't even come close! Grassroots has ruined me and I will only order short ribs here! Tender, delicious, ribs.
5	My husband and I love this place! They opened in Phoenix roughly 6 month ago and we have easily made this one of our favorite spots!  Their Happy Hour is every day 3-6 with great drink and apps options!  I definitely recommend!
5	One of the best meals I've had in Scottsdale. Started with the Waldorf Salad which was perfectly not over-creamy. Excellently sweet and crunchy. The Short Rib was phenomenal. Meat was tender, not fatty, and the hoisin sauce was fantastic. Will definitely return.
5	We came in here for Thanksgiving week and the bartender, Emily, took care of us and we had an amazing time! She was very friendly, personable, fun and attentive! A month later we came back here from Texas and looked for her and requested her as our server while they were on a wait! As before she was smiling, attentive and remembered us from a month ago! Emily is an amazing person and every time we come back to Arizona we will look for her! She is always smiling and positive and attentive to the people she interacts with at Grassroots!!!
4	Whenever I want my fix of ribs I go here and they are consistently very good, a large rack over a heaping mound of crisp shoestring fries. I've also had the short-rib which is an exceptionally generous portion with no fat just moist, juicy meat served with cheese grits. The atmosphere is "Cheers" like, your friendly neighborhood pub. There is a large horseshoe shaped bar and a good size patio protected from the sun. Service is always efficient and friendly and prices are reasonable.
5	This place rocks.  Came here for first time on previous reviews from fellow yelpers.  Had the smoked salmon...was expecting slivers but it was a huge chunk of salmon..fantastic!  Salads are Huge and delish.  Coffee is served with real cream which you can taste and makes the coffee that much better.  Ambiance was great.  Service was great.  Do yourself a favor and eat here.
5	The restaurant our neighborhood has been waiting for!
4	Fabulous!  I had the Farm House Chopped Salad and it was divine. It had attentive service,  an inviting ambiance and a great wine list! We'll be back!
