1	Terrible service, completely inept technicians. SanTan Import Service Center's used car presale inspection is a complete waste of money and their "expert technicians" are even worse. I took them a used 2003 Honda Accord that I was interested in purchasing. On the way to their service center I noticed the air conditioning did not blow cold even in the slightest. So when I spoke with their service advisor I specifically asked them to look into the problem.After an hour and a half (I was told it would take 30 minutes) they returned the car to me with a laundry list of small items that needed to be fixed. The largest and most critical were front brakes and the air conditioning needed to be recharged with freon. Great! I bought the car. I took it to them the next day to have the front brakes replaced and to charge the air conditioning.Then I get a call. The air conditioning unit is not getting power. They are going to have to explore the problem. After a full day and a half they still cant find the problem and recommend I take it to the dealer. But they still charged me $110 for the air condition service, even though it still doesn't work.The dealer tells me the car has electrical issues that will cost $300+ to repair and the air conditioning needs major repair ($1,600). They have no idea how SanTan Import Service Center could overlook something as easy to diagnose as the A/C not getting power.A call to their GM results in a "oops, sorry we didnt find those problems" but nothing else. Grr...
1	I was disappointed with the San Tan Import Service Center. After several years my trunk wouldn't close reliably any longer and the latch broke after many fights to get it to latch closed. So I decided to take my 2003 Honda Civic in to have the trunk latch replaced. After paying for the repair and loading my two young children back into the car I was excited to load my stroller into the finally closed trunk (as it had been bungeed closed for weeks). To my dismay when I went to close the trunk it bounced right back at me with the brand new latch as it had done prior to the repair. I reported to them that it was not fixed and requested that they come out and look at it again. When the technician who replaced my latch did he tried to tell me that I needed to hold my trunk in a specific manner and close it a certain way to shut it. After trying three times he finally got my lid to latch. He explained that it wasn't aligning very well and they weren't sure why. Lucky for them I had two exhausted and cranky children in tow so I didn't have the time or patience left to press the issue. Unfortunately I drove off extremely aggravated. The trunk latch definitely needed to be replaced, however the problem obviously extended beyond the latch itself. In my opinion a customer-oriented mechanic would have taken the time to analyze WHY the trunk wasn't aligning properly and fixed that as well so that the new trunk latch would actually last and not break like the previous one. It's been several months and my trunk still won't close properly on a consistent basis.
5	I don't understand the bad reviews. I've taken 3 cars there a total of maybe 9 times and have always had great service, great price and no problems.  And I know that if there is a problem they'll take care of it.  My service rep is Penny and she's great.
5	another visit, another satisfied customer.  brakes, oil change and some front end tweaking made my wife very happy with her honda oddesey.
1	I wouldn't even take my worst enemy's vehicle to this place! Jorge the service writer is horrible. Had my car all day and never called to tell me that they didn't even have a Vag-Com which is a common tool used to read the computer on VW and Audis. He also lied to me about properly draining the oil pan on my VW, it is different then most since it has 2 drain plugs for a upper and lower pan section. Normally I would not have asked and trusted their ability but since they didn't even have the proper 500 dollar computer to do a code scan I was worried and rightly so. I got to the shop to pick up my vehicle and they said the one pan screw head socket hole was stripped and showed me. I knew it was fine from the day before since I had just crawled under the vehicle to inspect it. They probably didn't have the right size socket and stripped it.  At this point I just wanted my vehicle back and away from their incompetent hands. I didn't say anything about the pan plug since I was already on the verge of a meltdown. Long and short of it. If you have a honda you will probably be fine. Since it seems that this is owned by a honda dealer. If you value your car or have a European make.. Go someplace else!
