3	This buffet is located in the fitz hotel right off of fremont st on the old vegas strip.If you come here make sure you get the steak deals, its okay steak but for the price you pay its well worth it. I got the Rib eye steak special for 10 bucks. It came with your style potatoes (I got baked) and unlimited salad but I only got a small plate. I believe it is comparable to a dennys..
4	I got a steak, salad and potato as part of the Fitz of Laughter show. The steak was pretty mediocre...not well seasoned but it was tender and cooked rare as I ordered it.The salad and potato bar are AWESOME. Fresh bacon bits! I also liked how they had a spring mix of spinach and arugula as well as regular iceberg for the salad bar. They have a good mix of pre-made salad as well.
2	I'm not a big fan of this place, but not an enemy either. Maybe it's a half star above basic grub.  They do offer a lot of variety from grilled cheese to lobster to barbecue to all-day breakfast, but that doesn't make it high-quality fare. I was tempted to walk up the street to El Cortez because their on-site restaurant is better.
1	I used to like this place but after today I will never return.  I ordered the teriyaki chicken burger and it was straight up nasty.  I know I'm a picky eater so I try to get things that are hard to mess up.  This thing was an epic fail.  The entire bottom of the plate was wet making the fries and the bottom of the bun ruined.  It didn't matter the fries tasted strange and the bun although burnt from the grill on one side looked like it hadn't been baked long enough.  The chicken itself was dry as a bone and burnt as well.  When I think chicken burger I think a piece of breast meat, but I don't know what this was.  It was more like a clump of chicken sawed in half with a huge chunk of gristle down the middle of it.  Just yuck.  I think the worst part though was the cashier, when she asked how it was I told her, "Well the service was good."  She kind of just shrugged and said nothing like she knows the food sucks.  So I ended up paying almost twenty bucks for this plate of shit and I had to stop and grab something quick to eat because this meal ended up in the garbage were it belonged.
