3	Great wings but hardly go anymore due to the rising prices:(
3	Cleaner than most Long Wong's I've been to, but with some of the most brusque staff ever. Even the menu reads something like "This is NOT fast food. Be patient!" as if anyone would like to wait 20-30 minutes for items that aren't that tough to whip up. In any case, I love the wings...I don't think they're the best, but they're really close. The burgers are alright too, especially that California burger loaded with guacamole. At only $3.69, it's totally worth it.For a sports bar, this place has some weird hours for a sports bar and grill. They're never really open too late. What a bummer--they'd get more business from me that way.
1	I wish we had the option to give no stars. I normally don't waste my time on bad posts or negative reviews but, I feel this is something I should share. Today I took my dog into the dog groomers next door. I do not live in the area so I tried to kill time around the area. I came back to the area and I still had twenty minutes to kill... There's nothing in the plaza to sit down and relax at SO I found Long Wongs. It was about 4pm so I didn;t want a filling meal because, I had to cook dinner for my family... I had my two year old with me so, I asked for a kids meal.. The lady I believe they call mama looked at me and said that's it? I smiled and said yes. She got very rude with me and said you need to spend 4 more dollars for me to take your card. I said fine can I get a slice of pizza? She said Okay you don't want a drink? I said no I had a tea in the car. She sighed at me and took my card. She said is this to go? I said No, I will be eating here. She said I don't let people eat here unless they spend 10.00. I said are you kidding? She said no but, since we aren't busy I will let you sit down. I HAD A TWO YEAR OLD WITH ME IN 120 heat mind you! Wow! So... I was a little irritated needless to say but, it was better than waiting in the car in the beginning of July... When our food came out... i was appalled! My two slices of pizza looked like Dignornio.... My daughters corn dog was BLACK... and her fries... Were DISGUSTING so DISGUSTING... They were tasteless. We took a few bites threw it away and walked out. I will never ever ever go back to this place. You never know who is going to walk through your door as a business and your impression lasts... I own a store in the area... When they asked for a good quick bite to eat... it will not be long wongs.... I can't believe how we were treated and served. Sad!
5	This is such an unusual place.The staff friendly and accommodating,   I've been to many places that serve chicken wings but would have to say honestly these wings were the best. Cooked to  perfection in a tangy sauce. When asked Mama(Who is the owner /manager)about the sauce, and ingredients Her response was it's a secrets but said that's what makes them the best.I would have to agree.
5	Nice friendly service.  Its a family owned business and the people seem rough and rude but once you get to know them you realize it's just their strong personality.  They have the best wings in town and my whole family have been coming here for the past 16 years.  I have tried other places but nothing beats the wings here, not even buffalo wild wings which to my opinion not so good.  Family from out of state either come here to eat when in town or ask me to take them some when I go visit.
2	I must say after my experience at this particular Long Wongs is that not all Long Wongs are created equal.  It wasn't bad. No, not at all. In fact, if I were to judge the food part of the experience against other popular chicken wing food experiences (i.e.: buffalo wild wings or native new yorker) (I don't think that I used the I.E. and parenthesis correctly there) but the overall experience was sub-par.  I felt uncomfortable in the dining area and there was a strange smell.  I will say that the service was amazing and the staff were incredibly friendly and helpful.  If you are in the area and have 45 minutes to spare (in good traffic) (again not sure if i'm using the parenthesis correctly there) just drive to the mesa location which is... well it is better.
3	Really scrumptious crispy wings, but the pizza is definitely FROZEN pizza. only one size offered and no crust to it. Will come back for wings but nothing else. Nice staff.
5	Best spot in town for wings the staff is amazing and the seating isn't bad they have pool inside which makes the wait for food better or even after a good meal nothing better than some pool vs a friend! The wings are outstanding! The location is random but nice! I will be coming back I love it!
