2	I was honestly pretty excited to try this place out but I guess it wasn't worth the hype. I ordered the 3 piece meal. It comes with 3 pieces of tenders and some fries. I added a side of mac&cheese to it as well.Chicken: I've had better. It is of decent size and the batter is different but after a while, i felt like it was just too much batter.Fries: disgustingly old and soggy.Mac&Cheese: its okay, i tasted powder when i ate it, i'm not too sure how to describe it but eh it was just okay.I did have a favorite though; it was the Arnold Palmer. OH MY GOODNESS, so good and refreshing.
5	I really like this place for chicken tenders. It's a perfect lunch place to get a quick bite. This place takes a while to give you the order but it's only because they make every meal fresh. The batter to the chicken breast is thin and it taste like it was baked even thought it was fried. The chicken always easily comes apart. They have a brown secret sauce as dip and it's compliments the chicken strips even more. They also have Ranch and barbecue as well! The regular fries and sweet potato fries are always good and non greasy. I will never come to Vegas and not eat at this place because Vegas is the only place they have "Original Chicken Tenders"
3	We came on a Monday evening and ordered1. Original Texas Toast Tender Sandwich, 10.95Chicken Tenders with Original Sauce and coleslaw served on Texas toast2. Original Tender Sandwich, 10.95 Chicken Tenders with Original Sauce and Lettuce served on a Potato BunRather the french fries, we upgraded them to sweet potato fries for $1 more for $14.95 (We used the Casino Guide BOGO coupon) - In Luxor. They also have it at Monte Carlo. - Chicken tenders better than Chick-Fil-A! But Chick-Fil-A has better sandwiches. - The sandwiches had 2 chicken tenders. - It came with side buffalo sauce. - Sweet potato fries taste better than Boiling Crab! - Sandwich and fries were fresh. - For the price, it's pretty expensive, but if you have a coupon, it's worth a try!
5	The absolute best chicken tenders you can find anywhere. What a surprise in a food court. They cook them to order so they're fresh and hot when you get them, and the flavor is incredible. Perfectly cooked and tender!
4	Loved their crispy chicken tenders, fried okra, and sauce. One of the better places in the food court! Great stop for a quick meal :)
3	Went here after watching some football at one of the hotels. There was no line so we were able to order right away. I went with the three piece meal with a side of french fries and macaroni.The chicken tenders were pretty spot on. They were fresh and had a nice flavor to them with the breading.The fries on the other hand were decent, but didn't have a ton of flavor. Unfortunately, my highest hopes were for the macaroni and it definitely did not meet my expectations.Overall, this is a decent place to grab a reasonably priced bite to eat along the strip and is a good amount of food as well.
1	Greasy, overcooked chicken tenders and soggy sweet potato fries, served with a side of bEtchy employee who gave me a bag when I asked for a to-go container, saying that was all they had and I could take it or leave it.  Such a waste of money!!
4	Food was very tasty and their own signature sauce was great. Chicken was very filling. 2 small kids had a 3 piece tender each and I had a 5 piece and could not finish it. The homemade fries were also very good. Would Definitley eat there again for a quick meal and I am back at the Luxor hotel
5	What a wonderful surprise, hand battered and prepared chicken tenders made to order.  Best place on the strip for convenient, reasonably priced food.
5	They have really good tenders but their fries are my favorite with their very own secret sauce. They make as u order so only takes a few minutes. They're right inside Luxor in the food court on the second floor. The sandwiches ate pretty good too.
5	Every time im at the Luxor I have to stop at this place. Located in the food court on the second floor. The menu is very simple, mostly tenders, tender sandwiches, fries, different sides, and milkshakes. But I like to stick to the originals such as just the tenders, fries and their special sauce. The chicken has a nice crunchy layer, but my favorite are their fries. My favorite types of fries are squishy and flexible and that's just the way these fries are. The sauce is very refreshing, one container surprisingly is enough for your meal, but u can always ask for more.You can also choose to order it in a sandwich, either in Texas style toast or a hamburger style bun, and yes it is smothered in their special sauce in the sandwich.
5	Seriously delicious chicken tenders made fresh.I was thrilled to find what I at first thought was a Dairy Queen. Wrong resort.... that would have been at the Excalibur or one resort over from Luxor.I really enjoyed the crispy and delicious the chicken tenders were. And how large, hot, and non greasy they were.Since I was on vacation I did not quibble about prices that were slightly above average.... but this was a food court. Just having the option to order and enjoy fried okra what I special treat. I would have been satisfied with the regular dipping sauce, but order their gravy at an extra cost. it was the only thing that had a processed taste... but I still ate some of it.I did use my coupon from Luxor for a free soda pop, with unlimited refills.the total bill was about $13.00, but this was for a lot of food, looking at a food court. and don't let the word food court fool you. This one was massive and clean and food courts are where most people in Las Vegas high end LUXURY resorts can eat at anyway. I will be back in February and will definitely go back!
2	The original tender sandwich (10.95), which includes a small side order of fries* is two strips of chicken. Two (2). Dos (2). It is snack level of chicken for 10$, and it is not even that good.*upgradable to sweet potato for additional 1$I don't even know why I came back after the initial patronage brought me face-to-face with the smallest 10$ chicken sandwich outside of airports, amusement parks, stadiums, or fucking Michelin-starred establishments. I mean, honestly ... Popeye's is just one property over in Excalibur's food court, and I think their po' boys have more chicken in them, and at a third of the price. The chicken is actually much better at Popeye's as well.What other complaints do I have? They provide you with a single miniature ration of dipping sauce even when buying the biggest meal. Come on, player! Not even Cane's is that stingy.What do they do well? Nothing. Although, begrudgingly, I must applaud their effort to offer 25% off discount for civil servants. (See tip.)  Every time I return, I feel like kicking myself in the nuts afterward. I must be some kind of sadist, not much unlike that one entrepreneur farther north on the strip running a kick me in the balls LLC.
