4	Very friendly bartenders and lovely chocolate cocktail menu (and beer for those who dont appreciate chocolate!) Glad we found this place! Its inside the New York New York next to the Hershey's store. Fermin our bartender was very good at recommendations!
4	Chocolate and booze?  Yes please.  The Chocolate Bar is inside the New York New York hotel right next door to Hershey's.  If you like to drink and like chocolate this is the bar for you.  They have all sorts of delicious mixed drinks featuring chocolate.  I had the drink with the peanut butter cups.  Weird but yummy.  If you are not a mixed drink person they also have chocolate wines and chocolate beers.  If you are not a chocolate fan at all but some chocolate loving friend dragged you here you can also enjoy other drinks that do not feature chocolate.  The jolly rancher mixes were tasty and very strong.  The bar is small but the service good.  If you are in the casino might as well check it out, you will not be disappointed.
5	The chocolate bar is where you get your chocolate fix on.  And Jennifer, the bartender, is the best!!!  I had the Death By Chocolate, wife had Hershey's Caramel Martini and bro in law, Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Martini.  She made them luscious and strong.  She's so nice and makes you feel very welcome.  She deserves a raise.   This is going to be a regular for us every time we visit Las Vegas.  And hopefully Jennifer will be here.  You can't miss this place, it's right outside the Hershey's store in New York New York.  If you love chocolate, you'll love The Chocolate Bar.
5	We visited the Hershey's Chocolate World store at street side of the New York New York Casino - on the way toward taking a wild ride on the New York New York roller coaster.I noticed the Chocolate Bar when we exited the Hershey's Chocolate World store on the ground floor level walking in toward the casino.My wife likes chocolate a way more than me. My wife likes martinis - I like rum drinks. My wife was not wild about having a drink at 1:00 PM. However we were interested in a couple of items on the Chocolate Bar menu. Two girls sitting at the bar who were just finishing their drinks, gave the Death by Chocolate Martini drink a high recommendation.I decided to have the Reese's Pieces Rum Martini & my wife had the Caramel Chocolate Martini. We agreed that the Reece's Pieces Rum Martini was the better of the two. Both drinks came with skewered chocolate candy garnish.As we sat there another couple stop by and a single guy stop by to try drinks - which led to pleasant light conversation.We recommended the Reece's Pieces Rum Martini to two girls who had sat down as we were leaving.Both drinks that we had delivered great flavour. We got a nice buzz from the 3 ounce drinks. Surprisingly there was no sugar high & subsequent crash afterward from the drinks - which was nice.This was a great experience and we would recommend the Chocolate Bar to anyone who enjoys a drink.
5	Came here for my 21 bday and had a chocolate caramel martini! YUMMY! The bartender was awesome! Amazing service and awesome environment! I can't stop thinking about the drink!
5	I have tried chocolate martinis all over Vegas. My faves have been at the Wynn and the iBar at the Rio until I discovered the Chocolate Bar at New York, NY. I had Death By Chocolate and the Reeses Martinis. Not only are they tasty and strong but they also cost less. Only $12 each as opposed to $16 at the Wynn and $14 at the iBar. My only gripe would be that the bartender does not fill them up as much as the other places, but if you ask nicely when ordering, she will take care of you. I was told that it just opened last August. Can't wait to go back!
