5	Had dinner here the other night with two people and we have all been raving about it since. Recently opened (perhaps last December or so?) and in a small unit opposite Realfoods on Brougham street. Homely, authentic, delicious Spanish tapas served with a smile and passion that is unmatched in Edinburgh. Seriously, this is the best tapas in Edinburgh at the moment. Make this a must-visit!!
4	If you like authentic countryside tapas, this is the place to go. Fantastic cheese and charcuterie platter, yummy hot tapas.  This tiny tapas bar in Tollcross is a little gem.   The service is very good and our lovely hostess explained the dishes to us.  It's also great that the place is open all day, which is perfect for a late Saturday afternoon lunch.  Highly recommended.
5	Its a lovely wee traditional spanish tapas restaurant in Tollcross.   I went with a group of friends so we ordered nearly one of everything on the menu.  It allowed us all to try a bit of everything and we weren't disappointed.  The service was outstanding and the various elements of the meal that were from different regions in spain were explained.  Definitely worth a visit!!!
5	I must say this place was AH-MAZING! Not only was it cozy and super comfy, the staff were awesome. They made sure that our dinner party of three were as comfy as can be and this is really important cause we were dining with a toddler. The waitress was very friendly with my wee one and even took her back to the kitchen to say hello to the chef and show her stuff! It made me feel like I was back home in Spain. Now to get to the food. It was great. By far the best Spanish food I have had in Scotland. The Gordiales were authentic Sevillan olives. The salmorejo (a type of gazpacho) had punch and was very tasty. The chips were perfectly fried and not greasy. The chicken was scrumptious and juicy. The cook even created a special plate of food for my wee one, tortilla francesa con tomate! Basically an egg omelet with tomato wedges.You gotta love this kind of personalized service. Its a special place that makes such an effort with your childs needs and also serves quality tasty food. I will most definitely be going back.
4	After the fab reviews on here i decided that El Quijote was the place to go for eats onSaturday night! Firstly the waitresses were extremely accommodating, we were late, and when i called the resturant to advise of this it was no problem! The restuarant is very small and can likethe other reviews suggest be quite cramped.We ordered the platter, which comprised of a selection of Salami & Cheeses, you could certainly taste the quality of the food! The Rioja was lovely and the ambience was very romantic.  Only slight downside was their was only 2 waitresses serving and service suffered slightly ( but only a tiny bit)If you are thinking of going here, then do!! Its worth every penny &  remember to book in advance!
4	Came here for a yelp girly lunch following Jenny's weekly newsletter on the best Spanish food in Edinburgh. My taste buds were a tingling. And tingled they were!! The tabla quijote platter of meat and cheese allowed us to taste every variety on offer. Some were nicer than others (I'm not a fan of blue cheese!) but it was a great sharing plate for anyone who loves cured meat and chorizo. I also ordered a tapas sized of small peppers with white asparagus and topped with an Andalusian sauce. Phallic looking as they were (haha!) I rather liked them. The dish was chilled, asparagus was soft (not crunchy how I normally like asparagus) but tasty nevertheless. The sauce was nice too and I'd order them again. For my main I ordered the Pork Cheeks stew which was recommended by jenny. I went for the medium side but boy it was big! watch out on the sizes if you're having starter tapas too! The stew was basically a big bowl of soup like stew. Not what I was expecting but extremely tasty. I've never had pork cheeks before but the meat was slow cooked and fell away from the fork. Yum! The only thing was the lack of "chunky homemade chips" as described in the menu. There were bits of potato in the stew but chips? Nope. Would I go back? Definitely. The food was authentic and tasty and its really near my work so v handy! It's small but cute with terracotta pots and plants dotted around inside. Quite quaint. If it wasn't for the garlic in the food it would be an ideal date venue! :)
5	Had dinner here in May 2014 while vacationing in Edinburgh. We ordered three different dishes and all were excellent. My husband had Presa Iberica, my brother had a sort of pork roulade and I had a prawn/ham/cheese dish. All were seriously delicious and also very reasonably priced. Service was also good and for me that all adds up to 5 stars. Must try if in the neighborhood!
5	Great food. Dishes are centered around Iberian pork and it's awesome. Nice little restaurant and great whine. Came from the states and wasn't disappointed. Would definitely eat here again if I made it back to the UK
5	Everything is very good. The last time I had tappas, it wasnt that nice. But this time, El Quijote served tappas perfectly! I totally recommend everything, especial the meat platters! Even small, this restaurant has big tastes!
