5	The Terrace Room is located in the lobby of the Omni William Penn Hotel.  It is "An award-winning restaurant serving "New Traditional" cuisine with original and creative dishes inspired by Executive Chef Jacky Francois. "  This is a very upscale area.  The restaurant itself (being connected to the hotel) is very aristocratic except that there is a huge palm tree in the middle of the room.  There is a full bar and there is an extension of the restaurant into the hotel lobby where you can stalk passerbys.The service was top notch as expected from a restaurant such as this.  My waiter was always ready to serve and very friendly (although this was at 8pm Wednesday when the weather outside was something like 0 degrees F).The food presentation was artsy fartsy.  I rather have the food taste good than look good.  But the food tasted great.  The New York Strip I ordered was one of the juiciest I had cut in awhile.  The menu that night was rather limited.Be prepared to pay a good amount if you want to be full.
4	Great business lunch spot in downtown.  We told the server we were in a rush and our food came out quickly.  I ordered the cobb salad and the presentation was great.  The blue cheese dressing was super yummy--better than some others I have had.  The atmosphere is classic.  It's quiet in there so if you need to have a private conversation or have a working lunch it's a great choice.
5	We had Xmas dinner 2009 there, (I know, sometimes we get behind on our yelp reviews, but this experience was too good to just forget about).  The Terrace Room was one of the few restaurants open for the holiday and it was open in more ways than one.  Not only were they offering dinner to paying customers, elsewhere in the Omni William Penn Hotel, meals were being served to the homeless.  It was a little difficult for us to get reservations, because they were being taken by the restaurant manager only.  We left a couple messages, missed a couple call backs, but finally connected.  He was kind enough to email a menu so we knew what to expect.The Terrace Room is huge and located right off the lobby of the hotel.  The holiday decorations were beautiful.  We got a nice table with a window bench seat.  Our server was very warm and friendly.  BJ ordered the Frisee & Smoked Salmon Salad with dill vinaigrette for his starter.  I got a wild mushroom & brie tart with Sherry onion confit.  Both were very good.  Next came the soup, BJ got the roasted cauliflower and I got the pumpkin bisque.  Mine was SO amazing.  I expected it to be a little sweet, but it was not.  The favor was very pure.  For our main course, BJ had a grilled pork tenderloin with sweet potato gnocchi and sauteed brussel sprouts.  I had a filet of beef with leek & apricot bread pudding, hen of the woods ragout and sherry demi-glace.  The steak rather large and perfectly cooked.  I couldn't even eat half of it!  Plus, I wanted to be sure to save room for dessert.  They served a Christmas Triology, a ginger bread cupcake, chocolate yule log and panforte.  Everything was first rate.  I would love to have Xmas dinner here, again!
5	I stayed at the William Penn for Mathfest 2010 (don't judge!) and one of my former professors treated me to a birthday lunch here.   It is fantastic!The service was impeccable (as was the hotel stay) and the food was lovely.  I had the roasted pear and arugula salad.  In a city that puts French fries on their salads this was a breath of fresh air.  The salad was amazing, it had a light sherry vinaigrette, bleu cheese crumbles and caramelized walnuts!My dinning companion had a pan seared salmon with garlic cream sauce, veggies and bazmatti rice.   She raved about it the rest of the trip.  We shared a HUGE piece of strawberry shortcake - which was also amazing.If you are in town this is a great place to go, they also serve High Tea in the afternoons by reservation.
4	Stayed at the Omni Penn last weekend.  Had the breakfast buffet on Sunday.  Everything was very fresh.  Delicious pancakes, sausage, bacon, and fruit among other selections.  The wait staff was very friendly and was helpful in making selections.  Drawback was they only had Starbucks coffee.....nasty, and the hostess seemed a bit snarkey.
4	This is a great place.  Service, menu, options, quality. Bravo!Normally in a Hotel restaurant, they can take advantage of a captive audience, this place however does not.This is a legitimately great eating option.  I really like Pittsburgh and i particularly like the dining options and this place is able to do breakfast, lunch and dinner well.  I even did high Tea and that was terrific.  It's great for meetings and solitary meals.
4	The breakfast buffet was great, we were welcomed by staff and the place was set up great. They had all the newspapers laid out. The sausage had a hint of pate in it, quite interesting. The baconwood sausage was thick as it should be. The eggs were mediocre and I felt the same about the salmon.Overall this place is really good but its quite pricey, about $20-25 with drinks.
4	Visited on 03-01-11. Review applies to lunch menu.The Terrace Room resides in a beautiful old building positively dripping with dignity: the William Penn Hotel. The restaurant itself enjoys those same attributes by association. Vaulted ceilings with a beautiful design, elaborate chandeliers. The room manages to have grandeur without lapsing into self mockery (like say, Alex in Las Vegas).An initial breading has boon companions in the form of herbed butter (soft, avoiding my pet peeve of scraping rock hard butter over delicate bread) and olive oil side by side in a purpose-designed dish. I had a slice despite my mild gluten intolerance; stomach cramps never tasted so good. Despite the tasteful presentation, the bread fell a bit short by being served cold.I opted for the heirloom tomato Napoleon as an appetizer, a decision I reveled in. This is basically a vertically-constructed caprise salad; a skyscraper of tomato and mozzarella. Healthy slices of beautiful red and yellow heirloom tomatoes alternate with generous slabs of mozzarella cheese shuffled in. A crispy basil leaf on top adds texture and a strangely satisfying crunch, reminiscent of treading upon fall leaves. A drizzle of mild basil vinaigrette finishes off this terrific course. This is a must-have; absolutely one of the best caprise salads I have had the occasion to enjoy.Pittsburgh is a city that loves it's French Fries. Hell, I could not even find a SALAD without them. Well, when in Rome, as they say. I ordered the hangar steak (my favorite cut of meat) with fries (although in a class joint like The Terrace Room they call them Pommes Frites). The steak arrived pre-sliced. Although it was clearly sliced post-cooking, I would have preferred to do that myself. The pile of meat, although very generous, paled next to the haystack of fries set next to it on the oblong platter. A smothering of perfectly-sauteed onions sat atop the hangar steak; just enough for each slice of meat to have a few companions in my digestive track, certainly not enough to overwhelm.The chefs at The Terrace Room clearly have their act together; this steak was a true medium-rare, perhaps even erring on the side of rare. I realize that to some this might be a turn-off. Hence, I mention it. For me it's just great kitcheneering! For those who have not had a Hanger Steak, it has a slightly gamey, almost organy taste. This isn't a sirloin, no sir. The specimen at the Terrace Room was a archetypical example of its breed, and the course itself very French Bistro-esque.I feel compelled to make particular note of the service: Understated yet attentive and friendly without being solicitous; always there at the right time, and never there when they should not have been. The courses were brought promptly with excellent timing between courses. Overall, I could not be happier with my dining experience.
3	A co-worker surprised me with a lunch today and took me to one of his favorite downtown lunch spots, located in the Omni William Penn Hotel. We were warmly greeted and led right to a table. I was in the mood for a salad and the waiter very patiently talked me through what I might mix and match to get just the right salad I was craving. A variety of carb-a-licious breads were served with oil and herbed butter options. I'm a heavy water drinker and often find myself parched in restaurants after chugging my first glass. The servers were very attentive and filled my water without prompting so much that I thought I may float back to the office. No ice though, which I noticed right away and found interesting....My salad was pretty boring, mostly because that's how I requested it, but it still lacked that little something extra that makes you say 'Damn, that's a fine good salad!'. Didn't have a dessert, but they looked impressive as I was jealously watching the other tables being served theirs.  Don't let my boring meal sway you, my companion raved about the food here (lobster mac & cheese, eggplant & zucchini ravioli, oh my!) and the menu options looked very tempting.
2	Me an my buddies stayed at the William Penn for my bachelor party and we figured to keep the night going smoothly and to limit the chances of any arrests we would eat at The Terrace Room, after all it is considered one of the finer restaurants in Pittsburgh...  I don't know who reviews these restaurants, because this place was one of the most over rated meals I have ever ate, and I have ate plenty of meals.  The appetizers were ridiculously small, not real tasty, but the presentation was nice (but that has proven time and again to mean nothing in terms of taste).  I had a gin and tonic for my first drink and there was very little gin in the drink, actually it tasted like tonic with lime.  I ordered the steak, wasn't bad, but not great either.  The potato croquettes were pretty good; how can you go wrong with deep fried mashed potatoes? The restaurant is very nice, the architecture is very cool, and that really gave the place another star, as did the waiter.  He was very accommodating and had some nice jokes...
3	We ate here on Saturday night.Okay, so we had 14 people in our group and we were in town for a trial competition.  We went to eat around 8:45 p.m. and there was only one other table filled, a couple, in the entire restaurant.  After some "huff and puff" from the waiter who seemed like he wanted to go home we were seated.  This place is just beautiful--reminds me of the Palm Court in Cincinnati, the Regent in Beverly Hills, etc.  One of those great hotel restaurants.  Now, we weren't exactly "dressed up" but we weren't dressed down either.  I'm taking "trendy-looking" twenty-somethings who are well groomed and polite.  You'd think they would be happy just to have customers but the noses were in the air the whole time.  We also had a law firm footing the bill so we weren't on much of a budget.So, now you know--the service sucked.  We weren't planning on drinking that night because we had to be up early the next day so the first round of drinks only resulted in 2 people ordering glasses of wine.  The wine glass were QUICKLY snatched from the remaining people in my party as the waiter's arm snapped in front of the non drinkers to take their glasses away.  He actually said, "YOU'RE the only two ordering drinks."  Wow, what a jerk this guy is.Anyway, on to the food.  The bread basked was amazing--check my pic.  I also had a Charcuterie platter which was really good--some country pate and odds n' ends with a good stone ground mustard.After salads and appetizers were gone everyone gave in and we ended up getting wine and drinks...WOW!  That changed the waiter's attitude.  He started seeing the $ signs right away.I had a filet for dinner that was absolutely perfect.  It was served in a "terrine style" atop a slice of bread, with some wilted arugula and crowned with a ravioli filled with foie-gras and demi-glace drizzle.So, food was excellent all around, but the service was so bad and the waiter so arrogant I would never eat there again.  They would have 5 stars if the service was as good as the food.  I'm sure if I trotted in here with my grandparents in a navy blazer with brass buttons and some double-pleated slacks and penny loafers the attitudes from the staff would be a lot more welcoming.  Oh well, just another case of reverse-age-discrimination by a nice restaurant.
1	The food is okay here...the dealbreaker though was the lousy service.  After I finished my  meal, I kept calling out to the bartender for my check.  That inept moron just kept walking right by as if I didn't even exist.  He wasn't even busy!  I suspect that he was deliberately ignoring me.  I waited a good fifteen minutes before brining me my check and when I didn't tip him for his lousy service, he actually threatened me.  I've reported this incident a few times to the Omni Hotel and to the corporate website.  Bottom line: Avoid this place at all costs.  The Terrace Room has the most rude waitstaff ever!!
4	The Terrace Room is located inside the Omni William Penn Hotel (http://www.yelp.com/biz/omni-william-penn-hotel-pittsburgh-2#hrid:Gvi-plqilIq6o9BjosYv2Q/src:self), and just like the hotel, it is lavishly decorated with waitstaff that is on point. The tables from the restaurant that spill out into the hotel lobby are ideal for people watching. The complimentary breakfast buffet has an AMAZING spread that most complimentary hotel breakfasts would never offer including Do-It-Yourself smoked salmon & smoked ham bagel sandwiches with gourmet cream cheeses, build your own omelette station, breakfast pastries that are so flaky you can hear the crisp when you bite into them, and various fruit and nut butters for all kinds of breads and toasts-- just to name some of the selection! If that doesn't satisfy you, can order from a menu which is also included in your breakfast voucher.We also had High-Tea on a Saturday afternoon that was very pleasant. For $17 per person you get a tiered stand with assorted sandwiches, scones, petit-fours, with fruit jams, clotted cream, and a personal pot of tea. Delightful!If you're staying at the Omni William Penn, don't disregard the "hotel restaurant!"
2	I really, really, really wanted to like this place!  I brought my two daughters here for afternoon tea service as a little treat for us over Christmas break.  I'm glad that they are such wonderful sports.  I was just a bit unimpressed by this alleged high tea service.You're certainly paying for the ambience - and not much else.  There are 3 options for afternoon tea service:- standard service for $17 for 3 very small tea sandwiches, 2 scones, 3 petit fours and a pot of tea- Royal service for $24 - everything above plus your choice of a champagne cocktail, kir royale or a mimosa- Mad Hatter tea service for $10 (kids 10 and under) - includes 2 cookies, one small PB&J and a small banana sandwichThe service was very inattentive.  It took about 10 or 15 minutes for our server to arrive and take our order.  With only 3 items on the menu, there's not much suspense here for the server.  There's a pretty good chance I'm going with one of the two tea options and since I came with two girls aged 4 and 7, they're going with the kid version.  The treats were tasty enough, small portions and it took quite a while for them to arrive.  The kids were pleased as can be to be on this outing and they were just taking it all in, as they should.  Daddy on the other hand was wondering where our server was with my check and then what was taking so long to process my payment.When I hear afternoon high tea service, I was hoping for something along this lines of this recent experience in Victoria, British Columbia at The Fairmont:http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-fairmont-empress-victoria-2#hrid:xpD2ILdG1yszsgbdTKHtswJudging from the other reviews, clearly this hotel is an institution.  But, for the price, I was hoping for something more in the food and service departments.  You can come out ahead if you just sat in the lobby and ordered a tea and scone from the Starbucks that shares the same space.
5	We enjoyed Christmas dinner 2011 here.  And it's likely to become our yearly tradition.  The restaurant is truly beautiful and it was wonderfully decorated for the the holiday. We got seared prawns and beet carpaccio for our appetizers.  So delicious.  We both got lobster corn chowder.   BJ got the bacon wrapped pork loin for his entree.  It was served with country ham grits, winter greens and maple chili glaze.  I opted for the roasted beef tenderloin.  It was served with whipped blue potatoes, carrots and rosemary pan jus.  So amazing!The dessert was special as well.  We were served a special trio of treats, yule log, eggnog mousse and a tiny little cheesecake with brownie crust.Serve was incredible and everyone wished us a happy holiday.
5	After enjoying Christmas dinner here twice within the last 3 years, we decided to try The Terrace Room for Easter.  We arrived promptly for our reservation and was surprised to find the dining room near full.  We were seated at our requested banquet seat and given menus.  The menu offered special beverages, I got a sage advice which was Prairie Vodka mix, pineapple juice muddle with fresh sage and lemon juice.  So yummy.  For our entrees, I selected maple glazed ham with apple and cherry chutney and fingerling potatoes.  BJ got the open face croissant with lobster, shrimp, fried green tomatoes, asparagus, and roasted tomato aioli.Included with our meals was the appetizer station, which included fresh berries, yogurt, granola, salmon, charcuterie, Asian shrimp & glass noodle salad, farro, nicoise and Mediterranean salads.  Everything was perfectly prepared and very delicious.  Saving the best for last was the dessert station.  I loved the fresh made crepes, we were able to select our choice of fillings and sauces.  There was also a selection of mini desserts that included cupcakes and cookies.  The best part was BJ got a kiss from the Easter Bunny!  It's becoming a tradition for us to enjoy our holiday meal at The Terrace Room.
4	I was fortunate enough to be staying at the Omni William Penn on my company's dime, which meant my usually financially conscious self was allowed to have a couple meals at the fancy restaurant. Woo hoo!I rolled in for dinner pretending to be fancy like the other guests in a dress and was seated in a quiet corner with my mass of reading materials. The server came around and took my orders quickly and efficiently, but wasn't particularly chatty. The busperson, though, was super cool. He came around to chat, offer bread and make sure I was doing alright. At the end of the meal, I lamented the fact that I didn't get to try all three of the delicious breads. He went back to the kitchen and returned with an entire to-go box of breads for me to take along with me. Super awesome! To anyone who may be curious, I got the mushroom polenta and it was seriously delicious!!The next morning, I returned for breakfast and got a server who was new to the restaurant. He was polite as could be and didn't even judge me for showing up in a Pens t-shirt and shorts. I ordered eggs benedict, which came with a cute little tart and hash browns. I highly recommend the fresh squeezed orange juice--one of my favorite treats.
4	Stunning and expansive historic dining room.Second tier restaurant overall, but certainly one of the better options downtown.Service was fine, but each dish was just barely missing that extra little "zing" that makes it unforgettable.
5	The Omni does things right. From atmosphere to food quality everything really comes together. The staff is all very knowledgeable and they love their locals. They treat me just like I am a new guest which is pleasant. It can be a little expensive but its worth every penny. Def a special occasion kind of place.
1	We had a party of seven on 4/6/13 , going to a concert at 7:30. Sat down and ordered. Restaurant was half full. Waiter never around had to get up to look for him for more water. After over a hour had to get up and look again for him to say if we don't get our food in the next five minutes we have to leave for the show. Food came out salmon wasn't cook all the way. Everything looked like it was sitting under heat lamp. Four of the dinners were the prime rib steak special which was half the portion we were told and it was prime rib roast not steak.  Missing the special sauce he kept mentioning.  Potatoes were ice cold. The food tasted like banquet food and  not good banquet food. Very disappointing for a great four star hotel.
4	I just love the decor of the dining room with its high coffered ceilings, white table cloths, sparkly glassware and wait staff who are dressed appropriately.  Our office has been here twice for luncheons.  Each time the waiters take time to explain the menu of the day and are very attentive for the 'picky' ones sitting at our table.  A little pricy for every day lunches but a very nice treat for special occasions.  This is my first choice for office gatherings.
4	Cool place.  I could imagine the mobsters and Hollywood types sitting in there...something about the ambiance.  LOL  Service was great and food was even better.  It definitely is pricey though.
4	This is a fabulous place to dine, though watch out for the bill.  A breakfast for 2 can easily exceed $40.  This is one of the few places in downtown where you can have a sit-down breakfast.  The food and service do not disappoint.  The service is formal, but friendly.  The details make this place exceed expectations.  The english muffin I got as my bread was not your standard Thompson's. It was fluffy and tasy.  The breakfast buffet is an option for someone with a big appetite- otherwise, it may  not be worth the price.
5	The Terrace Room should be listed as a "best kept secret" for Pittsburgh.  The service was attentive without being intrusive.  The menu featured food that most people would find appealing.  The prime rib was actually "prime" meat -- as it should be.  (If a restaurant is serving choice meat, then the item should be called "choice rib of beef.")  The fish chowder was amazingly delicious--but spicy.  Very spicy.  The New York strip steak was grilled exactly as requested.  The vegetables were properly cooked--not crunchy raw nor overdone soggy.  They were properly cooked.  The meal was every bit as elegant as the surroundings.  The chef really knows what he or she is doing--and so does the wait staff!
1	The service was horrendous. We were told there was a wait inside and we could sit outside in the hotel lobby but still be served. It took 10 minutes and us flagging down someone before we were able to order drinks and tell them we wanted to brunch buffet. We were given the breakfast menu where the menu says the buffet is $20 including coffee and juice. Unfortunately we were charged much more for the Sunday brunch buffet and extra for coffee. We were being served by the bartender who was also making drinks at the bar and clearly overwhelmed. We had to ask the hostess for silverware and napkins after we had been to the buffet. She said "yes, what do you need?" I said we need all of it since we were given nothing and had to seat ourselves outside. Because the bartender was so busy, it took about ten minutes to get anything including coffee and orange juice.  Almost everything that we got from the buffet was sub par and the best thing I had was the muffins which I could have purchased at the Starbucks in the lobby.  The eggs were cold, the biscuit was hard, turkey was mushy and cold, and the gravy was dried out. Not a satisfactory meal at all and extremely upsetting to know we were paying so much for food that was not good at all.  I felt bad for the bartender who was really trying but overall, this experience was very disappointing since we were staying in the Omni and thought Sunday brunch would be fun here! You live and you learn though.  We don't live in Pittsburgh so we probably wouldn't go back anyway but I would definitely pick a different brunch/breakfast place in the future.
5	I'm from LA. I have to say that I was shocked by the insanely good food to come out of this sleepy restaurant's kitchen. Have the beet Napoleon and duck entree. Incredible!
3	I wish I could write 2 reviews for this place one for Sunday brunch and one for for dinner last night. So I did my best to average out the stars and I landed at 3. For starters this place is beautiful. From the amazing painting on one wall, to the ceiling and the white cloth tables this place screams classy. Both times we've been here the decore has not disappointed. The breakfast here was great. Maybe the best hotel breakfast I've been to. The food is fresh and other then waiting at the omelet station for about 5 min before flagging someone down to get someone to make me an omelet I really can't complain. Now onto last night dinner. Walking in there was barley any tables taken. We had a reservation but it certainly wasn't needed. We were seated at a table with a booth on one side and a chair on the other. It was a cozy little corner. When we opened the menu we noticed it was very different from the one listed on the site. It was a bit disappointing. I know it's only August but pumpkin fritters sounded amazing. Bry ordered a beer and asked for the restaurant week menu. Which wasn't provided with the menu and when we did get it it was a bit worse for wear. Several min later the waiter came back and asked for the restaurant week menu so he could show it to the chef... So apparently it was the only restaurant week menu they had. When the waiter came back we asked if the chef was ok with the restaurant week menu. The waiter said yes and the the head chef had left so the sous chef was I charge. This didn't sound promising. Alas We decided to go with one of each of the option for restaurant week. At this point Bryan was done with his beer and it was a good 30 min and our waiter had passed our table several times and didn't even notice. Also we were brought bread in that 30 min. The bread was good but was cold and would have been much better warm. There was also no explanation of what it was. I think one was a rustic olive bread and then the other was a bread stick with asiago cheese? Maybe? And the butter had herbs in it but I couldn't tell you what they were. It just tasted like butter to me. When the first course came out the waiter noticed the empty beer glass and asked what he could get us. Bry ordered another beer and we ordered a bottle of wine. The wine was really the best part of the meal. Ok so onto the food. The Brie tart was fantastic. The flavors were bright and I wish I could have had like 2 more. The lobster ravioli was ok. The bacon on it was more chewy then crispy and the ravioli itself was undercooked just a little. The main dishes were steak and pasta. The steak was to salty and the sweet corn custard it was on was the best part. The agnolotti looked really pretty when it came out but it was so undercooked it was sad. I sent it back and the kitchen remade it. I didn't even bother with a pic because I was still very hungry I just dug in. The lemon was to strong and the artichoke was undercooked. It was just a very sad dish but the potential for a good dish is there. I was disappointed. Several min later a manager came over and apologized about the food. We asked about the chef situation and apparently the head chef left to another property and is now In charge of several Omni restaurants. He was genuinely wanting to make our experience better and said he would take all the food off the bill. Dessert was good. The poor guy at the table next to us had the same thing and it blew up a bit and got all over his shirt. So we were warned. The pavlova was good and I enjoyed the berries with just a hint of lemon. It was good and the creamy white chocolate off set it nicely. We definitely didn't get the amazing food and romantic dinner we were hoping for. Did I mention the street light glaring in my eyes for most of dinner. Hopefully the get a head chef soon. I appreciate the effort from management to try and rectify the situation. He also was at several other tables that night. I'm guessing doing the same thing. This place could really be a great restaurant.  The potential is there but a great head chef is needed. Hopefully there able to work it out. Well prob give it another try since we left the gift card we were going to use at home. Hopefully the kitchen issues are worked out by then.
1	Dont go for the food.  There are so many good places to eat in Pittsburgh.  Had the burger...awful and the coleslaw was warm and tasteless
