5	New pho spot in Lee Lee market is much more than pho. Rice and noodle dishes are as good as ever, but the main attraction is the grilled food and the roll your own spring rolls with a grill at the table! Amazing, while your shopping and hungry, stop in.
5	Great place in peoria for good vietnamese food. Cheap n fast service.
5	If you a quick bite before picking up some groceries at lee lee, Pho Tan Thanh is the place to be - relatively cheap and quick, owners are very nice and helpful.
5	I've been looking for an authentic Vietnamese restaurant to eat regularly at since moving to the Valley.  I'm used to eating Pho in Southern California, Philadelphia and Houston, TX so I have tried pretty much every Pho restaurant in the Phoenix area to see which comes close.  This place out of all the places I tried (Pho Avina, King Eggroll, Little Saigon, Pho Than, Un-Phogettable, Pho Binh Minh, 43rd Express, Pho Nhat, Pho Saigon and Pho 68) came the closest to what I have eaten in Westminster (arguably the best city for Pho outside of Vietnam) in AZ.  Ordered the Spring Rolls, Banh Mi and Bun Bo Hue while my girlfriend ordered the Egg Rolls and Beef Pho, and we both ordered the Cafe Sua with our meals.  The broth was both clear and very robust with flavor, with only a slight tinge of sweetness.  The waiter was brought out the fatty broth when requested on the side (one of the few Pho places here that does it, out in CA it is standard) and the red pepper paste tasted freshly made instead of the packaged kind you find in the store.  Not only was the food plentiful (we got a quick and free refill of the condiments/soybean sprouts), but with everything my girlfriend and I ordered, the total bill only came out to $23 total w/ tax.  This is my go-to spot for Pho in the Valley after countless trial and error and a whole-hearted recommended for anyone who loves Vietnamese cuisine as much as we do.And the service was exemplary.  The owner/waiter was constantly attending to our table without being asked (even though we went during a full peak hour), which is very unlike most Vietnamese restaurant service (where they take your order and then ignore you until you pay the bill).  In terms of quality AND quantity of food, service and price, this is hands down the best bang for your buck.
5	I don't like to give away too many 5-stars, but when I do, I 'll give it to this place.  The Pho gods had answered my prayers.  I only asked for good, reputable Pho, instead I got exceptionally great Pho.4-stars for the greatness plus 1 more star for making it CHEAP.  By that, I mean it was still in the $6 range! That's how I judge a Pho place, the taste, size and cost.  The freshness of the veggies and meat makes it even better.  Why not, its located inside a grocery store, right?The first thing you need to know is its inside of Lee Lee Oriental Market.  Over the past year or so, the market seemed like it was losing its appeal and soon after this restaurant opened, it got life again.I see more and more customers eating here which gives it notice and the credibility it deserves.  Prior establishments did not do so well.  I'm a coconut juice whore and they make it fantastic here! Its not overly sweet and served over ice, just the way I prefer it!I will be supporting this place regularly.  Eat Pho all seasons baby!
4	This place was pretty good. I'm happy that they had the three colors dessert here. Oh so good. It's not as sweet as other places that I've gotten it at. I ordered the BBQ Pk and shredded pork dish (#42) and that was delicious. I tried some of their beef stew noodle dish and their egg noodle dish - both which were also good.The spring roll was interesting because it was mostly all veggie with shrimp and beef slices. I'm used to the spring rolls having some mi fun (rice noodles) in it, too, but it was good regardless. The vietnamese coffee was also good. Very sweet, but good. I also like how cheap and clean this place is.
5	phu thanh from mesa moved to peoria... awesome food,, whenever on this side town, a must stop by...
2	Absolutely unimpressive place. Came here due to the myriad of 5-star reviews. Drove twice around the carpark before realising this place is literally INSIDE the Lee Lee market, and there is NO sign, not even a sandwich board, indicating this on the outside! Went in and got seated immediately. Water brought out quick. Orders taken and served quick. That's where the delight ended. They didn't have the fresh coconut that I normally get so that was disappointing.  My "large" pho was ok, but I wouldn't classify it as a large. Maybe a medium. Broth tasted ok. Hardly any of the sliced beef balls or tripe, or in fact much meat at all. Small handful of bean sprouts and a single tiny lime slice provided. My kid had the crepe with bean sprouts, shrimp and pork. Yuck. I had some - the crepe tasted bland and ten minutes later, cold (my kid tried his best to delay actually eating any, can't blame him), I wouldn't have served it to a dog. Wife thought her vermicelli and BBQ pork was okay and liked the "fresh" taste, but thank god the fish sauce was on the side. Ugh. Absolutely NO table service after we'd started, not even offers to refill water. Had to get up and walk around to the tiny cash register to pay. Got back to table and sat down to wait for the kid to strangle down another couple of bites and that's when I had an ice water jug held in front of me as a refill offer. Nope, done.This place is nowhere near as efficient or generous with their portions as either Pho Thanh (Camelback) or Da Vang (19th Ave). Those who think the prices are cheap need to understand that those prices are normal for a viet place. They're all this cheap, except the ridiculously-overpriced Rice Paper on 7th Ave. Go to Pho Thanh (http://www.yelp.com/biz/pho-thanh-phoenix), order the large pho dac biet for $6.75 and run a comparison of what you get.I wouldn't go back here.
5	Situated directly inside of my favorite grocery store (Lee Lee's) this place is hands down the best Pho I have had in the area. It is super affordable, around 5 - 6 bucks for a big, yummy, steaming bowl of Pho and about 2 bucks for a couple of the best spring rolls I have ever devoured. The staff here are friendly and fast and I will for sure be a regular!
4	Excellent Vietnamese food inside Lee Lee's market 75th & Cactus.. PeoriaI used to drive the 45+ mins to eat at Phu Thanh in Mesa and loved their food.unfortunately that restaurant closed 6 months ago. Well the family has opened a new restaurant here in Peoria.  The best Pho I've found in Phoenix. They will make it any way you like. Rare beef on the side, steamed mung sprouts. extra noodle, Whatever condiments a true Pho lover would want. They will make it happen. The key is knowing what you want. and, not expecting someone to read your mind..  The herb pouch they use for the broth has the perfect blend of savory and sweet. One of the best things about their broth is how the flavor stays consistent all the way 'til your done. Truly a rare thing...Banh Xeo is filled with fresh veggies and a few shrimp. Cut off some of this crispy crepe and add some fresh basil, cucumber, fish sauce, and roll it into an awesome lettuce wrap. This is good healthy eats !!Their Iced Coffee is top notch too..They make all the various Vietnamese Sweet Bean, and tapioca desserts. Trust me those are worth a try..Pho Tan Thanh..  I look forward to rediscovering your extensive menuSoupStewNoodleBroken RiceMeat Grills and wrapsPho Tan Thanh has it covered
3	For sure this is the LEAST EXPENSIVE Vietnamese restaurant I've ever been to and I liked some things much better than other things here so it's very hard to give a correct rating and three stars is still a positive rating. By far my favorite thing to recommend that I tried is the Bo Nuong La Nho is basically seasoned barbecued Ground Beef wrapped in grape leaves served with  rice paper, vegetables, and fish sauce. This was among my favorite Vietnamese appetizers I've ever had. and was truly good. You do need to roll the rice paper yourself with the stuffed grape leaf, herbs and vegetables and then dip in the fish sauce. I really liked this dish and would come back for that.I had the chicken pho and I did taste my husband's beef pho. After tasting them both I have to say the beef pho with brisket is the way to go here because the brisket was very good and the beef stock was better than the chicken stock but the rare beef in that pho turned to over cooked dry beef as the chicken breast also turned over cooked and dry in the chicken pho.We did receive a generous amount of Thai basil, limes and jalapenos to use with all the sauces on the table.I am aware that chicken pho isn't prepared the way that beef pho is with the charred onions and ginger for flavor but the chicken pho that I tried was a generous portion of bland watery stock with dry chicken breast and really is the reason for the three star rating. Service was good and efficient.If you are in need of a restroom you need to use the Lee Lee's Market restroom and it was very unpleasant. YOU DON'T"T WANT TO KNOW WHAT I SAW!
3	Because of the wonderful reviews this place received, I decided to stop in and try Pho for the first time.  The gentleman who seated my fiance and I was prompt and attentive (for the first part of our visit).  I could not make up my mind so I asked the server for a recommendation.  He suggested the #1.  It was a variety of meats in a wonderfully flavored beef broth that was very well seasoned.  After a few bites, I bit down on something rather unpleasant...I believe it was tripe.  I would have never thought that tripe was an ingredient (otherwise I would have specified it be omitted).  I quickly take my spoon and fish for as much of the stuff as I can find in my bowl...ick.  I LOVE most foods, but just the thought disgusts me.  Overall, I expect to come back again and attempt this PHO thing once more.  Perhaps make an educated order rather than relying on the gentleman to choose for me.As for the restaurant, it is in Le Le's market...and once the burn of fish odor cools in your nose, its smooth sailing.  The diner was low key and not fancy at all, which I don't mind in the least bit.  I give this place 3.5 stars based on service, food and overall restaurant experience.
4	We really like their pho here.  Shrimp fresh rolls are big and delicious.  Friendly staff and quick service.  The grocery store is huge and has a wonderful selection of fresh produce, meats, fish, etc.
5	I've just found out about this place a week ago, and so far it's pretty awesome Vietnamese food. I've actually been eating here for the past 4 days. Everyday for dinner. Their seasoning is very palatable to the taste. And priced very reasonable, actually very cheap! I've had the pho, chao long, Banh xeo, com ga nuong, Bo nuong la nho, mi Sui Cao, bun bo hue and they are all very delicious! I don't know about the reviewer saying that the Banh xeo( Vietnamese crepes) was yuck, he probably never had it before and don't know what it's SUPPOSED to taste like, and making a review of something he doesn't know anything about. But their Banh xeo is actually very good. It's crispy, which is hard to accomplish, and has all the fillings balanced. You're supposed to dip it into the nuoc Cham to get all the flavors out of the dish. I'm Vietnamese and a very picky eater, and this restaurant serves really good home cooked Vietnamese dishes.
5	I-wub-you-glad-you-reopened-but-why-so-far-from-East-Valley-I-wub-you.  And breathe.  Yes for all the reasons why everyone already says it's so good, and they
1	Ugh. Our pho looks like the broth was scooped off the top layer because it was filled with fat.  The service was just as bad - they kept bringing out the wrong food and drinks.  There was a female server there that didn't even speak a word and kept bringing out food and placing it at one end of the table and walking off without trying to figure out who it belonged to our telling us what it was.  One pho dish we asked for them to cook their normally rare meat all the way before serving it as the person was pregnant and couldn't risk eating anything remotely raw - but it still came out with half of the meat cooked and the other half raw.  I definitely would not come here again.
4	Yum! We were passing through Phoenix and stopped here on Christmas day. The pho broth is delicious. We had spring rolls (tofu was fresh fried and tasty), one #16 and one #121 - the beef pho was definitely the way to go. The tofu pho still had delicious broth and tasty noodles, but the tofu was cold and just plopped in there without cooking it. The service was curt and the ambiance isn't great, but you don't expect that for a $5 pho place in a dumpy strip mall. Would recommend for good pho.
3	Just okay.  My fiance and I were shopping in the neighborhood so we decided to give it a try since there are so many good reviews.  I ordered number 1 pho dac and she got 2A pho tai bo vien.  We also wanted the egg rolls but the lady forgot to place our order.   The phos came and they looked okay.  The brisket in my soup was pretty good.  Nice flavor to them.  I was disappointed with the broth though.  It was more of a sweet broth.  It wasn't bad.  But it wasn't great.  Overall, just mediocre pho.  There are definitely better places to go.
1	We ordered the Bun Tha Nun, Tha Nun with rice, and fried egg rolls.  The food was mediocre but the service was AWFUL!  The young female staff does speak or acknowledge you at all.  I asked her a few times and she just stares at you & leave.  The prego lady staff is just rude.  And male staff was slow and unhelpful.  To top it off my mom and I both got really bad stomach craps the next day and it last 2 days.  I think we had food poisoning.
3	I'm dropping my rating 2 stars based on the rude and slow service. The food is excellent and inexpensive but the bad service is unacceptable. The waitress today literally dropped our food on the end of the table didn't make eye contact and walked away. You have to flag the server down for your check or anything else for that matter. I'm assuming this may be a cultural thing but I am always happy at Pho Avina so I will make the drive there for my twice a week fix. Too bad. Loved this place originally.
1	Friend took me here for lunch today - treated me as it is my birthday - YAY. The food was just okay, with an unpleasant surprise. Our initial order was taken quickly. We ordered a couple spring rolls - pretty standard rice paper wrapper with shrimp, vermicelli noodles, and lettuce inside along with a hoisin dip. It also included a dead baby fly inside one of the rolls...GROSS. Maybe because it's my birthday, I didn't even get upset over it. I just moved on (didn't even tell my friend). I thought "Okay, maybe it was in the lettuce and it just didn't get rinsed out enough..." I stopped eating that roll and checked the inside of the other, fly free. We also ordered some kind of stir fry with various seafood and veggies. That was okay. My friend was still hungry, so he ordered a bowl of congee, which was kinda blah. The real reason I'm giving this place 1 star is for the dismal service we received. Nick V. is spot-on about the rude and slow service. While our initial order was taken quickly, when the food came out it was also dropped at the edge of our table and the server left without looking at us. It took several "Excuse me please" along with hand raising from my friend to get an extra plate so he could share his food with me. When he told one individual he wanted to order something more, there was an actual eye-roll! The menu was extended, then tossed onto a nearby table when my friend ordered his congee. When it came out, a young Asian girl brought it out, shoved it on the table, and when my friend said, "May we have some spoons and an extra bowl so we can eat it," the girl literally stared right at his face with absolutely NO emotion for a good moment. Then grabbed a couple spoons from another table and tossed them on our table. Really? Nick V., please don't assume it's a cultural thing. Both my friend and I are Asian, and we were appalled at the behavior. It was so bad, it was actually funny, in a sad, pathetic way. I WILL NEVER GO BACK AGAIN. I also agree that Pho Avina has EXTREMELY nice owners and servers, along with great food, and THEY will have my continued patronage.
4	I love that this place is inside the LeeLee. I can get a bite to eat before I go shopping. I never had Vietnamese before going here so I can't really compare it to anything. All I can say is what I've had there has all been very good. I especially love the spring rolls. The prices are very reasonable. I've been there a few times now and always see the same people working there so I'm guessing it's a owned by a small family. I'm all about supporting small business!The only not-so-great thing I've run into there is that they have a couple of duck dishes on their menu but every time we've been there, they don't have duck. Which is a little odd to me because LeeLee sells whole duck (at a reasonable price too!). I don't understand why they have it on the menu if they're not actually going to have it available. But that small confusion aside, I've found it a decent place to grab a bite to eat that isn't deep-fat-fried and swimming in sugar. For the sugar, I suggest you go to the teashop right next door (also in LeeLee) and grab one of their fruit smoothie boba teas. Yum!
5	Best pho I've had yet
5	5 stars for the area Pho = very good, best taste in NW Valley. This is my go to place for Pho.Eggrolls - didn't like these - too greasySpring rolls - Yum + hoisin peanut sauce yum + fish sauce YumServing size - very good. Even an XL option if you're super hungry. Ambiance - OK, small, fast food-ish, not the best part of the experience but if you're looking for great food this is the place to go.Prices - also AMAZING, best I've seen
