5	Recently opened by one of the owners of the popular soccer bar Courtyard Hooligans, Valhalla Pub and Eatery gives those looking for great food in a great atmosphere more options, at more times of the day, than ever in Brevard Court.Located in the front corner of Brevard Court along Church Street, Valhalla has the feel of the great hall of Odin from Norse mythology with it's custom built, dark wood bar to the horned helmets and axes adorning the walls.  The menu takes it's queues from the Scandinavian theme with items like a meatball sandwich with house made meatballs in a Norsk brown gravy (think BIG Swedish meatballs in a less creamy gravy) and the Norsk Burger with it's beef and pork patty with Jarlsberg cheese.  If you're more local in your tastes there are standard burgers and salads as well.  But once you get inside Valhalla would you really want to upset Odin and eat the veggie burger?  No, I didn't think so.The bar is fully stocked for mixed drinks and wine, as well as a good collection of beers on tap and bottled.  Into darts and pool?  Both will be available in the back room with it's 2 TV's to help you stay up to date in the world of sports.Overall this is a great addition to the ever expanding options in the historic Brevard Court, and be it lunch time or night time Valhalla will be there to welcome you!
5	In the last two days I've eaten three meals at Valhalla.  It's true.  I would not lie about something that puts me at a slight risk for appearing to be that creepy guy that hangs out at the bar all weekend.  No, I HAD to eat three meals there so I could write a proper review of the restaurant.  I did it all for the cause.  Prior to eating here the only Scandinavian food I'd ever eaten was at Ikea. There was also that cereal in the 80s with the Swedish Chef on the box (please tell me that you guys remember Croonchy Stars), so I guess I can count my Scandinavian experience on 2 fingers.  While the menu leans heavily toward Scandinavian food, the diversity of the owners'  backgrounds are reflected in items such as the English breakfast and an amazing curry sauce.  Let me pause for a moment to tell you that I could drink both the curry sauce and the brown gravy from a mug.  Or a horn.  Both are staples on the menu and both are family recipes that the owners were kind enough to share with the rest of us.  Try the Warrior fries with the curry.  Amazing.  And if you're wondering what a Warrior fry is, it is a waffle fry like they serve at Chick Fil-A but more badass because it is a warrior and the others are not.  Breakfast:  Northern Eggs Benedict.  Two poached eggs on toast with a good portion of smoked salmon, capers, red onion and fried potatoes.  No hollandaise sauce here, so I'll live to see another day.  A beurre blanc replaces hollandaise on the Valhalla menu and I found it perfect and not overpowering.  Lunch:  The Mighty Meatball.  Pork and beef meatballs with brown gravy and choice of a side.  I, of course, chose the Warrior fries.  Eat your heart out, Ikea.  AND you can eat these meatballs without the fear of having to go rug shopping with your wife afterward.  Dinner:  The Banger Butty.  The name alone made me go for this one.  I really like alliteration.  This sandwich is bangers (sausages) with the curry sauce on a roll that must be of Scandinavian origin because it was pale, beautiful and tasty.  Valhalla is not to be missed!  Chances are you'll find me there sooner than later and you can thank me then for my dedication this weekend so that I could bring you this top-flight review.
4	Hooligans and Vikings, I can dig it. Valhalla is brought to us by  the owner of Hooligans. And he scores a big goooooooooooooooooooooal here. Clean, modern, and a gastropub  if you will. Although I've yet to partake in the nectar of the Norse  gods, I can surely attest to the hamburgers of the gods. Viking burger or Norske burger, have at it. I personally prefer the Norske, because it's accompanied with one of my fave things, a fried egg. A massive pork/beef mixture and shaped like a sub sandwich, this burger's a winner folks. At $8, easily one of the best burgers in Charlotte. Not feelin' the hog, opt for the seafarers. Vikings ate fish too ya know. A great addition to the uptown scene, and I can already see this being one of the hippest spots around.
4	Had a fantastic lunch there.  Enjoyed the braised cod -- a fantastic choice for anyone eating gluten or dairy free.   Friendly staff, generous portions.  Everybody in my work group liked what they had and we all agree we will go back!  They should offer helmets with horns for anyone ordering the Viking Burger. Even enjoyed a couple of rounds of pool while waiting for the food to come out.  Great rock music but a bit loud four lunch.  If it's as loud next time I'll ask to get it turned down some.
5	I discovered Valhalla from friends and have enjoyed brunch there several times over the past month.  I have really enjoyed the experience.  The food is very tasty, the price is very affordable and compared to other places - it is very easy to get a table for brunch.  We had our lunch at the outside tables this past weekend and between the great food and the beautiful weather we found ourselves staying longer than we expected to.I have recommended this place to others as a great place for Sunday Brunch.  It's uptown location prevents me from visiting at other times but for Sunday brunch the parking is plentiful, the service is excellant and the food is tasty.  Highly recommend.The only thing about Sunday brunch is they are sometimes out of the more popular selections.  There weren't any bangers this Sunday for example.  There were other wonderful selections though that more than made up for the lack - the Northern Eggs Benedict was yum!!
5	Valhalla is a great place to grab a drink and some food. I used to live in Copenhagen so I can attest to the quality of food. The beer selection also included some very good Scandinavian beers, which can be hard to find in most cities in America.The decor was great too. Wood benches, tables, columns, some weapons and viking helmets. I highly suggest this place to anyone looking for a quality spot in Uptown.
5	I love Valhalla.  I really do.  The owners are awesome & the food is always spot on.  It's a great hidden place to get lunch uptown & also a great place to catch a bite after work or a show.  You can sit in the Courtyard & enjoy your food as well. I'm partial to the Norsk burger, a mix of sausage & beef, a fried egg & norsk sauce & it's flippin' amazing.  The fish sandwich is seriously bigger than the plate, the curry sauce is perfect & the new chicken sandwich is the perfect lunch size.  I kid you not my boyfriend, who works across the street, eats here 3x a week for lunch, I can't tear him away from the place.
2	Went for just a pint and hoping to get a smoke salmon appetizer.  But to my surprise not smoke salmon appetizer to be found.  Service was kinda slow but I was there mid week and early afternoon.  If I had more time in the city I'd give it another try.
2	Had a mixed experience. I ordered the Norsk Burger last night and it was truly a great meal. Waffle fries on the side were also very good tasting. My wife on the other hand tried the Salmon Casserole with potatoes and sent it back. It didn't have any flavor. Later I noticed another girl sent hers back and replaced it with a Chicken Sandwich. My recommendation, stick to the meatballs and burgers...
4	I waffled between three and four stars, but ultimately I have to give Valhalla props for an affordable Uptown lunch that was pretty good.I was hoping for something a little more... substantial. The whole Nordic thing really comes off as more of a "theme" than anything. I was hoping to experience Nordic food in the same way one might expect to experience Thai food at a Thai restaurant. I could have gone to IKEA for the same level of authenticity - although the heavy timber trim was a nice touch.Having said that, the food was still good and the staff was very friendly. Given how increasingly rare under-$10 lunches are, I see myself heading back here.
4	Such a fan.One of the few places open on a quiet bank holiday uptown, I am so happy we stopped in. Everything on the menu looked great: wings to burgers, bangers and mash to salmon... The only thing missing was a turkey leg (which some had while watching a soccer game on a previous visit). The Norsk burger was a big hit (how can it not be with that thick slice of bacon and fried egg?), I LOVED my drunken chicken (I really thought I would be in need of a condiment, but that pineapple did an excellent job), the triple grilled cheese was tasty, and the bangers and mash hit home. Of course the waffle fries were awesome (who doesn't like waffle fries?) and the wings were quoted as being some of the "best (they'd) ever had". Delish cider, good beers on tap, and a good amount of tvs to catch any game, I'll be back!
5	I had to try Valhalla specifically do to Pourina's review.  I am also a huge fan of burgers with a gooey egg on top.  The Norske burger is easily the best hamburger I've had in a long, long, time!  The pork/beef mixture and the egg with bacon and Norske sauce make for a great experience of flavor regardless of the time of day.I didn't play around with my beer selection much.  Just a few Guinness.  I'm not sure if I found it funny or pretty cool that my Guinness head had a barista style clover swirled into it...hell...I'll give it two thumbs up.Lastly, the service was great and the decor...ah...who really cares...it was comfortable.  This is exactly what I'd expect from a neighborhood bar.  If I lived closer to Valhalla, I'd hang out here.
4	Went on a Tuesday evening.  Was one of two people in the place.  Had the Norske burger which was great all around.  I'm norwegian so had to buy a t-shirt.  Not too expensive.  Service was great.  Well the waitress could have hand fed me since it was dead.
4	The Norwegian meatballs are pretty great as are the crabcakes. It's a shame that on their happy hour slider plate one of your three sliders has to be their lackluster turkey meatball. Still the other two are quite tasty and the staff is friendly and accommodating. I know it feels sort of too clean and corporate for some but the food, drink and service is so much better than the French Quarter across the alley that I'm not sure why you'd still go there. I guess it being divey-er is cool and all but if your food, booze, and service aren't as good is it still worth it?
4	After reading the reviews of the norwegian burger, I decided i must try this place out!  So for my birthday my friends asked me where I wanted to go and it was here.  All of us but one got the norwegian burger.  It was freaking amazing.  It come one a sub type roll with egg and deliciousness all packed inside.  The pork/meat blend was perfect and the waitress said she would try for us to have the burger cooked on the edge :). This was the second best burger I have ever had in Charlotte. There were a good selection of beer on tap.  The only downside was it took about 30 minutes for our food to come out once we ordered. I will be back just for the norwegian burger.
5	My skills at finding decent bars in town must be in decline in m old age....I've been traveling to Charlotte for work since July of last year and FINALLY found my spot in Brevard Court.  Valhalla is cool all around.  Friendly bartenders and tasty meatballs.   It's sort of an Indian/Norwegian fusion corner bar next to the few "real" bars in Charlotte.  I despise the touristy financial district so have been spending way too much money on cab rides exploring the south end, NoDa and Plaza Midwood.  This is much easier and is a common after work drinking hole place for the non-cheesy Charlotte workers.  I dig it.  The beer selection is a bit limited but the owners can pull from Vintage Wine Shop as well.   Never had a bad meal there....craving those meatballs with curry as I write this actually.  Not sure if this counts as ironic, but I saw an old episode of Frasier the other day where Niles is discussing the new "hot" restaurant in town....an Indian/Norwegian fusion place.   I was like, holy shit, that place actually exists.  Definitely worth checking out.
4	Fun, energetic staff and a satisfyingly eclectic menu designed to please. Our first visit was late-night after drinks at one of the other bars in the the Brevard Court alley. We had a beer and a couple of shots as a nightcap, poured by a friendly bartender with patience for our antics. In the morning (well, it was actually close to noon) we returned for brunch. The sandwiches and fish and chips coming out of the kitchen were huge and amazing-looking, but we were there for breakfast foods. I had the Swedish Hash, which was WAY too much to eat, but delicious with bits of meat interspersed throughout the crispy potatoes and covered with egg. The bread was particularly good too. They even made us a pot of coffee (desperately needed).I hope to return to Charlotte one day, if for no other reason than to stop in and try some meatballs and maybe a Norsk Burger.
1	I feel bad for the poor bartender who had to serve everyone and cook the food! The chef couldn't make it to work... Where was the manager to deal with the customers who were forced to wait over an hour for food???? In the back, letter her continue to seat people as one table after another sat forever and then left...  Pathetic!!!!
4	Get the Norweigan burger--it is pretty darn good.Came here for Friday lunch with colleague of mine.  We both ordered the Norweigan burger-I did so based on friend's recommendation.  It doesn't disappoint.  It's like a sub roll with seasoned ground beef/chicken combination with veggies and amazing cheese.  Definitely want to grab lunch here again at some point.I like the place.  Looks clean and has a nice lil theme to it.  Since I came in the daytime, couldn't tell what it's like at night, but the French Quarter area(?) of uptown Charlotte seems like a hip little place to hang out.  Not there there's a lot of bars or anything but seems quaint and a little low-key.  Who knows, maybe it's poppin' like the Epicentre.Pet peeve:  finished meal wait for check, server drops off check, and disappears for ten minutes, picks up the check and disappears again for ten minutes, returns with our change.  I don't know about you but I hate the whole process and how long it takes.  I think the gap between dropping off the check and picking up the check takes way too long generally--but I can see how some people like to just eat, get the check, and sit there...I like to slip them the credit card, the minute the bill comes--kinda speeds up the process. ::Rant mode off: They were uber-slow in that respect.dmo out.
4	I wasn't able to give this place a five simply because we didn't have the opportunity to eat. We did look over the menu and can't wait to come back to Charlotte and dine here. That being said we stumbled across this gem literally.  As one other person mentioned service was a bit slow but well worth the quality. I had the best Bloody Mary ever!!!  The fresh squeezed drinks ROCKED too. This place is a must visit for people visiting Charlotte and want to get away from the "city" without leaving the city.
4	Yep, I'm a fan. I've eaten here more than anywhere else in Charlotte. It's convenient to most places in the Uptown area and there's plenty of parking nearby.It's a seat yourself establishment. It's quite small inside. If you're in a rush, best to go elsewhere. Even at its most crowded, there are never more than two staffer working the front of house here. It's slow to order, slow to receive your order, even slower to get any refills or seconds, and even slower than that to get your check and pay.But the food, beer selection, and vibe keep it at 4 stars. The menu doesn't have a ton of selections, but it's large enough. The burgers are great. The buffalo chicken dip is a definite fav of mine. Skip the salads.There's several TVs and all tuned to different channels, which is nice.The staff, when you can get their attention, are very nice and friendly.Overall, I'm definitely a fan and enjoyed my experiences here.
3	Came here for lunch and apparently I was too distracted by Nefelie's $8 steak lunch to notice this little gem hiding at the end of Brevard Court.  Rectangle burgers are ok by me.  You can tell that they are hand-patted (obviously, they're rectangles), which is great when you aren't eating the bun.  You know it was crafted with care, which I love.   The special is a great deal with side, burger, and drink included.  I'd love to come back because they serve BREAKFAST ALL DAY!!! Which is the best thing ever.  Also, hilarious viking lady posters on the wall make for interesting lunch conversation.  Excellent!  I think I'll upgrade the stars once I test out the breakfast stuff.
3	Local brews on tap. Pub fare and a heinous  viking atmosphere. Close enough to pre party before the Panthers NFL game
4	I must admit the theme of this place is what sold me. While the music is no where near metal or Norwegian folk, classic rock never disappoints.  Plus there's a small but quality selection rotating craft beers on tap. Have to give a shout out to Bob. Awesome server; very helpful and attentive. If he is the same way when the place is crowded then he truly has talent. Get the Norwegian burger, delicious and filling! Nice place!
3	Every time I have gone, they have had live music which is usually really good.  Their food is great for bar food. While it is a small bar, it is connected to a wine bar next door so you can get great wine from there.
4	I tried here on a Sunday and the place was slow, but the server was pleasant and greeted me nicely. I tried the wings with creole and they were wonderful. Even with the slow business they did a good job. Would recommend. There was one question, the check in on Yelp popped up a discount for doing the check-in, but they were not aware of it. So just curious how that is supposed to work.
4	Surprisingly good! We were hungry at 11 pm so we walked from our hotel to this pub!  I ordered the sweet and sour sauteed shrimp as a wrap and it was very good! My friend had the veggie burger and she could not stop raving about it!
3	I ate here my first night in town. It was good. I ordered the Norwegian burger with fries. They have a full bar. I think a park is being built across the street. over all ok place.
4	You guys, they are updating their menu and had a "Lamb Burger with Feta and Curry Mayo" to try as a special that they are adding.  It. Was. Awesome.  Seriously, so tasty.  You need to go here, and get that burger, and then die of happiness.  Been here several times, and although service is a tad slow during lunch, they're always very friendly and the food is great, so I don't mind.  ALSO - check in on Yelp... you'll be glad you did :)
3	Stopped by here last night and was pleasantly surprised!!  It is located right at the corner of Church and Brevard Court (which has nothing to do with Brevard Street!)  It looks like there is parking at lots and on the street.  During the week you can walk straight through the court from Tryon but they lock it up after hours and you can only access the court from Church.You can also sit at the outside tables in the court - good for the smokers.I had a margarita on the rocks - service was fast and friendly.  Very cozy place with a bar and high and low top tables - additionally booths in the main dining area.  I ordered the Swedish Hash - they serve breakfast all day!  Fun!The Swedish hash was very good - eggs over hash.  I had mine with hot sauce.  Very normal breakfast experience - I would probably try the meatballs next time.  The boyfriend had those and they were AWESOME!!  Will definitely be back.  Thanks guys!
3	Being a bit of a long walk from my place uptown I had never really even thought of checking this place out till now.  I'm glad I finally made the trek.  Tucked away in Brevard Court, which might I say, is really a cool little niche of uptown, Valhalla is a nice addition.  Exposed brick interior with the majority of the interior being the bar gives this place a nice neighborhood pub feel.  Combine that with the food and you've got a pretty decent place to grab a pint and a good meal.I enjoyed the turkey meatballs and side salad when I went but I really want to go back and try some of the other dishes, specifically some of the breakfast items.  Speaking of the breakfast items, they serve it all day long.  Parking for this place is non existent I'm pretty sure, you'll have to find street parking or a lot or a parking deck nearby.
4	Came here for Sunday Brunch with the hubby and we were pleasantly surprised. Sat at the high top by the window and ordered the Bloody Mary special for $5...very good and spicy. Asked bartender, Bob if we could watch the race and he changed it right away...very nice guy and very attentive. I ordered the Vafler which is a Norwegian waffle with fresh fruit and homemade whipped cream...wow!!! It was so good I didn't even need syrup. Hubby got the steak and egg burrito and said it was good too. He said it could've had a little more egg but still good.  We're native Charlotteans and walked by here many times and finally gave it a try. Been to their sister bar Hooligans many times and love it too. So glad we decided to give Valhalla a try. We'll definitely come back.
4	A beautiful place after a long Saturday night. Fish and chips were excellent. Wings were on point. There cheese fries were cold. Service was great.
4	Valhalla Pub had a fun atmosphere & tasty food.In case you couldn't tell from the name, Valhalla Pub is Scandinavian & Viking themed.Being Danish, I really enjoyed the atmosphere. The walls are covered with Nordic flags.Great meatballs & nice beer selection.The next time I am in Charlotte, I will definitely go back to Valhalla for some beer & food.
5	Great service, best we have had in town! Server made an amazing watermelon drink, thank you! Wide selection of food, everyone was pleased with what they got! Check this place out!
5	Food was good! The shrimp wrap was delicious as well as the grilled cheese. They have really good thick cut bacon. The Bloody Mary was one of the best I've had. It was spicy and the mix is made in house. It also comes with a Cajun shrimp, a pickled green bean and a pickled asparagus.
5	Big fan of this place! We came here on Friday evening after a concert in Uptown. There really isn't an actual parking lot....though, that isn't exactly an issue for us since we live in Uptown and walk everywhere!The bartenders are great. One of the female bartenders asked our names and for the entire night called us by name......I like that personal touch. She was making a margarita and my husband and I were talking abt how we wondered what it tasted like (it had some weird ingredient in it). The bartender overheard us and made a little extra for us to try a taste! That kind of service is what keeps customers coming back!We ordered the loaded fries with pot roast.......yeah, I know, not that great for you.....but man, it was amazing!!! The loaded fries had ham, pot roast, cheese, corn, and jalapenos on them. If you are going to break a diet, this is the ONLY way to do it! Will obviously be coming back for great food, amazing service, and cold beers!
4	Tonight I stopped by there for a great dinner of swedish mratballs, mashed potatoes, broccoli and beer! What great comfort food at an ok price in uptown Charlotte.   Thanks guys!!
2	I came here for a quick brunch before the Internationl Auto Show on a recent Sunday. I enjoy that area alot (Brevard Court) and always thought it's an under-appreciated affordable area in the otherwise expensive and pretentcious Uptown. The place had a few patrons that late morning, but with only one waitress who also worked as the bartender, service was a little slow. But the most disappointing part was the food/menu in relation to the price. For over $10 I got fried eggs and a so-called hash which was nothing more than fried cut up potato with microscopically diced sausage/bacon/onion. The entire dish lacked flavor. And THAT was their signature dish for brunch (as I asked the waitress for input).I think I'll just come back to this area for a relaxing night out instead. Food is not the forte. There are too many good brunch spots in and around Uptown for that price range.
2	Meh. The Buffalo (a place in America) wings were very good but had absolutely no heat.  The Viking (a guy from Norway) hamburger had absolutely no flavor--NONE!.  If this is what food is like in Norway, I understand why so many Norwegians moved here.  Furthermore it explains why Vikings were pissed off all the time.Did I give it too many stars for a meh?
3	The only reason for giving this 4 stars is because the food has been great both times we are there. We live a block away and there are so many restaurants in uptown to choose from within walking distance. The first time we went was on opening day for the Panthers before the game and they were slammed as expected. We ate at the bar and the bartender was friendly and service was fine but they had a problem with their computer so everyone that ordered a lunch item got their food but the tickets for the breakfast items apparently never made it to the kitchen. I had my food which was a blue cheese chicken wrap with delicious tots but waited an additional 30 mins for an egg and cheese sandwich. They were both really good and hit the spot. The second time we went was right when they open before the Panthers vs. Patriots Monday night football game and there was only one other table. We came with 4 friends (6 total) and the food was fine but we waited and waited for things because wait staff was chatting it up with friends. Both times it seemed like others were treated better than us because they assumed we were tourists and not locals. Even though the food was good, there are a lot of great restaurants in uptown to chose from so we'll probably give it one more shot.
3	Went for NYE.... crowded (expected) BF had a drink, I used the bathroom (which was nice and clean) then we sat outside (too cold) and left... not an area of town we usually frequent but would like to go back and check out on a less crazy night. Love the small bar feel of the place.
5	Excellent staff. I let the bartender surprise me by letting her order my meal.  Absolutely no disappointments with the Swedish meatball platter.  Food was right on target, beer selection is excellent, good whiskey on hand.  Really enjoyed talking with the regulars at the bar - not awkward and made me feel really at home.  Highly recommend this little nook of Charlotte.
4	Very solid recommendation as they deserve  four star rating. Everything we wanted in a pub:  good food, nice draught ales and beers, great service, and distinctive vibe. Loved their Scandinavian take on a burger...YUM!!
5	I loved everything here. They have a great selection of quality micro-brews, as well as tasty, freshly squeezed juices for their drinks. The service was friendly and prompt, and the atmosphere is great for anyone wanting the more "local" feel of Charlotte.
4	Limited menuReally good northern eggs BenedictGreat service Dead. Word not out. Great find.
4	I recently visited Valhalla for the first time before a Knights game uptown. Being from Minnesota, I was excited to see a Viking themed pub in the area and I really wanted to check it out. For those not wanting a long read, I'll sum my review up first, then go into detail. The food tasted great (I had a Norwegian Burger), the pub itself is fairly small with about 5 booths and maybe 7-10 tables plus bar seating, and it was VERY NOISY (I was nearly shouting just to talk across the table). All that said, I would definitely go again just based on the quality of the food and the fact that the draft beer menu is nearly all local beers.So here's more in depth:Food: As I said, I ordered the Norwegian Burger. I figure that if I'm going to try a new restaurant, I should order something particular to that place. And I was not disappointed. It was delicious. It consisted of a mixed pork and sausage burger on what seemed to be a sub roll, with cheese and an over-easy egg, along with dressing of some sort (I forget what exactly now). I also opted for the bacon on it as an advertised extra for $1.50. The bacon was good, but it was exactly 1 strip of bacon for $1.50. Waaayyyyyy overpriced. Aside from the added unnecessary cost of the bacon though, it was a well priced burger, and I would definitely order it again, sans bacon. It also came with tater tots, and they were perfect, nice and crispy.Drinks: Their draft beer menu is mostly local beers, which is great. And they also have fresh squeezed juice cocktails, which we didn't get but looked good. I may actually go back to try their spiked lingenberry lemonade.Decor: Valhalla is a small pub with random viking themed art on the walls. I personally liked the decor, pretty simple but effective.Noise: Here's where I felt the biggest issue was with Valhalla. The noise level was pretty ridiculous, and not for what seemed to be any good reason. There wasn't a band playing, and the music piped through the speakers wasn't exceptionally loud either. I'm fairly certain it all comes down to acoustics. The magnification of all of the small talk from everyone in the pub mad it necessary to shout just to talk to my wife across the table. And I'm not some old man that can't hear, it was just crazy loud. I wondered if there was anything they could install in the ceilings to try and absorb just some of that sound. It was pretty busy in there while we were there (it was a Saturday before a Knights game), so I wasn't expecting quiet at all. I really do think it just comes down to the acoustics of the pub itself.Again, to sum it up: Great food, great beer, just make sure to bring your earplugs ;-)
5	A large group of us came here on a Saturday morning for brunch where we found excellent service and unique bloody marys. The bacon was excellent and the atmosphere was truly elite. Solid experience, we will be back.
4	I like this place. It's got a great feel to it, the food is reasonably priced, and the meatball sandwich was very good.
4	It's tough to review this place. I once got the Norwegian Burger and never looked back. It is the only thing I order there. I have cravings for it. I can't even tell you what else is on the menu. The beef is not as flavorful as some other places like Clover Joes a few place down, but everything else they throw on it still makes this one of the best in my opinion.Maybe one day I'll branch out. It just doesn't seem like I need to.
3	Vahallas is pretty good. The fried pickles are meh but the pretzel bites are really good. The spicy bloody Marys are amazing unless it's the World Cup, then they make them so you breathe fire, but otherwise they're really good & they come with shrimp. The food is good though & the atmosphere is fun & the staff is great!
4	Pretty good! Impressed with service. Breakfast was awesome. A local IPA on tap that's amazing.
5	Food is amazing try the fish and chips it is to die for a large piece of fried fish on a bed of waffle fries so yummy.
3	This is more of a 3.5 star review.Stopped by here early afternoon on July Fourth as we were walking around downtown. While it was a holiday, they were not extremely busy during our visit. Loved the decor and the food was great ... we both got fish and chips.What brings my review down is that the service we got was not that great. I felt like we had a black sheet over our table and were forgotten about. Every one around us seemed to be getting good service but it was a struggle for us. When someone did come by it was really rushed and the server was practically walking away while we were still talking.
5	In town for work and wanted a good place to eat, drink and feel at home. Valhalla is the place. Delicious food (try the meatballs), reasonably priced drinks, and excellent service. Came in to watch the World Cup semifinals and had more fun than I could've ever expected. Jody, the bartender, is top notch. She makes a mean drink and is great at chatting it up and making you feel right at home. I will definitely be back here every time I'm in Charlotte and hope that others enjoy this jewel in the Queen City as much as I do.
2	Valhalla Pub was.. okay. My family and I ate there before a Knights game because it is conveniently close to the stadium. Their menu is small and very "meat"-friendly. It was also filled with pretty unhealthy options, something I like to avoid. I finally decided on the buffalo chicken salad with habanero dressing. I'm normally able to handle extremely spicy foods but the dressing ended up being way too much for me. The waitress did not warn me, or check to see if the food was okay. I couldn't even finish the salad because my mouth burned so much. Mind, the pub was super busy and our waitress seemed to be handling most of the tables on her own. It was also very loud, which I didn't mind, but others may want to pass. It's convenient if you're attending a Knights game, but other than that, I won't go back.
4	I came across this little bar one day walking around Charlotte. I love this place. The food is awesome and the staff is always friendly. It's small and personal. It's the perfect bar for those who hate Chain bars and restaurants. It's in the perfect location right across from the new Knight stadium and near the Panther stadium.
2	As soon as we sat down, the table was sticky. Our waitress was extremely rude to us. She brought my friend the wrong order, and when I tried to tell her she held up one finger and then left for 5 minutes. The food was awful but the service was much worse. They were out of fries (you're a pub??) and the Drunken Chicken sandwich had a piece of chicken about half the size of the bread, so not much of a sandwich there (and no honey mustard on it, as it was supposed to have). The tater tots, we picked apart, and there was NO potato in them - just breading. Meanwhile, I asked for a box 10 minutes ago and am writing this review waiting for it instead of being on my way. There is a nice park across from it.
1	UGH!, I don't even know where to start. But I came for lunch around 11:45a and why there was a nice welcome... well that was the en of it!. We sat down pretty quickly but it wasn't until around 12:10-12:15 when we finally got our drinks and finally placed our orders, in the end after having 3 waiters and having to stand up countless of time to ask about our food (chicken wings, Sandwich and a turkey wrap ), we finally received out food. Which included COLD! fries and under-cooked chicken wings. Needless to say I was completely disappointed with the experience, but I will DEFINITIVELY NOT return to this place.
4	If you're looking for brunch, this is no longer your spot. They have done away with their brunch menu recently due to the fact that they could not accommodate large game day crowds. This is unfortunate, and I expect they will need to put brunch back on the menu soon because it was very popular. However, the bartender was extremely friendly and accommodated by allowing my friend and I to order from their old brunch menu. This happened after I mentioned that their website still advertised Saturday and Sunday brunch. I ordered the Norwegian Eggs Benedict, which was fantastic. The food was good! Their Bloody Marys were decent. I think they got busy and forgot to put some of the extras in our drinks (ex pickled asparagus, even though there was a jar sitting on the bar top).Overall: A great experience, fantastic location, friendly staff, good food, decent prices. I will definitely be returning.
5	I loved this place so much I came back the next day. Great food and cool atmosphere. I got the Lagertha Turkey Sandwich. Amazing. Turkey with melted cheddar cheese, mayo, green apple slices and lingonberry sauce. For my side I got the mashed potatoes which were also very good. I'll def be back for lunch next time I'm in Charlotte! I left very impressed.
1	This was by far the worst experience I have had while dining in Charlotte. We went to brunch around noon and were seated in a back room. After 10 minutes we still hadn't had a server greet us so we politely told the bartender who responded with "we're really busy"...he proceeded to come in and take our drink order. As we went around the table ordering drinks each of us said "I'll have a ... And a water please" by the 3rd person he interrupted her order and rudely said "I get it everyone's having water too, next". I was in complete shock that he would speak to us like that. It only got worse from there. Our waitress finally showed up and we never really saw her again. The food was okay (burger was awful) but the service was so bad that we will never be back.
5	This a great place, close to the office.  What makes it great is the staff.  They do a good job on pub grub and the execution is excellent.  Dishes like the Fish and Chips stand out.  That said, it's a mark of a good pub when they know your name and what you like--that is good service.
5	What can I say. The place is great. Service is excellent, food is great, and location and atmosphere are nice as well. At first glance the menu seems like they just added Norwegian/Viking names to the beginning of traditional American dishes but upon closer inspection you realize that's not the case. I got a turkey sandwich and well I was thinking I'll be getting a regular sliced turkey sandwich with some mayo a little bacon and some cheese. I was way wrong. First off it was real turkey like at thanksgiving. Next the bacon was super thick cut and excellent. Let's not forget about the bread. Not sure how to describe it other than fresh and appeared to be house made. Mashed potatoes at Valhalla = awesome - that's all I can say.I also went there for a happy hour and it was great as well. Excellent service and felt like we were just hanging out at a friend's house well until they brought the bill that is. HaSo give it a try I think you'll really like it. If you don't well then you may not be ready to be in Valhalla.
5	Killer burger (I had the Norwegian) & stupendous service,  even though they were slammed with football game goers!  My girl had the triple grilled cheese, also fantastic!   Cool decor,  casual & fun atmosphere,  we will absolutely eat here again!
4	Came here one afternoon after I stopped in at Hooligans for a quick bite to eat. We were seated right away and our food came out quick. Beers were cold and the wings were good. I also had the cheesesteak sandwich with waffle fries and that very good as well. I actually came here with the intensions of getting the Norwegian Burger after hearing good things and never got a chance to try it. This is a great little place to come to grab a bite if your in the area. The service is fantastic and the food was solid! I look forward to coming back here and trying a few more things that caught my eye. **Please note - alcohol was consumed at Hooligans prior to eating here lol. I will most certainly update my review if my next few experiences here aren't as good.
4	Food was fantastic.  The place was pretty empty, but then again it was Monday.  I had the lamb burger and my colleague, a Brit, had the bangers and mash.  He said the sausage was the closest to British sausage he's ever had.  Great beer selection and the staff was very friendly.  I'd give it a 4.5 if I could.  It wasn't a 5, but the visit was better than a 4.  I highly recommend if you're looking for traditional pub food and a place to converse.
5	This place is fantastic!! Never could complain about anything that has come out of their kitchen. The food is awesome!!! Plus freshly squeezed fruits as mixers in your cocktails say whaaaa!!! The place is dope!!
3	I'm not sure what all the rave reviews are all about?  We went on a Wednesday evening, it was fairly crowded compared to the New Orleans place across the way so we decided to stop in for some food. Service was pretty decent, place was really cute. Reminds me of a country irish pub, dark and cozy. It seems to be Norwegian themed but very few actual Norwegian dishes (which would have made it really interesting)  I had the fish and chips and my boyfriend got the wings. He said they were lukewarm and unappealing.  My fish was okay, at least not soggy. Both of us had fries which were not warm at all.  Definitely 5 star atmosphere and probably great during a game but not a restaurant by any stretch of the imagination.
4	Pretty good last minute pick I came up with for the friends and family.According to my wife the best ever salmon Benedict she ever had. Then she let me sample and I would say the same.Then we got waffle fries fully loaded.the fries were good but the fully loaded lacked the fully part. The cheese barely covered the home top part.the ham and bacon toppings were as little skinny. But the fries stayed crispy not soggy so that was good.I got the Philly cheeses steak no peppers.and the bread wad really good and fresh. The streak inside was fully covered with cheese. So that part was good I added mushrooms but that was a little lost inside.I had some but not enough as an add on.Our friends had the fish tacos and fish and chips and liked then. So over all success.I don't think I would come back to this place just yet there are lots of places to try in this area.
5	Had a delicious brunch here. Food was reasonably priced and our waitress was very nice. I highly recommend the spiked lingonberry lemonade! It's a great cocktail for brunch, or anytime really. We went home later and made some more!
