5	Oh la la!  I love the display of fresh baked breads in this place.  Its almost overwhelming.  The viennoiseries were fresh and excellent and rivaled those found in France.  Premiere Moisson is a definite must if you are a lover of French breads and pastries. I went to 3 of their stores and was pleased with all of them, but the one at Jean Talon has the best bread display.  If you live in New England, its worth the drive and cheaper than going to France!
5	I went to Premiere Moisson at Jean Talon market twice during my stay in Montreal and was very impressed by the freshness of their breads no matter what time of the day it was. I also recommend their pate de foies aux fines herbes. Breakfasts in Montreal can be quite a treat if you shop at PM.
5	I heart freshly baked bread, but here it is taken to another level with the PERFECT baguette. I got an olive loaf and a parmesan boule. Unfortunately I was concerned with crossing the border with these loaves that we scarfed the bread down while driving south. It still tasted amazing!
4	After doing a couple of laps around the market our empty stomachs decided it was time for a bite.Thankfully, we had this bakery in our sights.They have some great organic breads and paninis for a reasonable price. And the soup was a warm welcome.However, everything was served on paper plates/bowls, which I assumed would lead to a compost bin. Non! They went straight into the trash, along with their fifth star.
5	We took home a baguette and three fantastic portions of the charcuterie, plus homemade cornichons for $19,20. BTW, the Today show was visiting from NYC when I was there. I love this place.
5	Everything we purchased was excellent- honey wheat bread, rolls, tart, and an eclair. I've been to my fair share of bakeries and I make my own bread which requires a trip to the bear and wine store for supplies you can't get in the grocery store. My mother has been baking and making desserts for 40 plus years and she is DAMN good at it so I don't my bakeries lightly. This is a good one! A must if you are already heading to Jean Talon Market.
5	There is a crazy awesome selection of the most beautiful bread and pastries here. My friend and I bought a fruit danish, almond croissant, one olive and one multigrain baguette, two cups of coffee and it only came out to $16! The quality of the food here is really outstanding - you can see and taste that everything is made with care and skillful technique. The croissants were flaky, the bread's texture was chewy and tender all at once, and the fruits and fillings tasted like real food (not oversweetened or anything).We also couldn't resist perusing their jam and charcuterie section and ended up buying some nice canadian maple bacon and locally made preserves. This is a great place to shop for little foodie souvenirs for your friends or yourself. The only sad part is having to leave!
4	Great place. Yummy sandwiches. But they have a terrible system. You're expected to look at the food counter, make a decision, place your order, wait for your order, and pay for your order all in the same space. The major problem is that there are another 20 people standing around doing the same thing. It's not very productive and often times frustrating. Despite that I go a lot, so make of that what you will.
4	Located right next to the Marche Jean-Talon, Premiere Moisson is a yummy smelling bakery. The Premiere Moisson is a popular all-natural bakery - with quite a few locations throughout Quebec, using only natural, non-chemically treated and non-bleached flour. They have everything from chocolate bread, baguettes, to fresh fruit cakes and tarts. Deliciously made from fresh everyday. Great variety of delicious fresh bakery items. I'm extremely impressed by the service, the line is pretty long but their efficiency is amazing! We got to munch on our chocolate bread without much of a wait.
4	I had a mixed experience of this place the first time I ate at their Atwater Marche location. The servers were rude and pushy. This time around My friends and I went to the Jean Talon location and had the complete opposite experience. The servers were nice and patient and not bitchy at all! Great coffee (Jean Talon location has espresso) and their sugar tart was an eye opener. Never had I had a richer almond croissant.
5	A beautiful building and a beautiful start to a Jean Talon Market visit. I live nearby and am thankful every morning for the smells that waft out of here. They have added a cute blue little gluten free section recently, and also have been spotlighting one-off creations made by their team. You can get in the bread line if you're just grabbing a loaf or croissant or chausson aux pomme or muffin (closes eyes, drools for a sec, resumes...) Or grab a number and go to the other side for sandwiches, prepared meals, and any of the cakes or more glorious pastries. There is a prettyish, sunny, covered terrasse in the back if you're looking for a spot to sit and eat.Hot tip, if you're just grabbing a baguette you might not need to wait in line at all, check the table between the bread counter and the covered terrasse (to your left if you're facing the counters.) There are usually stacks of baguette there which you can grab and just head on over to the cash like a champ.
5	Everyone behind the counter was very prompt, helpful, and patient with us as we agonized over which pates and breads to get. One of them took time to ask us what flavors and textures we like, in order to make the best suggestions. The a la carte pates are very nicely priced: for about 225g, it was only $8. We liked some more than others (the foie gras mousse best), but all were great.
4	Love this place. Great sandwiches, fresh bread, nice staff who know their stuff. I have no complaints other than the fact that they seem to run out of baguette more often than not.
5	First rate French baked goods and bread. Melt-in-your-mouth croissants.  Beautiful tarts, sandwiches, coffee, jams, pates. Yummmmm.
