2	I'm not sure what the deal is with Black Angus, the setting almost tries to present a higher class eating experience, although that fleeting ambience in their eyes justifies their prices.  We went last night, and I've been several times before because this tends to be a go to of the in-law's. (and because they were paying :) I've never been overly impressed by their food, and even prefer the kischy outback and lone star to them.  The meat tends to be bland and not better than I can get at an $13.95 special steakhouse. the difference is the same smaller cut of meat costs 21.99 at black angus.  The appetizers aren't bad but nothing I haven't seen some derivation of before.  the service wasn't bad, but nothing else really stood out to me, except the high prices.if they want to treat me to a steak dinner, who am I to refuse, but you won't see me there of my own accord.
1	My wife and I have been looking at this place for a long time and finally decided to give it a try tonight.  She ordered the fillet w lobster tail, garlic mashed potatoes and green beans.  I choose the 16oz porter house with baked potato and dinner salad.  Both steaks were very tough.  For the "prime" cuts of beef that they were said to be, these didn't come close to what you'd expect for a top quality steak house.  The dinner salad was close to frozen, the bread was very dry, the lobster tail was good, but nothing special.  The service was average.  All in all, we were sorely disappointed and I'm sure we won't return.
2	I usually don't like giving 3 stars or less..  But I honestly don't think this place deserves more than 2 stars!  Went there over the weekend with group of friends (5 people).  Okay.. I will just cut to the chase.  50 mins to get dinner.  Asked multiple times for refill.   Another 20 mins to pay.   $20 for 12 oz ribeye with 2 sides, and it wasn't that great!  I can get better service and better tasting steak for less at Texas road house.  This explains why lot of their locations are out of business..  Maybe they should change their name to "Black Anus".. LOL! Okay that was little rude!
4	It's been a few years since I have had dining at ANY Black Angus....not because I am not a fan but more so because there are fewer and fewer of them in my local area.  This week there happened to be some coupons in our mail so Rosealyn, who really likes BA suggested it as a spot for this weeks dinner.We stopped by on a Wednesday evening, there were four of us for dinner and we went fairly early.  Sadly this is the Geriatric hour so the median age was at least 65 as they blue hairs need to feed and be tucked into bed well before 7 or they turn into pumpkins or something worse.Our waiter was Chris.  Young, energetic but a bit disconnected and mechanical in his mannerisms, for what ever reason I will never know.  He took our order for both food and drinks and was advised of our desire to use the coupons which BA was offering.  Rosealyn and Phil ordered the $39.95 Camp Fire Feast for Two. They chose the Wagon Wheel Sampler Platter as their Appetizer to share which had Crispy Fried Garlic-Pepper Zucchini, Buffalo Chicken Tenders, 2 Loaded Potato Skins and Shrimp Cocktail.  I think that should have been a meal in and of itself but there is more to come.  Then the main dish was Prime rib and they shared a Big Mountain Fudge Cake for Dessert which taken home as they were completely full after all food listed above.  Margaret eats like a bird so she had the Loaded Baked Potato Soup then a plate of the Deep Fried Garlic-Pepper Zucchini with Cucumber dipping sauce which was too much for her to finish.  I opted for the $15.99 1/2 lb. Prime & Mud dinner.  This was Prime Rim with Sweet Potato Fries and a Caesar Salad followed by a huge chuck of Sky High Mud Pie.  My Prime was small, looking more like something on a steak sandwich but served rare and flavorful as it should be.  Horse Radish sauce and Au Jus were also offered in the side.  The fries were crispy and the salad quite large. Since there was so much food I also asked for my dessert to-go and then ended up leaving it on the table as we departed...a major disappointment on my part.Overall it was a good food experience.  The food was flavorful and at the right temperatures and I would certainly go back.  The waiter could have been a bit more friendly and less preoccupied but you cannot have everything.  If you are going to take advantage of the Happy Hour pricing, REMEMBER its ONLY available in the bar and NOT in the main restaurant.
5	I have been to the Black Angus numerous times. This is an outstanding restaurant. The staff is great. They are always friendly, doesn't matter who is working, all are great. The food is EXCELLENT! Does not matter what you get, you can not go wrong. The manager is also such a nice person. She makes everyone feel welcome and encourages you to return and visit again. This is something I will do. This is my favorite place. Check out this awesome restaurant and bring the family.
4	A decent place. Good food. Great value with a coupon. Service is less than stellar as the place is always packed. Wait staff mainly mechanical. Make a reservation ahead of time during peak season. Prime rib was quite good. Good once or twice a month.
5	Went for an early dinner last friday night. It was our waiter Justin's first night (full disclosure, he told us he had restaurant management experience, so I think he was a ringer) and we had an excellent meal. Justin was spot on with his service level, checked on us with just the right frequency, refilled drinks almost before we needed them, asked plenty of questions to ensure we got what we wanted when we wanted it, then finished with the coup de gras - are you likely to come in for lunch? no? Then I won't impose on you with the lunch spiel. So appreciated!Food was also spot on - a pleasant surprise considering I always seem to have issues with my meals at other steak houses. The filet was cooked perfectly, au gratin potatoes were delicious, huge wedge salad was served ice cold and Justin was back in seconds with extra dressing that I requested. BTW - a special thanks to whoever cooked my filet - it was perfect!!!  Truly impressive! Kudos to all, including the manager for hiring Justin, he's going to be a great asset to your team!
4	Although the restaurant is rather expensive, I have to say the service and food is exceptional. We were seated rather quickly and the waitress provided water immediately. The warm bread was moist on the inside and the outside had a slight crunch. The appetizer was brought out rather quickly and the waitress specifically asked if we would like to have dinners put in after she brought out salads. Waitress was exceptional. Steaks were perfect medium well not burnt or mooing. Plenty of food even took home leftovers. Great conversation, great food, and great atmosphere.
4	We ducked out and was hiding from Trick or Treaters on Halloween (even though we had 15 bags of freaking candy).  Great, we are going to be known as that house.  =(We were surprised that they were getting packed!!  I guess we were not the only ones ducking.  he he he...  We were quoted a 15 min wait.  We were sat in 15 mins, so cool!  The server was friendly and helpful.  I show him my b-day coupon and he noted it down.  He came back with our drink orders quickly and then took our food order.  He was so attentive through the dinning experience.  Loaded Potato Skins:  Ok, a little bland.Top Sirloin Center-Cut:  It was good, the quality of the steak was ok.  The two sides:  Western Wild Rice - Good    Au Grain Potato - Good, but a tad too salty for my tasteThe 4 stars is because of the server, he surprised me with a warm cookie & ice cream.  He remember due to the coupon I showed him in the beginning.  That was so cool of him.
5	Outstanding super food and service
2	My husband and I went a couple of weeks ago to this restaurant as we had heard from a couple of people that it was a good place to go to. Maybe we just went on a "bad day" because it wasn't that great. We went on a Friday evening and the place was nearly empty. Our drinks arrived pretty quick and our order was taken, but I noticed that other people had the "loaf" of bread We seriously asked about 4 different waiters where our bread was and they all said the same "I'll get it for you right now". They would walk off and 10 minutes later..nothing. Well we never got the bread and when our food finally arrived. It was bland, cold, and dry. We did order a dessert to split and that was actually the only good thing about the experience...
5	We go here from time to time for a special treat and this time it was my husbands birthday. They were so incredibly generous giving us free steak dinner and large cookie skillet with ice cream as a birthday gift. The service was impecible and our waiter even broght us a hot towel to wipe our hands on. You really cant go wrong with the food and service of this place. We made our reservations for Easter!!!  Bravo staff at Black Angus in Goodyear.
5	Great services and prices.   Good place to do date night!!
4	I went here on friday night because I was celebrating my graduation with my family. We had to wait like 45 minutes but, it was expected for a friday night. When we got seated, we got seated by a very nice hostess. She was polite and talkative. She seated us in a nice booth. We waited a little while before we were helped by our waitress but when she did help us she gave us what we wanted. She seemed very distracted and like she didn't give us all of her attention but its understandable she was busy so no worries. The food was excellent! better than I expected. I had the Terriyaki sirloin and it was a great! I loved it because it was sweet, and I was still able to taste the meat. I will come back again.
5	I really like this steak house it's one of my favorites. The steak is cooked perfectly (accurately cooked according to your request) juicy, tender and simply delicious. The sides are just as delicious and I absolutely LOVE their fried zucchini appetizer. Oh and yes it is a great place for a date night, in fact the first time I ever came here was one a first date! lol Anyway, definitely a go-to place if you are in the Goodyear/Avondale area.
3	I use to frequent this place alot about 5 times a week i loved there king salmon the first time was the best time after that it didnt taste the same but i continued to go because my friend loved it .. if your looking to eat healthy try the filet mignon salad the wait time is horrible the staff are for the most part okay but i only suggest this for a bite to eat not a date night
3	Was pretty slow for a Wednesday but nice and quiet.  My husband, son and I went for dinner.  Ordered the 2  for $58 meal and I got the top sirloin and prawns.  Appetizer was cold!! Flat bread is supposed to be hot.  Salads were good and a good size.  Dinner came out nice and hot and cooked great! The two Ribeye's were kind of fatty but cooked as asked, hot and good.  Service was ok, kind of slow and far between but ok.  Will definitely go again.
5	I loved the steaks here!  They are so good and our waitress (Tammy) was amazing to.
1	This was my first time eating at Black Angus. My experience was horrible. My food was not fresh. It was cold, disgusting and nothing was season! It was like they gave me leftover food. And to be honest I almost threw up. Ugh!!! NEVER AGAIN! I wouldn't recommend this place to a dog!
1	First visit w my husband. We sat at the bar for dinner. Bartenders werent attentive. Food came quickly, however steak wasn't cook correctly. My drink was empty and no one ever asked me if I wanted another. Food was mediocre and price was way to high. They asked us how the food was at the END of the meal.
5	The food and service is excellent. I had the teriyaki beef for lunch with a side of steak soup and broccoli and enjoyed every bite. I recommend this place for a nice place to eat.
5	The service here is amazing and the food is equally as amazing. The staff is friendly and the space is comfortable. A great place to eat!
1	Worst experience at Black Angus ever, steaks weren't cooked right and they were really thin, waitress wasn't attentive at all. She even forgot the next tables salads until they were done eating. We won't be back.
4	I have been to a few Black Angus locations and this one is the best.  The atmosphere is good whether it's lunch time or dinner time.  The service is always friendly and usually pretty good.  The manager will come through and ask how you're doing and clear dishes and such.  That is a rarity to see management do any kind of manual labor.  I do feel that it is a bit pricier here than it should be.  $29 for a steak and they want to charge extra for a side of asparagus?  That does not seem right, but I will definitely eat here again.  The steaks are awesome.
3	This is the second time to this locale. Ambiance is fairly descent with the high back booths offering privacy. Appetizers were really good, zucchini and cheese bread. The Rib eye steak was tasty however, still too much fat on the meat,  disproportionately too much if I have to cut off 20% for fat. The waitress was initially slow to serve and keep the glasses fullWhich should not have been a huge tasks with only 3 tables to wait on. Also, the place charges for refills. Paid more for food and service than it was worth.
1	I like Black Angus, but this time we had the worst experience. First off, they gave my fiancee a Bud light when he asked for Coors Light on tap. The appetizer ( teriyaki steak lettuce wraps) had a good taste, but the steak was tough. we ordered two steak dinners.The first one, was a New York (it was not a New York and it was tough).The second one was a Teriyaki Top Sirloin (this steak had too much teriyaki-way too strong, I could only eat about four pieces). The green beans were tough and too much pepper WOW. Also,  they were completely out of Prime Rib, which is really why we went to black Angus.
3	Nice steak place to try out but nowhere near tops.The service is great and the place looks neat. The food is OK starting with the fried zucchini from the appetizer menu. The warm molasses bread and butter is outstanding. Not much of a selection on the draft beer but they have bullseye brew which I like. As for the steaks, many cuts and side selections to add but I like my steak plain. No A1 or any other cover up sauce for that matter. At Black Angus, the fist thing they ask after you get your food is if you would like A1. You know what that means. On my recent visit, I left a little disappointed. My steak was cooked way passed medium rare and too tough for a good cut of beef.
5	The food was great after a long day in the car, but the highlight of our dining experience was our waitress! Kalli's service was super quick and she was so helpful, cheery, and attentive that she really made our evening delightful.  We'll be back next week!
1	I here right now and i feel so uncomfortable haveing all these people passing my table looking at me then looking away every worker here so far has look at me i will never come here again there was a hair in the butter for the bread one of the plates still had hard cake on food it like they do the mim to charge for a service that i dont get i will leave no tip this place is horrible.
5	My hubby and I went there for the first time tonight for our anniversary. Food and service were great. Their margarita was fabulous. Can't wait to go back
2	"I know you can be overwhelmed, and you can be underwhelmed, but can you ever just be whelmed?"So sayeth the teenage movie, and so it is with Black Angus. Thoroughly and utterly whelming..Let me start by saying the only truly aggravating thing was that they were out of 2 different kinds of red wine and there were maybe 4 glass choices to begin with. After the next one wasn't available by the glass I just kind of gave up and let my husband pick. My husband had the Prime Rib, Garlic Mash and Broccoli. I had the Bacon Blue Butter Ribeye, Loaded Baked Potato and Caesar Salad. We split the Crispy Garlic-Pepper Zucchini things and White Chocolate Cheesecake. At the risk of being redundant, if I don't specify something it was adequate. The Prime Rib 12 oz. had no crust on it. Zero. So it was basically a hunk o' roasted meat. The Garlic Mashed was not garlicky and texture was way off.The Ribeye was thin. Like IHOP steak thin. The two stars is mostly because the price implies that something will be really good. And nothing was. For $100 (our meal plus tip) you get better quality, service and value at Outback, Yard House, etc. Thanks Black Angus! I now know what it is to be whelmed.
2	Lunch on Christmas Eve was great with my wife and mother-in-law. Just one problem our server did not seem to care to address the ASPARAGUS that is served with the inedible part still attached . Cooking 101 basic food preparation such as removing the the bark part of the asparagus should be known by their "Cooks", I don't think a " Chef " would serve asparagus like that. 2 stars now maybe 4.5 if we did not have the asparagus. The server should have addressed this problem with the "cook".
