5	I've searched the world for the perfect pepperoni pizza.  I've searched it over and over again.  Damn it man!  I've wasted my life searching and searching to the farthest corners of the earth to find that saucy cheesy meaty delite!  Only to find that my favorite pepperoni pizza will always be Barro's,  a restaurant just around the corner from where I grew up.I loathe you, you tasty cheesy bastards...oh, and can I have a large pepperoni to go?
3	I previously compared Barros to Le Grand Orange and Pizzaria Bianco. I was wrong. Barros isn't even in the same league or even ballpark as LGO, Bianco or even Cibo!! Like I said though, I like Barros. It's a great everyday pizza. Kinda like a nice middle of the road bottle of wine. But LGO and Cibo are hand-tossed, fire-oven baked, thin, crispy yet chewy NYC yumminess!  Enjoy!
4	Barro's is great.  If you're looking for some standard takeout pizza, this is the place.  Great cheese, great sauce, great crust.And you might as well ignore that reviewer who gave this restaurant two stars because it's not better than something that is not the same thing at all.  Well, no pizza is good as caviar, so I guess all pizza places should be three stars or lower...
4	my husband LOVES this place for pizza.  we often get the pizza and wings deal that there are coupons floating around for, especially when we have family visiting.  It's better than little caesars, dominos, etc, but not as good as Vitos.  The service is fast and friendly.
5	My wife and I had a long standing debate over this place. She has held for years that it's the best of the non-gourmet, non-specialty pizza joints. I think I'm finally ready to admit that she was right.Barro's offers your standard pizza options for the standard prices, the difference is really in the quality. Every aspect of the pizza is done exceptionally well here. The crust is thin, but not too thin, delicious, crispy, hearty,  just a little chewy. They don't skimp on the toppings either, giving you plenty of cheese and loading it up with goodies. The sauce is tomatoey, sweet, and savory with spices. Despite all the cheese, the slices are never greasy and even the pepperoni gets crisped up nicely in the oven. For a standard pepperoni pizza, Barro's really is the best. Their toppings are always fresh and generously doled out, especially when it comes to the veggies. No paper-thin mushrooms or tiny dried out olives here.The wings here, which are usually forgettable at other pizzerias, are actually damn good. The chicken is real, juicy, and tender, not overly breaded, and absolutely drowning in buffalo sauce. Plus, they usually way over-deliver on the quantity. Last time I ordered 24 boneless wings, I got closer to 40. The only downside is that they don't really have a hot flavor that is actually hot. I've been eating here since about 1996, and it's only gotten better over time.
5	I am a bit of a Barro's freak, and it's tops on my list for diet cheats... I've been going to other locations for years, and realized this one is actually much closer to my house.. While the menu is the same as all others, my experience with take-out pizza and wings last Sunday was a few notches above the other locations.. simply put, the food was prepared much better than other locations I've been to... As a whole, Barro's has RIDICULOUSLY AWESOME Pizza and some of the best wings I've had outside of The Great Lakes region..
4	This was my first visit to a Barro's Pizza -- didn't realize it was a chain so I was pleasantly surprised to find it near my current location.  The food was very good, the service sharp and the restaurant was fairly clean considering everyone we saw was probably under 20.  Toppings were generous, crust was above average and the flavors were full and fresh.  I'll probably return to this location as long as I'm in the area.
4	We ordered delivery from Barros and got an XL pepperoni and 24 wings. The pizza here is AMAZING! It's hard to go anywhere else, get pizza, and say it's good after eating Barro's. The whole pizza, cheese, sauce, crust, pepperoni, and spices make this pizza extremely tasty. Again, I cannot reiterate how good it tastes. The wings, were meh, and a little soggier than what I prefer. The buffalo sauce tasted good, but I think the wings would be better if the either fried them or baked them a little longer. I wanted to give them 5 stars overall but feel all items should be up to par to earn this rating. The wings need a little work but were not bad. The pizza is for sure 5 stars. The price is decent too.
4	Great pizza, quick service - both eat-in, with the specials, and pick-up. Original build-your-own is a good value.
4	Barro's is the place to go if you want inexpensive high quality pizza in a relaxed atmosphere. They have the best bubbly crust (I always go for the slices with the biggest bubble...not sure why) and the prices are definitely fair. One complaint that I would have is about the staff. From what I can recall, I've never seen an employee that doesn't look to be in high-school. The high school students can be a bit apathetic and absent minded at times.The restaurants are always clean and well-kept, and they even have a limited draught beer selection.
4	One of my preferred pizza places.
4	There is a Barro's by my bf's place and we will sometimes order delivery from here when we are wanting pizza. I don't have much to say, but I love their spicy southwestern chicken pizza and their boneless hot wings. I only wish their Mesa location delivered to my area :(
4	Wings are bomb. pizza is great definetly in top 5
5	Excellent wait staff and great food. We come here all the time for the pizza, wings, salad, beer and wine. Great food at a great price.
4	So funny thing, I used to hate pizza. People said it was an anomaly...its not possible for someone to not like pizza. Every time I ate pizza I found myself thinking of Anchorman... "Milk was a bad choice".. and yes pizza always felt like a bad choice. Then when I realized I was sensitive to gluten it all made sense.Barro's is one of the first gluten free pizza I've had and I'm finally starting to see what everyone's raving about with pizza in general. Their gluten free pizza is really good and I haven't been gluten free for long so I still remember what regular pizza tastes like and this isn't far off, plus I don't feel terrible afterward. The Gluten free pizza isn't very big (10") and it costs extra but that is just the gluten free world. My boyfriend usually gets a regular pizza, sometimes he gets wings too and loves it. Nothing every goes to waste, we eat it all!They also deliver in a certain mile radius which makes it convenient for us to have delicious gluten free cheesy pizza noms delivered to our door. We've never been in the actual establishment to eat but we've heard from friends its a great place to go have a beer, some pizza and wings and chill. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good gluten free pizza or just good pizza in general
2	So I ordered 24 honey bbq wings from this place. I was told by Heidi that the wait was going to be 45 minutes to an hour for delivery, which was fine so I ordered. After I got off the phone my husband says to me "That wait time is way too long for a Tuesday afternoon, I'm starving lets just get Dominos', their wait time is 20-30 minutes." So I agree with my husband and I called Barro's promptly to cancel my order. Heidi answers and says ok we will cancel the order for the wings. My order was placed at 3:56pm. I cancelled my order at 4:02pm. At 4:09 a delivery guy knocks at my door with 24 wings. I paid for the wings  because they came super fast and it saved me from having to leave the house so it was a win win. Here's my beef with Barro's: my wings came without honey bbq sauce. The plus side is that I was offered new wings free of charge. I feel like the cooks rushed my order, and when I tried to cancel they tried to force these half ass wings on me. To send me wings without any sauce whatsoever is just ridiculous. Especially when my receipt reads "24 Boneless Honey BBQ." Mistakes happen, but this was no mistake. Barro's started making the wings and didn't want to waste them. But if the wings only took 13 minutes to cook and deliver why was I told it would be a 45 minute wait? The good news is that now you guys know that you can order from this place then cancel and they will speed up your delivery time... Get it together Barro's!
5	I really like Barro's, but let me tell you my boyfriend LOVES IT. Whenever we go to AZ Barro's pizza is what's for breakfast, lunch and dinner. But it's a good thing because the pizza here is great! I have not tried anything else on their menu besides the pizza and side salads but the food always tastes fresh and yummy. The staff here are always on point. They are very attentive but also competent. The food comes out very quickly and in my experience the food is always fresh and warm, straight from the oven. Check out this location especially during lunch because they have a lunch special that is cheap.
5	(This is the correct location for this barro's, I'm not sure why there aren't more reviews? )Excellent pizza. So good. Good service. I guess the review about the crust not having flavor could be true, but i don't find it to taste bland, really. And the toppings are plentiful, not like some other places. Plenty of cheese, too, no skimpy at all! I've ordered from the Barro's on power, and now this location. Same quality pizza, great crust, nice and thick and chewy. Cheese, delicious. Today i ordered an Italian sub, toasted with the dressing on the side so it wouldn't be soggy by the time it got here. To be honest I've had better Italian subs, but to be fair this one was pretty damn good. I'd order it again for sure. I think I'm just spoiled by Luke's Italian subs (in Tucson) and also spoiled by Eegee's Italian dressing and subs (also Tucson). Service is usually great, never had any problems. We order from them pretty often, they're consistent in quality of food and service. And I've never waited the full length of delivery time quoted to me. I love Barro's. (more than a person should love a pizza place.....)
5	This is the best pizza I have had in the valley yet, plenty of cheese sauce and toppings. I will be returning.
4	This pizza is much tastier than I was expecting. My husband was craving a slice of pizza but we were at my Dad's house and didn't know of any New York pizza places in the area. He ordered a small pepperoni pizza, which was only $7. It was definitely not thin crust, but it tasted pretty good. I would definitely order from here again when I'm in the mood for pizza. The only negatives were the touch of heartburn I got after eating it, and my husband's stomach got a little upset but was fine after a run to the bathroom :(
5	One of the best pizza places in town.
5	Great service, great quality FRESH dough and ingredients.  My family always loves coming here to this great neighborhood pizzeria.  Everyone always seems to have a smile at this place.  All that, wrapped into what I consider to be the best quality for the price of any pizza joint around, keep it up guys!
5	We keep going back here - and it gets better every time - if that's possible!  Excellent pizza! Crust is perfect every time, toppings generous, fresh, and "real", always ready exactly when they say it will be.  Thanks, Barro's!!!
5	I ordered, 24 medium wings and one personal meat lovers pizza.  Delivery was spot on and arrived in 39 minutes, despite they always say 45 minutes to an hour. (Yes, I time these things)  The delivery boy was professional and super sweet friendly.  The food?  TO DIE FOR.....Wings were juicy, perfectly spiced, the pizza?  Crisp, buttery crust, fresh toppings and everything was piping hot.  Do it people......these folks deliver what they say.  Very happy tonight after many bad experiences with other places. Totally changed me!
5	for a local chain this place is great! So happy they have gluten free pizza now!
5	BEST*BEST*BEST pizza I have ever had in my life!!!!!!  The crust is so good, you could just eat crust and be happy!  Amazing actually.   I was blown away!! OHHHHHH MG, they are sooooooo nice here!!!!!!!! Excellent service and VERY reasonable!!
5	I been coming here since I was a kid and I love it!I could never get sick of this pizza.Something magical about the sauce they use, and the crust is very original.I now live in California and I rarely get a chance to enjoy Barros.  I have yet to find a pizza place in California that compares.Barros come to Southern California please!!!!
4	Great pizza, fast delivery and the staff is always friendly. I've been coming to this location for years and it's still one of my favorites. They also have decent beer on draft if you eat there the San tan devils ale is a person favorite of mine and glad the had it on draft. Goes great with pizza and hot wings.
5	Barros Pizza is excellent.  This is the first time at this location.  It's very clean,  friendly staff,  and consistently awesome thin crust pizza.  Service was great as they continued to check on our table. Will be back to this location again.
4	Grabbed a quick lunch here with my son.  Sell pizza by the slice so there was no real wait time.  They have slice combos which are pretty cheap.  We also ordered a dozen wings.  This was plenty for both of us.  The wings were good and big.
5	Always fast and friendly service, great deals on pizza and wings, and the best pepperoni mushroom pizza!!!!!
5	love this place! we eat the pizza from here at least once a week. my husband has been eating here for years and its a family favorite. great service too!
5	I love Barron's pizza!  Great crust and hearty pizza.  They also have great wings.  I've been going to this locations since I was just a little kid.  Its always clean and the atmosphere is perfect for those wanting to watch sports while eating dinner.
5	Great pizza and wings. The whole family loves this place. Be prepared to wait if calling for delivery, much much faster to call your order in and pick it up.
5	The Pizza was great and the the pick up service was polite.  I look forward to going back there many times in the future.
5	Love the pizza and wings! Honey hot and the teriyaki wings are my favorite. Friendly service every time you go in, and good delivery service! One of the best pizza spots in the area! They usually have specials too, so I always ask before I order.
5	Love the pizza and wings! Honey hot and the teriyaki wings are my favorite. Friendly service every time you go in, and good delivery service! One of the best pizza spots in the area! They usually have specials too, so I always ask before I order.
2	Pizza is ok pasta ok wings ok salads ok Service sucked one of them was mean to my sis when she worked there but she doesn't anymore. Enjoy if your going
5	I was impressed with the quality and the helpfulness Anna F. gave. We ordered the Barro's special no mushrooms- I'm allergic- she made sure the chef knew NO Mushroom's and told us the if we want the crust a little more crunchy order extra done.  The staff was friendly and pleasant and the food when we got it home was exactly as ordered.
3	OK...I totally love Barros pizza and other menu items but this location is ridiculous. Forget about enjoying a nice cheat/pizza meal cause you'll feel like your at a Mormon circus with the 900 kids swarming everywhere! I just order it to go now but recognize its a gathering beacon for these folks. Have nothing against Mormons at all but its just a bit overwhelming being in this Barrows location because is loud, noisey and packed full of kids.
4	The food is very tasty. The restaurant is clean. The beer is priced very well and includes local brews.The radio station IS THE BEST!!!!Its good for groups in a semi private room with a scary clown ride!
4	I have been a patron of Barro's for many years, and I can probably accredit that to their slogan, "a family tradition".  Their friendly and speedy service of their piping hot pizzas and wings, all made using fresh and high quality ingredients is likely to have you coming back time and time again.  The ambiance is exactly what you would expect from a family pizza joint, great smells, sports to watch, and a place to park your seat just in time for you to enjoy a cold brewski and some hot wings!  In my experience it is hard to find a place that does both pizza and wings well, and Barro's has you covered!  If you are looking to get both while you are here, ask the cashier if they have any combo specials to save you an extra buck or two!
4	Barros is my favorite pizza place, second only to Ray's. Their generous portion are more than enough to fill you up, and the wings are absolutely incredible. 10/10 would eat again!
5	You can never go wrong with Barro's. Their pizza is ALWAYS delicious and their wings are to die for!
5	Barro's is always awesome. When I call in an order its usually ready faster than they say it will be, and their meatball pizza is delicious.
5	My favorite pizza!! Been eating Barros pizza for over 20 years. It's so delicious!! I always order mine with a little extra pizza sauce and a side of Ranch dressing. When delivered, it is still hot and fresh. I love this place. The lunch specials are cheap and the fountain soda is a perfect mix of carbonation and syrup. I've traveled a bit and I LOVE pizza. Every time I get pizza somewhere else, it is inevitably compared to Barros.....i.e. almost as good as, not even close to, reminds me of, nothing like, a distant second to etc etc.   (DISCLAIMER: I worked there for a few months when I was in high school, so I may have a small bias toward it. But when I introduced my husband to it several years ago, it instantly became his favorite as well). Good old pepperoni is my favorite and my kids' favorite. My husband likes Meat Lovers and my folks get the Veggie Special. We are NEVER disappointed!!
