4	Wow, the other locations in Phoenix received awful reviews. The one with the lady who parks in the handicapped spot is inexcusable! I wouldn't go there either. However, for this location (EAs are independently owned)....I live in Denver and ordered a fruit basket with chocolate dipped fruit for my mom & dad who live in Phx. The order went to the Indian School address. They couldn't be more pleased. The presentation was great, and the fruit was fresh and delicious. I've ordered locally in Denver and also in Daytona Beach, FL, (all online ordering) and have had great experiences.
5	Thank you so much for being so helpful getting the birthday edible arrangement to my friend on her bday. Even though she was at work when they attempted to deliver the driver left her a voice mail and I received a call from the store and a very nice employee there named Shaunie offered to drop it off on her way home if the driver wasn't there when my friend got home. I felt compelled to acknowledge how awesome this store is and how helpful Shaunie was.  They really care and they went out of their way to make sure my friend got her delivery.  Thank you so much!!! My friend loved her arrangement!!! :)
1	Unbelievable!!! We order my mom, which is dying of cancer some "edible arrangements" for Valentines day, hoping it would bring a smile to her face! All day long we tracked the order and it said "in transit" the day came and went and my moms arrangement never showed up!!! Almost $60 bucks down the drain! We told my mom something was coming the day before, so she was excited, only nothing ever came!! And on top of it all, NOT EVEN A PHONE CALL letting us know that they were not going to be able to fulfill the order, at least if they had let us know we could have gotten her some flowers or something to replace it. THANKS "EDIBLE ARRANGEMENTS", thanks a lot for let my mom down!!!!!!!!  I'm not even mad about it, In fact I'm very sadden by it......
1	Place a $100 order in person with Candice @ 9:30am in the morning. She told me the driver comes in @ noon and will be delivering the orders then. I call @ 1pm and she tells me it's in the processes of being delivered and it will arrive by 3pm. (Curious how my order of fruit and chocolate will do in a vehicle for over 2 hrs) I call @ 3pm and I am told by Candice the order is in the store and she will deliver it. I tell her just cancel delivery charge and I will just pick it up. ( I live about 2 miles from the store) Once I arrive I ask how long it has been here when she tells me it has just been finished. I didn't appreciate getting the run around. I have been ordering from that location for years and never had an experience like this. I will be ordering and just picking up the order from another location in the future.
5	This place went out of their way to accommodate an order, and they even worked overtime to make sure it got delivered to the right place. They have excellent customer service and truly care.
