4	My mom and I have been going every other day since they opened almost 2 weeks ago.  We are addicted!!  Love the workout, love the trainers!  Perfect workout for all ages and abilities.  Bust butt and get sore, but it's not a bad sore that lasts long.  I've never liked going to a gym, staring at the machines, wondering what to do and how long??  This is not like that....it's all over within 60 minutes and they tell you what to do.  It's like having a personal trainer.  The only reason it got 4 stars instead of 5 is because they don't have the exact time that works best for me, and they don't offer kid care.
5	I LOVE the classes at this gym! The 60 minute workouts are not easy but you feel amazing when you leave! The after burn is soooo worth it! The trainers are very motivating and have lots of different workouts to offer. It's nice that you can sign up for the classes through an app! Little on the pricey side but results are priceless!!!
5	Great trainers + Fun playlist = awesome workout. Listen to your trainer, complete your workout and switch to the next one ( rower/ tread/ weight room ).  An hour goes by so fast. You know it's a good workout when you end up with spaghetti legs and arms.
5	Amazing gym and trainers. People are so friendly. My favorite trainers are Kyle and Kristy. Everyone is good, but they get my calories burned the highest every time. They handle issues extremely professionally, and in my opinion, if you don't have the will power to have an intense work out for 55 minutes (most of us don't), then OrangeTheory is for you. Reasonably priced, great atmosphere. With the exception of a few "tooly" people who wear sunglasses inside and like to sing out loud to the music/ talking the entire time of the workout (what place doesn't), it is a great place.
5	Absolutely love everyone and everything about this location. I will be sad to go when the new lake pleasant opens soon.
3	Positives: 1). Okay, tracking my heart rate and knowing how many calories I burned was pretty cool! I burned 831 calories in an hour! 2). The music was fantastic. Evidently the OTF trainers can make their own playlists. Having great music made a huge impact on my motivation. 3). The workout was based on HIIT (high intensity interval training) which means that it is a challenging conditioning workout. 4). After I was finished I received an emailed report of my workout and stats and heart rate. I can use this to track my own performance over time (talk about an awesome member engagement strategy - that alone would keep me coming back)! 5). OTF has really flexible payment and sign-up options. Everywhere from an "unlimited" option to 10, 20, and 30 visit packages that can be used anytime within a year. 6). OTF has special events. For instance, they were advertising a "dry tri" when I was there today. Negatives: 1). Daily workouts are mandated from corporate headquarters. Sometimes it felt like my trainer was more of a babysitter who watched the clock and told me when to "increase intensity" than a creative fitness professional capable of developing and administering their own workout. 2). The way the workout was structured there certainly wasn't much variety in the number of exercises (running, rowing, and more running... with a smattering of weights in between)  - but the great music made up for that a little. 3). The "ab" portion at the end of the workout was lackluster. I definitely felt that the OTF workout was cardio heavy. There wasn't much in terms of building core strength - however, knowing how many calories I burned made up for a poor ab portion and little strength training. 4). Orange Theory Fitness felt a little like crossfit-lite at times. 5). Most of the people in my class were female, which is great, but I would have felt more challenged and competitive if there were a few more men.
2	Yelp suggests that 2 stars means "Meh. I've experienced better." And I think that is the appropriate rating for an experience that starts off promising it will help you achieve your fitness goals but ends with the familiar and sickening feeling that you're just a cash cow.If you are like me or one of the many graduate students in this area looking for a positive, professional and results-driven workout for a year or less, keep looking. You're better off using your money for some lessons from a personal trainer, some music for your mp3 player, and varying up your routine as much as possible.While I love the intensity of OT workouts and the great music, I have gotten more motivation and knowledge out of DVDs from Target.OT is just like a 24-Hour or LA Fitness chain, which make money from sign-ups, NOT from service or results. The main difference at OT is the sleek interior design, a claim to be more effective, and over $100 per month - the premium for so-called training.When I signed up here, they acted like they really wanted to see me succeed, but sadly they never did anything to help me monitor or achieve the goals they asked me to set. That makes me think it was just a show to get me to sign-up. They had us download an app which supposedly offers many cool functionalities, none of which work (except for the ability to book a session, which by the way can be impossible to do during evening and weekend hours. They don't care if you get in; in fact, it benefits them when less people sign up.) Any questions I asked, I usually got a shrug in response. OT's claim to fame is "heart-rate tracking", but they don't store any information after you walk out the door, nor do they help you interpret it. It may well be a gimmick, and I'm sure they are making a lot of money on that high elastic strap surcharge. My heart rate monitor was constantly out of whack so I didn't even really benefit from having it. At OT, "trainers" don't teach proper stretching. The class is so fast-paced they barely have time to show you correct form before racing to the next exercise. You have to beg for attention and help if you want to learn - when you look around and see everyone doing it differently, it makes you wonder if anyone is doing it properly.Today the manager, who is never there because he also runs another franchise location, referred to one of the associates as "my front desk girl," I realized what kind of establishment I was dealing with and gave up my request not to be charged for the 60 days after my official cancellation. OT is not a franchise that trusts its own managers to run a business. Instead, it values short-term profits from sign-ups over long-term relationships. It was an expensive lesson to avoid Orange Theory, and I hope this review can save a few people having to pay the same price. If you decide to give it a try, I hope you are extremely self-motivated and already very knowledgeable about how to achieve your fitness goals. I hope you also have the foresight or legal expertise to actually cancel 60 days before you want to stop going, even if they claim its 30 days notice.
