4	Very quick... but also very thorough! He takes the time to explain procedures to you. And yes, even though I may not get the same spa experience as I wold from Dental Spa... Dr Vinh gets me in and out ASAP! And sometimes... I really need to get out ASAP
5	Joined just to shout to rooftops I LOVE THIS PLACE! So amazing I have to spread the new about this place because in vegas this is rare.I scheduled a visit for later this week but my tooth is throbbing, they were able to get me in today at their other office so I won't be in pain all week. Right from the start the receptionist greeted me with a smile. I watched as they knew all the patients names and never had them sign in or anything. I was amazed the way they chatted with everyone about their families and made an effort to put you at ease.The Dr is sooo nice and really takes the time to make you feel comfortable and answer all your questions. I shared my concerns and fears, he explained the whole procedure from top to bottom. During my root canal he explained what he was doing as he did it. Other dental experiences have made me very anxious but this place made my experience amazing. All of the assistants were very friendly and funny. One of the girls even held my hand has I got a shot. I was comfortable enough to get my treatment done the same day and even though they were busy they still took care of me. I value good customer service especially when it comes to doctors, a lot of times I feel like just a dollar sign. This place sets the bar high, customer service is through the roof, doctor takes time and cares (doesnt just pop his head in and disappear), the whole staff is kind and you can tell they actually like what they do, I even heard the male assistant singing. The office itself is really nice - flat screen monitors, leather chairs, and everything looks like new... most importantly its very clean. I plan on telling all my friends, all my coworkers, everyone on yelp, and where ever else I can post. GREAT DENTAL OFFICE- FULL OF GREAT PEOPLE! Thank you for taking such great care of me.
5	Love love love this place! I do not have one negative thing to say about Dr. Lee and his staff. They are friendly, efficient, and really seem to love their job. It is so nice to walk into an office and feel like everyone is happy to be there. They take time to explain all your options and make sure you determine what is right for you all while being quick and efficient. I was hesitant to post how great this office is for fear they might get too busy. However, I have had countless bad experiences at dentist and doctors as I'm sure many people have had. I am so happy I found this Dentist it wouldn't be fair not to share.
