4	Playing tourist, I was walking through The Venetian and was struck by the "David & Goliath, Stupid Factory" signage.  The mannequins displaying their clothes had me intrigued and I found myself amused and entertained as I walked through this store.  I realized there were a lot of sayings that I could relate to and wouldn't mind sporting on a shirt or two.  However, women's fitted shirts average about $24/each, while men's shirts average about $18/each.  They also sell sleepwear, children's clothing, accessories like handbags and beanies.The best part is the sale section in the back.  You're bound to find something nifty back there at half the price.  They were also throwing in an additional 10% off as well.  What a great plus!  You'll find me there combing through their clearance stuff!
5	i thought it was a mirage in the middle of the desert.no, not the casino.i freaking LOVE david and goliath.i had a hard time curbing my purchasing.  i mean, the inventor of the "boys are dumb, throw rocks at them" tee shirt?  so i decided to get the following amazing things:"i found jesus.  he was behind the couch."and "rock is dead.  long live paper and scissors."unlike margarita v, i must say - you should worry.  i'm not deeper in real life.and i freaking love david and goliath.
4	How can you NOT love a store that is filled with clothes that have sayings such as "I only cry when ugly people hold me" or "When life gives you lemons, squirt people in the eyes"..??This place is a playland for the fun, the kitschy, and the yeah...just a little mean.They have tshirts, shorts, baby onesies, pajamas..also keychains, compact mirrors, lip gloss. Whenever we come to Vegas, I have to come home with a D&G shirt, it's so hard to just choose one...I could easily get a little outta control. "Oops, I almost cared" or "I can tell your bag is fake" are ones I have eyeballed on numerous visits, but still passed up. This time I got one for my better half too. Control Freak with an old-school gaming remote control on it.D&G is the new black.
4	This store is full of funny saying on clothes of what you want to really tell folks how you feel ;))  "rock is dead.  long live paper and scissors."I just loved this store and got my husband a t-shirt and myself one as well.  For some reason I can't remember what they say right now!  They also have stuff on keychains, pj's, baby clothes, etc.  I paid like $18.00 per t-shirt and they had ton's of sizes and colors.You must stop by and check it out!
4	What a fun store with great t-shirts, pjs, accessories for men, women and children! I love my Spooning Leads to Forking keychain! haha
5	im just doing this for someone right now........its young so it might act a little kiddish that someone: "i LOVE this place! its one of my favorite stores in the WORLD!=Dthey have glow-in- the-dark clothing!:Dhahhahahahha!theres like all theses cute stuff!!!!  i dont know anybody who doesnt like this place!"
4	Walking by this store & was immediately sucked in by the Tagline: Stupid Factory - Where Boys Are Made Chuckle-worthy shirts, jammy shorts & bottoms for every age & I definitely overindulged in the absurdity but it's Vegas, so I felt it was the right thing to do With Shirts like "I Would Exercise But My Drink Might Spill"; "I Found Jesus - He Was Behind The Couch"; and "Boys Are Stupid, Throw Rocks At Them" Pun Shirts Galore as well - ice cream scoops w/ the motto "I've Got The Scoop"; A ruler & a rock telling each other "You Rule" / "You Rock"; and "Rock Is Dead - Long Live Paper & Scissors" The list goes on.... .....it's what every immature adult needs to take us back to our grammar school days David & Goliath, you're a fantastic find!!
4	I freaking love this place! I finally had a chance to actually go to the store. Everything here is cute and irresistible. The clothing is probably a bit too plain and colorful for me but definitely check out the accessories!
2	Have to say that the "picture of my ass","He's gay", or "Thank you bp for killing us"  shirts are real eye catchers.  Why anyone would want to clothing like that on their children is beyond me, but having those in the front of the store did get me to come in and look around, so I'll give 'em that.
4	I freaking love David & Goliath! They have the most clever and witty quotes on their tees and tanks ever!I couldn't help, but to make a stop here as I was shopping around the Grand Canal Shoppes in the Venetian Hotel. The bright and vibrant colors in the store would draw anyone in. They had a bunch of tees, tanks, and pajama sets for both women and men. They also had a bunch of accessories; such as bags, wallets, stickers, magnets, and even lip jelly.I bought myself a pair of cute pajama pants with cupcakes imprinted all over them and I got my sister a tank that said 'I heart music,' which had a cartoon heart wearing headsets. It was super cute! As a matter of fact, everything in the store was super cute!
4	Hilarious t-shirts!  My friends and I ended up browsing this store for about an hour and we all walked out with a purchase. I ended up buying one for myself and one as a souvenir for one of my bffs.
5	Very cool and edgy store!  Some racy stuff, but kids love it as well.
3	This store has some pretty funny sayings on shirts and other items like key chains and bumper stickers. If you don't have any gift ideas, you should definitely come here for some humorous items.
4	Fun, cute place to get pj's and tshirts! Had a wonderful laugh.
