2	I went to the Phoenix Film Festival on Thursday evening to see the "Hi My Name is Ryan" film.  First off the "Hi My Name is Ryan" film was amazing, which is why this review is two stars instead of just one, at least they had the sense to put a good film into the festival.The film started an hour late, and we stood in line for that hour waiting to be let into the theater.  It already had a 10pm showing.  Because the film did not start until 11 some of the people i attended the film with had to leave early.  Once the film started their were still technical difficulties and they kept starting the film over.  They played the advertisements before the film twice because of technical difficulties.  Since the film was an hour late i really feel it would have been more practical to just skip the ads.  At one point the film stopped and the screen was that of a laptop.  After the film was over the guy that runs the film festival claims that they were using "new technology." Since when is a laptop plugged into a projector new technology?I know that technically by zip code the film festival is in Phoenix but it is 30 minutes from downtown Phoenix, and really more in North Scottsdale.  I really think the "Phoenix Film Festival" should be in Phoenix.
4	I have seen five (5) films at the Phoenix Film Festival, and all were EXCELLENT!  Luckier still, the movies were free because I was a volunteer.  For an event that is literally entirely volunteer except for the Executive Director, it is organized quite well.Day One of my experience was not good, and I thought, "This is lame; I am not doing this again."  But by Day Three, I was really enjoying myself, able to see some good films and meet some good fellow volunteers.The highlight of my experience was meeting the filmmaking crew of Brothers Ink Productions, and being invited to a Private Screening of their short film, "The Author," as part of the Locker 13 series.  http://www.locker13.com/.  This filmmaking team was TOO COOL!And once you begin to understand the process, you no longer expect perfection because all these films are at different "lifecycles" in the process.Oh, and I should also mention celebrity "sightings" of Virginia Madsen (Sideways) and Yeardley Smith (Simpsons' Lisa Simpson).The only reason that this event does not have five (5) stars is because the feedback that I have heard from some of the Festival-goers is that this event is losing quality, and therefore, losing interest for some Festival-goers.
5	I'm a local Phoenix filmmaker, and this is the iconic event of the year for me.  A chance to watch quality independent filmmaking from across the world, to inspire me with stories and ideas in my own career.  The films are unique, inspiring, and tell stories that can be unusual, creative and exciting.  I've been attending since 2006, and always clear my schedule to attend the entire weekend from first thing in the morning until the party dies down late in the night.Every year they either put up a "party pavilion" or rent a nearby building to host an array of events and activities that are great.  Just to walk around and talk with the other filmmakers and friends is fun and exciting.  There's always the chance that you could be bumping elbows with a celebrity who is there to support their film.  This gives me a huge opportunity for networking, which I look forward to.Is the festival perfect? No.  But every year they try to improve and make it better than the previous.   Heck, it's run almost completely by volunteers so there's bound to be a bump here and there.  Knowing this, any minor bumps are completely forgivable.  The overall experience is unique and inspiring.Finally, I'd be negligent if I didn't mention the following so that my perspective on this review is taken into account.  I was awarded "Arizona Filmmaker of the Year" at the 2009 Phoenix Film Festival.  In 2011 I  agreed to take over IFP Phoenix (sister organization to the Phoenix Film Festival) as the Executive Director, which is a volunteer position.  The above review reflects my personal experiences and opinion before either of these events took place.
5	Best film festival in the whole southwest!  All of the movies are played in one theater which makes a big difference as you can go from screen to screen to get your movie watching groove on!  It seems like the put a lot of heart and soul into this event and it gets better every year!
5	This is my second year being a member of the Phoenix Film Society and my second year attending the Phoenix Fim Festival.  I go with a flex pass so each year I see 4 films.This year, I almost didn't attend because I had a ski accident and was told by the doctor to stay home and rest with my leg elevated before my surgery.Well, I got bored and decided to do double headers on the last 2 nights before the festival ended.I was able to call ahead and reserve my tkts ahead of time which was a big time saver.  On my way to the theater, a volunteer saw me walking with crutches and walked with me, held the door open for me and even sat with me through the movie to make sure I would be okay.In betwn the movie, a volunteer got a chair for me to sit on so I didn't have to walk far while they cleaned the theater in btwn the movies.The second night was the same.  The volunteers were so nice.  One even adjusted my crutches for me because they were not fitted correctly.  In addition, I sat next to a couple who really empathized with my situation~ the husband had just got done with surgery and rehab.  They told me they would bring me his wheelchair and walker for me to use during recovery and sure enough, the hubby brought it by the other day!Here I am glowing about the volunteers at the festival and haven't talked about the festival itself.. . . this festival is a year long planning event completely run by volunteers . . . for this to happen, the festival itself has to have a lot of heart,  And any event that has a lot of heart, has to be good.  I love movies, I love the Phoenix Film Society, and I love the Phoenix Film Festival.  I ask that anyone who has attended the festival and had a bad experience to become a volunteer or a member and once you get to know the directors (volunteers) and what it takes to pull a festival of this scale together, then you can better appreciate the existence of this wonderful festival.
4	I have attended this festival the past 3 years. The film selection is always GREAT.I just wish it were not done in far far far away NORTH Scottsdale :(. I was happy with the 2010 location.
5	Great, as usual. Am glad the pricing has remained affordable.For those who do not know, this is a non-profit organization, even though it is sponsored/hosted by Harkins theaters.Every year I try to see some shorts, as well as 1 feature film.
