4	Definitely an excellent sports bar. There are TVs everywhere you turn, and is an especially raucous place to watch a big game. They do have live music intermittently on weekends, but it is much more a sports bar than live music venue.My band performed there in May, during the NBA Finals. We were slated to go on at 10, after the first game but before the second game came on, which meant they would turn down the sound on the TVs. I thought we were going to get bum-rushed when some people learned what was going on. It turned out okay in the end, but it was an interesting evening to say the least.Food-wise, the pizza and wings are delicious! I had excessive quantities of both, as well as draft beer.Apart from the sports crowd, it seems this place does quite a bit of late-night business, as a lot of people make it one of their last stops of the evening before heading home to sleep it off.Overall, a good scene, and definitely worth a stop just for the pizza and wingies.
5	Hands down, the best sportsbar in CLT. They really know how to take care of their loyal patrons. If there is a particular game of interest on TV somewhere in the world, they will put it on for you, no questions asked. And, if you are a Charlotte 49ers fan, this is the place to be. So, to the guys @ the door, the waitresses, and the bartenders ... You guys make it happen and we appreciate it.
4	I have this place on my Top 3 list for wings. They are the perfect standard wing if your looking for consistency they win all the time. I haven't been in a while but I'm sure when I do they will be spot on as usual. Always a great bartender at this place as well.
5	Without a doubt, hands down the best wings in Charlotte. Reasonable beer prices, great staff.
4	Home of the Charlotte 49ers and they have beer.  That is all you need.
5	Like Steve said: "Home of the Charlotte 49ers and they have beer.  That is all you need." Also, some of the best wings in the city, and the carnivore pizza is amazing, especially if you don't care about calories :)
4	If your a Charlotte 49'er fan, this is the place to be.They have lot's of Charlotte memorabilia.The staff is friendly, professional and knowledgable.We went for a Saturday afternoon lunch.The sweet tea is VERY sweet, asked for half a glass of ice water.I had the Southwest Chicken Salad, others had the Manhattan Pizza.My salad was fresh and flavorful. The personal pizza was excellent as well.They also have NTN trivia if you like playing on-line.This place probably rocks during hoops season and should be a destination once the 49'ers start their football season.They have a hugh projection screen TV and all the requisite HD Plasamas
3	Stopped in to catch some Monday Night Football action here after a nice dinner.  Cowboys versus the Giants... man the crowd was insane.  Since the place was busy our waitress was running around like crazy... but didn't seem like she was doing anything.  It took forever for her to get the bill after my buddy and I each had a beer.  Luckily we both had cash on us so we just left it on the table.Service aside, we didn't eat any food so I may come back here to try that out - maybe not on a football night.  There are plenty of screens and TVs all around the Bar and dining area so everyone had a decent view of the screens - I could see it as a fun place to go and watch games.  I think my friends and I just wanted to check in on the score, but didn't think the bar was going to be so charged up.  There were some die-hard Giants and Cowboys fans in there.  We left during the half since it felt like a fight was going to break out at any second.  I'm pretty sure nothing happened, but it was a lot of people yelling at each other - maybe we got there late that we didn't realize all those people were friends and were just making fun of each other...
4	Picasso's is cool, my girlfriend used to live in the area so we frequently visit Charlotte. Picasso's is a great place with lots of TV's, seating and games. The drinks are inexpensive and the food looked good. My only complaint is that they didn't have the UFC fight on there. Had to walk to Buffalo Wild Wings
5	This is a perfectly awesome sports bar.You can go there for any big game for any sport, and they will have it on one of their many screens WITH SOUND!!  They even have a roll-down projection screen towards the rear of the bar that shows the big games as well.I recently went to Picassos one week night, and ordered a beer and an order of a dozen Cajun Garlic wings w/ranch.  This is a tasty sauce I've had many times so I knew what I was given.  The wings were brought to me pipping hot and the ranch was thick and cold.  There's nothing I despise more than a warm, runny ranch.  The wings were cooked with the perfect amount of crispiness but were not overcooked by any means.  My only complaint with the wings is that they are not charred.  I'm sorry to say, but if you're not throwing your wings over an open-flame and charring them at this point then you're simply behind the times.  Plenty of establishments such as Fanz, Hickory Tavern and Mac's throw their wings over a grill before serving them.If your looking for a chill and relaxing WEEKDAY evening to watch your favorite team, Picassos is the perfect place.  On football Sundays, Picasso's University is nothing short of perfectly organized mayhem.  Fans often arrived at 11am-11:30am even though their game doesn't kick-off until 1pm!  Furthermore, you are very likely to see a skirmish or a squabble as Sunday day turns into Sunday evening and patrons start to get that liquor courage. Before I close, I want to make an important distinction in my rating.  I give Picasso's Sports Cafe as a whole  5-stars.  The staff is always friendly, prompt and efficient.  However, I am not giving their Cajun Garlic Wings 5-stars!  Though their wings are good, there are not "5-star" worthy.  On a scale of 1-10, I'd give them a 7.At its soul, this is a classic, American sports-bar.  Good food, done right.
5	Great food, great service, great atmosphere. I had their buffalo shrimp and it was amazing. They claim to have the meatiest wings, I will be checking that out next time.Love this place,I will be going back soon.
5	A true sports bar with plenty of character; I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Great place to watch a game, and banging wings!  What else could you want.
5	I'm a huge fan of this place.  It's an actual sports bar, in a part of town choking to death on crappy franchise restaurants.  Expect efficient, friendly staff, seriously good pizza and wings, and good drink specials.  It's a busy bar, so if you're looking for a sub-2 minute greet on a Friday night, go to Chili's.  The service at Picasso's is good, but it's not A) a family restaurant, B) a frozen drink/flair/appletini bar, or C) a 'College' bar.  It's a sports bar, so tip well, enjoy the food, and get ready for the bartenders to know your name and your drink the next time you come in.
4	Stopped in Sunday after the recommendation of a friend.  It was blazing hot outside and the A/C in my house wasn't keeping up with it, so I needed a cold beer, cool air, and sports.  This is the place.  I would call this a true sports bar.  Great atmosphere, very friendly and attentive bar tenders, and pleanty of TV's with a wide variety of sports shown.  Just what I was looking for.  Oh yeah, the A/C worked perfectly too. I had a pizza while watching two baseball games and the golf tournament. The pizza was pretty good, not great, but I ate it all so it was good enough.  Great crust.  The menu seemed to have some other things that looked good. I heard somebody down the bar mention the Calzone was good so next time.  Another guy had some good looking wings too.Just as I was leaving, a major thunder storm blew up so I turned around and had another beer.  Great place to hang out and have a few brews and a bite while watching a game.   I'll be back very soon.
5	THE BEST WINGS IN THE QC!!! My friends ad I joke about how perfect they are...but seriously. How do they get them so perfect? EVERYTIME! Perfect amount of sauce, fried crispy, with that ranch! OMG! This is a great lunch spot, or place to watch the games if you'e into sports. Bartenders remember you and take great care of you. Love it! Dammit! I want some wings now! LOL
4	I have visited this bar several times and must say I'm a big fan of this bar.  It is your average sports bar, with average drink prices.  Their bar food is out of this world.  Don't believe me?  Try the pizza rolls, buffalo chicken rolls, or wings.  Or all three.  Seriously.Stopped there in the daytime once however to pick up some of the aforementioned deliciousness, and was put off by their carpet in the morning.  If you've had a bit to much too drink, don't stare at the carpeting while making your way to the loo.  You might fall over.  Been here to watch some Phillies games before and even though the bartender was a Yankees fan, it was still a nice experience.  I will definitely go back to this place in the future.
4	Had the calzone Saturday. REALLY good. As usual, great service, friendly people, plenty of sports. A great spot.
3	Ok, I admit, I am not a sports bar person.  Heck, I am not so much of a sports person.  But I am a huge fan of wings, and thus I sought out a place that had pretty decent ones.  This led me to try Picasso's to see what it's all about.  And I have got to say, they have some pretty good ones.Thus far, I have tried three different kinds.  The Caribbean Creepers were like eating a jerk chicken wing, but they were just a little too different for me.  The medium garlic were pretty good, but the best I have had, by far, are the Cajun Garlic.  They are the perfect level of spiciness, not too spicy but plenty of flavor.  I have tried some of their other things here too.  Their bacon cheese fries were kind of 'meh' when I had them; they were pretty skimpy on the cheese and bacon.  Their pizza was pretty decent.  We had the Masterpiece, had a lot of good toppings.  Still, I am not a huge fan of New York-style pizza (I originate from the Midwest, and am quite partial toward Chicago-style or deep dish), but it was pretty standard for pizza.Service has been ok here.  I have never had bad service, so that is definitely a plus.  They do have a decent amount of seating too, and it's not overly crowded in there.I plan to try a few more things on their menu, and that definitely includes other styles of their wings.  Their wings are good, but I must continue on my quest for amazing wings here in Charlotte.Overall, I would give Picasso's about 3.5 stars.
4	This is a great spot for local UNCC students or a nice place to go and hang out with friends or your significant other.  It is a great place to watch whatever game you want because they have tons of TVs as well as the largest projection TV I have seen thus far in Charlotte.  I have only tried the wings and the pizza and they are definitely on point.  The pizza is oven baked, so it has a unique taste that only Picasso's can provide.  I would give it five stars if the service was a little more consistent.  Sometimes you will sit down at a table and it takes forever for someone to come over, while at other times the service is stellar.  If you are looking for awesome pizza or wings in the University area, this is your spot.
4	Going to Picasso's was a real experience. When we walked in...we just walked in. No hostes what so ever. Everyone's been to a sports bar before, this was a little strange to me. None the less we found seats close to the big screen. It seems like there's thousands of tv's in this place! I think there were only two servers working that day. But they had it all under control. It's kind of a do as you please atmosphere. Everyone had on a jersey representing their team, it was live! I ordered the two foods their known for. Pizza. Wings. I had a medium cheese pie and the cajun garlic wing basket (or whatever it's called). The pizza, not really all that great. It was just a step up, maybe two, from frozen pizza. ( Our waitress noted that the dough is made in house dailey). Just didn't hit the spot for me. The wings on the other hand...marvelous! I don't know if I'd say the best in Charlotte, but they were pretty good! Sadly when I got to the bottom of my wing baskey ( because I ate all of them), my very last wing had a rather large feather still attached. This rendered it inedible in my book. Overall great spot. I'll be going back for sure.
1	Went to check out a game with some friends and was horrified at our service.One of our party received a cold pizza roll and brought it to our server's attention. How tacky can one be in deciding to stick one's finger in a patron's food and declare the patron wrong?Unbelievable. And then the manager decided to get in on the action. He made a special trip to our table to declare the server was correct in her statement and her action because she was requested to stick her finger in the food in question.Really?If this is any indication of how customers are treated at Picasso's, rest assured that members of my party took note and WILL spread the word.My first and last visit. Thank you for a great football Sunday.
3	Came here on a random Wednesday night, after spending way to much money at Ikea. I had a strange hankering for wings, and yelped this place...I walked in, and was greeted kindly and seated quickly. Long story short, I got a dozen wings and fries. The wings I got (Honey chipotle) were above average, but not fantastic. The fries were also above average as well...Long story short, a little bit overpriced, and average flavors. At least the service was good!
5	Great Wings and Great Screens!!
4	Great place to watch a game or just grab a good bite to eat. The prices are reasonable and the amount of food you get for the price is pretty good. I would suggest the wings and the cheese fries...the fries were rather awesome.
2	It's really a place to watch sports have drinks. That's it didn't like the food there. It's probably cause its just meant for sports and drinks. Since I'm not a fan of either its definitely the wrong place for me. But for those who like drinks and sports this would be your spot!
3	Service isn't the greatest. If you don't drink beer, drink specials can be somewhat lacking as well. Food is usually pretty good. Nachos are awesome. Wings are great. The pizza is always good too. The lunch buffet isn't a bad deal. Lots of TVs and a nice outdoor area.
4	This is my umpteenth time coming here.  I have never had a bad experience. Food is only decent that's why it is not 5 stars. Bartenders are friendly. Drink prices could be better but they have specials occasionally.  I keep coming back so it can't be that bad. Btdubbs. This is my virgin yelp.
5	This place is really great !!!! Best sports bar I've been to yet  ! Great Food & great people !! It's a good family place but it's also good to go out to if you need a drink ;) !! best wings ever ! Loads of fun! Great service!
3	I have definitely missed the Picasso's on East so I was delighted to stop into this location.  Tucked into a strip mall on East WT Harris it is very easy to find with lots of parking.There was a pretty good beer selection - two IPAs on tap (the bartender admitted he would like more).  This would be a great place to watch the game.  There were TVs everywhere.  Service was fast and friendly.I was thrilled they had the pepperoni rolls on the menu and had even expanded the rolls menu!  The pepperoni rolls here are amazing.  Will definitely be back!  :-D
5	I'm new to the area and was lucky enough to have this bar across the street from my long stay at the Marriott. Now that I have moved I still come back because the service is outstanding and the pizza is wonderful. If you are looking for a sports bar, this is the one to go to. You won't be disappointed,
4	The food was delicious and the people were very friendly.
5	Great bartenders, good food, and great atmosphere. The pepperoni rolls are a must try! Good place to watch a game, lots of tv's and they'll always have your game on!
3	The wings are great but the customer service is horrible.  We order carryout now as a result of the feeling of being  unwelcome to this establishment.  The hours are great and it's close to home so we order when it's late and nothing else is open.  Charlotte is a great city and very diverse, however, the vibe of this particular bar does not match the reputation that the city is trying to build.  Not sure if this will be posted but I'd like to believe it will as it is the truth.
3	Had the wings. I was underwhelmed. Service was friendly. Trivia nights on Tuesdays - music / microphone too loud.
5	Awesome brick oven pizza, fair draft beer prices, HDTVs everywhere, darts, shuffleboard, great atmosphere, friendly staff
5	Karen T. is obviously a self absorbed negative nancy.  Tell me what a sports bar should look like.  The decor is fine and whoever the server was probably reflected the bad attitude that was presented to them.  The food is great here.  The wings and pizza are far superior to those in most sports bars.For the record, I don't work here but I am a fan of the joint..
4	I have been eating and playing poker at Picasso's for over a year now . . . and at the Uptown location for longer than that.I should say that I'm not a sports fan . . . I come here to play poker and spend time with my poker buddies a couple of nights a week. BUT, for those who are sports fans and like to eat/drink while watching a game,  you should be very happy with this place.Picasso's is very popular with the college-aged sports fan crowd -- particularly since it's located just up the road from UNC-Charlotte.The food is standard sports-bar fare. Wings, pizzas, sandwiches, wraps, fries and other appetizers. These are of fairly average quality -- though I have heard some of my friends comment that they particularly like the fajitas. There are no desserts.There is a good selection of beer & mixed drinks -- nothing fancy, but adequate and fairly priced for your average sports fan.The staff is very friendly and professional and are able to accomodate large crowds with ease -- given a little advanced notice. As I mentioned, my poker league plays here twice a week (on Mondays and Wednesdays, 2 games each day at 7pm and 9:30pm FREE) and we usually have crowd of 20-30. Often, other college groups (clubs, fraternities, sports teams, etc.) share the same space.  It's a spacious establishments with lots of TVs and even a huge (I'd say 10 ft or bigger) projection TV for the big games.In addition to the games on the TVs and twice-weekly free poker, there is also an electronic darts board and a "shuffleboard" game. The covered outdoor seating area is convenient if you happen to be a smoker or have smokers in your party. SO . . . being a foodie, I'd give Picasso's 3 stars. Since this place is a SPORTS BAR, however, and judging it on its' own merits, I'll give Picasso's 4 stars!
4	Food was great.  Hot fresh loved it!  Great beer selection.  Older white bar tender with glasses has a very crass vocabulary.  Will go back when he is not there. Other bartender was awesome.
4	Great bar, good drinks, good service, good music, & for a sports bar- great decorations. Not to be bias, but I saw plenty of Yankees signs which is always a plus in my book, especially in NC. I came on a Thursday night & I figured it would be more packed, but school has yet to begin so I'm hoping that's the reason why. Anyway, great great potential for this bar. I look forward to returning when school begins.
4	They've got plenty of screens and channels to get whatever event you wanna watch. Food is solid pub grub and they're quick about it. Friendly staff, whether you're new or a regular. Everything you want in a sports bar. Need to add more local beers is my only suggestion.
1	I went to Picasso yesterday as a single lady just to get a drink & some food. The service is terrible! This is my second time going. Every time I go the lady behind the bar looks like her dog just died. It took forever for them to come to me. I didn't get one smile from either bartender. The roll I had was good. But I can find good food elsewhere I prefer good service!
4	Great food, great service. The atmosphere is genuine, not a corporate sports bar. The bartenders are entertaining and good at what they do.  Have tried multiple things on the menu and have been more than satisfied. I love supporting local businesses
5	This place has the best chicken wings in town. Hands down. Also the homemade potato chips are a must for when you come to watch whatever game you want. One of the waitresses, Brianna I think is her name, always greets with a cheshire smile and a cold budweiser!
