2	When I think of last night a few words come to mind.......bubbles, bathtub and Cream? And no, I am not talking about my night after I left the bar.First lets start with the name of this place...Cream? Just telling my friends to come to Cream grossed me out. It gave me not so good shivers through out my body. I have no clue why its named that. Maybe because the decor is mostly white? I thought the white bar movement was already passe'. The bartenders red bustiers were very unoriginal as well. Second....the bathtub. When I first saw it I thought.....umm maybe cool? Maybe it's like Tao in Vegas? No..not the case! There was only 1 bathtub in the corner with only 1 girl in it. She wore a white bikini and basically stood in the tub and danced. Lame. For some reason the tub kept running but not filling up with water. What a waste of water! There weren't even any bubbles even though when we walked in it looked like she poured some in. The only reason we stayed there (for like maybe 1/2 hour) was because I kept hoping she would do something with the water, like actually get wet and have some fun with bubbles...but no.... it was quiet ridiculous...a  great laugh! I do have to give some credit,  this place did just open a few weeks ago; hence the 2 stars for now.  But for a new place in Scottsdale, it was dead around 11 pm.  Maybe it will become the next place to be but for now I think the bathtub will just drain AZ dry.
3	I went last night to see Dave Dresden play. I really think they needed a Gay mans touch when they were designing. The sound system was OK at best. Drink prices weren't too bad lke you would expect from a new "trendy" scottsdale club/bar. Unless you were in the not so VIP VIP section there is hardly anywhere to put your drink. I did like the Bathroom except for the puke in the urinal......ewwwOne positive thing was all of the lights were LED's so you could say this play was going " green". All in all I will go back again depending on who is playing thier but wouldn't otherwise go to have a good time.
2	Like most Scottsdale clubs this place looks really good inside and like most  Scottsdale clubs it lacks any soul. The place definitely gets points for creating something that looks like it's out of Wong Kar-Wai's 2046, but I am seriously disturbed by that rank bathtub they have there. How badly do you have starve and drug up some poor girl after locking her in a basement to make her slosh around in a tub filled with cream? I don't like skanks in my milk, just cereal. It's really too bad because I think the look of this place is great, it's just the people that go there (ie. date rapists snorting blow and giving each other high-fives). If the crowd was different, I'd totally be here but I'm too lazy to start dusting off those diesel jeans and tight shirts with slightly angled prints of family crests. I also can't seem to remember where i left my wallet chain.
4	I had my doubts about Cream Stereo Lounge beacause I didn't like the name of the place and I heard that they played a lot of house and techno music. I've been sick of all the Scottsdale staples like Myst, Axis, SIX, PCL, etc.... so I thought I would give Cream a try and I ended up liking the place a lot. Everyone there was very friendly and the DJ played a lot of good songs to dance to. If you're sick of going to the same bars in Old Town give Cream a try.
2	Way too crowded for it's small size. Have to wait 20 minutes for a drink while you are being suffocated by so many bodies. The only escape is the small outdoor area where you are again crammed in. The place looks nice but I'm not about waiting that long for drinks while sweaty bodies press up against me.
2	I was in Scottsdale for the first time and was excited to try out the restaurant/bar/club scene. After a good dinner at Lupe something or other, and a great after dinner drink at Bungalow, we went to Cream to see what is was all about. Let me start by saying you may want to write my review off as I am already not a fan of Vegas style clubs in very "non-Vegas" style cities, so already the shot for five stars was blown. We get there and it is way too crowded. Drinks were decently priced but I wasn't blown away by the "friendly" bar staff. As I turn around to face my friends, I feel a heavy, drunk arm around my shoulder and hear "so, do you go to ASU?" from a drunk man that was seriously invading my personal space. This is all fine as it is a club and I am just beginning while others may need to be switching to water....so I won't let that spoil my evening, but rather add to the humor. The music was really good, if you could get over the fact that right at the second stanza of every song began, the DJ mixed in something else and so I never got to hear a full song. As my buzz was allowing me to not care about the lame people and crowded room to the point of wanting to dance, a massive wave of vomit smell filled the room and I had to escape immediately. As I sit on the curb and wait with a few friends who also wanted to leave for my other friends who wanted another drink, the people watching got really entertaining. Drunk girls screaming obnoxiously at anyone who glances in their direction and a drunk man sitting on the curb telling all these women that they are whores really sewed up the night. As I tried to stay invisible so I could enjoy myself, the "whore" yeller stumbles over and says, "did you go to college?" yes, "then doesn't it bother you that the people in that club are incredibly stupid". No, I came to get a drink, not judge the IQ of the guy next to me. And I won't be coming back.The reason this palce gets 2 stars is because the people who frequent this establishment made for an amazing night of people watching!
2	Finally checked out Cream accidentally. A friend of a friend was having a b-day party there. This place is tiny!!! I was told what the overall concept was but not sure they could ever pull it off due to its diminutive size. I don't ever feel the need to darken this place's doorstep ever again. I can watch girls dance in empty bath tubs at my house. Lol.
2	When the club first opened it smelled like leather and the door man was really nice. The music was really good. I dont think we really have any solid house/techno clubs out here with really good DJs. I for one am tired of "Resident DJ's" so anywhere that offers something that keeps people in good spirits is good with me.The reason for the 2 stars:Second time visiting, not so good.  Had 6 girls and 2 guys. As we walked up AFTER paying for valet, here is where the "crap" began.  The door guy says ID's ...OK off to a rolling start....ID's everyone then proceeds to tell us that there is a cover.I am like "Dude, we are 6 girls we are not paying a cover" so he says, sorry ladies its $20.00 per person. So I being the only one to stand my ground said, "look, we are going to come in, we are all going to buy a drink thats $60.00 right there you are going to lose if we walk away." So he tells me, sorry he cannot do anything its $20.00 because Brittney Spears is in the club.  So I then told him, "Oh awesome, then you will be paying all of us $20.00 to go in!" Brittney  Spears, what a crock I laughed..... And we walked away...bye bye minimum $60 for your "little" club could have made off of us.  A wise man once said...."Think about it"We will not return.PS We all weigh under 130 lbs...so this wasnt a normal you have to look like a celery eating boob stick and you girls do not so you have to pay a cover night in Scottsdale......
1	Much like Victoria, my first visit to Cream wasn't all bad. It was on a Wednesday night, when GIANT (a well-known promotions group that brings out international dj talent) brought out Uberzone. When we first presented our id's to security, and they radio'ed in "code four" I should have taken that as a bad omen, but I just joked with the guy and said, "what's that mean? Are we special? No cover for us tonight?" (He didn't find it that amusing, and I still have no idea wtf a "code four" is...but I do know that these jerk-offs in cheap suits needed to get over themselves and realize that "bouncer" at a Scottsdale nightclub is only a notch above the guy who cleans the spunk off private booths at the strip club.)Right off the bat, I noticed a few things that were clearly not well-thought out when the club was designed.1.) Who's the genius who decided to put those obnoxious "drink holders" in the middle of the dancefloor space? It's like a steel bar, just wide enough to accomodate a pair of cocktails, otherwise it serves no purpose aside from preventing people from dancing and enjoying themselves.2.) The "VIP" booth right in front of the dj. Hey idiots, I didn't come to your club and pay your overpriced cover to watch a bunch of douchebags and self-important losers mingle. I came to see and hear the DJ that you probably paid thousands of dollars to bring out and headline the evening, and now I can't see jack because you thought it would be a good way to drum up some more bottle service revenue? HUGE design flaw.3.) Speaking of your bottle service, is the sparkler in the ice bucket really necessary? I guess if you're going to pay a couple hundred dollars for a $12 bottle of alcohol, Cream would like to announce to the entire club that you lack any common sense or money management skills? Hmmm...Regardless, I got decent service from the bartenders and was able to salvage a decent night out of it. If that had been my only experience there, I probably would have gone with three stars to be generous, however...I went back about a month later. This time around GIANT had brought out dj Icey, again I went on a Wednesday night and immediately upon walking up I watched the meathead bouncer turn away two guys and a girl because the dudes had hats on. When we got to him, he told me no hats, no exceptions. We stepped out of line and I made a few phone calls to try and resolve the issue, but without much luck. Then I watched as he let some skanky blonde in wearing a beat up mesh trucker hat, at which point I approached him again and said not only did you just let HER in with a hat, but I was up here on a Wednesday night less than one month ago and I had absolutely NO problems wearing one. With an obnoxiously smug look on his face, this knuckle dragging primate tells me he's not letting me in, and then out of nowhere this dude who overheard the conversation (and happened to be one of the promoters) stepped in and told the bouncer "hey, it's a Wednesday night", and their shouldn't be any issues over a hat, dress code was suppossed to be "relaxed". Ah, looks like you don't hold all the power now, huh rope monkey? This jackass who didn't even know the dress code policy for the club must have turned away at least 10 other dudes while we held our ground, not to mention, I spent over $100 at your stupid club, I can only imagine how much revenue was lost by all the people he turned away. The doorman/security is the first contact you have at just about any venue, why most clubs in Arizona don't get the importance of the initial impression they give to the customer is beyond me. Other problems include the bathrooms (the automatic sensor in the sinks is awful and yet another poorly thought-out design flaw), the overhyped sound system that they don't run anywhere near full capacity, and the fact that the crowd becomes more degenerate each time I've gone (I'm a glutton for punishment, I've actually wasted three nights there).The only way I'll ever waste my time and money on this dump is if they bring in talent that I just can't pass up...but it would have to be pretty f'in spectacular to get me out after my previous experiences here.
2	THANK YOU to all my fellow yelpers... i had looked this place up before hand.... and knew it was a dud... but failed to notice that this place played TECHNO!!!!!!!! and that's it!! and not even decent techno this night.... they had a special DJ in from Germany... and well i was bored... there was a group of like 14 of us... just standing there... we were gonna leave so they bought us a bottle... oh grey goose vodka... well i didn't care either way... i was DD the atmosphere was pretty cool... the lighting was fun.... NO seating almost... which was lame... if I'm dancing around in 4.5 inch heels all night... I'm gonna wanna sit down at some point.... the best part of the night is that my friend i hadn't seen in forever was the bouncer!! It was good to see him and Chat... i would go again... only because now i know i can get on the list.. lol and i here Saturdays are best.... they play the top 40..but still techno... if you like that sorta thing... then this is your place
1	This is my least favorite bar that I have been to in Old Town for one main reason.  THE MUSIC IS TOO LOUD!!  WHAT IS THAT??  THE MUSIC IS TOOOOO LOOUUUDDDD!!  I CAN'T HEAR YOU?? WHATTTT??  HUHHH??  (Hand gesture to the door) and you leave.The biggest joke I was told was that this is the "#1 Lounge in Scottsdale".  There is no way that is the case.I can't stand this spot.  The bartenders are good, but they can't even hear your order.  I have yet to have a good time here, and don't think much about coming back to this spot...even if it is busy.
1	I go to this place on a Saturday night. Pretty empty until 1 am, music too loud to be having a conversation with anyone. Buy a lady a shot and leave my tab open. Also, buy a few beers and around 2 am when I close my tab am shocked to see my card overcharged. Usually I just tip and sign my check but luckily that night I wasn't too drunk. The bartender had overcharged me by 30 bucks. I had to argue with the bartender in the super loud music and finally got him to remove the extra charges from my card. My guess was he was putting his friends drinks on my tab. Shady business practice. Never going back there again!
4	With Giant and other entertainment planning groups, Cream has been able to build a loyal and growing base of club patrons. For one, Cream is able to host some of the biggest DJs in the world of electronic music which says something in such a small city of Scottsdale, AZ. The atmosphere is great and the sound system is one of the best in AZ. If they ever turned up those speakers to their max potential, you would be deaf. The staff is usually very friendly and accommodating compared to other Scottsdale bars/clubs. For those who want snobbish scottsdale elitists seeking the same Top 40 billboard crap, THIS IS NOT YOUR PLACE! Ask any REAL DJ and they will tell you that Cream is all about the MUSIC (getting and attracting the best talent in the world). I would recommend Cream if you are seeking something new or like clubs that play electronic (house, trance, techno) music that is so popular in almost every part of the world except mainstream America.
3	It doesn't rank highly on the clubs that I must go to in Old Town nevertheless if I had to choose between martini ranch, pcl or cream, i'd choose cream. Why? Well the music appeals to me. yea it's the non-vocal techno variety and but it's dance music. Honestly, I've been to clubs in the UK like in Manchester and in London and the top clubs are techno clubs moreso than the top 40 tracks. I do like the top 40 electro mashups sometimes, and vocal house is awesome too, heck it's nice to sing along to something but it's alright. It's not a big space though and that's its downfall. So when it gets crowded, it gets crowded, and that's not fun. I usually end up going outside to the patio for air... and that's what sucks, where's the music. The moment you step out the music is non existent except for the thumpa thumpa reverbating from the doors and walls. so not fun. It's not really 3 stars, it's more like 2.5. Drinks are pretty good tho, the bartenders know how to make em. The all white theme makes sense altho they really could do away with the smoke machines, ick! Maybe more lasers and disco balls! oooh la la. Btw why do we have different expectations when it comes to Vegas and here in terms of seating? I'm sure you're wearing 4in heels in Vegas you wouldn't complain coz unless you're not VIP you're not really sitting. SO why expect a club here in PHX to have somewhere to sit? I don't wear heels but from my girls words, it's just part of looking fine, it comes with being a girl. Oh and one more thing... why would I go to a club to dance and be able to conversate... it's a club, the music should be loud... ok... I'm gonna stop being negative. Oh... and don't get me going with my gripes with Vegas clubs that's another story. Anyways, overall this is a good spot to get your dance on if you're feeling the dance music. And it's awesome that they're able to get certain djs to fly into town. Like Cedric Gervais. This isn't a kick ass club but it also isn't bad either... it's ok. And still has room to improve!
2	Went to Cream and felt like I was in a mental hospital? Why does everything have to be white, even white padded walls?!?! I hate that it is one of the only places in Scottsdale (besides PCL) that you need to buy bottle service/vip just to sit down! It is really small as well, we stayed here a total of about twenty minutes before we headed to myst. Probly won't be coming here again.
2	I am surprised to read reviews commenting about Cream's sound system. I am from San Francisco and Cream has better sound than all of the venues here. Also, they pay assloads of money to pull headliners into a town where no one really cares--people who play for crowds of 100,000 or more around the globe. This is why I left AZ. No sense of music, sound systems, nightlife, etc. The owner of Cream is on the right track and all of you are 10 years behind.
5	THE MUSIC IS LOUD!! Which is freaking awesome. The only time I have ever been here was for the Armin Van Buuren concert. And when you go to see one of the best DJs in the world playing Trance music, you want the music loud!It was small, dark, and with 300+ people inside the place was packed so you could barely move. Appropriate for the concert and type of music playing. I can't comment on the place for an average night, but given the right event, you could have an awesome time here.It's worth checking out and seeing if its your type of place in the Scottsdale Nightlife circuit.
4	Cream is a great party spot on Wednesday nights.  They bring in the worlds best DJ's and have a great sound system.  Last night I went to see #10 DJ Sander Van Doorn.  WOW the show rocked there was a great crowd and Sander dropped some nasty beats.  It got pretty packed which was expected and overall was just a great night.  I usually only go on Wednesdays as I am an electronic music fan and that's the main night for it.  Fridays are switching up to be off and on electronic.
2	I'm torn with Cream. I've been to the usual clubs and lounges in Scottsdale enough to be sick of them, and Cream was something new. I like that Cream is emulating Vegas-style nightclubs, but it's obviously trying too hard.The decor:First of all, this place is PAINFULLY tiny. I've only been here once, and while it was half full, so it wasn't completely unbearable. But I can't imagine what it must be like when they have guest DJs and other performers in. A tiny place that's packed isn't popular. It's just... small.The walls are covered in white (leather?), the tiles are white, everything is white - I get it, white like Cream? I appreciate the commitment to the color but the theme is waaay off. The hard surfaces make the place look cold and very hospital like - I would have liked to see more smooth lines and softness in the design, more flowy like cream.The atmosphere:The dig the loud music and the techno. I get so sick of hearing the same stupid songs on the radio. I love the change in scene. Phoenix/Scottsdale is so stale in terms of music. This is a nice change. But it's too loud when you can't even put an order in for your drink. I literally had to pull myself onto the bar (I'm tiny, 5'3") so I could give my order directly into the bartender's ear.They also had a really cool entertainment act - a girl hung from a hoop suspended from the ceiling wearing a white bikini. She was clearly talented in her hoop manipulating and was mesmerizing to watch, but like I said, this place is TINY, and there were several instances in which she was inches away from kicking people in the face. And THAT would have been worth the ridiculous cover I didn't pay (I try to find any way not to.)The drinks: Overpriced and terrible. Maybe the bartender THOUGHT she heard me say I wanted a glass of vodka piss, because that's what it tasted like.I doubt there will be any improvements made that will make me like Cream better, but here's hoping.
1	I had to remove my thoughts on Cream.  If you are interested in why I am disgusted with this place and will never go back you can email me.
1	This is the WORST dwelling I have ever set foot in!A complete bunch of idiots serving behind the bar. We ordered the same drinks five separate times and each and every single time the price was different.  So, I ask the one chick bartender, who thought she was on a fashion show runway, what's the price again?  I tell her that everytime we've ordered it's been a different price, she shrugs her shoulders and fluffs up her hair, looks at me, shrugs her shoulders with even MORE emphasis and throws her arms up in the air....and fluffs her hair again!Then there was the other guy that held onto my debit card for about 15minutes.  He had NOOOOOO idea what he was doing.  He couldn't even give me a chilled shot of vodka, he had to ask the other guy to do it....The first round of drinks seemed pretty normal for Scottsdale, but they just got more and more expensive.  They must have looked around the place at how empty and slow it was....?  Or, maybe they work off of commission on drink sales...?And, above all else, the atmosphere totally blew.  Myself and four others did not have fun.  We all left after being there a very short time!
2	Cover: $10 (actually free for women)Drinks: $30Lounge that suddenly turns into a strip club: priceless.We stumbled in here and here are some of the first things I noticed about this place:- In an area of bars and lounges a-plenty, I was surprised this places charged cover, especially since a lot of others do not.- It's tiny, yet not cramped- The crowd is definitely... ghetto.- The decor is definitely... old.- The go-go dancer really can work the pole.. oh wait, what?? Of all my years of clubbing, I have never seen a pole dancing go go dancer! Wait, she's suspending herself on top of the pole? Wha.. She's accepting dolla dolla bills in her panties? She's taking off her shirt... Am I in a strip club?!?!?!
1	0 fucking stars 3 people 4700 tab and we were sat outside to view the street fuck this place
3	Ok ok, yes I went back...  Glad I did because this time was a lot better!  We went on a Wednesday to see a specific DJ.  And, Wednesday's are obviously the superior night of the week.  I won't venture here on a weekend for the usual blah top 40 sh*te.  The drinks still are pricey, but we were smarter and enjoyed some time elsewhere prior...The music is very VERY loud.  Your heart rattles inside of you.  I would probably invest in some ear plugs if you intend on going here on a Wednesday...
3	I'll give it a 3 because they have the best sounding system compared to other clubs here in the valley plus they brought some sick dj's in during Wednesdays before but the place it self is ok.
1	I liked this club till they charged me for a bottle that I DID NOT order. The owner is always too intoxicated to know what is going on.
3	I went last Fri 8th, when Johnny Antezana and dj 40ford were in charge of the night. Music was good if you are a TRUE TRANCE lover...I had a great time dancing. Place is small and for the first hour I was glad most of the posers left enough space to dance.Even it is small for a club, I'm ok with the decoration. Beer selection is AWFUL, but guess it is cos regular party goers drink what ever. Other than that...I miss old good days when electronic music was underground and valued....not here! bunch of douchebags and helpless drunk ladies.
1	I will never, ever, ever go back here again. My purse was stolen. Shows you what type of people frequent there. No thanks.
2	Him: Snowbear too fun?Her: Lighter and peanuts.Him: Youth habanero root pine?Her: Ya. Wobbly sue?Him: Ya.I'm pretty sure I overheard this conversation last night at Cream. And by overheard, I mean I couldn't really hear it at all, even though it happened 6 inches from my head. This brings up three questions:1) Why was a conversation six inches from my head?2) How am I not sure what I heard?3) What does it mean?In order, here are my responses:1) This place is small. At this point, there's not much they can do about it so you just have to know that when more than a few dozen people get in to the place, it's gonna be tight and you're going to press the flesh. Not my favorite feeling, but if you're into it then welcome home.2) This place is loud. Painfully loud. Screechy, thumpy, no-longer-enjoyable loud. Tiny space with speakers for a large hall. Don't even think about trying to have a conversation, ask someone their name, or report a fire. And just pray the bartender gets your order right.3) I've ran the convo through my mind a few times and this is what I've got:Him: So where you from?Her: Right here in Phoenix.Him: You having a good time?Her: Ya. What about you?Him: Ya.So very not my scene, but if you spend more time tanning and at the gym every week then you've ever spent reading a newspaper in your life, you'll be right at home at Cream. Bring your pal Ed Hardy but don't expect much conversation.You: Mime a whoosh tag!
2	I believe that Cream Stereo Lounge claims to have the loudest sound system in the Valley. That might be the only credit I give them because after living outside of this bar for a year, I can attest that their stereo system is loud...and when I say loud, I mean it in a delirious-I-didn't-sleep-night-after-night-because-of-their-sound-system sort of way. But this review will not be solely based on my sleep deprived nights. I swore I would never enter Cream Stereo Lounge mostly because I knew it wouldn't be my scene and mostly because of my lack of sleep thanks to this Old Town spot. However, after years of avoiding Cream, I've been dragged their now twice and can say that it was everything I expected. I did the clubs. I can still do the clubs if the night calls for it. However, Cream Stereo Lounge is not quite the club for me. It's tiny, it's loud, it's normally not very crowded and the crowd that frequents this bar isn't for me. The drinks are pricey, the music is mixed and there isn't a ton going on there. They charge a cover which is rarely the case for a bar in Scottsdale and I don't think it would be worth it for a guy or girl to pay a cover to go to this bar.
2	I hate to say this but I'm not a fan of this place.  The music is awesome and I have listed to some greats acts that have stopped by.  The times I have been to this club have been short and few.  Each time I have stopped for a visit I'm wanting to go some where else.  Its a small club and if its crowed you are limited to where you can dance.  The decor is ok and it might be time for a make over.
2	The Jersey Shore called... they want their guidos/guidettes back.Kidding, but in all honesty, being surrounded by Affliction, Ed Hardy, and getting someone else's tan (obviously the spray kind) rubbed off on you only means one thing... the 30K's that frequent here really wish they were on that MTV show.I suppose I cannot blame Cream for the crowd that chooses to frequent here. The "lounge" itself is a very TINY space.... you can barely move around and forget about avoiding a creeper in there... no where to run except for maybe the ladies room. The music, decent yet LOUD! Turn it down a couple decibels as I couldn't even make out what my friend standing right in front of my face was screaming at me. Lastly, isn't a lounge supposed to have seating to in fact be classified as a lounge?! Because although Cream is about as big as a dorm room, having one couch in the "VIP" area really does not count.On to tha next...
1	Save your money for something else ...This SHORE is too small, the drinks overpriced, they will try to force a $250 bottle of vodka onto your table even if you say no to it ... scam!!!music is ok
2	Kinda dull
4	My friend got questioned on his ID.. no biggie.. walk in and we got 2 free shots for him. Also my brother knows the DJ and he gave us a shot. Awesome.. we were gonna get on the poll and dance but it moves... lol the base of the poll rolls around... oh shit thats scary when we drink.. lol
1	I can't believe this place closed! I was so excited to write a review and use my new favorite word, "douschebaggery" when explaining the scene. Oh, this place was so seedy. Tons of guidos and I swear they LOVED to wear all white.If I could, I would have given this place zero stars. I guess I'm happy they closed down because it was a long time coming. This place was so over the top. The process of getting in was always annoying. You'd HAVE to valet your car and then upon entry there would be way too many people bombarding you in the entry way. The location's a bit off the main strip of clubs in Scottsdale and I always found it weird to be on Drinkwater when I'd go out to the patio section. Anyway, I'm just crossing my fingers now that who ever buys the property gut the inside and make into some trendy hipster bar/lounge!!
