4	Ordered the brisket, wife pulled pork.The brisket was very good and the sauce was even better. the curley fries were better then the regular.The potato salad was probably one of the worse ive had. didnt have any flavor and i couldnt eat it. I ordered a Chicago dog and the toppings were top notch but the hot dog itself was bad, dont know if it had been sitting around all day or what.
4	Any place that has the words Cornhole Corner written on the patio wall has my vote!  This place is awesome. I love BBQ so that helps. Nice little patio, awesome brisket!!! Good Menu!! Laid back...Great for a starting place to drink and maybe walk across to Monestary.
3	Found in a shopping center plaza...I had the chili which was very well seasoned, and had a good spice to it. My dad had the bbq salad which he enjoyed. Check out the restroom, it's pretty cool.Overall, on another trip out that way, I would go back and sample some other plates.
3	Just went for the first time and I was really impressed for the most part. The wait staff was very pleasant and very helpful. Fiance and I shared the 3 meat combo. We chose rib tips, brisket, and chicken. It also came with 2 sides and I believe the cost for that was around $12.99. We chose 2 orders of fries for our sides and were disappointed with those. They were dark brown like they were sitting in the oil too long and they were also tastless. Next time we will get mashed potatoes instead. The chicken and brisket were delicious but I personally didn't like the rib tips because they tasted like rubber. All in all we will be back again sometime to give it another shot.
2	Saw the truck thought I'd give it a try!  Three pulled pork sandwiches, beans, & mac salad for $25+ ...  Pork was fair, bread had the texture of 'yesterdays' - mac salad (better at Basha's Deli - The beans were very tasty, swimming in a very smoky tasting yet very thin sauce..  The BBQ meals at the restaurants much better !!..  The young man was very friendly and courteous..  Sorry, but if I see the truck again, I'll pass by ..
4	I am an admitted Chicago snob. Lots of places like to say they make Chicago hot dogs (Sonic? Please.) or authentic Italian beef, but many of them don't live up to their boasts. Well I'm glad to say Tom's BBQ was good enough for me to return.We had a variety of foods, which for the most part were great.  The mac n cheese balls were not fabulous (they were cold in the middle) but came with a great gravy, full of spicy tomato flavor.  We had ribs, pulled pork, and buffalo wings from the BBQ side of the menu, and Italian Beef and hot dog from the Chicago side. My only quibble was that they used a stacker pickle instead of a kosher spear on the hot dog.  Other than that, everything was tasty and filling.It's casual and fun, the service was friendly and relaxed, and the beer was CHEAP. I'd definitely come back here on my next trip to AZ. (Oh yes, this was a trip here to visit family... I chose to visit here in July just in time for the 4th hottest day in AZ history. I am insane.)
4	Sarah's my sister and we ate there together the other day .I specifically asked for my beef to be extra extra juicy, with giardiniera...and it came out exactly as requested....enough so that I had to use a knife and fork to eat most of it.  The fries were really yummy too, and the service was fast and friendly.  Definitely not training table food, but an authentic and delicious taste of the homeland right here in Mesa, AZ.We also loved the classic Chicago memorabilia on the walls and were tempted to try on the foam Bear hat on the cooler, but refrained...perhaps on our next visit???
1	Stopped in on a hot Sunday afternoon for a cold beer and a late lunch. Ordered the rib tip appetizers with hot BBQ sauce.  About all I can say is the beer was cold and their air conditioning works well. Rib tips weren't tips and were way too fatty and tough. Hot sauce was neither hot nor saucy. At least the fries were fresh and didn't taste of yesterday's oil.  Staff is friendly and courteous. Restaurant and restrooms are clean. Stop in for some cold AC and have a drink.  Don't stop in for the food.
2	Toms seems to have been dropping in quality over the past few years.  I keep wanting to go back in the hope that it will be as good as it used to be but it just isn't.  This visit will probably be my last.  The bun on the pork sandwich was stale beyond belief.  I had a Maxwell Street Polish.  The grilled onions were still crunchy and the sausage was so dried out it almost had the texture of jerky.  The fried pickles were nothing to write home about.  The only decent thing we had were the curly fries.  Sorry Toms but you continue to disappoint.
5	Every time we visit Arizona we always go to Tom's. There Italian Beef is fantastic with peppers and grilled onions, makes my mouth water just thinking about it. We also had there Vienna hotdogs there great as well.
1	Level of service has dropped considerablely sinceTom's have gone to order at the counter. Our order was incomplete and the food quality has gone down.The red beans in the red beans and rice were non existent. The meat was tough.Felt the owner was rude to other customers who complained about at the table next to us.We won't be back
5	Good BBQ pork sandwich. Fries are huge. I will go back again.
4	I love this place, they should open a location on the West side of Phoenix then I could enjoy their food on a more consistent basis! I Love It!
1	Just plain old nasty food!  Gave it 3 chances since Oct 2012 and April 12, 2013 and they failed miserably each time! I'm just done at this point!
3	On occasion by family likes to eat here. I usually get take out. The BBQ is pretty good. They portions are decent and the service is friendly enough. Do not order the pecan pie. It is very bad. Both times I tried it, the crust has been sitting in the syrup for days, so it is soggy and has formed into part of the gelatinous blob of pecan goo on top.The manager tried to make up for it by giving me a free piece the next time I came in, as he thought it was just a badly make pie. Even the second piece was bad. He told me if the second piece was also bad, he would be happy to treat me to a free dinner and he would stop ordering pecan pie from that vendor. It was and he did.My husband likes the brisket and I like the ribs. BBQ is one of those things I haven't mastered making at home, so I'm happy to go out and pay for it. These guys are pretty good, so I keep going. It's close to my house and they are always friendly and quick.
2	My wife had the pulled pork and I had the brisket sandwich.  They barely put any BBQ sauce on the sandwiches, and they don't have bottles of sauce ready available, you have to go get little tubs from the sauce dispenser.  Only problem is, that even then the sandwiches weren't that tasty.
5	I wish I could give it ten stars! Finally a place that makes kick-ass brisket! I've been looking for years now and I am happy to know where I can get great BBQ. Famous Dave's is pretty good and Rudy's bbq just plain sucks. Thanks Toms BBQ for doing it right!!
4	As a former Illinoian, this is a pretty good place to watch a Bear's game and enjoy some classic Chicago sandwiches. The Italian sandwich is super spicy and delicious and the au jus sauce was authentic. The baked beans were sweet, but soupy. Fries were freshly cut and Chicago style greasy goodness. My personal fav is the Beef Brisket sandwich with spicy BBQ sauce. It's perfectly cooked and the juices just soak into the bun.The service was friendly and there are plenty of TVs to catch all the action. We'll definitely be back for more!
5	I am amazed how many times we've passed this little gem on McKillips and never stopped until this week.Food was wonderful....brisquet was moist, juicy and plenty of it,  ribs were fall-off-the-bone tender.  Then after we were done we were presented with a piece of their succulent fish to try...yummy!Huge portions and great sides.  Better food than a well known BBQ joint in Chandler we usually go to, but this was much closer to home and better food.Good price for what you got.Can't wait to return!  Oh, and hand cut fries to die for if you like fries!!
4	Great place for b-b-que! The pulled pork dinner is tasty and very large portion. We both had left overs to take home. I'm not big on long reviews, if the food is good that is plenty information!!
4	This is a updated review I posted back on 8/1/2013We hear all the time that Tom's BBQ is a great place. My wife now and I decided to give this place a second try with the hope of maybe service, food, management, has changed.Service, food, and the atmosphere of the restaurant was great. Last time my wife and I went, the restaurant was dead and service was terrible. There was a huge difference on our second visit. Don't know what happen and don't care what happened but we had a great experience.The wife and I ordered pulled pork sandwiches. Ordered a basket of curly fries wasn't greasy like the last time. Very tasty and filling. Definitely recommend it. Pecan Pie is tasty as well.Presentation of our dishes were awesome. Our server was great. Pricing on the food is fair and portion of food served is awesome.Definitely will recommend this place to get some good grub with the hope that no one will ever have the experience I had when my wife and I went.
4	I love stopping here for lunch on my home from red mnt mcc campus. Their pulled pork sandwiches are delicious, as are the sides. Fun atmosphere and always quick. I didn't realize theu deliver until I looked at their yelp page, now it's definitely going into my usual rotation!
3	Not the best but not the worst. My family has come here a few times, as we live fairly close by and the service is never good. The food is just mediocre, and I really don't recommend the ribs. The only thing truly commendable about this place is the pulled pork which we were surprised by how good it was. We might come back here and give it another chance with some of the other dishes.
3	Quality quick food. The sandwiches were delectable. I thoroughly enjoyed the pulled pork sandwich and the house sandwich. They were both really good. The only reason this is 3 stars and not 4, is because they did not use real plates and utensils as well as cups. Other than that, all was well. The food was tasty, the service was solid, and the atmosphere was definitely unique. It felt like an authentic barbecue place for sure. I would recommend this to anyone with a short amount of time in search of some good bbq. Definitely a good choice to go here. Quality experience.
4	If you come here for lunch, it is a great deal.  You get to put your favorites onto a sandwich for a great deal.  If you happen to order fries, they give you enough to feed an army.  The flavors are great and you can add hot peppers and BBQ sauce to enhance the entire experience.
3	Its a neat place but the food is just ok. The portions are good size and the restaurant like I said is a good looking place. But the food just needs a little something extra. I would recommend this place, I've only been twice and would give them another try as it wasn't by any means a bad experience.
1	food was not worth returning for.  Their chicken dinner meal looked like sliced cafeteria chicken.  the only thing good about Tom bbq sandwich was the toasted bread.  The bbq pork looked like it came out of a blender.   Plates and silverware were Styrofoam and plastic.  The mac and cheese was and mashed potatoes and gravy was good.
5	Every time I go it gets better!  The waitresses are funny and friendly and the place is perfect for family dining.  The leftovers (which need to be properly labeled so no one steals your food) are just as good the next day.  Make sure you take some extra BBQ sauce with you!
5	This place has a full bar and the best bar b questions ever. Second time here and love it.
5	Great atmosphere...great food... Even offered us a free piece of fried fish! Fish fry on Fridays! Everything was great! Small area is outdoors with corn hole games and music... Just a great place!
