5	So you have kids and you're stuck because you can't go to the casino or you're not able to go sit at a bar and enjoy something or another. Well, that was what happened to us the last time we were in Vegas. I wanted to go do caviar tasting but they didn't allow kids at the bar and so I missed out.But then, we were at The Orleans one day and found out that they had a day care center where you could drop your kids off for a maximum of 5 hours for a nominal fee. Although on the website it says parents have to stay in the building at all times while your kid is at the facility, when we checked lil guy in no one told us that. Also on the website it says you have to bring your child's immunization records with you, but when we got there they just asked that you fax in a copy when you get home. EASY PEASY.So we left lil guy there while we rushed off to the Bellagio so I could do my caviar tasting and then rushed back and played some slots at The Orleans before picking him up. He had fun, wanted to go back the next day, but we assured him that he'll be going there again on our next trip to Vegas.
5	I remember as a child my mom used to bring me here...fast forward 13 years and now my child is enjoying this facility! Right when I told my daughter she'd be going to Kid's Tyme her face lit up! She was so excited and couldn't wait. When we got there I had to fill out a couple pieces of paper since it was her first time here (but she's been to kids quest in the past). We also brought her shot records for future visits so keep that in mind if you plan on bringing your kids more than once!  Next thing you know she's inside and running around! I personally liked the staff! They were joking around and smiling which made me feel comfortable leaving my kid with them. Almost an hour passed so I went and checked on my daughter and I guess she had an accident which caused some tears. The staff talked to me and asked my daughter if she wanted to stay longer and she did. Within a couple of seconds the staff and my daughter came up to me again asking what she should do with her snacks lol. I guess my daughter wanted to save it so I grabbed it real quick and allowed her to finish up her hour. Next I checked her out for the low price of 9 dollars! 7 dollars for the hour and 2 dollars for snacks! Overall my daughter had an awesome time and I got an hour to myself! We fully intend on coming back!
5	We were just there over Easter Weekend like we are every year for Viva but our little one is four now so we thought we would let her go to Kid's Tyme so we could do some gambling with the whole family. We only had her there for less than two hours Friday night and Saturday afternoon. She had a blast and was totally worn out. Even fall asleep as we were talking the car show. Loved that the boys and girls bathrooms were separated and there was an adult watching over the kids in the bathroom area. Having a young daughter I was concerned about that and they made me feel very comfortable. We will be bring our daughter back next time we are out there.
5	Really appreciate finding a safe place to leave the kiddos for a few hours. This place is huge, so at first it was a bit intimidating leaving 3 and 4 year old. They had several safety precautions in place which helped.We ended up leaving them and they played for almost two hours. The person who checked us in was very sweet and allowed us to look around a bit before heading out. They do want you to bring your vaccination records with you and provide those details, but when traveling they rarely are with you so they provide a waiver for the first time. Also bring a pair of socks, as they are required, but not too worry, they can provide them for a fee as well!
4	Good idea and it's not overpriced.My kids had a blast. Staff could be a little bit more friendly but they were good enough.Don't expect to get in right away. They day we went they had very few workers and they could only take 4-5 kids at the time so you will have to put your name in a waiting list.I wasn't allowed to pay with my card because their system was down and I was redirected to an ATM.There is a movie theater right next door so it's perfect if you want to drop the kids and catch a movie or two.There is a maximum of 5 hours for the kids to stay.
