4	Gusto in George St serves up classic Italian food in a modern and stylish setting, it is certainly a cut above most of the city centre's other Italian restaurants. Given the sheer size of this place you are pretty much either guaranteed a table or a very short wait for one, and if you do have to wait, it is worth it. The tables outside are ideally placed for a spot of people watching and, in this area, there are generally a few amusing characters passing by to entertain you. The food covers all bases in regards to the pizza and pasta offerings that you'd expect, but throws in a few surprises too: suckling pig anyone? The calamari is very good and never chewy or rubbery, and the figs, ham and mozzarella is a wonderfully simple and tasty dish. This is a great place to come with someone fussy, they'll find something nice and safe to enjoy  (yip, they do Bolognese AND Carbonara) while you explore the more adventurous parts of the menu.
5	I came here on a second date with a guy once and swiftly ordered the French Martini (as I had been watching Sex and The City all day). It arrived with a huge blueberry in the centre, which I thought was a nice touch. So nice, infact, that I then threw the martini all over the girl next to me and smashed my glass. Real smooth.Clumsiness aside, I really liked Gusto's. They have a nice layout, with a huge table in the middle to accomodate bigger parties and small booths and intimate tables all around it. My mum and I ordered the garlic bread on the side - big mistake! It was huge! Too big for us to share!I had duck, which was cooked to perfection. My mum had spaghetti Carbonara which she said was really light and not too much. They aways have a decent discount on offer, so ask the waiter/waitress for the latest deals.
4	I've been to Gusto a number of times now, due to its convenient west end George Street location and because it's set out over pretty large premises, so there's always a good chance of getting a speedy table in times of post shopping starvation need.The menu is extensive, which is brilliant, because I never feel I'm stuck going for the same tired options, which can be the case if you regularly frequent somewhere with a small menu that doesn't seem to change an awful lot. Great options for both lunch and dinner, and being an Italian restaurant, there are tasty pasta, rice, pizza, salad, meat and seafood options to choose from. I usually opt for the seafood risotto teamed with rocket and parmesan salad, a combination I find never goes wrong. The interior looks good, very modern and light, with big booths to slide into and a choice of romantic tables for two for some hand holding and such like. There is also an upstairs level, and a long communal table through the middle of the restaurant, where people can sit either side, which I think is pretty cool. Fantastic Bellinis too, they've definitely lured me in here more than once. Add outside seating to that -  great for posing in oversized sunnies on a good day.
3	I dont know what to write as my review of this place.In some aspects it was great - it really excelled itself in terms of food (a great modern take on classic italian food), the decore was nice and the staff were friendly.But, it was missing something. It was an odd atmosphere - not exactly cold, but certainly not welcoming and friendly. It left me feeling slightly on edge, and I was relieved when we finally left after paying a bill that I thought was very expensive for what we had eaten.As I said, its hard to call this one, so try it and see.
4	Good, but not totally great, sums up my sole experience of Gusto.My pasta was in all honesty, similar to something I could make at home, but E's. loaded with salmon and oddly, peas was tremendous. This game of contrasts also spread to the garlic pizza bread, with the tomato basted half coming a cropper in favour of the simpler, garlic drenched section.The waiter got on my wick a bit as well, relentlessly upselling, and coming across a little bit on the sleazy side. The randy old Italian waiter caricature is a tricky one to pull off and he just wasn't up to the task.I'd go back though for the salmon pasta, and we did get to see a somewhat comical scene next to us, with the stingiest teen in the world taking his girlfriend for a date. Not only did he make her drink tap water, he loudly announced she could have "whatever she wanted" from the menu, before strongly suggesting she have the garlic pizza bread (made and priced as a starter / side dish) for her main course.Wonder if he got any later on?
3	My expectations were elevated upon entering Gusto. It was busy and I liked the ambiance, plus the menu looked very appetizing.  Food was decent, but not very memorable -- and service was lacking some attention. Still, I did really like the vibe and think they have a lot to work with....could be a great neighborhood place.
3	Salt. One of the most essential ingredients to bring out flavours and make your dinner all the more tastier. Gusto seemed to have missed out on this point and although the ambiance is great and I would recommend this place highly for a date, both our lamb cutlets and duck breast lacked the S word. They were both actually cooked to perfection- the duck especially was just the right about of pink in it. However the fat was soggy and cooking it slower would have made it amazing.I am picky about food  and cooking as you may have realised. Other than the slightly bland food,  great place and friendly service!
5	Gusto originates from the Latin word Gustus meaning 'a tasting' and THAT it certainly is! Gusto is one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh. I have been here too many times to count and have dragged pretty much all my pals to it.It all started 2 years ago...... I visited this place for the first time when I was meeting someone for lunch. Having been out the night before, I had struggled to even walk the length of George street and had hoped that lunch would comprise of a ham and cheese toastie at some obscure cafe with no alcohol in sight to upset my already churning belly.My pleas were obviously ignored by my pal who had no sympathy for the state I was in and is a firm believer in a good feed being the solution for all of life's problem when accompanied by good wine. So we arrived and were seated at a corner booth. The service was prompt and efficient and the Italian waiter who served us somehow convinced me to order a bottle of wine. It may have been the fairy lights or the delectable aromas wafting through the place, or just the overly flirty 50 year old Italian waiter but I fell for his charm and ordered a lovely bottle of Red to go with my lunch.I had duck for my main which was deliciously succulent with rosemary potatoes and my pal had a pork loin, pork belly combo. My pal thought that the pork belly was a tad tough but didn't complain because the rest had been so tasty. The manager picked up on the fact that the plate hadn't been emptied and asked her why. We had 25% knocked off the food when the bill arrived and it came accompanied by a sincere apology from the manager.While I would have definitely revisited the place after tasting the food, that experience made me even more determined to go back.  I have tried plenty things on the menu since and still can't decide what I like best. Their griffin pizza is amazingly spicy and filling, while their lobster and prawn spaghetti makes a simple pasta dish into something special. Their steaks are cooked to perfection and try the lasagne for a more home-made touch. The Sticky toffee pud is one of my favourites indulgences with the chocolate brownie with pistachio ice-cream just perfect to satisfy chocolate cravings for chocolate or the Lemon Sorbet for when you 'just can't have another bite'They have a good selection of cocktails and the prices are pretty reasonable for what they are. The Raspberry Caiproska and Strawberry Daiquiri are lovely and refreshing and they have a nice bar for those who wish to stop for just a drink or two and to enjoy the romantic fairy lights.... To sum it up.... I think the service, the food and the ambience are all pretty fantastic and so are the prices especially for a George street haunt.
4	Visited for lunch a few times and always had a good time.  The restaurant is very modern and you can view some of the chiefs preparing the food from the kitchen.  I have sat both upstairs and in the booths, the first time I visited was on a busy saturday afternoon and it was rather loud, other times I have gone during lunchtime on a weekday and it has been fairly quiet. I recommend the farmhouse loaf for a starter and also the Italian burger, one of the best burgers I have ever had. Great place for food in the city
4	I often go to Gusto for lunch, the staff are friendly, the food is good quality Italian fare and the prices are reasonable. In fact it actually seems like it should be more expensive as the interior is quite swanky! Top Tip 1 -  If you take kids in, they'll give them little chef hats and let them make their own pizzas at the table and go meet the Chef too! Top Tip 2 - they have a dining card which gives you up to 40% discount which is free and you can register for it on their website.The carbonara is great, as is the sticky toffee pudding with ice cream (swoon). They are always innovating with new events, menus, wines and cocktails and strongly support Edinburgh Sick Kids too.
4	Another great meal here at Gusto. I can recommend the primavera pasta and the pistachio ice-cream also I can tell you that the make a mean Irish coffee, I know this because my husband got one and I pinched some! YummyGot my 20% food discount as usual for being a Gusto member which always feels good getting a wee discount :0) Check out the pictures I posted
4	hmm this is a rather difficult review to write as i went here for a work xmas lunch and feel like we didn't get to sample their actual menu!  this is of course a gripe of the festive season as instead of offering the normal menu all places think that everyone just wants to eat turkey and christmas pudding....  but anyway, i have to say that while gusto does put on a special menu for their xmas lunch and dinner it's very good!we arrived at 2pm and were seated right away at a long table.  my only problem with this is that you were rather limited in who you could talk to as it was the people immediately across from you or next to you.  one of their round booths would have been nice so i could have seen everyone, but it might have been our party was too big.  also i find sitting under the mezzanine level makes things a bit dark, but perhaps some people see this as atmospheric.from their xmas menu i ordered the butternut squash soup, the turkey with all the trimmings, and the chocolate tart.  although we were a large party and they appeared to have quite a few of these our food was brought out very promptly after our order!  i really appreciated this as two cocktails into the drinks already and a full glass of wine in front of me, i was desperate for some food!!the soup was absolutely delicious!  it was the perfect winter warmer for a cold day with a nice smooth consistency and a warm squashy taste to it.  it was topped with toasted pumpkin seeds and had a side of nice freshly baked bread that i used to wipe the bowl clean.  the turkey was next and i have to say it was really only ok.  i found the meat to be a wee bit dry and my food cooled off far too quickly after it arrived and the brussel sprouts with pancetta were almost cold by the time i finished them.  however, they were still rather tasty and the portion of stuffing was just delicious!!  i also really enjoyed the extra sides of roast potatoes and sauteed veggies.  my chocolate tart was lovely but i was far too full to finish it so it sadly got mostly left over!the service we had was impeccable!  i really could not fault our waiter, he was so lovely and helpful and always checking to make sure we had everything we needed.  he also kindly suggested frangelico instead of amaretto for an after dinner liquor which me and some of my colleauges enjoyed so much we ended up having three!  so excellent suggestion from an excellent waiter!  he also let us sit at the table almost two hours longer than we were told we originally had, which was a great help as our head of department was delayed and only joined us when we had almost finished the meal.  however, this did not phase the waiter and he brought out her meal when she arrived and never rushed her between the courses.i definitely enjoyed my team lunch here and from that experience i'll happily be back to sample more of their normal menu.  i have been here once or twice before and know they do italian food well, so although i enjoyed the meal i do wish that we'd just been able to order off their normal menu because who says you can't have pizza for xmas?!?!
4	Another great meal at Gusto.  This time I went with a school friend of mine.  With a 50% off food January sale there is every reason to be a social butterfly and catch up with everyone!  My friend tried a new pudding this time, the hot chocolate brownie with ice cream rather than the chocolate sauce, I tasted it and it was delicious and I may have to try that the next time that I am in. I always request a booth when I make reservations as I think that they are nicer than the tables, personal preference I suppose but I think that it gives you a wee area for your group, more room. I had to prompt this this time as they automatically went to seat us at a table, but they quickly found us a booth.I think I may be able to squeeze one more visit here before the sale finishes, although going for a catch up with school friends means that the wine bill is higher than the food bill!
4	Gusto delivered more than I had possibly hoped for!  As part of a group I was privileged to be able to sample multiple dishes in one sitting and not one dish was disappointing!As soon as I walked through the door I was immediately taken with the smell of fresh herbs from the kitchen which had me walking on air to my seat.  I simply could not wait for the menu and knew this was going to be an experience.A starter of hand rolled meatballs with grana padano cheese and tomato sauce had me wishing for a second helping.  The meatballs were indeed hand rolled as the texture had a certain unique quality that can only be achieved by hand.A main of smoked italian sausage rigatoni had me hankering for my italian grand mothers cooking again!  I find it rare to come across an italian restaurant that would have good smoked italian sausage but this was the real thing!Decadent, indulgent, there are no words to describe the nutella and mascarpone calzone for dessert.  I am a fan of unusual desserts but I do not exaggerate that this piece of work arrived in front of me and I scrummed myself stupid in a heady haze of chocolate fuelled delight!  If you visit Gusto you have to try this but be warned; if you don't have a big appetite then you had better have a friend to share with!Staff were polite, accommodating, orders were taken and delivered promptly.  There was a minor mistake in one food order for which we were compensated and a new serving delivered very quickly.I have no complaints about this particular venue and I will be back....very very soon!
3	The rosemary bread is huge!  Dinner was ok, I might give this place another go.
4	My man decided to treat me to some food, so we decided to try something new and went to Gustos. In all honesty this is probably the first restaurant I have been to that I would rate 10 out of 10. When you walk in you notice the lovely, sophisticated decor, as you follow a friendly member of staff that finds you a nice table. The food we ordered thankfully didn't take long to prepare, and I am an impatient person, especially when I'm starving! I went for Gnocchi with slow roast pork, cherry tomatoes, pesto & rocket - so, so delicious. My partner got 10ozrib eye steak with mushrooms and he enjoyed it as well. For all the cocktail lovers out there, do go for the first one on the cocktail menu - Strawberry Cup - one of the best cocktails I have ever had. I was really happy with not only the gorgeous food, but also the service in the restaurant and I would really recommend it!
5	I've eaten here three or four times as its very convenient to where I live. The food (in particular the pizzas) is good. The service is excellent also. I think we have been a few times where deals have been on offer (birthdays etc) so keep your eye out for a special deal!
2	Booked here with a large hen do at Christmas and at no point in the booking process we were told we would receive a set menu. We arrived on time, but our table was not ready.We got to our table and were given a set Christmas menu which we didn't want and were not forewarned about. The food we received was good but overpriced.Would not return, we werent looking for a christmas meal and if we'd known we'd get lumbered with that menu we wouldn't have picked it.
