5	I have never received so many compliments on my hair since Janet started cutting my hair! She gives incredible cuts and works magical color in there too. I HIGHLY recommended lust beautworks. There is no shortage of inspiration at this new shop (formerly Glamdring Beauty). LOVE.
4	Yay! Had a great experience at Lust Beautyworks last night. During my short stay in Madison, I realized I was up for a highlight. My poor planning landed me yelping all local salons in Madison looking for a salon that wouldn't dig deep into my wallet for a color and had last minute openings.  Lust fit these criteria- I scheduled a week and a half in advance and they have totally reasonable prices so I gave it a shot. What a great experience I had!  When I made the appointment I did not write anything down. I just saved the number and clicked on a few yelp pages until I found the number day of the appointment. Turns out the owner of Lust, Janet was the previous owner of Glamdring beauty. Found the address, typed it into my gps and off I was in search of Glamdring. After finding what I thought was the correct salon, I was surprised to find a Sorry we are closed sign and a pitch black salon. Next, I called the number and after a very few confused statements/questions/mumbles realized my appt was at a completely different salon, one of which had the same number listed. That salon being Lust Beautyworks. From then on, the evening ran smoothly.  Lust is a spunky space filled with a hodgepodge of intriguing and flat out strange items that are plenty to keep your interest during the appointment. The music filling the room is eclectic matching Janet and Liz's style.   Liz is a bubbly, funny, and all around delight to be paired with for a hair appointment. Sipping on my PBR my two hours spent in the salon flew by. I requested a straightforward highlight and thats exactly what I received. Color turned out perfect. Following the blow dry she offered to use the curling wand on my straight locks. Of course I could not pass that up! She curled my hair and demonstrated how easy it is to use the hair tool. It was refreshing to have a different look for the night and I appreciated the extra time spent.  Give Lust Beautyworks a visit!
4	Same thing happened to me as happened to Yelper Margaret above. I googled for hair cuts, and went to glamdring - same phone number as Lust. So not sure what they need to do about that. Anyway, same deal, had to call and verify address and then went down the road to the blount st. location. They offer you a PBR, coffee or tea. Very cool place, and they seem to really know what they are doing hairwise. I highly recommended.
5	A cut above the rest!  Before Janet works her urban hair magic, she puts you into another world,,, far far away!  Her shampoos and hair treatments make you forget about everything!  I  have had many hairstylists in my life, but Janet exceeds them all. Besides giving an amazing cut and color, she truly cares about the condition of your hair and making it work with YOUR needs and lifestyle.  She waxes and shapes brows like no one else!!!  OMG!  I also appreciate that she keeps her and her staff educated on new trends and products.  I also really love all the artwork in and outside of the shop! You can't miss those gorgeous red poppies!  Janet you ROCK!
