3	First thing first, this store is TINY! If you are the only customer in the store, that's not a problem. But otherwise you find yourself saying "excuse me" a lot as you try to make your way around the store. What's great about this True Religion is, of course, the product (let's face it, it sells itself), friendly service and the styles include petite length for women and up to 36" inseam and 40" waist for men. I'm impressed that this brand is making itself available to all shapes and sizes. Bravo!
5	I have never had such exceptional customer service in my life. My wife and I had mixed feelings when we walked into the store that was very small and had at least 40 customers tearing apart the racks. Before we could get ten feet in a young man welcomed us and started explained the set up. He also apologized for it being so busy but reassured as to continue to browse. My wife found a few pairs to try and the store manager Jenny brought her to a fitting room. She offered us some water as well as convinced me to try on too. After all said and done we must have tried 30 different jeans. Jenny made sure we were 100% satisfied. The entire staff was friendly and upbeat, they seemed so positive and willing to help each other. If I owned a retail store I would want these people working for me. Until then I couldn't suggest enough to check out True Religion in Caesars Palace.
5	True Religion store at The Forum Shops in Ceasers Palace is a 5 Star Company. The  customer Service from management and retail staff is the best . They  are more then helpful with all of your clothing needs. this is along overdue review I wanted to post because of my fabulous experience I had with the staff at this company. Great customer service is hard to find and needs to be recognized and complimented when it is well deserved. Thank you for your great service I will be back soon to Las Vegas Forum Shops ! JP
5	Tho the store is small the employees Alley and a guy were very nice and helpful. My husband loves the jeans and likes them with white stiching. They found some in his size and also took down info from us and called us the next day that they had what he needed. So friendly. Allie let me smell the womens cologne and showed me one that is new. She tells me before I smelled it that it smells like cotton candy. Sure thing it did and lasts long on me. I bought that and call it cotton candy. Since we are local we will be back
