4	They let people "call in" which is insanely annoying because sometimes people will walk in and cut the like of people who have been sitting waiting. They usually (90%+) give me a good haircut though so i continue to come back
3	Been here multiple times. I never remember the hairstylists so I take whoever is available. I wanted a just a shampoo and trim and the service was good. They weren't very busy and I was in and out in 20 minutes. I felt that the lady cutting my hair was confident so I just let her do her thing. The store was a little dirty. I guess it's been in that location awhile and may be older. Could use a new coat of paint or something.
3	I've probably been here about five times and my experiences were usually pretty mediocre. This time I had a little bit better of experience. The girl who was cutting my hair's name was Susie and I think she did a fabulous job on my haircut. She was very knowledgeable and gave me lots of good tips. Sometimes I prefer not to talk as much during my haircut because it is a relaxing time for me. I would say that was her only drawback. The prices at Supercuts I feel are a little high in comparison to other salons. I need some coupons or an ASU student discount! They also could use a fresh coat of paint, I noticed the walls were kinda dirty!
2	Employees were friendly, however they were more concerned with talking to each other instead of cutting hair. The girl who cut my hair actually stopped several times to chat with the other workers. Its very expensive as well, $15 for a haircut and they wanted $15 to blow-dry, excluding any type of styling. Won't go back.
1	I got my haircut here and the lady who was working screwed up my hair. This is the worst hair saloon ever !!!
3	UGH! I'm so torn on this place for a couple of reasons. I went in there about three months ago and I got a great cut that got a lot of compliments! Great experience! However, I went in yesterday and got a different stylist and I REGRET that decision. I asked her to take a little off the top and now it's shorter than it's been since I was in high school, which was a long time ago LOL! The only reason why this place got three stars is because its so well priced and hopefully (again LOL) my hair will continue growing back!
4	Not to long of a wait, lady giving me the haircut wasn't boring like some places. Overall good quick easy experience.
5	Waited about 10-15 minutes for a haircut. Not too bad of a wait time. Went by fast with all the magazines they have. Don't know what my haircut style is called so it's nice to know my name and specific haircut info is in their system. Jong is a very timely stylist as well and also professional. They do great work every time. I'll be back without question!!!
5	I came in and was immediately assisted by the lovely Kaneescha. She was eager to help me, kept lovely conversation and provided helpful suggestions on my hair cut. I'll definitely be returning and I highly recommend Kaneescha.
3	Reviewed this place to get a discount. Yeeeeahhhh boiiii.
3	It's an okay place, make sure you bring in a coupon because it's a little bit pricey. It also depends on the stylist too.  Amanda does an awesome job I recommend her.
4	Last time I came into this location I got the best haircut I've ever gotten from a Supercuts. Also everyone is always really friendly. Never really gotten a haircut I didn't like from this location.
5	Last time when I was here, I got a wonderful haircut :) The staff is super helpful and super skilled
4	Super awsesome haircut and very friendly staff.  I hardly had to wait for my turn
1	Awful place. Pathetic staff
5	Waiting time isn't that long! Lovely stuff , professional and the place is more than good.
5	Love this place! Friendly staff , highly skilled people. Great location ! Whenever I have question about my hair I always get great answers! I only go to SuperCuts when I'm in the states. Other hair places always made a mistake on my hair but no not this one ever! Keep it cool !!
5	Always get the best haircuts. Been coming here for over a year now. Better than the asu barbershop behind circle k too
5	This place is excellent for haircuts. I was totally confused about my desired haircut. The professionals really helped me to get the one that I wanted. I highly recommend this place for everyone!
4	Very solid haircuts. I'm not very good at being articulate about what I want, and they're good at figuring it out.
4	Quick and precise. Like a laser beam chainsaw. Just what i needed. Friendly and fast. David was awesome!
1	My story goes like this.  I went in and requested a simple fade and explicitly requested that it be at medium height.  I even said "don't give me a Marine hair cut".  I took off my glasses and don the cape, the women (who happened to be the MANAGER) who was to cut my hair spun me away from the mirror and started to cut.  About 3 minutes later (yeah seriously 3 minutes!!!!! WTF) she stated she was finished, so I put my glasses back on to see what the finished product looked like.  How do you think she did, was she such a master that she could give a world class hut cut in record time?  NOPE!!!  She gave me a high and tight, seriously a damn hight and tight.  The one thing I asked her not to do she did, and the shit eating grin on her face said "yeah I know what you said but I don't give a crap, I just want to get back to Facebook".  I was so pissed that I just bit my tongue and said nothing or else I'd have flipped out on this lady.  So, I get home and start to check out the magnum opus this Picasso of hair styling had created and I find a HUGE, make that RIDICULOUSLY HUGE chunk of hair the size of two thumbs uncut and sticking out from the rest of the disaster.  Seriously WTF!!!!!!  I still to this day think she did that purposely because there's no way to miss some shit like that.  I get back in my car and return to the store, I politely wait for another stylist (even though the hair terrorist was free) to take me back and do some damage control.  I could tell she was having a hard time saving as much as possible because the blending was SOOOOO bad and uneven however, she did what she could and I appreciate that (oh she also told me that the hair terrorist doesn't know how to do fades correctly because she is classically trained or some crap).  This women knew she didn't have the skill set to cut my hair and put me in a booth anyways.  Way to go Supercuts, that's taking initiative, after all it's better to take someone's money once and not give them what they paid for so they'll never return than having them wait 10 minutes to get what they came for.  After this very pleasant and skilled young lady is finished fixing the debacle on my cranium I politely request a refund.  I actually shouldn't have paid for the hair cut in the first place but I wanted no drama.  Nevertheless, I had to drive all the way back here to have someone do damage control so I was not feeling like I owned them any money for any of this fiasco.  Of course I had to go through the hair terrorist to get said refund, and that went over like a fart in church.  It was obvious that she really really really did not want to refund my money, why, I have no clue.  After politely asking and explaining that the requested refund was based on principle, her retort basically amounted to the theory of using it to pay for the second haircut I got, yeah the one where they fixed what she jacked up in the first place.  She wanted to keep the money and transfer the "credit" to the other stylist.  Seeing how as I was going to use the refund to tip the second stylist anyways and that by this time I was immensely annoyed with the hair terrorist and could handle no more of her crap I just agreed and left.Moral of the story:  Don't come here with any expectation because, apparently you don't need to know how to cut hair to work at this Supercuts or for the matter to even manage the damn place.  To be fair though there is at least one talented individual working here.
5	Fast and neat! Friendly staff. I get my hair cuts here regularly. Never had to wait for more than 5 mins. The staff is helpful and their suggestions on the products are really good.
1	Called in, was told there was a 25 min wait. Came in 20 minutes later (5 min before scheduled time) and waited another 20 minutes before deciding I had wasted enough life there. Don't waste your time there are plenty of better places to get your hair cut. This place is run by a bunch of shmucks. STAY AWAY!!! Most positive reviews are because they offer discounts if people review positively
2	Can someone please tell me why Tammy took liberties with my child's hair?  I said a trim not to hack it & shape it without asking first.  She has curly hair that used to be allb one length.  She went crazy with the clippers to the ends.  My daughter's hair isn't what we wanted & we left with frizzy hair.
