4	Good authentic food, I love fry bread and this place does not skimp, good food, good price. Nothing spicy here but they do offer a mild 'salsa' that is pretty good. They also offer tamales and treats which I will have to try next time since my vegetarian taco was just too much for me to eat in one sitting!
3	Finally they have another native american eating joint on the east side!!  The one on Gilbert was great but ended up closing.  I'm not worries about the fry bread because i know it will be good.  Was more concerned on whether they would have native style stews, and boy do they!  They have about 5 different varieties from red chili stew to menudo.  I decided to try the hominy with beef, a very simple stew but this one bowl is pretty filling.  Most native style stews are pretty simple,  just beef with various vegetables and not much herbs.  But that's what makes them good!  Simple comfort food.  I plan on trying the red chili or menudo on my next visit.  They fry bread for me was okay.  You need the oil at a certain temperature for the bread to come out right.  You get a nice softness and crunch in one serving.  Mine was still a little oily in certain area but since i wasn't concerned with my diet today, i didn't mind the greasiness.  The place is quite cozy with little pieces of artwork on the walls.  Miss the nice native music that the other place had.  Can't wait to visit again.  Keep up the great work guys!!
4	Hot damn this place is delicious! So happy to have found this place not far from my office...I can't honestly remember what kind of fry bread I had the last time but it was sexy and delicious, not to mention MASSIVE. Folded it took over a whole large takeout container and weighed a ton. I opened it up back at the office and knew I was going to love it, my coworkers scrambling to see what smelled so good. I was NOT disappointed. My friend had the green chile and she loved it.For dessert I had the fry bread with honey and sugar which was dynamite (and I don't even really eat sweets).Downside was that I thought I might actually die after eating all that food and I still had to finish my workday. Upside? It would've been a good death and I will be heading back there very soon
4	Hubby and I went there tonight for dinner and it was wonderfully delicious.  We spoke to the staff and they were very friendly.  Gave us a brief history of the original store and answered all our questions.  This was my Husband's first time eating fry bread and I believe he's hooked now because he said he definitely would be going back to eat and try something else.  The bread was huge and folded over like a taco.  Everything tasted perfect even at closing time.  I can't wait to go back and try something different.
4	A couple of times in the last month I have gone here for lunch.  The fry bread here is very, very, good.  I love the crisp, brown, bubbly surface that makes these so addicting.  Both times the fry bread was served so hot I had to let it sit a couple of minutes before eating.I had the red chili the first time and green the next.  They are both excellent but I really enjoyed the flavor of the hatch green chili in the green.  The beef itself is fall apart tender and quite flavorful in all those juices.  There is also a very nice, but not too spicy, hot sauce that enhances the flavor of the tacos.  Either way, there was so much filling in the fry bread I could only finish part with my hands.  Good thing there are plenty of paper towels!  Next time I hope to leave room for a honey topped fry bread for dessert and then drive immediately to the hospital before going home.The ladies that work there are very quiet but nice.  You order at the counter and the food is brought out to you.  The decor is definitely no frills..but hey...this is fry bread not prime rib. Lastly, I really want to make this part of my bi-weekly restaurant rotation but I doubt I'd live to provide an update to this review.  What a way to go though!!!!
3	First visitLocated behind the Coco's and KFC in this shopping plaza, this small place is decorated for functionality not high fashion.I got a seasoned beef fry bread "taco", a plain fry bread, some vegetable beef stew, and a honey/powdered sugar dessert fry bread.All very, very good. The beef seasoning was quite mild, so next time I'll get the red chili beef. Luckily they served some chilled chili sauce with it :-). The stew was really flavorful, although the carrots weren't quite cooked. The dessert was sweet, but not slathered in honey or coated in sugar.Two things kept this at a three rating: 1) a bit pricey for some of the portions - the stew was maybe a cup, and 2) the fry bread was very, very greasy.I will definitely give them another try.
4	This is located less than a 1/4 mile from my new office and was recommended by a friend of mine, so I had to try it.  I have eaten here twice and both times I got the Ultimate Taco with red chile beef.  The restaurant is a bit austere, but clean.  I had no problem finding a clean table at lunch time.  You order at the counter and then they bring the food to your table.   The Ultimate Taco is enough to satisfy my big appetite.  It is pretty big.  Wearing dress clothes, I did not dare try to pick it up and eat it for fear of getting red chile all over my clothes, so I ate it with the plastic knife and fork provided.  I am not a fry bread connoisseur, but I thought it was delicious and not too greasy.  The red chile beef is good, but I would like it a whole lot spicier.  (I like VERY spicy food.)Fry Bread House is a once every couple of weeks treat for me and it is now in my regular lunch rotation.
5	Oh the deliciousness. I am so happy that they opened a Fry Bread House closer to where I live. I love, love, love Fry Bread House's food. I normally get the Indian tacos, but in an effort to branch out, I recently tried the combo tacos with green chili beef and beans. It was, as expected, incredible. A taco so large and overflowing that I cannot finish all of it (that's what the husband is for). And this location is much larger than the Phoenix location- hope it catches on in the east valley and stays around! I love not having to drive in to Phoenix for Indian tacos! Yummmm.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE fry bread, and love The Fry Bread House.  I have been a fan since 1994 when they had their little hole in the wall location near downtown Phoenix.  I have followed them to the location off of Indian School Road and thank GOD they are now in the East Valley roughly 15 minutes from my house.  Try EVERYTHING because its ALL so very yummy!!  My favorite?  Vegetarian Taco and honey/powdered sugar fry bread.  Native owned and operated so you know you are getting the real deal!!
3	I've been here several times since my initial visit.The food has stayed decidedly mediocre. If you've got a craving for fry bread this place will fill the need. The variety of toppings is good if uninspired. I haven't had a "bad" meal here, but nothing brings this place to mind unless I'm already craving fry bread.
3	I had heard about this place for soooooo long, and I was in the area and figured I'd stop in before I went in to work. It's tucked in to a nice shopping center and I walked in and was a little surprised at how big it was. There's a lot of seating and the inside was nice and clean. I knew that I wanted a navajo taco but I wasn't aware that there were so many options! I had the ground beef taco (can't remember specifics), waited for a few minutes, and was on my way. First of all, it was HUGE. I had no idea it would be so big, but it was definitely worth $7 I spent on it. It was very filling, that's for sure. I had half of it, the ingredients were fresh, the beef wasn't spectacularly seasoned but it was good nonetheless. I'm not sure if I'd return for a meal, but I definitely want to go back for dessert....mmMMmm
4	Sometimes it is worth the guilt. Well that is what I try to convince myself when I devour my meal. I am glad there is a location out in the easy valley, otherwise I have to drive all the way to central Phoenix. It is owned and operated by Tohono O'odham natives, yay for local eateries In my opinion this place at least has decent Native American fare. I usually opt for the vegetable beef stew with the frybread (Joedd Special). 12oz of stew and big hot frybread isn't so bad for $7. The frybread isn't fluffy and melt in your mouth per se. Rather is a slightly crunchy but oh so yummy item. I love the salsa they have on house as well. Other specialties I have tried are the red chili taco and th taco bowl. I love both as well, but will opt for the stew most of the time. They have varieties of indian tacos, stews, and tamales and such. They even have a kid's menu as well. This place isn't for the faint of heart, if one is trying to eating quite healthy...good luck. I, myself, am a nutrition student, but you have to have good food once in awhile.
4	If I knew I wasn't going to die from eating there constantly I probably would say it's worth it. But alas, it's definitely a once every 6 months type of eat out.
4	I was pleased to find out about Fry Bread House East.  Not long ago I ventured to the original Fry Bread House in Phoenix and loved the food.  When I returned to Yelp to write it up I saw they had the East location in Mesa.  Happy to have great fry bread at a location that is more convenient for me.They offer the same menu as the original restaurant.  Again I had the red chili beef Indian taco and, again, it was delicious.  At first glance the menu may appear pricey but the portions will leave you satisfied and stuffed.  Fry bread makes for a great taco base.  My only complaint is no free refills on the beverage and the cup is filled liberally with ice but, eh, I won't hold that against them.  The smaller mom and pop places need to find ways to make money and I'm sure this is a great saver for them.On my next visit I have every intention of trying the desert style fry bread with the powdered sugar or chocolate sauce.If you're in the east valley and looking to try something different, this is a place you need to check out.
4	Tucked away in a strip mall, this place is great!  The portions are generous and the food is really flavorful.  We haven't had a bad meal yet, just a little messy.
3	Ok so it's no secret... I'm not a big fan of the Native foods that I've tried since coming to the Phoenix area.  It's either too bland or too spicy or too greasy or.. ((sigh))  Anyway, I keep trying different places and this time, I found something that I'd consider reordering... the spicy red chili stew.  It was simple, but good.  I might come back... if I had a friend in town who wanted to try Native American food.  That's more than I can say for the other 2 Native locations I've tried.  :)The service here was also friendlier than the other places.  Not friendly... just friendlier. hahaMight see ya there.
3	Not like the one on 7th Ave menudo, but fry bread was soooo good.
5	Best in class. Whether stopping by for a honey covered fry bread or a great green chile indian taco this place is hard to beat. We stop by every chance we get.
2	My Husband and I went for lunch last Saturday in Mesa and I can say that I am not a huge fan. I walked in to no electricity in the dining area. Stood  in line for quite a while to get to the front and have our order taken by a very unhappy person. So we both ordered a taco and I got a drink and the cost was almost $19! Then my drink was topped off with ice so after about 4 swallows I needed a refill. So then it was back in line for 10 minutes for a 70 cent refill while food got cold. If you need a napkin they have a roll of paper towels by the register and you can have ONE. And if you plan on getting it to go bring extra money to pay for your hot sauce. They really get every penny from you. The positive was the taco was good so since I am creative in the kitchen and love to cook I came home and researched the recipe from their tribe and re-created it perfectly. It was soooo easy!!! So now for penny's I can enjoy this any time with my own toppings :)
4	I'm always a little scared to try shopping center restuarants, but since this was recommended by people I trust, I took my mom and kids to try it out.  Boy was I glad I did!First off, the fry bread.  You just can not go wrong with fried dough.  Every culture seems to have one and American Indian is no different.  The bread is crisp but chewy for the best combination of textures.Fillings, get a taco, a fry bread cheese crisp, a dessert bread or (my recommendation) a bean and cheese fry bread.  It's not on the menu, but they do have bean and cheese burritos, so I asked for one.  Oh my was it good!  Their refried beans are so good made the right way (which probably means lots of calories, but oh well).  If you like bean and cheese burritos this is that and so much more.The only reason this place didn't get 5 stars is the decor.  I don't ask for much, but this is a cantina style restaurant where you order and then they call your name when it's done.  That doesn't bother me at all, but some of the booths need to be re-upholstered.  The one I sat in was split and the stuffings were coming out.  Didn't make it unbearable, just not very comfortable.Love this place, try it out!
1	I was not impressed at all.... And yes, my friends I know my fry bread. I had the combo... the meat was bland, the cheese was old, and the lettuce was wilted, not to mention that the bread was greasy (which it really shouldn't) and overcooked. I know that they're natives, as am I, maybe that was why I was expecting a little bit more "wow" since they opened a restaurant, but I left disappointed.Nonetheless, I will not be coming back. For the price I paid I could've made better in my home, with tons more flavor.
4	I came in here back when they first opened and I was in town. I really enjoyed the Fry Bread Taco , as did my daughter. This has become one of my "be sure to visit" places in Mesa on consequent trips. I stopped in yesterday and was definitely not disappointed. The Indian Taco was huge and I only intended to eat half of it but it was pretty full and messy and the delicious insides kept tumbling out so I got a spoon and kept taking bites. I knew the fry bread would lose the wonderful crispness if I were to eat  it later and I hadn't eaten all day so I finished the whole thing and, while comfortable, was full the rest of the evening. This place is definitely worth seeking out and trying. I look forward to returning next trip.Oh, and there is a huge parking lot since it is in the strip mall so you can park right in front.
5	It doesn't look like much, but OMG. All you need to know is: chocolate and butter fry bread. I know my fry bread and their tacos lack the grease that off the res places slather their tacos in. This place has light and crispy tacos that are amazing. It's a stunner.
5	First - A few things I think we can all agree on about the Fry Bread House (East)Yes its kind of a hole.Yes they are stingy with their soda (50 cent refills... really?)Yes their staff can be a little....  independentNow something folks might disagree on about the Fry Bread House (East):They serve the best fry bread on earth and deserves a 5 star rating even if they decide that folks in line need to be regularly beaten.I've had fry bread from all over this state.  You can get it at the state fair, various restaurants, roadside stalls, a yellow school-bus in the parking lot of Mazatzal casino, there's even a guy in mesa who sells it out of his driveway.  None of it compares to what they sell here - its just stunningly good.Get a "Taco"  for lunch and then get a sweet one for desert - you can buy em both at the same time they'll toss the desert one in whenever you ask.
5	This place is all about the food, like me!I come here a lot in between classes. I haven't ever seen it crowded, which is surprising because I have a wonderful food experience every time I come here! The people who work here never get my order wrong & they most always have a smile. AND THE FRYBREADS. Oh glob the frybreads are always so amazing.
4	This place has been on my bucket list for a very long time.  I love Fry Bread and someone recommended this place, but because it's all the way in Mesa, it's taken me a while to finally try it out.  A few colleagues and I came here for lunch and ordered a Cheese Crisp and an Ultimate (Red Sauce, Beans, Cheese, Lettuce, Tomatoes).The Cheese Crisp was huge!  It was about 30% larger than a normal Cheese Crisp.  We almost got full on that alone.  They make the Fry Bread fresh to order here, so it took a while to get ours.  I couldn't wait to bit into it....when I did, it didn't disappoint.  It was awesome!  So much flavor and very filling.Return Factor - 90%
5	The Indian taco is awesome. Great place for fry bread.
5	Amazing Indian Tacos.  This place is really delicious.
4	So, it's not exactly the epitome of clean. And they are randomly closed sometimes (such as my birthday on Black Friday - sorry not a holiday unless you are a Wal-Mart camper). And the staff isn't exactly smile-your-pants-off friendly. But it's good. It's truly consistently good grub. Portions are large enough for 2 meals...but you will eat it all in one sitting (or try to) since you will have convinced yourself that the fry bread won't be as good reheated.I'm still a bit bummed that my fry bread birthday tradition was hampered this year. Note: It's hidden in a sad Mesa strip mall, with easy parking since it appears to be one of the few businesses still in operation in the strip. Seating is worn but ample.
3	Meh. Decent. Mexican food on fried bread, if you can picture that. Still, it was good, and reasonably priced.
3	Good , not absolutely wonderful .. But good . Good prices.   I've made these at home and they taste the exact same , no special flavors unless u order the red chili one ... Didn't really care for the flavor of the red chili, I liked just the regular one with ground beef. I would go back , but only if I were in the area.  Still on the hunt for a better Fry bread ;)
5	It takes a Lil bit of time be patient it's so worth it
3	So, so far since we have entered the restaurant and placed our order, our experience is less than spectacular. You walk in and the decor is home-y. The Native American paintings hanging on the walls are a nice touch. We placed our order after another family, but yet, it took us 10 minutes of waiting at the counter to finally be acknowledged by the "gentleman" behind the counter. I guess that's just that "Native" attitude. Mind you, I'm Native American and grew up on the reservation. My wife and I ordered the Combination Taco and my wife simply asked if they could add onions and cheese (she didn't notice that it in fact came with cheese), and the guy became annoyed and shot back an attitude-filled response. I'm thinking this happened because we too are Native American and he seems to maybe not like natives, because right after us was a couple of Anglos and he gave them the utmost courtesy. Because of him, this place gets 3*. The food on the other-hand was actually pretty decent. The fry bread was fluffy and scrumptious, the beans tasted like it was out of a can (BOO!) and it had a nice little spice to it (YAY!) We might possibly return.
4	I like taking out of town visitors here to get something real that isn't from a chain restaurant.  Whenever they come back this is the first place they want to go back to.  I like supporting local businesses like this and will continue to do so.  They just need to be open longer, sometimes I eat dinner late and they are already closed.
4	Very good! If you're craving fry bread, this is the place to get it. And yes, real Indians are working there! Its very fresh. The only complaint is that they charge you for extra honey. The hours aren't great either. But its good weather it is dessert or lunch time!
5	Very cool experience, and very tasty food. I like stopping by once in a while as a treat. Very good and definitely recommend if you have never tried it before.
5	Delicious food. Nothing fancy. The veggie tacos are the best I have found around here. The beef stew is great, & obviously home made not canned. Worth the reasonable prices. One of those veggie tacos will keep me full for a day usually. Better than other competitors offering fry bread. The other location is goo
5	On my way home from work and I pass this place everyday. I always wanted to try it so I thought today's the day. I ordered the Ultimate Taco which is fry bread filled with meat, beans, chili, lettuce,cheese, and sour cream. It was delicious. They have many different toppings for the fry bread savory as well as sweet. They also have burritos and tacos.  The lady that waited on me was very nice.  Quick service as well. I can't wait to go back.
4	Tried this place on a whim. I wasn't sorry I did.The service is okay. It's the family operating it and they take your order at the counter and bring the food to you. You get drinks refill but they keep it behind the counter so you have to bug them everytime. I got the red chili beef and honey and sugar fry breads. The red chili beef was good, I liked the flavors but it was very greasy. It's a good size and my boyfriend and I shared one. The fry bread is flaky and has a good flavor on its own. The honey and sugar was delicious too. They're generous with their portions. I shared the dessert as well and we both walked out stuffed. It's a good place around the corner for a quick fry bread fix but if I'm really craving it, I think I'll head to another place.
5	Me and my spouse regularly stop here at FBH. The owners are very kind and prompt to take down our orders. My personal favorite is the combination green chile beef Indian taco, freshly made chips and homemade salsa.One of the most filling plates I can think of for $6-7. The first time we went in, we ordered two Indian tacos and a bowl of delicious posole and an extra fry bread. Needless to say, we took half of it home!Can't recommend a better place locally for some freshly prepared food with great portions and value. (Not the usual crap you find at the local McD's or Subway)
4	This is a fun family owned restaurant to go check out and the food is pretty tasty as well. Reminds me of going to the swap meet or one of those local food markets and getting some fry bread for a treat.Always used to get the standard fry bread with powdered sugar and just recently realized they make them with all sorts of goodies sprinkled on top or stuffed inside. Not sure how healthy these puppies are but who cares when you are craving one or two and just can't resist.Ordered the Chili Beef Combo Taco on my first visit and was not disappointed. Came back later in the week and tried both the Red & Green Chili Stew. Used a side of Fry Bread to sop it up all the gravy. The flavors are very nice and there is some spicy heat to make your mouth wanting more.Next my wife goes out of town and I was feeling lazy. No kidding. Stopped in and picked up two containers of both Red Chili and Green Chile Taco meat - To Go. Just warmed up some tortillas and applied some meat and ate like a champ for the next couple nights.Service is counter style and there is plenty of room inside for larger groups. Looking forward to trying out some of their fancy sweet choices on my next visit. As Arnold says in his movies ... I'LL BE BACK!4.25 STARS
2	Giving 2 stars because the customer service was just horrible. Yes we came in 30 min before they close but when someone walks thru the door and automatically says "we close at 7 so all orders are to go!" Is not too welcoming. As soon as we ordered no lie another 8 people came in and yelled the same thing to them as well. There should definitely be some training in how to talk like an adult and not so rude. Gonna give the food a try and hope it doesn't match their attitudes. Which were horrible. Maybe think about staying open a little later.
3	The food is yummy. I would recommend anything with the red chile. Also, they have the elusive red cream soda. If it were just the food, we'd be sitting at 4 stars. The knock here comes from the stickiness of the tables and the grumpy staff.
5	Amazing frybread taco! Got the red chili with beans combo. Must try :0) great service. Took the cashiers recommendation of the red chili frybread with beans which is her favorite.
5	Server recommended the Chorizo, Ultimate, Cheese Melt, and the Chocolate butter and everything was delicious! Great service and attention. My mom sister and I enjoyed our experience here!
3	It was my first time at the FBH and I was craving stew with frybreadSince I was in the area, I thought I would stop in and get some The service was just okay, the guy behind the counter was helpful but not very nice He was brief and choppy, if that makes senseThis joint is owned and operated by Tohono Oodham natives and they have another one located in central Phoenix...I ordered the hominy stew with a Frybread Joedd special apparentlyI also got a cup for water and the guy handed me a cup with ice without telling me where the water was... I searched around for a bit and finally found it, it's the small spicket near the ordering station... My food didn't take too long as I am sure the stew was warmed up and frybread usually doesn't take long as well... The stew itself was really good, my only complaint was the size of the bowl-for the price... But other than that, I enjoyed it...The frybread was a lot crunchier than I like... I ended up eating more of the outside and working my way towards the center which was crunchy... That part I left on the plate... All in all it was good to experience the FBH East and perhaps I will try the FBH in Central Phoenix...
4	Yum. I had a green chile fried ultimate taco. My wife had a red chile fried ultimate taco. We are coming back. I recommend the red, which got less reviews than the green. Why??We also had a dessert taco. Yummy.
