5	I love coming here for breakfast. Best breakfast in the burgh. Still very much a hidden gem. The usual breakfast and lunch fare along with daily specials.The price and service are good. The omelette is the best thing in my opinion. Along with the home fries and mancinni's toast. Helps to get rid of any hangover.I bring my kids and they love the family atmosphere.Give it a try!
4	After my GPS took me in circles a few times, I finally made it to Pip's - except now it's Johnny's.  I understand not much has changed.  The other patrons were mostly regulars.  The amount of butter used is heart stopping.  And the breakfast was top-notch.It's a tiny little place, though, so I wouldn't recommend going on a weekend unless absolutely necessary.  As it was, my friend and I got the last table when we showed up around 9am on a random weekday.  I can't remember what my breakfast was officially called on the menu, but it included eggs, bacon, home fries, toast and pancakes.  Those who know me know my love for bacon, but here at Johnny's the pancakes were my favorite part of the meal.Those pancakes were outstanding, and probably enough to get me to return eventually at which time I will sit at the counter and enjoy watching my breakfast being made.  I think a good show will only add to my rating in the future.
4	If you are looking for an authentic dinner experience, you simply must visit Johnny's Diner.  I do miss certain things about Pip's, however many of the same employees work here that used to work at Pip's.  Gone is the "Table of Knowledge" plaque, but the community table is still there.   Gone are some of the quirky Eastern European foods, such as Pierogi, but the traditional diner/breakfast foods are still there.  I like that I can order grits, that's fairly unique for Pittsburgh.  I love the smile and conversation that comes with the really good down home food.  Hash brown potatoes are excellent.  Marvelous toast.  Great food!
5	I laughed out loud when I got a look at this place. It was so small and homely! But the reviews were good so my son and I gave it a try and we are glad we did. The food was plentiful, it tasted wonderful, and the prices were low. I can't wait to go back.
1	The service was very rude and totally ignored us. Pips was much better.
