4	Just visiting the eastside of Vegas even on a whim, glad to not have missed a bakery tucked in a small shopping plaza behind the Nevada State Bank. Since always having an undying love for anything sweet, this is panacea. A small but cozy atmosphere in a clean, well-attended Italian bakery since 1989 but newly opened in this part of the city about a month and a half ago, is the new place to visit. Owned by a friendly, attentive gentleman who addressed me as "Ma'am";he, the owner Michael happened to be at the bakery during my first-time visit. He hails from the "Big Apple" and had years of baking experience. Whether or not you have been to New York, anything New York-made in this 24-hours city is a sure good thing! It's like magic!The pastries, cakes, cookies, frozen desserts, ice cream cakes are baked fresh daily, which are displayed in a well-lit bakery glass-encased shelves. Made-to-order cakes for special occasions as well as custom-made edible photographs and picture frames and chocolate sculptures are for your request. More about the many offerings from this bakery can be noted from the photos. This bakery is also fully aware of those who have special dietetic needs. Dietary and nutrition facts are provided at inquiry. Specializing in well-designed cakes with that amazing cake decorating is one to be impressed of. So what is it that comes to mind that's Italian in the name of baked goods besides cannolis? "Tiramisu"! and it comes in two flavors: coffee and raspberry. Yeaaah! "Si!" "Si!" Picture my eyes rolling upward then with closed lids, saying, hmmmm. Add to that favorites like windmill cookies, chocolate chunk custard, and good, invigorating Lavazza Italian coffee...take me up to the sky by the light of the moon!...and it's not even pizza pie. Oh, and about that favorite Lavazza Italian coffee...it's a free cup between 7:30 a.m. until 11 a.m. with a purchase. "Magico!"
4	Part of me is happy that I have found another bakery that does not use soy in their goods. A part of me also wishes to see my friend drop over. I kid... most of the time.If you have a soy allergy then this place places uses canola oil instead of vegetable or soy. Upon entering, we were greeted with a warm smile and baked goods to try. Today, the samples were elephant's ear and a spongy cake. Both were delicious, but the extra sampling of their special raisin walnut rugelach. The soft texture and moist dough was enough incentive to pick up a dozen of another flavor. Don't get me wrong, the one we ate was as great, but the chocolate were too tempting to pass up. The purchase of a monster rice crispy brownie hybrid. This concoction was on the dry side and difficult to cut into. The taste was there, just the execution could have been better. The total for all of this was less than $6. Win in the baked good world. They also enjoy dipping many random items in chocolate. Looking at the display case there are tortilla and potato chips available. I won't knock it since sweet and salty tend to be a magnificent combination. The service is something to rave about. The owner(?) came out to talk to use about what goes into each of his items. An amazing 90% of the ingredients are made in house including infused oils and sugars.
4	I had a craving for bakery cookies (isn't that how all good adventures start?). Not donuts, not frou-frou cupcakes... cookies.  Specifically those melt-in-your-mouth, sprinkle-topped butter cookies that go down so nice & easy they quickly leave only memories and off-yellow crumbs behind. I could have retreated to my local neighborhood grocery store, but I knew that would be an unsatisfying cop-out.  Even though my course of business lead me to an unfamiliar stretch of town, I was sure somewhere close there had to be a mom-and-pop bake shop that could quench my cookie thirst.  Armed with my trusty iPhone and Yelp app, I was quickly informed that just out of sight from my current location, in a typical nondescript Vegas strip mall, there existed such an oasis.  The irony with the corner of Flamingo and Maryland is that there is so much happening and you can't make legitimate heads or tails of any of it.  Each corner hosts its own crowded characterless shopping center, but it was on the Southeast corner (the one with the Buffalo Exchange,) that I would find Bakery Magic, right behind the Nevada State Bank where a previous reviewer said I would.  Inside there were 2 smiling shop-keeps ensconced by every variety of baked good one could ever desire.  The staff, recognizing me as a newbie, offered me a few samples (cake and cookies and candy, oh my!), explained the shop was fairly new, and handed me a specialty cake menu so thorough it made me want to fake it was my birthday just to have an excuse to order one.  I went in assuming they'd have Black 'N Whites, which they did, and had them assemble me a half-pound of assorted butter cookies ($12.00/lb).  As with any good bakery they told me they went over a half-pound but wouldn't hit me up for the difference.  Despite my limited sampling I'm confident recommending this shop for those in & around the University area looking for a sweet fix.  While I'm not sure I would cross town for them for anything short of a "special occasion" cake or treat, I know that if I find myself on their corner again I'd have to fight a pretty mean urge to resist returning for another round of Bakery Magic.
4	Thanks to yelp, I have found all these great gems in my area. I've always been kinda iffy about the places around here since it's kinda sketchy, but surprisingly this bakery is another one of those awesome hole-in-the-wall type of places. When I first walked in, I felt as though the inside was kinda crammed since there's such little space between the display case and front windows. When I opened the door, I think I almost hit the cash register. Now that I think if it, just imagine yourself in some tinny NY bakery in the middle of city. And after reading Galdi G.'s review he sure did create the atmosphere of just that. However, this place has a huge selection of pastries, cookies, etc to choose from. The other reviews made it seem like they are more Italian oriented, which is what I was I expecting. From what it looked like, it felt like their selections were more Hispanic influenced? The style they present their products and the baking techniques? I've always thought I had a good grasp on my pin pointing the ethnic background of desserts, but this place kinda caught me off guard. None the less, I only bought an eclair just to get the feel for this place. It was absolutely delicious (nice homemade taste). Probably the best eclair I ever had. The texture of the cream inside was absolutely amazing. Highly recommend buying tit or even giving it to others. The overall dessert wasn't too sweet. Must come back here try to their other products.
4	I want into the cute little shop bright and early this morning! It is cute, all kinds of cookies and cakes and pastries. The 2 girls helping me out were very nice and even offered me a free small coffee because I bought a danish.I took one of their menus with me and they have all kinds of cakes and fillings and pastries listed.There was lots in there today, some I did not know the names of.
1	I just got out of there now.  I went in there and there was a lot of cookies.  The only reason I entered, was because I wanted a piece of chocolate cake like a chocolate mousse cake but I noticed that was too much to ask here so I asked if they had anything with chocolate and they had chocolate covered pretzels, which i can get at walmart.  They had these other type of chocolate covered cookie things.  I just wanted a cake even if it was not chocolate but nope, they didn't have something like that unless you wanted to buy a whole loaf of what they call a sort of chocolate souffle.  That is what I ended up doing.  When paying, I was offered a sample of a brownie.  And it was so gross.  It was like burnt and hard at the bottom and truthfully the rest was just bad.  If I had tasted the sample earlier before paying, I would've left the place right away.  Unfortunately I took the loaf thing home and had a piece just now and it was no different than the horrible brownie.  It was burnt, it tasted so old and it was just like a whole lot of hard crumbs glued together.  Mistake going in there. will not be back.
5	This place is the real deal! Bakery Magic opened 7 months ago & is straight from New York! I had a custard cream pie, nutter butters stuffed w/ chocolate butter cream & a chocolate peanut butter brownie. If i found out the world was gonna end in 4 hrs, i'd spend my last 2 eating my way thru this bakery. Its about time a place with this diverse selection & quality came to Vegas. Actually, Im at work right now, can anyone hook me up with a black&white cookie....make it 3 black & white cookies.
4	I really REALLY wanted a cookie yesterday and was stoked to find this place on yelp.  I work at UNLV, which is across the street from Bakery Magic.  Honestly, I wasn't expecting much, especially since the area around UNLV is a bit sketchy.  Bakery Magic (tee hee, what a name!) is located right behind Nevada State Bank on the corner of Maryland and Flamingo and is totally unassuming on the outside.  The shop is TINY; I mean, my office may be bigger than the whole shop.  As soon as you open the door and take a step inside, you're basically in front of the cash register.What greets you upon entering is an impressive array of cookies and other baked items crammed into glass display cases.  Seriously, HOW do they fit so many items into such a small space?  The interior isn't the most chic or trendy, but that's not why one visits a bakery.  The focus is definitely on the goodies.I chose a couple of nutter butter cookies (peanut butter sandwich cookies), an oatmeal raisin (crisp kind), a chocolate chip cookie, a huge M&M cookie, and a couple of butter cookies with a jammy filling.  (I also like soft baked cookies, but they didn't have any.)  With tax, total came to just over $9.  Visa and Mastercard requires a minimum purchase of $6.  The bakery bills itself as a New York style Italian bakery and had black and white cookies to prove that statement.Worth a look-see if you're in the neighbourhood.  Dangerous if you work in the neighbourhood!
1	It's a NEW YORK Italian COOKIE shop. What's the one thing they are supposed to have? BLACK AND WHITE COOKIES! I have been TWICE and they have been out. That's like going to a pizza joint and then saying they are out of pizza. Just pathetic. I will never be going to this place again to check. Instead check out Cuginos down the road.
5	Wow! What a find...If you are on the strip (or off for that matter) you've got to pop into this little place. PACKED with many many beautiful pastries! I had an apple pastry that was flaky wondrous! Worth a quick drive if you are in a hotel, or in the neighborhood. Or, hop on the "Deuce". D E L I C I O U S
1	First of all when I went inside the bakery, no one was available at the front to even say hello to the guest walking in. I said hello to the other customers that was there and asked them if anyone is helping them first. The girls just stated that they've been there for a couple of minutes and still have not been greeted by anyone. Not a minute to soon, two young girls came out from the back.                                                                    I had ordered different types of cookies, baklava, etc...$26 worth. I was so excited to try all of them! I felt some of the cookies were a bit overpriced. The tiny cannolis were dry in flavor, perhaps they were stale and old or maybe were frozen. The cookies lacked flavor and butter....they were so dry.  They tasted like they were made two weeks ago and was kept in the refrigerator. I WILL NOT RETURN NOR REFER ANYONE TO THIS BAKE SHOP THEY CALL BAKERY MAGIC!!!! Don't waste your money!!!!  :(I'll stick to my favorite bakery in Henderson, Chef Flemming's Bake Shop. Now that's a REAL bakery.
1	I ordered our wedding cake a month before the wedding and I think they may have made it that day and let it sit in the Vegas sun to dry.  The maid of honor could not even cut it into pieces because it was too crumbly. We did the $99 cake deal, so I suppose you get what you pay for.  The cake looked like a 4 year old spilled glitter on it and then sat it on a crooked table to cause it to slant. I would not recommend ordering a cake here if you're doing a destination wedding. I wish I could post a pic of what it looked like. I'm not sure what was worse- the appearance, flavor, texture, or the design... To quote my dad, "you accomplished 2 things today. You got married and had the worst wedding cake in history."If you're looking for an inexpensive wedding cake, wait until you get to Vegas and search the restaurants/ buffets for cakes. Luxor had large $40 carrot cakes outside their buffet.
1	Brides BEWARE! We had our wedding cake made by Bakery Magic. The service was okay but our cake looked awful! It was such a disappointment. It looked nothing like we had discussed or imagined. It looked like it had fell over. There were cracks in the fondant and the lines of the pleats were crooked. We wanted silver beads on the cake and he had put gold beads all over the cake. Most of the beads were falling off.  We spent so much money on a cake that looked so cheap. We left the store feeling like our cake would look great because the owner kept reassuring us that it would look professional. Such a disappointment.
