3	If you are looking for an apartment complex that is in a safe area of town; doesn't cost too much, and is close to grocery, dry cleaning, banks, food, etc. This is the apartment complex for you.If you want quiet, courteous neighbors, and some amenities (gym, washer/dryer in the unit (not on the porch in the hot storage closet), this is NOT the place for you.Not everyone (read most tenants) don't pick up after their dogs, most of the time there are young (read under 13 y-o) kids at the pool (unattended).While the staff is friendly, and most of them are knowledgeable, most don't really provide much service beyond bare minimum.It was not a bad first apartment (considering our move from across the country) but not somewhere I would recommend staying after that first lease.
5	I currently live at this apartment community. We love it. It is the cheapest rent we found in the area (without sacrificing amenities or location). We live a few minutes away from the Paradise Valley mall and right next to the 51. I have not heard our neighbors once and it is very peaceful and shady here. They are pet friendly. No, it does not have a washer/dryer in the apartment but there are two laundry facilities centrally located so you don't have to walk far. A dollar to wash and a dollar to dry. The only thing I don't like is the parking. For a two driver household one person always ends up getting screwed and having to walk. We are looking forward to living here for years to come.
2	Not a bad apartment complex if you're looking for cheap but with cheap comes poor service from management. First of all if the management likes you then they will at least half way do things. It takes them weeks to get a service request taken care of. During those weeks they will give you countless excuses, they looks for ways to complain about something leaving letters pinned to your front door. The rules are only enforced on people they have a problem with. I'm not saying all the management is bad, but the people running the show need practice. The machines at the laundry facility only half way work. The pool doesn't get cleaned much, if there is something wrong that they don't believe or feel like fixing they blow you off in an unprofessional way. There are lots of people that don't pick up after their pets. There are only 4 dog stations on the whole property. It's always loud here with kids trying to run you off the sidewalk with their bikes. The pool is loud at night with people screaming and kids during the day filling the hot tub with bubble bath that overflows into the pool.I don't recommend living here unless you like poor quality living standards and rude staff.
