4	I went here about a week ago with the boytoy. Super cute little place, great ambience. Nice little patio once it isn't 900 degrees outside. We ordered the calamari first. This is why they lost a star. It wasn't bad at all, but the calamari pieces were super small! : (....I was dissapointed. And the marinara that came with it was very tasty, but SUPPPER salty! I love salt but this was a little much. But we still finished it. We then did a build your own pizza- with mushrooms, onions, and peppers. It came and was very good. I love places that use fresh mozzarella and they do. The only thing, which isn't a big deal, is that the crust was slightly soggy. We had to eat it with a fork and knife. But it was very flavorful, not greasy like other pizza places who use the fake mozzarella. One big plus, the bartender came after we had waited a bit for our pizza and gave us a mini frozen limoncello drink that had tangerine in it. OMG...so tasty. And perfect for a summer night. All in all...we'll be back.
3	I'm sorry, but they just don't serve the 2nd best pizza in Phoenix.  Not even close.  It's a cute little place & the food was a-ok, but nothing special.  I went with my husband and we split the antipasto with mozzarella and a margarita pizza.  It was good...don't get me wrong, but I don't think we'll be back.  I don't have anything too memorable to share about the food.  The beer selection isn't great either.  It's a cute place and I hope they do well because I love local and I love Central Phoenix - but we're going to give it some time until we go back.
5	I was at the Town & Country Farmer's Market one Wednesday and the owner of Spasso's was there serving some food from his restaurant. I stopped and tried the fresh mozzarella that he made that morning - best cheese ever! The only other cheese I've had that even came close was edam cheese when I was in the Netherlands. He handed me his menu and some coupons and told me he had been open for 5 weeks.My husband and I went here last night and we were pleasantly surprised. What a lovely restaurant! It's small but still has an outdoor patio, which is where we sat. We ordered a bottle of wine and we were a bit taken aback when our waitress poured our wine into a short glass instead of a wine glass. When we asked why, she said that was the old school Italian way to drink wine. So, I guess we learned something new :) I ordered the gnocchi, which our waitress suggested, and it was absolutely divine! It was my first time having gnocchi and I'm now a huge fan. My husband had the lobster fettuccine, which was a special that night, and he loved it. We shared cannoli for dessert and it was good also. The prices here are really reasonable, and we had a coupon for 50% off a bottle of wine, which was great. Our waitress was really nice and I'm happy that she suggested the gnocchi, or else I never would have thought to order it. So, check this place out...we will definitely be back!
4	This is a new place in town within Town & Country.  At first, I was a bit concerned on a few things; there was not a hostess to greet us or show us were to sit.  We ordered a bottle of wine and they served it in standard drinking glasses (they say this was an old school way that Italians drink wine). We ordered entrees and we had to ask for bread.However, the food was excellent.  We at the entire meal and we didn't feel like we just ate a brick like you feel in most Italian restaurants.  Overall, the experience was pleasant and I'm sure we'll be back soon.
5	Have eaten there twice since it opened.  Since my husband is 100% Italian, we have difficulty finding restaurants that come up to his standards.This small,quaint, lovely restaurant does just that.  The first time I had the penne with the veal bolognese, and meatballs that literally would melt in my mouth.  My hubby had the pasta with rapini, of which he is a fan, and said it was cooked perfectly, and it is difficult to cook rapini well.  The next visit was the lobster fettuccini with a light tomato sauce.  The lobster was fresh (not a hint of a fishy smell or taste), cooked perfectly, and totally flavorable.  We also had the clams with linguine.  Not a hint of sand, and the clams were totally tender.  Each time the pasta was done PERFECTLY al dente which is so rare to find.  I seldom eat an entire pasta dish, but it was so delicious that I pushed it down.  The owner not only makes his own fresh mozzarella daily, but also his own sausage. You can even buy it at the small deli counter when you enter, so you could try to make some Italian dishes at home.  We plan to be regulars.  The food is outstanding and we have recommended to many, many people.  We hope they do well.  They have a varied menu, with mozzarella boards, paninis, pizzas, salads, pastas, entrees and desserts. The restaurant is small, intimate and well worth the trip.  We feel lucky it is in our neighborhood and I get a break from making sauce.
4	Got takeout from here on Friday for the Biltmore's Movies in the Park. I was very pleased with my experience, and look forward to dining in sometime. It far surpasses the pizza that was served by its predecessor. We ordered one pizza with mozzarella, provolone, salami (which is basically pepperoni), and basil. They make a lovely wood-fired crust, and the ingredients were fresh and superb. This is a pizza reminiscent of Cibo or Parlor, but not as expensive (but it starts to add up with the toppings, so beware).We also ordered a two-cheese appetizer, with bufalo and smoked mozzarella, both of which were very tasty. They came with ample grilled/marinated peppers, zucchini, and eggplant, most of which I piled on to my pizza. My only complaint was that the appetizer was kind of messy to eat and it seemed like a good crusty bread would be a natural accompaniment. And a final detail that they may amend in the future: they don't have a menu online, so I had to call to have one faxed to my office so I could order takeout.
5	Wonderful restaurant - great ambiance and amazing food!  There were four in our group and everyone's meal was absolutely delicious.  I shared a mozzerella platter to start, it comes with grilled eggplant, zuchinni, and peppers.  Spasso's makes their own mozzerrella daily and it is absolutely delicious.  My husband had the carpaccio to start.  The serving size was very generous which came in handy because as soon as I tasted it, I could not stop eating it!For our main entrees we had lasangna, bolognese, and veal milanese.  I knew the veal milanese was large so I split it - it was absolutely perfect.  My husband's lasagna was honestly was the best I have had in the valley.  The bolognese was equally great.   I am a bit of a wine snob and never order the house wine, however, because we all wanted different things I decided to keep it simple and ordered the house Chianti, which was great!  For desert we shared the chocolate mousse, which I personally would not have choosen but I LOVED it!  I have previously tried Spasso's pizzas which are awesome.  I really do not think one could go wrong at this restaurant.  Highly recommended!!!
5	Talk about fresh. The pizza had chunks of homemade mozzarella. The arugula salad had the most amazing dressing. The spaghetti and red sauce...outstanding!! The french vanilla cake was out of this world! Open for only 2 months, this place will soon have long wait times so I recommend you check it out soon to meet owner Michael and his cronies. Great guys!
4	I was in the area and some friends had recommended that I give it a try.  The place is very nicely designed and very clean.There were not many diners there, maybe the place was half full.Everyone was enjoying their meal as I have a tendancy to listen to other people's conversations.  The people having the mussels were delighted.There were 4 at our table and 2 of the diners had the lasagna.  It was fantastic!  Obviously prepared to order with a carefully prepared red and white sauce.  The noodles had to be homemade as they were so tender.  I had a Panini which was well made, the bread was excellent, but I wouldn't order this again as there are better dishes.  The last diner had pasta with bolgnase (have no idea how to spell it) which was very tasty.  The winner was the lasagna.We had fried calamari as an appetiser.  The serving size was very small, but it was nicely prepared.  I felt it was over priced for the size of the serving.  HOWEVER the owner came over with a large plate of shrimp in a tomatoe garlic sauce with bread as an additional FREE appetiser.  It was out of this world! Service was excellent.I have no doubt that if given the time to cultivate a client base they will be here for a long time.  I know I'll be back!
2	I miss Pie-Zano's. That was used to be in the spot now occupied by Spasso. I wentt here with high hopes and was very disappointed with the service, the apps and the bill. That being said the entree I had was OK, not great but it was fair (lobster pasta). It was just way too expensive for what you get. Town and Country is struggling and this addition adds nothing the drawing people back. This place  seems like it is trying to be fine dining but it is in a neighborhood joint kinda location. I won't be back here again which is a shame cuz I love to support the local (non-chain) restaurants in central phoenix.
4	Small, hidden, relatively unknown, and a really nice place for a late afternoon rendezvous with someone you'd rather not everyone know you are seeing. ;-)It's as close in style, size and content to a real European bistro as I have seen around here.  Stick to the pizza and mozzarella and wine and you can't go wrong. I did have a pasta dish there for dinner once that was unimpressive.
4	I have been curious about Spasso for a while now.  Went for lunch last week and had a very pleasant meal there.  They don't call themselves Pizza and Mozzarella bar for nothing.  There is Mozzarella available on almost every dish.  They have a typical Italian fare, Panini's, Pizza, meatball sandwiches. The salads looked very good as well.  Let me start with the best part, The staff and service.  It was very good. I sat at the bar and ordered a Pelligrino while I waited for my lunch companion to arrive. Apparently someone had failed to chill Pelligrino the night before and they only had warm bottles.  They served it to me in a glass with ice but were extremely apologetic about it. Hey, I know stuff happens, I was more impressed with their genuine and sincere disappointment in the situation. The staff was extremely pleasant, helpful and courteous during my visit.  The owner, Jim came by and introduced himself.  I love it when they do that. The food was also very good.  We had a half pizza and Egg Plant sandwich. The Pizza we ordered included Prosciutto and it was excellent.  I love italian stlle pizza with a smoky and crisp crust.  This pizza was on par with Chris Bianco's pizza's. Maybe the cheese was just a little runny, but I am spitting hair's here.  The Egg Plant sub was also very good.  The wine list was small list was small but carefully chosen. You can find a large enough variety of wine too satisfy everyone in the group from what I saw by quickly glancing over the wine list.  They also carried a beer that up until last week I had never tried. The Drifter Lager from Widmer Brothers brewery in Portland. I have since found it in retail store and bought myself some. Thanks Spasso for turning my onto a few beverage. All in all, it was a very nice afternoon. I wished I could have lingered a little while to enjoy some of the other offerings.  I guess I will have to go back soon to do that.
5	Spasso's is fantastic!! Great food, I often have the pizza. It's always the perfect combination of fresh toppings. They'll make it anyway you choose, it's always perfect!I recently experienced the seafood risotto, and I may never order pizza again :) Try this place, you will love it.
5	Enticed by the lunch club of the day offer of homemade mozzerella but unable to go the day of the coupon I wandered in today for a late lunch. Being a solo customer can often be unpleasant but I was surprised by the friendly and quirky (in a pleasant way) owner or perhaps it was the manager. I was a bit on the later side for the buffet that looked lovely but opted for the Proscuitto pizza since it offered the mozzerella I came in to try. The pizza was wonderful and crisp just the way I like it and the mozzerella did not disappoint. The owner ? offered me a sample of the buffet and I must say the chicken marsala was amazing with the perfect blend of marsala wine to be able to taste it in the meal unlike some places that it is more of a hidden taste.  I will be ordering that again. I was asked what kind of wine I enjoyed and after saying a syrah was offered a glass of wine (complementary) to try. I did find that I enjoyed the wine offered as well as the conversation about a bi-monthly wine tasting event they have that I will be sure to attend. All in all a hidden gem that I could see as a great stop in after work place as well as for a meal. Worth stopping in and trying. The decor is pleasant and they have both outside tables as well as inside.
1	Absolutely the worst customer service we have ever encountered. We went with a party five on a Friday night around 7pm. The restaurant was relatively empty and we were completely ignored. We were not offered menu's, drinks, or anything. I had to walk in and ask the bartender for a menu. Once we actually received a menu we were ignored again for another 10 minutes, at which point we opted to leave. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. I was appalled.PS. A week before I had called to make reservations and was greeted by a rude man on the phone who said "Who is this?" In a what do you want kind of attitude. I should have taken the hint and completely avoided the place.
1	My wife and I went here expecting good things.  The reviews on yelp were high.  We walked in the front door and the bar tender and the manager just stare at us like, "what do you want?"  We were confused--trying to to figure out if we were supposed to seat ourselves or be seated.  Finally a waitress tells us we can sit wherever we want.  We sit outside and are given menus and water.  As we are looking over the menu the aroma from the herb and tea house next door  becomes stronger and stronger.  We decide to move inside--no problem.  Our waitress was friendly and suggested the calamari or eggplant appetizer--we go with the fried calamari.  The calamari comes back in a timely matter and looks ok.  We tasted it and it was disgusting.  I've never had calamari fried this way...it was fried in the same type of manner as fried chicken and it had a dirty oil taste.  The fried part was light and crispy but the after taste was like burnt oil.  We told the waitress and swapped it out for the grilled calamari.  The grilled was definitely better but very chewy.  The only good thing about it was the sauce.  I ordered the margarita pizza and my wife ordered the chicken panini.  My pizza was pretty good.  The center of the pizza was pretty soggy but the sauce and cheese were a 6 or 7 out of 10--I'll take it.  My wife took one bite of her panini and thought it was gross.  I thought she was over reacting so I tried a bite.  It wasn't good at all--the chicken was dry, the bread too hard, and the broccolini bitter (which the owner said is how it's supposed to be).  At this point we were really disappointed.  It's one of the worst feelings going into a restaurant hungry and looking forward to a nice meal and being disappointed and leaving hungry. The owner took the panini and fried calamari off the ticket and apologized.  The apology didn't seem very heart felt--seemed more annoyed.  Some people have had good experiences here but I will never go back.  If you do go--don't get the calamari or the chicken panini--and expect the pizza's crust to be soggy in the middle.
4	my husband and I went here with our baby.  We were in a rush to get home to put the baby to bed so we asked if we could do carry-out.  They were so easy, pretty much said anything we wanted to do, they would do.  The owner (or one of the owners?) was behind the bar, and we found out his mom and brother were sitting at the bar.  We sat there as we were debating whether or not we should get the pizza, and he told us it was excellent pizza, then he grabbed a slice from his mom's pizza and was like, 'here try it!"  and he was right, it was excellent :)  They were super nice, and we will definitely go back when we have a chance to eat there.  We got the gnocchi and pizza and both were fabulous.
1	This was quite possibly my worst dining experience since moving to Phoenix about six months ago.My wife and I eat out quite frequently and had heard decent reviews about Spasso. We decided to visit the restaurant last night with another couple.The food was overpriced and only average. We ordered their mozzarella plate that was served with soggy vegetables and 3 tiny pieces of cheese. For almost $15 I would have expected more. While the mozzarella was the highlight of our meal, imagine sharing 3 pieces of cheese amongst 4 people. This was the BIGGEST mozzarella plate that was offered on the menu.Our calamari appetizer was chewy and lukewarm at best. The pizzas were alright, nothing spectacular. Very much your run of the mill pizzeria.Service is where this restaurant falls flat on its face. Their website, along with our waitress, speaks that the restaurant closes at 10pm.At 9:15 we tried to order a bottle of wine and were told that we couldn't have the bottle because they were closing. The "manager" turned the lights off in the bar and brought us our check.For a restaurant as empty as this place was, I couldn't believe they would have turned down the chance to make an additional $40. Their manager knows his business way more than I do and maybe he's doing so well he simply didn't need our $40.That being said, I've never been denied service in a restaurant and I've never been told so blatantly and rudely to leave.We won't be back and I suggest you take your money elsewhere.
2	I had dinner with my wife at Spasso's a few months back and have not really been too excited to return. Maybe I just picked the wrong menu item so I'm giving Spasso's the benefit of 2 stars instead of 1 star. I had the Italian Sausage Panini for $10.95 and a soda. The Sausage was like a patty with onions and greenpeppers, and was not too appetizing. I only eat half of my sandwich.
4	Fresh and simple - exactly what I wanted! The owner and staff are so courteous - I ordered my food to go and they comped a glass of wine while I waited. The Spaghetti Al Pomodoro was light and uncomplicated - not mind-blowing, but hit the spot for me, since I was tired of eating heavy restaurant food while on the road.  A perfect dining spot for anyone staying at the Marriott around the corner (and they'll deliver there as well). I'll be back the next time I'm in Phoenix!
4	We went to this place for our companys holiday party...I had never been here before and it was a cute little place...we had some good little appetizers...for our entrees we had a good ,chicken masala and a pasta with marinara sauce and a pasta with a meat sauce...they were all good...i wish i could have tried other items too but everything was pre-ordered so i did not have a choice...theu had a good wine selection too...for dessert we had some type of.chocolate cake that tasted heavenly! The ambiance is cute they tried to make it like little italy...the owners were so sweet and really put up with all of us...and we all had a little too much to drink...the food was good and the wine was good...it was solid and i would go back!
5	Wow!! New management and a 5 star atmosphere. I've been in three time in the last couple mths, and the service is out of this world excellent !!Michael, the owner is so cool and it's fun to watch the new staff interact with their cliental.I live nearby, and have been coming to Spasso almost a year. I bring all my friends and neighbors, etc.  I strongly recommend this experience.
2	The only reason why this place gets two stars is because the service was good, very friendly and prompt.  It does not, however, make up for the fact that the food was terrible.If you have "mozzarella bar" in your name you should know how to make good mozz, not the tough tasteless slabs we had on our cheese plate.  The poor shrimp on my pasta entree were cooked past the point of no return.  The bolognese sauce had no flavor, and even the house made pasta, arguably the best part of the meal, was slightly overcooked.  You're way better off going to The Parlor right across the street.  The prices are the same and the quality is so much better.
4	I have to say, this may be my favorite wood fired pizza in central Phoenix. I'll have to try Spasso's pizza a few more times to confirm that my infatuation was not the result of a long week, my chemical composition on that particular day, or the peace of a cold beer, but if future experiences are anything like my first, I am a fan! The house made mozzarella appetizer is ok. The steak (that my boyfriend ate) was fine. The real star here is the pizza, which had a perfectly chewy crust and the meat combination completed a perfect blend of cheesy saltiness. The owner was a little overly chatty, but at the same time, how can I blame him when clearly this restaurant is his pet project. The service was GREAT...I don't think our water glasses were ever empty. I have to admit, a small part of my enthusiasm is probably because this restaurant is in Town & Country Mall, which is a terribly under appreciated piece of real estate...I'd love to see this good, family-owned restaurant survive.
4	Love the big patio under the trees, loved the inside ambiance and the food and service were great.  I had the Caprese Salad and my fiance had a pizza.  Both of us loved our meal, the wine and the service.  If you're looking for a great date place or somewhere to hang out on a patio with wine, this might be the place for you.  Spasso is located in Town & Country, kind of behind Trader Joe's.  The owner was very nice, helpful and the prices were reasonable.
4	There are a lot of mixed reviews, but I was happy with my visit. Went for dinner with some friends and we split the mozzarella and tomato salad and the grilled calamari appetizer. The mozzarella/tomato I could have put together just as well at home, but the calamari was superb. Great flavor and grilling it was a great twist over fried. Every Italian restaurant has fried calamari but I've never seen grilled before. We were going to split pizza, but they ran out. I will give them that we were there late (got there at 8) after the dinner crowd, but still seemed odd. I ended up ordering the penne bolognese which was delicious. Again...they put their twist on it. The meat sauce was made with veal. So good! The restaurant itself is not big at all, but you don't feel cramped. Tables are just far enough and the tall ceiling makes it feel open. I would definitely go back (with the hope that they're not out of pizza). The food overall was great and the staff could not have been more friendly. It felt like we were friends with our server and this was a first visit for all of us. If you're on the fence, definitely give this place a try!!
4	Bottom line - Great food and service but pricey.  Friendly staff welcome you to the small but tastefully decorated Spasso.  A diverse menu with plenty of options offers a great mix of meat and pasta.  I started with the grilled calamari which was a nice change from the deep-fried breaded version we're all accustomed to.  At the table we had a simple red sauce over spaghetti, which was simple but delicious and a fussili with meatsauce.  I paid extra for a premium fussili but was a little disappointed with its texture, it kinda stuck to my teeth.  The portions were healthy and our glasses of water were kept full.Dessert was a tiramisu that was very good.  I asked what if anything was made in the restaurant and my disbelief that ALL of it was brought a friendly visit from Michael the owner who convinced me.Dinner for four was $130 but that included three glasses of wine.  A classy place to be sure, just a little pricey.
5	Wow wow wow! My friend and I had just driven in from California and were craving spaghetti. We had heard of this place and although tucked away in a cute little shopping center we were highly impressed. They were closing and stopped us from walking away and offered to serve us a late dinner. I decided on the spaghetti and meatballs. I added melted mozzarella to the top. THIS WAS THE BEST, I MEAN THE BEST PASTA OF MY LIFE. The gravy is to die for. Next time I travel to phoenix Im hitting this spot again.
5	Food and service were greatHaving spent plenty of time in Italy, I normally avoid Italian restaurants. I was cautious, but was rewarded by a restaurant where home-made Italian food really feels like it's understood. House-made mozzarella is fantastic. Not to be missed (especially in a simple, but tasty Caprese). Side dishes are a wonderful compliment to mains that really are stand-out. I had the Veal Scalopini and was not disappointed - tender, slightly citrusy, but not over seasoned.The owner was a great character who ensured I had a good mean as well as some good conversation.  I will definitely be back!
5	Great service, very friendly staff. It was a great spot for lunch with a friend! I would definitely take my significant other back here for dinner too.
1	Just had dinner at Spasso's.  I used a Travel Zoo's $65.00 coupon.After 10 minutes of rules and regulations and three trys at ordering and being corrected that we could not do that, we finally gave an acceptable order.  The pizza was pretty good the orecchietti was so-so. The web site specifies hand made pasta, but that was not available. Then the owner gives himself a 20% gratuity based on total including taxes.  The explaination was "that's how the computer figures it"  I call this a rip-off, and will not return. In this economy, when dining out is a luxury for many, why would a restaurant owner gouge the patrons?
1	The management at this place is horrible. I bought a groupon type voucher for $29 from Travelzoo for this place. It was supposed to include 2 cheese plates, 1 app, 2 entrees, and 2 drinks. Went in on a Friday night and they were "out of pizza." How is this possible? The manager was really weird about the voucher. He said it would work more like a credit, deducting $65 off whatever we ordered, and that we might still have to pay an extra $3 or $5 even though the voucher was supposed to cover everything. I didn't want to argue in front of my girlfriend at this point so I let it go and we ordered. He didn't allow us to choose our cheese or appetizer. He brought out one cheese and some cold veggies that come with the cheese anyway, so we didn't really get an appetizer. The cheese was not that good, and was definitely not made fresh that day. The pasta was decent. Here is the crazy part about this - when we got the bill, it was $30 - even though we had received LESS than the voucher included. He also added extra charges to the bill for who knows what. I told the guy I wouldn't pay it and gave him a tip and left. He was the shadiest character I have ever encountered, and we will never be back.
4	Great pizza and really good beer too!  The service was somewhat slow, but extremely helpful and the atmosphere was cozy and definitely a relaxed neighborhood vibe!
2	My fiance and I went for dinner on a Friday night a few weeks ago. I was SO pissed off after the experience that I figured I'd wait awhile to write a review. I had a $25 restaurant.com gift certificate.  The terms on the certificate stated that you had to spend $35 minimum, alcohol not included, and that an 18% gratuity would be added to the pre-coupon total. Fine with me - I'm used to those terms on these types of certificates. We were greeted by an older gentleman who was pretty friendly and joked with us about where we wanted to sit. We were then waited on by another guy (possibly an owner or manager? he was loud and somewhat obnoxious). He tried to get us to order wine, but I've been having headaches from wine recently, so we passed, even though he was pushy about it (which is weird - lots of people don't drink at all, for religious or health reasons, so I don't understand trying to force a customer to order alcohol). We ordered a 2-cheese plate, and asked for the house-made mozzarella and the "dried cow's milk cheese." We were given the supposedly house-made mozzarella and the smoked mozzarella, which was disappointing because I don't like smoked cheeses at all.  I decided not to say anything because my fiance likes smoked cheese, so I figured he could enjoy it.  The "house-made mozzarella" was a misnomer - I have had better "fresh" mozzarella from the grocery store. The roasted veggies were pretty good. Next, we ordered a Prosciutto Pizza and a mixed-greens salad. The salad was really good, the dressing was a balsamic vinaigrette and it was crisp and refreshing.  The pizza was good as well - full of flavor and piping hot.  The crust was a little soggy, but that doesn't bother me at all. We were full after the cheese and veggies and salad, so we asked to take half the pizza to go. The waiter brought our bill, and we gave him our restaurant.com certificate.  He immediately, and very rudely, said that we couldn't use it, even though our pre-tax bill totalled more than $40, and the certificate said we had to order $35 worth of food. I told him that we had complied with the terms that were on the certificate. He said that to use the certificate we needed to order 2 entrees. I told him that the certificate didn't say that, and that it just said our bill needed to be more than $35, which it was.  He repeated that the "terms of the certificate" required us to order 2 entrees, and said the certificate is designed "so that people will order two entrees and wine and order more food." I pointed out the fact that the certificate specifically states that alcohol is excluded, and he still tried to fight me on it, but finally relented and said he would go ahead and do it "this time." (Of course, after his rudeness, I'm not sure why he expected there would be a next time). He took my certificate, calculated the final bill, and brought it back to us - you could tell he was totally pissed at us at this point. He then sent someone else out to pick up our payment and to box up my pizza. He added a 20% gratuity to the bill (which was totally fine - we knew we were getting a good deal by using the certificate). After we paid, we left and will never return. The pizza was decent enough, but wouldn't be worth paying full price, and I would never attempt to use a coupon there again, only to risk being treated rudely. If the restaurant doesn't want to honor those types of certificates, they shouldn't sign up for them. Or, alternatively, they should place more restrictions or additional terms on the deal, and stick to the terms printed on the deal. They could easily require a minimum of $50 to be spent (lots of other restaurant.com restaurants do). Bottom line - we will never go back, and wouldn't recommend it to anyone else.  I awarded 2 stars simply because the food was decent.
1	STAY AWAY ...STAY AWAY ... STAY AWAYI ignored the BAD REVIEWS ......I found the ATTITUDE over powering .....I found the food TERRIBLE ......I am warning you ...... STAY AWAY
1	My wife and I stopped here for dinner and were seated outside on the patio (fine so far). The waiter (owner?)took forever to come out but it was busy. He acted bored while we ordered our appetizers and actually was staring directly over my head while I ordered. Whatever, we wrote it off as weird. The cheese plate was dismal. There is no way they make that cheese fresh, and I could have gotten better cheese at the trader joes around the corner for a third of what theirs cost. Eventually our snobby waiter made it back to our table. He told us the specials and again wouldnt look at either of us...when we ordered a margherita pizza to share he literally huffed and said "is that all?" and walked off. We were flabbergasted. He did not return their the entire duration of our stay, not to bring us more drinks, not to get our dessert order, not even to ask how the food was (not great-a margherita pizza should have a certain type of mozzarella and some fresh basil on it. This looked like a generic by the slice type pizza you would find at any chain joint)Seriously we are both pretty easy going and not terribly demanding of a server. But to be flat out ignored and treated like they didn't want us there was outrageous. I don't know what that guys problem is, but if the management cares about their business at all they need to address those problems. As it is, we won't ever go back, and I would tell anyone who asked me about what a terrible experience we had and how mad we were upon leaving after waiting 2 hours for the check. I had to get up and ask the guy at the door for the check. He was the only nice person there.
4	SPASSO IS GONE!!  I always found the food and service to be good, I'm sure it also helped that it was walking distance from where I work.  Another victim of the recession no doubt, it died sometime this month (October '11).  Judging from the recent reviews, it looks like it must have been hemorrhaging cash after having cancer infiltrate the quality of food and service...  RIP, Spasso - I hope you went peacefully...
5	WOW!!   Small, cute, hard to find but well worth the effort.  Visited while on vacation and bases upon reviews this place hits its menu out of the park.  Had a pizza for dinner. While waiting owner brought out a sample of just finished, home made mozzarella that was fantastic.  Today they started a lunch buffet and had to come back to try it.  It rocked.  Make the trip it will be worth it.
