2	This location is at Chauncey Ranch, just south of the 101, in the new Whole Foods plaza. It has not only the Destination Maternity, it has a higher end Mimi Maternity and luxury brand Pea in the Pod at the same location, along with an Edamame Spa.With that out of the way -- I REALLY wanted to like this place. I went to the old location at Desert Ridge and was pleased with the low cost, big selection and service. The atmosphere was laid back and casual.Unfortunately, at this location, you will be immediately attacked by salespeople at every turn. In my first visit, I was stopped at least seven or eight times by people asking if I wanted help or wanted to visit the spa. Since it was close to the grand opening, I let it go at overzealousness. However, a few months later I got the same experience. I appreciate the helpfulness, and I understand what it's like to work on commission, but they stick to you like white on rice and make the experience really annoying. I've started either shopping at their online store, visiting other locations or going to different stores. Other than that, the prices are pretty OK as long as you stick to the clearance section at Destination -- the other two places are ridiculously priced considering how long you WON'T be wearing the clothes.
1	If you like being attacked by pushy, overbearing sales women, and paying high prices for average quality clothing, then this store is for you.  The moment I entered the store I had a sales woman breathing down my back and shifting my attention away from the sales racks and towards the high end section of the store (this happened on the 3 occasions I was at the store).  It's way to obvious that these people work on commission.  Regardless,  I found a great pair of jeans I was very much in love with and l left the store happy.   I paid $125 for these jeans, after one wear they began to tear and a rivet fell off the back pocket.  I went into the store to exchange them 4 days after I purchased them and the manager was very condescending and rude about my return, she tried her best to convince me that the quality of the jeans was my fault.   Once again I was guided by the sales people to the clothes they think I should be wearing despite what I am telling them. Frustrated with the way I am being treated I hurry to find something so I can get out of the store.  i end up very unsatisfied with my purchase.  I would not recommend this store, shop online if you have to just dont shop here.
4	I am sad to see the poor review.  I went to DM with my sister in law - who is a very small person - the sales lately nicely greeted us and then offered us waters, then proceeded with pulling every piece of clothing that came in my sister in laws very rare size.  Not once did we feel pressured.
1	I was driving around with my 5 month old who was getting cranky. So I thought she might want to nurse. I pulled over and was excited to see a maternity store. I asked the sales woman if I could nurse in the fitting room. She said she had to ask the manager who said I was welcomed to nurse in the chairs on the show room floor IF I had my cover up. They said I couldn't use the fitting room because they might have to kick me out if other people needed it to try on clothes. I take issue with this because: 1. There was only one other shopper in the store and ALL of the fitting rooms were empty. It was not bloody well likely that all the fitting rooms would suddenly become occupied. 2. This is a store for women who are becoming mothers. What? They only care about pregnant moms, not moms that have already given birth? 3. Arizona law allows me to breast feed anywhere I am allowed to be legally without requiring me to have a cover up. 4. I have ALWAYS been welcomed to nurse my baby in fitting rooms at places like White House Black Market and Target. But not at this place specifically for MOTHERS? Oh wait, it is for mothers to be. Once you become a mother you are on your own.
1	Went to DM a few weeks ago with my mom.  I was kinda of excited...I mean...a WHOLE STORE dedicated to the preggos!?!  Where can you go wrong?I'll tell you where you can go wrong....if you're a plus size preggo.  Forget it.  For being a plus size gal, I'm very proportionate.  And all of my weight has shifted.  Where there wasn't much of a tummy before with a small waist....HELLO BABY BUMP!  This stores Plus Size section is a joke.  Here's a rack about 5ft long, in total, for you to find clothes from.  And forget about them being cute.   I should have known MY clothes selection would be anorexic especially seeing the location - N. Scottsdale(haha...that was kinda funny...anorexic...n.scottsdale....teehee).    Anywho.Can you say - Catering to the demographics??  All together now....The only positive thing to come about was Edamame Spa  - The spa place tucked in the corner.  Found out lots of information on what to use on my skin and about getting prenatal massages.
4	I have to start off with why all the negative reviews ? I had an amazing shopping experience!!! Im expecting my first baby and am totally clueless when it came to shopping for maternity clothes, I walked in and was greeted promptly and asked if i had ever been in before the girl was so helpful and sweet she helped me pick out styles and sizes that were perfect for me Im a plus sz girl and they had plently of selection, They got a room started and ask you if you would like a bottled water or juice nice touch I thought. It has 3 different price ranges average to very pricey so depends on how much you want to spend, I got my pants for work cheaper than I regularly pay so I was a happy girl :) They also have a nice selection of spa items and nursing section, I got 6 items and spent 145.00 not bad I thought and they give you a great little gift bag with free goodies. I will definatly be back again .
1	I will never go back to this store! The associates smother you, which is infuriating and rude after the 10th interruption in 20 minutes. The last time I went in to browse, I tried on a few items and was harrassed into buying a $60 "skincare system" which I really didn't want or need. So tonight I went back to exchange the skin goodies for some shirts. When I came back from the register, the gal insisted that I give her my phone number and address before she could go through with the exchange (I never give out my number). She and the manager refused to exchange my items until my girlfriend finally gave them hers. WTF? No work-around? I was seriously ticked off, because a simple exchange took over 20 minutes. After two horrific experiences, I'll forgo the overpriced clothes and instead go to Old Navy or Babies R Us' maternity departments (or order online). Not. Worth. It.
1	I have visited this store several times beause I want to look cute while pregnant. I was excited to see they carried maternity versions of brands I normally wear, but buyer beware! I bought a pair of Sanctuary Pants (over $100) and the first time I washed them the buttons fell off! I washed them on cold, gentle cycle, inside out (our washer is the kind without an agitator) and didn't even dry them. I have several pairs of Sanctuary pants that are not maternity and worn them for years without issue. Everything I have purchased were top dollar desinger brands and they don't wear like their non maternity counterparts. And watch out for the "FREE" Parenting Magazine they want to sign you up for. We got charged $20 for it on the credit card we used for one of our purchases without being notified. Cute clothes but really check them out before you buy and don't expect anything to last through your pregnancy.
5	This was one of the most pleasant shopping experiences I've had since being pregnant. The service clerk was soo friendly and helped me find the perfect outfit for my baby shower. I was only in town for the weekend and she helped me with what was the perfect outfit, then piled me up with coupons to local stores and stores in my area in TX. I really loved working with her. Ask for Bernadette!
1	I received a call from my wife who is nearly 10 months pregnant crying on the phone.  She told me she was being stalked and had to get out of the store.  She later told me she was being stalked by employees at destination maternity.  She went there to purchase one thing, and before she could view the selection, the employee picked up the most expensive one (which was the one she did not want) and placed it by the cashier register for checkout. This made my wife feel as though she HAD to purchase the item.  When trying on one thing, her fitting room was flooded with numerous things she did not want or need.She ended up leaving without purchasing anything, due to the stress.  She went home and purchased what she needed on Amazon for cheaper and free shipping. It appeared to her they most likely worked on commission. Although friendly and knowledgeable, the employees are obviously pressured to make sales and this burden is unfairly placed on the consumer.No one should be stressed out when going shopping...especially when pregnant.
4	I've spent way too much $$ at this Destination Maternity store as of late, but I'm grateful that it exists, as without them, I'd have nothing that fits this very pregnant belly of mine!I was lucky enough to get by during my first pregnancy with a bunch of hand-me-downs from friends, a visit to a maternity boutique in Michigan that my mom took me to, a couple of online purchases (thanks IsabellaOliver.com) and maybe just one visit to this DM.  Unfortunately, most of those things were seasonal and wonderful for when I was super pregnant in the Summer.  This time around, I'm super pregnant in the Winter, so what does that mean?  Pretty much all new clothes!Thank you Carrie and staff at this DM for all of your help these last couple of months.  Thanks to you, I've purchased a ton of cute clothes including a formal dress, several sweaters, a couple of go-to pairs of pants, leggings, long sleeve shirts (both casual and for work), a wonderful bra, some new underwear, and more!  Whether you are looking for brand name designer labels (Splendid, BCBG, Joe's Jeans, Jessica Simpson's maternity line, etc...) or just something that fits, you'll find pretty much anything you're looking for here.  I've had to return a few things, and they've also been great about that... and the play area for toddlers comes in very handy too.I haven't used the spa, but I've heard good things about that as well.Destination Maternity may be a chain, but it's a wonderful one stop shop for all of your maternity / nursing needs.  Happy shopping prego friends!
1	Their online store is a nightmare.  They placed a $726 hold on my card for a $140 order because of how their billing and shipping works for orders that ship from multiple stores.  I honestly thought my identity had been stolen.  Then it took 4 phone calls and about an hour before we got a solid breakdown of the charges.  If I could give less than 1 star I would.  We will never purchase from this company again
5	I absolutely love this store! My first experience was today and Karen helped me.  I needed a pair of black slacks and she pulled out 8 pair in my size for me to try on. It was great! After my purchase she gave me tons of free goodies for the baby and a juice for the road. I highly recommend this place! Can't wait to go back.
4	I didn't buy anything here but I thought the staff was very friendly and not pushy at all.  He introduced himself and asked if I wanted a tour of the store which I declined but he still came by to check up on me after that.  He wasn't ever salesman-y.  I think it's a combination of stores which others have mentioned.  If you already have little ones, there's also a little play area in the center of the room.  Nice touch.
3	I first received a couple of clothing items from this store from my mom on my birthday. The location is close to my parents house and that is how I found out about them,  through my mom. One of the shirts she got me was a little small for me and so I made a trip out there one day to exchange. Be warned, you will most likely end up with too many pieces and an empty wallet if you walk in there. The sales person on the floor,  although a very nice gentleman, will help you out and encourage you to buy some things you didn't even know you needed. It's like magic. I originally went in to exchange that one shirt but ended up spending $200+ on so many other pieces, most of which he hang in my fitting room to try. On top of that they had a buy one get one 50% off dealgoing on, which you of course cannot say no to. So if you like one thing you better find something else to get 1/2 off. Before you know it you have spent way too much and there is no turning back.Regardless of that, the store itself is very nice. They have divided the place by price range. I peaked into the $$$$ section and quickly walked out when I saw the first price tag.At the register they offered me a free mini massage which I accepted but immediately regreted that I did. The lady was way too rough for my pregnant taste and not good advertising for their spa. I left in pain, hurting physically and financially.
5	Jermaine, the gm of the store, worked with us personally.  We had online orders to return and walked us through the complicated process by which pea in the pod takes discounts.  Definitely put the customer first as there were some complex sales, where he interpreted through the eyes of a consumer.
