4	So helpful, competent, and friendly! Costs were reasonable. Would give 5 stars if they accepted VSPPer the other rating I was cautious and asked for prices, and explained I'm a "poor graduate student." They didn't seemed deterred by me asking the prices and were fine when I didn't upgrade.They have up to date technology, all of the staff were friendly (including the optometrist who spent a lot of time with me, talking about my needs for contacts and explaining my prescription), and walked me through the cost at the end, including how to get a rebate from the company. If they accepted VSP, I would make them my primary eye care center.
4	Like the other reviewer, I had a positive experience at Eye Contact. The staff were helpful and friendly. I had mentioned an eye doctor had previously said I was prone to glaucoma and the doctor at Eye Contact tested for that and didn't charge me extra.My only gripe is that I had to ask 3 times before I could get a price on the eye contacts they recommended I buy. First time, the eye doctor said I could discuss with the assistant (who was in the room), second time the assistant did not respond to my question but said "How do they feel?", third time the assistant finally answered when I was about to pay. Yes, I understand it is a business but avoiding my question until I have my credit card out makes me feel a little uneasy, as if they are afraid I wouldn't buy the contacts. Besides that, the overall experience was great and I will be going back, perhaps more assertive.
4	We went into this place looking for sunglasses, we went to 5 other eye shops before this one and it was our last stop.  The doctor came out and talked to us and said why the glasses we were looking at were cheap, but still awesome.He made a lot of sense, saved us $50-$100 on polarized sunglasses, and we still get compliments.  I don't know about the service of the doctors for eye appointments, but in general the place could use something to make the floor a little less dingy-looking.
3	Don't get their BIOFINITY contact lenses made by Cooper Vision. I've had 3 pairs so far with different prescriptions even though both of my eyes are at the SAME prescription. It's really hard to read when your eyes are at different prescriptions.  The past 2 times the staff have been ok/ cautious about giving me a sample lens to compensate for the busted lens. It's annoying to deal with and I wear my lenses as little as possible to deal with the problem, which defeats the point of buying contact lenses in the first place.
1	I've tried all three branches and had bad experiences at all of them. First off they are overpriced. I needed a part for my Adidas sun glasses. It took them 3 days to get back to me about if the part was even available - when they did it was twice as expensive as another local shop. The other shop checked the warehouse immediately and had it shipped the same day. That was their east side branch.They take my insurance which is why I went to them downtown... The doctor was good - billing a different story. I just got a bill for $10 about a month after my visit. I asked if everything was covered by insurance and they said yes. While the amount is small - the principal annoys me.On the west side I went to get contacts, I had to wait 90 minutes to be seen even though I had an appointment. That was a long time ago (a year) but combined it really irks me. Overall I should have learned my lesson the first time... they don't seem to get customer service and their prices are very high. I think there are better places in Madison.
