5	Walking around the unfamiliar territory of Edinburgh Haymarket stumbled across this excellent cafe/diner.  The food was all freshly prepared, tasty and of a very high standard.  The place was spotless and reasonably priced.  The best part about the place was the friendliness of the staff,  They were very chatty and welcoming.  My only regret is that it isn't in Glasgow.  If it were I would definitely be a regular.  Can't praise it highly enough.
3	The Dalry Diner has a steep hill to climb, what with the Clock just a stone's throw away and a wide variety of other food places nearby. The diner is spacious inside, decked out in booths. The booths are a bit snug, and if you're a taller or bigger person you might find some problems getting seated. I managed to squeeze into a booth and ordered the full breakfast. It arrived promptly, with a lot of food to get through. Sausages, black pudding, haggis, bacon, eggs and beans all required devouring by me. I managed about two thirds of the plate before giving up! It was totally fine - nothing spectacular but nothing horrid either. It was a plate of breakfast food and perfectly tasty at that.The tea that arrived was perfect, though. I got three full cups out of the teapot (win). So all in all, this diner is perfectly serviceable. Nice people running the place too, so I hope they get a loyal set of customers to keep them going. I think I'll probably stick with the Clock though; it just has a little bit more personality and atmosphere over this place.
3	Hhmmmm you'd think a cafe calling itself a diner would embrace the name more and try to emulate the kind of place you see in America a lot. Yes Dalry Diner has booths rather than tables but that is about as far as it goes. Even the decor is pretty uninspiring. It's a big place so they could do so much more with it and really give the place some character. On a street that includes The Clock, La Partenope and other nice niche eateries like the sushi bars and Vietnamese restaurant, a new cafe needs to try harder to make itself unique.Food is ok and decent sized portions too. I went for a Sunday brunch and got all the usual suspects: sausage, bacon, eggs, beans. Was a little surprised to see black pudding on the plate - it is something of an acquired taste and not for everyone. I always think that you should be able to specify what you want and don't want on a plate like this. it was all well cooked and tasty though.Maybe I was just expecting more because of the name of the place. If you get beyond that though, this is perfectly fine to grab a breakfast or brunch. No idea what it is like for cakes and munchies though.
