1	I will never use Dollar Rent A Car again, in any city. If you use Dollar Rent A Car, then the terrorists have already won.This specific branch is located within the New York New York hotel. They have a separate counter located near the check-in counter for the hotel. The cars are parked in the New York New York parking garage. All of this is very convenient.But their customer service sucks, and they did not explain their billing policy, resulting in my bill going from $100 to $180. Allow me to elaborate:First, I went to the counter the day before to make a reservation for a car. It was very easy, and the lady told me I could pick the car up "anytime after 7:30am" and that it would be just over $100 total. I went to the counter the next day about 10:30am, and was told by the guy working that my reservation was for 7:30am EXACTLY, and my car had been given away. STRIKE ONE. Luckily the guy had another car available so I was on my way.While signing all the requisite papers and contracts, the guy working pointed out to me a clause that said there would be a late fee of $10.99 if I returned the car after the normal 24 hour rental period. The next morning after checking out of the hotel we decided that rather than return the car on time and being stranded, we would keep it an extra hour to go to In N Out for lunch -- WELL worth the $10.99 fee. When I did bring the car back, a new guy hands me a bill for $180! He explains to me that the $10.99 fee is on top of billing me for another day's rental! THAT certainly wasn't mentioned the day before. The guy says he's sorry about the confusion, but he isn't able to make adjustments and gives me a customer service number to call. STRIKE TWO.So today I call the customer service line and after telling them that their policy was not explained at all, and in fact was rather misleading, I was politely but in no-uncertain-terms told I was not going to see my $80 ever again. STRIKE THREE.
1	This is a review for the Dollar in the Bellagio. The review below it is for the location at New York New YorkPros:* It's very convenient if you're staying at the Bellagio. Obviously.* The car took us where we wanted to go without any mechanical problems.Cons:* The office is small, and, "for customer privacy," you have to wait outside, in the heat, on a small bench, if another customer is inside. I have never before seen such a concern for privacy outside of a doctor's office, but you'll be in a bad mood by the time you finally enter.* You'll pay a change fee of $10 or $11, even if it's to extend your reservation for another day, as we did. So you're punishing me for giving you MORE business?* The office closes at 5, and the last time you can return the car is at 4:30. And there's no key drop after hours. So that means that you have to get up early and stumble down to the office to return your keys, or pay for an extra day. * The car had smears of what looked like dried, sticky chocolate ice cream in the driver's side door pull and in the cup holders in the center console.In New York, where I live, car rental companies can treat us like crap and we're used to it. (I don't own a car and rent from my neighborhood Dollar occasionally, but at least their agents are friendly while they gouge us.) Out here, I expect better. Next time, I'll rent at the airport (probably cheaper anyway), and certainly NOT from Dollar. In fact, I'm so pissed off that I may stop using them, regardless of location.
2	This review is for the Dollar Rent a Car location at the MGM Grand:We did a day-long rental from Dollar Rent a Car so that we could drive ourselves out to the Hoover Dam from the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.  It was convenient to have the agency right in the main lobby of the hotel; that's the main reason we decided to rent from here.First the good:  Our blue Ford Fusion was clean and well maintained.  It was pretty easy to get to the cars, up on floor 5 of the MGM parking garage.  Now, the bad:  Both on key pickup and key return, I could not believe that there was only one attendant working the rental desk in the MGM lobby.  It took almost an hour of waiting in line for us to get our keys.  I had to wait for at least 20 minutes upon key return before the employee asked if anyone in line was waiting to simply drop their keys off.The experience would have been a lot better if they thought about their staffing needs, especially during the busy weekend times.  I don't know if there are better options elsewhere, but in the future I'd definitely consider just renting from the airport, even if it meant I had to take a cab over there to get the car.
1	They are crooks.    Car was filthy when we got it...had a 1/4 tank of gas in it.  called the office and was told there would be no problem a note would be made of it.  No note was made and was charged over 200 for a single days car rental...called better business beareau and still was denied refund.
1	This is actually for the Treasure Island location which I could not find on YELP.I did a pick up in San Fran and a drop off here.  Of course no one tells me that no one is there after 5pm and what the whole procedure on drop off is.The signage is terrible......you would not even know there's a dollar rent a car in this hotel (which is in the 5th and 6th floor of the parking garage).  I had to call Treasure Island to find out where it was and call them back again because I had the hardest time finding them on the 5th and 6th floors.So I park in a dollar spot and can't figure out what to do.  I end up going to their kiosk in the hotel to make sense of what to do.  Of course you need a Dollar Envelope to put  the keys in and write down the stall, mileage, and fuel level.Note to Dollar......better signage, keep pens/envelopes at the drop key box site and had a drop key box site on both the 5th and 6th floors.  Also e-mail the receipt to the renter........I still can't figure out if I was charged correctly for everything.  If not, I will be YELPING about it.
